








































Bankera whitepaper no advisors


 1 



 2 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 

The potential impact of technological development in finance is one of the hottest 

topics today. Many start-ups are trying to revolutionise financial services. However, they 

mostly focus on a niche and cannot take advantage of economies of scale, which is 

one of the main advantages enjoyed by traditional banks that may not be as 

technologically advanced. Bankera plans to achieve the scale to offer traditional and 

emerging banking products in a technology driven Blockchain era environment, 

eventually becoming the one-stop shop for all banking requirements.  

Bankera is already achieving significant progress as a FinTech company, and 

plans to have significant infrastructure in place prior to the initial coin offering (ICO). 

Already, Bankera has the necessary regulatory and IT arrangements to offer individual 

international bank account numbers (IBAN) which can accept and make payments in 

the Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA). Bankera is in position to offer competitive 

foreign currency exchange rates, quick and cost effective international bank wires as 

well as having the “Bankera Payment Card” linked to cardholder’s payment account. 

Bankera is building a digital bank to last, therefore, the focus will be on the scale, 

elimination of counterparties and offering core banking services such as savings and 

loans accounts. To achieve these goals, Bankera will apply for additional banking 

licenses or partnerships in key jurisdictions to be able to operate in a spectrum of 

different fiat currencies and facilitate cross-border transactions without the need for 

counterparties. Bankera also plans to be a member of key financial networks, such as 

achieving issuer and acquirer status with major payment card schemes as well as 

becoming a participant in payment networks such as SEPA in EU, Faster Payments in 

the United Kingdom and ETF in Canada. 

In addition to traditional banking products, Bankera will be providing innovative 

solutions for both individual customers and businesses alike, in a low-cost banking 

environment. For example: 

• For businesses, Bankera will improve cash flow by extending finance for 
payment processing against future expected payments, based on historical 

cash flows and expected payments.  

• For individuals, Bankera will address the age-old problem of client’s savings 
not keeping up with inflation by creating an investment product linked to a 

basket of goods that automatically adjusts with inflation. 



 3 

To achieve these objectives, Bankera as a company is to be set up and an initial 

coin offering (ICO) will be conducted. The offering will be a virtual currency tokens 

known as a “Bankers” (BNK). Funds raised by the Bankera will be given as grant 

towards the development of Bankera as a project. An endowment will be made by 

operator of Bankera as a product towards Bankera as a company as part of its 

obligation toward the grant. Endowment payment shall be based on 20 per cent of the 

transaction net revenue earned by Bankera and SpectroCoin and paid to BNK token 

holders on a weekly basis. It is up to the discretion of the Bankera to then make 

payments to the BNK token holders as part of the reward for their contribution towards 

Bankera.  

 

  



 4 

1. INTRODUCTION 

We are living in times of digital transformation. The impact of this transformation 

is clearly seen in how we share information and communicate. There are attempts to 

digitize many aspects of our lives, especially in the world of finance and banking. Most 

notably, the advent of Blockchain technology has enabled us to digitize money via 

cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin. There are many attempts on foot to apply Blockchain 

technology to revolutionise other areas of finance. However, most researchers focus 

on transforming only one financial service or product (e.g. remittances or lending). This 

trend has emerged because new participants have been nimbler in adopting emerging 

technologies compared to incumbents who are hampered by legacy systems. 

However, this competitive advantage that new entrants enjoy is likely to be a short-

lived one as existing banks will use their considerable resources to build the same 

services to remain competitive or acquire emerging FinTech’s.   

The vision of Bankera is different; we are focused on building a bank for the 

blockchain era, which eventually will become a one-stop store for all financial services, 

in the same way, traditional bricks and mortar banks are now.   

We believe that digital means distributed, hence Bankera as a company will issue 

digital tokens on the distributed blockchain as an initial coin offering (ICO) to allow 

supporters to contribute to the development of a purely digital bank. The aim of the 

ICO is not to test a speculative idea, but to provide the capital to enable Bankera as a 

product to expand its existing services to compete with existing banks as an equal 

across all areas of operation including payments, lending, currency exchange, and 

investments. We encourage supporters to try Bankera’s services before participating 

in the ICO. 

 	



 5 

2. WHAT IS BANKERA? 

Bankera is a bank that will be built for the blockchain era using technology to 

reduce the number of counterparties, thus lowering the cost of banking for the end 

consumer.  

We have seen counterparty reduction emerge in e-commerce, where goods are 

now often purchased straight from manufacturers.  In financial services, the trend up 

until now has seen financial technology companies building their businesses by 

piggybacking off existing infrastructure to create better solutions for individual 

products. For example, remittance companies have emerged simply because they 

could process bank wires faster in various countries. However, such technologies have 

created numerous counterparties.  By being a core participant in financial markets, 

Bankera can provide many services without the need for such counterparties. 

3. SPECTROCOIN’S ROLE 

Bankera’s founding team already owns and operates a successful cryptocurrency 

exchange, e-wallet, debit card provider and payment processor. This product is 

operated under the brand name SpectroCoin (https://spectrocoin.com/).  

From day one SpectroCoin was built with the intention of providing access for 

customers to a range of cryptocurrencies. However, to remain competitive, 

SpectroCoin was required to produce a number of products that are seen in traditional 

banking, such as debit cards, payment processing, international bank account 

numbers, foreign exchange and so forth. As such, SpectroCoin has already developed 

core infrastructure comparable to traditional banks. A natural extension of SpectroCoin 

is to leverage existing technology to build Bankera, a revolutionary bank for the 

blockchain era.  

The introduction of Bankera will create an operational fork. SpectroCoin will 

remain a leader in providing wallet and exchange services for cryptocurrencies and 

Bankera will be a new product focused on efficient payment and banking solutions. 



 6 

 

The success of SpectroCoin has provided proof of concept for Bankera. What has 

already been developed will serve as a minimum viable product for Bankera to begin 

operations. 

 The contribution of SpectroCoin to Bankera will be not only IT and regulatory 

infrastructure, but also an introduction of Bankera services to 700,000+ existing clients 

of SpectroCoin and share of a SpectroCoin’s talent pool of 70+ blockchain specialists. 

Most importantly, SpectroCoin will be entitling Bankera token holders 20% from its net 

transaction revenue from the first week after start of pre-ICO. 

3.1. KEY FACTS ABOUT SPECTROCOIN 

Clients: 700,000 and 4000+ new registrations everyday; 

Cards issued: 65,000+; 

Average daily volume: 810,000 EUR; 

Team members: 70+ 

4. OUR VISION 

4.1. EFFICIENCY FIRST 

The financial services industry is moving towards becoming a near perfect market 

due to constantly lowering barriers to entry and homogeneity of services offered (e.g. 

loans do not have different taste or design only price and terms). To compete in such a 



 7 

market, not only must operations be conducted as efficiently as possible, but it is 

important to identify and pass through the most optimal solutions (i.e. the best trade-off 

between time and money) to the clients. As a result, Bankera will be passing inter-bank 

exchange rates to our customers involved in foreign currency exchange, available by 

using Bankera’s payment card, making international transfers or exchanging currency 

between their accounts. 

4.2. STATUS OF MONEY 

Bankera has identified three core trends regarding money in today’s environment. 

First, cash is still the dominant form of money especially in developing economies, and 

that will not change within the next decade. Second, electronic and digital money is 

increasing in popularity. Third, in the nearby future technology might enable the 

development and demand for new types of monies. 

4.2.1. CASH IS THE KING 

Bankera recognises that cash is still the predominate form of payment and 

Bankera will be active in the cash market. One issue is that Bankera will not have 

physical branches like traditional bricks and mortar banks. As such, Bankera has a 

three-pronged attack to remain competitive in cash. 

Partnerships with existing providers for cash deposits and withdrawals. 

Bankera will partner with retail providers who currently distribute cash deposit and 

withdrawal services. 

Network of agents. In developing countries where infrastructure to handle 

deposits and withdrawals is not established (such as South America), Bankera will offer 

relevant retailers (such as newsagents or gas stations) the ability to be agents for 

Bankera to handle deposits and withdrawals. Each of these agents will have an account 

with Bankera to facilitate this. 

Payment cards. As Bankera will be issuing payment cards, they could be used as 

an option for withdrawals at most ATMs available globally when cash is needed. 



 8 

4.2.2. ELECTRONIC AND DIGITAL MONEY 

Bankera will offer money wallets in 22 fiat currencies initially, covering all the 

major currencies such as USD, EUR and GBP. 

In addition, Bankera will also support emerging digital currencies such as Bitcoin, 

Ethereum, DASH, NEM and others ensuring that Bankera will be at the forefront of the 

emerging cryptocurrency ecosystem.  

Central banks (e.g. Bank of England, Sweden Central Bank and European Central 

Bank) are discussing implementing new forms of digital money. As these currencies 

emerge, Bankera will be a gateway between these currencies and end-users to provide 

access to these emerging currencies. 

4.2.3. NEW TYPES OF MONEY 

Being at the frontier of innovation, Bankera will aim to solve old problems using 

new technology and products. One such problem is that consumers, in general, do not 

invest their money adequately to keep up with inflation. As a solution, Bankera will 

pioneer issuing electronic money denominated in “baskets” as proposed by Nobel 

prize winning economist Robert J. Shiller. While his idea allows customers to send a 

traditional fiat currency equivalent to the worth of a particular consumption basket in 

the receiving currency, we will extend the idea to offer electronic money denominated 

as a proxy for consumption “basket”, to capture inflation and allow customers to keep 

their funds constantly employed. 

This idea is inspired by N. Kiyotaki and J. Moore who published an article titled 

“Evil is the root of all money” in 2002, which stated that money could be substituted for 

some liquid security. Hence, Bankera will offer low-cost exchange trade funds (ETF) for 

payments and eventually allow the construction of individual portfolio/basket based on 

customers preferences. 

The idea behind electronic money backed by ETFs is this: a rational person would 

like to have all their funds invested to be able to maximize potential return. Also having 

more capital available for investments should benefit society as a whole as it is likely to 

increase economic growth. Hence, assuming zero transaction costs and no volatility, 

the rational person would keep all his funds always invested and will sell a small fraction 

of their portfolio every time they need to pay for something (consumption). On the other 

hand, when a person will receive funds, they will immediately invest these funds. 



 9 

Assuming that the payer and receiver are investing in the same asset, we propose that 

selling and buying of an asset are unnecessary steps, so a transaction of such asset (in 

our proposed case ETF) would be the most rational solution. 

4.3. PAYMENT PROCESSING 

Bankera identifies two key issues faced by merchants accepting payments online: 

fraud/chargeback risk and capital immobilisation due to rolling reserves or long 

settlement times. 

Bankera will help its business clients to solve these issues, firstly by providing 

proprietary know-your-client (KYC) and fraud screening solutions as well as offering 

incoming payments financing (as an alternative for invoice financing). 

4.3.1. KNOW YOUR CLIENT 

Bankera believes that a payment processor is in a much stronger position to 

facilitate KYC and fraud detection procedures compared to the receiver, due to the 

amount of data collected. Hence, Bankera will develop an extension for its KYC and 

fraud screening technologies to forward relevant information to the receiver which will 

be a proactive and preventative approach to fraud prevention improving compliance. 

As a result, this solution should reduce the chargeback ratio, in doing so lowering the 

overall cost of payment processing for our clients. 

4.3.2. INCOMING PAYMENTS FINANCING 

One of the key challenges for fast growing businesses accepting non-cash 

payments is capital immobilisation. Typically, when a business processes a credit card 

transaction 90 per cent is received within seven days and 10 per cent six months after 

the transaction. This process is known as a rolling reserve, which is a risk management 

strategy to protect the merchant and its banks from potential loss due to chargebacks, 

however, it creates cash flow issues for businesses using the service.  

Bankera will create short-term finance products to bridge this cash flow gap for 

businesses. As a payment processor, Bankera will have an advantage over banks 

because Bankera will collect live information about expected incoming payments. This 

will facilitate Bankera offering credit for businesses secured against expected future 

cash flows. 



 10 

For example, a company may accept cash payments via Bankera’s gateway and 

it could take three weeks for transactions to settle, however, Bankera could 

automatically settle this transaction if it was confident that the funds will ultimately be 

received. This immediate settlement can be done for a fee or interest payment and the 

process can be used to reduce or eliminate rolling reserve requirements and other 

obstacles businesses face. Such a solution cannot be offered by most payment 

processors due to limited liquidity. 

5. BUILDING A BANK 

There are three core elements to ensure success when building a bank: capital, 

technology and compliance. Bankera’s management team has a proven track record in 

developing optimal synergies between these core elements. Prior to the ICO, Bankera 

has already developed crucial parts of these three elements and already has a 

minimum viable product.  

The successful implementation of all three product groups will set the foundations 

for the success of the bank. This philosophy is illustrated in the diagram below: 

 



 11 

5.1. CAPITAL 

Operating a bank is different from many other businesses because capital is not 

only required to fund growth and trade cycles but also for regulatory requirements. In 

the financial service sector, this regulation is in place to ensure banks have minimal risk 

of financial distress during economic downturns when there is pressure on the deposit 

base (more withdrawals than deposits). Therefore, most of the capital raised will be put 

towards satisfying the capital adequacy requirement ratios that are legislated and 

obtaining banking licenses or partnerships in new jurisdictions. 

For example, if the ICO was to raise 100M EUR, which on the surface looks like a 

substantial amount, because of capital adequacy requirements Bankera could only lend 

out 500M EUR, which is considerably lower than an average local bank would have in 

lending capacity. It would correspond to 2,000 loans for an average loan amount of 

250,000 EUR. 

5.2. REGULATION 

Licensing is one of the key assets of financial institutions. Currently, Bankera’s 

management team has obtained several strategic partnerships with regulated financial 

entities. Therefore, Bankera will have a solid foundation in place to provide the planned 

services except accepting deposits and offering investment products, which will come 

later.  

The key milestone to be achieved after the ICO is to obtain a banking license or 

partnerships, which would be the necessary licensing requirements to fulfil Bankera’s 

initial vision as set out in this document. 

Also, Bankera will be obtaining memberships in various key financial networks 

such as card schemes and several remittances channels. 

5.3. TECHNOLOGY 

Traditional banks often describe themselves as “technology companies”. 

However, Bankera has a significant advantage with core technology built for the 

blockchain era. Traditional banks have legacy products such as SWIFT messaging, 

SEPA payments or payment cards at the heart of their technology, which makes these 

technologies inflexible. In contrast, such products are simply bolt on the item for 



 12 

Bankera and can be disposed of without interrupting core technology. This will make 

sure that Bankera can remain nimble as modern technologies emerge and old 

technologies become redundant.  

Most of the technology required for successful operations for Bankera is already 

developed and will be ready for testing as a minimum viable product prior to the ICO. 

The core elements of Bankera’s current technology include modules for SWIFT 

messaging, SEPA payments, payment cards integration, bank’s ledger, Bitcoin, 

Ethereum, DASH, NEM modules, fraud analytics and more.  

However, to maintain a competitive edge in a rapidly developing technological 

market, Bankera will constantly be improving existing infrastructure and developing 

cutting edge solutions for the upcoming blockchain era. 

The graph below shows the technological solutions already available for Bankera 

and the planned additions. 

 

6. SERVICES TO BE OFFERED 

Bankera is aiming to become a fully-fledged digital bank and will offer three core 

lines of services: 



 13 

6.1. PAYMENTS 

Bankera’s payment solution will include traditional products such as globally 

accepted IBAN, debit cards and payment processing, but will also extend to solutions 

for remittances services as a correspondent bank for other financial market participants 

to name but a few solutions.  

To achieve this, Bankera will not only become a blockchain bank, but also will 

seek to become authorised issuer and acquirer of payment cards and obtain banking 

licenses (or partnerships) in key jurisdictions to avoid dependency on the 

correspondent bank services, which are extremely fragile nowadays as identified by 

the World Bank when they concluded that correspondent banking relationships (CBRs) 

are declining1 due to several factors including AML risk or reduction of risk. Having 

multiple licenses or partnerships will allow Bankera to offer instant cross-border 

transactions as well as having access to a low currency exchange rates due to direct 

access to financial markets in multiple jurisdictions because of having these 

partnerships.  

Bankera’s card, which will be available before the ICO, will give an option to spend 

funds stored at Bankera’s wallet practically anywhere where payment cards are 

accepted. 

On top of that, all services will be accessed through an easy to use intuitive user 

interface in more than 20 languages with live 24/7 support. 

6.1.1. CRYPTOCURRENCIES 

Bankera by default will support most of the cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, 

Dash, Ethereum (including ERC20 tokens), NEM for all its payment related features. This 

not only means that Bankera customers will be able to store and exchange these 

currencies, but they will also be able to keep their balance in accounts linked to 

payment cards, which will allow users to spend these currencies like traditional money.  

                                                

1 http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/113021467990964789/pdf/101098-revised-PUBLIC-
CBR-Report-November-2015.pdf 



 14 

Bankera will also offer a payment processing solution for all these currencies for 

merchants (currently available at SpectroCoin). 

6.1.2. NEW TYPES OF MONEY 

We see new types of money emerging backed by economic indicators such as 

gross domestic product or exchange traded funds. Bankera is in an excellent position 

to adopt or create such currencies as they emerge. This is especially the case once 

Bankera launches investment products which will have synergies with payment 

processing solutions which will allow Bankera to enable these new types of money. 

6.2. LOANS AND SAVINGS 

The ability to take deposits and issue loans is at the core of any banking business, 

however, nowadays it is difficult to enter the banking industry due to compliance 

requirements, especially around capital requirements. If Bankera is successful in 

obtaining the relevant banking licenses or partnerships, its operations will still be 

limited by the size of the capital base. Therefore, it is important that Bankera enter the 

market with sufficient capital to enjoy economies of scale to be able to compete with 

existing banks. 

The calculation of capital adequacy ratios requires knowledge about the structure 

of tier 1 and tier 2 capital as well as the portfolio of bank assets, to be able to calculate 

the capital size as well as the value of risk-weighted assets. To illustrate the limitations 

imposed by the minimum requirement of the total capital ratio of 8% as proposed by 

Basel III requirements and the 4th European Capital Requirement Directive (CRD4) 

regulations, we can assume that Bankera only has capital in the form of common equity. 

Hence, the total allowed value risk-weighted assets (most of the loans have a weight 

of 100%) can be calculated as: 

!"#	%"&'(	)*	+,-.	/(,0ℎ2(3	"--(2- =
2)2"&	5"6,2"&

7,8,7'7	2)2"&	5"6,2"&	+"2,)
=
2)2"&	5"6,2"&

0.08
 



 15 

However, 8% is the minimum capital requirement and the target capital 

requirement is around 20%, which is higher than the average total capital ratio of 17%2 

of all banks directly supervised by European Central Bank. As a result, assuming total 

capital of 100M EUR, the max value of risk weighted assets (or loans with a weight of 

100% issued) is: 

!"#	%"&'(	)*	+,-.	/(,0ℎ2(3	"--(2- =
100!	=>?

20%
= 500!	=>? 

A value of 500M EUR assets is equivalent to 2,000 loans averaging 250,000 EUR, 

which is still small scale compared to existing banks, but a good starting point. 

Bankera will leverage its technology to offer interest rates even on current 

account balances. 

6.3. INVESTMENTS 

In the future, Bankera will start offering various investment solutions for individual 

clients as well as businesses. Initially, low-cost exchange traded funds will be offered 

for customers; later the offer will expand by adding trading, advisory, brokerage, 

custody, wealth management and other services. Most of the services, such as advisory 

or wealth management solutions, will be developed in house based on using the most 

advanced artificial intelligence (AI) technologies. 

For corporates, Bankera initially will offer treasury services, which will expand to 

cover most investment banking services required by corporate clients including deal 

financing. 

7. FINANCIALS 

Bankera’s revenue can be assigned to each core group of its products: payments, 

loans and deposits, and investment. 

                                                

2 https://www.bankingsupervision.europa.eu/banking/statistics/html/index.en.html 



 16 

The payments revenue reflects the revenue from payment processing, card 

issuance, and foreign exchange. The payments margin for retail customers will be only 

0.01 EUR on top of costs faced by Bankera. The payments margin for business 

customers will be only 0.25% (and decreasing to 0.1% after five years). The average 

monthly margin per card is expected to be 0.5 EUR which would mainly include 

interchange fees (fees paid by the card acquirer to the issuer, in this case, Bankera) as 

well as maintenance, issuance and other fees. The average lending margin (the 

difference between interest rate paid to depositors and interest rate paid by lenders 

after accounting for unpaid loans and other direct costs) will be 0.5%, decreasing to 

0.1% within five years. The average margin on investment products will be 0.25%, 

decreasing to 0.1% within eight years with the fee mainly being for portfolio 

management. As a result, Bankera expects 11M EUR revenue in its first year with stable 

growth to 500M EUR within ten years. 

 

Most of the costs will consist of wages (for 200 employees in the first year, 

growing to 2000 employees within ten years) as well as legal and IT expenses. These 

estimates are based on the current cost structure of SpectroCoin. 

0

100

200

300

400

500

600

2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027

M
ill
io
ns
	E
UR

Total revenue



 17 

 

Due to a strong foundation and already operational product and initial client base, 

Bankera is expected to be profitable from day 1. 

 

8. INITIAL COIN OFFERING (ICO) 

During the initial coin offering (ICO), Bankera as a company will issue virtual 

currency tokens called Bankers (BNK) on the blockchain operated by a smart contract. 

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027

M
ill
io
ns
	E
UR

Expenses

0

100

200

300

400

500

600

2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027

M
ill
io
ns
	E
UR

Profit



 18 

8.1. WHY ICO? 

There are many arguments why we have chosen to do initial coin offering instead 

of alternatives ways to raise money. First, an initial coin offer not only allows us to 

onboard participants from different regions but also to incentivise them to promote 

Bankera’s products via affiliate commission. Second, tokens provide liquidity since they 

can be traded on various exchanges after the ICO. Participants can liquidate their 

position like holding shares in a publicly listed company. Finally, the tokens’ smart 

contract enables easy distribution of weekly affiliate commission, which would be hard 

to process without usage of blockchain technology.  

8.2. TOKEN 

Token holders will be able to use Bankers (BNK) to pay for services and products 

of Bankera at a discounted rate. Furthermore, the key utility of the token will be that 

all trading pairs at Bankera’s exchange including Bankera token will be free to trade. 

For example it will be cost efficient to exchange BTC to BNK and then BNK to ETH 

rather than exchanging BTC to ETH directly. By so liquidity for BNK token will be 

ensured. Also, they will be allocated a referral commission of 20% of net transaction 

fees paid by Bankera and SpectroCoin customers on a weekly basis.  

Net transactional revenue represents the difference between transaction fees 

paid by customers less direct costs associated with the transaction. For example, if 

Bankera’s client’s exchange 100M EUR to foreign currencies in a week with an average 

fee of 0.25% and Bankera faces an average fee of 0.1% the average net transaction 

revenue will be 0.15%, hence token holders will be allocated 30,000 EUR as a 

commission from foreign currency exchange net fees during that week. 

Allocated commissions will be distributed via smart contract to holders of Banker 

(BNK) tokens. 

8.3. PRE-ICO 

During pre-ICO only 10% of ICO tokens will be issued to finalize the initial version 

of Bankera before the full ICO. The pre-ICO will be used to determine the hard cap for 

ICO smart contract. 

The price of BNK tokens will be 0.01 EUR per token. 



 19 

8.4. ICO 

The price of BNK tokens will depend on the number of tokens issued during pre-
ICO: 

BNK issued during pre-ICO EUR per BNK rate 
0-499,999,999 0.012 

500,000,000-999,999,999 0.013 
1,000,000,000-1,499,999,999 0.014 
1,500,000,000-1,999,999,999 0.015 
2,000,000,000-2,499,999,999 0.016 

2,500,000,000 0.017 
 
 

 The hard cap (how many tokens will be issued) will be determined by dividing a 

number of tokens issued during pre-ICO by 0.1: 

CD?EFDG =
H'7I(+	)*	6+(JFK	2).(8-

0.1
 

There are also going to be a soft-caps during ICO, so that the price of each token 

after each chunk of 1,000,000,000 BNK will increase by 0.001 EUR. 

In case not all 30% of ICO tokens will be sold, the remainder will be distributed 

pro-rata to pre-ICO and ICO token holders i.e. it will mean that 40% of all token supply 

will shared among participants of pre-ICO and ICO. 

The rest of the 30% tokens will be distributed during a SCO (secondary coin 

offering) in the future, but never at a lower price than 0.1 EUR per BNK price. 

The 25% of tokens will be attributed to the team as a motivation as well as for 

bounty program for outsiders. The team part of tokens will be allocated over time. 

5% will be attributed to advisors, who will advise us for several years until a fully 

functional bank will be operating. 

 Hence, the total HARDCAP for pre-ICO and ICO is 10,000,000,000 BNK 

(2,500,000,000 + 7,500,000,000) worth 177M EUR (25M EUR + 152M EUR) and at least 

750M EUR for the SCO. 



 20 

8.5. TOKENS ALLOCATION 

The tokens will be allocated among participants of the pre-ICO, the full ICO as 

well as management and advisors to Bankera. 

Pre-ICO participants will be allocated 10% of all tokens issued. 

ICO participants will be allocated 30% of all tokens issued. 

SCO (secondary coin offering) participants will be allocated 30% of all tokens. 

Management team and employees will be allocated 25% of all tokens over time 

as a motivational tool to align the interest with the value of tokens. A part of these 

tokens will be used as bounties during pre-ICO, ICO and SCO. 

Advisors will receive 5% of all tokens for their insights and contacts to help 

Bankera succeed. 

 

 If the HARDCAP will not be reached during ICO, the remaining tokens will be 

distributed to pre-ICO and ICO participants pro-rata. 

8.6. REVENUE SHARE 

The value of each token will depend on the net transaction revenue commission 

share paid to token’s holder each week. The process of net transaction revenue share 

is explained below. 

First 20% of net transaction revenues will be sent to the smart contract every 

week: 



 21 

 

 

Second, the smart contract will distribute funds to holders of Bankera’s tokens 

pro-rata (to save fuel costs, token holders will have to claim their referral commission 

from the smart contract): 

 

 

This means, that if a holder has 1% of all outstanding Bankera’s tokens, he will 

receive 1% of all net transaction revenue share. 

8.7. ADDITIONAL BENEFITS 

Participants of pre-ICO and ICO contributing more than 1,000 EUR will be eligible 

to receive a Bankera’s card and IBAN account for free (initially at SpectroCoin). 

However, some restrictions might apply depending on the country of residence of the 

participant, as currently, Bankera’s products are not available globally.  

9. TIMELINE 

Upon a successful ICO, Bankera’s operator will establish banking licenses or 

partnerships and become an issuing bank for payment cards.  



 22 

In terms of revenue streams, Bankera will initially focus on core banking activities 

such as lending and payment processing. The next product option that Bankera will 

introduce will be low-cost investment options for clients via ETFs. Eventually, the bank 

will offer a full range of investment services including trading, custody and investment 

banking services for its clients. Bankera will also offer robo-advisory based wealth 

management services for its clients. 

The preliminary timeline is: pre-ICO by the end of August, the launch of the 

minimum viable product with working IBAN and payment cards support by mid-

October, a start of ICO preparations by late September, the end of ICO by the end of 

February. Bankera will offer advanced payment processing solution by summer 2018. 

Applying for a banking license or partnership by autumn 2018. Getting banking 

solutions by late 2019. Starting deposit and lending business by mid-2019. 

 

  



 23 

10. TEAM 

Bankera has assembled an expert management team with a diverse range of 

skills. These experts include experts in cryptocurrency, banking operations and 

compliance, blockchain and peer-to-peer technologies, payment processing, artificial 

intelligence, internet marketing and economics, politics and public relations. 

The management team has already achieved several milestones including having 

all the infrastructure in place to operate an electronic money platform with a 

functionality of unique IBAN codes for customers and payment cards as well as has 

managed to obtain a license of payment institution. 

 

Vytautas Karalevičius is currently completing a PhD in 

cryptocurrencies at KU Leuven University in Belgium. 

Prior to that, he received a MPhil degree in Finance from 

Cambridge University and BA degree in Business 

Finance from Durham University. He is currently 

conducting research on the potential of blockchain 

technology for securities transaction lifecycle for the 

SWIFT institute. Previously, he has worked at Bloomberg 

(London office) in management consulting. 

 

Mantas Mockevičius has more than eight years’ 

experience in managing operations and compliance for 

an electronic and digital money exchanges. He holds a 

bachelor degree in economics and master degree in 

finance. 



 24 

 

Justas Dobiliauskas has nine years’ experience in 

developing software for medium and large financial 

institutions as well as five years’ experience working with 

blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies. He is an 

expert in P2P technologies and holds a Masters Degree 

in Information Systems Security. 

 

Craig Grant – has experience in the payment processing 

industry including three years working at Skrill (now a 

part of Paysafe Group) as a senior business development 

manager. 

 

Susana Wessling has over five years of experience in 

web and graphic design. Before coming to Bankera, she 

had worked on designing social networks for startups. 

Now Susana will assist us with Bankera's website 

development and will help to ensure its usability, design, 

and overall user experience and, in turn, will help the 

company to get one step closer to becoming the bank 

for the blockchain era. 

  

Rūta Čižinauskaitė is a B2B and B2C marketing expert 

with experience in both: corporate and governmental 

sectors. Before coming to Bankera she has accumulated 

knowledge in social media, SEO, project management 

and sales while working for a startup based in Brussels, 

US Embassy and Lithuanian government. Rūta holds a 



 25 

Master’s degree in Strategic Public Relations from Lund 

and Stirling universities. 

 

Tse-Hsin Lu is an expert in digital marketing especially 

for financial services. She gained her SEO and social 

media experience while working as a leader of 

SpectroCoin market. She gained superior knowledge of 

USA, Taiwan and Belgium markets while living there. 

 


