








































Microsoft Word - Centrality Whitepaper final 2018020.docx


1 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Centrality Whitepaper 

Creating  
tomorrow,  
together 



2 

 

Contents 

 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ........................................................................................................ 3 

Purpose Meets Opportunity ........................................................................................................ 8 

Mission Impossible for Traditional Startups ................................................................................ 8 

Barriers to Mainstream Adoption of Blockchain ....................................................................... 10 

The Solution: A New Startup Life Cycle ..................................................................................... 11 

How the Centrality Platform works ........................................................................................... 13 

A Proven Business Model .......................................................................................................... 13 

Centrality in Action .................................................................................................................... 14 

App Boosting ............................................................................................................................. 15 

On Demand UI ........................................................................................................................... 15 

The Centrality Platform’s Existing Marketplace ........................................................................ 17 

The Economic Model ................................................................................................................. 23 

Technology Approach ................................................................................................................ 26 

The Centrality Platform Modules .............................................................................................. 26 

CENNZ Tokens ........................................................................................................................... 30 

Business Plan ............................................................................................................................. 40 

Centrality Platform Pte. Limited ................................................................................................ 41 

Conclusion ................................................................................................................................. 42 

Centrality Team ......................................................................................................................... 43 

The Tech Team .......................................................................................................................... 46 

Sources ...................................................................................................................................... 49 
 

 

 



3 

 

IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
 
General 

This White Paper provides a general technical overview of the proposed smart contract-based token 

generating event described in the CENNZ Tokens section of this White Paper (the "TGE") and, more 

generally, the Centrality Platform. This White Paper is for information purposes only. 

None of Centrality Platform Pte. Limited, Centrality Investments Limited, any of their associated entities, 

nor any of their employees, agents or assigns (together, the "Centrality Entities", each a "Centrality 

Entity") make any warranty or representation (to the extent permitted by law) as to the utility or value of 

CENNZ tokens (described in the CENNZ Tokens section of this White Paper) or the operation of the 

Centrality Platform. 

 
Not a regulated offer of financial products 

This White Paper, and the information contained in it and any information accompanying it, are not, 

and are under no circumstances to be construed as, an offer of financial products to any person who 

requires disclosure under Part 3 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (the "FMC Act"). This White 

Paper is not a product disclosure statement under the FMC Act and does not contain all the 

information that a product disclosure statement is required to contain under New Zealand law. Neither 

this White Paper, nor any other document, have been registered, filed with or reviewed or approved by 

any New Zealand regulatory authority or under or in accordance with the FMC Act.  

The CENNZ tokens referred to in this White Paper are not being issued with a view to being offered for 

sale in New Zealand to any person who requires disclosure under Part 3 of the FMC Act. Any offer or 

sale of any CENNZ token described in this White Paper and the information contained in or 

accompanying this White Paper in New Zealand will be made only in accordance with the FMC Act to a 

person who: 

(a) is an investment business as specified in clause 37 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act;  

(b) meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; 

(c) is large as defined in clause 39 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act;  

(d) is a government agency as defined in clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; or 

(e) is an eligible investor as defined in clause 41 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act, provided that an 
eligible investor certificate has been provided in compliance with clause 41 of Schedule 1 of 

the FMC Act. 

 

In addition, this White Paper, and the information contained in it and any information accompanying it, 

are not, and are under no circumstances to be construed as an offer to sell or issue, or a solicitation of 

an offer to purchase or subscribe for, all or any of the following financial products or instruments: 

• "securities" as defined under Sections 2(1) and/or 239(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"); 

• "futures contract" as defined under paragraph (b) of the definition of "futures contract" under 



4 

 

Section 2(1) of the SFA; 

• contracts or arrangements for the purposes of "leveraged foreign exchange trading" as 
defined under the Section 2(1) of the SFA; 

• "commodity contract" as defined under Section 2 of the Commodity Trading Act (Chapter 48A 
of Singapore) (the "CTA"); 

• contracts for the purchase or sale of any "commodity" (as defined under Section 2 of the CTA) 
by way of "spot commodity trading" (as defined under Section 2 of the CTA), 

(collectively, the "Singapore Regulated Products"). 

 
Not a retail securities offer 

Without limiting the generality of the preceding paragraph, this White Paper (including the information 

contained in it and any information accompanying it) is not, and is under no circumstances to be 

construed as an offer to sell or issue, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for, any 

securities to any retail investor in any jurisdiction. 
 

Wholesale investor warranties and selling restrictions 

Any person who applies to buy CENNZ tokens in the TGE irrevocably and unconditionally represents 

and agrees (among other matters that are set out in the subscription agreement) that: 

(a) the person is not a citizen or a resident of the United States of America or of the People’s 
Republic of China, nor a citizen or a resident of any country or jurisdiction in which the sale, 

purchase, disposal, acquisition, holding and/or trading of tokens issued pursuant to a TGE is 

not permitted by law, nor is the person located in a geographic area that is subject to the laws 

of any such country;  

(b) the person is not a citizen or a resident of, or is physically located in, the Republic of Singapore; 

(c) if the person is in New Zealand, the person meets at least one of the criteria set out in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) above; 

(d) if the person is not in New Zealand, the person is a “wholesale investor” (or the equivalent 
term) for the purposes of the securities laws in all applicable jurisdictions; 

(e) the person is not purchasing the CENNZ tokens as agent or otherwise for or on behalf of any 
other person or entity; and 

(f) the person has not: 

(i) offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any CENNZ token 
prior to the date on which Centrality Platform Pte. Limited, which will sell and issue 

the CENNZ tokens, notifies purchasers that the Centrality Platform has been 

released which will not occur until at least 3 months after the end of the TGE (the 

"Release Date"); and 

(ii) distributed and will not distribute, directly or indirectly prior to the Release Date, 
the White Paper, Centrality Platform Pte. Limited’s constitution, or any other 

offering materials or advertisements in relation to the TGE or the CENNZ tokens, 

other than to persons who meet all of the criteria set out in paragraphs (a) to (d) above, and 



5 

 

where doing so will not result in (i) the sale of the CENNZ tokens in the TGE being, or being 

viewed as, a regulated offer of financial products or securities in any country or jurisdiction, (ii) 

any contravention by any Centrality Entity or any other persons of the FMC Act, the SFA, the 

Financial Advisers Act (Chapter 110 of Singapore), the CTA or any other applicable laws or 

regulations in any country or jurisdiction or (iii) the seller and issuer of the CENNZ tokens, 

Centrality Platform Pte. Limited, or other Centrality Entities, or any of their respective directors 

and officers, incurring any liability in any country or jurisdiction. 

 
 
 
Anti-money laundering procedures 

Any person who applies to purchase CENNZ tokens in the TGE will be subject to strict anti-money 

laundering and countering the financing of terrorism checks. These are detailed in the subscription 

agreement. 

 
Limited role of Centrality Investments Limited 

Centrality Investments Limited is acting solely as an arms’ length third party organizer of the TGE and 

not in the capacity as the financial adviser or fiduciary of any person with regard to the sale of CENNZ 

tokens. 

 

No guarantee 

Neither Centrality Investments Limited nor any other person guarantees the performance of the 

Centrality Platform, the obligations of Centrality Platform Pte. Limited, nor the functionality of the 

CENNZ tokens.   

 
No other material authorised 

Save for persons who are expressly authorised by Centrality Platform Pte. Limited in writing, no person is 

authorised to give any information or to make any representation relating to the CENNZ tokens outside 

of this White Paper and the subscription agreement.  

No offer or contract 

This White Paper is not an offer or invitation to any person to purchase or otherwise deal in any CENNZ 

tokens. It does not create a contract between the Centrality Platform Pte. Limited and/or Centrality 

Investments Limited with any person. 

 

No recommendation or financial advice 

This White Paper has been prepared solely for general information purposes and not as specific advice 

to any particular prospective purchaser of CENNZ tokens. It is not an express or implied 

recommendation to any person to purchase CENNZ tokens.  

In addition, any information or documentation (including this White Paper and the subscription 

agreement) provided to you by Centrality Platform Pte. Limited and/or Centrality Investments Limited (or 

any of their affiliates), or anyone acting on their behalf, does not purport to be, and shall not in any way 

be construed as constituting, the provision of any advice or recommendation relating to any Singapore 

Regulated Product nor constitute any financial, business, accounting, legal or tax advice or 



6 

 

recommendation. 

 

Limitation of liability 

Centrality Platform Pte. Limited had no involvement with the ‘Early Contribution Round’ for CENNZ 

Round A tokens arranged by Centrality Investments Limited. Centrality Platform Pte. Limited and its 

directors will bear no responsibility or liability whatsoever for any loss or liability incurred by any person 

relating to the CENNZ Round A tokens. Centrality Platform Pte. Limited shall not have any liability in 

respect of any claim by any person (whether under law or otherwise) for any loss of business or profits, 

or in connection with any indirect or consequential loss or any punitive or aggravated damages, arising 

out of any matter or circumstances giving rise to a claim (whether under law or otherwise).   

 
Risk summary 

The purchase of CENNZ Tokens involves considerable risk. These risks are described in the ‘Risks 

Summary’, set out in the CENNZ Tokens section of this White Paper.   

 

Tax 

Holders that acquire CENNZ tokens are wholly responsible for understanding and meeting all their tax 

obligations whether of Singapore or elsewhere in relation to their acquisition, holding or disposal of 

CENNZ tokens. 

Any payments (whether in Scene Tokens (as defined in the CENNZ Tokens section of this White Paper 

below) or otherwise) that are made by Centrality Platform Pte. Limited to any holder of CENNZ tokens 

will be made after the deduction of any withholding taxes, if so applicable, whether of Singapore or 

elsewhere. If any Singapore goods and services tax at the rate of 7% is chargeable on the issuance of 

any CENNZ tokens by Centrality Platform Pte. Limited, holders that acquire such CENNZ tokens shall 

bear such Singapore goods and services tax. 

 

Reliance 

No person is entitled to rely on the contents of this White Paper or any inferences drawn from it. This 

White Paper is not intended to substitute or replace the due diligence that a purchaser should 

undertake before deciding whether or not to buy CENNZ tokens. The information in this White Paper is 

not intended to be relied upon in relation to, and must not be taken as basis for, any decision to 

subscribe for CENNZ tokens. Each recipient of this White Paper is to rely solely on their own 

knowledge, investigation judgment and assessment of the matters which are the subject of this White 

Paper and any information made available in connection with further enquiries. A person must satisfy 

itself as to the accuracy and completeness of the information contained within this White Paper before 

entering into a subscription agreement for the subscription of CENNZ tokens. 

 

While the Centrality Entities have acted in good faith and have made every effort to ensure that the 

statements made in this White Paper are reliable and accurate, and that all estimates, forecasts, 

expressions of opinion and other subjective judgments contained in this White Paper are based on 

assumptions considered to be reasonable as of the date of this White Paper, no warranty or guarantee, 

or representation (whether written, oral or otherwise) is made by the Centrality Entities with regard to 

the accuracy, completeness or suitability of the information presented in this White Paper (to the extent 



7 

 

permitted by law). This White Paper should not be relied upon, and shall not confer rights or remedies 

upon you or any other person. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Centrality Entities have 

no obligation to amend, modify or update this White Paper should any of the information presented 

herein change or subsequently become inaccurate, incomplete or unsuitable.  
 

  

White Paper may be updated from time to time 

This version of the White Paper may be updated from time to time. You should ensure you read the 

current version available here 

 

 

By accessing this White Paper, you irrevocably and unconditionally agree to be bound by all of 
the above terms.  

 
  



8 

 

Purpose Meets Opportunity 
Schumpeter's hypothesis that technology would only serve to concentrate ownership and wealth 

towards large corporations now seems prophetic1. Given the early promise of the internet era, it is 

lamentable that the bifurcation of income between the ‘haves’ and the ‘have nots’ has become 

even more profound during the internet age. 

 

Despite market growth and increased prosperity, the vast majority of traditional tech startups fail 

and the odds of their success are infinitely small even if they are executed well. Adam Smith’s 

invisible hand is powerless against the tech giants.2 Their significant head-start on data gives an 

application of artificial intelligence (AI) the potential to increase the scale of inequality and reduce 

basic human rights to a free and democratic society. 

 

We know a potential revolution is on the horizon as we escape the gravitational pull of the PC 

internet era. The internet has come, it saw and it conquered us all with the data-mining-for-

advertising model. The PC internet era had a baby and that baby is the decentralized Blockchain. 

Distributed networks on blockchain have the ability to transform the world of traditional apps, 

technology models, business models, and economic models across the entire planet - right now. 

 

While there is great promise, there is also a problem with Blockchain that is not commonly 

acknowledged. The problem is that there are hurdles that make the technology elusive for early 

stage companies and hard to adopt for regular users. Most Blockchain use cases are still in 

development and unproven. Furthermore, many of these use cases are in areas an average user 

would be hard pressed to engage with. Transactions are anonymous, so data has limited value 

without context or relevance. This makes it difficult to employ critical technology such as big data 

and machine learning in a world where these technologies are set to dominate the landscape. 

 

 

Mission Impossible for Traditional Startups 
Despite the challenges, the number of new online startups continues to grow and low barriers to 

entry create a huge fragmentation of effort. Consequently, very few startups achieve scale. At the 

same time, users are interacting with fewer applications and their expectations are very high. The 

capability a new startup needs to meet these expectations is almost impossible to achieve. 

 

Digital business models are often highly reliant on data mining for advertising and newcomers are 

starting from a very disadvantaged position compared to incumbents. Ubiquitous platforms are 

rapidly consuming new niches with their bigger, multi-disciplined and agile teams and access to 

data anticipating market movements. 

 



9 

 

“The average app loses 77% of its daily active users within the first 3 days of the install. 

Within 30 days, it’s lost 90% of DAUs. Within 90 days, it’s over 95%.” 

– Quettra Mobile intelligence report 2016 
 

 

Two key factors are working against market entrants achieving scale. Firstly, the number of digital 

start-ups out there is rapidly expanding, fragmenting user attention, capital and technical resources. 

Secondly, bigger platforms have a huge lead in user data, attention, capital and resource, which 

enables them to either predict what’s coming or copy very fast. 

 

On average, good plans, people, and businesses succeed only 1 in 10 times. This is because there 

are many components that are critical to an enterprise’s success. The best companies might have an 

80% probability of succeeding at each of them. But even with these odds, the probability of 

eventual success will be less than 20% because failing to execute on any one component can 

torpedo the entire company.3 

 

 

  Individual Event   Probability 

 

Company has sufficient capital  80% 

 

Management is capable and focused  80% 

 

Production development goes as planned  80% 

Production and component sourcing goes  

   as planned 
80% 

 

Competitors behave as expected  80% 

 

Customers want product 80% 

 

Pricing is forecasted correctly  80% 

 

Patents are issued and enforceable  80% 

 

Combine probability of success 80% 

 

 

 

 

 

 



10 

 

 

 

 

If just one of the variables drops to a 50% probability, the combined chance of success falls to 

10.5%. 
 

 
 

 

The reality is in this model, a very small percentage of people own and/or control all the assets 

and the system, in which the other 99% are effectively modern day serfs to their feudal kings and 

queens4. Therefore, the holy grail and guiding purpose for Centrality Investments Limited (Centrality 

or Centrality Investments) is to provide a platform that will create a decentralized community of 

digital  startups, successful in a world where the odds are otherwise stacked against them. 

 

In graph theory and network analysis, indicators of centrality identify the most important vertices 

within a network of decentralized points. Applications include identifying the most influential 

person(s) in a social network, key infrastructure nodes in the internet or urban networks5. 

 

The Centrality Platform described in this White Paper allows developers and entrepreneurs to find 

and create these connections between their applications and to create actions which join them 

together in new degrees of closeness. 

 

Centrality currently has 8 apps in market, generating revenue with a rapidly increasing user base. 

Many of these applications have partnerships with listed companies and major corporations to help 

accelerate growth. The Centrality Platform is already proving the benefits of sharing of data, users, 

merchants and insights to these apps. This is creating lower acquisition costs and faster scaling. 

 

Barriers to Mainstream Adoption of Blockchain 
Blockchain technology has the power to transform the way industries operate around the world. Many 

Blockchain companies are very technology-driven or trading- and fintech-centric. There is virtually no 

mainstream consumer adoption as the concepts are not familiar and the user experience and interface 

are quite technical. 

 

Even if a company decides to develop on the Blockchain, the talent pool is limited and very few start-

ups can access the talent required to create robust solutions. 

 

Many ICOs to date have been very theoretical and overtly ambitious with little real world proof of their 



11 

 

value. The high failure rates are hardly a surprise and likely to continue considering the limited practical 

use cases and user engagement strategies. This in itself represents a substantial risk to the ecosystem 

and consumer adoption. 

Blockchain companies, while often ambitious about their desire to change the system and create a 

more distributed and decentralized world, are often following the same economic model as their PC 

internet era startup companies in reality. 

 

For example, they tend to: 

1.  reproduce the boiler plate for each application over and over 

2.  require the user to onboard over and over again 

3.  follow similar isolated value creation models and customer information silos as their incumbent  

   competitors 

4.  result in fragmented capital, human resources and user attention 

 

 

The Solution: A New Startup Life Cycle 
The Centrality Platform is an ecosystem platform that supports each stage of the startup life cycle. It 

takes a human-centric approach that allows users to interact with a range of different applications with 

very low friction. The Centrality Platform allows developers to create applications which leverage the 

combined scale of the ecosystem in order to beat the incumbent startup hurdles that exist today. 

 

Technology alone does not have the power to overcome the momentum that the incumbent 

technology companies have, and with the advent of machine learning these incumbent companies 

are extending their advantage at exponential rates. Without a radical shift in the way the economic 

model behind a startup works, and without working in a different way to the typical startup model, 

the landscape is unlikely to change. 

 

Centrality’s direct customers are smart entrepreneurs who are trying to disrupt traditional value 

chains and concepts by implementing Blockchain technology 

 

The major advances in application development have been driven by platforms such as AWS and 

AZURE, providing developers with tools, services, APIs and applications which enable them to focus 

on the value-creating parts of the technology stack and user experience. 

 

However, this has further concentrated power to the platform owners which have rapidly 

consolidated. Imagine a world where the developers and customers harness the benefits from the 

services provided by a platform like AWS and the value the applications create, instead of that benefit 

being concentrated in a single central entity. 



12 

 

 

 

Centrality has built a platform, services and a library of applications that can be used as building 

blocks to create a decentralized application ("DApp") business. This component-based design gives 

startups flexibility over their product, while ensuring a standardised look and feel across all Centrality 

Platform DApps. By standardising design for all scenes, it provides participants with a clean user 

experience across the ecosystem. 

 

This component library allows start-ups to access all of the tools from the Centrality Platform toolkit, 

including Login with Blockchain, Hybrid Wallet, Blockchain Everywhere, API / SDK, Common 

Microservices, Big Data Platform, Smart Contract Generator and Token Factory. 

 

In addition to these tools, users can seamlessly move between applications without being subjected to 

traditional approaches to customer application onboarding. This creates a network of interconnected 

DApps that users can transition between in a human-centric way. 

 

Being part of the Centrality Platform allows start-ups to create commercial connections using smart 

contracts with other DApps who will help them grow. This avoids the cost and speed implications 

of traditional commercial integrations and partnerships. 

 
 
The Centrality Platform helps Blockchain developers circumvent the  
startup model by: 

1. Providing a place to incubate their DApp on a consortium platform where constraints of 
performance and cost associated with public chains don’t exist 

2. Providing the boilerplate services to get their applications up and running fast with minimal 
effort 

3. Providing a market place for different applications to share in the user pool, the data pool, 
the merchant pool, and the content pool across the platform to overcome traditional ‘chicken 

and egg’ scale issues 

4. Enabling a machine learning framework that can help connect users in one application to a 
relevant experience in another in real time to increase engagement 

5. Enabling decentralized applications to be built TGE (ICO) ready with integrated 
assessment/advisory investment banking support services 

6. Providing access to post TGE services such as exchange listing, ongoing reporting and 
performance monitoring 

 

 



13 

 

How the Centrality Platform works 
 

 

The Centrality Platform creates the technological ‘foundation’ for DApps. 

Centrality Platform will receive an allocation of any tokens issued by each 

application it powers in return for delivering the core technology and 

ecosystem. Developers create modules to add to the service catalogue that 

the Centrality Platform provides. 
 

 

 

 

Various DApps plug into t h e  Centrality Platform. Each DApp uses the 

CENNZ token to purchase modules for their app, create connections to 

users, data, content, merchants, and tokens in the ecosystem. 

 

 

 

DApps across different use cases work together to acquire users, data, 

merchants and content. The use of smart contracts across the Centrality 

Platform ensures different companies can trust each-other. 

 

 

 

Each DApp is 100% focused on creating i t s  own businesses, partnering 

and on-boarding users, whilst Centrality Platform focuses on powering the 

core technology and design 

 

 

 

 

A Proven Business Model 
Centrality has already proven the business model and technology. Within 6 months of being 

established, Centrality delivered its platform technology phase 1 and received a stake in more than 

10 real applications. These businesses are at varying levels of maturity, with several generating 

combined revenue in the multi-million dollar range. 

Centrality raised over 40,000 ETH in its pre-sale to continue to expand its network around the world. 



14 

 

Centrality has received a non-refundable research grant from the New Zealand Government of up 

to $15m over 3 years. 

 

Centrality has also formed strategic development partnerships with top tier blockchain companies 

such as SingularDTV and Blockhaus AG. 

 

Centrality in Action 
Centrality has been able to connect a range of applications to t he Centrality Platform that are both 

DApp and hybrid using “Blockchain Everywhere” micro services. This solution allows developers 

to deliver a wide range of block chain connected use cases that a user would consume on a daily 

basis, without having to compromise on the quality of experience nor the application 

performance. 

 

These applications are grouped into one of ten ‘Scenes’ with the aim that a consumer will interact with 

at least one application in each scene and to create their own group of DApp experiences they can use 

to navigate. 

 

 
 

 



15 

 

App Boosting 
 

Different applications on the Centrality Platform can help each other grow by connecting users to 

relevant services across the ecosystem. Applications can lower their costs of scaling by sharing from the 

marketplace of services, merchants, content and user. 

 

 
 

 

On Demand UI 
When applications are developed with the Centrality Software Development KIT ("SDK") on the 

Centrality Platform, a user can transition between and transact with different applications or services 

seamlessly without needing to download or install another application from the app store, sign-in, or 

create a profile. 

 

In the example below, a Belong customer has provided its staff with a discounted ticket to an 

event as a reward. Belong has connected with another Centrality powered application, UShare, a 



16 

 

decentralized multi-modal, real time, transport application. The app connector tool allows Belong 

to offer a ride to the event via UShare. 

 

When the user clicks on this option the full UShare native application is installed on the fly, in less 

than 5 seconds in their current app interface and populated with the user's profile, wallet, meta 

data from their profile. 

 

The user can now book the ride without having to install from the app store, create a profile, add 

payment details or insert the address of their destination. 

 

Belong and UShare both share in the upside of this connection via a smart contract they created. 

 

 

 



17 

 

The Centrality Platform’s Existing Marketplace 
 

 

Skoot is a travel experience marketplace with a virtual companion 

designed for inbound visitors and free independent travelers. It uses 

patented technology to help users find interesting things to do, drive 

safely and stay connected to their loved ones whilst on the move. 

Skoot also helps affiliate partners such as rental vehicle and camper hire 

companies generate new revenue opportunities as well as improving 

operational efficiency with data gathered in-vehicle. The Skoot 

marketplace allows traditional tourism operators to streamline their 

supply chains and enables a peer to peer market place for individuals 

to offer experiences in their spare time. 

 

Centrality owns 50% of Skoot. 

 

 

 

 

 

Belong is an employee engagement platform and marketplace which 

helps businesses provide rewards (or ‘perks’) for employees, including a 

non-fiat currency to enable non-salary based incentives. Belong also 

has a powerful financial services engine for managing group and 

personal insurance plans, claims and entitlements. Belong acts as a 

digital brokerage, leveraging its unique employer-provided user 

insights to target and sell. 

 

Centrality owns 25% of Belong. 



18 

 

 

 

UShare is a multi-modal on demand transport application. UShare 

works across taxi services, rental vehicles, electric bikes and public 

transport. UShare is changing the way ride sharing works by creating 

a modern day co-operative between providers and users. As providers 

provide services, they earn tokens in the ecosystem creating an 

ongoing revenue stream as technology evolves into automated 

services. 

 

Centrality owns 25% of UShare. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Merge is a time management system for city dwellers. Simply tell 

Merge when you want to leave, or when you want to arrive at your 

destination. Set when you’d like to get notified and Merge will let 

you know when it’s the best time to go. Merge uses smart technology 

and an incentive model to schedule the time users travel to maximize 

the throughput of a network. 

 

Merge enables a real-time vehicle insurance model. Centrality owns 

100% of Merge. 



19 

 

 

 

 

FeedMi is a DApp that lets you jump in the queue for busy restaurants, 

from anywhere you want, pay right from your table, and order pick up or 

home delivery. 

 

FeedMi enables restaurants to improve their profitability by offering real 

time demand management and insights to help optimize their business. 

On average a venue can save $30,000 per year in costs. 

 

Centrality owns 25% of FeedMi. 

 

 

 

 

 

SingularX is a distributed cryptocurrency and token trading platform. 

SingularX lets users trade crypto assets, make markets and convert 

crypto currencies. Because SingularX is not a centralized exchange, it is 

resilient to service-disrupting attacks and fraud. 

 

Centrality owns 50% of SingularX. 



20 

 

 

Blockhaus is building the world's leading Blockchain-based financial 

investment banking platform for tokenised ecosystems. The Blockhaus 

consortium was founded by the people behind the global powerhouses 

in global Blockchain, MME and SingularDTV. 

 

Centrality developed the Blockhaus investment banking technology. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Pocketpos is a merchant point of sales aggregator providing access 

to run campaigns, offers and vouchers and payments to businesses 

and have them redeemed at thousands of retailers and vendors own 

point of sales (POS) solutions. This allows users to complete the 

purchase loop with cryptocurrencies directly with retailers own POS 

software without having to integrate directly. 

 

Centrality owns 100% of Pocketpos.



21 

 

 

 

 

Aimy is changing the way you approach health and wellbeing. Aimy 

gives you the freedom to workout on your own terms. The app helps 

you challenge like-minded training partners and find fitness experts and 

activities that match your profile. 

Aimy is a decentralized machine learning coach. Aimy can run totally 

independently from the internet and if you choose, can send zero 

knowledge data to the cloud to help improve the AI which is pushed 

out to the clients. Aimy rewards participants for helping train it further. 

Aimy can help optimise insurance pricing for its users. 

Aimy is powered by patented technology from ARDA.AI the world leader 

in virtual coaching and Centrality owns 10% of the company that owns 

Arda, Performance Lab Technologies Limited.  

 

Centrality owns 90% of AIMY. 

 

 

 

City On is the consumer proposition for the smart city platform 

enabling user-centric commerce activations by merchants, promoters 

and brand partners. It is an aggregator of city services and applications 

including direct events, food and beverage, experiences, health, 

fitness, venue, transport, parking, rideshare, bike share and brand 

partnerships. It is an application designed to help make it easy to get 

around the city, find interesting things to do, as well as book and pay 

for them. City On is 51% owned by QMS (ASX Listed) who will 

leverage City On to connect users to its substantial APAC outdoor and 

transport media assets. 

 

Centrality owns 49% of City On. 



22 

 

 

PayCheck helps companies pay their teams in crypto currencies. 

Schedule payments and automatically convert currency on the fly for 

the user. 

 

Centrality owns 30% of PayCheck. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Blockeeper helps blockchain companies comply with tax regulation by 

connecting their transactions to popular accounting software. 

Blockeeper can act as a standalone book keeping service to keep track 

of payments and cashflows. 

 

Centrality owns 30% of Blockeeper. 



23 

 

The Economic Model 
Centrality has partnered with a number of marketplace use cases that will prompt consumers and 

brands to transact with and through the Centrality Platform. Through experimentation, Centrality 

Platform plans to iterate on the product with applications that create unique three-sided 

marketplaces for users, developers and investors. On the supply side, both bots or content creators 

will create unique experiences. On the demand side, users will consume these products or services. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Transaction Driven 

Helping to create the 

internet of value. 

Shared Application Framework 

Our unique Blockchain UX 

obscures the hard-technical parts 

of Blockchain. 

Equitable Value Exchange 

DApps across different use 

cases work together to 

acquire users, data, 

merchants and content.

 

Centrality turns the traditional funding method on its head. Traditionally when somebody invests 

money into a business, that money is used to build technology from scratch. This often results in 

duplication of components that already exist elsewhere, making it hard to scale efficiently without a 

huge investment. 

 

With the Centrality Platform, the startup’s dollar goes further because it gains access to a network, 

lowering the cost of acquisition per user, accelerating growth and providing a better, lower risk return. 

 

The Centrality Platform aims to solve the issues with Schumpeter's hypothesis by ensuring that every 

participant in the ecosystem will gain value from their participation. 

 



24 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

In the future, each time an application introduces a new user into the ecosystem, and that user 

transacts with other DApps the original application that originated that user will be recognized with 

CENNZ. 

 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 

 

Each application created will allocate a number of their initial tokens to Centrality Platform, and 

Centrality Platform will have the discretion to airdrop these to the holders of CENNZ tokens. 

 

The ‘Centrality Effect’ will mean both users and DApps who hold CENNZ tokens share the utility 

created by the Centrality Platform. Everyone is incentivized to continue to drive activity to share in the 

mutual success. 

 

DApp ("DApp X") transfers CENNZs to another 

DApp ("DApp Y") in recognition for DApp Y 

originating users onto the Platform which enter 

into transactions on DApp X via smart contract. 

 

User joins application 

 

When Scene’s application 

is published and live it 

begins to receive tokens 

as it onboards users  which  

transact with other DApps 

on the platform. 

Scene uses tokens to 

build application 

Scene joins Centrality 

and purchases tokens 

 



25 

 

The Scene companies must pay Centrality Platform an access fee denominated in CENNZ tokens to access 

the Centrality Platform. In addition, Centrality Platform will earn revenue denominated in CENNZ tokens from 

developers who pay to use platform services in their applications. Centrality Platform also shares in the value 

of the ecosystem’s token basket by receiving an allocation of each DApp’s native tokens (if they are issued). 

 

 
Monetization of the different platform layers 
 

 

 

 

 
Layers Fees 

Top layer DApps taking advantage 
of DApps in the middle two layers 
in order to provide their own users 
with value 

Share of value 
created 

Middle layer Centrality value 
added modules 

Services fees 
paid in CENNZ 
tokens 

Base layer Centrality open 
modules, core profiles, wallets etc 

Free of charge 

Foundation built on a consortium 
Ethereum Blockchain 

 



26 

 

Technology Approach 
We have created a platform that helps applications become a part of the Blockchain and have wide 

spread consumer adoption by building a range of components that overcome multiple hurdles. 

 

 
 

 

The Centrality Platform Modules 
 

Hybrid Consortium Chain 

The Ethereum network currently operates on a Proof of Work Blockchain. Future versions of 

Ethereum will work to improve throughput and scalability. The current average or block time is 

approximately 17 seconds. 

 

The number of daily transactions on the Ethereum network has been growing. Currently, the 

number of daily transactions is as high as 1,000,000, with costs over $2 per transaction and wait 

times over 2 mins for conformation and this volume is expected to continue increasing as new 

applications and users continue to enter the Ethereum ecosystem. 



27 

 

 

The current throughput of Ethereum is approximately 8.5 transactions per second or approximately 

740,000 daily transactions. Over time, the Ethereum network can also adjust to higher volume 

conditions for additional throughput. 

 

Ethereum transaction confirmation times result in an application experience that mainstream users 

are not typically familiar with. Ethereum Blockchain requires fees to be paid for every transaction. 

Fees are paid in Ether cryptocurrency, creating an adoption barrier for the average user. 

 

The Centrality Platform has implemented and runs a consortium chain based on Ethereum with 

several improvements for better performance and security. The design will (1) reduce latency and 

congestion, (2) avoid network fees when creating transactions, and (3) avoid stress on the public 

network due to large transaction volumes. 

 
Blockchain Everywhere Microservices 
 

With a complex set of applications across the Centrality ecosystem, not all applications are 

comprised 100% of services which are suited to operating in a DApp context. For example, it 

wouldn’t be practical to capture, write and process all the data for a real-time ride share matching 

service. However, these services need to be able to interact with Blockchain services in order to 

form a cohesive application and user experience. 

 

In the Centrality ecosystem, all services have their own private key and public address. They can 

interact with the chain (event), store data and retrieve data from the chain. This also provides the 

mechanism for secure communication. Data storage will depend on the application’s requirements, 

with a bias towards storing in-chain where it makes sense to the user experience and economic 

model. This allows developers to build complex services that can transparently interact with pure 

Blockchain components. 

 
Token Factory 

In order to facilitate the graduation from the Centrality consortium chain into a public chain application 

or its own TGE, each application will be encouraged to create a native token when joining the 

Centrality Platform. These tokens will be ERC20 compatible, which support the interaction and 

standards with the existing infrastructure of the Ethereum ecosystem. 

 

Once an application wishes to enter the main chain, their “pre token” can be exchanged for a new 

token if the token owners wish to change the structure of the token. 

 

 



28 

 

Login with Blockchain 

In order to enable users to move seamlessly between DApps within the ecosystem and to carry 

their profile data to new interactions, a single user profile is required. 

 

That user’s unique Ethereum address will be the user’s ID throughout the whole ecosystem. 

 

Users will always own their own personal information. When a user signs up, their profile will be 

created and stored on the chain via a smart contract. This smart contract address will be given to 

the user. When a user wants to access a new DApp they just need to click the onboard button and 

the platform will supply the profile address to the new DApp. 

 

DApps always have the latest user information. When a user updates their profile, they only need to 

update the information inside the existing smart contract, rather than updating each app 

individually. 

 

Login with Blockchain allows users to use their Blockchain profile to connect to non Blockchain 

applications. 

 
 
Hybrid Wallet 

The Hybrid Wallet is the portal to the decentralized world. T h e  Centrality Platform has developed 

a hybrid wallet which operates both as a traditional fiat currency payment wallet and a 

cryptocurrency wallet. This wallet can work inside a DApp or traditional platform application, 

allowing businesses to transition their user base to Blockchain enabled platforms smoothly.  

 

Checkout, Shopping Cart, Wishboard 

Centrality has created a shopping cart and checkout module that allows for a combination of fiat 

and cryptocurrency payments including real time conversions. Centrality Platform shopping carts 

follow the user between applications. It is the user’s cart, as opposed to belonging to the 

application.  Any products from any application can be combined into a single shopping cart. 

 
 
User Onboarding Wizards and User Management Console 

Centrality has created modules to allow applications to onboard users and performs user management, 

permissions controls and reporting. 

 
 
Content, Inventory Management and Creation 



29 

 

Centrality has created modules to allow the creation, management and publishing of content and 

inventory blocks. Attributes can be assigned to these blocks and they can then be combined to 

create a wide range of products and offer types. Content, blocks and products can be shared 

amongst the different applications. 

 
Big Data and Machine Learning interface 
 

One of the keys to startup success is meaningful data. Currently, all Blockchain data is anonymous 

and analysis on the chain is very slow. Centrality’s Big Data engine enables applications to provide 

reporting, data analysis, machine learning and artificial intelligence services to users where these 

users have consented to this. 

 
API and SDK 
 

In order to enable users to move between applications instantly, without the need to visit an app 

store, we have designed an SDK that allows developers to create applications which interact across 

the marketplace. This helps maintain a consistent user experience across the ecosystem for common 

components. Platforms are successful when there is a commonly understood user experience. Users 

already have a learning curve to understand the way DApps work. Like Apple has shown, providing 

a common design language for users across many applications will help Blockchain applications 

establish mainstream scale. This React & React Native (Javascript ES6) compliant SDK includes wallet 

features (balance, transfer, sign & receive etc), identity and a user profile SDK for getting user’s 

profile, authentication, interaction with DApps. 

 
 
Application Marketplace 

Centrality applications will be more successful when they work together to grow the ecosystem. 

The application marketplace will allow the creators of different applications to create connections 

between each other where there is mutual benefit. For example, a ride hail application may work 

with a food ordering application to reach more customers or reduce the cost of delivery. 

 
App Connector Engine 

In order to connect different applications together, a flow will need to exist between them. The 

Centrality SDK will allow different applications to specify where they want to flow from one 

process in their application to a different process inside another application. 

 
Smart Contract Generator 

To allow different applications to trust each other in marketplace, Centrality allows different 

applications to create commercial relationships with each other via smart contracts. A range of 

template contracts will be available or new contracts can be designed and provided to the marketplace 

by developers 



30 

 

 

CENNZ Tokens 
Overview 
 

Centrality Platform Pte. Limited (referred to hereinafter as the "Issuer") will issue fully-functional ERC20 

‘utility’ tokens CENNZ main tokens (the "CENNZ tokens" or "CENNZ") in a smart-contract based TGE.  

 

CENNZ is the native token of the Centrality Platform. CENNZ will be used to help connect 

applications built on the Centrality P latform modules, linking the customer information to different 

processes. CENNZ is also the fuel for the Centrality ecosystem, used to access the network services, 

purchase modules to build applications from and to enter commercial agreements between 

application developers assured by smart contracts. 

 

Utility: CENNZ is a utility token in the sense that you need CENNZ to operate many of the 

modules/applications in the Centrality ecosystem and to create smart contracts with other 

applications.  

 

Recognition payments: DApp ("DApp X") may make transfers of CENNZs to another DApp ("DApp 

Y") in recognition for DApp Y originating users onto the Platform which enter into transactions on 

DApp X. Access and associated services will be provided to CENNZ holders, and such recognition 

payments in CENNZs will be effected, in each case by the automatic execution of smart contracts. 

 

Shared Success: CENNZ holders have the ability to share in the success of each individual DApp 

by being allocated the Issuer’s Scene Companies native tokens by air drop on a discretionary 

basis. This allows all CENNZ holder to participate in the success of the each DApp in the 

ecosystem.  

 

Please see the Centrality Platform Pte. Limited section of this White Paper for further information about 

the Issuer.  

 

Implementation and ERC20 
 

CENNZ will be implemented on the public Ethereum Blockchain as an ERC20 token.  

The Ethereum Blockchain is currently the industry standard for issuing custom digital assets and 

smart contracts. The ERC20 token interface allows for the deployment of a standard token that is 

compatible with the existing infrastructure of the Ethereum ecosystem, such as development tools, 



31 

 

wallets, and exchanges. Ethereum’s ability to deploy Turing- complete trustless smart contracts 

enables complex issuance rules for cryptocurrencies, digital financial contracts, and automated 

incentive structures.  
 

 

Features and Functionalities of the CENNZ tokens 
 

CENNZ tokens will entitle holders to the following rights: 

1. the right to access the Centrality Platform, as detailed in the How the Centrality Platform works 
section of this White Paper;  

2. the right for holders’ decentralized blockchain applications’ (also referred to as DApps) to 
access the Centrality Platform and related services, including services provided by other Dapps, 

provided that the monthly access fee in CENNZ is paid to the Issuer; 

3. the opportunity (but not right or entitlement) to receive an airdrop of the Issuer’s allocation of 
the Scene Companies’ own native tokens (the "Scene Tokens") generated in their own future 

token generating events if the Issuer exercises its discretion to make an airdrop. 

 

Please note: 

(a) CENNZ token holders will have no legal or beneficial ownership of the intellectual property 
comprising the Centrality Platform, nor in the shares or other assets of the Issuer. CENNZ tokens 

are not designed to be securities and do not constitute, nor are they characterised as, any of the 

Singapore Regulated Products.  

(b) For the avoidance of doubt, this White Paper, and the information contained in it and any 
information accompanying it, are not, and are under no circumstances to be construed as an 

offer to sell or issue, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for, any Scene Tokens. 

 

CENNZ tokens are also subject to the selling restrictions described more specifically in the ‘Important 

Information’ section in the beginning of this White Paper, including: 

1. that no person who subscribes for CENNZ tokens in the TGE will sell, dispose or otherwise 
distribute CENNZ tokens prior to the Release Date, except in the circumstances described in 

the section “Wholesale Investor warranties and selling restrictions”; and 

2. that no person who subscribes for CENNZ tokens in the TGE will sell, dispose or otherwise 
distribute CENNZ tokens to any person who is not a wholesale investor within the meaning of 

clause 3(2) of schedule 1 of the FMC Act. 

In the TGE subscription agreement, each applicant for CENNZ tokens indemnifies the Centrality Entities 

for any loss, cost, liability or expense sustained or incurred by the Centrality Entities as a result of the 

breach by it of these selling restrictions.  

 
Overview of the TGE 



32 

 

 

The Issuer will undertake a TGE to sell circa 840,000,000 CENNZ main tokens to qualifying wholesale 

purchasers. This number represents 70% of the total supply of CENNZ tokens of circa 1.2 billion.  

 

To purchase CENNZ tokens in the TGE, an applicant must enter into a subscription agreement and 

meet the eligibility criteria which includes KYC/AML compliance. 

 

The TGE will commence on 15 January 2018 and end on 15 February 2018, subject to any variation or 

extension granted by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion.  

 

The proceeds of the TGE will be used to finance the ongoing development and maintenance of the 

Centrality Platform and associated services. The timing and volumes of CENNZ tokens sold in 

the TGE during the TGE period will be determined by the Issuer in view of prevailing market 

dynamics. At the conclusion of the TGE, the 840,000,000 distributed CENNZ will constitute the 

entirety of the available liquid supply post lockdown date. 

 

The aim of the TGE is to raise the equivalent of USD $100 million for application in accordance with the 

following forecast schedule:  

 
 

Year Inflow 
Existing 

Team 
Expansion 

Organic 
Expansion 

Acquisitions 
Total 

Outflow 
Net 

Investment 

2018 3,608,250 4,350,484 28,694,659 18,375,000 51,420,143 (47,811,893) -     45,103,731 -       1,022,276 
 

2019 17,161,500 5,465,296 42,137,435 14,662,500 62,265,231 (45,103,731) 

2020 56,525,000 6,124,831 47,222,445 4,200,000 57,547,276 (1,022,276) 

 
 
 
CENNZ Token Allocations in the TGE 
 

In addition to the CENNZ tokens issued to wholesale purchasers, described in this section of this White 

Paper, a further approximately 240 million CENNZ will be issued to Centrality Investments as 

consideration for the arrangement with Centrality Platform Pte. Limited in respect of the intellectual 

property comprised in the Centrality Platform made on an arm’s length basis. Centrality Investments 

will not be able to sell or otherwise deal with its CENNZ tokens until after the second anniversary date 

of the Release Date. 



33 

 

 

 Token All 
 

Centrality  20% 240,000,000 
 

Developers  5%    60,000,000 
 

Centrality Platform  5%    60,000,000 
 

Total Tokens 1,200,000,000 
 

 

An additional circa 60 million CENNZ has been allocated to developers to ensure that they have a 

personal incentive to grow the platform moving forward. 

 

The remaining circa 60 million CENNZ will be retained by the Issuer (Centrality Platform Pte. Limited)  

and released slowly to fund growth of  the Centrality ecosystem strategically by supporting the 

following four broad purposes:  

1. Operational costs, infrastructure, developers 

2. Sourcing and funding revolutionary start-ups and participants that will enhance the 
Centrality Platform and ecosystem for all participants. (Note that holders of CENNZ tokens will 

not have any ownership stake in the businesses acquired.) 

3. Supporting and growing the Blockchain and Centrality developer community 

4. Marketing and PR for the Centrality platform 

 

Lock-down on CENNZ trading post-issue 
 

There will be a minimum 6 week lockdown where CENNZ holders cannot trade CENNZ tokens 

post issue.  

Centrality Investments Limited and the platform developers that receive allocations described in 

Implementation and ERC20 Section will be subject to a 24 month lockdown period. 

Following t h e  lockdown period, Centrality Platform Pte. Limited will limit its supply of CENNZ to 

the market at a set rate e.g. 6,000,000 CENNZ or 10% of the total supply per month.  

 

Risks summary 
 

The key risks summarized in this section are not intended to be an exhaustive list of the risks that may 

apply to you as a purchaser or holder of CENNZ tokens. You should read these key risks and consider 

whether you are willing to assume such risks before you agree to subscribe for CENNZ tokens.  



34 

 

 

No assurance of returns or benefits: There can be no assurance that CENNZ tokens holders will be able 

to receive a return of their capital or any returns or benefits. Any purchase of CENNZ tokens should 

therefore only be considered by persons who can afford a loss of their entire investment or holdings in 

the CENNZ tokens. 

 

Market risk: The value of cryptocurrencies, can go down as well as up. The emergence of a new business 

model can create opportunities for users and investors, but any young market carries significant risks for 

all of its participants. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors 

may not recover the full amount invested.  

 

Regulatory risk: Regulation of digital tokens (including the CENNZ tokens) and token offerings such as 

this, cryptocurrencies (including Ether), blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges are 

relatively undeveloped and likely to rapidly evolve, and vary significantly among various jurisdictions and 

are subject to significant uncertainty.  

 

New or changing laws and regulations or interpretations of existing laws and regulations may adversely 

impact the liquidity and market price of CENNZ tokens, your ability to access marketplaces on which to 

trade CENNZ tokens, the Issuer’s or the Centrality Entities’ ability to operate as an ongoing concern and 

the structure, rights and transferability of CENNZ tokens. The ability of a holder to access, use, transfer 

and exchange its (or his or her) CENNZ tokens may be affected by changes to legislation, regulatory 

guidance or actions, and judicial decisions in Singapore and in other countries. Therefore, there can be 

no assurance that any new or continuing regulatory scrutiny or initiatives will not have an adverse impact 

on the value of CENNZ tokens and otherwise impede the Issuer’s or the Centrality Entities’ activities.  

 

No regulatory protection: The Issuer is not licensed or approved by the Monetary Authority of Singapore 

nor the International Enterprise Singapore, and currently there is no intention for the Issuer to apply for 

any financial services license or regulatory approval under the laws and regulations of Singapore. In 

addition, the CENNZ tokens do not constitute, and are not characterised as, any of the Singapore 

Regulated Products. Therefore, CENNZ tokens holders will not be able to invoke or avail themselves of 

any regulatory protection or remedies applicable in respect of such Singapore Regulated Products under 

the laws and regulations of Singapore, in relation to their purchase, holding or trading of CENNZ tokens. 

 

Legal risk: There is little or no precedent on how existing law might treat the issue, fungibility, settlement 

finality, transfer, collateralization, sequestration, loan, hypothecation, redemption or other disposition of 

CENNZ tokens. There is also little or no precedent on how existing law might treat the rights and 

obligations between and among the Issuer and the CENNZ token subscribers or holders. The occurrence 

of any related issue or dispute could have a material adverse effect on the Centrality Platform, the 

Centrality Entities, the Issuer’s business and/or the CENNZ tokens. New developments in the law and 

regulations may also adversely affect the legal or regulatory treatment of the CENNZ tokens or the 



35 

 

Centrality Platform and/or the Issuer’s or the Centrality Entities’ businesses. 

 

Tax risk: The tax characterization of CENNZ tokens is uncertain and a subscriber should consult its own 

tax advisor regarding the tax consequences of their acquisition, holding or disposal of CENNZ tokens.  

An investment in CENNZ tokens may result in adverse tax consequences to subscribers.  Each potential 

subscriber should consult with and must rely upon the advice of its own tax advisor with respect to the 

tax consequences whether of Singapore or elsewhere of an investment in CENNZ tokens. 

 

Issuer risk: The Issuer was incorporated on 4 January 2018 and has not commenced operations. The 

Issuer is subject to all of the business risks and uncertainties associated with any new business.  

 

Lack of voting and liquidation rights: CENNZ tokens do not carry any voting, management or control 

rights or other management or control rights in the Issuer. Accordingly, the shareholder of the Issuer will 

control decisions of the Issuer, including any significant corporate transactions, or the election to liquidate 

or dissolve the Issuer. In addition, upon a liquidation, bankruptcy or other dissolution of the Issuer, 

CENNZ token holders will highly likely not be entitled to liquidation rights or other claims.  

 

Key Person risk: Whilst Centrality Investments Limited and Centrality Platform Pte. Limited takes an 

active role to managing key man risk through training, systemization, and succession planning there is 

still a risk that loss of a key team member could cause delays to CENNZ platform development and 

thus having a detrimental effect on price of CENNZ tokens. 

 

Technology and Coding risk: Blockchain and smart contract technology is still in an early development 

stage and its application of experimental nature which carries significant operational and technological 

risks. It is possible that the TGE smart contract system or the early contribution smart contract system, or 

elements of the Centrality Platform, could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities or bugs which could cause, 

inter alia, the complete loss of the holder’s utility and/or the value of the CENNZ tokens by impacting 

the operation and functionality of the Centrality Platform. Outside actors may exploit such errors or 

vulnerabilities for personal gain or the Centrality Platform may be affected in any event without such 

action. 

 

Platform risk: While the Issuer and Centrality Investments are procuring the development of the Centrality 

Platform, there is no assurance that the Centrality Platform will be designed or completed in the manner 

described in this Whitepaper and if Centrality Platform is completed, there is no assurance as to the 

continued operation and functioning of the Centrality Platform. The Platform is subject to change and no 

representation is given that the any function or aspect of the Centrality Platform will continue to be 

provided or made available at any time 

 



36 

 

Trading/Valuation risk: As a utility token, the inherent value of CENNZ tokens is derived from the 

successful operation of the Centrality Platform. CENNZ tokens are not pegged to any fiat currency (legal 

tender backed by a sovereign government) nor any cryptocurrency, and the exchange value from time-

to-time given to CENNZ tokens on third-party exchanges may not always reflect your intrinsic valuation 

of the CENNZ tokens. The risk of loss when purchasing or disposing of CENNZ tokens could be 

substantial and losses may compound quickly (including up to total loss). As a token built on top of the 

Ethereum network, the value of CENNZ tokens may be affected by the valuation from time-to-time of 

Ether against fiat currencies and other cryptocurrencies. 

 

Illiquidity risk: No CENNZ tokens will be issued after the TGE, although the reserves held by the Issuer 

and the CENNZ tokens held by Centrality Investments will be released over time to the market. Should 

you wish to temporarily, permanently or partially exit the Centrality Platform ecosystem, you may be 

unable to liquidate your position by exchanging CENNZ tokens for fiat currency or cryptocurrency as 

there may not be a willing buyer for your CENNZ tokens both in terms of price and volume. Holders have 

no right to redeem or sell their CENNZ tokens. Although Centrality intend to list the CENNZ tokens on 

several cryptocurrency exchanges, there can be no assurance that such exchanges will accept the listing 

of CENNZ tokens or maintain the listing if it is accepted. There can be no assurance that a secondary 

market will develop or, if a secondary market does develop, that it will provide the holders with liquidity 

of investment or that it will continue for the life of the CENNZ tokens. There is also no guarantee from 

any central bank or centralized authority for CENNZ tokens that ensures you will be able to redeem your 

CENNZ tokens for fiat currency or cryptocurrency. Furthermore, the digital token market is a new and 

rapidly developing market which may be subject to substantial and unpredictable disruptions that cause 

significant volatility in the prices of digital tokens. There is no assurance that the market, if any, for the 

CENNZ tokens will be free from such disruptions or that any such disruptions may not adversely affect a 

CENNZ tokenholder’s ability to sell its CENNZ tokens. 

 

Network risk: CENNZ tokens are ERC20 compliant tokens built on top of the Ethereum network, a 

decentralized network containing, among other things, both cryptocurrency and smart contract 

protocols. Neither Centrality Investments, the Issuer nor any their associated entities have control over 

the Ethereum network, including confirmations of transactions and execution of smart contracts on the 

network. Should the Ethereum network experience temporary or permanent issues, including network 

slowdowns or transaction confirmation delays, this is likely to affect the ability of CENNZ holders to freely 

use CENNZ tokens within the Centrality ecosystem and could impair the usability of the Centrality 

Platform generally.  

 

Cyber security risk: The nature of CENNZ tokens and the Ethereum network may lead to an increased 

risk of fraud or cyber attack and may mean that technological difficulties experienced by the developers 

and users of the Centrality Platform ecosystem could prevent access to or use of your CENNZ tokens. 

For example, it is possible that an unauthorised third party could exploit a coding vulnerability in the 

Centrality Platform code and damage, interrupt or otherwise attack it.  

 



37 

 

Private Key risk: Extreme caution must be taken whenever selecting, storing or transmitting private keys 

for CENNZ tokens. You are responsible for the storage of your CENNZ tokens. If another person obtains 

access to your private keys, they can steal your CENNZ tokens or other cryptocurrency you use to 

purchase CENNZ tokens. Furthermore, if you lose access to your private keys, neither Centrality 

Investments, the Issuer, nor any other entity, will be able to recover your lost CENNZ tokens or 

cryptocurrency. If you hold CENNZ tokens on a cryptocurrency exchange, the private keys to those 

CENNZ tokens is held by that exchange. Should that exchange be hacked or otherwise compromised, 

your CENNZ tokens may be stolen or otherwise become inaccessible. We strongly recommend that you 

store your CENNZ tokens privately (and not via exchanges) and use cold storage techniques to better 

secure your CENNZ tokens.  

 

Wallet risk: In addition to the private key risk described above, you should store your CENNZ tokens in 

an ERC20 compliant hardware or software wallet. Should you attempt to send CENNZ tokens to a wallet 

type that does not support CENNZ tokens, your CENNZ tokens may be lost forever.  

 

Broker, dealer or exchange insolvency risk: There is risk that brokers, dealers, exchanges or wallets could 

become insolvent or otherwise become insecure. There may be practical or timing problems associated 

with enforcing the rights to assets in the case of an insolvency or security disruption of any such party.   

 

Financial risk: If the solvency of the Issuer and/or any of the Centrality Entities is impaired, the ongoing 

viability of the Centrality Platform and the utility and value of the CENNZ tokens may be impaired. 

 

General risks: 

 

The growth of the blockchain industry in general, as well as the blockchain networks on which the Issuer 

rely, is subject to a high degree of uncertainty. The performance of the Centrality Platform is subject to 

the following uncertainties, among others:  

(i) worldwide growth in the adoption and use of BTC, ETH and other blockchain technologies;  

(ii) government and quasi-government regulation of BTC, ETH and other blockchain assets and 
their use, or restrictions on or regulation of access to and operation of blockchain networks 

or similar systems;   

(iii) the maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the BTC or ETH 
networks;  

(iv) changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences;  

(v) the availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and 
services, or trading assets including new means of using fiat currencies or existing networks;  

(vi) general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to cryptocurrencies 
and digital tokens;  



38 

 

(vii) hacking and theft of cryptocurrencies and digital tokens; and  

(viii) popularity or acceptance of the BTC or ETH networks and the emergence of new 
cryptocurrencies, digital tokens and blockchain networks. 

The price of Bitcoin, Ether, digital tokens and other blockchain assets are subject to dramatic fluctuations. 

Several factors may affect price, including, but not limited to:  

(i) global blockchain asset supply;  

(ii)  global blockchain asset demand, which can be influenced by the growth of retail merchants’ 
and commercial businesses’ acceptance of blockchain assets like cryptocurrencies as 

payment for goods and services, the security of online blockchain asset exchanges and 

digital wallets that hold blockchain assets, the perception that the use and holding of 

blockchain assets is safe and secure, and the regulatory restrictions or prohibitions on their 

use;  

(iii) investors expectations with respect to the rate of inflation;  

(iv) changes in the software, software requirements or hardware requirements underlying a 
blockchain network;  

(v) changes in the rights, obligations, incentives, or rewards for the various participants in a 
blockchain network;  

(vi) currency exchange rates, including the rates at which Ether and Bitcoin and other 
cryptocurrencies or digital tokens may be exchanged for fiat currencies;  

(vii) fiat currency withdrawal and deposit policies of blockchain asset exchanges and liquidity on 
such exchanges;  

(viii) interruptions in service from or failures of major blockchain asset exchanges;  

(ix) investment and trading activities of large investors, including private and registered funds, 
that may directly or indirectly invest in blockchain assets;  

(x) monetary policies of governments, trade restrictions, currency devaluations and revaluations;  

(xi) regulatory measures, if any, that affect the use of blockchain assets; 

(xii) the maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the Bitcoin or 
Ethereum networks;  

(xiii) global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations; and 

(xiv) expectations among blockchain participants that the value of blockchain assets will soon 
change. 

Blockchain networks are based on software protocols that govern the peer-to-peer interactions between 

computers connected to these networks. The suitability of the networks for the Issuer’s or other Centrality 

Entities’ business or the functionality of the CENNZ token depends upon a variety of factors, including:  

(i) the effectiveness of the informal groups of (often uncompensated) developers contributing 
to the protocols that underlie the networks;  

(ii) effectiveness of the network validators and the network’s consensus mechanisms to 



39 

 

effectively secure the networks against confirmation of invalid transactions;  

(iii) disputes among the developers or validators of the networks;  

(iv) changes in the consensus or validation schemes that underlie the networks, including shifts 
between so-called “proof of work” and “proof of stake” schemes;  

(v) the failure of cyber security controls or security breaches of the networks whether on the 
Centrality Platform or technological assets, or your / third party network or devices, and the 

associated risks of legal action or actions of regulators relating to loss of data, damage to 

data / devices, threat or compromise to privacy and data protection, and the occurrence of 

fraud or harm;  

(vi) the existence of other competing and operational versions of the networks, including without 
limitation so-called “forked” networks;  

(vii) the existence of undiscovered technical flaws in the networks;  

(viii) the development of new or existing hardware or software tools or mechanisms that could 
negatively impact the functionality of the systems;  

(ix) the price of blockchain assets associated with the networks;  

(x) intellectual property rights-based or other claims against the networks’ participants and risks 
associated with such legal claims (including but not limited to the risk that the operation of 

the Centrality Platform is disrupted by such claims including claims for remedies such as 

injunctions); and  

(xi) the maturity of the computer software programming languages used in connection with the 
networks. 

 

Unfavorable developments or characteristics of any of the above circumstances could adversely affect 

the Issuer’s or other Centrality Entities’ business, the Centrality Platform or the proper functioning of the 

CENNZ tokens. 

 

The foregoing risks do not purport to be a complete list and explanation of all the risks involved in 

acquiring a CENNZ token. Potential subscribers are urged to consult their advisors before making a 

determination whether to invest in CENNZ tokens. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



40 

 

 

Business Plan 
Centrality already has an existing business with a strong team and a number of DApps preparing to 

launch tokens, hence the acceleration of this model can occur very quickly. 

The token raise will be used primarily in 3 ways 

1.  To improve and develop new platform services for applications to consume 

2.  To establish other venture studio locations in target markets and build reference applications 

for developers along with acquiring users for the ecosystem 

3.  To invest in technology or user acquisition to help the platform advance and the user base   

   grow. 

 

 

 

 

 

                                                                                                    Acquisitions 25% 

  

Global Development 

Expansion 63% 

 

       Cash Reserve 3%  

 

  NZ Expansion 10% 

 



41 

 

Centrality Platform Pte. Limited 
 

Overview 

Centrality Platform Pte. Limited is a private limited company incorporated in Singapore on 4 January 

2018. It is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Centrality Investments Limited. It will enter into an arrangement 

in respect of the intellectual property comprising the Centrality Platform (copyright in the 

algorithms/software/protocols, trademarks, and domain names) on arm’s length terms with Centrality 

Investments Limited, own the digital wallet which contains the sale proceeds of the TGE in Ether and 

the reserved CENNZ tokens, and procure operational support services from Centrality Limited on 

arms’-length terms to support the Centrality ecosystem. It is not anticipated that Centrality Platform Pte. 

Limited will have any employees nor own any other assets.   

The directors of Centrality Platform Pte. Limited have a legal duty to administer the company strictly in 

accordance with the terms of the company’s constitution (which can be accessed at 

https://www.centrality.ai/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/Centrality-Whitepaper-2018.01.09.pdf), which 

sets out its purpose and permitted activities.   

  

Please note that CENNZ token holders will not have any right to receive or participate in any financial 

benefits or other financial distributions. CENNZ tokens are not designed to be securities and do not 

constitute, nor are they characterized as, any of the Singapore Regulated Products. 

 

Centrality Platform Pte. Limited will dedicate resources to establish a fair and transparent governance 

model that will take into account the multi-stakeholder voices and needs of all participants within the 

ecosystem. This open governance model will oversee decisions related to the membership process, 

participation rules, legal matters, and content and compliance guidelines. 

 
Key Documents 

In addition to Centrality Platform Pte. Limited constitution, there are a number of other key documents 

that Centrality Platform Pte. Limited is party to in connection with the TGE, including: 

IP Agreement – Under this agreement, Centrality Investments Limited will enter into an arrangement 

with Centrality Platform Pte. Limited in respect of all relevant intellectual property in the Centrality 

Platform either by way of a license or an outright transfer of such intellectual property to Centrality 

Platform Pte. Limited. In return Centrality Investments will receive 20% of the issued CENNZ tokens 

upon the TGE. 

 

Operational Services Agreement – Under this agreement, Centrality Limited will provide operational 

support to Centrality Platform Pte. Limited to operate the Centrality Platform in exchange for payment in 

CENNZ tokens, Ether, or fiat currency. Such operational support to Centrality Platform Pte. Limited 

includes the provision of employees from Centrality Limited and through the use of Centrality Limited’s 



42 

 

premises.  

 

Centrality Platform Access Agreement – Under this template agreement, in consideration for receiving 

access to the Centrality Platform and associated services, each Scene Company agrees to (a) pay a 

specified monthly access fee of CENNZ tokens to Centrality Platform Pte. Limited and (b) to use all 

reasonable commercial endeavours to have its own token-generating event and to allocate an agreed 

percentage of tokens issued to Centrality Platform Pte. Limited.  

 

Development goals 

Our vision is to grow an open ecosystem of digital services that consumers can easily explore and find 

value in while giving developers an open and sustainable platform to develop, deliver, and enhance 

those services and attract users. 

 

To achieve this vision, Centrality Platform will direct and fund the development of tools that give 

ecosystem partners the ability to build, grow, and create value for one another. As part of this process, 

Centrality Platform will make its own codebase available as an open-source project that can be 

leveraged to power new communities and add capabilities to existing ones. Centrality Platform 

will further this work by engaging development teams to continue improving the technology suite 

supporting the Centrality e cosystem, and it will maintain an open source codebase for the benefit 

of ecosystem participants. 

 

Centrality Platform will also promote DApp services. Such an approach demonstrates the power 

and promise of a decentralization strategy, which provides a path to transition from a competitive 

model to a co-operative one, where all participants benefit from their collective success. 

 

Conclusion 
The Centrality ecosystem is already a fully functional and integrated native DApp ecosystem 

supporting real operating businesses. The TGE will allow us to scale this quickly to help the wider 

blockchain ecosystem reach mainstream users and use cases. Centrality Platform will help repair the 

current startup economy and create a more equal world for all participants. 

 

With t he  Centrality Platform model, the Blockchain development ecosystem can grow quickly to 

support everyday use cases. Entrepreneurs can get to market quicker, with a higher chance of 

success. Applications can work together to gain scale which will challenge incumbent platforms. 

 



43 

 

Users, investors and developers can all share in the value the ecosystem creates, defining a new kind 

of shared value economy that can overcome the extreme centralization happening in the broader 

technology ecosystem. 

 

Centrality Team 
Centrality has built a world class team of experienced business entrepreneurs, operations experts, 

design specialists and a world class technology team to deliver the outcomes proposed in this  

White Paper. 

 

Important: The team described below has developed the Centrality Platform. Centrality Platform Pte. 

Limited will enter into an arrangement in relation to the intellectual property comprising the Centrality 

Platform on arm’s-length terms with Centrality Investments Limited. However, Centrality Platform Pte. 

Limited will not itself employ any of the people described below. For more information about Centrality 

Platform Pte. Limited, please see the Centrality Platform Pte. Limited section above.  

 
Centrality Executive Team 
 

 
Roger Smith, Chairman 

Shareholder and the key executive in driving the global 

growth of a unicorn (Independent Liquor). Global M&A 

advisory board of Euronet (NASDAQ:EEFT). Currently CEO 

of ePay NZ a billion dollar payments technology business. 

Roger is a successful active angel investor including Society 

One, My HR, Cin7 and Fingermark. Roger has the domain 

expertise, the business experience and the track record to 

drive Centrality to become a multi-billion dollar company. 

 
 

 



44 

 

Aaron McDonald, Managing Director   

Aaron is a 20 year tech industry veteran with experience 

leading teams across all aspects of a technology company. 

Aaron has a broad range of skills and experience that help 

bridge the gap between users, technology and business 

outcomes. Aaron has held leadership positions in large 

technology companies managing portfolios over $1b in 

value across engineering and architecture, product 

management, product development, marketing and sales. 

Since leaving the corporate world Aaron has co-founded 2 

successful platform start-ups. Aaron has the product delivery leadership track record to ensure that 

the Centrality vision is realized. 

 

Jerry Yuan, Chief Operating Officer and  
Angel Investor. 

Jerry has 10 years’ experience across the Telco and ICT 

industry. Jerry is highly experienced in providing high end 

value to various ICT projects. He was previously the 

Account/Sales Director for HUAWEI Technologies. Jerry has 

global connections within the industry, especially in the 

South Pacific Region. These connections will help Centrality 

achieve global growth and adoption. 

 

 

Daniel Gillespie, Group General Manager 

As a member of the Centrality Executive Team, Daniel 

brings with him over 12 years of international banking and 

private equity experience. His skill set covers strategic value 

creation, restructuring, fund raising, deal origination, 

investment and portfolio management and asset 

realisations. Previously he has held roles in New Zealand 

with ASB, in London with Deutsche Bank and Fortis BNP 

Paribas and in the United Arab Emirates with Limitless and 

Istithmar World. In his most recent previous role, he was an 

Investment Manager for a portfolio of private equity assets throughout the USA, South East Asia, 

Africa, and Europe. These investments included greenfield investments, growth organisations and 

turnarounds of varying size and industry. Daniel has been a Board Member of a number of group 

companies providing a broad knowledge of fiduciary and corporate legal responsibilities through 

various markets. At Centrality, Daniel’s role will be focused on capital raising, M&A, international 



45 

 

expansion, and working with Centrality’s various platform applications. 

 

 

 

Andy Higgs, Head of Strategic Partnerships 

Andy has a 20 year track record delivering growth, new 

business and performance improvement in commercial 

leadership roles across public and private sector organisations. 

Andy’s international experience includes Deloitte Consulting, 

MTV Networks Europe and co-founding Accelerate Sport (now 

CSM) developing global sport and entertainment rights based 

in London. He held Director and Executive Leadership roles 

with Auckland Tourism, Events and Economic Development 

and is a strategic adviser for Akarana Marine Sports and Board 

Director to Destination Rotorua and Surfing New Zealand. Andy will ensure Centrality partners with 

world leading brands to achieve widespread consumer exposure and mainstream adoption for the 

platform 

 
 

Jerome Faury, Group General Manager 

Jerome has 15 years senior P&L and business 

management/leadership experience. From GM to regional 

and functional head roles including Board and Non- 

Executive or advisory positions. Significant hyper-growth & 

exec leadership experience across digital payments, 

healthcare and enterprise software. Forged across industry 

leading companies like Oracle, Orion Health & Payment 

Express. 

 

 

 

 

 



46 

 

The Tech Team 
Centrality has a team of 40 software engineers, testers, dev-ops specialists and designers working 

on the development of the Centrality platform modules and use cases. This world class team 

provides the horsepower to realise the vision in this whitepaper. 

 

Nathan Smith, Development Manager 

Nathan has 20 years' experience in technology solutions with 

his most previous role as the Head of Digital at a large 

technology consulting firm (Theta Consulting). Nathan is a 

highly experienced multi domain architect with considerable 

experience delivering large complex projects. Nathan leads 

the overall delivery approach in Centrality, ensuring a quality 

product with scalable architecture is delivered. 

 

 

Mark Povey, GM Australia 

Mark’s role with Centrality is the development of beach 

head into the Australian market and development of 

Centrality Technology a new business focus in developing 

hardware solutions the Centrality Ecosystem. 
 

With over 20 years of experience in start-up businesses in 

the technology sector, with eyede.com a software 

identification, card issuer and payments business grew the 

business from 1 million to over 10 million turnover 

including delivering NZ’s biggest ID card issuance of 1.2 million cards “SuperGold cards. More 

recently Mark established a mobile software development business Solta & Solta Labs that 

developed products and solutions in mobile payments, live streaming at events, distributed 

digital media networks, IoT solutions and transport solutions. 

 



47 

 

 

Ruitao Su, Head of Mobile 

Ruitao has more than 20 years' experience in the 

development of mobile applications with local and global 

companies. Ruitao is the co-founder of several successful 

start-ups in the U.S and his last 3 applications were featured 

on Apple in the U.S. Ruitao provides unparalleled domain 

leadership in building world first experiences in our native 

applications. Making this capability easy to consume for 

developers in robust well written SDKs is his true strength. 
 

 

 

 

Bartosz Holowko, Head of Cognitive Computing 

10 years' experience in senior roles at large software and 

consulting companies in Europe such as Ernst and Young, 

including leading teams and projects focused on data 

science and machine learning software in the fintech space. 

Bart has graduated with both Economics and Computer 

Science Degrees and brings substantial expertise in linking 

these to creating real world value. Bart sets the scene for 

our big data architecture ensuring developers have first 

class services available to enhance their customer 

experiences. 
 

 

Leon Huang, Head of Blockchain 

Leon is an experienced senior technology specialist in the 

banking and finance sector. Leon holds a graduate 

Diploma in Computer Science with Postgraduate in 

Economics. Leon is a former VP of technology at JP Morgan 

and has held senior roles within Credit Suisse and Barclays 

Capital. Leon left the banking sector to join Alibaba where 

he was the Lead developing their Blockchain platform and 

first application. Since then Leon has joined Centrality and 

is responsible for the overall architecture of Centrality’s 

Blockchain platform. 

 



48 

 

Sam Zou, Head of Infrastructure and Cloud Services 

Sam has more than 15 years of IT experience with various roles 

in the technology space, specialising in infrastructure and 

clouding services design and implementation. In his earlier 

career, Sam developed a world-leading HR application the 

accumulated multi-million dollars of annual revenue. Before 

joining Centrality, Sam led a full-stack development team and 

successfully built the strategic cloud based mobile application 

for Reckon, one of the leading accounting software firms. 

 

 

Jordan Maddison, Head of Experience Design 

Practiced in the art of how design and technology collide, 

Jordan Maddison embraces her eye for detail to create epic 

user interfaces and experiences. Jordan has an Honors Degree 

in Visual Communications Design and has been the lead 

designer for branding, UX and UI across 5 successful start-ups 

to date. Jordan leads the Centrality design team and shapes 

the visual language used across the platform modules, to 

create a unified customer experience across 10 Blockchain 

businesses. Jordan’s unique flair for bringing design and new 

technology together ensures users get the  

                                                               most out of the experience that will lead us into the future. 

 

Abby Potich, Head of Customer Success 

Beginning her experience in the world of tech with a 

Bachelor’s degree in Design Innovation, Abby Potich has 

since spent over 4 years in the world of fast growing cloud 

software companies. With a foot in the door at point of sale 

software company Vend as a pioneering Customer Success 

Manager, she climbed the ladder to lead a team of 

professionals onboarding and managing customer life- cycles 

for all high priority accounts in Asia and the Pacific. She then 

went on to do this at two more SaaS companies and now 

uses this experience to enable product design and 

development align with Customer Success and Experience strategies. 

 

 

 

 



49 

 

Sources 

1.  Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy, Joseph Schumpeter 1942 

2.  The Wealth of Nations, Adam Smith 1776 

3.  How Venture Capital Works, Bob Zider, HBR Nov-Dec 1998 Issue 

4.  The Politically Incorrect Guide to Western Civilization, Anthony Esolen, 2008 

5.  Identification of Influencers - Measuring Influence in Customer Networks, C.Kiss 2008 


