










































80 Broad Street, New York, NY. 10004

+1-844-7-AXPIRE (297473)info@axpire.com axpire.io



aXpire White Paper 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Our Vision   

About aXpire   

Our Partners  

Key Benefits of aXpire   

Market Opportunity   

The Problem   

The Solution   

Solution Use Case   

How It Works  

Business Model  

Resolvr Benefits   

AXP Token  

AXP Smart Contract Concept   

Token Distribution   

How To Participate   

Token Considerations   

Legal Structure  

Competitive Analysis   

Milestones  

Sources & Uses   

Why Decentralize?   

General Overview of Token Generation Event Team  

Advisors   

Conclusion   

Glossary  

Disclaimer  

Footnotes 



aXpire White Paper 2 

“ 

The cost of bad data is an 

astonishing 15% to 25% of 

revenue for most 

companies 

” 

MIT Sloan  

Management Review 

November 2017 



aXpire White Paper 3 

OUR VISION 

Our vision is simple. Businesses waste money; we help reduce waste and improve profitability. In 
more detail, we enable seamless spend management, in real time, through secure blockchain 
technology and machine learning throughout the lifecycle of services exchange. Machine learning 
enables our clients to make incrementally intelligent invoicing decisions through a growing reference 
SQL database of approved and denied transactions. We succeed as our clients succeed through the 
use of our end-to-end internal spend management and services marketplace software.   

ABOUT AXPIRE 

aXpire is an ERP SaaS company offering a suite of products to increase efficiency of service spend 
and general profit margins. We are a real company, with real revenues. Our business is a spinoff from 
LSG, LLC, an insurtech SaaS company that has a history of working with Fortune 500 and “household 
name” clients, such as Nike, Coca Cola and the NFL. We were founded in January 2017, and are 
headquartered in Manhattan, New York, with employees in London, India, and Australia. Our object-
oriented core technology was developed at the request of our first client - one of the largest hedge 
funds in the world ($24Bn+ AUM) [1] - to enable the real-time visualization and management of 
payment processing workflows across legal, fund accounting, administration, finance and compliance 
departments. Given the proactive demand of clients, our core team focuses the majority of its time on 
developing aXpire’s core applications, and sharing the Company’s capabilities with prospective 
customers through live and web-enabled demonstrations. 

Our core team consists of the prior LSG C-suite, with over 90 years of combined experience in the 
software-enabled payments space. We also have nine full-time developers with blockchain 
competency, built from our partnership with R3, an enterprise software company focused on building 
a proprietary blockchain-inspired platform, Corda. Our Company will initially serve asset managers 
and fund administrators at banks, hedge funds, private equity firms and other financial institutions to 
deal with the resource- and time-costly process of managing and distributing expenses to each fund, 
or split of funds, as appropriate. Building out and providing this spend management service for asset 
managers is phase one of our company. Going forward, aXpire will expand its spend management 
technologies across industries outside of asset management, e.g. natural resources, travel & leisure, 
healthcare, food & beverage, transportation etc., removing human-manual processes in the expense 
management lifecycle through a highly secure SaaS model. Outside of asset management, our 
technologies will allocate expenses across different internal departments, or “cost centers” (e.g. 
finance, legal, accounting etc.) in a similar fashion to expense apportionment across different funds 
within asset managers. This industry-agnostic approach is phase two of our company, mainly focused 
on mid- and back-office expense management improvements. We have advisor experts in all of the 
aforementioned industries to enhance our go to market strategy.  

Our suite of aXpire applications create seamless, digital connections across all key functional 
departments and stakeholders, including: 

As a SaaS solution servicing regulated customers, we have strong barriers to entry through data 
gathering and security network effects. Our data gathering efforts allow machine learning at each 
client to provide increasingly sophisticated solutions, eventually removing the bulk of human input. In 
regards to security, as an ISO 9001:2015 & ISO 27001:2013 certified Company, security and quality 
is at the core of all of our solutions. 



aXpire White Paper 4 

OUR PARTNERS   
aXpire is actively involved in a number of core partnerships, including R3 and Microsoft. R3 is an 
enterprise software company focused on building a proprietary blockchain-inspired platform, Corda. 
aXpire has been an official partner of R3 since November 2017, and is listed alongside Accenture, 
Bain & Company, Cognizant, KPMG, Hewlett Packard, Intel and Microsoft, among others. Our in-
house development team works with R3 to implement blockchain software into our existing 
applications, and has been actively trained in Corda. We also work closely with Microsoft as a partner 
on their PowerBI tool, allowing us access to their latest software, and also allowing us to engage in a 
fruitful two-way conversation. Other partnerships include the International RegTech Association, the 
Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA), Bounty0x and Devery. 
 

KEY BENEFITS OF AXPIRE  

• Removal of manual processes through machine learning 

• Replace paper, PDF and spreadsheets (PPS) with digital workflows 

• Ensure minimal touch points in the spend management process 

• Increase operating profit by 15-25% [5]  

• Enable electronic interdepartmental communications 

• Track and manage workloads, timelines, expense aging 

• Connect disparate “legacy” technologies as a “plug and play” solution 

• Provide digital audit trails for regulatory compliance 

• Reduce or remove data quality errors 

• Enhance compliance reporting capabilities 

• Provide robust data analytics dashboards 

• Delivered via a highly secure SaaS model 
 
The solution is focused on utilizing technology - including artificial intelligence - as a platform to 
reduce human error, increase profit and enhance internal procedures via a “connected application”. 
Artificial intelligence serves as a core part of our offering to empower users to make the right decision 
when it comes to approving or denying expenses. For example, the longer our relationship with a 
customer, the larger the SQL database of previously approved or denied invoices we will have 
collected. Each invoice receives an aXpire Rating Score (ARS) from 0 to 100, with 100 indicating a 
green light for immediate submission, 0 indicating revisions are required and anything in between 
requiring user judgement. For each new expense, we can offer the internal finance departments clear 
guidance as to whether new expenses fit criteria of previously approved or denied expense, saving 
time and reducing error. We aim to not entirely remove the human aspect of spend management, but 
to enhance it. The longer the client relationship, the greater the average ARS. 
 
As aXpire evolves, further technological enhancements will be implemented, such as blockchain 
technology, as well as value-add services that include legal, actuarial, accounting and general 
administration. aXpire is deployed as a highly secure SaaS model, meaning we offer extremely 
competitive pricing when compared to more traditional fund administration service providers, who 
charge on a percentage of Assets Under Management (AUM) basis rather than Per Member Per 
Month (PMPM). For example, our first client - a $24Bn hedge fund, pays the equivalent of 1-2 basis 
points of AUM, if they were also ~5% of their current size. Currently, fund administrators charge 
between 10 - 15 basis points. 

 
MARKET OPPORTUNITY  

aXpire currently operates in a number of markets. The enterprise software market stands at $351Bn, 
and we play into the FinTech, RegTech and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) technology areas of 
that market. The artificial intelligence market in FinTech is expected to grow from $1.3Bn in 2017 to 
$7.3Bn by 2022, a CAGR of ~40.4%[2]. The RegTech market is expected to grow from $10.6Bn in 
2017 to $76.3Bn by 2022, a CAGR of ~48.0%[3].  By far the most mature market we operate in, the 
global ERP market was estimated to be worth $31.4Bn in 2016. This relatively mature market is 
expected to record an estimated CAGR of ~7.0% during the forecast period, to reach $47.0Bn by the 
end of 2022[4].   



aXpire White Paper 5 

THE PROBLEM  

The problem is simple: businesses waste money; they are not as profitable as they should be. 
Currently, we estimate asset managers overspend in the mid- and back-office by 15-25%[5]. This does 
not include the additional cost of delayed processes and erroneous filings. In support of these broader 
findings, recent research has found that RegTech spending, as a percentage of regulatory spending, 
will increase dramatically, from 4.8% in 2017 to 34.4% by 2022. With multinational financial 
institutions such as Citi having as many as 30,000 compliance staff, just 3 bank compliance 
departments could fill London’s Wembley Stadium. This level of staffing means that a 50% reduction 
could save a single large bank $1.2 billion per annum, based on average wages[3].    
A payment ecosystem to manage expenses through an efficient, secure and automated process does 
not yet exist. Data is too often siloed between non-compatible softwares and companies are left to 
store information on paper, PDFs and spreadsheets (PPS). There are often a number of business 
needs that are left unaddressed as a whole in the current software marketplace: 

 
• Maximizing profitability 

• Financial compliance 

• AP automation 

• Mobile productivity 

• Interdepartmental communication 

• Spend visibility 

• Meaningful data analytics 
 
At aXpire, we intend to solve these problems through our Resolvr solution, which combines the best 
features of products that exist in the market today, and pulls on numerous efficiency levers. We help 
both businesses and consumers procure services and manage this spend as efficiently as possible. 
 

THE SOLUTION  

Resolvr – “Connecting Digital Islands” within your organization.  
 
We have both a P2P and a B2B solution. Resolvr is aXpire’s B2B spend management software. 
Resolvr is a high performance application, under the aXpire brand, and is being integrated with other 
core applications used by fund administrators, accounting and finance teams, e.g. Coupa, 
QuickBooks and HazelTree. We pull on a number of “efficiency levers” to improve on status quo 
performance [5]: 

 
 
 
 



aXpire White Paper 6 

 
Our web-based application was developed in an asp.net MVC framework, which offers architectural 
benefits and enables easily maintainable code. Our custom entity framework is an Object Relational 
Mapping tool that enables the automatic generation of a data access layer from our software’s SQL 
database. Web API's are used as middleware technology, building HTTP based services that can be 
accessed via various applications on different platforms such as web, windows, mobile etc.  
In the first release of "Resolvr," we are facilitating the seamless, auditable workflows of digital 
expenses management, review, apportionment and allocation according to the fund or funds to which 
every dollar should be associated. There are accounts reconciliation, oversight and control 
mechanisms built in to ensure all stakeholders can share information, make adjustments, send 
annotations, attachments and other communications before the final product is handed over to a 
client’s finance department.   
The API feeds to and from Resolvr mean no more PPS documents are required to connect each 
requisite department in order to enable them to perform their fiduciary duties. aXpire is able to work 
with any API, including, but not limited to, HazelTree, Oracle, QuickBooks and SAP. Time and 
resource-consuming manual tasks have been removed. Automatic compliance and reporting tools 
have been enabled.  
This fully digitized environment not only saves time, money and effort, but also cuts down on human 
error in the data, thus improving levels of auditable compliance, a key value proposition in light of the 
increased RegTech demand. All transactions contain an appropriate audit trail with key performance 
indicators tracked throughout the process; see below for examples: 
 

 
 
 



aXpire White Paper 7 

We are building out new enhancements and modules including a "Compliance Dashboard", for the 
Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) and General Counsel of our clients, and adding further data 
visualizations to our analytics and reporting. Resolvr is also undergoing slight modifications to achieve 
an “industry agnostic” solution. 

MatchBX – “Procuring Services” with the blockchain. 

Our P2P marketplace, Matchbox Blockchain Exchange, MatchBX (pronounced “Matchbox”), is a 
relatively new concept in the life cycle of aXpire, incorporated in light of the strong demand for crypto-
based services in the market. We saw a demand for handling RFPs in the B2B context, and have 
translated that into a higher volume consumer environment. We are allowing individuals to participate 
in the platform as part of the new economy, either as a freelancer or as a task creator. We will power 
this product, as with all of our products, with AXP - driving token value in (yet another) use case. 

We’ve seen growing synergies between B2B and P2P with our RFP platform, where the need for 
simple logo designs and development, for example, has scaled out of proportion for businesses. Our 
clients have previously had to go through multiple hoops with larger service providers, spending 
additional capital, for a solution that could have been solved in an efficient and simple manner, by a 
single designer or developer. Now, by combining our offerings, we will be able to offer our clients 
solutions fitting needs both large and small, by leveraging aXpire’s ability to search for work on 
MatchBX or posting on Resolvr’s RFP portal for larger solutions. MatchBX will also have the added 
benefit of seeing incremental involvement from the community built through our token sale. 

We will work to expand our Preferred Provider Network, right now featuring Devery among others, to 
offer customers access to trusted and preferred sources of high value services. This network will 
provide users access to a trusted product, sometimes at bonus or discount prices, through 
partnerships these companies have with aXpire. 

In the background of this product we will run a different kind of spend analysis, demand prediction, 
which will drive additional preferred partners to our site. Think of it like surge demand on Uber, except 
without the associated price increases - we simply point partners towards early indicators of demand 
and the need for supply to fill any gaps. We will implement a small fee on all transactions via an AXP 
burn.  

An overview of our solutions follows, keep in mind, only the back end of Resolvr is currently live and 
in use: 

SOLUTION USE CASE 

As part of aXpire’s current offering, the Company provides expense management solutions to asset 
managers through the Resolvr software solution. As we expand into different verticals for expense 



aXpire White Paper 8 

and spend management, we are tailoring our mid- and back-office solutions to fit companies across 
all industries.  

As a use case, let’s describe the setup in a typical hedge fund or investment company (the ‘firm’). The 
firm retains a panel of legal and non-legal vendors with whom it does business. Services are also 
supplied on an occasional basis by off-panel firms. Litigation services, regulatory and compliance 
advice, among other services, are supplied by the former. Secretarial, research and other services 
are provided by the latter. All vendors need to invoice the firm, and these are generally submitted by 
email with .pdf attachments or by paper copy. Though there may be a Services Level Agreement 
(SLA) in place that specifies the firm’s required recipient of invoices, they may be sent to a variety of 
people. The invoices need to be assessed by reviewers or in-house attorneys to a) ensure an invoice 
correctly includes services provided and at the appropriate, agreed rate, and b) the invoice expenses 
need to be allocated correctly to appropriate firm funds and/or cost centers. Currently, this work is 
performed by printing invoices, marking line items for fund/cost center allocation by hand, negotiating 
by phone or email with vendors, sometimes having invoices updated and re-submitted, and then 
handing marked-up paper copies to the accounting team, who enter data into spreadsheets in order 
to allocate expenses to funds/cost centers. All of this manual/administrative effort, with minimal audit 
trail and knowledge of the progress/location of invoices or immediate reports on the allocation of 
expenses. With AIFMD, FATCA and SEC requirements, this process quickly becomes costly without 
efficient technology in place. Resolvr removes all the above administrative effort, uncertainty and lack 
of auditable visibility.   

Panel legal and non-legal vendors submit e-bills electronically into Resolvr. All they need is access to 
the internet, and a one-time, simple registration. Vendors who are unable to create e-bills can use the 
aXpire Billing app that is embedded into Resolvr. aXpire Billing enables any vendor to type in their 
invoices via an industry standard form, such as LEDES XML 2.1, and submit them. As we progress 
with Resolvr, we will add an RFP portal for third party vendors to submit proposals / bids on services, 
which will output electronic invoices in the appropriate format. Until this functionality is built, the firm’s 
administrative and/or accounting staff can use aXpire Billing to input and submit invoices that have 
been sent to them by methods other than Resolvr, ensuring that all expenses are captured in one 
place, made visible, processed efficiently and are included in appropriate reports. Everything is live, 
everything is auditable.  

The firm can configure Resolvr to automatically allocate invoices to specific reviewers, based on, for 
example, vendor name. Alternatively, administrative staff can allocate selections of, or individual 
invoices, to reviewers. 

Reviewers use their Resolvr Dashboard to view lists of invoices, filtering and sorting as they wish. 
They can see the current status/location, ageing, detailed audit trail, configurable spend and expense 
allocation data visualizations/reports. And they review invoices online, using the powerful filter, sort 
and actions features within Resolvr. The aXpire Rating Score (ARS) is provided at the point, reducing 
review time and error, increasing transactions per employee and effectively utilizing the aXpire Data 
Vault (ADV). When the review has been completed, adjustments made as necessary, comments 
added and fund/cost center allocations calculated automatically, invoices are forwarded electronically 
to the accounting team for checking and any required adjustment of allocations. Invoices are then 
sent for payment, with payment data being formatted automatically; supporting documentation is 
included, and information is transmitted immediately to the AP department. 

All of the firm’s Resolvr accredited staff can see the location, status and content of invoices, with 
appropriate update/review access limited as per the firm’s requirements. Following the payment of a 
small e-bidding platform access fee in AXP, vendors can bid on customer projects and track invoices 
post contract assignment. Importantly, vendors can see the status of their invoices, leading to fewer 
queries, which frees the operational team.. 

Resolvr data and reports provide immediate knowledge and visibility to appropriate firm staff and can 
be used to support regulatory/compliance/audit requirements. Firms are increasingly and necessarily 
wanting to streamline and make more cost-effective their mid- to back-office operations, enabling their 
staff to concentrate on business-critical work and remove unnecessary, time-consuming resource 
requirements on report production, audit and regulatory requirements. 



aXpire White Paper 9 

HOW IT WORKS 

Broadly speaking, Resolvr is a dashboard-based, four step process, as outlined below: 

Overarching all of this spend management workflow is a sophisticated data validation engine that 
performs spend analysis in real time through ARS. Users have access to the basis of this information, 
which empowers expense management decisions: 



aXpire White Paper 10 

Live demos are available on request by emailing info@axpire.com 

BUSINESS MODEL 

aXpire’s business model is based on a Per Member Per Month (PMPM) fee structure, with a one-time 
initial implementation fee. Given a cloud-based model, we are able to achieve an attractive Customer 
Lifetime Value to Customer Acquisition Cost of ~5.0x. As we build out a full suit of applications to 
represent an end-to-end administration solution, we will consider moving away from a PMPM pricing 
methodology and towards a % of AUM approach (as traditional administrators do now). We will be 
cash flow positive in 3 years. To give an idea of our competitive position, we are able to offer a $24Bn 
hedge fund the same rate that a $1-2Bn hedge fund would pay (assuming it also received an 80%+ 
discount to the prevailing market prices). 

RESOLVR BENEFITS 

Benefits for Businesses 

aXpire’s key software solution is called Resolvr. This solution offers access to extensive spend data in 
real time, with the ability to allocate costs between different internal departments. Our platform’s real-
time feed - with machine learning and interdepartmental communication built in - leads to superior 
decision-making and significant cost savings. Our platform is the next logical step in the spend and 
payments management revolution; say “goodbye” to paper, PDF and  spreadsheets, and “hello” to 
Resolvr. 

Machine learning, a sub-set of artificial intelligence, drives our key value proposition. Every invoice 
and expense that flows through our core product, Resolvr, serves to build a database of similar data 
points, and actions that were taken within those data, to optimize spend control. This model offers 
businesses significant and sustainable savings that can translate into improved profitability.  

mailto:info@axpire.com


aXpire White Paper 11 

Benefits for Vendors 

We see strong vendor adoption of Resolvr due to ease of enablement, flexibility and lack of vendor 
fees. Both clients and vendors are able to access extensive, live data, which can result in significant 
time and cost savings. Resolvr eliminates human-manual processes and improves efficiencies 
through electronic invoicing and streamlined procurement through e-bidding Vendors are 
automatically notified of invoice status, and are provided ample documentation to ease their 
regulatory compliance. The application dashboards create a user friendly environment. 

Benefits for Employees 

Our simple and intuitive user interface ensures rapid uptake by our clients’ employees, with artificial 
intelligence aiding decision making and minimizing manual processes. On the procurement side, our 
software affords employees a rapid acquisition of goods and services to fulfill their job responsibilities. 
Moreover, all Resolvr services are available in a mobile interface, maximizing simplicity and 
convenience. 

AXP TOKEN 

The AXP token is a decentralized application (dapp) token developed on top of Ethereum blockchain, 
in line with the ERC223 standards, which is an enhanced version of its predecessor ERC20 
standards. For the avoidance of doubt, the AXP token is ERC20/ERC223, i.e. an ERC20 token with 
ERC223 extensions. The token is fully backwards compatible will all ERC20-compatible contracts and 
wallets. The initial distribution of the token was completed through a TGE (Token Generation Event).  

Once we build out our industry agnostic software back end, we will require vendors to use AXP for “e-
procurement” and/or “e-bidding” for expense contracts through our RFP portal. Clients will be able to 
submit jobs to our platform, with invoices payable in AXP. If vendors plan to transact on the live 
network and submit invoices, they’ll need AXP to cover the base fees for those transactions. By 
design, transaction fees on aXpire are very low cost. For more detail, see the “AXP SMART TOKEN 
CONCEPT” section of this white paper. 

AXP will also be used in our P2P application, MatchBX, as a means to budget and pay for services. 
There will be a small fee associated with each transaction, which will take the form of AXP. This 
transactional AXP will follow a “burn” function, and will be removed from the total supply, increasing 
the utility value of each token. 

The total supply of the tokens is limited to 350,000,000 units and will decrease over time with the AXP 
burn function. The TGE will distribute up to 75% of the total supply of tokens, 262,500,000 tokens. 
This total amount will be split between a pre-sale / sale / referral program / bounty (up to 30% / 40% / 
4% / 1% of available tokens, respectively). Any tokens not sold during the TGE will be held in our 
corporate wallet as reserve tokens for development expenses and working capital in future raises. 
The remaining 25% of tokens will be split between reserve tokens (10%), advisor & developer tokens 
(10%) and bug bounty program (5%). 

Management of the TGE is performed through smart contracts, which deal with token transfer, 
creation, minting etc. Code written for the TGE will be open source, available for smart contract 
structure and concept auditing. There will be public APIs available for developers as well as 
exchanges to conduct operations, like transfer or purchase of AXP tokens. In the public presale, 
participants can obtain the token at a 30% discount rate, or $0.07 USD. The AXP token would be 
exchanged with the valuation 1 AXP = 0.10 USD or equivalent ether or bitcoin (additional forms of 
payment are being considered). The TGE will end as soon as the 40% token generation hard cap, 
$20m, is attained. 



aXpire White Paper 12 

AXP TOKEN 

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION 

• As mentioned above the TGE and presale will be responsible for the distribution of 75% of the
token: 262,500,000 tokens. This distribution includes the pre-sale (up to 30% of available
tokens), full sale (40% of available tokens), referral program (up to 4% of available tokens)
and bounty program (1% of available tokens). Any tokens not sold in the pre-sale will be
transferred to our reserve tokens.

TGE - 262,500,000 AXP (up to 75%)

• We are setting aside 10% of the total AXP tokens for the development team & advisors.
These tokens are locked by contract for 12 months.

Advisors and Developers - 35,000,000 AXP (10%)

• We are reserving 10% of our supply to be used by the company for expenses and
development.

Reserve - 35,000,000 AXP (10%)

• Finally, we will offer a bug bounty program to keep security up to the highest standards
possible. A total of 5% of the token supply will be set aside for this purpose.

Bug Bounty – 17,500,000 AXP (5%)

All the distribution after the TGE will only be performed in good faith to not adversely affect 
participants in the TGE. 



aXpire White Paper 13 

TOKEN CONSIDERATIONS 

Strongly consider the following prior to purchasing AXP tokens; aXpire is an enterprise software SaaS 
product that’s targeting different markets within RegTech, FinTech and ERP Technologies. We are 
not yet a consumer solution, so it’s unlikely that consumers will see a day-to-day use of our platform 
unless they are in the finance, legal and/or accounting departments of a corporation or asset 
manager. We are considering providing back end support to B2C solutions as it relates to payments 
and data analytics. We hope to minimize speculative value and maximize utility value as more data is 
fed into the Resolvr platform. We are setting a soft cap of $3m and a hard cap of $20m; this is a real 
product with existing customers. Token sale hard cap, dates and milestones may change in 
accordance with unforeseen aXpire expenditures and/or client/talent opportunities. 

Users should consider the utility of the AXP token prior to purchasing; our team will work to expand 
the utility of AXP as our platform continues to grow. 

LEGAL STRUCTURE 

aXpire will conduct the TGE through an offshore partner company, located in Singapore, which will be 
responsible for issuing, distributing, and managing AXP tokens. The purpose of using this third party 
offshore company to conduct the TGE is to ensure compliance and transparency. The Singapore 
company will be a token holding and issuance entity, with a pass through to our operating company, a 
Delaware, United States C-corporation.   

It will also ensure that the funds generated during the Token Generation Event will not be used as a 
direct business asset, meaning the company won’t be treating this as income like some other TGE’s 
have done in the past. The money raised will be treated as separate and managed accordingly to 
ensure transparency for all participants. Essentially, this means that corporate funds are not mixed 
with those raised during the Token Generation Event.   

Using an offshore partner also gives our European and North American clients and providers 
confidence that they are not engaging with a company that has participated in a Token Generation 
Event, which is currently a concern for those looking to work with companies that may have raised 
funds through such a method.   

From a regulatory perspective, this means that the entity responsible for issuing, distributing, and 
managing the tokens is based within a Token Generation Event “friendly jurisdiction.” In doing this, we 
ensure that aXpire will not fall short of any regulatory laws concerning Token Generation Events nor 
participate in countries which may have “grey” regulations concerning such activities.  



aXpire White Paper 14 

COMPETITIVE ANALYSIS 

MILESTONES 



aXpire White Paper 15 

aXpire solves the need to maximize profitability through artificial-intelligence-driven, blockchain and 
cloud-based spend management. We can offer meaningfully differentiated security through the 
provision of our software in a distributed, secure and egalitarian manner - there is a decentralization 
edge. We reduce the incentive for cyber security threats through the use of a unique, AXP token. We 
also leave an immutable trail of transactions that provides value throughout the auditing, compliance 
and reporting process for any client that is required to understand company spend and profitability 
data. Regulated hedge funds, for example, need to report fund expenses to the SEC. Any user of our 
software will also be able to view, in real time, spend data across the company, providing live data for 
intelligent profit maximization. Decentralization provides us access to all of these advantages, and 
also allows a “clean” method of fundraising, kickstarting early growth.  

Our TGE will provide funding for the further development of Resolvr, future platforms, educational 
resources for our clients interested in blockchain/AXP/Resolvr and an incentivization pool for 
encouraging businesses to adopt aXpire products and AXP. 

GENERAL OVERVIEW OF TOKEN GENERATION EVENT 

aXpire launched its TGE in early January via a pre-sale to the public through www.axpire.io. We 
completed our full sale in 89 hours, and sold 75% of all available tokens in the TGE, with the 
remaining tokens used as set out in the “TOKEN DISTRIBUTION” section. Our circulating supply sits 
at 265m as of February 28, 2018. 

WHY DECENTRALIZE? 



aXpire White Paper 16 

TEAM 



aXpire White Paper 17 

ADVISOR 



aXpire White Paper 18 

CONCLUSION 

aXpire comprises secure enterprise software spend and payments management technology. We offer 
a fast, safe and auditable way to manage spend on external vendors. We allow internal departments 
to communicate seamlessly and we plug and play into a variety of existing softwares to avoid data 
silos. We will exercise our expertise in data analytics to build out an spend management artificial 
intelligence platform. Our AXP token represents a vehicle to enable spend management in a 
distributed ledger environment. Funds raised from our token sale will be used to develop the utility of 
the platform and a global spend management solution.  

For more information, reach out to info@axpire.com 

mailto:info@axpire.com


aXpire White Paper 19 

GLOSSARY 

Accounts Payable Automation (AP Automation) - helps organizations cut their operational cost on processing 
invoice manually 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers' Directive (AIFMD) - one of a package of measures drawn up by the 
European Commission after the 2008/9 financial crisis to regulate financial services  
Application Program Interface (API) - set of routines, protocols, and tools for building software applications  
Assets Under Management (AUM) - total amount of funds controlled by an asset manager  
AXP - aXpire’s token symbol  
aXpire - cloud-based, and AI-enabled blockchain payment-processing company  
aXpire Billing - aXpire’s invoice creation, conversion and submission software program  
aXpire Data Vault (ADV) - aXpire’s collection of anonymized spend data   
aXpire Rating Score (ARS) - rating of 0 through 100, indicating invoice compliance (0 = non-compliant against 
the SLA - revision required prior to submission, 100 = fully compliant with SLA - immediate submission 
appropriate)  
Artificial Intelligence (AI) - machine behavior that mimics "cognitive" functions that humans associate with other 
human minds, such as "learning" and "problem solving" - in aXpire’s case, machine learning, a subset of AI, 
occurs when our software suggests invoice outcomes based on data in the ADV  
Business-to-Business (B2B) - a situation where one business makes a commercial transaction with another  
Business-to-Consumer (B2C) - business or transactions conducted directly between a company and 
consumers who are the end-users of its products or services  
C-Corporation - any corporation that is taxed separately from its owners
Customer Acquisition Cost (CAC) - cost associated with convincing a consumer to buy your product or service, 
including research, marketing, and advertising costs
Customer Lifetime Value (CLV) - prediction of the net profit attributed to the entire future relationship with a 
customer
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) - integrated management of core business processes, often in real-time 
and mediated by software and technology
ERC20 - popular cryptocurrency and blockchain system, is based on the use of tokens which can be bought, 
sold, or traded
ERC223 - an enhanced version of ERC20 that solves a number
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) - 2010 United States federal law to enforce the requirement for 
United States persons including those living outside the U.S. to file yearly reports on their non-U.S. financial 
accounts to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN)
Full Time Employees (FTE) - employee employed on average at least 30 hours of service per week, or 130 
hours of service per month
Hard Cap - a maximum amount of funds raised that may not be exceeded, $20m for aXpire
ISO - international security standard that specifies requirements for a quality management system (QMS) 
LEDES - machine-readable text file that displays invoice data in a specific order and format. This allows a 
company to accept all legal bills in a standard way and makes processing and payment much easier
LSG - aXpire’s parent company, and InsurTech legal bill review, ebilling, BPO and data analytics company 
Microsoft - enterprise software company, aXpire partner
Model View Controller (MVC) - one of three ASP.NET programming models
Object Relational Mapping - programming technique for converting data between incompatible type systems 
using object-oriented programming languages
Per Member Per Month (PMPM) - aXpire’s current pricing model, a significant value proposition relative to 
traditional pricing models
PPS - paper, PDF and spreadsheets
R3 - blockchain-inspired enterprise software company, aXpire partner
Resolvr - aXpire’s invoice and spend management software program
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) - U.S. government agency that oversees securities transactions, 
activities of financial professionals and mutual fund trading to prevent fraud and intentional deception
Service Level Agreement (SLA) - official commitment that prevails between a service provider (or “vendor”) and 
a client
Smart Contract - computer protocol intended to facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or performance of a 
contract
Soft Cap - a minimum amount of funds raised that are required for a business to execute its detailed strategy 
vision, $3m for aXpire
Software as a Service (SaaS) - software licensing and delivery model in which software is licensed on a 
subscription basis and is centrally hosted
Structured Query Language (SQL) - standardized query language for requesting information from a database 
Token Generation Event (TGE) - a fundraising event, in which cryptoassets or fiat currencies are exchanged for 
a newly created cryptoasset



aXpire White Paper 20 

DISCLAIMER

PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE 
ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, OR OTHER 
PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).  

The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual 
relationship. While we make every effort to ensure that any material in this white paper is accurate and up to 
date, such material in no way constitutes the provision of professional advice. aXpire does not guarantee, and 
accepts no legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, or 
completeness of any material contained in this white paper. Potential aXpire token holders should seek 
appropriate independent professional advice prior to relying on, or entering into any commitment or transaction 
based on, material published in this white paper, which material is purely published for reference purposes alone. 

aXpire tokens is not intended to constitute financial securities instruments in any jurisdiction. This white paper 
does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of 
securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. aXpire does not provide any opinion on 
any advice to purchase, sell, or otherwise transact with aXpire tokens and the fact of presentation of this white 
paper shall not form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision. No 
person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of 
aXpire tokens, and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this white paper. 

This aXpire white paper is for information purposes only. We do not guarantee the accuracy of or the conclusions 
reached in this white paper, and this white paper is provided “as is”. This white paper does not make and 
expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, whatsoever, 
including, but not limited to: (i) warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, usage, 
title or non-infringement; (ii) that the contents of this white paper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents 
will not infringe third-party rights. and its affiliates shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising out of the 
use, reference to, or reliance on this white paper or any of the content contained herein, even if advised of the 
possibility of such damages. In no event will team aXpire or its affiliates be liable to any person or entity for any 
damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses of any kind, whether direct or indirect, consequential, 
compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive or special for the use of, reference to, or reliance on this 
white paper or any of the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss of business, revenues, 
profits, data, use, goodwill or other intangible losses. aXpire makes no representations or warranties (whether 
express or implied), and disclaims all liability arising from any information stated in the white paper. In particular, 
the “Roadmap” as set out in the text of the white paper is subject to change, which means that aXpire is not 
bound by any representations to the future performance and the returns of aXpire. The actual results and the 
performance of aXpire may differ materially from those set out in the aXpire white paper.  

Please note that contents of this aXpire white paper may be altered or updated at any time in future by the 
project’s management team. The white paper has been prepared solely in respect of Initial Token Offering of 
aXpire tokens. No shares or other securities of the Company are being offered in any jurisdiction pursuant to the 
white paper. The white paper does not constitute an offer or invitation to any person to subscribe for or purchase 
shares, rights or any other securities in the Company. The shares of the Company are not being presently 
offered to be, registered under Securities Act of any country, or under any securities laws of any state. the tokens 
referred to in this white paper have not been registered, approved, or disapproved by the us securities and 
exchange commission, any state securities commission in the United States or any other regulatory authority nor 
any of the foregoing authorities examined or approved the characteristics or the economic realities of this token 
sale or the accuracy or the adequacy of the information contained in this white paper under, the U.S. Securities 
act of 1933 as amended, or under the securities laws of any state of the united states of America or any other 
jurisdiction. Purchasers of the tokens referred to in this white paper should be aware that they bear any risks 
involved in acquisition of aXpire tokens, if any, for an indefinite period of time. Some of the statements in the 
white paper include forward-looking statements which reflect team aXpire’s current views with respect to product 
development, execution roadmap, financial performance, business strategy and future plans, both with respect to 
the company and the sectors and industries in which the company operates. Statements which include the words 
''expects'', ''intends'', ''plans'', ''believes'', ''projects'', ''anticipates'', ''will'', ''targets'', ''aims'', ''may'', ' 'would'', 
''could'', ''continue'' and similar statements are of a future or forward-looking nature. all forward-looking 
statements address matters that involve risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important 
factors that could cause the group's actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. 
these factors include but are not limited to those described in the part of the white paper entitled '' risk factors '', 
which should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in the white paper. 
Any forward-looking statements in this white paper reflect the Company's current views with respect to future 
events and are subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company's 
operations, results of operations and growth strategy. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the 
date of the white paper. Subject to industry acceptable disclosure and transparency rules and common practices, 
the company undertakes no obligation publicly to update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a 
result of new information, future developments or otherwise. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking 
statements attributable to aXpire or individuals acting on behalf of aXpire  are expressly qualified in their entirety 
by this paragraph. No statement in the white paper is intended as a profit forecast and no statement in the white 
paper 



aXpire White Paper 21 

should be interpreted to mean that the earnings of aXpire for the current or future years would be as may be 
implied in this white paper. By agreeing to acquire aXpire tokens I hereby acknowledge that I have read and 
understand the notices and disclaimers set out above and contained in this white paper.  
No regulatory authority has examined or approved any of the information set out in this white paper. Thus, no 
action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The 
publication, distribution or dissemination of this white paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory 
requirements or rules have been complied with. Please refer to our website for terms & conditions of participating 
in the aXpire initial Token offering. 



aXpire White Paper 22 

FOOTNOTES 

[1] AUM data according to client website as of December 13, 2017
[2] “AI in Fintech Market - Global Forecast to 2022" - Cision, PR Newswire
[3] “Regtech Spending to Exceed $76Bn By 2022, As Compliance Costs Soar” - Juniper Research
[4] “Global Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Market (2017 – 2022)” - Mordor Intelligence
[5] “How To Improve Productivity by 25% in a Bank Operating at a 35% Cost-Income Ratio” - Oliver Wyman
[6] “Seizing Opportunity in Data Quality” - MIT Sloan School of Management




	Blank Page



