













































Revolutionizing Global  
Education with Blockchain

WHITE PAPER

VERSION 2.1.
UPDATED 9TH OCTOBER, 2017



 2

CONTENTS

Summary           4

02. Scope of the problem         6

 2.1. Employers looking for tech talent       6

 2.2. Service provider looking for educated customers     6

 2.3. People seeking knowledge and digital economy based employment  7

03. BitDegree: it is all about education       10

 3.1. Introducing smart-incentives       10

	 3.2.	Gamification	as	a	cornerstone	of	the	platform	design	 	 	 	 13

04. The BitDegree platform         15

 4.1. Roadmap and a Bold vision for the BitDegree platform     15

 4.2. Identity registry          17

 4.3. Course material repository       17

 4.4. Course material index        17

 4.5. Assessment tools         18

 4.6. Sponsorship area         19

 4.7. Study area           19

 4.8. Student achievements viewer       20

 4.9. Inclusion of third party course material       22

 4.10. Third party assessors        22

 4.11. Students as mentors         22

 4.12. Integration with 3rd party education platforms     23

06. Why BitDegree is superior to its alternatives      26

 6.1. The market potential of BitDegree       27

07. Token Launch          30

08. BitDegree team          33

 8.1. People behind BitDegree        33

 8.2. Advisors          34



 3

Please read this entire section and do not take any actions until you finish it. 

This White Paper is a summary of BitDegree’s business model and technology, plus a brief introduction to the BitDegree 

fundraising principles, and it should be read in its entirety.

If	you	are	in	any	doubt	as	to	the	action	you	should	take,	you	should	consult	your	legal,	financial,	tax,	or	other	professional	

advisor and do not contribute to the development of BitDegree.

If you decide to contribute to BitDegree’s development, please note that your contribution to BitDegree, to the best knowledge 

of BitDegree, does not constitute an exchange of cryptocurrencies for any form of securities, investment units and/or form of 

ordinary shares in BitDegree or any other company. A BitDegree token holder does not receive any form of dividend or other 

revenue	right,	nor	does	it	participate	in	any	kind	of	profit	sharing	program.

Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing business and operations associated with cryptocurrencies throughout the 

world, therefore regulatory measures, investigations, or actions may impact BitDegree’s business and even limit or prevent 

it from developing its operations in the future. All persons must be informed that BitDegree’s business model, the White 

Paper,	or	terms	and	conditions	may	change	or	need	to	be	modified	due	to	regulatory	and	compliance	requirements	from	any	

applicable law in any jurisdiction.

All statements contained in this White Paper and within the BitDegree webpage, statements made in press releases or in any 

place accessible to the public and oral statements that may be made by BitDegree, its founders, team members and any third 

party involved in the BitDegree project or acting on behalf of BitDegree that are not statements of historical fact, constitute 

“forward looking statements”. Neither BitDegree, its founders, team members, any third party involved in BitDegree project, 

nor any other person represents warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance or achievements 

of BitDegree will be as discussed in those forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are sometimes, but 

not	always,	 identified	by	 their	use	of	a	date	 in	 the	 future.	Forward-looking	statements	are	predictive	and	 involve	 risk	and	

uncertainty. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are based on assumptions.

The information contained in the BitDegree webpage and White Paper are of a descriptive nature only, are not binding, and 

are subject to update.

No	information	in	this	White	Paper	should	be	considered	to	be	business,	legal,	financial	or	tax	advice	regarding	contribution	

to the development of BitDegree.

BitDegree will do its utmost to launch its operations and develop the BitDegree platform, but does not provide any guarantee 

it will manage to successfully achieve them. BitDegree assumes no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage that would 

result from or relate to the incapacity to use BitDegree tokens, except in case of intentional misconduct or gross negligence.

All product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. UUse of such 

company	names	does	not	imply	any	affiliation	with	or	endorsement	by	them.



 4

SUMMARY
The conventional centralized higher education system takes 4-6 years to educate a person and there 

is no guarantee of employment afterwards. We believe that the digital industry today lacks workforce 

because higher education institutions are not responding to the needs of actual labor market. Most 

of	the	skills	needed	by	the	digital	industry	don’t	even	require	a	degree	in	higher	education.	Workforce	

that has practical digital economy skills and willingness to learn is needed. That is why today more 

and more tech-savvy teens get freelancing jobs and earn more than their parents do.

BitDegree	 is	 world’s	 first	 blockchain-powered,	 smart-incentives	 based	 online	 education	 platform	

which will revolutionize global education and tech recruiting. The main purpose of the BitDegree 

platform	is	to	let	Students	acquire	skills	that	are	currently	required	by	the	labor	market.	The	way	to	do	

it is not to ask business what skills they need in the far future (3-5 years), but to respond to explicitly 

expressed	skilled	labor	demand	quickly.	BitDegree	will	directly	align	the	incentives	of	students	and	

anyone who wants them to become knowledge workers in digital economy - like current or potential 

employers, digital service providers and sponsors. Smart-incentive is a smart contract on Ethereum 

network ensuring the exchange of tokens between a sponsor (the Incentive Creator) and a student 

(the	Incentive	Taker),	who	is	committing	to	study	a	specific	subject	 in	order	to	receive	tokens	(the	

Incentive).	The	BitDegree	platform	will	offer	students	online	courses	with	a	clear	and	transparent	

blockchain-based reward system and achievement tracking. Our use case for blockchain is not 

sensitive to prolonged waiting periods before transactions are committed, thus, overall platform 

overhead (as in expenses) of using Ethereum network for transactional and immutable data storage 

needs, will be low. To make the learning process as exciting as playing Minecraft we will use Octalysis 

framework	of	gamification	design.

We	see	BitDegree	as	a	unique	tool	for	business	to	recruit	tech	talent	and	shape	global	education	to	its	

needs through smart-incentives. National government Job centers will be able to track the demand of 

skills without having to involve scrupulous report gatherings from businesses and also help jobless 

citizens by subsidising studies for skills on high demand. Think about it as Coursera and HackerRank 

merged	 together,	 powered	 by	 blockchain	 technology.	 The	main	 benefit	 of	 BitDegree	 platform	 to	

incentive providers is the possibility to initiate and maintain dialogue with upcoming talent and 

reward them for achievements through smart-incentives. Smart-incentives on the BitDegree platform 

will range from small to large and be location and topic targeted. From the student’s perspective, it 

means getting paid to learn new skills based on local demand, which not only incentivizes but can 

actually be a viable escape from unskilled work.

Building	 quality,	 interactive,	 and	 engaging	 learning	 experience	 is	 essential	 to	 every	 successful	

education platform. There are attempts to solve the problem: i.e. Coursera and CodeCademy. Despite 

the fact that these frontrunners face abysmal course completion results, similar to the entire MOOCs 

industry – just 5%, these two companies together are worth more than $1 billion today. Our proposed 



 5

incentive alignment approach has not been attempted on any of educational platforms of which we 

are aware. A merit-based reward, currently practiced on existing platforms, does not provide the 

income needed to support a student while studying.

We will pursue our vision to develop the BitDegree platform regardless of the ICO’s outcome. We 

anticipate a closed-test, involving incentive providers in Q2-2018, and an open launch of BitDegree in 

Q1- 2019. The capital available to the development of the platform will determine its initial functionality 

and choice of the course material made available. The anticipated capital raised during the ICO, will 

enable	us	to	directly	compete	with	existing	education	platforms,	even	before	realizing	the	benefits	

of a very popular BitDegree platform. Companies creating technologies used in the digital economy 

should consider contributing to the development of the platform, if only to ensure that technologies 

they create are represented in the course material available to millions of students.

WE BELIEVE THAT:
01. Everybody in the world deserves access to proper education, no matter the gender, 

race, age or religion;

02. The key to success of any technology business is to hire the best and well-educated 

talent, and thus the business should be ready to invest in such talent;

03. Public	education	systems	are	flawed	and	need	to	be	democratized,	decentralized,	

and otherwise disrupted;

04. Blockchain-powered	smart-incentives	and	gamification	features	they	enable	are	the	

game changers.



 6

02. SCOPE OF THE PROBLEM
When	we	first	started	to	analyze	reasons	behind	and	difficulties	of	hiring	tech	talent,	we	looked	for	

possible	solutions	and	then	wondered	who	else	would	benefit	from	the	approach	in	which	we	would	

take to address the problem. We then incorporated those parties to synthesize new problem scope 

and	tried	to	find	the	solution	to	newly	defined	problem.	As	in	any	of	those	exploratory	endeavors,	

one must not forget to limit the problem scope to minimum, and to look for solutions providing 

maximum	benefits	to	parties	involved.	We	settled	on	a	very	small	group	of	parties	that	are	benefiting	

greatly from synergetic solution.

2.1. Employers looking for tech talent

The shortage of tech employees is undeniably global and increasing. According to a Jobvite research, 

HR	professionals	 report	 that	 it’s	 becoming	 increasingly	difficult	 to	fill	 open	positions,	 and	65%	of	

recruiters claim that talent shortage represents the biggest challenge in hiring1. Everybody knows 

that	the	key	to	success	in	any	tech	company	is	talent	acquisition.	By	everybody	we	also	mean	the	

talents themselves. Though the salary levels in tech and IT industry are constantly growing, it has 

been	proved	not	 to	 be	 a	 sufficient	 incentive	 to	 attract	 the	 best	 employees	 and	 keep	 them	 loyal.	

Companies	compete	raising	and	maintaining	the	employer	profile,	offering	the	perks	unimaginable	

in	other	industries.	In	the	next	five	years,	it	is	expected	for	the	demand	of	talent	to	deliver	on	new	

capabilities,	to	significantly	outstrip	the	supply2. It is estimated that the entire recruitment market is 

worth	over	$200	billion	worldwide	and	$4,000	is	the	average	amount	spent	by	a	U.S.	company	to	fill	

an open position3. 

2.2. Service provider looking for educated customers

Service	 providers	 invest	money	 and	 effort	 to	 understand	 the	 real-world	 problems	 and	 to	 create	

solutions	to	those	problems.	Most	often,	many	companies	provide	similar	solutions	with	some	specific	

differentiating	features.	Their	solutions	usually	become	known	to	new	users/adopters	via	advertising	

and	 old-fashioned	 word	 of	 mouth.	 Companies	 are	 spending	 significant	 amounts	 on	 advertising	

in order to attract new customers, and to spread the word about their distinct ways of providing 

value to their customers. For example, a service provider spends on average 300 USD on Google 

adwords	to	acquire	one	new	web	hosting	client.	This	is	a	huge	amount	in	a	low	margin	business.	By	

accepting BitDegree tokens, various web service providers, such as Hostinger, will be able to attract 

a	new	flow	of	targeted	customers	in	the	most	cost-effective	way.	Naturally,	the	service	and	product	

providers shall also grow the interest to sponsor BitDegree users instead of giving service discounts 

or vouchers. Tech savvy students and users are valued clients targeted by various industries. By 

1 http://www.gethppy.com/

2  http://www.mckinsey.com/

3 https://www.forbes.com/

http://www.jobvite.com/resources/ebooks/2016_recruiter_nation_survey/
http://www.gethppy.com/talent-management/5-recruitment-trends-for-2017
http://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/digital-mckinsey/our-insights/the-new-tech-talent-you-need-to-succeed-in-digital
https://www.forbes.com/sites/joshbersin/2017/05/26/google-for-jobs-potential-to-disrupt-the-200-billion-recruiting-industry/#2cbe40524d1f


 7

providing incentivized courses that explain problems and the approaches taken by the company to 

resolve	them	as	implemented	in	their	offerings,	other	service	and	product	providers	can	nurture	well	

informed	potential	clients.	Students	with	BitDegree	scholarships	will	become	qualified	clients,	ones	

with a proven interest in learning technology, and a willingness to spend money on various products 

and	services.	Qualified	clients	require	less	hand-holding	from	technical	support	teams,	and	do	not	

inflate	a	service	provider’s	support-related	costs.	As	more	and	more	SAAS	buying	decisions	are	made	

by an employee working directly to automate some tasks for his employer, his preexisting exposure 

to	service	provider	offerings	can	influence	the	buying	decisions	of	his	company.

Hostinger is the 1st service provider who has agreed to accept BitDegree Tokens in exchange for its 

services. Any user who learns digital skills on t he BitDegree platform will be able to order domain 

names	and	web	hosting	services,	and	put	newly	acquired	knowledge	in	practice	at	Hostinger.

2.3. People seeking knowledge and digital economy based 
employment

Unskilled	 labor	 force	 is	replaced	by	the	automation	more	frequently.	Automation	forces	unskilled	

people	 to	 acquire	 new	 skills	 in	 areas	 where	 it	 does	 not	 provide	 cheap	 alternatives.	 Most	 areas	

requiring	knowledge,	creativity,	 feel	for	aesthetics,	and	problem-solving	skills	are	becoming	better	

paid,	due	to	the	shortage	of	qualified	candidates.	So	how	can	one	manage	to	develop	new	skills	in	

the market today? We have a higher education industry caring for those in need of knowledge, and 

willing to work hard to develop their skills.

匀漀挀椀漀ⴀ挀甀氀琀甀爀愀氀 
渀漀爀洀猀 搀爀椀瘀攀 

搀攀挀椀猀椀漀渀 眀栀愀琀 琀漀 
猀琀甀搀礀

一漀 攀搀甀挀愀琀椀漀渀 ⼀ 䠀椀最栀攀爀 
攀搀甀挀愀琀椀漀渀 猀礀猀琀攀洀

⠀㐀ⴀ㘀 礀攀愀爀猀⤀

倀爀攀 愀渀搀 瀀漀猀琀 
挀漀渀瘀攀渀琀椀漀渀愀氀 琀愀氀攀渀琀 
愀渀搀 氀愀戀漀爀 猀甀瀀瀀氀礀

䈀椀琀搀攀最爀攀攀 瀀氀愀琀昀漀爀洀 
瀀爀漀搀甀挀攀猀 琀栀攀 

爀攀焀甀椀爀攀搀 愀洀漀甀渀琀 漀昀 
搀攀洀愀渀搀攀搀 氀愀戀漀爀

匀洀愀爀琀 椀渀挀攀渀琀椀瘀攀猀 昀漀爀 
搀攀洀愀渀搀攀搀 氀愀戀漀爀

䜀䄀倀
䠀椀最栀攀爀 攀搀甀挀愀琀椀漀渀 

猀礀猀琀攀洀
⠀㐀ⴀ㘀 礀攀愀爀猀⤀

䰀愀戀漀爀 猀甀瀀瀀氀礀 䰀愀戀漀爀 搀攀洀愀渀搀 搀爀椀瘀攀渀 
戀礀 戀甀猀椀渀攀猀猀

䰀愀戀漀爀 搀攀洀愀渀搀 搀爀椀瘀攀渀 
戀礀 戀甀猀椀渀攀猀猀

䴀椀猀洀愀琀挀栀 愀渀搀 栀甀最攀 
猀甀瀀瀀氀礀ⴀ搀攀洀愀渀搀 氀愀戀漀爀 洀愀爀欀攀琀 最愀瀀

匀漀挀椀漀ⴀ挀甀氀琀甀爀愀氀 
渀漀爀洀猀 搀爀椀瘀攀 

搀攀挀椀猀椀漀渀 眀栀愀琀 
琀漀 猀琀甀搀礀

吀䠀䔀 䌀伀一嘀䔀一吀䤀伀一䄀䰀 䰀䄀䈀伀刀 䴀䄀刀䬀䔀吀   䔀䐀唀䌀䄀吀䤀伀一 䴀伀䐀䔀䰀

吀䠀䔀 倀刀伀倀伀匀䔀䐀 䈀䤀吀䐀䔀䜀刀䔀䔀 倀䰀䄀吀䘀伀刀䴀 䰀䄀䈀伀刀 䴀䄀刀䬀䔀吀   䔀䐀唀䌀䄀吀䤀伀一 䴀伀䐀䔀䰀

The Internet has enabled us to reach the universal knowledge pool, to interact directly and informally 

with the greatest minds of our age. However, the entire global education system has become frozen, 

using	centuries	old	methods	that	are	virtually	ineffective.	There	is	a	global	need	to	disrupt	the	status	

quo.	It	is	not	a	surprise	to	anyone	that	higher	education	institutions	are	failing	to	fulfill	their	mission	

- to transfer know-how, and let students develop practical skills that are necessary to guarantee 

successful employment. The current education model faces many problems:

Education is expensive. Each year the price of education is growing. Students have to distribute 

their time between the studies and low-level jobs, still ending up with huge debts for their education. 

Figure 1. The conventional labor market education model



 8

The high price combined with the lack of incentives result in a decline of motivation to continue 

studies.	Students	need	an	extra	push	in	the	right	direction.	Recent	years	have	seen	the	rise	of	fintech	

startups	dedicated	to	student	loan	financing,	but	it	 is	unavailable	to	the	majority	of	the	world.	We	

think that the loan approach is morally wrong, and that everyone should have the opportunity to 

educate him/herself without the risk of defaulting on a huge debt.

Educational system so far offers mostly long-time incentives	 -	 the	 unspecified	 promise	 of	

future employment. However, educational institutions rarely analyze and link business needs to 

their curricula. The gap between the needs of employers and student knowledge already exists 

and is widening. This results in the need for business to provide the post-graduates with long-

term	and	expensive	training.	We	are	building	BitDegree	to	enable	a	direct	and	mutually	beneficial	

communication between businesses and future employees.

Students lose motivation. One	way	to	increase	students’	motivation	is	to	use	gamification	in	the	

educational process. A lot of small incentives make learning interesting. The use of games in the 

educational process attract the student at the beginning and retains attention throughout the game. 

Gamification	can	reduce	problems	caused	by	low	concentration	aand	it	can	also	help	more	effective	

learning. Research has shown that no more than 20% of information is processed while reading, 

compared	to	90%	by	using	gamification4.

According to study, conducted by Pew Research Center and Elon University, the majority (53% of 

respondents)	were	confident	that	gamification	will	be	very	common	in	all	areas	of	life	by	20205. Other 

research has shown that 75% of teachers believe that digital learning content will totally replace 

printed textbooks within the next 10 years6.

The constant and growing need for continuous learning. Thomas Picketty, the economist and 

author of “Capital in the 21st Century” concludes that across more than 300 years of history, the only 

predictable factor that drives individual earnings potential are “skills and knowledge”. Today learning 

is a part of economic survival. However, education is not enough if we don’t stay current, up to date, 

and continuously re-skilled in our professions (regardless of what they are). We fall behind. Our belief 

is that our smart incentives provide necessary, life-long learning possibilities.

2.4. Synthesis of the problem worth solving

The industry needs educated users as much as it needs skilled employees. Conventional education 

is taking too long to satisfy these demands. Looking from the user’s perspective, there is a lack of a 

clear incentive, especially when the conventional education process is so ingrained in the culture. 

Digital industries such as recruiting and lead-generation are worth hundreds of billions each, but fail 

to be integrated properly to support education, even though there are clear synergies. The reasons 

4 http://voxmate.ru/

5  http://voxmate.ru/

6  https://www2.deloitte.com/

http://voxmate.ru/blog/6-preimushhestv-igrovogo-obucheniya/
http://voxmate.ru/blog/budushhee-geymifikacii/
https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/us/Documents/technology-media-telecommunications/us-tmt-digital-education-survey.pdf


 9

for failure are numerous: the current non-digital nature of education, the biased legacy systems 

of personal contacts, reputation and trust issues, geographic and cultural challenges (if a global 

perspective were taken into account), etc. Educational institutions and digital industries do not 

align very well despite an inherent synergy. This synergy can be better realized by overcoming the 

obstacles of bias with neutral technology. It is essential to start with the most advanced area of the 

education sector – digital economy skill development – before tackling the more mainstream sectors 

of education. But our team is up to both challenges. 



 10

03. BITDEGREE: IT IS ALL ABOUT 
EDUCATION
We are proposing a digital incentivized studying platform as a new tool to grow the global tech talent 

pool.	Companies	in	need	of	tech	talent	will	provide	financial	incentives	to	students	willing	to	participate	

in training courses and to develop their skills. Companies seeking to get people familiar with newly 

introduced	technology	or	services,	will	provide	financial	incentives	to	students	willing	to	spend	time	

to	learn	and	to	try	the	company’s	offerings.	By	providing	incentives,	any	company	explicitly	signals	

the	demand	for	certain	qualifications,	or	informs	about	knowledge	and	skills	needed	to	effectively	

use newly introduced technology/products/services. People looking for new opportunities will learn 

new technologies, develop practical skills in demand, and get familiar with existing technological 

solutions provided by solution providers. Job seekers will enroll to subsidized courses to get more 

knowledge and to develop skills within selected technology topic. The course materials and learning 

process	will	be	made	interactive	and	in	a	highly	engaging	way	by	following	field-proven	gamification	

methods. Students will be able to communicate with other students and course mentors, to pose 

questions,	and	seek	for	more	detailed	explanations.	All	course	material	and	progress	assessment	

will	be	divided	to	small	chunks	in	order	to	enable	short-term	effort	in	the	reward	cycle.	In	addition	

to subsidized course material, each student showing learning progress will be rewarded with 

platform Tokens. Companies providing incentives will be able to get in touch with students enrolled 

in	subsidized	courses,	and	possibly	offer	employment	positions	for	good	performers.	Companies,	

offering	to	accept	Tokens	for	services,	will	allow	students	to	deepen	newly	acquired	skills,	while	using	

commercial	services	offerings.	Students	will	also	be	able	to	exchange	Tokens	on	exchange	platforms.	

The BitDegree platform will register progress of each student, and will provide ways the students can 

prove they overcome the challenge of developing and applying skills to solve problems. BitDegree 

will rely on Ethereum platform to enable incentives scheme and to store transparent record of all 

achievements made by students

3.1. Introducing smart-incentives

Smart-incentive is an Ethereum blockchain based smart-contract ensuring exchange of value (tokens) 

between the incentive creator (sponsor) and the incentive taker (student). Incentive taker is committing 

匀漀挀椀漀ⴀ挀甀氀琀甀爀愀氀 
渀漀爀洀猀 搀爀椀瘀攀 

搀攀挀椀猀椀漀渀 眀栀愀琀 琀漀 
猀琀甀搀礀

一漀 攀搀甀挀愀琀椀漀渀 ⼀ 䠀椀最栀攀爀 
攀搀甀挀愀琀椀漀渀 猀礀猀琀攀洀

⠀㐀ⴀ㘀 礀攀愀爀猀⤀

倀爀攀 愀渀搀 瀀漀猀琀 
挀漀渀瘀攀渀琀椀漀渀愀氀 琀愀氀攀渀琀 
愀渀搀 氀愀戀漀爀 猀甀瀀瀀氀礀

䈀椀琀搀攀最爀攀攀 瀀氀愀琀昀漀爀洀 
瀀爀漀搀甀挀攀猀 琀栀攀 

爀攀焀甀椀爀攀搀 愀洀漀甀渀琀 漀昀 
搀攀洀愀渀搀攀搀 氀愀戀漀爀

匀洀愀爀琀 椀渀挀攀渀琀椀瘀攀猀 昀漀爀 
搀攀洀愀渀搀攀搀 氀愀戀漀爀

䜀䄀倀
䠀椀最栀攀爀 攀搀甀挀愀琀椀漀渀 

猀礀猀琀攀洀
⠀㐀ⴀ㘀 礀攀愀爀猀⤀

䰀愀戀漀爀 猀甀瀀瀀氀礀 䰀愀戀漀爀 搀攀洀愀渀搀 搀爀椀瘀攀渀 
戀礀 戀甀猀椀渀攀猀猀

䰀愀戀漀爀 搀攀洀愀渀搀 搀爀椀瘀攀渀 
戀礀 戀甀猀椀渀攀猀猀

䴀椀猀洀愀琀挀栀 愀渀搀 栀甀最攀 
猀甀瀀瀀氀礀ⴀ搀攀洀愀渀搀 氀愀戀漀爀 洀愀爀欀攀琀 最愀瀀

匀漀挀椀漀ⴀ挀甀氀琀甀爀愀氀 
渀漀爀洀猀 搀爀椀瘀攀 

搀攀挀椀猀椀漀渀 眀栀愀琀 
琀漀 猀琀甀搀礀

吀䠀䔀 䌀伀一嘀䔀一吀䤀伀一䄀䰀 䰀䄀䈀伀刀 䴀䄀刀䬀䔀吀   䔀䐀唀䌀䄀吀䤀伀一 䴀伀䐀䔀䰀

吀䠀䔀 倀刀伀倀伀匀䔀䐀 䈀䤀吀䐀䔀䜀刀䔀䔀 倀䰀䄀吀䘀伀刀䴀 䰀䄀䈀伀刀 䴀䄀刀䬀䔀吀   䔀䐀唀䌀䄀吀䤀伀一 䴀伀䐀䔀䰀

Figure 2. The proposed BitDegree education model



 11

to perform study effort in order to receive the incentive (tokens). The underwriter of this smart-incentive 

is the BitDegree platform, which will provide the proof of study effort verification. Any company (like 

a potential employer or a technology/service provider), government institution, (like a school, job 

centers or prisons) and even ordinary citizens can become an incentive creator. Smart-incentives will 

be	created	by	Incentive	Creators	who	will	provide	sponsorship	amount	and	define	maximum	number	

of applicants, date and time of when students can begin enrollment to course, when enrollment 

becomes unavailable, and how long the incentives are left available to enrolled students. The 

Incentive Creator	will	be	able	to	set	prerequisites	for	candidates,	availability	and	intensity	of	incentives	

for	selected	regions	or	even	specific	areas	e.g.	Tampa,	Florida,	US.	Incentive	Takers	will	be	able	to	

lookup what kind of Study courses are available to them in their locality with respect to their track 

records of achievements. All student engagement with smart-incentive will leave tamper proof trail 

in the blockchain. The smart contract will provide assurance of incentive payment. The use of Token 

enables us to serve the economic incentives to any student in the world, which is not possible with 

flat	money	due	to	high	transaction	costs	

Figure 3. How Smart-incentives work

Proof of study efforts. The	BitDegree	platform	will	 provide	proof	 of	 study	 effort	 verification	 for	

all	courses	hosted	on	the	platform.	We	will	implement	several	familiar	verification	mechanisms	like	

tests,	problem	solving,	creative	assignments	and	others.	The	majority	of	the	verification	mechanisms	

will	be	automated.	In	the	future,	for	specific	types	of	Study	efforts,	the	BitDegree	platform	will	open	

up	to	3rd	party	Proof	of	Study	effort	verifiers,	that	will	provide	study	effort	assessment	and	will	be	

incentivized	to	operate	with	compliance	to	quality	of	service	requirements.	The	incentive	to	verifiers	

will	be	based	on	a	feedback	of	perceived	evaluation	quality	as	experienced	by	 Incentive	Creators.	

Study	efforts	verification	work	will	be	compensated	with	a	small	part	of	the	Incentive	(tokens).	Studye	

吀吀

匀瀀漀渀猀漀爀

䈀䤀吀䐀䔀䜀刀䔀䔀 倀䰀䄀吀䘀伀刀䴀

䴀愀琀挀栀攀猀 匀瀀漀渀猀漀爀 搀攀洀愀渀搀猀 眀椀琀栀 匀琀甀搀攀渀琀猀 
椀渀琀攀渀琀猀 愀渀搀 甀渀搀眀攀爀眀爀椀琀攀猀 琀栀攀 匀洀愀爀琀 䤀渀挀攀渀琀椀瘀攀㬀

䔀渀愀戀氀攀猀 匀琀甀搀礀 攀û漀爀琀㬀

嘀攀爀椀ǻ攀猀 匀琀甀搀礀 攀û漀爀琀⸀

䘀甀琀甀爀攀

㌀爀搀 瀀愀爀琀礀 攀渀愀戀氀攀爀猀 
漀昀 猀琀甀搀礀 攀昀昀漀爀琀

㌀爀搀 瀀愀爀琀礀 瀀爀漀漀昀 漀昀 
猀琀甀搀礀 攀昀昀漀爀琀 瘀攀爀椀ǻ攀爀猀

倀爀漀漀昀 漀昀 猀琀甀搀礀 攀昀昀漀爀琀 
瘀攀爀椀ǻ挀愀琀椀漀渀

匀琀甀搀礀 䔀昀昀漀爀琀
䐀攀洀愀渀搀猀 昀漀爀 
眀漀爀欀攀爀猀

倀愀礀洀攀渀琀 昀漀爀 瘀攀爀椀ǻ挀愀琀椀漀渀 愀渀搀 
攀渀愀戀氀攀洀攀渀琀 漀昀 猀琀甀搀礀 攀昀昀漀爀琀

匀䴀䄀刀吀吀䤀一䌀䔀一吀䤀嘀䔀 匀䴀䄀刀吀 
䌀伀一吀刀䄀䌀吀

匀琀甀搀攀渀琀



 12

ffort	definition	and	enablement	(preparing	and	running	the	course	for	the	Student	to	study)	is	also	

rewarded with a part of the Incentive (tokens).

Study effort enablers (Course authors and mentors). We anticipate the case where 3rd parties will 

create part of study courses. In this case BitDegree will remain the Underwriter of smart-incentives. 

For example, Courses can be created by 3rd parties on demand or at their own discretion, like in 

Coursera, and the creators will earn tokens for usage and teaching of their courses. Once again, 

course	material,	mentorship,	and	verification	will	be	measured	and	judged	according	to	requirements	

of	quality	of	service,	and	will	be	incentivized	accordingly.

Chaining smart incentives together. Smart-incentives can be combined together to form a graph 

of	mandatory	and/or	at	 least	one	 in	a	predefined	set	of	prerequisites,	e.g.,	 student	enrolling	 to	a	

frontend course should learn HTML and any of style setting alternatives (CSS/SASS/LESS/... as well as 

any	of	languages	targeting	EcmaScript/DOM	UavaScript/TypeScript/Eim/..)	to	claim	a	final	front-end	

capability reward. Smart-incentives can be applied to work of any length: a single action, a task, an 

extensive assignment, a degree. This enables continuous learning for big bodies of knowledge and 

different	studying	paths	to	achieve	similar	skillsets.

吀

吀

吀

吀

匀洀愀爀琀 椀渀挀攀渀琀椀瘀攀 
匀洀愀爀琀 挀漀渀琀爀愀挀琀

吀䄀匀䬀 ㄀

匀洀愀爀琀 椀渀挀攀渀琀椀瘀攀 
匀洀愀爀琀 挀漀渀琀爀愀挀琀

吀䄀匀䬀 ㈀

匀洀愀爀琀 椀渀挀攀渀琀椀瘀攀 
匀洀愀爀琀 挀漀渀琀爀愀挀琀

吀䄀匀䬀 ㌀

匀洀愀爀琀 椀渀挀攀渀琀椀瘀攀 
匀洀愀爀琀 挀漀渀琀爀愀挀琀

吀䄀匀䬀 一

匀琀甀搀攀渀琀

䄀匀匀䤀䜀一䴀䔀一吀

Smart-incentives types. We	will	work	with	gamification	specialists	to	design	various	smart-incentives,	

i.e., rewards, incentive prizes, competitions, etc. We particularly believe in the Octalysis framework 

and will apply it to various aspects of BitDegree. In the future, the smart-incentives may be designed 

by 3rd parties, including Sponsors, to be tailored to the needs that we cannot foresee right now.

Figure 4. Example of serial chaining of smart-incentives 



 13

Smart-incentives	have	many	favorable	qualities	and	provide	solutions	to	some	of	the	problems	we	

are aware of:

• they signal topics/skills in demand;

• they	offer	small	rewards	for	small	achievements	and	keep	students	engaged;

• they record all student achievements;

• they provide transparent records of how sponsorship was spent;

• they	may	offer	rewards	to	course	material	creators;

• they	may	offer	rewards	to	human	evaluators	assessing	student’s	progress.

3.2. Gamification as a cornerstone of the platform design

Smart-incentives	have	great	gamification	properties.	As	smart-incentives	can	underwrite	exceedingly	

small	 tasks.	Nowadays,	gamification	 is	a	key	driver	of	a	student’s	motivation.	 It	helps	students	 to	

actively engage in the process and makes learning as fun as playing computer games. Students 

become more productive because a small incentive is always near – like collecting XP points and 

raising	your	Level.	The	gaming	 industry	has	proven	that	 this	concept	works	effectively	and	brings	

financial	 success	 to	 entertainment	 products	 responsive	 to	 human	 conditions:	 stress	 induced	 by	

impatience,	feelings	of	pride	to	be	the	first	to	achieve	a	goal	or	a	need	to	belong	with	some	group.	We	

will	tap	into	the	same	subliminal	pathways	that	our	students	so	effectively	exercise	each	time	they	

play	computer	games	by	implementing	gamification	through	smart-incentives.	

Yu-kai	 Chou	 defines	 gamification	 as	 “Human-Focused	Design”,	 as	 the	 process	 takes	 into	 account	

humans’ feelings along with reasons why people want to do certain things, or not. Yu-kai Chou 

elaborated	a	gamification	framework	called	Octalysis,	which	represents	eight	Core	Drives	of	people’s	

motivations. The Octalysis framework is an octagon shape with the Drives on each side.

According to Yu-kai Chou Core, Drives of people’s motivation are:

1. Epic Meaning & Calling. If a person is engaged in a process and believes that it is the mission of 

great	importance,	he/she	is	ready	to	put	a	lot	of	effort,	free	time	into	pursuing	this	goal.

2. Development & Accomplishment. People like to see the results of the performed activities, 

receive some bonuses or prizes for their accomplishments, and get to the leaders’ list.

3. Empowerment of Creativity & Feedback. None of the awards matters to a person if the goal 

can	be	easily	obtained.	Only	those	rewards	matter,	for	which	a	person	overcomes	difficulties.

4. Ownership & Possession. When a person possesses something, he/she instinctively tries to 

multiply the possessions and/or improve them.

5. Social Influence & Relatedness.	The	fifth	factor	incorporates	all	social	elements	motivating	

people: mentorship, social acceptance, companionship, competition, and envy. When we see a 



 14

friend reach a high level in the game, we, as a rule, wish to catch up with and overtake him/her.

6. Scarcity & Impatience. The sixth factor that motivates a person is the desire to possess 

something simply because of its scarcity.

7. Unpredictability & Curiosity. Curiosity encourages people to continue progress, because they 

want to know what will be next.

8. Loss & Avoidance. The majority of people prefer to act immediately because of fear of losing 

the possibility forever.

The intelligent use of such drivers within the BitDegree platform, will enable us to not only attract 

new students, but will also to contribute towards sustaining the interest of existing users.

Figure 5. Octalysis framework

倀漀猀椀琀椀瘀攀 洀漀琀椀瘀愀琀椀漀渀

刀椀最栀琀 戀爀愀椀渀

一攀最愀琀椀瘀攀 洀漀琀椀瘀愀琀椀漀渀

䰀攀攀 戀爀愀椀渀

䴀攀愀渀椀渀最

䄀瘀漀椀搀愀渀挀攀

伀䌀吀䄀䰀夀匀䤀匀

䄀挀
挀漀

洀
瀀氀

椀猀栀
洀

攀渀
琀 䔀洀

瀀漀眀攀爀洀
攀渀琀

匀挀
愀爀

挀椀琀
礀

唀渀瀀爀攀搀椀挀琀愀戀椀氀椀琀礀

匀
漀挀椀愀氀 䤀渀˻

甀攀渀挀攀
伀

眀
渀攀

爀猀
栀椀

瀀



 15

04. THE BITDEGREE PLATFORM
We love the idea of running BitDegree platform on decentralized blockchain fueled internet. We believe 

in decentralization and self-sustainable architectures, however, we see the need for centralization of 

certain aspects of the platform (at least in the beginning) in order to enable shorter development and 

deployment cycles and to ensure faster market adoption. After evaluating the current technology 

capabilities, such as blockstack.org we have decided to start with mature, conventional web 

technology. With time, we will aim to decentralize such things as course creation, course mentorship, 

verification	of	study,	smart-incentives	creation	and	others.	At	first,	we	want	to	make	platform	that	

is operational and we already have the basic implementations of some of the components in place 

up and running. Initially, the platform will provide minimal set of complete and functional services, 

essential to sustainability of the platform but we have a bold general plan for the future.

4.1. Roadmap and a Bold vision for the BitDegree platform 

We practice agile development and therefore carefully plan for the immediate goals and draw general 

plans	for	the	future	according	to	the	vision	that	we	want	to	achieve.	We	share	the	motto	of	Jeff	Bezos	

–	“We	are	stubborn	on	vision	but	flexible	on	details”.	We	see	at	least	3	essential	stages	of	platform	

development. We have clear plans for v1, however, what will happen in v2 and v3 will depend on the 

lessons learned in v1. 

We follow core guiding principles for the platform design: 

1. decentralization, 

2. transparency, 

3. inclusion, 

4. sustainability, 

5. growth, 

6. disruption. 

We will use these principles when deciding on the strategic direction of the platform and new 

functionalities.



 16

ROADMAP
2007-2016 - 29M+ user base 
Reached 29 million users on 000webhost - free web development learning platform, and Host-

inger - web hosting services. Biggest part of users are young tech-savvy with deep will to learn, 

build and grow. Users love us as an online learning platform already. 

2017 spring - Web fundamentals 
Summary of 500+ articles about web coding fundamentals was prepared. Polishing of the busi-

ness	strategy.	Approaching	first	business	partners.	Consulting	with	numerous	universities	and	

blockchain	companies	to	develop	first	courses.	

2017 summer/autumn - BitDegree ICO 
Period of building Ethereum Smart Contract for upcoming BitDegree ICO event. 

An ERC20 token, auditing SM code. Development of MOOC Educational expertise partnerships. 

Marketing. BitDegree Token Crowdsale & Distribution Event.

2018 winter/spring - Best online IT Learning Courses 
Launching	the	first	Blockchain	course	material.	Hire	field	experts	to	manage	project	expansion.	

Source the best tutors. Blockchain identity registry research and implementation. Onboard 3rd 

party providers. Course material repository and structure generalization. 

Launch	first	100	courses	with	world’s	best	online	learning	experience.

2018 Q2/Q3 - Hype on Student sector 
Continue Blockchain knowledge improvement. First token scholarship issued. First partners 

accept token in BitDegree ecosystem. Start full-stack marketing activities, oriented on student 

engagement	with	strong	influencers	community	&	Alumni	partnerships.	Achievement	and	gami-

fication	tracking	for	students.	Tools	enabling	verification	of	study	effort.	Study	area	and	student	

achievements viewer. Smart incentives contract implementation. Mobile platform development. 

Students as mentors. 3rd party content. 3rd party assessors. 

2018 Q4 - Business Platform launch 
Developed & launched platform for Sponsors. Business development towards strong sponsor-

ships with emphasis development of courses with a focus on skills in-demand. Creating sourcing 

pool for talent. Course material index. Sponsorship area. Course chunks mapping and career 

paths building area. 

Future 
3rd party integrations. Digital Service Provider SDK Development. Building SDK for a third party 

Digital Service Providers to integrate Bitdegree Tokens as a mean of value exchange into market 

cycle. At this point in time blockchain technologies are already widely adopted. Tools for token 

integration into 3rd parties is already present. BitDegree for Business. BitDegree Jobs. BitDegree 

Certification.	BitDegree	Decentralized	Diploma.	BitDegree	education	AI	assistant.	Decentralized	

diploma	viewer.	BitDegree	training.	BitDegree	young	talent	aquisition.	BitDegree	Braille	(blind	

education). BitDegree for Third World countries.

Figure 6. General plan for platform development

https://www.trustpilot.com/review/www.000webhost.com
https://www.bitdegree.org/learn/web-fundamentals


 17

We anticipate that version 1 of the platform will provide a set of essential services: identity registry, 

course material repository, course material index, assessment tools, sponsorship area, study area, 

and student achievement viewer.

4.2. Identity registry 

All platform users, willing to interact with the platform, will be able to create a passwordderived 

cryptographic pseudo-identity. To enjoy full functionality of the platform, users will be able to use 

3rd party service providers to link user’s pseudo-identity to government issued identity and provide 

other information needed to become eligible for sponsored courses. We highly value personal 

privacy,	and	so	we	will	enable	students	themselves	to	choose	their	position	in	a	tradeoff	of	disclosing	

more personal information for becoming eligible to enroll in more subsidized courses. All student 

interactions with smart-incentives will only record pseudo-identities. The linked government issued 

identity will become viewable to sponsors when the student enrolls in a subsidized course, or to 

other	3rd	parties,	when	the	student	shares	a	student	achievement	verification	link	with	the	above	

mentioned 3rd parties. Companies and other organizations will have to disclose their registered 

identities when providing sponsorship. Private citizens will be able to choose if they want to disclose 

their government issued identity when providing sponsorship.

4.3. Course material repository

Enrolling in a course will give students permission to use the course material hosted on the platform. 

Initially, course material will be created or licensed from content creators based on demand from 

sponsors. The course material will be created in small ‘chunks’ (similar to the scope of a single 

Wikipedia page). Each chunk will contain a summary of the content, tags for indexing, explanations 

of	concepts	and	theory,	descriptions	of	the	ways	theory	can	be	applied	to	solve	specific	problems,	

examples of practical applications, challenges for students to apply theory in practice, and a criteria/

dataset	 for	automated	verification	of	 the	understandings/skills	developed.	All	chunks	will	have	an	

associated	knowledge	base	 for	 frequently	asked	questions	and	answers,	alternative	explanations,	

and other user contributed material. Content chunks can be joined to form continuous paths of 

educational	experience	tailored	to	specific	career	positions	and	roles	required	by	sponsors.	Many	

positions	and	roles	require	similar,	but	slightly	distinct,	paths	of	learning	experiences,	thus,	reuse	of	

course materials will allow the reduction of overall costs of course material preparation. Additional 

learning paths can be cheaply assembled by reusing existing chunks and creating only the necessary 

additional	pieces.	Students	can	also	benefit	from	reuse	by	skipping	the	assessment	step	in	case	they	

already successfully completed identical material while in pursuit of another path and, thus, only 

need a short memory refresh.



 18

4.4. Course material index

The course material index is a database used to store and search chunk meta information and 

semantic links among all content chunks. There will be many content chunks available, and as a 

result	finding	something	that	will	fit	a	student’s	career	path	could	be	difficult.	While	tailoring	specific	

learning paths to our sponsors we will detect and name recurring learning paths to be reused later as 

guidance for additional paths. To make search more manageable, the semantic relations of chunks-

to-paths and paths-to-paths will be recorded and continuously maintained. BitDegree will maintain 

public	global	naming	space	for	chunks	and	paths	but	all	sponsors	will	be	able	to	define	their	own	

naming or import chunks and paths distinctly from our global naming space. Selected paths can 

be enhanced with conditions and imbued with smart-incentives. By immutably storing all publicly 

used paths, we can easily vary course material while retaining chunk reusability and the student 

achievement history that points to all chunks involved in course completion.

By managing chunks in a fashion resembling a semantic web, we gain more insights into what other, 

related	concepts	could	be	beneficial	 to	students.	We	will	be	able	 to	 track	which	chunks	are	most	

commonly	used	in	the	critical	paths	of	many	courses	and	improve	them	more	frequently	compared	

to lesser used chunks. A chunk public index will need constant curating, which will be performed by 

BitDegree employees driven by recommendations and inputs from platform users.

4.5. Assessment tools

Fast	and	efficient	self-assessment	is	crucial	to	maintaining	motivation.	We	will	generate	individualized	

chunk-focused or path-focused tests for student self-assessment based on testing datasets provided 

in each chunk. For programming tasks that can be automatically evaluated, this may include executable 

code to test the code written by students. Automated assessment will recommend which topics/

chunks	to	repeat	to	improve	performance.	Many	assignment	types	require	demonstration	of	creative	

thinking and have many known and unknown methods of solving problems given to students.

䄀甀琀漀洀愀琀攀搀 
愀猀猀攀猀猀洀攀渀琀

䠀甀洀愀渀
瘀攀爀椀ǻ攀爀猀

䴀愀挀栀椀渀攀 氀攀愀爀渀椀渀最 
琀攀挀栀渀椀焀甀攀猀

䄀匀匀䔀匀匀䴀䔀一吀 吀伀伀䰀匀

Figure 7. Course asignment assessment tools



 19

Human evaluation is necessary for those types of assignments and we are looking for economically 

balanced	ways	to	incorporate	human	verifiers	(at	first,	course	mentors)	into	assessment.

The	assessment	process	will	also	try	to	detect	cheating	by	applying	machine	learning	techniques	to	

track exhibited student behavior, like the amount of time taken to become familiar with material and 

complete	exercises,	the	tendency	to	ask	questions	and	not	wait	for	the	reply	before	trying	to	assess	

his skills, and therewith, infer a risk rating. The rigor and scrutiny applied to assessment will depend 

on the inferred risk rating. Each assessment will work as a challenge response mechanism, and a 

positive	evaluation	will	result	in	a	signed	achievement	certificate,	which	later	will	be	used	to	claim	the	

smart-incentive reward from the smart-contract.

4.6. Sponsorship area

Identified	 and	 authenticated	 sponsors	 will	 get	 access	 to	 the	 platform’s	 sponsorship	 area.	 They	

will be able to use a guided process to express their needs in the form of campaigns. An example 

campaign	would	encode	information	on	the	budget	available	(X	tokens	worth	8000	USD),	pre-defined	

satisfactory	results	 (e.g.,	prepare	two	candidates	for	unfilled	front-end	positions),	the	qualification	

goals for candidates in the form of learning paths successfully completed (e.g., developers with 

demonstrated experience of using angular2 to implement a web shopping cart application). Another 

campaign example would encode the budget allowance, limits on number of students enrolling and 

topics (e.g., covering the use of the sponsor’s product) being sponsored. We are looking into many 

ways	sponsors	will	be	able	to	define	their	satisfactory	results,	constrain	students’	eligibility,	establish	

rules	of	splitting-off	sponsorship	amounts	to	reward	joining	campaigns	(enrolling	in	courses),	and	the	

use of dynamic pricing principles (within the budget scope), depending on the results of the ongoing 

campaign. Sponsors will be able to increase the budget and targeted students for a campaign at 

any	time.	The	campaign	will	be	publicly	announced	after	it	has	been	defined	and	planned,	and	the	

budget paid. The platform will try to match students that have expressed interest in topics covered 

by sponsored courses and will notify them in advance of a slightly delayed public announcement 

to	other	qualified	students.	Given	the	sufficient	budget	allocation	to	help	mentor	new	talent,	and	

an	openly	disclosed	compensation	for	any	positions	being	offered,	the	students	with	achievements	

matching	the	required	qualifications,	and	willing	to	receive	position	offers	will	be	notified	about	the	

newly opened positions. Sponsors will be able to track overall student enrollment and individual 

progress	of	each	enrolled	student.	Automatically	triggered	notifications	will	be	sent	to	sponsors	when	

campaign results are being partially or fully matched, (i.e., one or several students having successfully 

completed	all	assessments,	proving	their	qualifications	for	open	positions)..

4.7. Study area 

Identified	and	authenticated	students	will	be	authorized	to	access	the	study	area	of	the	BitDegree	

platform.	During	the	first	visit	to	the	area,	students	will	be	asked	to	create	a	student	profile.	They	



 20

will be asked to disclose some personal information, to establish their privacy settings, to rank study 

fields	 and	 topics	 in	 order	 of	 interest,	 and	 to	 select	ways	 they	 can	 be	 contacted	 by	 the	 platform.	

Personal information includes mandatory information, like government issued identity (name, 

surname), date of birth, location of residence, and it may include optional factors like native 

language,	 proficiency	 in	 foreign	 languages,	 and	other	 personal	 factors.	 Privacy	 settings	will	 allow	

the restriction of when, how, and which personal information may be disclosed to other parties. For 

example, some sponsorships may only be made available to residents of certain areas, therefore 

the	platform	will	not	offer	enrollment	 to	 students	who	prefer	 to	hide	 their	 location	of	 residence.	

Students will be asked how they can be reached (by email, Facebook, text message, etc.) in the event 

that new sponsored studies, matching their interests would become available, or new employment 

positions matching their achievements become available, plus all other listed and unlisted cases. 

Any case can be enabled or disabled individually at the student’s discretion. After completing their 

profiles	students	will	be	able	to	look	up	available	sponsored	study	courses	and	read	about	rewards	

and	perks	(like	job	offers	for	the	first	or	top	achievers)	associated	with	successful	participation	and	

completion of a sponsored course. Students can access selected course material by enrolling in a 

particular	course.	The	enrolment	process	may	include	answering	some	questions,	such	as	how	much	

time a student has available to engage a selected course. This will allow sponsors to estimate the 

time-to-completion of the course. Students will access course material and complete self-assessment 

exercises whenever they feel ready for it. Students are able to communicate to other students or 

course	mentors	 if	 they	are	unable	to	answer	any	questions.	Sponsors	will	be	tracking	progress	of	

students enrolled in courses and will be able to initiate a dialog with any enrolled student. Students 

will	get	notified	when	such	communication	is	desired	by	a	sponsor	and	will	be	given	means	to	accept	

and continue the dialogue.

4.8. Student achievements viewer

As part of our prospective vision we see BitDegree being used as the main platform to attract talent, 

yet old-fashioned ways may continue to be in use. When responding to old-fashioned job applications, 

BitDegree students will be able to generate and include a link to their achievements viewer page on 

BitDegree showing a summary of their achievements made on the BitDegree platform. Students 

will be able to select what achievements they want to be visible to the viewers, as some may not 

be	 needed	 for	 a	 specific	 employer	 or	 job	 application.	 Every	 prospective	 employer	 can	 receive	 a	

distinct	and	custom-tailored	link.	The	achievement	viewer	will	display	a	verified	government	issued	

student identity, and courses taken and successfully completed without disclosing the student’s 

pseudoidentity. Although no direct link between pseudo-identity and government issued identity will 

be disclosed on the achievements viewer, this may not prevent highly motivated employers from 

looking for correlations of disclosed achievements and matching achievements on the blockchain to 

reveal the pseudo-identity and, thus, all other undisclosed achievements on the platform.



 21

Version 1 of BitDegree platform will provide solutions to most of the problems we seek to 

solve:

• It will match business and student incentives;

• It	will	allow	businesses	to	familiarize	students	with	their	offerings;

• It will enable opportunistic, continuous learning for people striving to gain new desired skills and 

knowledge;

• It will lower costs of sharing the knowledge and assessing knowledge/skills;

• It	will	help	motivate	students	to	continue	with	their	study	efforts	and	will	provide	incentives	to	

those progressing forward.

In the future, large and detailed data sets of information about BitDegree users will allow for useful 

big	 data	 analysis	 revealing	 career	 guidance	 and	 employment-fit	matchmaking.	 Imagine	 students’	

being able to completely by-pass the conventional education system and be guided to their most 

profitable	 and/or	 exciting	 career	 options	 based	 on	 how	 well	 they	 are	 studying	 micro-courses.	

Moreover, we could steer students toward course choices that guarantee employment right after the 

completion. BitDegree will become an essential tool to unlock this unprecedented potential and to 

disrupt outdated education systems. This is the future that we believe in and will do our best to bring 

to reality.

In the scope of Version 2 of the BitDegree platform we will increase the choices of available content, 

introduce localized version of course material, and scale mentorship and assessment functions. 

We would like to include more human touch and guidance in the learning process. Only open and 

flourishing	ecosystems	can	grow	beyond	their	original	limitations,	and	opening	up	the	platform	will	

be a primary objective for us.

䄀氀氀漀眀 戀甀猀椀渀攀猀猀攀猀 琀漀 
昀愀洀椀氀椀愀爀椀稀攀 猀琀甀搀攀渀琀猀 
眀椀琀栀 琀栀攀椀爀 漀昀昀攀爀椀渀最猀

䔀渀愀戀氀攀 挀漀渀琀椀渀甀漀甀猀 
氀攀愀爀渀椀渀最 昀漀爀 猀琀甀搀攀渀琀猀

䰀漀眀攀爀 挀漀猀琀猀 漀昀 
猀栀愀爀椀渀最 欀渀漀眀氀攀搀最攀 
愀渀搀 愀猀猀攀猀猀椀渀最 猀欀椀氀氀猀

䴀漀琀椀瘀愀琀攀 猀琀甀搀攀渀琀猀 戀礀 
瀀爀漀瘀椀搀椀渀最 椀渀挀攀渀琀椀瘀攀猀

䴀愀琀挀栀 戀甀猀椀渀攀猀猀 
愀渀搀 猀琀甀搀攀渀琀 
椀渀挀攀渀琀椀瘀攀猀

Figure 8. Bitdegree platform benefits



 22

4.9. Inclusion of third party course material 

We aim to establish a live ecosystem of content creators contributing to the success of the platform. 

Third parties will be able to contribute to the scope of a single chunk, a series of progressive chunks 

or	even	a	complete	course	covering	a	specific	area	of	expertise.	Contributors	could	 register	 their	

fields	of	expertise	and	receive	requests	to	create	content	for	new	or	trending	topics	and/or	improve	

existing content in exchange for compensation. Unsolicited opportunistic content creation could 

also help cover less trendy but nonetheless important topics (as in a COBOL developer course or 

OpenVMS administrator training material). 

Contributors will have to adhere to contribution guidelines for course material to be accepted. The 

guidelines will cover acceptable forms of knowledge transfer methods supported by our platform, 

requirements	 for	 datasets	 used	 to	 assess	 completion,	 conflict	 resolution	 processes,	 acceptable	

content licensing terms, and other details. 

We are looking into secure schemes of providing fair and reasonable incentives to contributors.

Conventional learning platforms with standard rewards schemes to contributors have certain 

weaknesses that can be abused. In such abusive schemes, giving rewards directly to content providers 

does	not	really	contribute	benefits	to	students.	Testing	and	research	into	aligning	the	interests	of	all	

parties involved will be needed. We would like to explore ways to measure how helpful 3rd party-

supplied material is to learning a subject during our testing phases via implicit (passive observation) 

feedback	from	students	and	A/B	testing	of	the	same	content	from	different	content	providers.	We	

believe that rewards collected for continuously providing contributions to our platform could become 

a source of steady income for active contributors.

4.10. Third party assessors

Intricate	 and	 complex	 topics	 require	more	flexible	 and	 responsive	 assessment	 that	 only	humans	

can provide (at least today). Standard testing practices that give lots of false negatives by assessing 

only minor details and overlooking the broader picture of the persona may not reveal talented 

students. That is why a second opinion from a human assessor may provide a great opportunity to 

keep	students	from	dropping	out.	As	more	and	more	content	from	different	fields	of	science	and	

technology become available on the platform, the inevitable need for human assessors will become 

evident.	Some	advanced	qualifications	may	even	require	3rd	party	assessors	to	verify	knowledge/

skills in a controlled environment and in the physical presence of the student. Many 3rd parties 

provide professional assessment services and we will tabs on the market for existing solutions.

4.11. Students as mentors 

Most	of	us	have	had	the	enlightening	experience	of	finally	understanding	some	complex	topic	with	



 23

just a little push and help from another student or a master of the craft, when books and blogs failed 

to	deliver	 the	final	missing	piece	of	 the	whole	picture.	Allowing	distinguished	students	 to	mentor	

other	students	can	greatly	benefit	them	both.	To	help	someone	else	understand	new	concepts,	one	

must look for several ways to present such concepts and their relationships to other concepts. This 

practice	deepens	a	mentor’s	understanding	and	sometimes	 leads	 to	new	 insights.	Different	deep	

perspectives delivered by a mentor can shorten the time it takes for a student to grasp the concept 

and its utility for solving problems. We will be researching technological solutions for students to 

solicit help from mentors and enable seamless mentor-student communication to achieve that ‘Ah-

Ha!’ moment. Furthermore, we will seek suitable incentive models to apply to the circumstance.

The path to the 3rd Version of the platform will lead to even broader content available to students  

as a result of strategic partnerships with other education platforms.

4.12. Integration with 3rd party education platforms

Integration	with	 3rd	 party	 education	 platforms	will	 provide	mutual	 benefits	 to	 BitDegree	 and	 its	

partners. BitDegree would mine the data of recurring sponsorship from major employers to match 

students with the best studying options available, not limited to just the content available on the 

BitDegree platform. We would seek assessors that are independent of 3rd party platforms to organize 

intermediate/	final	assessments.



 24

吀伀䬀䔀一 䴀䄀刀䬀䔀吀匀

匀瀀漀渀猀漀爀

䤀渀挀攀渀琀椀瘀攀猀 䤀渀挀攀渀琀椀瘀攀猀 䤀渀挀攀渀琀椀瘀攀猀 䤀渀挀攀渀琀椀瘀攀猀

匀攀氀氀 匀攀氀氀 匀攀氀氀 匀攀氀氀 唀猀攀 匀攀爀瘀椀挀攀猀

匀瀀漀渀猀漀爀

匀攀氀氀 匀攀氀氀

吀䠀䔀 倀䰀䄀吀䘀伀刀䴀

匀瀀漀渀猀漀爀猀 匀琀甀搀攀渀琀䴀攀渀琀漀爀猀䌀漀渀琀攀渀琀 
䌀爀攀愀琀漀爀猀

䄀猀猀攀猀猀漀爀猀 䐀椀最椀琀愀氀 匀攀爀瘀椀挀攀 
倀爀漀瘀椀搀攀爀猀

05. TOKEN CYCLE AND BENEFITS TO 
PARTIES INVOLVED

Figure 9. Token flow

Sponsors are the main economic fuel for sustainable BitDegree economy. The economic incentive 

for Sponsors to buy BitDegree tokens is the targeted platform for the employer branding and 

recruitment of tech talent. Corporate and private employers, HR companies, government and non-

government	organizations,	other	talent	acquisition	and	talent	growth	structures/agents	will	be	buying	

tokens to initiate, fund and create courses, establish scholarships and other rewards targeting exact 

topics	and	areas	of	study.	For	the	spent	tokens,	Sponsors	will	be	able	find,	train	and	recruit	talent.	

Digital service providers, who want to familiarize users with their products, would buy tokens to 

sponsor	the	students	willing	to	spend	time	to	learn	the	products	offered.	By	providing	sponsorship	

to BitDegree platform and accepting BitDegree tokens IAAS/SAAS and other digital service providers 

will be able to attract freshly minted technology power users. The BitDegree platform will spend 

tokens to incentivize students, content providers, assessors, mentors and to cover marketing and 

other operational expenses.

Content providers, assessors and mentors will receive compensation (in a form of tokens) for their 

contributions to the platform and for helping to organize educational process. We anticipate most of 

the compensations received will be sold in token markets.

People looking for new opportunities or jobs will study on the platform. Students will receive tokens 

as rewards for choosing to study topics in demand and for continuing to show learning progress in a 



 25

form	of	tokens.	Good	performers	are	likely	to	receive	offers	to	join	sponsoring	companies.	Students	

may	also	accept	offers	to	familiarize	themselves	with	services	provided	by	digital service providers 

for a fee (in a form of tokens). Students will be exchanging tokens for the services and products of 

digital service providers, spend tokens on the BitDegree.org platform (for premium or non-sponsored 

courses,	funding	of	courses	on	topics	of	interest,	etc.)	and	exchange	tokens	to	fiat	on	token	markets.

The	amount	spent	by	a	U.S.	company	to	fill	an	open	position	approaches	4,000	USD	and	the	entire	

recruitment market is over 200 billion USD worldwide. We do not doubt the fungibility of t h e 

BitDegree Token.



 26

06. WHY BITDEGREE IS SUPERIOR TO ITS 
ALTERNATIVES
There are many well established companies providing remote learning experience like Coursera, 

Khan Academy, EdX, CodeCademy, FutureLearn, XuetangX, Udacity and others. These companies 

run platforms to provide access to content, assess student knowledge, enable student to mentor 

communication. Each company has its take on how to cover its running expenses, for example: by 

being supported by consortium of universities, providing paid course or paid assessment, providing 

company	 and	 product	 branding.	 By	 being	 pioneers	 in	 the	 new	 field,	 those	 companies	 burned	

through huge amounts of investments to learn about things that does work together and things 

that	does	not	fit	well.	Sadly,	after	becoming	very	popular,	they	become	too	big	to	risk	introducing	

radically new ideas to get funded, introducing new forms of training material, or experimenting with 

new communication patterns. The current success of these companies is staggering and allows to 

measure the size of market we are about to enter. Top 10 of these companies have in excess of 110 

million cumulative registered users with some companies showing revenue in excess of 60M USD.

We are coming late to the market. Coming late to the market allows us to study history and attempts 

of	each	company	to	test	ideas,	techniques	and	to	create	user	centric	focused	workflows.	Being	small	

allows us to rapidly test new ideas and ways we respond to the needs of our students, sponsors and 

contributors. We studied most of well-established remote education providers by enrolling to courses 

and	learned	best	practices	used	but	also	experienced	many	difficulties.	We	analyzed	availability	and	

price	of	certification,	availability	of	scholarship,	value	provided	to	scholarship	sponsors	and	a	level	of	

gamification	employed	in	educational	process.

COURSES FREE OR 
PAID?

Free Free Paid Mostly free

CERTIFICATES BitDegree ID
For CodeCademy Pro 
Intensive only Yes, but paid Yes, but paid

SCHOLARSHIPS/
EARN TO LEARN

Earn to learn No scholarship available
For individual courses 
only

For individual courses 
only

VALUE TO  
SPONSORS

• Receive high-skilled 
workers
• Advertise their 
products and services

• Receive high-skilled 
workers

• Increase number of 
users
• Advertise their 
products and services

• Increase number of 
users
• Advertise their 
products and services

GAMIFICATION Extensive Little None None

BLOCKCHAIN BASED Yes No No No

Figure 10. Bit Degree advantages matrix



 27

一
伀

⸀ 䌀
伀

唀
刀匀

䔀匀

㠀Ⰰ　　　

㜀Ⰰ　　　

㘀Ⰰ　　　

㔀Ⰰ　　　

㐀Ⰰ　　　

㌀Ⰰ　　　

㈀Ⰰ　　　㈀Ⰰ　　　

㄀Ⰰ　　　

　
㈀　㄀㈀ ㈀　㄀㌀ ㈀　㄀㐀 ㈀　㄀㔀 ㈀　㄀㘀 ㈀　㄀㜀 ㈀　㈀　

Figure 11. The rise of the MOOCs courses. (Source: Class Central)

Although	gamification	techniques	are	well	tested	and	proven	to	help	motivate	consumers	in	other	

fields	it	is	still	seldom	used	by	existing	competitors,	who	stick	to	more	old	style,	tried	and	true	

academic approaches. We will assemble the current best practices of providing free access to 

teaching	material	and	augment	it	with	learning	process	gamification,	human	mentorship,	free	and	

verifiable	assessment,	financial	incentives	to	students	and	employer-student	matching	capabilities.	

Non of our competitors employs all of these features.

We are not a big threat to existing market players as the education market is expanding wildly 

and can accommodate additional players. Each player brings exclusive features meant to attract 

customers, but strategic partnerships are common in the exchange of training material. However, 

with	time	we	believe	our	gamification	and	incentives	based	model	will	show	its	benefits	and	lead	to	

capturing	a	significant	share	of	the	remote	education	market.

6.1. The market potential of BitDegree

It is easy for everyone to observe the rapid expansion of the remote education and e-learning 

markets. We believe that with the new incentivized learning model, BitDegree brings the next wave 

of e-learning adoption, which will spur the growth of the user base. We estimate the user base to 

double every two years..



 28

一伀刀吀䠀 䄀䴀䔀刀䤀䌀䄀

䰀䄀吀䤀一 䄀䴀䔀刀䤀䌀䄀

䄀䘀刀䤀䌀䄀

圀䔀匀吀䔀刀一 䔀唀刀伀倀䔀

䔀䄀匀吀䔀刀一 䔀唀刀伀倀䔀

䴀䤀䐀䐀䰀䔀 䔀䄀匀吀

䄀匀䤀䄀

吀伀吀䄀䰀

␀ ㈀㌀Ⰰ㌀㌀㜀⸀㐀

␀ ㈀Ⰰ㄀　㘀⸀　

␀ 㘀　㜀⸀㜀

␀ 㘀㠀㌀⸀㜀

␀ ㄀　Ⰰ㤀㌀㘀⸀㔀

␀ 㐀㘀Ⰰ㘀㜀㐀⸀㘀㜀

␀ 㜀Ⰰ㤀㜀㠀⸀㘀

␀ ㄀Ⰰ　㈀㐀⸀㠀

㈀　㄀㘀 圀伀刀䰀䐀圀䤀䐀䔀 刀䔀嘀䔀一唀䔀 䘀伀刀 匀䔀䰀䘀䘀倀䄀䌀䔀䐀 䔀䘀䰀䔀䄀刀一䤀一䜀 倀刀伀䐀唀䌀吀匀 䄀一䐀 匀䔀刀嘀䤀䌀䔀匀 䈀夀 
刀䔀䜀䤀伀一  䤀一 唀匀␀ 䴀䤀䰀䰀䤀伀一匀匀

Figure 12. Worldwide revenue for self-paced e-learning

By aligning the interests of potential employers and students using the education platform we enter 

the talent sourcing market as well. There is a growing demand for digital professionals, which in 

the	EU	alone	is	expected	to	reach	9	million	by	2020,	while	globally	this	figure	is	expected	to	be		3-5	

million higher. This huge demand and short supply is the reason why in the US, it costs on average 

4000	USD	to	fill	a	vacancy.



 29

䨀伀
䈀匀

 䐀
䔀䴀

䄀
一

䐀
 倀

伀
吀䔀

一
吀䤀

䄀
䰀

㤀Ⰰ㔀　　Ⰰ　　　

㤀Ⰰ　　　Ⰰ　　　

㠀Ⰰ㔀　　Ⰰ　　　

㠀Ⰰ　　　Ⰰ　　　
㈀　㄀㔀 ㈀　㄀㘀 ㈀　㄀㜀 ㈀　㄀㠀 ㈀　㄀㤀 ㈀　㈀　

Figure 13. Rise of the demand for digital professionals (vacancies) in the EU. (Source: IT professional 
and Innovation leadership labour market data and forecast for EU28)

Figure 14. Digital staffing gaps. (Source: BCG analysis)

In fact, we expect a severe shortfall in digital talent around the world by 2020, when according to a 

Gartner	study,	30%	of	tech	jobs	will	be	unfilled,	due	to	digital	talent	shortfalls.

We	believe	that	these	trends	warrant	and	confirm	BitDegree’s	business	model	and	that	there	is	

clear demand for our value proposition.

䘀爀漀渀琀ⴀ攀渀搀 搀攀瘀攀氀漀瀀攀爀

䐀椀最椀琀愀氀 倀爀漀搀甀挀琀 䴀愀渀愀最攀爀

匀漀氀甀琀椀漀渀 䄀爀挀栀椀琀攀挀琀

䈀愀挀欀ⴀ䔀渀搀 䐀攀瘀攀氀漀瀀攀爀

唀堀⼀唀䤀 䐀攀猀椀最渀攀爀

䐀䤀䜀䤀吀䄀䰀 匀吀䄀䘀䘀䤀一䜀 䜀䄀倀匀  一唀䴀䈀䔀刀 伀䘀 䔀䴀倀䰀伀夀䔀䔀匀匀

䨀伀䈀 倀刀伀䘀䤀䰀䔀匀 ㈀　㄀㘀 ㈀　㄀㜀 ㈀　㄀㠀 ㈀　㄀㤀 ㈀　㈀　 ㈀　㈀㄀

㈀　

㐀

㔀

㄀㔀

㌀　

-㐀

-㄀

　

-㔀

-㄀㔀

-㜀

-㈀

-㄀

-㈀㜀

-㘀㈀

-㤀

-㄀㈀

-㄀

-㤀

-㘀㈀

-㈀㘀

-㜀㌀

-㄀

-㐀㔀

-㜀㄀

-㠀㈀

-㘀㌀

-㈀

-㔀㈀

-㜀㐀

匀栀漀爀琀昀愀氀氀 ⠀─⤀

ⴀ㜀㔀 ⴀ㔀　 ⴀ㈀㔀 ⴀ㄀㔀 ⴀ㔀 㔀 ㄀　 ㄀㔀 ㈀　 ㈀㔀 㸀㈀㔀

匀甀爀瀀氀甀猀 ⠀─⤀



 30

07. TOKEN LAUNCH
BitDegree will issue an ERC20 compatible token, which will be used to provide incentives to students 

and contributors of the platform. 

The	sale	of	BitDegree	tokens	will	be	final	and	non-refundable.	The	BitDegree	will	not	be	responsible	

for any loss of BitDegree tokens or situations making it impossible to access BitDegree tokens, which 

may	result	from	any	actions	or	omissions	of	the	user	or	nay	person	undertaking	to	acquire	BitDegree	

tokens, as well as in case of hacker attacks.

We	plan	to	offer	anyone	sharing	our	vision	to	contribute	to	the	development	of	BitDegree	by	buying	

BitDegree	tokens	during	the	Initial	Coin	Offering	event,	which	will	be	held	on	Q4,	2017.	BitDegree	goal	

is to raise a minimum of 5 million USD and to stop accepting contributions when 25-30 million USD 

will be collected. Some of the numbers may change due to ETH/USD exchange rate volatility, but the 

following numbers are best estimates as of September, 2017.

• Maximum financing:  

30,000 ETH - may change due to exchange rate changes;  

• Minimum financing:  

550 ETH - may change due to exchange rate changes;

• Exchange rate:  

1 ETH = 10,000 Bitdegree Tokens - may change with ETH exchange rates; 

• Token contract address:  

Will be published only on website bitdegree.org 48hrs before the crowdsale launch date;

• Launch date and time:  

Date to be announced soon. Block number will be published on website. Dates may be prone to 

change;

• Token launch time-frame:  

30 days.

• Token launch completion:  

Token launch will end when either the maximum number of ETH is raised or 30 days have 

passed. If less than the minimum of ETHs are raised, ETH can be retrieved by holders of 

BitDegree Token;

• Contributors sending ETH to BitDegree Smart Contract address will immediately receive 

tokens.

http://bitdegree.org


 31

Scholarships.  

Scholarships pool will be used to incentivize users to participate in the BitDegree ecosystem in the 

early days of its operation. No new tokens will be created once the user growth pool is exhausted.

Budget Allocation 

• BitDegree Platform: 30% of budget.  

The	team	consists	of	over	10	engineers	[DS8]	and	MOOC	experts	fulfilling	the	key	roles	in	the	

company	–	sales,	marketing,	legal	and	others.	This	financing	allows	the	rollout	and	operations	of	

the BitDegree platform;

• Courses development: 30% of budget.  

Token Distribution

• BitDegree foundation: 66 million (locked for 360 days);

• Scholarships pool: 165 million;

• Token available to public at launch: 336,6 million;;

• Team: 66 million (locked for 720 days);

• Advisors / Partners:  13,2 million (locked for 160 days);

• Bounties :  13,2 million;

• Tokens in total: 660 million.

䈀漀甀渀琀椀攀猀

匀挀栀漀氀愀爀猀栀椀瀀猀

吀漀欀攀渀猀 昀漀爀 瀀甀戀氀椀挀

䄀搀瘀椀猀漀爀猀Ⰰ 倀愀爀琀渀攀爀猀 

吀攀愀洀

吀伀䬀䔀一
䐀䤀匀吀刀䤀䈀唀吀䤀伀一

㈀─

㈀─

㄀　─ 㔀㄀─

㈀㔀─

䈀椀琀䐀攀最爀攀攀 䘀漀甀渀搀愀琀椀漀渀
㄀　─

Figure 15. Token distribution doughnut chart



 32

These	funds	will	be	directed	at	third-party	education	professionals,	offering	online	courses	and	

content production;;

• Marketing and business development: 25% of budget.  

Marketing will focus on expanding awareness and adoption of the BitDegree platform and 

the platform solution among users, publishers and advertisers. This also includes the growth 

and maintenance of the world-wide community. Marketing, growth-hacking, PR, partnerships, 

affiliate	programs	and	more;;

• Operational: 8% of budget.  

Consists of BitDegree legal, security, accounting and other associated administration costs;

• Security: 2% of budget. 

This part of the budget is set-aside for auditing software.

• Reserve: 5% of budget. 

This part of the budget is set-aside for unforeseen expenditure.

㈀─
匀攀挀甀爀椀琀礀

㔀─
刀攀猀攀爀瘀攀

㌀　─
䈀椀琀䐀攀最爀攀攀 倀氀愀琀昀漀爀洀

䴀愀爀欀攀琀椀渀最Ⰰ
䈀甀猀椀渀攀猀猀 䐀攀瘀攀氀漀瀀洀攀渀琀

㈀㔀─

伀瀀攀爀愀琀椀漀渀愀氀
㠀─

䌀漀甀爀猀攀猀 䐀攀瘀攀氀漀瀀洀攀渀琀

㌀　─

䈀唀䐀䜀䔀吀
䄀䰀䰀伀䌀䄀吀䤀伀一

Figure 16. Budget allocation chart



 33

08. BITDEGREE TEAM
The need for the BitDegree solution was recognized by the team behind Hostinger - one of the top 

global web hosting providers. Hostinger works to enable millions of people around the globe to 

unlock the power of Internet by giving them tools to learn, create and grow online. The most popular 

Hostinger services can be reached online at:

www.hostinger.com, www.000webhost.com, www.hostinger.es, www.hostinger.com.br,  

www.hostinger.ru, www.hostinger.co.id, www.hostinger.fr. 

Marketing of BitDegree will start from the existing 29 million user base of Hostinger and 000webhost 

-	 loyal,	 web-passionate,	 learning	 and	 innovation	 open,	 worldwide	 community.	 Our	 confidence	

in BitDegree success comes from more than 10 years of experience in analyzing the needs and 

challenges faced by the millions of Hostinger customers worldwide.

8.1. People behind BitDegree

The team is comprised of multi-skilled professionals that have worked with each other in various 

capacities and became friends. This joins the project that everyone in the team is highly passionate 

about. This is the time when everyone dreams big and goes big. Most of the team has already worked 

together scaling solutions that reached millions of users and stumbled upon the need to educate 

them, whereas some others have worked on the educational initiatives experience, which can be 

directly applied to BitDegree.

Andrius Putna, CEO, co-founder

11 years in software engineering. Blockchain advocate. Person behind the success of 000webhost - 

world’s	first	and	biggest	free	cloud	hosting	platform	designed	for	learning,	testing	and	experimenting.	

Hostinger product architect.

Danielius Stasiulis, CBO, co-founder

Head	of	Startup	Division	at	Civitta	 (7	 years)	 -	 the	 leading	management	 consulting	firm	 in	Eastern	

Europe. Advised 300+ startups and worked with many startup programs, including Berkeley Skydeck 

in Silicon Valley. He focuses on ICO and blockchain-based business models.

Ervinas Rimdeika, CLO, co-founder

Ervinas	is	a	FinTech	fan	and	has	extensive	practice	in	related	fields	of	corporate,	intellectual	property	

and	business	transaction	law	questions	as	well.	He	worked	not	only	at	a	few	well-known	law	firms,	

but also at one of the largest company’s group in Lithuania and Baltic States. In previous years Ervinas 

Rimdeika was a member of one of the top raising Baltics FinTech startups and reached impressive 

results, where Lithuanian Supreme Court changed case-law and formed new interpretation rules on 

financial	lease	and	other	matters.	Clients	and	colleagues	especially	value	Ervinas	Rimdeika	for	deep	

http://www.hostinger.com
http://www.000webhost.com
http://www.hostinger.es
http://www.hostinger.com.br
http://www.hostinger.ru
http://www.hostinger.co.id
http://www.hostinger.fr


 34

legal knowledge, critical and strategic thinking, in-depth analysis of the problems as well as rational 

approach.

Rio Asatiani, CMO, co-founder

With	more	than	14	years	of	experience	in	effective	customer	acquisition,	working	with	new	brands	

and	startup	launches,	Rio	is	a	growth-hacking	guru	&	Google	Certified	Partner	who	led	000webhost	

and Hostinger to an international success in more than 40 countries by attracting 29+ millions of new 

users.	He	joined	the	BitDegree	project	having	a	strong	vision	in	innovative	acquisition	channels	and	

solid experience in growth-hacking. Rio ensures the success of BitDegree on an international level.

8.2. Advisors

Jeff Burton, Serial Entrepreneur, co-founder of Electronic Arts

Global	 technology	 executive,	 keynote	 speaker,	 and	 a	 Silicon	 Valley	 veteran,	 Jeff	 was	 a	 founding	

team	member	of	Electronic	Arts,	where	he	oversaw	the	global	expansion	of	its	operations.	Jeff	has	

high-level connections in Silicon Valley and around the world that he is using to help startups like 

BitDegree.	 Jeff	developed	U	C	Berkeley’s	 Skydeck	 startup	 accelerator	 and	 is	 currently	 involved	 in	

helping	startups	around	the	world	to	grow	and	scale	into	the	Silicon	Valley.	Jeff	is	an	experienced,	

dedicated contributor who believes in BitDegree and wants to help.

Roberto Santana, Product and Strategy Advisor, Former Senior Manager at Coursera

Entrepreneur and Former Product Management Growth Lead at Coursera. Roberto played a role 

in	helping	Coursera	scale	to	a	global	level	and	acquire	over	27	million	learners	worldwide.	Roberto	

is Stanford MBA with 3 engineering degrees in computer science and design. His exceptional 

engineering and technical knowledge has led him to scale several startups by managing the project 

and business development, including San Francisco-based Zendesk, where he helped grow number 

of paying customers by 60%. Prior to his work in the Valley, Roberto was a Senior Engineer with 

Shell, where he led cross-functional team responsible for the delivery of products that accounted for 

$400M	in	refinery	revenues.

Maurice De Hond, Steve JobsSchool Founder, Personalized Learning Advisor

A successful entrepreneur and founder of Steve JobsSchool - a modern elementary school concept 

designed to see each child as an individual and nurture him based on his strengths and interests. 

This	learning	model	quickly	became	successful	and	is	already	adopted	in	more	than	35	schools	in	

the Netherlands. Being the pioneer of innovative learning ensures the implementation of modern 

educational solutions on the Bitdegree platform on the long term that will establish a solid foundation 

for IT passionate people to reach their full potential.

James K. Scarborough, Stanford University PhD., Gamification Advisor



 35

Currently a candidate for PhD. at Stanford University, James main focus is to deeply engage players 

for the purpose of increasing workplace, classroom, and similar forms of individual and team-

based	productivity.	He	is	currently	involved	in	projects	assessing	the	effects	of	real	social	interaction	

in	 virtual	 spaces	 concerning	 primarily	 energy	 efficiency	 behaviors,	 gender	 and	 culture	 specific	

responses, and the physiological impact of social interactions in goal-oriented game environments. 

Having	a	profound	experience	in	gamification	and	working	with	companies	that	created	such	games	

as Tetris, Civilization, Falcon Flight Simulator, led him to joining the BitDegree team and assures a 

deeply engaging environment of the platform on the long term.

Arnas Stuopelis, COO, co-founder

Arnas is the CEO of Hostinger. Prior to taking the role of the CEO, for 6 years Arnas was responsible 

for business development at Hostinger. He successfully expanded Hostinger on a global level as 

well as played an important role when creating one of the most successful web hosting brands in 

Indonesia - Niagahoster.co.id. With his profound entrepreneurship skills and a solid experience in 

business development, Arnas knows how to scale a project to global success..

Ričardas Pocius, Technical advisor

Ricardas is a passionate distributed systems engineer who enjoys sharing his experience and 

knowledge with others. Determined to keep magic out of the systems. Organizer of Erlang workshop/

meetup in Vilnius,LT.



 36

REFERENCES
[1] S. Bhens, L. Lau, H. Sarrazin, “The new tech talent you need to succeed in digital”, 

http://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/digital-mckinsey/our-insights/the-new-tech-talent-you-need-

to-succeed-in-digital, 2016

[2] J. Bersin, “Google For Jobs: Potential To Disrupt The $200 Billion Recruiting Industry” https://www.

forbes.com/sites/joshbersin/2017/05/26/google-for-jobs-potential-to-disrupt-the-200-billion-recruiting-

industry/#2c0fb9714d1f, 2017

[3] https://www.funderbeam.com/startups/hackerrank

[4] ”HR and Recruiting 50 Statistics for 2016. A Statistical Reference Guide for Savvy Recruiters” 

https://b2b-assets.glassdoor.com/50-hr-and-recruiting-stats-for-2016.pdf, 2016

http://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/digital-mckinsey/our-insights/the-new-tech-talent-you-need-to-succeed-in-digital 
http://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/digital-mckinsey/our-insights/the-new-tech-talent-you-need-to-succeed-in-digital 
 https://www.forbes.com/sites/joshbersin/2017/05/26/google-for-jobs-potential-to-disrupt-the-200-billion-recruiting-industry/#2c0fb9714d1f
 https://www.forbes.com/sites/joshbersin/2017/05/26/google-for-jobs-potential-to-disrupt-the-200-billion-recruiting-industry/#2c0fb9714d1f
 https://www.forbes.com/sites/joshbersin/2017/05/26/google-for-jobs-potential-to-disrupt-the-200-billion-recruiting-industry/#2c0fb9714d1f
https://www.funderbeam.com/startups/hackerrank
https://b2b-assets.glassdoor.com/50-hr-and-recruiting-stats-for-2016.pdf

	Summary
	02. Scope of the problem
	2.1. Employers looking for tech talent
	2.2. Service provider looking for educated customers
	2.3. People seeking knowledge and digital economy based employment

	03. BitDegree: it is all about education
	3.1. Introducing smart-incentives
	3.2. Gamification as a cornerstone of the platform design

	04. The BitDegree platform
	4.1. Roadmap and a Bold vision for the BitDegree platform 
	4.2. Identity registry 
	4.3. Course material repository
	4.4. Course material index
	4.5. Assessment tools
	4.6. Sponsorship area
	4.7. Study area 
	4.8. Student achievements viewer
	4.9. Inclusion of third party course material 
	4.10. Third party assessors
	4.11. Students as mentors 
	4.12. Integration with 3rd party education platforms

	06. Why BitDegree is superior to its alternatives
	6.1. The market potential of BitDegree

	07. Token Launch
	08. BitDegree team
	9.1. People behind BitDegree
	9.2. Advisors



