








































Bodhi: Decentralized Predictive Market at Scale

White Paper
Version 1.0

Xiahong Lin∗

∗Bodhi Foundation Ltd.



Draft for open community review and subject to change.



NOTICE

NOTHING IN THIS WHITEPAPER CONSTITUTES LEGAL, FINANCIAL, BUSINESS

OR TAX ADVICE AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL,

TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER BEFORE ENGAGING IN ANY ACTIVITY IN

CONNECTION HEREWITH. NEITHER BODHI FOUNDATION LTD. (THE FOUNDATION),

ANY OF THE PROJECT TEAM MEMBERS WHO HAVE WORKED ON THE BODHI

PLATFORM OR PROJECT IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER (THE BODHI TEAM) NOR ANY

THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY KIND OF DIRECT

OR INDIRECT DAMAGE OR LOSS WHATSOEVER WHICH YOU MAY SUFFER IN CON-

NECTION WITH ACCESSING THIS WHITEPAPER, MATERIALS PRODUCED BY THE

FOUNDATION, OR ACCESSING THE WEBSITE AT HTTPS://WWW.BODHI.NETWORK/

OR ANY OTHER MATERIALS PUBLISHED BY THE FOUNDATION.

All contributions will be applied towards the Foundation’s objects, including without limitation

promoting and supporting research, design and development of, and advocacy for decentralised

cryptographic or blockchain solutions to build transparent, free and reliable prediction markets,

and influencing prediction markets through global engagement.

This Whitepaper is intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute

a prospectus, an offer document, or an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment.

The information herein below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of

a contractual relationship. There is no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such

information and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be provided as to

the accuracy or completeness of such information. Where this Whitepaper includes information

that has been obtained from third party sources, the Foundation and/or the BODHI team have not

independently verified the accuracy or completion of such information. There is no assurance



as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and no representation, warranty or

undertaking is or purported to be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information.

This Whitepaper does not constitute any offer by the Foundation or the Bodhi team to sell any

BOT (as defined herein) nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis

of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision. Nothing contained

in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to

the future performance of the platform. The agreement between the Foundation (or its affiliate)

and you, in relation to any sale and purchase of BOT is to be governed by only the separate

terms and conditions of such agreement.

The Foundation and the Bodhi team do not and do not purport to make, and hereby disclaims,

all representations, warranties or undertaking to any entity or person. Prospective purchasers of

BOT should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and

legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the BOT token sale, the Foundation and the Bodhi

team.

By accessing this Whitepaper or any part thereof, you represent and warrant to the Foundation

and the Bodhi team as follows:

(a) you acknowledge, understand and agree that BOT may have no value, there is no guarantee

or representation of value or liquidity for BOT, and BOT is not for speculative investment;

(b) in any decision to purchase any BOT, you have not relied on any statement set out in this

Whitepaper;

(c) you will and shall at your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory re-

quirements and restrictions applicable to you (as the case may be); and

(d) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible to purchase any BOT if

you are a citizen, resident or green card holder of the United States of America or a citizen



or resident of the People’s Republic of China.

The agreement for purchase and sale of BOT shall be governed by a separate Token Purchase

Agreement with the terms and conditions of such agreement (the Token Purchase Agreement),

which shall be made available at https://www.bodhi.network/ prior to the sale of any BOT. In

the event of any inconsistencies between the Token Purchase Agreement and this Whitepaper,

the Token Purchase Agreement shall prevail.

All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place

accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by the Foundation and/or the

Bodhi team may constitute forward looking statements (including statements regarding intent,

belief or current expectations with respect to market conditions, business strategy and plans,

financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). You are cautioned not

to place undue reliance on these forward looking statements given that these statements involve

known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results

to be materially different from that described by such forward looking statements. These forward-

looking statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper and the Foundation and

the Bodhi team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express or implied) to release

any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events after such date.

This Whitepaper may be translated into a language other than English and in the event of

conflict or ambiguity between the English language version and translated versions of this

Whitepaper, the English language version shall prevail. You acknowledge that you have read

and understood the English language version of this Whitepaper.

No part of this Whitepaper is to be copied, reproduced, distributed or disseminated in any

way without the prior written consent of the Foundation.



Abstract

In this paper, we introduce Bodhi, the next generation blockchain based platform that decentralizes

the prediction market. Bodhi leverages the advantages of the state-of-the-art decentralized prediction

markets by integrating third-party Oracles and voting based decentralized Oracles via its Oracle ab-

straction layer. We intend to develop a novel replaceable Oracle framework where the prediction market

is more effective and autonomous. Bodhi will be deployed on Qtum at the initial launch.

Keywords

Bodhi, Prediction Market, Smart Contract, Qtum, Ethereum

I. INTRODUCTION

Humanity has developed strong interests towards understanding history and predicting the

future. What will the weather be like tomorrow? Which soccer team will win the UEFA European

Championship later this year? Is Apple stock going below 100 USD per share on the first weekday

of next year? People attempt to predict the results of simple yet non-trivial questions. The desire

to predict what happens next has generated conventional prediction markets which are heavily

regulated, such as lottery systems and stock markets, as well as illegally operated underground

casinos and insider trading. Excessive regulation and legislation, implemented at large monetary

costs, greatly limit the prediction market from performing its market functions. Meanwhile,

conventional prediction markets have been heavily depending on centralized Oracles who set

all prediction results and their fairness and charge a large amount of money. The high cost of

these Oracles has significantly lowered the users’ willingness to participate and prevented the

prediction markets from large scale adoption.

Prediction Markets are platforms that allows individuals or a group of entities to predict

the outcomes of future events, and to be incentivised from the results. Incentives will be



redistributed upon the realization of outcomes of an event in which all parties participated.

The fortune redistribution follows a simple yet powerful rule, that the fortune flows from less

skillful and inaccurate participants to more skillful and accurate participants. In order to succeed

in the prediction, participants aggressively gather information, and apply mathematical modeling

to maximize the chance of prediction accurately. Statistically, the price associated with each

outcome has high positive correlation with each outcome. Meanwhile, the accuracy of the

prediction is largely determined by the number of participants. Starting from the very beginning of

information revolution, people has been devoted to making online prediction markets to minimize

the onboarding barrier for participating in prediction. However, centralized online products have

yet to earn people’s trust while excessive regulation and legal restrictions also greatly limits the

development of the prediction market.

With the deluge of the continuous development of blockchain technologies, there is an in-

creasing trust within communities on enabling public blockchain as Oracle that is fair and

decentralized. Blockchain technology is a perfect candidate to form the building block of pre-

diction market due to its characteristics such as information transparency and data immutability.

The fairness of blockchain makes the prediction market run at low-to-no administrative cost.

The application of Smart Contract empowers blockchain with a programmable and dynamic

decision-making capability. All of the above emerging phenomenon resulted in the creation of

decentralized prediction market.

Bodhi’s mission is to build a credible, autonomous, and scalable decentralized prediction

market that promotes the application of prediction market at a global scale to enhance the

effectiveness of decision-making process [1].



II. RELATED WORK

Augur [2] is a blockchain based decentralized prediction market. A user can create a prediction

event using Ethereum’s [3] smart contract, followed by other users’ predicting and pricing the

probability of each outcome through native tokens. When the event eventually happens, Augur

REP holders report to Augur the right prediction result. The REP holders are the building

blocks of Augur platform, where these holders maintain the platform and constitute the ar-

bitration mechanism. However, as the Augur platform scales, a fully decentralized arbitration

mechanism becomes less efficient. When a large group of prediction events have been created,

it is increasingly challenging for REP holders to vote for all events. REP holders might also

have different domain expertise and have been exposed to events at different comfort levels.

The matchmaking process between an event and event-specific expertise has yet to be improved.

Moreover, problems such as high time-cost and low efficiency associated with REP holders result

in a longer cycle to reach a consensus at the end of a prediction event.

Similar to Augur, Gnosis [4] is another common blockchain based decentralized prediction

market that utilizes Ethereum’s smart contract for event creation and prediction. Unlike Augur,

Gnosis leverages a default centralized Oracle for judging prediction results. The advantage of

using such as centralized Oracle solution is that prediction judgment can be performed au-

tonomously and therefore significantly increases the judgment efficiency. However, a centralized

Oracle solution can cause single point of failure in the events of, eg., server failure, and data

being maliciously tampered. When any of such events occurs, all predictions will be locked and

the credibility of Gnosis platform will be decreased.

Bodhi is the next generation blockchain based platform that decentralizes the prediction market

by overcoming the disadvantage of both Augur and Gnosis. In contrast to Augur, Bodhi uses

third-party Oracle to automatically judge the prediction results to guarantee the efficiency of



the decision making process. Different from Gnosis’ centralized Oracle solution, Bodhi enables

BOT holders to take over the voting process and make the final decision of a prediction event

in the event of Oracle failure.

III. BODHI OVERVIEW

Bodhi, the next generation blockchain based prediction market, leverages the advantages of

the state-of-the-art decentralized prediction markets by integrating third-party Oracles and voting

based decentralized Oracles via its Oracle abstraction layer. We introduce a novel replaceable

Oracle framework so that the prediction market is more effective and autonomous.

Bodhi will first be deployed on the Qtum [5]. As more users around the world are accessing

the Internet from mobile devices rather than from desktop computers, mobile computing will

be increasingly important to prediction markets. Qtum combines the advantages of Bitcoin and

Ethereum to provide better user experience on mobile devices. Event forecast is very time-

sensitive matter, but smart contract can only rely on the number of blocks to estimate the time.

However, Ethereum has yet to implement the Proof of Stake (PoS). As the Difficulty Bomb

of Ethereum’s current Proof of Work (PoW) starts to take effect, the block time is increasing

exponentially, as shown in Table I, which greatly affects the estimated time of the forecast. Qtum,

which is different from Ethereum, will ensure the stability of the block time by introducing PoS

at the beginning its release. Bodhi will first be deployed onto Qtum to avoid existing problems

with Ethereum. However, as the user base grows, we do not eliminate the possibility to roll out

Bodhi onto other public blockchains.



Block Number Time Block Time

3000000 2017-01-16 00:38:33 14.86

3500000 2017-04-11 18:09:34 15.27

4000000 2017-08-15 18:20:24 30.01

4500000 2018-11-03 05:55:48 136.71

5000000 2025-10-02 11:47:30 835.81

5500000 2128-03-20 09:14:16 17183.83

6000000 5189-09-26 20:57:59 520901.19

Table I
THE EFFECTIVENESS OF DIFFICULTY BOMB AFFECTS BLOCK TIME

Bodhi uses third-party Oracle to automatically judge prediction results to guarantee the effi-

ciency of the decision-making process. BOT holders can take over the voting process and make

the final decision for a prediction event if Oracle fails. Algorithm 1 shows how Bodhi works.

As you can see, Bodhi’s Oracle is replaceable. If consensus cannot be obtained through

arbitration, users can continue to make deposits to request the next iteration of arbitration. As

the number of rounds increases, more token deposits get accumulated and BOT holders are

more motivated to maintain the accuracy of the Bodhi platform to protect their token value.

Theoretically, arbitration result will converge to an accurate state. Bodhi leverages the advantages

of the state- of-the-art decentralized prediction markets by integrating third-party Oracles and

a voting based decentralized Oracle via an Oracle abstraction layer. This method combines the

advantages of existing decentralized prediction market.



Algorithm 1 Bodhi Algorithm
1: User creates a prediction event on Bodhi

2: Users predict and price the probability of each outcome

3: When a future specified time arrives, Oracle automatically polls the event result from outside

and determines the prediction result.

4: Agreement← False
5: while Agreement 6= True do
6: Publish decision on prediction market for 48 hours

7: if Consensus is made & Oracle is valid then
8: Agreement← True
9: Users who predict correctly get back original tokens and incentive

10: else
11: Agreement← False
12: Users deposit to request next iteration of arbitration

13: end if
14: end while

User creates a prediction event on Bodhi

Users bet on the prediction event

Oracle determines prediction result BOT holders’ voting results

Request for
arbitration?

Replace the old Oracle with the
new one that voted by BOT holders

Finished

Arbitration

Consensus

Figure 1. Bodhi Platform Operation Diagram



IV. BODHI PREDICTION MARKET PRICING

Bodhi is committed to creating a free-to-participate, low-cost prediction market. On Bodhi,

Oracles serve as judges and BOT holders are maintainers. Incentive (service fee) is provided to

the Oracles on the platform to motivate more Oracles to provide credible and stable services for

Bodhi.

Equation 1 shows how the rate is calculated. Let Fs be the percentage of the service fee

payable to Oracles and Ft be the percentage of the transaction fee payable to the platform. Sloss

denotes the total loss of all parties that failed the prediction and Swin denotes all the gains from

all users that succeed in the prediction.

Swin = Sloss × (1− Fs − Ft) (1)

Fs and Ft will be dynamically determined in the future as we plan to create a prediction event

to let all BOT holders determine the best fees .

V. BODHI TOKEN

The token for Bodhi prediction market is called Bodhi Token (BOT). BOT will be issued

during the contract deployment phase, with a total of 100 million units.

In order to ensure the simplicity and independence of platform logic, Bodhi does not issue

WIZ tokens like Gnosis. At the initial phase when we take Bodhi online, the Bodhi platform

will only support BOT and QTUM. With the rapid evolvement of blockchain technology, stable

coins and cross-chain technologies are emerging. In the near future, Bodhi prediction market is

intended to be flexible enough to allow the use of any cryptocurrency (which is not a security)

to participate in the prediction market.



BOT represents two main interests:

1) Arbitration and Compensation. BOT holders are entitled to initiate arbitration for disputed

results of prediction events and receive incentives accordingly. Before initiating the arbi-

tration, a BOT holder must lock up certain amounts of BOT as deposit. If the arbitration

result is in favor of the BOT holder, the holder is entitled to receive certain amounts of

BOT as compensation from the losing party of the arbitration.

2) Vote and Incentive. BOT holders are entitled to vote for arbitration results of the disputed

prediction events and receive rewards accordingly. Before voting, BOT holders must lock up

certain amounts of BOT as deposit. If a BOT holder’s vote is consistent with the arbitration’s

final result, the BOT holder is entitled to receive certain amounts of BOT as incentive from

the losing party of the arbitration. In addition, BOT holders may shut down illegitimate and

malicious prediction events through the voting procedure.

By definition, BOT is a utility token which may only be utilized on the Bodhi platform.

Ownership of BOT carries no rights, express or implied, other than the right to use BOT as

a means to enable usage of and interaction with the platform, if successfully completed and

deployed.

BOT is a non-refundable functional utility token, does not in any way represent any share-

holding, participation, right, title, or interest in the Foundation or any other company, enterprise

or undertaking, nor will BOT entitle token holders to any promise of revenue, fees, profits or

investment returns. BOT is not intended to constitute securities in Singapore or any relevant

jurisdiction.

As part of the operation of the prediction markets on the Bodhi platform, BOT will be

consumed as service fee (provided to the Oracles) or as transaction fee (paid to the Bodhi

platform).



To the extent a secondary market or exchange for trading BOT does develop, it would be run

and operated wholly independently of the Foundation (or its affiliates), the sale of BOT and the

Bodhi platform.

VI. BODHI REVIEW MECHANISM

Bodhi is a blockchain based free prediction market. However, a free market does not mean

that Bodhi is a completely unmonitored platform. It is intended that the Bodhi platform will

provide a decentralized review mechanism where BOT holders can vote to eliminate illegal and

malicious predictions to protect their interests.

VII. BODHI DEVELOPMENT TIMELINE

Bodhi prediction market token ICO is scheduled near the end of 2017. Qtum testnet deploy-

ment of Bodhi prediction market beta version is scheduled around the same time. The MVP,

production and premium versions are scheduled to be deployed onto Qtum main net in 2018

and 2019 respectively. Figure 2 shows the detailed development schedule for Bodhi.



Figure 2. Bodhi Development Timeline

Risks

YOU CLEARLY UNDERSTAND THAT BLOCKCHAIN AND VIRTUAL CURRENCIES

/ TOKENS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ETHEREUM, QTUM, BITCOIN AND

BOT, ARE NEW AND UNVERIFIED TECHNOLOGIES THAT ARE BEYOND CONTROL

OF THE FOUNDATION OR THE ISSUER (AS THE CASE MAY BE). THE PLATFORM AND

THE PROJECT ARE SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING RISKS, WHICH YOU EXPRESSLY



ACKNOWLEDGE AND ASSUME:

(a) Risks associated with the Qtum Protocol Given that BOT and the Bodhi prediction market

platform are based on the Qtum protocol and architecture, any malfunction, breakdown or

abandonment of the Qtum protocol or architecture may have a material adverse effect on

BOT and/or the Bodhi prediction market platform. Moreover, advances in cryptography, or

technical advances (including without limitation development of quantum computing), could

present unknown risks to BOT and/or the Bodhi prediction market platform by rendering

ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins the Qtum protocol.

(b) Security weaknesses. Hackers or other malicious groups or organizations may attempt to

interfere with BOT and/or the Bodhi prediction market platform in a variety of ways.

(c) Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions The regulatory status of BOT and/or pre-

diction markets, and distributed ledger technology generally is unclear or unsettled in many

jurisdictions. It is impossible to predict how, when or whether regulatory agencies may

apply existing regulations or create new regulations with respect to such technology and

its applications, including BOT and/or the Bodhi prediction market platform. Regulatory

actions could negatively impact BOT and/or the Bodhi prediction market platform in various

ways.

(d) Insufficient Interest It is possible that the Bodhi prediction market platform will not be

used by a large number of individuals, companies and other entities or that there will be

limited public interest in the creation and development of distributed ecosystems (such as

the network or the platform). Such a lack of use or interest could negatively impact the

development of the Bodhi prediction market platform.

(e) Execution. There is the risk that the Foundation and the BODHI team may be unable or

execute or implement the project as set out herein.



VIII. APPLICATIONS OF BODHI PREDICTION MARKET

A. Financial Tool

Conventional financial market forecasting tools have limitations such as high service costs,

professional barrier, poor scalability, limited ability to express, lack of accuracy, low efficiency,

etc. Bodhi prediction market overcomes those limitations by providing a more detailed description

of economic events, where value and risk assessment can be thoroughly made at both macro

and microeconomic level. Therefore, Bodhi reduces service costs, removes professional barrier,

improves accuracy and efficiency and scales easily. For instance, for a simple prediction event

- What is the opening price for Apple stock at January 1st 2018? - conventional financial

market prediction tools need to analyze investment environment, basic corporate information

and their finances to calculate investment returns, before giving an incomprehensive prediction

result. Using Bodhi, however, the prediction result is calculated by the entire network for better

accuracy and efficiency, as well as lowering the cost. The same mechanism can be applied to

predict other stocks at any given time.



Figure 3. Financial Tool

B. Information Management

Information plays a critical role in the development of society where many decisions are made

based on accurate and reliable information. In order to obtain accurate information to improve

decision-making accuracy, people use a variety of information retrieval methods, e.g., surveys

and paid data. However, these information retrieval methods are considered costly and unscalable.

Prediction markets can motivate people to provide information proactively. In 1988, professors at

the University of Iowa created a prediction market where participants can predict the identity of

the next elected US president. Since then, the same market has collated predictions for every US

presidential election with a prediction accuracy much higher than the political commentators and

the results of public polls. Bodhi enables prediction markets creation as ease. The value flow of

the blockchain is becoming a profound foundation for prediction markets. Bodhi make prediction

result more accurate due to its decentralized characteristics and large-scale user engagement.



Figure 4. Information Management

C. Insurance

Insurance industry has various effects on society through the way that it changes who bears

the cost of losses and damage. Traditional insurance industry typically has long and complex

claim process due to its centralized management. The massive agent model that is used to drive

the business has introduced high operational cost. Bodhi’s decentralized solution is a natural fit

to solve these problems. Taking flight insurance as an example, passengers can predict and price

the probability of a flight delay before boarding. In most cases, the flight will be on time, so

that the tokens will be locked in the smart contract of the prediction event. Should a flight delay

occur, the Oracle will write the flight number of the delayed flight to the smart contract. The

Bodhi platform will be able to automatically process the claim for the passengers who purchased

the flight insurance on the corresponding flight. The entire process is fully automated so that no

human intervention is needed. Most of the fund will be used to reimburse passengers and the



platform only charges a small portion as transaction fees.

Figure 5. Insurance

D. Sports Lottery

The global online sports lottery is a huge market with billions of dollars of regulated market

funds. Sports lotteries are highly localized where each lottery market operates individually due

to the difference in regulations among the regions. Accessibility is limited in those localized

markets where data is isolated and fragmented. Data isolation and fragmentation have limited

the accessibility of those localized markets where it is impossible to create new interesting

lotteries in a timely manner. Regulation is a double-edged sword. On one hand, data shows

that the unregulated lottery market is 10 times of regulated ones, which makes fraud and illegal

operation a common regulatory issue of the global lottery market. On the other hand, centralized

service is prone to hacking, system failure and other uncertainties from service providers. These

uncertainties ultimately result in high cost of creating lottery market and user taxation. It further



limits the lottery markets from high user engagement and being free markets. The public has

associated the lottery markets with speculation, due to its high risk profile. Bodhi brings an

innovative way to solve these problems. Bodhi is an open platform based on blockchain where

anyone can be transparently involved. Users can create prediction events without high transaction

fees. This free and open platform will greatly improve market liquidity and thus create objective

odds.

Figure 6. Sports Lottery

E. Conventional Prediction Markets

Although conventional prediction markets will still play critical roles and involve in decision-

making processes in all market segments, we foresee the globalization trends in participating

and collaborating in prediction markets. Bodhi is committed to building the next generation

decentralized prediction market platform. In the near future, Bodhi will co-exist with conventional

pre- diction markets and will gradually serve itself as an infrastructure of conventional prediction



markets to lower the operational cost. Bodhi platform provides most if not all logic to implement

prediction markets where it creates alternative solutions that allows conventional prediction

market to operate on Bodhi’s infrastructure. Bodhi significantly lowers the system failure rate

and operational cost, and it enables users to enter the market easily.

Figure 7. Conventional Prediction Markets

IX. BOT ISSUANCE PLAN

A. BOT Distribution

BOT will be issued during the contract deployment phase, with a total of 100 million units.

Table II and Chart 8 show the allocation plan of BOT. Users will get BOT through airdrop and

exchange. Bodhi employees will be granted restricted BOT upon employment. These BOT will

be eligible to vest upon the satisfaction of a service condition. The service condition is vested

over four years, with the first 20% vested upon the completion of token issuance, second 20%



vested on the one-year anniversary of vesting commencement date and the rest of 60% vested

monthly thereafter, subject to continued employment.

1) Vest 20% BOT after token issuance

2) Vest additional 20% BOT in one-year cliff.

3) Vest 60% BOT monthly in the next three years

Table II
BOT ALLOCATION

BOT Percentage Allocation
60% Issued to community users
15% Development and Consulting
10% Employee incentives
10% Early stage emergency arbitrations locked by Foundation
5% Bug bounty

60%

15% 10%
10%

5%

Issued to community users
Development and Consulting
Long term development incentives
Early stage emergency arbitrations locked by Foundation
Bug bounty

Figure 8. BOT Allocation

B. Token Sale Fund Allocation:

In case Bodhi foundation sells some BOT, the budget from token sale fund will be allocated

for the following purposes by the foundation, see Table III. The budget covers a 5-year period.



Fund Percentage Allocation
65% Development
10% Consulting
10% Legal
10% Marketing
5% Misc.

Table III
TOKEN SALE FUND ALLOCATION

65%

10% 10%
10%

5%

Development
Consulting
Legal
Marketing
Miscellaneous

Figure 9. Token Sale Fund Allocation

1) Development: Prediction market platform is a sophisticated system that consists of a large

number of subsystems. Sufficient funding needs to be allocated for recruitment, team

building, and research and development.

2) Consulting: Prediction markets involve in many areas across different segmentations where

domain knowledge is needed for carrying out market analysis. We will allocate funding for

consulting domain experts and corporations.

3) Legal: Prediction markets are an innovation which is able to disrupt many industries, but is

also a highly-regulated area and therefore legal service is needed to ensure the regulatory

compliance (in particular, in the areas of gambling and securities law). We will allocate

funding for general legal advice and emergency legal services. In this regard, we have

instructed specialist counsel in Singapore from Tzedek Law LLC to advise on the BOT

token sale.

4) Marketing: Branding and marketing operations are important pieces to promote Bodhi to



potential customers for growth. We will allocate funding for promoting Bodhi platform and

blockchain industry in general.

5) Miscellaneous：Miscellaneous expenses that exclude all above expenses.

X. SUMMARY

Bodhi is a Qtum based platform that decentralizes the prediction market and enables free flow

of valuable information via public wisdom and incentivization. Bodhi leverages the advantages

of the state-of-the-art decentralized prediction markets by integrating third-party Oracles via its

Oracle abstraction layer and a voting based decentralized Oracle mechanism. We introduce a

novel replaceable Oracle framework so that the prediction market is more effectiveness and

autonomous. Bodhi is committed to influencing the Chinese prediction markets through global

engagement.

REFERENCES

[1] “Bodhi,” https://www.bodhi.network.

[2] “Augur,” https://augur.net.

[3] “Ethereum,” https://ethereum.org.

[4] “Gnosis,” https://gnosis.pm.

[5] “Qtum,” https://qtum.org.


