









































 

 
 
 

COMSA 
 

- the ICO solution for centralized businesses to adopt blockchain technologies - 

 
Whitepaper summary Rev.1.3 

 
2017 © Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.  



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 1 - 

INDEX 
INDEX 1 

Summary 3 

COMSA Token Sale 3 

Token Functions and Benefits 4 
Community Vote 5 
Burn of CMS Token 6 
Invitation-Only Pre-Sale of Future ICOs 6 

Budget Allocation 6 

ICO Market and Industry 6 

COMSA ICO Solution 8 

COMSA and Other Upcoming ICO Projects in 2017 9 

What is COMSA 9 

COMSA CORE 11 
COMSA CORE = Conversion Network 12 
Zero-Downtime COMSA CORE 12 
Oracle (Monitor) 13 
Multi-sig Authenticator 13 
COMSA CONTROLLER 13 
Auditable API 13 
Two-Layer Ledger 13 
The Advantages of Centralization 14 

COMSA HUB 14 

Fiat Pegged Tokens 15 

Cryptocurrency Pegged Tokens 16 

Business Transactions on Public Blockchains 16 

One-time Use Multi-Party Smart Contracts 16 

Network Fee Delegation 17 

Demand for Centralized Service 17 

Japanese Regulation 18 

About NEM 18 

About Mijin 18 

About Ethereum 19 

About Zaif 19 

About Tech Bureau 19 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 2 - 

Tech Bureau Executives 20 

Legal Advisors 20 

ICO Committee Members 20 

Partners 21 
Nippon Technology Venture Partners 21 
Infoteria Corporation. 21 
FISCO 21 
CAICA 22 
arara 22 

COMSA Resources 22 
Official Website 22 
Official Telegram 22 
Official Slack 22 
Latest Whitepaper 22 
Official twitter 22 
Official Facebook Page 22 

COMSA Roadmap 22 

COMSA FAQs 22 
What does “COMSA” stand for? 22 

Use Case - Talent Trading Cards - 24 

Use Case - VR World Currency- 25 

Use Case - IoT Authentication & Ledger - 26 

Change Log 28 
 
  



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 3 - 

Summary 
Ever since the introduction of Bitcoin as a crypto currency in early 2009, we have witnessed great 
interest in the usage of the technology. In a span of 8 years, we have seen an astronomical growth 
in the landscape, with close to a thousand different projects centering on the blockchain technology. 
This rapid growth gave rise to the use of cryptocurrencies that are an alternate form of value 
transaction within the burgeoning blockchain community and which are fast spreading to 
mainstream use.   
  
In recent times, there have been many newly created projects in the blockchain space that are 
focused on crypto-centric users, some of which are cutting edge and highly motivated to not only 
succeed in the initial offerings, but scale as markets and economies transform over time.  On the 
contrary, most of the headlines by mainstream and legacy organizations/enterprises on the use of 
blockchain solutions are no better than a simple proof of concept. The majority of these mainstream 
initiatives even leverage on taglines such as “blockchain inspired” or “blockchain centered” 
technologies, thus giving a new impetus and interest to their existing business.   
  
The general notion is that cryptocurrencies are inherently volatile and this feature is here to stay.  In 
fact, volatility can sometimes be a strong selling point for cryptocurrencies, but that is also one of 
the largest obstacles for real businesses to adopt them.  And network fees always haunt us as we 
try to implement public blockchains in legacy business practices such as trades, bookkeeping, 
guidelines, or compliance. The fees, per se, are not that they are expensive, but they become an 
administrative nightmare as their users should not be bothered with having to deal with managing 
their transaction fees. 
  
As such, this rate of phenomenal growth has undoubtedly left many gaps that are yet to be fulfilled.  
The existence of these gaps has resulted in a high barrier to entry for enterprises who have trouble 
trying to bridge their islands of existence to the rest of the crypto and mainstream economies. We 
are in a state of flux and solutions are needed to address these issues. 
 
Tech Bureau Corp. is now carrying out a token sale exercise to crystalize an effort to offer a solution 
to address the aforementioned problems. 

COMSA Token Sale 
"COMSA" is derived from ” Computer ”  and 鎖 (Kusari/Sa): meaning "chain," combining to 

make "blockchain." 
 
Before COMSA launches as a full-fledged service it will undergo an token sale exercise.  The 
cryptocurrency raised from the token sale will not only fund us to expand its reach in a rapidly 
growing ICO market, but also to accelerate the growth of our existing core businesses, which are 
the crypto exchange Zaif and the private blockchain product, Mijin.  Both Zaif and Mijin are core 
elements of the COMSA solution. 
 
The token sale will be launched at 14:00 JST on October 2nd, 2017 and closes at 14:00 JST on 
November 6th, 2017. Below are the details of the token sale: 
 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 4 - 

● Token sale participants will receive 1 COMSA (Symbol: CMS) token per 1USD equivalent 
contribution. No cap is set. 

● At the end of the token sale, based on the number of tokens issued for the participants, an 
equal number of CMS tokens will be issued and issuance will be locked. In other words, 
100% more will be issued over the subscribed number. 

● Of this 100% more, 10% will be distributed as referral bonuses to token sale referrals. 
40% will be distributed to the existing management team, stakeholders, developers, 
employees, contractors, and COMSA ICO committee management.  50% will be retained by 
Tech Bureau for future development, future distributions, marketing, partnerships, 
compensations, and expansions. 

● As a result, 55% of the grand total will be distributed to the contributors. 
 

 
 
Presale of CMS tokens with a 20% bonus will be available for participants who intend to contribute 
at least 100,000 USD equivalent of cryptocurrencies. Presale can be purchased with BTC, ETH or 
XEM. Please contact COMSA management team at https://comsa.io/en/#contact  
 
Also, following time bonus will be applied for token sale. 
 
+14% Oct. 2nd. 14:00 – Oct. 4th. 14:00（JST） 

+10% Oct. 4th. 14:00 – Oct.11th. 14:00（JST） 

+5% Oct. 11th. 14:00 – Oct. 25th. 14:00（JST） 

Token Functions and Benefits 
COMSA is a platform gateway for the aforementioned variety of blockchains. . This platform can 
also be used by companies that wish to carry out their ICOs. COMSA’s value proposition is its 
infrastructure where it can offer these companies a complete ecosystem for their ICOs, which 
includes the Zaif Exchange, multi-cryptocurrencies subscription, cross-platform integration and a 
ready ICO asset creation through the use of the NEM and Ethereum public blockchains and mijin 
private blockchain respectively. 
  
As part of COMSA’s very own token sale, CMS holders who bought their CMS from COMSA’s token 
sale exercise will get to enjoy a premium bonus of 5% for every CMS they use to participate in these 
future ICO campaigns on the COMSA platform. For example, if 100 CMS tokens are utilised to 

https://comsa.io/en/#contact


 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 5 - 

purchase a new ICO, the purchaser will be granted 105 of their chosen token, the 5 being a bonus 
as opposed to a regular purchase without the CMS token. 
  
As detailed later in this paper, we have managed to secure interests from a few successful 
businesses to use the COMSA platform for their upcoming ICOs, which naturally, will create more 
demand for the CMS tokens. 
 

Community Vote 
 
Although all ICO projects will be screened by Tech Bureau and the ICO Committee, there could still 
be challenging projects that are potentially risky to token buyers. In such cases, COMSA will 
escalate the projects to the community to vote. 
 
CMS token holders will be eligible to vote for these ICO projects based on the number of tokens 
they hold at a certain block height to determine whether it should go ICO with COMSA or not. 
 
COMSA will create a contract on Ethereum blockchain to allow ETH:CMS holders to vote using 
special voting tokens.  Holders can send those tokens to specified addresses. 
 
On the NEM blockchain, voting will be even easier. NEM’s open-source wallet software Nanowallet 
now has an official voting module.  We can allow NEM:CMS holders to vote directly from the wallet. 
 

 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 6 - 

Burn of CMS Token 
  
A certain portion of revenue related to COMSA solutions will also be allocated to burn CMS tokens 
on the Zaif market from time to time. These revenues include: 
  

● ICO consulting and service fees. 
● Conversion fees of COMSA CORE. 
● Mijin license fees and BaaS license fees. 

Invitation-Only Pre-Sale of Future ICOs 
  
As a privilege, CMS token holders will also be invited from time to time to invest in future ICO 
projects which are only opened to invited participants and not for the public. 

Budget Allocation 
Funds raised from the token sale shall be allocated for the following: 
 

● Development of COMSA ICO token sale platform. 
● Development of the COMSA CORE 
● Development of the COMSA HUB. 
● Development of crypto pegged tokens. 
● Development of fiat pegged tokens. 
● Add multi-language user interface and customer support to Zaif Exchange (English,Chinese 

and more). 
● Add streamlined processes to list any ERC-20 tokens or NEM MOSAIC tokens on Zaif 

exchange. 
● Add /XEM and /ETH to all the currency pairs. 
● PR and marketing of COMSA solution and its related services. 

ICO Market and Industry 
In June 2017, the total funds raised by ICOs exceeded the amount that blockchain startups had 
raised from venture capital companies for the 12 months preceding it. 
 
Since April 2017, the ICO market has been growing rapidly by more than 100% every month, and 
30 or more ICOs are being launched in July 2017. 
 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 7 - 

 
 

 
Source: https://www.coinschedule.com/stats.php  

 
 
The total market cap of cryptocurrencies has risen close to 6 times in just 4 months from 20 billion 
USD to 116 billion USD at its peak in June 2017. Contrast this with how it took the market 8 years 
since the launch of Bitcoin to reach a market capitalization of 15 billion USD and it creates an 
incredibly positive outlook for the future of cryptocurrency. 

https://www.coinschedule.com/stats.php


 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 8 - 

 
Source: http://coinmarketcap.com/charts/ 

 
We expect the total market cap to grow up to 1 trillion USD by the end of 2018, with the ICO market 
growing to more than 5 billion USD by then. 
 
COMSA’s goal is to target 100 million USD in 2018 with more than 20 ICO projects. 

COMSA ICO Solution 
COMSA is not just a cross-chain controller and router. It is also a conduit for future ICOs that want 
to exist in the COMSA ecosystem. As part of the project, a COMSA team is now already in place to 
provide companies with consultation, expertise and solutions to support their very own ICOs and 
implement blockchain technology into their business practices, all at the same time, as a one stop 
solution. 
 

 
 
Given the pent up demand, the COMSA team is forging ahead to provide consultation to companies 
wishing to go ICO while COMSA is building its platform. These early ICOs will be using the existing 
infrastructure of COMSA, such as the Zaif exchange and its technical expertise to make use of the 
existing independent blockchains of Ethereum, Bitcoin, and NEM to raise cryptocurrencies while 
COMSA builds the integrated system for them to latch onto eventually. The initial services we will be 
offering will include: 
  

● Business planning and service design utilizing blockchain technology, especially tokens. 
● Tokenizing mainstream assets into cyberspace assets. 
● Legal support for ICO and tokenization. 
● Creation of a multi-language whitepaper. 
● Token issuance and sale using a crowdsale platform 
● Providing a market on Zaif exchange. 
● Mijin private blockchain technology on the premises or on BaaS as internal ledgers. 
● Network fee delegation and fiat & crypto pegged tokens to allow existing business 

transactions on NEM public blockchain in fiat currencies or major cryptocurrencies. 

http://coinmarketcap.com/charts/


 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 9 - 

● Smart signing contract development on the NEM blockchain. 
● Smart contract development on the Ethereum blockchain. 

  
In the future, when the COMSA platform is completed, we will include the following offerings into 
these ICO companies and new ICOs with the following value added services: 
  

● Integration with the COMSA CORE 
● Integration with the COMSA HUB to connect and peg between the mijin private blockchain 

and public ones. 

COMSA and Other Upcoming ICO Projects in 2017 
Instead of future decentralized apps, COMSA focuses on existing mainstream businesses to launch 
their ICOs. This method of ICO not only brings legitimacy to ICOs but also introduces mainstream 
businesses to leverage on the cost-effective, safe, and secure blockchain technology to improve 
their businesses and position them to be more efficient. 
  
Starting with COMSA itself as the first ICO, we will have the following ICOs scheduled immediately 
after, later in the year. 
  

1. Premium Water Holdings Inc (2588.T) 
 

Few more ICO projects are to be announced in Oct. and Nov. 2017. 
  
The above are successful businesses in the off-chain world from Japan, but the COMSA solution is 
not limited to just Japanese businesses, we have also started inviting businesses globally for ICOs.  
Details of each such ICO shall be revealed and disclosed as more ICO projects are to be 
announced, but suffice it to say that the response so far has been great. 
 
The above ICO projects will proceed ahead without our core platform offerings but will be integrated 
when we are ready to include the COMSA platform solution. 

What is COMSA 
COMSA aims to solve the problem of bridging enterprises and their existing businesses to public 
blockchains.  COMSA is proposing to bridge NEM, Ethereum and the Bitcoin public networks 
together with the mijin private blockchains that enterprises will be using. The idea is to bridge these 
enterprises and cryptocurrency owners so as to provide an avenue for cryptocurrency owners to 
spend while enterprises can have an immediate and extended market to sell their products and 
services and continue to develop their blockchain solutions to cater for mainstream users. 
Additionally, this symbiosis also allows both sides of the crypto and mainstream economies to come 
together on a common ground, promoting the proliferation of the crypto economy into the 
mainstream, vice-versa, and therefore, help in the widespread acceptance of crypto currencies. 
 
COMSA, a project to be undertaken by Tech Bureau Corp, will carry out an ICO exercise and issue 
ICO tokens. This project will enable centralized businesses the ability to utilize blockchain 
technology and prepare them for the eventuality of being able to face a more decentralized world. 
 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 10 - 

 
 
No matter what protocol one is using, whether it is Bitcoin, Ethereum or the NEM protocol, 
enterprises can now choose the right technology to suit their requirements. Additionally, COMSA 
enables organizations that have already previously embarked on any of the protocols to still 
leverage additional services and to extend its reach to the other ecosystems offered by COMSA. 
This powerful utility using the COMSA platform, in combination with Zaif Exchange makes this 
offering a holistic enterprise class solution never seen before. 
  
COMSA allows enterprises to remodel and monetize their organization as a private token economy 
on the blockchain using the strong NEM protocol, as well as the ability to utilize powerful smart 
contracts of Ethereum to begin building decentralized applications. By leveraging on COMSA, the 
deployment and implementation of a blockchain will be much easier and faster than ever before, as 
well as giving more breadth to the enterprise. 
  
The NEM protocol using the mijin engine not only helps enable the business of an organization that 
uses it, but it also provides the bridging of existing monetary values used in trades (i.e. fiat 
currencies, major cryptocurrencies, etc.) onto the NEM ecosystem and Ethereum decentralized 
applications. By consolidating these processes, an organization can begin implementing a 
blockchain along with existing compliances and guidelines without affecting or disrupting its current 
business practices. Customers can now leverage on the blockchain in their preferred currency. 
  
Tech Bureau’s powerful private blockchain solution, mijin, also becomes a hub between a 
decentralized and a centralized economy. By pegging tokens between internal private and external 
public ledgers, businesses can build a high-throughput blockchain record of transactions. This not 
only allows organizations to obtain compelling benefits from the blockchain but also leverages on 
the resources and advantages from within these organizations. 
 
In conjunction with the Zaif exchange, which serves as a centralized trust-cum-exchange, that shall 
be approved by the regulators, FSA of Japan, COMSA offers an unparalleled service that allows a 
cryptocurrency (e.g., Bitcoin) to flow into the various networks and transact as if it is a coin in that 
network. What it essentially means is that a cryptocurrency from another blockchain can be 
transacted in the NEM blockchain as an asset, and with this asset being backed by Zaif as the trust-
exchange. It can also be traded in the Zaif exchange as if it is a NEM or Ethereum asset. 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 11 - 

Additionally, the same cryptocurrency can flow into the private mijin network, into the enterprise 
services and get traded as if it is a cryptocurrency in that ecosystem. In other words, fiat-backed and 
cryptocurrency-backed tokens - from outside the native blockchain - can be traded, interchain, 
between NEM and Ethereum. As an example, one can virtually swap Bitcoin and USD on the NEM 
or Ethereum blockchains and can even forget about network fees in some cases as described 
above. COMSA brings cross fungibility of coins in the networks it serves. 
  
This is all made possible by utilizing the new Japanese crypto exchange regulations enforced with a 
strong segregation fund clause – the mandatory “trust” requirement. 
  
By pegging tokens among NEM, Ethereum, and mijin private blockchains, the COMSA solution 
becomes a practical “catalyst” between centralized businesses and decentralized blockchains. In 
addition, the offering helps contribute to the growth of the entire blockchain ecosystems in Bitcoin, 
NEM, and Ethereum. 
 
In summary, the COMSA solution provides the following: 
 

1. Hybrid token issuance pegged between NEM and Ethereum blockchains. 
2. ICO solution and support using the above. 
3. Crypto pegged tokens on NEM and Ethereum (BTC, ETH, and XEM) 
4. Fiat currency pegged tokens on NEM and Ethereum. (JPYZ, Tether, etc.) 
5. High-throughput private blockchain mijin for the internal token ledger. 
6. Crypto exchange Zaif to guarantee listings of tokens and to insure pegged tokens. 

 
The COMSA current strategy is to emphasize on bringing centralized businesses together, enhance 
these ecosystems with elements of decentralization, and then when the technology matures, 
upgrade them into additional decentralized business models. Accordingly, our policy now is to 
ensure that we are “as solid, as trustful, and as auditable as possible” before we emerge to be more 
decentralized as technologies mature. Tech Bureau recognizes how the future will be in a 
decentralized environment and therefore is able to bring this wealth of experience to help shape 
mainstream businesses in adopting and embracing blockchain technology. 
 
With this method of solution using both private and public blockchains, COMSA works as a core 
controller, a hub, and a catalyst. We believe COMSA can contribute to the growth of the greater 
blockchain ecosystem including Bitcoin, NEM, and Ethereum by bringing more assets from 
mainstream into the blockchain space.  

COMSA CORE 
We have mentioned the COMSA CORE and COMSA HUB in the description of our project. Here, 
we shall define the COMSA CORE. COMSA CORE is the most essential part of our COMSA 
platform.  COMSA CORE pegs and controls tokens between the NEM, Bitcoin, and Ethereum 
blockchains as an independent service of Tech Bureau. It converts value among cryptocurrencies 
into pegged tokens with the total volume controlled. 
  
COMSA CORE monitors incoming transfers of cryptocurrencies or tokens into a COMSA master 
account with the final destination details embedded in them. It then locks or burns that amount in 
the COMSA master account. At the same time, it also unlocks or issues equivalent cryptocurrencies 
or tokens on the corresponding blockchain and sends them to their final destination account. 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 12 - 

 

 

COMSA CORE = Conversion Network 
COMSA CORE consists of a controlling application, an oracle application and 2 mijin private 
blockchain networks built on 9 cloud server machines, which are distributed globally to achieve 
zero-downtime token conversion service. 
 

 
COMSA CORE is a hidden and private network, except for one auditable API node.  9 nodes will be 
totally hidden from the public and work as a conversion network independent from public 
blockchains. 

Zero-Downtime COMSA CORE 
There will be 9 servers built in 9 regions operated by 4 cloud vendors to achieve zero-downtime 
service.  We are currently planning a 50 tx/s capacity (4.32 million tx/day) with 8GB of RAM and 8 
core CPU on each node. So far we have built dozens of zero-downtime ledgers with our clients 
using mijin for the last 18 months and also expect no down time with the COMSA CORE. The 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 13 - 

maximum throughput capacity stated above is for the internal ledgers only, with the performance of 
token conversion among public blockchains dependent upon the limitation of each blockchain. 

Oracle (Monitor) 
Each server works as an oracle to observe Bitcoin, NEM and Ethereum nodes for incoming 
transactions. The oracle analyzes the confidence level and number of confirmations for each 
conversion for authorizing any outgoing transactions. 

Multi-sig Authenticator 
Each server operates as a multi-sig signatory to sign all outgoing cryptocurrency or token 
transactions upon conversion. COMSA will reach consensus with X out of 9 nodes being used as 
signatories. 

COMSA CONTROLLER 
The COMSA CONTROLLER consists of 9 nodes that will control the total volume of pegged tokens 
among multiple blockchains. The function of the COMSA CONTROLLER includes: 
  

● Locking and unlocking of cryptocurrencies. 
● Issuance and burning of pegged tokens. 

Auditable API 
One of the mijin nodes will be duplicated and exposed as a publicly auditable API.  This special 
node will not have any significant impact on the security of the private blockchain network and has 
no power to initiate, authorize or confirm transactions, thereby avoiding any unauthorized requests 
or confirmations. 
 
Periodic Block hashes of the mijin ledger will also be anchored to the NEM and/or Bitcoin 
blockchain for proof of non-manipulation.  
 
One of the main innovations of the blockchain is its auditability and as a direct result of that, a user’s 
ability to trust the ledger’s history. The main criticism often pointed at permissioned chains is that 
they can be easily tampered with, changed, or edited making their ledger untrustable. By anchoring 
the block headers of COMSA into the Bitcoin and NEM public chains, a full and transparent audit 
can take place allowing users to know the COMSA ledger has not been compromised up to the 
point that an attacker would have had to unwind and undo both the NEM and Bitcoin public chains 
to have had achieved their task. 

Two-Layer Ledger 
As mentioned above, the COMSA CORE shall be 9 servers running 2 mijin networks..   
 
The first ledger is dedicated for the conversion between native cryptocurrencies and pegged tokens.  
And the second one is for the conversion among pegged tokens. 
 

1. Native cryptocurrency ⇔ Pegged Token 

2. Pegged Token ⇔ Pegged Token 
 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 14 - 

 

The Advantages of Centralization 
In the worst case scenario of a system failure, the total volume of pegged tokens might go off 
balance.  A two-layer ledger will minimize the risk of inconsistency as a result of the failure.  For 
conversions involving native cryptocurrencies, there is no way of rolling back the public blockchains.  
But, we can halt the operation of the COMSA CORE as a circuit breaker.  We can then do a 
reconciliation of the discrepancy and adjust the balances accordingly. 
  
In the event of a public blockchain facing a hard fork, as a centralized service, and like existing 
crypto exchanges, COMSA can halt the conversion service and decide which fork to adopt as a 
legitimate chain. Depending on the business rules, we could also adopt and accept both forks as 2 
separate blockchains. 
  
Those incidents are technically hard for decentralized applications to handle.  COMSA CORE, as a 
centralized and independent service, will prioritize the benefit and experience of both the 
businesses and users. 

COMSA HUB 
COMSA HUB is a software for licensed holders of mijin private blockchains to control token 
balances between master public blockchain accounts and internal private ledgers. 
  
COMSA HUB can be installed as a part of any mijin private blockchain network as an independent 
service controlled by the business using it.  Compared to COMSA CORE that handles pegging 
among public blockchains as a service provided by Tech Bureau, COMSA HUB handles pegging 
between the company’s assets on public blockchains and the internal ledger on the mijin private 
blockchain inside the company’s network. 
 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 15 - 

 
  
COMSA HUB monitors incoming transfers of cryptocurrencies or tokens to the company’s public 
master account with final destinations included in a message. It locks that amount in the company’s 
public master account. Subsequently, it creates the equivalent private tokens inside the company’s 
mijin private blockchain and sends it to the corresponding account.  When it detects an outgoing 
transaction by receiving an incoming transfer to the company’s private master account with the final 
destinations included in the message, COMSA HUB burns these tokens on the mijin private 
blockchain and unlocks the cryptocurrency or tokens on the public blockchain and sends them to 
the corresponding address. 

Fiat Pegged Tokens 
Fiat-pegged cryptocurrencies are set to emerge and grow rapidly in the crypto landscape. A case in 
point is Tether, a USD pegged cryptocurrency, which grew from a market cap of about $55m in April 
to about $290m in July, representing a phenomenal growth of about 527%! 
  
A couple of projects such as BitUSD or NuBits have attempted to peg the USD to their crypto 
currency in a decentralized and trustless manner using their proprietary algorithms, but these have 
failed miserably. 
  
Tether’s approach is a centralized and privately owned service operated by a Taiwanese 
corporation, and is a futures contract derivative, backed by the USD. This method of pegging to the 
USD is a more effective way of ensuring that the peg is true to its value. More proof to it being a 
viable model is the that it is still being circulated, even after the halt of their USD account at the 
Wells Fargo bank. 
 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 16 - 

 
Source: http://coinmarketcap.com/assets/tether/ 

  
Tether(Symbol: USDT) is not only treated as if it is a standard USD pegged cryptocurrency at 
several major exchanges such as Bitfinex and Poloniex, it has also been proven that users prefer a 
stable pegged currency even if it is totally centralized. 
  
The Japanese Blockchain Collaborative Consortium - BCCC, which Tech Bureau sits on its board, 
also has started a social experiment of a JPY pegged token, Zen (Symbol:JPYZ).  JPYZ is currently 
a private token issued on the private Ethereum network as an ERC-20 token, and can be traded 
only among BCCC members.  Participants were invited from BCCC’s 150+ corporate members, and 
after 6 to 9 months of private tests, the token will be converted into a public ERC-20 token. 
  
Using COMSA CORE, COMSA will issue pegged tokens for those major fiat pegged 
cryptocurrencies, and allow people to trade or contract in fiat currency virtually on the NEM and 
Ethereum blockchains. 

Cryptocurrency Pegged Tokens 
With the same logic as fiat pegged tokens, COMSA will also issue crypto pegged tokens on the 
NEM and Ethereum blockchains such as NEM:BTC or ETH:BTC. 

Business Transactions on Public Blockchains 
In a combination of fiat pegged tokens and crypto pegged tokens, COMSA is now bringing practical 
business transactions onto public blockchains. People can use fiat or crypto equivalent values on 
public blockchain for smart signing contracts on NEM or smart contracts on Ethereum. 

One-time Use Multi-Party Smart Contracts  
Mijin’s upcoming new Catapult engine has a unique feature called “aggregate transactions”.  An 
“aggregate transaction” basically combines multiple transactions as a set, and allows them to 
simultaneously transact upon the completion of a multi-sig sign-off from all the parties involved. 

http://coinmarketcap.com/assets/tether/


 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 17 - 

Note this is not accomplished via a multisig contract, it is an atomic swap, as long as the final 
balances are valid. This can be thought of as a one-time use multiparty smart contract that is 
natively supported by the Catapult Core. This new way of thinking about and executing contracts 
works via API calls and takes away the burden and risk of having to write a complicated smart 
contract designed for long term and repetitive use. Additionally, the one-time use contract will either 
execute or not execute as designed depending available balances. This limits the losses in contrast 
to longer term smart contracts that were written incorrectly and and are subject to repeatedly being 
attacked.   

Network Fee Delegation 
For an example of an aggregate transaction, let’s say Alice wants to sell 1 NEM:BTC for 300,000 
NEM:JPYZ, and Bob wants vice versa, but they do not have any XEM.  Now, Alice can request Zaif 
exchange for network transaction fee, by paying 0.00001 BTC.  When all 3 parties sign the request, 
Zaif exchange pays 1 XEM for the network fee and receive 0.00001 BTC for that service. At the 
same time,  Alice and Bob can swap those values without buying any XEM. 
 

 
This new concept allows people to carry out most of the business transactions on the NEM public 
blockchain without even realizing the need to use the XEM native currency for the network fee.  We 
believe this will popularize trustless transactions in native currencies as it eliminates the need for 
trusted 3rd party such as escrow services. 
  
This new feature will be introduced in the new Catapult version of the mijin private blockchain 
solution first, and subsequently will be implemented in the NEM public blockchain in 2018. 

Demand for Centralized Service 
As mentioned above, even with the long term risk of liquidation, Tether is growing rapidly as the 
most popular fiat pegged cryptocurrency.  At the same time, instant exchange services such as 
Shapeshift and Changelly, also centralized services, are very popular and convenient among many 
users. The risk of using these services is minimum and limited to the time of a conversion and a 
confirmation in the destination blockchain.  An asset goes through a centralized service for that 
instant of time, but once it is received at the destination, the asset is secured. While the blockchain 
was founded with the understanding that decentralization is a fundamental tenant, it is undeniable 
that centralized services are and will continue to play very important roles for the crypto industry. 
  



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 18 - 

COMSA uses blockchain technology to provide for these services. With COMSA, except for the fiat 
pegged tokens, people can minimize the risk of loss by disposing their assets instantly at the native 
blockchain level.  If some exchanges guarantee the disposal of those fiat pegged currencies, the 
risk will be limited to that time frame.  With COMSA, depending on the risk capacity, one can turn 
fiat currencies or cryptocurrencies into tokens first using the blockchain.  We believe the benefits of 
these blockchains will override the risk of loss very easily, vis-à-vis the likes of Shapeshift or 
Changelly. 

Japanese Regulation 
On April 1st, 2017, a new law was passed and enforced to regulate crypto exchanges in Japan.  
Existing crypto exchanges have been given a  6-month window to register themselves with the FSA, 
i.e., by Oct. 1st, 2017.  Tech Bureau’s, Zaif, submitted its application to FSA for approval as one of 
the largest crypto exchanges in Japan.  Approval is expected to be given by  Oct. 1st, 2017. 
  
This new Japanese regulation will enforce the need to have a proper audit of all transactions as well 
as requiring exchanges to have proper segregation of funds held in trust for both fiat currencies and 
cryptocurrencies.  As a licensed and registered Japanese exchange, Zaif, will be able to utilize 
these segregation requirements of the regulation to provide better credibility than exchanges in 
other places. 
  
All the funds received at Zaif exchange on behalf of COMSA for crypto pegged tokens and fiat 
pegged tokens, will be segregated as required by law. 

About NEM 
NEM is one of the largest blockchain/cryptocurrency projects in the world. Instead of a programing 
language based contract, NEM emphasizes on its Smart Asset Model and signature based “Smart 
Signing Contracts” available out-of-the-box via APIs. Additionally, it can utilise an off-chain smart 
contract to drive its transaction outcomes onto the blockchain. 
  
The NEM blockchain solution allows the creation of uniquely defined token assets in a tree-like 
structure, using Namespaces and Sub-Namespaces. 
  
With the combination of both the On-chain Smart Asset Modeling, off-chain smart contracts, and 
Smart Signing Contracts, the powerful NEM protocol can substantially decrease the application 
development time by 50%. 
  
The native cryptocurrency of NEM is called “XEM”, and it has grown its market cap by more than 
100,000% in 2 years to be one of the largest cryptocurrencies in the world. 

About Mijin 
Mijin is a private blockchain technology platform sold by Tech Bureau. This technology platform is 
developed by the same core developers of the NEM blockchain project. Based on the NEM 
protocol, mijin allows any entity to build high transaction throughputs in a private blockchain using a 
peer to peer network.   
  



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 19 - 

Mijin has various use cases which prove it to be a robust and practical blockchain product. These 
use cases include: 
  

● World’s first bank ledger solution to be tested by a Japanese Internet bank. 
● World’s first application for micro financing by Infoteria. 
● High throughput loyalty point system by Hitachi Solutions. 
● Logistics POC for Seino Transportation Co.,Ltd. 
● POC for Chubu Electric Power Co.,Inc. 
● More than 300 businesses testing or using the mijin in the CloudChain beta program hosted 

by Sakura Internet: NEC, NTT Data Getronics, TIS, NRI, and more. 

About Ethereum  
Ethereum is an open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform featuring 
smart contract (scripting) functionality, which facilitates online contractual agreements. It provides a 
decentralized Turing-complete virtual machine, the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM), which can 
execute scripts using an international network of public nodes. Ethereum also provides a 
cryptocurrency token called "ether", which can be transferred between accounts and used to 
compensate participant nodes for computations performed. "Gas", an internal transaction pricing 
mechanism, is used to mitigate spam and allocate resources on the network. 
 
Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethereum  

About Zaif 
Zaif is one of the largest crypto exchanges in Japan.  It is the oldest operating Japanese Bitcoin 
exchange, having established itself since Apr. 2014, after the failed Mt. Gox exchange as a 
Japanese Bitcoin exchange. 
 
Zaif will provide the following services as part of the COMSA solution. 
 

● Listing of ICO tokens. 
● /BTC and /ETH pairs for all COMSA initiated cryptos. 
● Backing the pegged tokens issued by COMSA with segregated funds. 
● Multi-language support. (English and Chinese are planned in the year 2017.) 
● Payment services to allow holders to pay in ICO tokens. 

About Tech Bureau 
Tech Bureau is an international Crypto-Fintech Lab founded by Takao Asayama in 2014 in Japan.  
Tech Bureau had acquired Japan’s oldest and operating Bitcoin exchange “Etwings” in early 2015, 
and relaunched it as “Zaif” in Apr. 2015. Zaif has been a token oriented crypto exchange since Aug. 
2016. 
 
Tech Bureau has raised 100 million JPY in the seed round from NTVP, and 830 million JPY in the 
series A round from a consortium of a few venture capital companies. Its investors vary from 
financial institutions to technology companies, which include Money Partners Group, Infoteria, 
OKwave, Hiroshima Capital, FISCO and CAICA. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethereum


 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 20 - 

 
Mijin is a commercial private blockchain product developed by Tech Bureau in cooperation with the 
3 NEM core developers.  Mijin is launching a new version, “Catapult”, in the summer/fall 2017 and it 
will be an essential part of the COMSA solution. 
 
Tech Bureau impact has been strong on listed companies in the Japanese stock market since Dec. 
2015.  In the report “Computer Services Industry Fintech and blockchain: The impact on Japan’s IT 
services sector”, Bank of America Merrill Lynch says, “We see the penetration of the Mijin 
blockchain-based platform from Tech Bureau (an unlisted company) as an indicator of the potential 
earnings impact on the domestic IT sector.” 
 
The report also said, “We would cite Tech Bureau as a company playing a central role in the use of 
blockchain technology in the Japan market. The venture company develops the Mijin blockchain 
platform, operates the Zaif domestic Bitcoin exchange, and is at the forefront of blockchain 
technology with joint development of services utilizing licensed technology.” They further mentioned  
Tech Bureau as the “Technology central to spread of blockchain adoption”. 
 
Source: https://www.dropbox.com/s/c7aug6w5wisvgsv/meryllynch-report2016-english.pdf?dl=1 

Tech Bureau Executives 
Takao Asayama 
CEO of Tech Bureau Corp. Council member of 
NEM foundation. Director of BCCC - Blockchain 
Collaborative Consortium and JCBA - Japan 
Cryptocurrency Business Association. 

Jaguar0625 
A.k.a “Jaguar0625”.  Mijin CTO of Tech Bureau 
Corp. Lead core developer of NEM blockchain 
project and also mijin private blockchain 
product. 

Ryosuke Hosoi 
Zaif CTO of Tech Bureau Corp. 

Mitsutoshi Fukunaga 
CMO of Tech Bureau Corp. 

Kazunobu Hatta 
CFO of Tech Bureau Corp. 

Tom Beno 
US region manager of Tech Bureau. 

Legal Advisors 
Michio Asayama 
Co-founder and legal advisor of Tech Bureau. 
Partner attorney at law of Kotohira law firm. 

ICO Committee Members 
The ICO committee established by Tech Bureau are proven, credible and important persons from 
various communities and industries.  Along with the Tech Bureau executives, the committee will 
provide consultation and support the development of the COMSA solutions, invite businesses as 
ICO projects, and/or discuss about the future ICOs. 

Lon Wong 
President of NEM.io foundation. CEO of 
Dragonfly Fintech, Singapore. 

Jeff McDonald 
Vice president of NEM.io foundation. 

https://www.dropbox.com/s/c7aug6w5wisvgsv/meryllynch-report2016-english.pdf?dl=1


 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 21 - 

Kazutaka Muraguchi 
COMSA partner. Venture capitalist and CEO of 
Nippon Technology Venture Partners. 

Yoichiro “Pina” Hirano 
CEO of Infoteria Corp. (TYO:3853)  

Yokiko Nishimura 
General manager of public relations and 
business development 
Money Partners Group (TYO:8732). 

Hitoshi Kano 
CEO of Fisco Ltd. (JASDAQ:3807) 

Ryuji Yagi 
CEO of Caica Inc. (JASDAQ:2315) 

Kaneto Kanemoto 
CEO of OKWAVE (NAGOYA:3808) 

Yosuke Iwai 
CEO of Arara Inc. 

Nate D'Amico 
CEO of Reactor8 

Kunihiro Tanaka 
CEO of Sakura Internet Inc.(TYO:3778) 

Osamu Ogasawara 
CEO of ABBALab inc. 

Katsuaki Sato 
CEO of Metaps Inc. (TYO:6712) 

Masahiko Ito 
Senior Deputy General Manager of Corporate 
Planning Division / Senior Chief Manager of 
Center of FinTech Office 
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation 

Ken Shishido 
Tokyo Bitcoin Meetup Group 

Tetsuyuki Oishi 
CSO of United Bitcoiners Inc. 

Jin Nakamura 
CEO of MONEY DESIGN Co., LTD. 

Noriyuki Hirosue 
Founder / CEO of bitbank,inc. 

Partners 

Nippon Technology Venture Partners 
NTVP - Nippon Technology Venture Partners is one of the leading Japanese venture capital 
companies specialized in investments for high-tech businesses.  NTVP is known for investment in 
DeNA, and was a seed investor of Tech Bureau.  Its recent portfolio includes Robotics, AI, and 
blockchain technology. 

Infoteria Corporation. 
Infoteria Corporation is a leading software company providing connectivity across “computers”, 
“people” and “things” with leading edge technology. Its best-selling middleware – ASTERIA – 
already supports blockchain for enterprise companies. We are eager to enhance our product 
features such as supporting multi-sig with non-coding environment, and exploit new markets such 
as ICO for various industries. 

FISCO 
FISCO Ltd. is a Japanese financial information vendor. FISCO provides investment information to 
dedicated terminals such as QUICK, Reuters, and Bloomberg; Internet portal websites such as 
Yahoo!, MSN, and InfoSeek; and a number of securities companies. As a group of professionals, 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 22 - 

FISCO provides investors the best investment support services based on deep understanding and 
knowledge of investment and markets. Distribute ICO market information as a COMSA partner. 

CAICA 
CAICA  CAICA Inc. is a Japanese system integrator. CAICA has a strong track record in system 
development for financial institutions such as banks, securities companies, and life insurers. 
CAICA’s strengths are centered particularly on development of settlement systems for financing, 
forex, sales office terminals, and online banking.   CAICA collaborates with Tech Bureau in a wide 
range of fields to test and sell blockchain technology. CAICA is an alliance partner in providing 
testing and support services and system development for Tech Bureau’s “Mijin” blockchain. 

arara 
arara in Japan is one of the largest private e-money and CRM solutions in SaaS market. arara is 
providing new, safer and more efficient solutions utilizing the blockchain technology. In the 
cooperation with Tech Bureau and ICO committee, arara plans to develop and provide ICO related 
services. 

COMSA Resources 

Official Website 
http://comsa.io/ 

Official Telegram 
https://t.me/comsaio  

Official Slack 
http://comsa.herokuapp.com/  

Latest Whitepaper 
http://i.nf/comsawpen    

Official twitter 
https://twitter.com/comsadotio  

Official Facebook Page 
http://i.nf/comsafb  

COMSA Roadmap 
https://comsa.io/en/roadmap  

COMSA FAQs 

What does “COMSA” stand for? 
 
We simply translated “ C hain”  of “ C omputer Chain ”  into Japanese kanji “ 鎖 (Kusari / 

Sa) ”  and created a new word “ C om Sa” .   It is also pronounced in the same way as French 

http://comsa.io/
https://t.me/comsaio
http://comsa.herokuapp.com/
http://i.nf/comsawpen
https://twitter.com/comsadotio
http://i.nf/comsafb
https://comsa.io/en/roadmap


 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 23 - 

phrase “ Comme ça” ,  which means “ l ike this ”  in English.  We would like to lead the 

market to show how real world businesses can utilize blockchain technology “ like this ” .  
 
 
  



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 24 - 

APPENDIX 1 - Use Cases 

Use Case - Talent Trading Cards - 
Let’s say some talent management business “A” is to issue trading cards for dozens of talents. “A” 
issues token asset for each talent on the NEM blockchain and provides an app for users to make a 
collection of these cards. 
  
COMSA first supports “A” to go ICO for “A token” as its central currency.  “A” raises a certain 
amount of funds to develop trading card services and apps. 
  
“A” creates 10,000 trading cards per each talent as token assets on NEM blockchain.  Users have 
to obtain “A token” first to buy any trading cards from “A” or in the exchange market.  Trading cards 
get added into the app as users collect them one by one. These cards can be swapped or 
transferred directly among users, or traded at Zaif exchange. 
  
Users send those cards to the game app to play it, and playing rules are written in public smart 
contracts on Ethereum network.  For token transfer between apps, COMSA CORE converts NEM 
assets into Ethereum tokens.  All the fees will be charged to users by “A” in “A token” to cover 
network fees.  The game app also allows users to win trading cards from other users which 
automatically gets transferred into their app. These trading will be converted via COMSA CORE. 
 

 
  
Instead of managing the inventory of trading cards using raw secret keys or some token devices, “A” 
builds an inventory management system with the mijin private ledger. Any transfer of newly issued 
tokens can be authorized only by a multi-sig sign-off between designated operators and the 
management team. 
  
Asset information will be disclosed openly, and developers can create their own apps or web 
services to handle trading cards.  “A” withholds all the copyrights of trading card images and can 
protect them from unauthorized commercial usages. 
  



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 25 - 

“A” allocates a portion of revenue from new card crowdsales and conversion fees to buy back and 
burn “A token”. 

Use Case - VR World Currency- 
Virtual Reality is a novelty and is becoming a craze. At the same time, it is undergoing a paradigm 
shift in its use and sophistication. New virtual reality games will need to have a dedicated currency 
for each game in the virtual economy. The Linden dollar for second life is one such example. 
  
A Blockchain solution, especially if it is running on a private network where there is more control and 
flexibility, is very suitable for VR games, vis-à-vis public chains that may have other issues running 
it. 
  
COMSA is a well suited solution where currency tokens in the public blockchain can be integrated 
into the internal and private blockchain of the VR game using the mijin private blockchain. These 
ledgers will be synchronized and balanced using the COMSA HUB. 
  
This tightly coupled integration allows users to send and receive tokens from outside the VR realm 
to a specific user in the VR realm that is powered by the mijin private blockchain. Further, the 
currency can be in any denomination such as ICO issuer’s token, Bitcoin, XEM, Ether, or even fiat 
currency pegged tokens. 
  
This method of VR balance management now uses the blockchain to manage balances instead of a 
legacy database. Essentially the blockchain solution makes this more secure and efficient. The 
COMSA offering also allows token transfers to be ubiquitous in a few more public blockchains, thus 
covering a wide market. 
  
A private blockchain enables a much higher throughput in excess of one thousand transactions per 
second, hence enabling micro transactions in real-time in the VR environment. This allows for VR 
games to be run on a blockchain, while at the same time, allows for public blockchain tokens to be 
useable in the VR platform. 
  
VR token balance cannot be changed and can easily be audited using the APIs in the mijin private 
blockchain. Hence fraud, and manipulation of token balances is full-proof in the blockchain 
environment. 
  
This highly secure environment prevents a lot of fraud from happening and also allows for user 
peace of mind that they can send money or cryptocurrencies into the VR environment and be sure 
that their token balances will not be changed or manipulated. 
 
 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 26 - 

 
 
In the above example, COMSA bridges Alice’s NEM:USD (public blockchain) to Bob by way of 
sending an equivalent pegged amount of mijin.001:USD to Bob in the VR private chain, all made 
possible using the COMSA solution. 

Use Case - IoT Authentication & Ledger - 
In a IoT era, we have to manage millions of devices and million account balances for monetary 
values exchanged among them. 
 
Blockchain technology can be the best answer for IoT to manage them, and COMSA solution would 
be most suitable. 
 
Capacity problem always haunts us when talking about the public blockchain.  There are several 
developing technologies such as sidechain or lightning network but COMSA proposes a realistic 
solution utilizing private blockchain networks instead of an add-on layer technology. 
 
An address generated by a device can be used among multiple mijin networks with the same 
address.  COMSA HUB lets multiple mijin networks talk to each other to sync and peg tokens, while 
at the same time its balance is kept consistent among these mjin networks and even on public 
blockchains such as Bitcoin, NEM, or Ethereum. 
 
Any device can be authenticated using a multi-sig request on a private blockchains, that can handle 
high throughput transactions.  
 
This allows devices to have their own monetary balances settled as micro transactions for their 
micro jobs they have done, and at a high throughput. 
 
The ledger itself can reside inside or outside of devices.  Without compromising the security, mijin 
let these devices interact with multiple private blockchains on the Internet. 
 



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 27 - 

 
 
With COMSA, now those devices can handle fiat pegged tokens or cryptocurrency pegged tokens 
directly.  The owner of devices can control who can transfer the balance in the devices and  to 
where, and can even deactivate them by removing its key from the device in case the device goes 
out of control. All these authentication and controls can be done using the  native NEM protocol in a  
public blockchain or mijin private blockchain. 
 
These mijin networks not only can handle value or money transfers, but they can also encrypted t 
messages embedded on transactions.  For example, one can send an order to her car to update its 
firmware via Over-the-air, that can be opened only by the car itself and authorized by a multi-sig.  All 
these messages or requests can be sent via the Internet instead of VPN. 
 
Controlling IoT devices, and managing their ledgers are easier than ever with COMSA solution. 
  



 

 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 

 
COMSA Whitepaper - © 2017 Tech Bureau Corp. All Rights Reserved.   - 28 - 

APPENDIX 2 - Change Log 

Change Log 
Date Rev. Updates 

08/03/2017 1.0 First version released. 

08/15/2017 1.1 “Community Vote” added to “Token Functions and Benefits”. 

10/02/2017 1.2 Fixed typos. Time bonus details added. ICO project list updated. Committee 
member changed. 

03/08/2018 1.3 Committee member and Legal adviser changed. 

 


	INDEX
	Summary
	COMSA Token Sale
	Token Functions and Benefits
	Community Vote
	Burn of CMS Token
	Invitation-Only Pre-Sale of Future ICOs

	Budget Allocation
	ICO Market and Industry
	COMSA ICO Solution
	COMSA and Other Upcoming ICO Projects in 2017
	What is COMSA
	COMSA CORE
	COMSA CORE = Conversion Network
	Zero-Downtime COMSA CORE
	Oracle (Monitor)
	Multi-sig Authenticator
	COMSA CONTROLLER
	Auditable API
	Two-Layer Ledger
	The Advantages of Centralization

	COMSA HUB
	Fiat Pegged Tokens
	Cryptocurrency Pegged Tokens
	Business Transactions on Public Blockchains
	One-time Use Multi-Party Smart Contracts
	Network Fee Delegation
	Demand for Centralized Service
	Japanese Regulation
	About NEM
	About Mijin
	About Ethereum
	About Zaif
	About Tech Bureau
	Tech Bureau Executives
	Legal Advisors
	ICO Committee Members
	Partners
	Nippon Technology Venture Partners
	Infoteria Corporation.
	FISCO
	CAICA
	arara

	COMSA Resources
	Official Telegram
	Official Website
	Latest Whitepaper
	Official Slack
	Official Facebook Page
	Official twitter
	COMSA Roadmap
	COMSA FAQs
	What does “COMSA” stand for?

	Use Case - Talent Trading Cards -
	Use Case - VR World Currency-
	Use Case - IoT Authentication & Ledger -
	Change Log

