













































enhanced travel experiences 
powered by a decentralized 

P2P travel agency, optimized 
for the millennial traveler

Cool Cousin whitepaper v1.9

10 April 2018



2

WP 01

overview 4

legal disclaimer 6

Cool Cousin — a growing company 8
iOS and web apps 9

millennial travel habits 11

operating in a huge market 12

growth in numbers 13

in the media 15

a growing community 16

growth—80% organic 19

millennial travelers—Cool Cousin’s core audience 20

Cool Cousin’s vision 21
becoming the world’s largest decentralized travel agency 21

redefining the role of the travel agent 21

Cousins—the new and improved travel agent 22

introducing the CUZ token economy 22

one ecosystem comprised of two entities 22

The Company 23

The Community 23

The Board of Representatives 23

participants in the Cool Cousin community 24

community governance 24

business model 28

fees from Cousin services 28

affiliation fees 31

solutions for businesses and organizations 32

Cool Cousin API 34

the Community Pool 36

the Rewards Engine 36

collecting fees for the benefit of all 37

table of contents



3

WP 01

setting up the Community Pool 38

economy that creates value 38

making CUZ accessible 39
simple wallet 39

removing user barriers / user experience 40

technical considerations 41
wallet 41

ERC20 42

Cousin identity management 42

escrow 42

blockchain applications in Cool Cousin 44

timeline 46
use of proceeds 47

CUZ token issuance 48
allocation 48

ICO details 49
ICO tImeline 50

team 51
founders 51

team 52

table of contents



WP 01

In this paper, Cool Cousin, a VC-backed travel company, presents its vision for CUZ - a 
decentralized ecosystem that uses smart contracts to guarantee the direct and secure 
exchange of knowledge and services between travelers and locals around the world, with 
the goal of propagating fantastic travel experiences. 

Use of the internet and reliance on it as a resource puts users in a precarious position, now 
more than ever. No generation before has had access to so much information, with so little 
ability to make good use of it. Powerful agendas, fake news, an overload of choice and the 
financial interests of a handful of large stakeholders influence the content we’re exposed 
to. Ultimately, we are not as free as we like to imagine. And yet, just 26 years ago, the 
internet completely revolutionized our lives and opened up so many great opportunities 
for consumers. 

Tourism, one of the world’s largest industries with market value of over $2.3 trillion in 2016 
alone, was one of the first to be dramatically transformed by the internet. Online booking 
companies such as Priceline ($85B) rendered high street travel agents obsolete; Airbnb 
(Estimated $30B) turned everyone with an extra bed into a semi-pro hotel owner; Yelp 
($3.5B) and TripAdvisor ($5B) gave consumers a voice, amassing a bank of tens of millions of 
reviews about every hotel, store and restaurant on the planet, cataloguing and distributing 
the information for mass consumption. 

So far so good. 

Nowadays, these giant companies use scale strategies to create sophisticated networks, 
giving consumers a false sense of variety and reality, when in fact they are in an echo 
chamber of predetermined options. The economics of this highly centralized industry, 
with big average purchases and high revenues per-user for low marginal costs, make it a 
very lucrative and thus a competitive arena. Small to medium size travel companies don’t 
stand a chance. Vast resources are used to manipulate search engine optimization and 
tweak advertising prices. Market interests which prioritize sales over accuracy and volume 
over personalization, taint our search results. Our feeds are filled with content we are 
most likely to pay for, not information leading to the best personal experience for travelers. 

To guarantee large numbers of active users, information has largely remained “free” - further 
cementing a standard which nullifies competition. Ultimately, the business model that 
upholds these companies devalues the information they offer, and travelers pay the price.

These travelers, especially millennials, have become painfully aware of the biases and 
manipulations within the travel industry. A recent article on Vice1 that demonstrates 

overview

4

http://bit.ly/2B9ra2M


5

WP 01

the ease with which someone can turn their backyard shed into the top rated London 
restaurant on Tripadvisor, is just one in a myriad of examples that kindle such mistrust. In 
an effort to avoid time-consuming research, people are reverting to pre-internet tactics 
of information sourcing - from reaching out to friends to paying travel agents2. A Nielsen 
study found that 82% of responders prefer recommendations from someone they know3, 
and in the US, 22% of traveler used travel agents to book their trip in 2016, up from 14% in 
20144. At the same time, 34% of millennials used a travel agent, up 19% from 2011. Those 
who stick to surfing the web, visit an average of 28 different websites in 76 online sessions 
over a period of 53 days5.

Travel agents today focus mainly on luxury markets and business travel, charging hefty 
premiums for the personalized service and expert information they provide6. Despite their 
expensive services that don’t suit most travelers, over a third of millennials say they will 
use a travel agent the next time they travel7. This internet savvy generation and the fastest 
growing segment of travelers, is willing to pay a stranger with inbuilt biases who knows 
nothing about them to make travel decisions for them8 - anything but spend the hours it 
takes to find valuable intel. 

Now, millenials have an optimized go-to service. Cool Cousin has established itself as an 
alternative for travelers where they can easily access information they need by directly 
connecting with locals - aka Cousins. Since we launched with a Beta version in July 2016, 
more than 500K travelers have used the service to explore over 65 cities worldwide with 
personalized trusted guides and tips received directly from Cousins. 

With double-digit growth in monthly users and a community of over 1,000 Cousins, Cool 
Cousin is ready to take its next big leap. By building a decentralized ecosystem of locals 
and travelers around the world, powered by a new cryptocurrency called CUZ, Cool 
Cousin is establishing the grounds for a new travel agent: our Cousins. In this ecosystem, 
Cool Cousin is granting travelers easy access to personalized time-and-money-saving 
services and information suited to their taste, while giving locals the opportunity to use 
their unique knowledge as a source of income. As Airbnb enabled people with an extra 
room to be hosts (not hoteliers) and Uber allowed car-owners to be independent transport 
drivers, we equip city influencers with tools to offer information and services and to 
find demand. With a growing user base and thousands of daily interactions waiting to 
be tokenized, Cool Cousin is perfectly positioned to become a place where mainstream 
travelers adopt cryptocurrency by taking part in our thriving global network that provides 
superior travel services, powered by the crypto token CUZ 

overview

http://www.travelmarketreport.com/articles/Consumers-Continue-To-Use-Travel-Agents-Despite-Online-Push
http://www.nielsen.com/content/dam/nielsenglobal/apac/docs/reports/2015/nielsen-global-trust-in-advertising-report-september-2015.pdf
https://skift.com/2016/06/13/millennials-are-more-likely-to-use-travel-agent-than-any-other-u-s-demographic/
http://www.mdgadvertising.com/blog/7-travel-marketing-trends-worth-exploring-in-2017/
https://www.vogue.com/article/return-of-the-travel-agent-travel-designers
http://www.travelandleisure.com/travel-tips/travel-agents/millennials-travel-agents
https://www.travelagentcentral.com/running-your-business/studies-show-why-millennials-are-good-news-for-travel-agents


6

WP 01

summary
IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE READ THE ENTIRETY OF THE “Legal Considerations, Risks 
and Disclaimer” SCHEDULE CAREFULLY. WE RECOMMEND YOU CONSULT A LEGAL, 
FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S) OR EXPERTS FOR FURTHER 
GUIDANCE prior to participating in the Cool Cousin token sale outlined in this White 
Paper.

Please note that this is a summary of the legal considerations, risks and disclaimers 
schedule that can be found in the following [link], and which you must read in full 
before: (i) making use of this White Paper and any and all information available on the 
website(s) of Cool Cousin (the "Company”) and/or (ii) participating in the Company’s 
token sale outlined in this White Paper (the "Token Sale”). Any undefined capitalized 
terms below shall have the meaning set out in the "Legal Considerations, Risks and 
Disclaimer” schedule. This summary should not be relied on in place of reading the 
"Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” schedule in full.

The "Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” schedule applies to this White Paper 
and any and all information available on the Website. The contents of the "Legal 
Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” schedule outlines the terms and conditions 
applicable to you in connection with (i) your use of this White Paper and of any and all 
information available on the Website; and/or (ii) your participation in the Token Sale, 
in each case in addition to any other terms and conditions that we may publish from 
time to time relating to this White Paper, the Website and the Token Sale (such terms 
hereinafter referred to as the "Terms”).

The information set forth in the "Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” schedule 
may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. 
While we make every reasonable effort to ensure that all information: (i) in this White 
Paper; and (ii) available on the Website (collectively referred to as the "Available 
Information”) is accurate and up to date, such material in no way constitutes 
professional advice.

The Company does not recommend purchasing Tokens for speculative investment 
purposes. Tokens do not entitle you to any equity, corporate governance, dividends, 
voting or similar right or entitlement in the Company or in any of its affiliated 
companies. Tokens are sold as digital assets, similar to downloadable software, digital 

legal considerations, 
risks and disclaimer

https://www.coolcousin.com/ico/coolcousin-legal.pdf
https://www.coolcousin.com/ico/coolcousin-legal.pdf
https://www.coolcousin.com/ico/coolcousin-legal.pdf


7

WP 01

music and the like. The Company does not recommend that you purchase Tokens 
unless you have prior experience with cryptographic tokens, blockchain-based 
software and distributed ledger technology and unless you have taken independent 
professional advice.

Residents of the United States of America, and citizens, nationals, residents (tax 
or otherwise) and/or green card holders of each of the Republic of Singapore, the 
People's Republic of China, the State of Israel, or any other jurisdiction which prohibits 
the possession, dissemination or communication of the Available Information and/
or prohibits participation in the Token Sale or the purchase of Tokens or any such 
similar activity (a “Restricted Jurisdiction”) or any other Restricted Persons are not 
permitted to participate in the Token Sale. The term "Restricted Persons" refers to any 
firm, company, partnership, trust, corporation, entity, government, state or agency of a 
state or any other incorporated or unincorporated body or association, association or 
partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality) that is established and/
or lawfully existing under the laws of a Restricted Jurisdiction.

In no event shall the Company or any current or former Company Representatives be 
liable for the Excluded Liability Matters.

The Company does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any 
representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or 
person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the 
truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in the Available 
Information.

You should carefully consider and evaluate each of the risk factors and all other 
information contained in the Terms before deciding to participate in the Token Sale.



8

WP 01

Cool Cousin is the closest thing to having a friend in every city in the world. The most 
valuable source of information about a new destination is a local friend - a trusted 
insider who knows your taste and can direct you to places that suit you. Unfortunately, 
we don’t have a local friend in every city we visit, and online information and services 
fail time and again to provide us with a good alternative.

Founded as an antidote to the growing frustration experienced when trying to discover 
relevant places and activities in a new city, Cool Cousin directly connects travelers to 
like-minded locals - aka Cousins - for an open and unbiased exchange of treasured 
local knowledge. Using the service, travelers can search through a list of Cousins in 
over 65 destinations, and find those who are the right fit for them. Each Cousin has a 
distinct guide to their city with their favorite neighborhood spots and local businesses, 
available online and offline. Travelers searching for something specific, like cheap 
tickets to a football match or a nearby bar hosting a cool local band, can also reach out 
to their Cousins directly for personal on-demand assistance. 

Cool Cousin — 
a growing company



WP 01

A

Choose a destination and get a local’s insider 

guidance

B

Browse our community of locals who we call 

Cousins

C

Filter by bio, age, photos, tags and preferences, 

and connect with Cousins who suit your taste

FIGURE 1

9

Cool Cousin — a growing company



10

the Cool Cousin app — web & iOS 
Travelers using the iOS and web versions of Cool Cousin can access unique city guides 
curated by 1,000± Cousins in 65+ cities, filter the guides by age, bio, sex and categories, 
and reach out to their selected Cousins for tailored advice. To date, we’ve released 60 
updates for the fully-native iOS app since it’s launch in July 2016, and launched a fully-
responsive progressive web app in June 2017. 

D

Select a Cousin and get instant access to their 

city guide, available online and offline as a 

map or list

E

Get your Cousin’s personal recommendation 

for the spots they love and save places from all 

Cousins to curate your own list

F

For personalised guidance that is customized 

to your needs, message your Cousin and get 

advice straight from a local in the know, within 

a few hours

FIGURE 2

WP 01 Cool Cousin — a growing company



11

WP 01

millennial travel habits

want to experience 
places like a local

35
days travelled 29

days
travelled

gen z

baby boomers

27
days

travelled

millennials are on vacation 
more days each year

millennial average 
yearly travel expense

$4,624

millennials take 
40% more vacations 

other generations

2.38

1.8

03

1.5

0

VACATIONS 
EACH YEAR

FIGURE 3 10

Millennials, the largest living generation, are known for their increased spending 
power and a decreased desire to purchase products, making them a considerable 
driving force of the flourishing tourism industry. Overall, this generation spends an 
average of 35 days of travel and 2.38 vacations each year - 24% more than Gen Z and 
25.5% more than Boomers - and a greater percentage of their salary on experiences9. 
For this reason, millennials are Cool Cousin’s main target audience and the service’s 
core user base. 

80%
over

of millennials

Cool Cousin — a growing company

https://skift.com/2017/10/02/u-s-millennials-travel-the-most-but-gen-z-is-on-the-rise/
https://skift.com/2017/10/02/u-s-millennials-travel-the-most-but-gen-z-is-on-the-rise/


WP 01

operating in a huge market
Travel & Tourism accounts for 10% of the world’s GDP, and 1 in every 10 jobs. When the 
first commercial jet debuted in 1950, there were around 25 million international tourist 
arrivals worldwide11. Today, the number has risen to 1.24 billion, generating $2.3 trillion 
in direct revenue. In 2016 alone, Travel and Tourism indirectly contributed $7.6 trillion 
to the global economy, or 10.6% of the world’s total GDP12.

FIGURE 4 13

12

in direct contribution to world GDP

$3.5
TRILLION

$2.3
TRILLION$1.9

TRILLION

2007 2017 2027

travel
industry
growth

Cool Cousin — a growing company

https://www.statista.com/statistics/262750/number-of-international-tourist-arrivals-worldwide/
https://www.statista.com/statistics/262750/number-of-international-tourist-arrivals-worldwide/
https://www.wttc.org/-/media/files/reports/economic-impact-research/regions-2017/world2017.pdf


WP 01

growth in numbers

OUR GROWTH 

With over 100K users per month, Cool Cousin has been growing in double digit 
numbers since first introduced in 2016. Crowned by the National Geographic, New 
York, LA Times, The Guardian and USA Today as a “must app for travelers”, Cool Cousin 
has managed to stand out as a promising new player in the highly crowded travel 
arena. Our distinct approach considers discovery through people the best way to get 
personalized and more authentic experiences14.

USER GROWTH

Cool Cousin has seen steady user growth since its launch in Q3 2016. In Q3 and Q4 of 
2017 the company has seen exponential growth of 220% rooted in the launch of our 
web app and expansion to new destinations.

13

FIGURE 5

JUL
2017

150K

550K

450K

350K

250K

220% total user growth 
in the past six months

JAN
2018

JAN
2017

JUL
2016

Cool Cousin — a growing company

https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/nov/9/millennials-prefer-authenticity/


WP 01

GROWTH IN COUSIN-TRAVELER INTERACTIONS 

In the last 6 months we have witnessed a 310% growth in the number of quality 
interactions between Cousins and travelers: Thousands of our city guides are 
referred to and inquiries for personalized advice are made on a daily basis. 

Cousin-traveler interactions 
grew over 310% 

in the past six months

FIGURE 6

JUN
2017

10K

31K

DEC
2017

14

Cool Cousin — a growing company



WP 01

in the press

“This app is so good 
I’m surprised it’s free”

“This is the app 
you need”

“It's a ready-made itinerary from 
a kindred spirit, rather than a tired 

tourist trap top 10”

“This startup might be onto something”

App of the Day 
on the Apple App Store

Best 7 
Navigation Apps

Top 10 
Apps You Need

2017 Best New 
Travel App

“This app is perfect for travelers who 
don’t have any cool Cousins of their own”

15

Cool Cousin — a growing company

http://www.latimes.com/travel/la-tr-webbuzz-20170115-story.html
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExOyl3Tc2Mw
https://www.pcmag.com/news/352145/need-a-travel-tip-cool-cousin-connects-you-with-locals
https://techcrunch.com/2017/07/27/cool-cousins-social-app-for-travellers-raises-2m-round-led-by-elevator-fund/
http://www.travelandleisure.com/travel-tips/mobile-apps/best-navigation-apps
https://www.nationalgeographic.com/travel/travel-interests/tips-and-advice/10-best-travel-apps/
http://www.10best.com/awards/travel/best-new-travel-app-2016/
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/08/travel/local-tourist-apps.html


WP 01

a growing community
Our community of Cousins is the beating heart of Cool Cousin - they create the content, 
answer travelers’ questions and are the driving force of the company’s growth.They come 
from a diverse range of backgrounds, and each one has a set of unique experiences that 
can be unlocked in a single click. Since the company’s early days, Cool Cousin attracted 
demand from locals who wanted to join the community and become Cousins in their 
hometown. These numbers have steadily risen, and in 2017 alone, over 6,000 people from 
more than 300 different cities applied to become Cousins. Such demand required the 
optimization and streamlining of our Cousin onboarding process, enabling growth from 
400 to 1,000 Cousins in just 6 months. Every week we onboard dozens of new Cousins and 
open and launch a new destination every 5 days, with plans to reach 1,500 Cousins in 100 
destinations by spring 2018. 

JAN
2018

JAN
2017

OCT
2017

OCT
2016

JUL
2017

JUL
2016

APR
2017

APR
2016

50 100
140

200
260

400

700

250% community growth
in the past six months

1000

16

a new city is launched
every 4.5 days 

in the past 3 months

JAN
2018

JAN
2017

OCT
2017

OCT
2016

JUL
2017

JUL
2016

APR
2017

APR
2016

1 2
5

12
16

30

50

65

• number of cities

• number of Cousins

FIGURE 7

FIGURE 8

Cool Cousin — a growing company



WP 01

Apart from creating all of Cool Cousin’s content and sharing their knowledge with 
travelers, our community of Cousins is also an important marketing channel that drives 
Cool Cousin’s organic growth. Each Cousin grants us access to their network of thousands, 
facilitating organic user acquisition and exposure to the Cool Cousin brand, for 0 dollars. 
As our community grows, so does our potential organic reach, expected to double itself 
from the current 3 million by spring 2018.

17

active 
Cousins

1,000
Cousins
in pipeline

4,500
applications 
each month

1,000
unique 
recommendations

40,000

FIGURE 9

Cool Cousin — a growing company

3M

• number of Cousins

• Cousins' organic reach

0.5M 500

0 0

1M 1,000

1.5M

2M

2.5M

community’s network 
— organic access 
to 3M people

JAN
2018

JAN
2017

OCT
2017

OCT
2016

JUL
2017

JUL
2016

APR
2017

APR
2016



• Pipeline
• Available

territories Cool Cousin is active in

WP 01

18

Amsterdam
Athens
Austin
Barcelona
Belo Horizonte
Berlin
Boston
Brasilia
Brighton, UK
Brisbane
Bucharest
Budapest
Cambridge, UK
Chicago
Copenhagen
Curitiba
Dallas
Denver
Dublin
Edinburgh
Geneva
Gothenburg

Istanbul
Jerusalem
Kiev
Lausanne
Lisbon
London
Los Angeles
Madrid
Manila
Melbourne
Mexico City
Miami
Milan
Montreal
Moscow
Nashville
New York
Ottawa
Paris
Portland, OR
Porto
Porto Alegre

Prague
Rio De Janeiro
Rome
San Francisco
Sao Paulo
Seattle
Seoul
Singapore
Stockholm
Sydney
Taipei
Tbilisi
Tel-Aviv
Toronto
Vancouver
Venice
Vienna
Washington DC
Wellington
Zurich
——
and more...

FIGURE 10

Cool Cousin — a growing company



WP 01

growth — 80% organic
The traveler audience is one of the most difficult and expensive audiences to target. In 
order to work around the centralized media channels that demand enormous resources, 
we have four primary growth channels responsible for 80% of our monthly organic 
growth: Community, content marketing, search and social media. 

COMMUNITY 

Our Cousins are local micro-influencers, who are highly engaged with both their local 
community and Cool Cousin. They have an inherent interest to share their profiles, 
creating an organic network effect. Our community has enabled Cool Cousin to 
establish a scalable marketing channel that generates organic reach, strengthens brand 
recognition, onboards and re-engages users. 

CONTENT MARKETING 

The volumes of fantastic content created by our Cousins drives organic traffic to our 
platform and puts us in a strong position regarding search engine optimization (SEO) 
techniques necessary for growth. This editorial content allows targeting travelers and 
planners alike. By so doing, we can also engage with people who are just looking for 
inspiring and playful content, reaching over 500K readers a month.

SOCIAL MEDIA 

Our content allows us to engage ongoingly with our followers on Facebook, Instagram and 
twitter, with inspirational content that is highly teasing and shareable. This turns social 
media to a significant traffic source responsible for 19% of Cool Cousin’s new users. 

SEARCH 

Cool Cousin is content based service with tens of thousands of recommendations for 
restaurants, neighbourhoods, bars, parks, museums and more. Our robust reservoir of 
quality content is ranked high by Google and therefore prioritized over bot generated 
content. This makes organic search a scalable channel, that already plays a significant 
part in Cool Cousin’s growth, with 21% of all new users.

organic
growth80% 22.1% direct

17% community shares 9.2% search

16.5% content 5.1% referrals

10.4% promoted content

ORGANIC ~80%

PAID ~20%

9% ads

10.6% social media

FIGURE 11

19

Cool Cousin — a growing company



WP 01

millennial travelers —
Cool Cousin’s core audience
Cool Cousin's core user base is comprised of 56% millennials, aged 18-35. More than 
half of them are from the US and UK. The average traveler connects with at least three 
Cousins from their destination of choice; they start looking at city guides an average 
of six weeks prior to their trip and refer to the app at least once a day during their 
trip. Travelers who use in-app messaging send an average of three messages to their 
selected Cousins to get personalized guidance. 

Cool Cousin has unique insight into what travelers want and need. User feedback and 
data analysis of hundreds of thousands of travelers, allows us to continually optimize 
our platform and services to provide users with the best possible product. Looking 
forward, we’ve received strong validation of travelers’ demand for local intel, evident in 
users’ avid utilization of the direct communication channel with Cousins: they contact 
their Cousins prior to and during their trip to ask for advice about the best areas to 
book accomodation, events taking place during their visit, ways to purchase tickets 
and other personal interests. 

why do travelers message Cousins?

what's happening this week 
and event tickets

ask advice prior to booking 
a flight

12%

accommodation advice 
prior to an upcoming trip

25% 15%

travel concerns (safety, 
transport, etc.) 

16%

FIGURE 12

20

Cool Cousin — a growing company



21

WP 01

becoming the world’s largest 
decentralized travel agency
Cool Cousin is on a mission to revolutionize the travel industry by connecting travelers 
with like-minded locals - Cousins - in every city on the planet for an unmediated 
exchange of personalized information and customized services. By building a global 
decentralized ecosystem of locals and travelers, powered by a new cryptocurrency 
called CUZ, Cool Cousin is establishing the grounds for a new travel agent. Our 
Cousins are diverse, independent agents who can monetize their hard-earned city 
knowledge while saving travelers a great deal of time and money before and during 
their trips. In time, Cool Cousin will emerge as a sustainable autonomous economy 
that enables users to access relevant information and a broad range of affordable 
commercial travel services. 

travel agents are making a comeback
Millennials are using travel agents again: one-third of Millennial travelers are active 
users of travel agents and intend to use one again in the next two years, a number 
that’s up 19 points from 2011 and 12 points from 201415. This tech savvy, DIY generation 
has adopted discovery services such as Spotify and Netflix that allow easy access to 
customized content and they are searching for customized solutions in more markets. 
With growing paying power and a penchant for time saving, they are willing to pay an 
expert with local knowledge for a digestible package of trustworthy and personalized 
information. Surveys show that millennials turn to travel agents to improve the quality 
of their travel experiences and to save them time, rather than just to handle booking; 
they want an adviser to help them cut to the chase, and they are happy to pay for it. 
In fact, 85% of those who used an agent reported satisfaction16 and 44% millennials 
believe that paying a travel agent is worth it. With this in mind, it is not surprising 
that reports show that those who have used travel agents, will do so for more than 
50% of their future travel needs17. Our data shows that Cool Cousin users are already 
turning to their Cousins for the very same reasons people seek out a travel agent - 
convenience, curation and trust. 

Cool Cousin's vision

https://www.travelagentcentral.com/running-your-business/mmgy-travel-agent-usage-hit-six-year-high-2016
https://www.travelagentcentral.com/running-your-business/asta-rise-travel-agent-usage-slight-pause-here-s-what-s-next
http://www.travelmarketreport.com/articles/Travel-Agents-Are-Back-Says-A-New-MMGY-Report


22

WP 01

Cousins — the new & improved travel 
agents
In a marketplace full of online booking and content services, specialized personal 
knowledge about a destination is the travel agent’s most valuable asset. Such information 
allows them to offer unique and personalized experiences to consumers seeking to avoid 
cookie-cutter trips. Our Cousins are best qualified to offer such services: they are on the 
ground, they know and experience their city first-hand and they have superior digital tools 
provided by Cool Cousin to optimize and monetize their hard-earned city knowledge. 
Pro-Cousins will be able to offer a variety of services alongside their personal city guide, 
such as finding and booking tickets for special events, booking accommodation, making 
restaurant reservations, building itineraries, providing concierge services and more. 

introducing the CUZ token economy
Building on the Ethereum platform, Cool Cousin is introducing an open source 
cryptographic token named CUZ, which is created for the exchange of travel services 
and unique local information. As our unit of account and store of value, CUZ will 
incentivize Cousins to create content and offer services through coin exchange, while 
allowing all members of the community to benefit from future growth. 

In character, CUZ is a pure cryptocurrency of fixed supply. It is fractionally divisible and 
long-term non inflationary. Only a small portion of the token supply will, however, become 
liquid in the near future, as part of the CUZ supply is reserved for the Community Pool - a 
reservoir of CUZ that rewards actions within the ecosystem. Like other cryptocurrencies, 
units of CUZ will be expected to trade on cryptocurrency exchanges.

ONE ECOSYSTEM—TWO ENTITIES 

The Cool Cousin ecosystem is comprised of two entities that are interdependent and 
tactically separated: The Company and The Community. The Company is responsible 
for technological and business development that sustain and grow the Community, 
while the Community creates and oversees content, services, quality assurance, 
dispute settlements etc. The fees received from transactions will be divided between 
the two, where Community funds will be distributed through a Rewards Engine, so as 
to incentivise contributors that improve the ecosystem. The separation of these two 
entities is critical for the existence of a sustainable decentralized economy, that can 
both scale the community and assure the quality of its content and services.   

Cool Cousin's vision



WP 01

THE COMPANY

The Company facilitates the growth and sustainability of Cool Cousin, overseeing 
marketing, product development, technological development and business 
development. The team consists of professionals including developers, designers, 
and product managers, as well as experienced business and marketing leaders. The 
Company exists in order to empower the Community to establish a valuable new 
travel ecosystem that creates value for travelers by offering a real alternative to the 
aforementioned problems in the centralized travel industry. In the early days, it will set 
initial community guidelines and facilitate gradual self-governance of the Community. 

THE COMMUNITY 

The Community is an autonomous ecosystem consisting of Cousins, Travelers, and other 
participants, as detailed below. Members of the Community will ultimately validate and 
approve new content, Cousins, and Services. The Community ecosystem will be powered 
by a Rewards Engine that rewards participants with tokens based on their contribution to 
the network. At first, some elements of the Community will be managed by the Company, 
including approval of new Cousins and editorial tasks. As the Community matures and 
becomes capable of self-governing, the Company will gradually relinquish responsibilities.

THE BOARD OF REPRESENTATIVES 

The Board of Representatives is comprised of members of the Company and the 
Community, acting as a tribunal as well as a representative of the different stakeholders in 
the system. It will act as the bridge between the Community and the Company.

23

Cool Cousin's vision



24

WP 01

participants in the Cool Cousin 
community

COUSINS 

Locals in cities around the world can create a digital profile on the Cool 
Cousin platform that will be accessible by travelers. Cousin profiles include 
information about places in the city, bios and personal preferences. Cousins 
can earn tokens for keeping their guides up-to-date, for editing their profiles, 
answering travelers’ questions, for promoting Cool Cousin, content creation, 
answering user questions, onboarding users and Cousins and more. Eventually, 
Cousins will also earn tokens for platform governance actions such as dispute 
resolution, content validation, approval of new Cousins, etc. 

PRO-COUSINS 

Cousins who wish to expand their services can function as travel agents, 
offering tailored services to travelers in exchange for tokens. (See Cousin 
Services on page 26.)

USERS 

Travelers can get free information from Cousins on the Cool Cousin platform, 
or buy tokens to purchase extra layers of info and services. They can also earn 
tokens for different levels of implicit and explicit engagement, and become 
contributors.

CONTRIBUTORS 

Users can become contributors who earn CUZ tokens for actions that add 
value to the platform, from thanking their Cousins and signing in to a spot, to 
contributing to the growth of the community by taking photographs for spots, 
flagging inaccuracies, onboarding new Cousins, changing bad photos, reviewing 
recommendations and promoting Cool Cousin on other platforms, such as social 
media. All corrections and suggestions must be approved by the Editors.

Cool Cousin's vision



25

WP 01

EDITORS 

Users who have made enough content contributions that have been accepted 
by the Community, can earn the status of Editor. Editors will validate 
Contributors’ content corrections in exchange for CUZ tokens. The Board of 
Representatives will have the final say on content-related disputes.

BOARD OF REPRESENTATIVES 

Voting power in the Board will be divided between the Company and the 
Community, with the former given 35% and and the latter 65% of the capacity. Select 
Cousins—20% of the most active Cousins worldwide who have been live on Cool 
Cousin for at least 6 months, have been highly responsive to users and have updated 
their map at least 3 times—will be able to apply to join the Board of Representatives 
alongside members of the Company, in order to decide on matters of community 
standards, conflict resolution, sponsored materials, and Rewards Engine policies. 

BUSINESS OWNERS 

In the future, business owners, AirBnB hosts and independent vendors whose 
businesses have been recommended by a Cousin, will be able to manage 
their pages on the platform. Promoted content and special offers will be 
distinguished from Cousin content, and must be approved by the Community.

community governance 
The Company will work toward achieving a completely decentralized and self-
governing Community. Decentralization gives substance to one of the key tenets of 
Cool Cousin, namely, that there is no single source of truth when it comes to taste. 
This concept led to the decision to shift Cool Cousin’s editorial spotlight from the 
recommendation to the recommender. Decentralization also ensures that there is no 
single authority that deems one recommendation more suitable than another, ensuring 
diversity and production of content that remains untainted by financial interests. It 
also enables a full transfer of governing authorities to the Community, thus lowering 
overhead costs and fees. In time, members of the Community and the governing Board 
will have the authority to judge the quality of the content and the content provider, 
scaling the community, as well as guaranteeing that content will not be organized in a 
hierarchy of taste and avoiding the creation of echo chambers.

Cool Cousin's vision



26

WP 01

Moreover, decentralization safeguards the Community and its underlying economy from 
being governed by a corruptible and manipulatable authority. Such a self-governing 
group has both administrative and ideological powers within the ecosystem. On the 
administrative end, decision-making responsibilities are distributed amongst parties of 
interest within the Cool Cousin Community, who play an active role to varying degrees 
and have a stake in the CUZ economy. 

Such governing responsibilities will gradually be handed to the Community as it becomes 
more and more autonomous. Its decisions will then be deployed using smart contracts. We 
will reach full decentralization within three years time, pending growth of the community 
to a number that can manage its scope of tasks, and the development of technological 
infrastructure that can handle the scale of transactions and computational capacity. In 
most cases, the community members will be asked to cast their vote. When sensitive 
decisions or truth are sought, as opposed to opinions, the vote will be taken to the Board of 
Representatives. These decisions include dispute settling, changes in the Rewards Engine, 
approving new promotional products, and adjusting community standards.

The following examples demonstrate scenarios in which community members take an 
active part in self governance of the Community, upgrading the quality of the content 
and services they offer. The better the quality of the services and content, the more 
users the product will draw, and the bigger the community; concurrently, the more 
users, the greater monetization opportunities for Cousins. In many centralized network 
companies and marketplaces, service providers can damage the community’s reputation, 
which directly leads to a drop in traffic and revenue. By enforcing a self-governing 
mechanism, the Community itself makes sure that all members are up to par with 
community standards and maintain a good reputation. 

EXAMPLE 1 VALIDATING CONTENT

n this example, we present a scenario in which the Community assures quality standards. When a Cousin 

adds a new spot to their city guide, the Community makes sure it meets content standards. This does not 

mean they deem recommendations good or bad, but rather they make sure they abide by basic content 

standards, from specificity, authenticity to the presentability of the spot. If the spot is deemed unsuitable, 

the Community may be summoned to review whether the Cousin is a suitable member. 

1

Cousin adds a spot 

to their map

2

Community votes whether the new 

recommendation meets community 

standards. If the vote gets four 

upvotes straight or 75% majority 

after 2 days, the spot gets approved

3

If accepted by the 

community, the Cousin 

and voters collect a fee

X

If 3 spots get rejected, the board 

of representatives votes on the 

continuation of the Cousins 

membership of the community

FIGURE 13

Cool Cousin's vision



WP 01

EXAMPLE 2 CHANGING FEES

In this example, we present a scenario in which the Company turns to the Community with a 

recommendation to change the level of commision fees, based on market analysis. Such a step impacts 

the Community and therefore they are called to vote. 

1

The company suggests 

increasing the 

community pool fee

2

The Board of Representatives gets 

one month to cast their signed votes 

to the transactions smart contract

V

If accepted, the smart contract 

updates the fees

Cousin

community
contributors

market

transaction 
manager 

smart contract

Cool Cousin
company &

platform

community
pool

3rd party
traveler

market exchange

contract junction

fee

trancsaction
exc. fee

reward

service

transaction 
including fee

fiat deposit

contribution

overview 
of the CUZ 
ecosystem

27

FIGURE 14

FIGURE 15

Cool Cousin's vision



WP 01

business model
Cool Cousin faces the challenge of upholding our content standards and steering clear 
of manipulative marketing strategies, while generating profit for the Company and 
incentivizing the Community. 

Revenues from transactions will go directly to the service provider (be it the Cousin— 
as detailed in service fees, or the Company— as detailed in affiliation fees and solutions 
for businesses), minus commision fees that will be split between the Company and the 
Community. In instances when the platform provides the service, ie. a feature in the 
app or promotional product (described below), the Company will apportion a fee to the 
Community Pool, proportionate to the product’s price. 

As blockchain technology enables us to charge low transaction fees, due to the fact that 
the decentralized network is self governing and thus demands lower sums for operations, 
the fees will always remain significantly lower than market standards. The rate of every 
fee will be determined, using smart contracts, in relation to each particular product. Every 
change in the transparent smart contracts will be evaluated and decided by Board of 
Representatives, in order to protect Community and Company interests. 

The components that make up this model will be implemented prudently and gradually. 
The Company can suggest to alter the distribution between the parties, in response 
to Community needs or changing market rates with the approval of the Board of 
Representatives. The interests of all parties involved are protected through transparent 
smart contracts. The fee collected by the Company will finance its development and 
marketing efforts, and the fee collected by the Community will go to the Community Pool 
to be distributed through the Rewards Engine. 

The following revenue streams demonstrate the prudent implementation of our 
business model:

fees from Cousin services
A. CONCIERGE SERVICES 

Pro-Cousins who offer different “concierge” services which travelers can receive in 
exchange for the CUZ token. Concierge-like services include tailored itineraries, online 
availability, pre-travel consulting, and more. Cousins can determine the cost for each 
service they provide based on local community benchmarks.

28

Cool Cousin's vision



WP 01

B. TRAVEL AGENT SERVICES 

Pro-Cousins who offer services that are usually conducted by travel agents and 
involve third party providers such as hotel booking, restaurant reservations, concert 
tickets, transportation, etc. Travelers will be able to use CUZ to acquire these services. 
Commision fees from third party providers range from 5% to 30%, depending on the 
provider; hotel booking fees range between 5%-15%, tickets and travel insurance fees 
can reach 30%. While a traditional home-based travel agent splits their commision 
with the mediator (house agency) at rates that can reach 70%-30%, the Company 
will receive a significantly lower fee that will be determined upon the release of these 
features in future. Cool Cousin’s unique model enable us to lower commission rates 
making Cousin’s services more affordable for the average traveler and guaranteeing 
a competitive market edge that drives transactions. The company is also incentivized 
to collaborate with future blockchain companies, as demonstrated in Ecosystem-
Enhancing Collaborations. 

A EXAMPLE OF A CUSTOM ITINERARY 

Users can request from a Cousin an Art 

& Culture itinerary tailored to the period 

of time they’re spending in the city, their 

location, their budget and their preferences. 

B EXAMPLE OF COUSIN 
ACCOMMODATION BOOKING 

Cousins can book accommodation matching 

the user’s needs and provide their booking 

details and confirmation directly through 

the in-app messaging system
29

FIGURE 16

Cool Cousin's vision



WP 01

C. CONTRIBUTIONS 

Travelers have the option of tipping a Cousin for great information provided and 
personal services received. Tipping is done with the CUZ token, allowing cheap 
micro-payments. Such an endorsement and acknowledgement resembles behaviors 
encouraged on Wikipedia or Reddit.

EXAMPLE OF TIPPING A COUSIN 

Users who wish to show their gratitude to a Cousin can easily send a tip directly 

through the in-app messaging system

FIGURE 17

30

Cool Cousin's vision



WP 01

affiliation fees 
The more users turn to Cool Cousin as a ‘go to’ app when traveling, the more 
opportunities become available to insert monetizing actions to the platform. The 
classic BM for traditional companies include: placing a “book a table” button next to 
a restaurant recommendation or “Request an Uber” next to a location. In both cases, 
the provider (i.e. Uber, Opentable) pays an affiliation fee to the platform, ranging 
from $1 per transaction up to 30% of the prospective purchase, depending on the 
volume and the product. Affiliation fees are always paid in fiat currency. In order to 
feed the ecosystem with these fees, revenue received from third party providers will 
be automatically converted into CUZ in the secondary market. As with any revenue 
stream, the community pool and the company will get their respective fees (as detailed 
under “Removing user Barriers").

A AFFILIATION EXAMPLE

An affiliation feature that allows users to 

book a table directly from spot pages

B AFFILIATION EXAMPLE

An affiliation feature that allows users to 

request a pickup directly from spot pages

31

FIGURE 18

Cool Cousin's vision



WP 01

solutions for businesses and 
organizations 
As a community-driven travel platform, Cool Cousin offers third party entities a variety 
of products building off its superior application capabilities and assets. All Cool Cousin 
products will be priced in tokens, however, third party partners will be able to pay for 
those products using Fiat currency, which Cool Cousin will convert into tokens on their 
behalf in the secondary market (as detailed under “Removing user barriers). Products 
that will enter the ecosystem must first be approved by the Board of Representatives and 
the Community Pool will receive the same cut from these products as it does from other 
transactions that take place in the economy. Users will have the choice of activating 
some of these extra layers, and unlike content created by Cousins, users will not be 
rewarded for optimizing third party content. The following products have been proven in 
traditional marketplaces and have already been partially tested in Cool Cousin:

MUNICIPALITY PARTNERS PROGRAM 

Collaborating with municipalities around the world has led to the development of a partner’s 
program, now in beta, which allows municipalities to promote their city through Cool Cousin 
with branded map layers containing special events, tourist services and media promotions. 

32
A MUNICIPALITY PARTNER

A discount club for travelers

B MUNICIPALITY PARTNER

City events calendar

FIGURE 19

Cool Cousin's vision



WP 01

EVENTS / POPUP COMMUNITIES 

Social events, festivals, seminars, conferences, and other location-based and/or time-
limited communities can add map layers to the platform. For example, a high-tech 
conference can create a map layer that is distributed to all participants, and includes 
conference venues, locations of interest, and nearby spots to drink and dine. Products 
are tailored and integrated as a temporary map layer, or added as a permanent profile.

EXAMPLE OF A POP-UP COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIP

As part of the Cool Cousin X Tech Fest partnership, Cool Cousin offers premium content 

tailored to their guests, including events and spots near the venue, special deals and more. Tech 

Fest staff and contributors also create temporary Cousin profiles offered to guests alone.

33

FIGURE 20

Cool Cousin's vision



34

WP 01

SPECIAL OFFERS 

Special offers, such as tickets to shows at discounts, time-limited promotions, etc, can 
be made to Cousins or travelers. Our location-based community makes it particularly 
useful to promote events on the app. 

PROMOTIONAL PRODUCTS 

Various brands can purchase temporary branded layers or build profiles that serve 
as promotional space. For example, in 2017 we collaborated with bike-rental service 
Donkey Bikes. Theycreated a map layer of all their docks in the city, which can be 
turned on or off by users and does not disrupt user experience. Other potential 
implementations include unique profiles built by ambassadors, which brands can offer 
to their customers as a special offer, unlocked with a special code. Cool Cousin users 
will not be bombarded with dozens of layers, but will rather be offered extra layers as 
additional information upon request.

A EXAMPLE OF SPECIAL OFFERS 
FROM 3RD PARTIES

In partnership with a ticket sales platform, 

Cool Cousin offers Cousins and users a 

special discount when purchasing event 

tickets from the app using CUZ. 

B EXAMPLE OF A 3RD ARTY MAP
The brand W&S partnered with Cool Cousin, creating a special map layer of store locations 

and promoting an exclusive discount to users and Cousins in the city.

FIGURE 21

Cool Cousin's vision



WP 01

Cool Cousin API 
The Cool Cousin applications are powered by the Cool Cousin API, which provides 
contextual information about the different destinations, spots, recommendations, and 
events. The data is enriched by the constant feedback fed into the API by Cousins, 
user activity, and our editorial staff. Our data is unique and valuable because we 
do not use crowdsourcing to determine the merits of an object, but rather, cluster 
our Cousins and users by their own interests and interpret the data they provide 
with their personal traits in mind. This allows our engine to personally recommend 
Cousins, destinations, and spots to users. Our personalized data can enrich apps of 
municipalities, hotels, conferences, and more. These app owners will pay for usage 
with CUZ, from which the Community Pool will receive a transaction fee. Our unique 
value proposition is personalization, and our data is as dynamic as a teeming city, so 
any attempt to get a snapshot of it will yield stale results.

FIGURE 22

3rd party
deposit CUZ

3rd 
party
app

firewall

blockchain

AAA
server

authentication
authorization
accounting

Cool
Cousin
public
API
server

Tx DBapp DB

3rd party companies will deposit CUZ tokens in a smart contract. Any 3rd party app will send 

authenticated requests to our public API. The API server will, in turn, check the balance with the 

accounting server and provide appropriate services

35

Cool Cousin's vision



36

WP 01

ecosystem-enhancing collaborations 
Cool Cousin has a vested interest in collaborating with other blockchain companies 
that complement its services, in order to further the agenda of a decentralization of 
all services in the consumer world. The travel industry today is brimful with heavy 
commissions and manipulations, and many new companies are being launched to bring 
change to the market using blockchain technology. Cool Cousin sees these companies 
as potential partners rather than competitors. Teaming up with them to promote 
their products will lower prices across the board and offer our users better services 
and options in travel insurance, accommodation, booking, events and more. We view 
collaborations with blockchain-based travel companies, upon further maturation 
of the technology, as the ultimate disruption of the industry as a whole, mutually 
benefiting and strengthening the crypto ecosystem and leading to greater mainstream 
implementation of the technology. 

the community pool
The Community Pool animates Cool Cousin’s internal ecosystem. Just like miners 
on the Ethereum Blockchain receive a fee for maintaining the network, Community 
members get a fee for improving the content, and maintaining service and community 
standards. The Community Pool is filled by commissions from every transaction in the 
system.The Reward Engine —a series of smart contracts—will distribute the tokens 
from the Community Pool to those Community members who contribute to the 
ecosystem.

THE REWARDS ENGINE 

The engine that distributes the tokens in the Community Pool among members of the 
Community, in return for their various contributions. It is composed of several smart 
contracts that are fed by blockchain oracles which approve the trustworthiness and 
quality of these contributions. 

This Rewards Engine is the beating heart of the Community. The smart contracts 
enable the Community's organic development while maintaining its quality, and thus 
effectively solving one of the most complex scaling problems faced today by networks 
based on user-generated content. 

Cool Cousin's vision



WP 01

COLLECTING FEES FOR THE BENEFIT OF ALL 

In most cases, when an organization charges fees, it does so in order to fund 
operations and make a profit. The Community Pool, in contrast, is used for maintaining 
public goods. The commission that accumulates in the Community Pool ultimately 
returns to the Community to upgrade the platform making sure everyone wins: 
travelers enjoy more valuable experiences, Cousins who provide services enjoy more 
potential clients and the Company increases its revenue. 

Financing goods that benefit everyone rather than just one individual is an essential 
part of a governing entity, and is known as the public goods problem18. Such goods 
include high quality photos of spots recommended, Cousins application approval, 
quality assurance of the content, and more. To facilitate Community activity and the 
maintenance of such “public goods” in the ecosystem, Cool Cousin will use funds from 
the Community Pool.

transaction 
including fee

fee reward contribution

transaction 
manager 

smart
contract

Cousins

community
contributers

community
pool

3rd party

traveler

fees

37

community pool at work

FIGURE 23

Cool Cousin's vision

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_good


38

WP 01

SETTING UP THE COMMUNITY POOL

At first, the company will allocate 21% of its initial token allocation to the Community 
Pool, that will be distributed gradually over a period of three years. As transaction 
volume within the community grows, the income from the transaction fees also grows 
and refills the pool. This is intended to bootstrap the process before the transactions 
in the system are enough to sustain the Community Pool with fees, and to remove user 
barriers (as detailed above). 

Our goal is to finance the Community Pool with minimum distortions to the market. In 
order to remove user barriers and prevent low engagement in the early days, as well 
as a decrease in the amount of utilized services, the Company will reduce fees. We 
will finance these public goods in the short run, by using the initially allocated tokens 
mentioned above, and then gradually decrease this practice in favor of a community 
pool fee that will reach a maximum of 5%.Over the course of four years, the amount 
of tokens awarded to the community will be distributed according to the following 
monotonically decreasing formula: 

TOTAL.CUZT = TOTAL.CUZT‐1+0.903 (TOTAL.CUZT‐1 – TOTAL.CUZT‐2)

economy that creates value
We firmly believe in the power of Blockchain technology to facilitate the establishment of 
an organization with an autonomous community of Cousins and users. This self-governing 
entity is responsible for the creation and sustenance of the content and services and 
shares common financial and ideological interests with the Company. This shared interest 
guarantees propagation and protection of the quality and quantity of the content they 
produce, providing real value for consumers and creators, and driving perpetual growth for 
the Company and the Community. 

As a liquid and transferrable cryptocurrency, CUZ will allow content creators to grow 
with Cool Cousin and make a living using their unique knowledge and skills. While 
traditional online platforms based on user generated content shut their creators 
from the company’s revenue, a blockchain-based Cool Cousin treats its community 
members differently. Every transaction fee will be distributed between the Company 
and the Community. CUZ tokens distributed to the Community will give its members a 
sense of ownership of the value they help create. 

Cool Cousin's vision



39

WP 01

making CUZ accessible
Holding a cryptocurrency can prove to be a very challenging task for a layman, let 
alone holding it securely. Cool Cousin is a consumer-facing product, and it’ll have 
to allow the user to use the app without having to fully wrap their heads around the 
complexities of cryptocurrencies.

After the ICO, in order encourage use and give users and third parties easy access to the 
information and services offered by Cool Cousin, including those who do not have a digital 
wallet, the company will accept Fiat. Once the Fiat transaction is complete, the Company will 
then exchange it for CUZ, which will then be transferred to the Cousin’s digital wallet. .

SIMPLE WALLET 

By creating our own simple in-app wallet, we will be able to simulate the familiar look-and-
feel of in-app credits. Our wallet will feature simple explanations of the different concepts, 
allowing the curious or knowledgable user to later move their tokens to their full control. 
The wallet will facilitate all the user-to-Cousin interactions, and allow the owner to withdraw 
the tokens to their own held Ethereum wallet and do with it as they wish.

Behind the scenes, the wallet will be held by a smart-contract, that will perform all the actions 
and keep track of every movement on the blockchain. It will “color” CUZ tokens that were 
handed out to new users to ensure they are used within the ecosystem and are not being 
withdrawn,as detailed in Technical Considerations. This is meant to block adversaries from 
abusing the Rewards Engine without contributing anything to the Cool Cousin network. 

FIGURE 24

Cool Cousin's vision



40

WP 01

REMOVING USER BARRIERS / USER EXPERIENCE 

While the economic development of Cool Cousin and the launch of CUZ opens up many 
possibilities, it also creates user barriers. Users who have become accustomed to using 
Cool Cousin for free will now need to pay (with Fiat or tokens) to use some of the new 
features on the platform, challenging the organic growth channels that characterize the 
company. These barriers are especially problematic for a company such as ours, facing 
the significant challenge to increase usability and develop the organic and viral channels. 
In order to address these challenges and clear some of these barriers out of the way for 
users, our Rewards Engine will reward new users with tokens from the Community Pool 
and will thus enable them to use some of the features and services. The tokens received 
as a reward are not transferable and can only be used in exchange for services within 
the Cool Cousin ecosystem, as they serve one purpose—to encourage usability. For this 
reason, they will be stored in the simple wallet.

For additional tokens, users will turn to the secondary marketplace. We will form 
collaborations with exchanges to temporarily allow users and 3rd party partners to pay 
with Fiat in order to seamlessly exchange their funds to tokens. While this process is 
cumbersome and may include unnecessary conversions, it is a necessary and temporary 
solution. As the market matures and cryptocurrencies become mainstream, users will be 
more inclined to get CUZ themselves. Until then, we will bridge this gap for them.

Cool Cousin's vision



WP 01

wallet 
Our in-app wallet will show funds held by a smart contract, allowing the user to access 
the tokens. Upon account creation, a hexadecimal key-pair will be generated locally on 
the device, and an encrypted cloud backup will be made. In tandem, the keys’ balances 
will be created in the in-app wallet smart contract. The tokens will be credited to the 
users public key: completely locked and out of The Company's reach. Only transactions 
signed by the user’s private key will make the contract move their funds.

The smart contract will hold two balances for each address: one for “locked” tokens that 
can only be used within the system and one for “unlocked” tokens that can be withdrawn 
to any wallet. The purpose of this is preventing new users from selling the tokens handed 
to them for signing in and exploiting the system without contributing anything to it.

This system does not prevent collusion between Cousins and adversaries. While this 
can happen, Cousins have to be identified (see Cousin Identity Management), approved 
by the Community, and their privileges can be revoked. The Company will develop a 
monitoring system that will detect irregularities and suspicious patterns, and send 
appropriate alerts to the Community.

user tries to withdraw 
10 CUZ of locked funds

user pays Cousin
10 CUZ of locked funds

user tries to withdraw 
10 CUZ of unlocked funds

smart contract smart contract smart contract

A B C

locked locked

locked

25 25

175

0 0

230

unlocked unlocked

unlocked

user X in-app wallet user X in-app wallet user X in-app wallet

Cousin Y in-app wallet

+10+10

-10
-10

-10
+10

withdraw to
0xAdress

withdraw 10 CUZ 
to 0xAdress

pay 10 CUZ 
to Cousin Y

0xAdress
receives 10 CUZ

denial

35
unlockedlocked

25

approval

approval

FIGURE 25

technical considerations 

41



42

WP 01

ERC20
CUZ will be built on the Ethereum blockchain and comply with the ERC20 standard.

Using the Ethereum blockchain will allow us to leverage the security, robustness, and 
decentralization of a blockchain that has became synonymous with decentralized 
applications. 

Complying with standards helps make sure we're developing a token with interfaces 
that were tested extensively. ERC20 is the de-facto standard for token issuance. It 
facilitates owning, spending, and delegating usage of tokens by their holders.

Cousin identity management
Blockchain technology facilitates exciting new ways to validate identities and easily 
“Know Your Customer”, as demonstrated by Civic, Cambridge Blockchain, and many 
others. Cousins are trusted by the system and The Community to handle significant 
financial transactions and use The Company's credit-line when making these 
transactions. To maintain the desired level of trust, Cool Cousin will collaborate with 
blockchain identity management companies to see through online masquerades and 
make sure Cousins are real people who have not previously been banned from our 
Community.

When blockchain-based KYC processes reach mainstream adoption, we will be well 
positioned to leverage it for various verifications of our Community and other needs, 
while avoiding the privacy risks of maintaining a centralized identity repository.

escrow
Peer-to-peer deals are difficult in a trustless environment, especially when one side 
of the deal cannot be verified digitally. Cool Cousin will make sure all Cousins are 
trustworthy, and will remove Cousins that failed to deliver their part of a deal without 
a solid reason. In order to be extra safe, our system will leverage smart contracts to 
make it impractical not to respect the deal.

Any funds that are meant for a purchase (flight tickets, AirBnB, etc), along with the 
Cousin fee will be locked in a smart contract until the customer confirms a successful 
transaction. The contract will contain a dispute settling mechanism which will allow 
the community to hear the sides out and weigh in on how to resolve it.

technical considerations 



43

WP 01

RECEIVING SERVICES ON COOL COUSIN WILL BE MADE USING CUZ TOKENS 

FOLLOWING THESE STEPS:

 • The user sends a request using the Cool Cousin app
 • The Company deploys a smart contract to the Ethereum blockchain, encapsulating 

the terms and details of the deal

 • The user sends the agreed upon price (including platform and community fees) to 
the contract

 • After the user confirms the transaction was successful, payment is released to the 
Cousin and fees are transferred.

 • In case of disputes:
 » Once the contract reaches its due date, the user has limited time to file a 

complaint if they did not receive full service.

 » If the Cousin says the claims are false, a dispute is triggered, which is handled by the 
Board of Representatives. The voters get to decide who gets the escrow money.

technical considerations 



44

WP 01

Cool Cousin is obsessed with blockchain technology, as it perfectly fits our vision, 
mission and core product. Blockchain’s unique attributes enable the creation of strong 
and secure decentralized ecosystems, enabling consumers to trust the information 
found online and its creators without paying exorbitant premiums that are currently 
standard in the travel industry. 

We intend to use blockchain technology to get a competitive edge over traditional 
centralized solutions , by leveraging the following attributes:

DECENTRALIZATION

Smart contracts allow people and software to form agreements and entities that 
are based on transparent, known, and unchangeable rules. These features make this 
the most suitable technology for forming autonomous organizations and financial 
transactions between strangers.

On the Cool Cousin platform, smart contracts will establish the rules: define the 
division of power between The Company and The Community, allow The Community 
to set it’s standards and accepts members, creating checks and balances to ensure 
commercial interests don’t taint the content.

The company will also provide smart contract templates and oracles to facilitate 
transactions between travelers and Cousins. Providing appropriate escrow, and 
ensuring the terms are well defined.

COMPLETE TRUSTWORTHINESS

Widespread knowledge of the different manipulations used by huge companies online 
to distort search results has eroded consumer trust in the internet. Online travel 
agencies often use dark patterns to incite urgency, pushing deals that have the largest 
profit margins or other hidden interests, while travelers’ interest is sidelined. 

This is not the case for Cool Cousin’s transparent and decentralized network. Since 
the Community creates and approves all information, it is practically impossible for 
Community members to collude to manipulate the network without being noticed and 
stopped.

blockchain applications 
in Cool Cousin 



45

WP 01

The decentralized and transparent nature of blockchain solves the trust problem. The 
Ethereum consensus protocol ensures that no one entity with a relative advantage 
can submit fraudulent requests, making tampering with data practically impossible. 
Furthermore, all participants in the network are up-to-date with the latest records/
transactions, guaranteeing full visibility and accountability. 

INTERNATIONAL PAYMENTS AND MICRO-TRANSACTIONS

Making concierge and travel-agent like services accessible and affordable for everyone 
requires aggressive cost reduction.

Cross-border payment is a slow and costly process. It can take three to five days 
to complete, and can go through a couple dozen steps and intermediaries. Fees 
accumulate at each step, and can add up to 2% to 6%. Things are worse when it comes 
to low volume transfers, where fees can reach 10%.

As opposed to these hefty fees paid by today’s e-commerce platforms, equivalent 
actions on the blockchain are cheaper, as those who carry the computational 
processing burden receive minor rewards for their work. Processing microtransactions 
on the blockchain is also cheap and fast, rendering next-day wires and inexpedient 
transaction fees obsolete.

blockchain applications in Cool Cousin 



46

WP 01

timeline

iOS Beta Launch
in Tel Aviv

Pre-Seed Funding Round

London Community
and iOS App Launched

50 Cities 

200k Users

Web app launch

65+ Cities

1000+ Cousins

ICO Launch

Token Sale
CUZ issuance event

Simple wallet launch

First transactional feature

Cool Cousin 3.0, incl. 
CUZ infrastructure

Board of Representatives 
Establishment

Pro Cousins Launch

Android version

API Launch

Community Governanace 
Implementation

Mass Adoption

Pop-up 
Communities 

Product launch

Business partners 
Integration

Cool Cousin 4.0

TLV, London, Rome
Paris & Berlin available

Best New Travel
App Award 
USA Today

2nd Funding Round

Q2 2016 Q3 2016 Q4 2016 Q1 2017 Q2 2017

Q4 2017 Q4 2017Q1 2018Q2 2018Q3 2018

Q4 2018 Q1 2019 Q2 2019 Q3 2019 Q4 2019

2020



47

WP 01

The funds raised during the ICO are planned to be used in accordance with the 
roadmap to finance: 

 • RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT — costs cover all R&D processes, including 
development and design of the product, building smart contracts, devops, apps and 
interfaces for the web, iOS and Android. 

 • MARKETING & SALES — the budget will fund the expansion of efforts in brand 
awareness, sales, user acquisition, referral programs, content marketing, PR, 
SEO, promotions and BTL. This included recruiting professionals, paying for ad 
placements and more. 

 • ADMINISTRATION — costs include internal company expenses, from human 
resources dedicated to company employees and recruitment, to travel expenses, 
adequate office space, licensing and accounting. 

 • OPERATIONS — costs cover the growth and management of the global Community 
of Cousins and the development of partnerships with complementing brands.

 • LEGAL — costs include all legal expenses associated with the expansion of the 
community in many territories around the world. 

 • CONTINGENCY — a small portion (5%) of the total budget will be dedicated to 
unknown / unexpected expenses, and will be allocated in due course. 

*Excludes ICO costs

** The above may change based on management decision, in 

accordance with the developing market and company's specific needs

45% R&D

20% MARKETING

15% ADMINISTRATION

10% OPERATIONS

3% LEGAL

7% CONTINGENCY

use of proceeds



48

WP 01

In order to kickstart a vibrant community of passionate travelers and locals, the 
distribution will be designed to offer as many people as possible the opportunity to 
participate. The allocations are outlined below and reserve 21% of the total supply 
for the Cool Cousin Community, which is tasked with distributing them over multiple 
years to network participants who contribute value to the ecosystem. As a result, the 
majority of tokens will be distributed over time to partners and the public.

allocation       
The CUZ token supply will be limited to 300,000,000 million units and allocated 
according to the following:

 • Founders and current employees will have a minimum lockup period of 24 months
 • Advisors and early supporters will have a minimum lockup period of 9 months 
 • Future operations pool will be vested for 4 years with 12 months cliff. The 

operations pool primary goal is to support future development, global expansion, 
partnerships, etc. 4% of the pool will remain free to support future opportunities 
and unexpected challenges. 

 • Community pool tokens will be distributed gradually over a period of several years, 
and will be utilized as an incentive for the entire Community, as well as to remove 
user barriers and bolster growth. 

CUZ token issuance

10% TEAM

10% ICO ADVISORS, EARLY SUPPORTERS, BOUNTY

21% COMMUNITY

33% ICO

26% FUTURE OPERATIONS



49

WP 01

ICO details 
Our ERC20 token contract, our vesting contract, and our crowdsale contract will be 
based on OpenZeppelin - a secure and robust library that has been used to raise $4.5 
billion, in ICOs including OmiseGO, Augur, Civic and more. Following the crowdsale, 
the bought tokens will be distributed, the bonus vesting periods will start, and any 
unsold tokens will be distributed proportionally to all CUZ token holders, including the 
Cool Cousin team, advisors, early supporters, bounty participants, Community Pool 
and future operations.

SYMBOL  CUZ

START DATE  WILL BE ANNOUNCED SOON

TOTAL CUZ TOKEN SUPPLY  300,000,000 CUZ

SOFT CAP  4,000 ETH

HARD CAP  17,500 ETH

EXCHANGE RATE 1 ETH = 3,770 CUZ

MINIMUM PURCHASE  0.1 ETH

PAYMENT METHOD  ETH

PUBLIC PRE SALE

 CONTRIBUTION SIZE BONUS VESTING (MONTH) RATE

 0.1—10 ETH 20% 3 4,524 CUZ/ETH 

 >10—50 ETH 25% 3 4,713 CUZ/ETH

 >50—100 ETH 30% 6 4,901 CUZ/ETH

 >100—250 ETH 35%  6 5,090 CUZ/ETH

 >250—500 ETH 40% 9 5,278 CUZ/ETH

 >500 ETH 50% 9 5,655 CUZ/ETH

* Only bonuses are vested in the Public Presale
** Public Presale dates will be announced soon

CUZ token issuance



50

WP 01

PUBLIC SALE

 PERIOD BONUS VESTING (MONTH) RATE

 WEEK 1 15% 1.5 4,335 CUZ/ETH 

 WEEK 2 10% 1 4,147 CUZ/ETH

 WEEK 3 0%  — 3,770 CUZ/ETH

PUBLIC SALE TERMS

 • No token creation, minting or mining after the end of the ICO period
 • Tokens received from non-whitelisted addresses will be refunded
 • If the soft cap is not reached, funds will be returned to the participants 
 • Upon reaching the hard cap the ICO will end immediately
 • Bonus tokens will only be sent after their vesting period

ICO timeline

JAN 2018

ICO announcement public pre-sale token sale

APR 2018 APR 2018

CUZ token issuance



51

WP 01

founders

ITAY NAGLER 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Over the last 10 years, Itay has established and managed multiple innovative 
digital projects. He was founder and CEO of creative digital agency D.tales, 
working with international brands such as Nestle, YES, HBO and P&G; he 
was founder and CEO of Israel’s largest video sharing site, pioneering the 
monetization of a video platform in the days preceding YouTube. Itay is also 
responsible for creating and selling two award-winning interactive shows 
to over 16 territories worldwide. In 2015, Itay was Head of Strategy at V15, 
the largest grassroots political organization in Israel’s history, leading the 
campaign through political turmoil and rapid growth spurts. Itay specializes 
in building large communities and has a proven track record of initiating and 
managing digital projects with tens of millions of engaged users.

ITAMAR WEIZMAN 
CHIEF OPERATIONS OFFICER

is Chief Operations Officer of Cool Cousin. He graduated from high school at 
16 and received a BA in History from Tel Aviv University at 19, during which 
he was the youngest ever political advisor and legislative aide to an Israeli 
MP. Itamar has worked as a digital campaigner for Greenpeace International, 
where he spearheaded 5 successful international campaigns that gained 
traction in top media outlets around the world, one of which led Facebook to 
use renewable energy to power their data centers. He was part of the launch 
team of co-working space Mindspace and CEO of design & branding agency 
Blue Collar, before founding V15 - Israel’s largest grassroots political campaign 
that raised $4M in donations and recruited over 15,000 volunteers - when he 
was 22-years-old.

team

https://www.linkedin.com/in/itaynagler/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/itamarweizman/


52

WP 01

NADAV SAADIA
CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER

Chief Marketing Officer of Cool Cousin. An experienced digital marketer and 
growth hacker, he is responsible for several cutting-edge digital projects that 
integrate new technologies with strategic content. As co-founder and CEO 
of digital agency D.tales, he created and executed innovative projects for 
international brands such as HBO and Nestle and initiated the first ever digital 
interactive music festival for Israel’s largest mobile carrier Cellcom, a format that 
has since been used by dozens of companies. A pioneer of the digital video space, 
Nadav grew video sharing platform Flix into the largest video-centered site in 
Israel, prior to the rise of Youtube. As Creative Director of grassroots political 
campaign V15, Nadav created the most viral political campaign in Israel’s history, 
gaining millions of views. 

SHACHAR COTANI 
CHIEF PRODUCT OFFICER

An award-winning multidisciplinary designer, Shachar has extensive branding 
and UI experience, giving shape to dozens of companies and products 
around the world, from ecommerce sites to entertainment businesses. After 
studying at Bezalel College of Art and Design and Seoul’s Hongik University, 
Shachar worked as senior designer at leading branding agency Blue Collar, 
and received several industry accolades for his work. As Head of Design at 
V15, Israel’s largest grassroots political campaign, Shachar was responsible for 
strategic design, from the campaign’s digital assets to three national printed 
assets in a span of a couple of months, reaching millions of people. 

GIL AZRIELANT 
CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER

A former officer, Gil headed the Cyber Team at 8200, the IDF Signal Intelligence 
Unit. During his service, Gil built and led an interdisciplinary task-force to 
solve an urgent problem, which awarded him the head of Military Intelligence 
Directorate prize for creative thinking. He graduated Magna cum Laude with 
a B.Sc in computer science from the the IDC, where he received a scholarship 
for academic excellence. He was also selected to represent Israel at the Global 
Hackathon in Seoul. Gil has been involved in blockchain technology since 2012, 
and wrote about Ethereum for one of his advanced seminars. 

team

https://www.linkedin.com/in/nadavsaadia/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/cotani/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/gil-azrielant-88b7a1b5/


WP 01

team

 

YOTAM OFEK
HEAD OF BACK-END 

DEVELOPMENT AND DEVOPS

OFER FEDER
BACK-END DEVELOPER

YOTAM ARAD
UX DESIGNER

GILI NOY
CONTENT MARKETING

GUY LEVI
HEAD OF FRONT-END 

DEVELOPMENT

JONATHAN BROTZEN
QA ENGINEER

DANIELLE ZILBERBERG
HEAD OF CONTENT

GUY BEN DAVID
GROWTH MARKETING MANAGER

OR CHEN
 IOS DEVELOPER

NIMROD YOELY
FRONT-END DEVELOPER

ROTEM VAHNNICH
PARTNERSHIPS

CALLUM HALE-THOMSON
GLOBAL COMMUNITY MANAGER

team

https://www.linkedin.com/in/yotamofek/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ofer-feder-38a09044/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/aradyotam/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/gilinoy/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/guy-levi-0715837b/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniellezilberberg/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/guy-ben-david-b172615a/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/or-chen-6153b6b9/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rotem-vahnnich-61a61b18/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/callumhalethomson/


54

WP 01

advisors

 

PETE HANCOCK
FORMER HEAD OF NATIONAL 

SALES @ YELP

BÄRI� A. WILLIAMS
OPERATIONS ADVISOR

ASAF SHAVIT
CO FOUNDER @ DIGITAL 

ASSET PARTNERS

ASAF MEIR
FOUNDER & CEO 
@ SOLIDUS LABS

LIOR PROSOR
INVESTOR, PARTNER @ 

ELEVATOR FUND

ORI MAGEN
DIR. GLOBAL GROWTH 

@ AUTOMATTIC • FORMER 
GLOBAL HEAD OF GROWTH 

& MARKETING @ MOOVIT

team

ORI GLEZER
PARTNER @ ELEVATOR FUND

ARIEL KEDEM
PRODUCT CONSULTANT

TOM BRONFELD
PARTNER @ ELEVATOR FUND

https://www.linkedin.com/in/pete-hancock/
https://www.bariawilliams.com/ 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/asaf-shavit-930a05141/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/asafmeir/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/asafmeir/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/orimagen/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sebastian-stupurac-6bbb1712/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/arielkd/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/arielkd/


55

WP 01

RON MATZKIN
MARKET ANALYSIS EXPERT

AMIR FEDER
CRYPTO ECONOMIST

ITAI ELITZUR
PARTNER & COO 

@ MARKET ACROSS

STAS OSKIN
CORE DEV & BIZ DEV @ WINGS

team

SEBASTIAN STUPURAC
CO-FOUNDER @ WINGS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/ron-matzkin-190b2b54/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/amir-feder-b65b7035/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/itai-elizur/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/stasoskin/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sebastian-stupurac-6bbb1712/


coolcousin.com/ico

http://www.coolcousin.com
http://www.coolcousin.com/ico
http://m.onelink.me/cdc5a35

