












































CPChain_Whitepaper_English


!

Cyber-Physical Chain (CPChain) Whitepaper 

 

Decentralized Infrastructure for Next Generation 

Internet of Things 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

CPChain Team 

January 10, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



	

	 1	
	

Executive summary 

 
Cyber-Physical Chain (CPChain) deeply integrates blockchain with Internet of 

Things (IoT) to realize a decentralized and trusted brand-new distributed IoT systems. 

It can reduce the cost of system interconnection, increase the value of data sharing, and 

ensure user privacy and system security. CPChain focuses on the scalability, security 

and real-time issues that blockchain faces in the Internet of Things industry. By 

combining the three technologies: blockchain, Internet of Things and distributed 

encryption storage and computing, it builds a new generation of Internet of Things, 

which can provide entire solutions for data acquisition, sharing and application in IoT 

industry. CPChain focuses on multi-party data transactions and IoT-big-data-based 

Artificial Intelligence (AI) decision-making applications, establishes multi-faceted trust 

and heterogeneous data interconnection, and solves the pain points in the industry. 

Moreover, an explosive and innovative business model of new generation of data 

sharing is built based on CPChain. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



	

	 2	
	

Contents 
1. Background	........................................................................................................	3	

1.1 The Challenges in Centralized Architecture of IoT Systems	...................................	3	

1.2 Blockchain Technology Brings New Potential to the Internet of Things	..................	5	

1.3 Commercial blockchain systems are facing the bottleneck problem of scalability	..	6	

2. Parallel Distributed Architecture of CPChain	.....................................................	8	

3. Key Technologies of CPChain	..........................................................................	12	

3.1 Parallel Distributed Encrypted Storage and Computation	...................................	13	

3.2 Hybrid Consensus on Large-scale Public Blockchain	............................................	16	

3.3 Side chain consensus system with high real-time and security	..............................	19	

4. Typical Applications of CPChain	......................................................................	22	

4.1 Big Data aggregation and artificial intelligence applications based on CPChain	..	22	

4.2 Applications of real-time data flow based on CPChain	.........................................	24	

5. Roadmap of CPChain	.......................................................................................	27	

6. CPChain Team	.................................................................................................	28	

7. CPChain Economic Models and Usage	............................................................	29	

8. Token Distribution Plan of CPChain	................................................................	31	

9. Project Budget	..................................................................................................	32	

10. CPChain Community Governance	..................................................................	33	
 

  



	

	 3	
	

1. Background 

1.1 The Challenges in Centralized Architecture of IoT 

Systems  

Internet of Things (IoT) is a major development and revolutionary opportunity in 

information field. It highly integrates advanced information technology, 

communication technology, sensor technology and computer technology to establish a 

global dynamic network infrastructure. All smart objects (RFID tags, sensors, 

smartphones, wearable devices, etc.) are interconnected and all information and data 

are shared and transmitted for full awareness, reliable delivery and intelligent 

processing. Currently, the IoT adopts the centralized technology and operation mode in 

the fields of intelligent transportation, smart home and medical care, i.e. the "chimney" 

IoT architecture, and faces the common problems in connection costs, trust, data value 

and business models. 

 

Cost of device connectivity. In recent years, as the price of components such as 

computing devices, storage devices and sensors has declined, IoT devices are exploding. 

IBM Research Institute predicts that by 2020, the world will have over 30 billion 

connected devices. However, the existing IoT solutions are high costs and mostly 

"chimney-type" vertical architecture. The data centers are built for one single project 

and each IT system has its own management tools and databases, forming an isolated 

island of information in the era of billions of connected devices. Therefore, the current 

inefficient architecture cannot satisfy the demand. In addition, most of IoT devices have 

long life cycles and the profit is far lower than that of intelligent terminals with fast 

consumer goods properties, such as PCs and smartphones. But the manufacturers need 

to maintain the corresponding IT systems for the long term and the profits are not 

enough to support maintenance costs. So the equipment manufacturers are 

unsustainable. 



	

	 4	
	

 

Privacy concern. The internet needs to be built on trust. Events such as Snowden also 

prove that "trusted third parties" are not 100% trustworthy. People have lost much of 

their privacy ever since the internet came into the big data age. Therefore, at the 

beginning of the development of the Internet of Things, privacy must be integrated into 

the IoT infrastructure to ensure that users enjoy more convenient and smart services 

without revealing their personal information, and allowing users to truly own the data 

they create and its value. In addition, the concept of "closed is safe" in the current 

centralized architecture is out of date. The new technology represented by the 

blockchain is building a brand-new "open is secure" interconnection of all things.    

 

Data value. IoT systems generate large amounts of data at all times. These data are of 

great value in both commercial applications and research fields. For example, based on 

traffic travel data, deep learning is used to train more accurate and efficient path 

planning algorithms. Medical care organizations can design more customized care plans 

using sensor data such as cameras to more accurately determine the patient's condition. 

However, under the "chimney-shaped" island system, a large amount of traffic data is 

held by a few centralized platforms, in which case efficient interconnection cannot be 

achieved. Small and medium-sized companies cannot take advantage of these resources, 

and universities and other research institutions have difficulty in obtaining high-quality 

data sets, which seriously hinders the progress of scientific research and the value of 

the data cannot be fully reflected. In addition, most of the IoT devices connected to the 

Internet alone is meaningless. Only comprehensive analysis of big data will create value. 

If the data cannot be connected, the value cannot be thus delivered.          

 

Business model. Networking, computing, storage and other functions of IoT devices 

bring about an increase in costs. But for most of the traditional devices such as sensors, 

networking is not the core function, and relying on the mode of selling hardware alone 

cannot support the huge overhead incurred by the long-term maintenance of 

corresponding IT system. Under the current centralized architecture, most 



	

	 5	
	

manufacturers cannot make full use of the IT function system of the IoT device, and the 

business model is simply selling user data. This is allegedly infringing upon the rights 

and privacy of users. With the IoT system further development and openness and users’ 

safety awareness, the current business model will certainly usher in change.	

1.2 Blockchain Technology Brings New Potential to the 

Internet of Things 

As an emerging technology, blockchain has shown its great potential in solving data 

security and privacy issues. At present, many researchers and enterprises have 

introduced blockchain technology into more and more fields. Among them, the 

combination of the Internet of Things and the blockchain is one of the most promising 

directions. Blockchain technology has the opportunity to reshape its basic structure and 

solves a series of challenges in the current centralized "chimney" system.   

    

Significantly reduce the cost of equipment interconnection. The core concept of 

Blockchain technology is distributed ledger, that is, an open, distributed database 

maintained by multiple parties. Based on the blockchain, we can build a decentralized 

and distributed IoT data platform, which can effectively solve the "isolated data island" 

problem. Manufacturers no longer need to establish a complete set of data solutions for 

their single products, significantly reducing the cost of equipment interconnection and 

post-IT system maintenance. Therefore, the decentralized IoT system, based on the 

blockchain technology, is sufficient to carry tens of billions of connected device data. 

 

Significantly protect the privacy. The biggest advantage of blockchain technology 

lies in the security of privacy brought by decentralization. Without any third party 

controlling user data, there is not a large amount of data stored in a centralized data 

center, which reduces the risk of hacker attacks and malicious disclosure. The Internet 

of Things based on blockchain is a fully open and secure decentralized system for users 

to control their own data and protect their privacy and interests.      



	

	 6	
	

 

Realizing the share of data. The blockchain-based IoT system is a peer-to-peer 

decentralized network where all participants can participate equally in the data sharing 

process. All users can authorize their own data access, data applications and legally get 

a large number of valuable data at a lower cost from service providers, and on this basis 

to create more intelligent services, to realize the value transfer through the real-time 

data flow. 

 

Create the brand-new business model. Blockchain technology changes the roles of 

users, IoT devices and vendors in the IoT system. Unlike the current centralized 

architecture, users in the new IoT system can dynamically develop data authorization 

mechanisms and interaction rules with devices, etc.	Not only does the device perform 

a single function. The blockchain not only simply interconnects the device, but also 

enables devices to interact with each other autonomously. Vendors no longer need to 

maintain hundreds or thousands of IT systems in different systems. Changing roles will 

attract more participants, reshape market rules and create entirely new business models. 

1.3 Commercial blockchain systems are facing the bottleneck 

problem of scalability 

Although blockchain technology brings a high degree of security and privacy, 

scalability is the bottleneck of its application to large-scale industrial systems. The 

existing blockchain system architecture is not enough to support the demand of high-

throughput, high-concurrency commercial systems. 

 

High cost of data storage and calculation. Blockchain is a decentralized database 

maintained by a large number of nodes, which has a high storage and computing cost. 

However, the public blockchain application platform inevitably carries large-scale data. 

Under the current storage cost of blockchain, large-scale of the public blockchain based 

data platform is not practical.      



	

	 7	
	

 

Low efficiency of consensus mechanism. Consensus algorithms based on PoW in the 

current blockchain consume a great deal of computational resources. In many 

application scenarios, users cannot obtain strong computational power and all mining-

based consensus algorithms will face the bottleneck of trading speed. If the scalability 

of the blockchain system cannot be solved, the decentralized application cannot really 

fall to the ground.  

   

Under the above context, Cyber-Physical Chain (CPChain) is focus on the scalability, 

security and real-time issues of data and transactions in the integration of the Internet 

of things and blockchain technology. First, a parallel distributed architecture of 

distributed cloud storage system and decentralization blockchain system is proposed to 

solve the scalability problem of large-scale data storage and sharing. Second, CPChain 

presents a new hybrid consensus protocol for large-scale public blockchain based on 

collaborative optimization design of computing and communication. Finally, a side 

chain consensus system with high security, real time and high concurrent machine 

transaction is designed by combining edge computing and hardware security methods 

in the industry chain. 

  



	

	 8	
	

2. Parallel Distributed Architecture of 

CPChain 

CPChain aims to construct a basic data platform for the IoT system, providing a full 

process solution for data acquisition, storage, sharing and application. CPChain will 

break through the core underlying technology of the application of block chain in the 

Internet of things system, and provide the infrastructure for the sharing and transaction 

of the data in the Internet of things. On CPChain, we can build data aggregation and 

real-time data flow applications to maximize the value of Internet of things data. The 

decentralized blockchain system requires the whole network node to operate on the 

same transaction (data), which has great disadvantages from the point of view of 

calculation and storage. It cannot give full play to the cooperative ability of the 

distributed network system. The decentralized system can only follow the "barrel 

principle", so it is not scalable. CPChain proposes the idea of separating data layer from 

control layer, constructs parallel architecture to enhance system scalability, provides 

open data sharing function while protecting user privacy, and adopts distributed storage 

scheme. The user data is encrypted and uploaded to the cloud to reduce the storage 

burden of the block chain and to ensure the integrity and accuracy of the data. 

 

Physical Layer

Smart Phone Sensor Data Gateway

Data Layer

P2P Network

Distributed 
Storage

Encryption 
Algorithm

Contract Layer

Control Code State Variable ……

Data Structure

Compression 
Algorithm

Control Layer
(Blockchain)

Incentive 
Mechanism

Hash Function

Consensus

Timestamp

Merkle Tree

……

……

Application Layer

Logistics 
Management

Smart City Smart HomeIntelligent transportation

Health Care ……

 
 

Fig. 1. System architecture of CPChain 



	

	 9	
	

Figure 1 shows the hierarchical structure of CPChain system, which is made up of 

physical layer, data layer, contract layer, application layer and control layer. Block chain 

is used as a vertical control layer to supervise data interaction. The physical layer is the 

basis of data acquisition in CPChain, including smart phone, sensor, data gateway and 

so on. The intelligent device joining the CPChain network needs to run a blockchain 

node or communicate with the blockchain network. At the same time, it also acts as a 

running environment for the decentralization application, dealing with encryption, 

consensus and so on. The data layer processes the main data, designs different data 

structure and compression algorithm for different applications, improves the efficiency 

of data reading and writing, and the original data does not need to upload block chain. 

Upload only hash values as unique identification of data and credentials for integrity 

and correctness. Raw data is encrypted on the user side and stored in a distributed hash 

table (DHT). The contract layer is the core of the system function. Because the 

intelligent contract is deployed on the blockchain, it is difficult to change the contract 

rules. Therefore, the design of the contract should be basic and concise, and more 

interactive functions should be placed in the application layer. The application layer is 

an interface between user and contractual interaction, which can be developed 

according to different requirements. The function of the control layer is accomplished 

by the block chain. In the beginning, the public chain platform such as Ethereum, which 

supports the intelligent contract, is used to speed up the development of the prototype 

system. 

The decentralized system based on blockchain technology is different from the 

traditional distributed system. In the decentralized system, computing and storage tasks 

are redundant. Each node in the decentralized node stores the same data and performs 

the same computational tasks. On the one hand, this kind of redundant storage and 

calculation allows the blockchain system to operate independently of a trusted third 

party, ensuring the integrity of the data, untamperability and the consistency of the 

system; on the other hand, excessive redundant data also aggravates the system's burden, 

making the addition of new nodes more and more expensive. In the long run, this model 

is not scalable and unsustainable. In bitcoin, for example, the size of the bitcoin 



	

	 10	
	

blockchain has exceeded 130GB, which makes the new node spend a lot of time for 

synchronizing data. As the time goes on, the difficulty of entering new nodes continues 

to increase. Redundant computing ensures the consistency of the system state, which is 

valuable and essential. However, the large amount of redundant data storage makes the 

system burden heavier and not extensible. In order to solve the scalability problem of 

data storage, sharing and transaction, a parallel distributed architecture is put forward, 

as shown in Figure 2. The main chain, the industry chain network and the distributed 

storage system are combined organically. As the control layer of CPChain platform, the 

blockchain no longer stores all the data of the system, but only uploads the identification 

and credentials of the data, which not only greatly reduces the storage burden of the 

platform, but also ensures the consistency of the system. 
 

 

Fig 2. Parallel distributed architecture of CPChain 
 

In CPChain parallel distributed architecture, distributed cloud storage layer and 

block chain layer are two parallel distributed networks for data storage and computing 

tasks, respectively. The user data will be encrypted into blocks at the client side, each 

part will enter different storage nodes, and the hash credentials will upload all the nodes 

in the blockchain network, so that the data can be verified, confirmed, and so on. 

Parallel distributed architecture separates the data layer from the block chain, which not 

only preserves the security and decentration of the block chain system, but also 

improves the scalability and greatly reduces the block size. At present, many block 

chain platforms are faced with the problem of capacity expansion, such as increasing 



	

	 11	
	

block capacity, but only increasing block capacity will increase the maintenance cost 

of blockchain nodes, resulting in fewer nodes and lower system security. With 

CPChain's system architecture, the number of transactions that can be packaged in a 

single block is greatly increased with the same block size, which can dramatically 

enhance the platform's transaction processing speed. 

  



	

	 12	
	

3. Key Technologies of CPChain 

The parallel distributed architecture which separates the data layer from the control 

layer by CPChain can greatly improve the transaction speed and system extensibility 

without changing the block capacity. But it also faces new challenges. For example, 

after separating the data layer from the control layer, it is necessary to build a distributed 

storage network and ensure efficient interaction with the blockchain, and an effective 

connection must be established between the two parallel architectures. At the same time, 

the security and efficiency of the system should be guaranteed. In addition, if the data 

layer is independent, the block chain itself will be abandoned to protect the privacy of 

the data, so we must design a privacy protection scheme based on encryption 

technology. The encryption function based on re-encryption or homomorphic 

encryption has certain requirements for computing resources, but the block chain itself 

has limited computing resources and high cost, so it is necessary to strike a balance 

between privacy and availability.  

In large scale P2P networks, due to the large scale of nodes and the heterogeneity of 

data, there is a great challenge to ensure the consistency in the process of node state 

synchronization and data security storage. However, the current block chain distributed 

network based on the power of work (POW) consensus protocol has some problems, 

such as scalability, waste of computational power and limited block speed. CPChain 

adopts the two-layer consensus protocol solution, designs the dynamic committee 

security election mechanism, solves the low throughput and the high delay problem, 

enhances the data consistency and the system security. In addition, CPChain is oriented 

to the characteristics of the Internet of things industry and adopts a cross-chain 

architecture. That is, based on the main chain, CPChain provides industry-oriented side-

chain network function expansion for diversified practical application scenarios. The 

main chain network is mainly used for the high-speed control channel of IoT data 

exchange. 



	

	 13	
	

3.1 Parallel Distributed Encrypted Storage and Computation 

CPChain uses a parallel distributed architecture in which the typical Internet of things 

data upload and share process is shown in Fig. 3. To guarantee data security, reliability 

and efficient sharing in the network, CPChain creatively combines distributed storage 

technology with re-encryption technology as well as homomorphic encryption 

technology to achieve efficient data access control mechanism, which is elaborated in 

the following specific two aspects. 

 

User

Data

Data

BlockchainCloud
Nodes

Nodes

Smart	
Contract

Encrypt

Partition

Distributed
Storage

HHash

Decentralized
Controll

Permission

Access	to	Permissioned	Data
Verification
Of	Data	ID

 

Fig. 3. IoT data upload and share in CPChain 

 

l DHT-based distributed encrypted storage 

The distributed storage process of IoT data is shown in Fig. 4. The system separates the 

data layer from the control layer, all raw data is encrypted locally and signed by the 

owner. After partitioning, the data are stored in different nodes with DHT method, 

making it impossible for the host to know the raw data. At the same time, the hash value 

of the data is stored in the block chain as a proof of the integrity and correctness of the 

data and the identification of the data. In the first phase of CPChain, we select Ethereum 

as main chain to speed up system prototyping and application testing. 

The block chain also has access control over the data. When the owner of the data 

stores the data, the block chain stores access rights for each data record, which can be 



	

	 14	
	

accomplished by sending a transaction containing the data identity. When a user wants 

to retrieve the data, he or she must provide proof that the identity of the data is satisfied 

to obtain the right to access and use the data. If a malicious node exists in the system, 

it may ignore the access rights. But the data is encrypted and each node only saves a 

random part of the data in DHT. Therefore, malicious nodes have a limited impact. 

Since all data are encrypted on the user side, it is necessary to design an effective data 

authorization access mechanism to share data. The traditional distributed hash table 

only holds the key-value pair of data, which is far from enough for the CPChain 

platform. Therefore, at the data layer, CPChain will introduce a modified DHT to record 

the correspondence between the key and the data block, where the key has been used at 

the data encryption level. 

 

Raw	Data Encrypt E(data) Sign (signature,	E(data)	)Local	Client

Hash	Pointer

Hash	Function

H(s,e(data))Blockchain

Data	Partition

Distributed	
Storage

Node
……

 

Fig. 4. Distributed storage of IoT data 

 

Encryption and decryption of data will consume a certain amount of computing 

resources. In the face of the huge amount of data generated by the Internet of things 

system at every moment, it is undoubtedly a huge waste of computational power to 

encrypt each data record separately. Therefore, it is necessary to design appropriate data 

structures and encryption mechanisms for different types of IOT data to meet the 

requirements of data security and processing efficiency at the same time. The data 

generated by the CPChain platform will be arranged in chronological order, organized 

in a chain structure, and the time period T will be set to package the data in a period 



	

	 15	
	

into blocks. On this basis, the encryption interval e and the upload interval u are selected, 

so that a block record can ensure the integrity and authenticity of the data in the u blocks 

of the whole interval. 

 

l Data sharing and application based on encrypted computation 

To ensure data security and privacy, CPChain platform stripping the data layer from the 

blockchain. All the original data are encrypted on the user side. Because data is not 

visible to third parties, how to implement the computing or sharing of encrypted data is 

the primary challenge in parallel distributed architecture. The public key encryption 

system used in the block chain platform will no longer apply after the introduction of 

distributed encryption storage, because the public key encryption technology requires 

the receiver's public key to encrypt the data, as shown in Fig. 5. Only one-to-one 

authorization can be implemented. In the CPChain platform, it is hoped that the data is 

encrypted one time and used many times, which is abbreviated one-to-many 

authorization as shown in Fig. 6. Therefore, the CPChain platform will deeply develop 

re-encryption and homomorphic encryption technologies. The combination of 

encryption technology and blockchain technology will achieve more secure and more 

efficient data sharing and services. 

A

B

M

SKA

Signature

)(D M
ASK

Encryption

PKB

)(DE
BPK
M

ASK

Decryption

SKB

)(D M
ASK

PKA

M Verification

 
Fig. 5. Public key encryption  

 



	

	 16	
	

 

Fig. 6. a) Traditional public key encryption; b) CPChain encryption 

 

To implementation one-to-many authorization, CPChain proposes a combination 

scheme of symmetric encryption and asymmetric encryption based on re-encryption 

technology. The user employs a symmetric encryption key in each encryption interval 

to encrypt data, that is, the encryption and decryption use the same secret key, and 

records the correspondence between the encrypted data block and the secret key in the 

improved DHT. To improve the security of the data, each encryption interval needs to 

update the secret key. The re-encryption system based on asymmetric encryption is used 

to transmit the key used to encrypt the data, thus data authorization is limited to a single 

encryption interval. 

Re-encryption technology can partially solve the problem of data sharing in parallel 

distributed architecture. But its data is visible under the smart contract, so it faces some 

security and privacy problems. To this end, CPChain will further introduce 

homomorphic encryption technology to realize computing and application functions 

under encrypted data, such as distributed encryption matching and searching, so as to 

enhance the protection of user privacy.  

3.2 Hybrid Consensus on Large-scale Public Blockchain 

In the large-scale CPChain system, the realization of node state consistency and 

distributed data storage face many challenges due to the large scale of network and the 

massive data of Internet of things. CPChain will develop a hybrid consensus protocol 



	

	 17	
	

with extendable performance and propose a dynamic committee election mechanism to 

overcome scalability problems of the existing POW consensus protocol based systems. 

The main core problem in the main chain structure lies in determining which nodes 

to complete the data collection, packing the chain on the block, and how to ensure the 

block data security and consistency. Traditional distributed fault-tolerant algorithms, 

such as PBFT and Zyzzyva, rely more on communication complexity to guarantee the 

consistency among nodes. For example, the PBFT algorithm applies a three-phase 

protocol to guarantee the system consistency even if there is a malicious Byzantine 

node and the recovery of node failure. However, the system scalability is poor due to 

its more dependence on communication to ensure the security of its algorithm. The 

performance declines faster with the number of nodes increasing; when the number of 

nodes exceeds a certain threshold, the system will not be available. Due to its reliability 

and availability at a small scale, the traditional Byzantine fault-tolerant algorithm is 

more suitable for the private blockchain and permissioned blockchain environments. In 

response to this problem, CPChain's core solution is to design a dynamic voting 

mechanism for the dynamic committees and elect credible committees to collect the 

data of the blocks and pack the tasks of the blocks. 

 

l Two-layer consensus 

Traditional Byzantine fault-tolerant algorithms cannot be applied to large-scale 

public chain scenarios, and POW consensus protocols consume a huge amount of 

computing resources, which leads to inefficiencies. CPChain proposes a committee-

based two-layer agreement to enhance CPChain consensus performance. In the first 

round of consensus, the system performs a local electoral algorithm at the beginning of 

a fixed round (when a block is added, called a round) to determine the level of the nodes 

in the rounds. If the result is high, then the node has the right to record the round; In the 

second round of consensus, the process of block packing, verification, and the whole 

network broadcast will be completed. The consensus process is shown in Fig. 7. 



	

	 18	
	

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fig. 7. Two-layer consensus structure of CPChain 

 

l Commission election and dynamic update based on credit evaluation model 

The main difficulties of CPChain's main chain consensus agreement include: 1) make 

the whole network agree with the member node in P2P network; 2) identify each other 

after the establishment of the committee; 3) make sure that the node level information 

cannot be forged. For these problems, CPChain constructs node credibility model to 

evaluate the node credibility. Based on the node credibility, each node presents a local 

trust computing to determine its role. Through the committee to carry out intra-group 

consensus, we can achieve block data collection, packaging, and new block creation. 

In the election process, the randomness of the election process can be enhanced by 

the uniformly distributed probability lucky value. The malicious nodes can be 

prevented from making targeted cumulative credit attacks to control the behavior of the 

whole network. And the enhancement of randomness makes it possible for some nodes 

with low reputation to participate in the packaging of blocks. During the verification 

process, some incentives for some negative nodes are added. 

Consensus agreement will last for t rounds and will be re-elected. During the process 

of adding a block, the credit value will be penalized if there is a high-level node 

downtime or malicious behavior. When the credit value is lower than a certain threshold, 

it will be deleted from the committee, and the committee changing information is added 

to the block so that at the beginning of the next round, a corresponding number of nodes 

can be dynamically re-elected to join the committee, as shown in Fig. 8. 



	

	 19	
	

 

 
 

Fig. 8. Committee dynamics in the main chain of CPChain 
 

3.3 Side chain consensus system with high real-time and 

security 

As the basic data platform of IoT system, CPChain is a common IoT data control layer. 

However, different vertical applications of IoT, it has different performance 

requirements. Typical harsh real-time applications include unmanned vehicular, fleet 

coordination and so on. In such applications, CPChain needs to support secure 

communication and interaction with real-time control signaling in order to work 

efficiently and collaboratively among the various equipment nodes in the Internet of 

Things.	If the data interaction is still completed through the main chain, it will face a 

great delay, which cannot guarantee the real-time requirements of all kinds of 

applications. In order to meet the requirements of high frequency, fine granularity, high 

security and real time of machine data transaction, we will select typical application 

scenarios and develop a lightweight side chain consensus protocol. Specifically, 

CPChain will design the side chain consensus system with edge computing and 

hardware security method in the industry chain to ensure that all kinds of applications 

can meet the delay requirements. Therefore, the high real-time and high security of the 

industry chain network are realized, as shown in Fig. 9. 

 



	

	 20	
	

 
Fig. 9. Altruistic cooperation model with hardware acceleration 

 

l Data gateway & embedded encrypted algorithm 

Due to the heterogeneity of the data collected by the sensors in the Internet of things, 

the sensors themselves often do not have the computing power or computing power is 

very limited. If the cognitive computing of the sensor data processing is placed in each 

sensor node, it will bring more delay. Because the gateway equipment deployed in the 

Internet of things has more powerful hardware support than the sensor node, it can 

provide faster computing power, and the power of the device is not limited. By using 

the data gateway deployed in the Internet of things, the sensor data is aggregated to the 

edge gateway for data processing and encryption computation. On the one hand, the 

computing delay caused by the data processing is reduced. On the other hand, the 

computational load of sensor nodes in the Internet of things is reduced, and the lifetime 

is prolonged. 

 

l Incentive and security mechanism for consensus algorithm of industry chain 

The Internet of Things system consists of mesh network or wireless ad hoc network. 

There are many wireless communication technologies in different IoT industry, such as 

IEEE 802.11p, NB - IoT. Therefore, the consensus of machine transaction in the Internet 

of things can make full use of the characteristics of wireless network system, and embed 

the consensus process in the network communication protocol, so that the information 

interaction in the consensus process does not need to involve the data layer. The delay 

in the process is reduced only through the lower layer of communication layer. In 

addition, considering the high concurrency, real-time and security requirements of 



	

	 21	
	

machine transactions, CPChain will develop efficient altruistic cooperative incentive 

mechanism and security mechanism based on evolutionary game theory. For example, 

altruistic cooperative incentive mechanism based on directed acyclic graph directed 

Acyclic Graph (DAG) data structure. Thus, the application of CPChain side chain is 

more efficient, faster and safer. 

  



	

	 22	
	

4. Typical Applications of CPChain 

As a common platform for data acquisition, storage, sharing and application in the 

Internet of things, CPChain can be widely used in intelligent transportation, intelligent 

manufacturing, intelligent city and other industry systems. As shown in Fig. 10, taking 

traffic data as an example, CPChain can provide a full process solution for personal 

navigation optimization, auxiliary driving, traffic scheduling optimization and 

customization of vehicle personalized insurance. 

 

 

Fig. 10. Typical IoT applications based on CPChain 

4.1 Big Data aggregation and artificial intelligence 

applications based on CPChain 

IoT data sharing.  

In the era of big data, the value of data is well known. The huge amount of data 

generated by CPChain will also be of great value, and CPChain will use block chain 

technology to make all data available to and at the disposal of users. It avoids big 

companies monopolizing data. 

  A large number of Internet of things equipment and user interaction data in the field 

of business and scientific research have very high value with the development of 



	

	 23	
	

artificial intelligence. High-quality data is essential, especially for small and medium-

sized companies and scientific research institutions such as colleges and universities. 

With this open IoT data platform of CPChain, we can access to large amounts of real 

data at low cost, which will greatly facilitate technological progress. At present, 

research institutions must cooperate with large companies or rely on open data and open 

platforms of large companies in order to effectively carry out the training work of deep 

learning models. In fact, the vast majority of data held by large companies are derived 

from users, but users cannot control their own data. The CPChain data platform will 

change this situation in the CPChain data market, where users can authorize their data 

to different agencies and service providers to protect the privacy and rights of the data, 

as shown in Fig. 11. For users, the sharing of data is rewarded, and a large amount of 

real and trusted user data can bring greater business value. 

 

 

 

 

Fig. 11. Data sharing based on CPChain 

 

Personalized auto insurance 

Existing insurance programs generally have a very low level of customization. The 

novices or experienced drivers almost have the same plan options. Experienced drivers 

are often not coming with an accident within a few years, while the novice is more 

Distributed	
Storage

Node
……

Data	Owner Data	Buyer

Data-Market
Service

Encrypt

Purchase	Request
Willing	to	sell Willing	to	buy

Permission

Access



	

	 24	
	

likely to apply for their insurance. For insurance companies, due to the lack of adequate 

data support for different drivers, the driving habits of them are difficult to judge, it can 

only consider the risks and benefits in a general sense to design auto insurance products 

for different drivers. Furthermore, the cost of customized different auto insurance 

products is too high, which is not feasible. 

 

Fig. 12. Personalized auto insurance based on CPChain 

The CPChain IoT data platform collects a large amount of vehicle data. Through the 

modeling and analysis of each vehicle data, the driver's driving style can then be 

evaluated well. And the insurance company can calculate the driver's risk more 

accurately with these results and then design more personalized car insurance, see Fig. 

12. With advances in the sensor technology, combined with the CPChain data platform, 

unmanned set-loss and claims can be realized. After an accident happens, the 

responsibility can be distinguished with on-board sensors and road cameras and other 

equipment; the insurance company can automatically enter the claim phase through 

blockchain smart contract, saving a lot of time and manpower. 

4.2 Applications of real-time data flow based on CPChain 

Shared travel   

In the application of shared travel, the three parties involved are passengers, drivers and 

shared travel service contracts respectively. As shown in Fig. 13, a real-time 



	

	 25	
	

communication system based on CPChain allows drivers and passengers to encrypt 

their information and broadcast it to the vehicular ad hoc network at the same time. 

Secure side chain consensus algorithm implements fast matching and secure transaction. 

The travel service is deployed in the blockchain as an smart contract. The contract can 

access the information of the driver and the passenger and store the data in the cache 

temporarily. According to the matching algorithm within the contract, the contract can 

find the matching vehicle for the passengers. 

                
Fig. 13. Application of shared trip based on CPChain 

 

Real-time traffic sharing and driving assistance 

At present, the map app (e.g. Baidu map and Gaude map) can provide real-time traffic 

data. But the real-time data acquisition cost is high due to the lack of underlying traffic 

data platform such as CPChain. The traditional detection methods of road condition 

information mainly include the installation of sense coil, speed radar and video 

monitoring tools on the main roads of the city. These devices are mainly used to detect 

the occupancy rate of roads, traffic flow, speed and other coarse-grained road condition 

information. 

With the improvement of vehicle intelligence and sensor technology, combined with 

the real-time sharing of CPChain side-chain data, a more efficient real-time traffic data 

sharing application can be constructed. Vehicles upload their real-time sensor data to 

the CPChain platform for rewards. The real-time data sharing application collects, 

analyzes and provides data to the vehicles with the need. Vehicles can learn about the 



	

	 26	
	

traffic jam in advance and find out more about emergencies in time. For the unmanned 

vehicle, the real-time road condition information can be added to the driving strategy 

to obtain a better control scheme and real-time adjustment. 

 

Swarm control of unmanned vehicle fleet 

In unmanned vehicle fleet control, the interior of the swarm needs intelligent 

identification and detection of traffic environment through real-time, reliable and secure 

message transmission, determine the current travel status and energy usage of the 

cluster members, and thus realize the safe intelligent swarm control. Combined with 

CPChain real-time data sharing, each vehicle historical data (including the movement 

status, location, terrain and other key information) can be real-time accessed and shared, 

so that each car can obtain more reliable and complete unmanned vehicle fleet swarm 

status information at a lower cost, which also will promote the optimization of cluster 

control algorithm. Moreover, the CPChain data real-time sharing increases system 

flexibility in the dynamic membership administration, completing the real-time swarm 

reconfiguration, and improving self-governing capabilities of unmanned vehicles and 

the ability of secure control in the malicious attack environment. 

  



	

	 27	
	

5. Roadmap of CPChain 

 

 
Fig. 14. Roadmap of CPChain 

 
CPChain system architecture is complex and involves a lot of technology. The system 

architecture will evolve gradually in the process of development. 

 
Fig. 15. Evolution diagram of CPChain system architecture 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



	

	 28	
	

 

6. CPChain Team 

The CPChain research team is an international team with a compound knowledge 

structure. The founding team consists of top talents from universities and industries of 

IoT, finance, security and commercial operations. 
 

Dr. LONG Chengnian  
CPChain Founder/Principal Scientist 
Research Interesting：Internet of Things, Distributed Intelligent 
Systems with Blockchain Technology 
 
 
 
 
 
Dr. Zhao Bin, CPChain Co-Funder. 
Dr. Zhao has more than 12 years research and develop experience 
on communication, Internet of Things and FinTech.  
Extended experience in management of R&D team. He has three 
patents on inventions in Internet of Things 
 
 
 

 
 
Shi Qingwei, early participant in the blockchain and digital 
currency 
Founder of the shared finance, participated in the preparation and 
investment of many projects 
 
 

 
  



	

	 29	
	

 

7. CPChain Economic Models and Usage  

CPC is a primary asset on CPChain, CPC's value origin is that it can easily characterize 

and measure digital economic activity on CPChain. The value of CPC is based on two 

practical business needs. One is that the use of CPChain consumes a certain amount of 

CPC as fuel. The other is holding CPC is a symbol of participating in CPChain 

community governance. 

1) The total amount of CPC is 1 billion, which will be generated when the main network 

is online. 

2) Ordinary nodes in the CPC network (non-DAPP application nodes) have the right to 

send a fixed number of free transactions every day. If this number is exceeded or the 

transaction frequency is too fast, the system will charge a fee.  

3) In order to ensure the balance of communication and computing resources, DAPP 

application developers must hold a corresponding amount of tokens according to the 

resources to be occupied by the application, and may lease them if the number of tokens 

is not enough. 

4) For transactions resulting from DAPP applications, DAPP developers bear the 

corresponding costs, and pay leasing fees to miners who provide rental tokens. 

The CPChain Foundation will charge CPC from developers and service providers of 

various smart contracts and pays for the gas required for the operation of smart contracts 

to ensure the operation of all business smart contracts. The majority of CPC revenue 

received will be rewarded to node providers, while the remaining part is used for 

funding follow-up day-to-day operations, commercial promotion and technology 

development; 

The smart contract service provider pays CPC to acquire GAS to provide BaaS 

(Blockchain as a Service) smart contract services to the companies it serves. Based on 

their business rules and the added value contribution, the contract is provided to its 

client company, Application development provider receive CPC to provide smart 



	

	 30	
	

contract services; 

The application development provider will further develop and process the acquired 

smart contract services based on the needs of the end customers and provide its 

traditional enterprise customers or end users with application products and receive the 

CPC as the enterprise revenue. The end user may pay CPC to get business products and 

services. 
 

  



	

	 31	
	

8. Token Distribution Plan of CPChain	 	

The total amount of CPC token will be 1 billion and 40% is used for funding of 
Overseas community and institutional investors.  
 
Proportio
n 

Allocation Plan Details 

40% Overseas community 
and institutional 
investors   

The overseas community will be an important force 
for the future development of CPChain, and this 
part will be used in the construction of overseas 
community; Institutional Investors refer to the 
enterprises in the built-in distributed business 
ecosystem and service providers that serve these 
corporate customers or end-users; these business 
investors will focus on the future application of 
CPChain Token (CPC) in their commercial 
activities. 

25% Founding team,  
development team 
and consultants 

The founding team, as well as the development 
team, greatly contributes their human and 
technology resources and material resources during 
the development of the project. Therefore, the CPC 
will be used as a reward and will be locked up for 
3 years, with the first year all locked and released 
in batches each year   
 
 

35% Community 
governance 

Maintaining the continuous operation and 
development of the team; Commercial application 
exploration and promotion; Selection of suitable 
industries for strategic deployment in the industry, 
project support and replacement of tokens for 
industrial application that truly satisfies the needs 
of market.  

 
 
 
 
 
 



	

	 32	
	

9. Project Budget 	

Daily Operation 35% Including initial team salary, recruiting 
experts and developers, technical patents and 
intellectual property protection, foundation 
operation and marketing expenses, etc. 

Technology 
Development 

35%  Technical development, communication and 
sharing; publication of regular journals; 
creation or participation of alliances; 
community incentives, etc. 

Business 
Development  

20% Maintain a series of business channel 
cooperation such as expanding and operating 
of CPChain Foundation  

Investment  10% Investment in new blockchain technology 
and new team 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



	

	 33	
	

10. CPChain Community Governance 

CPChain's governance adopts the three-tier governance structure of the CPC Holders' 

Conference, the Decision-making Committee and the Executive Committee. 

The CPC Holder Conference allows the holder to participate in the governance of 

the community through preset code rules. The decision-making committee is 

responsible for the CPC holder conference and the executive committee is responsible 

for the execution. 

The Executive Committee is responsible for the daily operation of the CPChain 

project. The Executive Committee consists of several management centers including 

Strategic Investment Center, Financial Management Center, Operations Management 

Center, Community Service Center and Innovation Management Center to guide the 

respective business units. 

The CPChain team will set up a foundation in Singapore as the main body of 

CPChain governance with overall responsibility for the CPChain technology 

development and application development, maintenance of CPC holder rights, 

promotion of the CPChain brand and more. 
 
 
 
 

 


