











































crafty
The reputation value.

Pre-ICO version 20/12/2017



crafty 

2

1. Executive summary         4
2. The market          5
3. Problems           5
3.1. The ILO view          5
3.2 The vision of the Brazilian government     5
3.3    The vision of the World Bank       6
3.4 Information asymmetry and inefficiency of relations   6
4. The Crafty solutions         6
4.1.    KYC - Know your customer        7
4.2 Reputation as value and currency      7
4.3. Social Concern          8
4.4    Valuing the reputation        10
4.5    Direct relations assisted by IA       10
5. A Brief History          11
5.1. Where it all began: Diaríssima       11
5.2. Many errors and problems        11
5.3. Positive results          12
6. Crowdfunding, Product & Roadmap      13
6.1. Crowdfunding          13
6.1.1. Why crowdfunding?         13
6.1.2. Crowdsale           14
6.1.3. Funding           14
6.2.   Blockchain and smart contracts       15
6.3.   Product Architecture         15
6.3.1. Format           15
6.3.2. Workflow           16
6.3.3. Operation           17
6.3.4. CFTY Utility tokens         17
6.4.   Roadmap development        18                                          
7. Business model          19

Contents



crafty 

3

7.1. Fighting inefficiency         19
7.2. What we do?          20
7.3. Patent           20
7.4. Reducing transaction costs        21
7.4.1. A billionaire market         22
7.4.2. Reducing operation costs        22
7.4.2.1.User acquisition costs        22
7.4.2.2.Conversion costs (CAC) – average 2017     23
7.4.3. No entry barriers         23
7.5. Networked business model        23
8. Token administration         23
8.1. Network effect          23
8.2. Evaluation remunerated        24
9. Structure & Team         25
9.1. Operation structure         25
9.1.1. Strategic-administrative        25
9.1.1.1.Token value          25
9.1.1.2.Target markets          25
9.1.2 Alliances and user satisfaction       26
9.2. Board           26
10. Legal Aspects          28
10.1.   General information         28
10.2.  Expected knowledge         28
10.3.  Associated risks with CFTY acquisition     29
10.3.1.CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS CAN PRESENT EXTREME VOLATILITY OF VALUE  29
10.3.2.Further considerations on risks involved in the acquisition and use of CFTY 30
10.4. Important considerations        31
10.5. Guarantees          32
10.5.1.Obligation to determine if the suporter may purchase CFTY in its Jurisdiction  32

Contents



crafty 

4

1. Executive summary
 The current labor relations are not enough to promote happiness and trust between 
people, generating friction and, consequently, waste of resources.

 Information asymmetry is the root of most of the waste of wealth, which is paid by 
all of us from the higher transaction costs and additional energy expenditure.

 To tackle these problems, we created the Crafty, which is the best tool for:

• turning workers into skilled entrepreneurs professionals, fully informed, integrated and 
tuned into the market and

• allow the contractors know their best options to hire people genuinely evaluated and 
qualified, suitable for a specific task.

 The social network provides confidence, blockchain provides transparency and 
augmented intelligence amplifies the possibility of better choices for the parties involved.

 Crafty is a platform that connects the various specialties service providers with their 
contractors, without charging any intermediation fee or centralized intervention. 

 Operationally is structured as a marketplace with several advantages as:

• works in a market that, in Brazil (not to mention worldwide numbers), is officially 
evaluated over BRL 200 billion formal and at least twice such amount that acting 
informally (which means almost USD 200 billion in total);

• the reorganization of the market to reduce its imperfections, especially with regard to 
intermediation, expanding the potential remuneration of the service provider, while 
enabling a reduction the cost of service;

• the proposal of democratizing access to the market by reducing the asymmetry of 
information from the spread of reputation value as “collective currency”;

• it’s totally free;

• users (network nodes) are remunerated, ensuring the circulation of generated tokens;

• scalability, as result of decentralization;

• the possibility to be worldwide applied.

 The application will replace other, called Diarissima, already in operation for almost 
two years, ensuring to the project the technical requirements and the necessary market for 
successful expansion.

crafty



crafty 

5

2. The market

3. Problems

 According to the ILO - International Labor Organization, more than 50 million people 
worldwide are employed in domestic service 1 . 

 In Latin America and Caribbean such segment responds for more than 7% of jobs 
(19.6 million workers), which puts the region in 2nd place, with the largest contingent is in 
the Asia Pacific, with 11.9% of employment wage. Brazil has 7.2 million domestic workers.

 The ILO considers domestic workers employees who perform cleaning functions, 
elderly caregivers or children, home guards, drivers driving children to school, gardeners, 
cooks, and others. Therefore, rather than the function itself, the domestic worker is one 
that performs its functions in third houses.

 Some categories are domestic, cleaners, cooks, waiters, valets, butlers, gardeners, 
cleaners, porters, drivers, caregivers, housekeepers, nannies, tutors, custodians and 
secretaries.

 In general domestic workers complain of the lack of labor rights, while contractors 
complain about the lack of training and the difficulty in finding good professionals who, 
depending on the characteristics of work, require an essential component and hard to find, 
especially in major cities: the “trust”.

3.1. The ILO view

 The home environment provides a more informal relationship and, worldwide, less 
protected than those that develop in companies.

 The ILO has promoted several actions aimed at ensuring rights to these workers, 
considering their large representation in the contingent.

3.2. The vision of the Brazilian government

 In Brazil, the attempt of the State to tackle the problem was a law enacted in 2013 
and which entered into force in May 2015 (LC 150/2015) which introduced many changes 
in the relationships that due to the fact they increased the cost of hiring, carried cut jobs, 
showing that centralized intervention, contrary to the expectation of increased security 
and expansion of rights, can lead to further problems.

 1 http://goo.gl/yJm6Y



crafty 

6

3.3. The vision of the World Bank

 As noted by the World Development Report “Knowledge for Development - 
1998/19992 “, development assurance can only be achieved by reducing “knowledge gaps” 
and granting access to information.

 In other words, the World Bank established that information asymmetry creates 
inefficiency, from which derives the following statement in the report:

“Although information failures can never be eliminated, recognizing and addressing 
them are crucial to effective markets and therefore fundamental to rapid, equitable, 
and sustainable growth”.  

3.4.	 Information	asymmetry	and	inefficiency	of	relations

 The provision of domestic services is traditionally based on a two pillar: personal ties 
or economic capacity of service providers.

 In the first case, the traditional word-of-mouth, inefficiency is the need of personal 
knowledge, which is very likely will result in imperfect choices due to the asymmetry of 
information, that is, the lack of offer.

 In the second, small companies or individual entrepreneurs don’t have the chance to 
compete with corporations, whose ability to invest in advertising is unmatched, resulting 
again in inefficiency because in addition the same information asymmetry, the additional 
cost of the publicity will be obviously paid by the contractor.

 Interventionist views of the ILO and the Brazilian government have shown that this 
is not the most productive way to solve the problem.

 On the other hand, the World Bank’s view seems to be much more consistent. If the 
problem of “knowledge gaps” is closely connected with information deficiencies, then it 
stands to reason that we should seek solutions to correct it.

 Eliminate such “knowledge gaps”, may not be feasible, especially in developing 
countries, however, may minimize them, without incurring the centralization, in order to 
avoid the additional transaction costs3. 

 To solve this, we use the “blockchain” which enables the reduction of these costs in 
relation to centralized systems, ensuring the audit and immutability, transparently.

2 Knowledge for Development (english): http://bit.ly/2ywLHgk
3 Companies have not only production costs but also “transaction costs”. As examples we have the costs of negotiating, writing and guaranteeing 
the fulfillment of a contract. According to Oliver Williamson, transactions between parties face two difficulties:
1) behavior of individuals (people have limited rationality);
2) people do not have full knowledge of the environment (therefore they cannot maximize efficiency).

4.	The	Crafty	Solutions



crafty 

7

 The criticisms of the transactional structure of blockchain have focused on alleged 
fraud possibilities since there is no explicit record of the parties that transact. 

 Although this argument disregards the obvious ease of fraud from the use of cash, 
Crafty has a special concern with the legality of operations that promotes and with the 
treatment given to its members and supporters. Accordingly, have adopted strict criteria 
that make up the company’s policy.

 At Crafty there is no employees or employers, but users (network nodes). We 
promote entrepreneurship and there’s nothing better for an entrepreneur than have 
increasingly reliable information, which is the basis of the entire system.

4.1.  KYC - Know your customer 

 Consists in adopting policies and business rules to ensure that the system holds 
basic customer data. 

 While this concept has been spread with the intention of reducing the possibility of 
fraud, the intention of Crafty’s policy adopting the AML - Anti Money-Laundering4 is the 
dual function of inhibiting the use of the system for operations for which it has not been 
prepared and simultaneously to provide more suitable tools of reputation check, which 
can only be achieved if mitigated the possibilities of fraud.

 Although these data are private, to use the platform, the user must necessarily 
authorize registration.

 The mutual and remunerated evaluation system serves also as a way to provide 
increased reliability, that is, information is recorded historically, which determines that the 
databases are dynamic and constantly updated.

4.2.  Reputation as value and currency

 At Crafty, reputation is the main value, regardless of the type of user, worker or 
contractor. The concern with this aspect of the system is such that all transactions and 
valuations are recorded in the blockchain, avoiding changes or fraud.

 As in social relations, the greater the degree of interaction between network nodes 
(users), greater the degree of trust, which is objectively recognized by the system, including 
the possibility of differentiated remuneration.  

 Thus users benefit from reputations built into the system as well as the system 
benefits itself by self-regulating, promoting a decentralized curatorship.

4 Set of procedures that aim to verify the origin of the resources that are being transacted in order to avoid that they are regularized those 
obtained illegally.



crafty 

8

4.3.	Social	Concern

 The United Nations defined the Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) as part of a new agenda for 
sustainable development that should finalize the work of 
the MDGs.

 This agenda, launched in September 2015 during 
the Summit on Sustainable Development, was discussed 
at the UN General Assembly, where Member States and 
civil society negotiated their contributions.

 The process towards post-2015 development agenda 
has been led by the United States with the participation of major 
groups and stakeholders of civil society. The agenda reflects the 
new challenges of development and is linked to the outcome of Rio + 20 
- the UN Conference on Sustainable Development - which was held in June 2012 in Rio de 
Janeiro, Brazil.

 In December 2014, the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon released its Synthesis 
Report summarizing these contributions and presents his vision for the post-2015 
sustainable development agenda.

 Based on the experience of two development decades of practice and from 
contributions obtained through an open and inclusive process, the report “The Dignity 
Road to 2030” presented a map with the goal of achieving dignity in the next 15 years. 

 According to the then special advisor the Secretary-General on the Post-2015 
Development Plan, Amina J. Mohammed, the center point of the document “is that by 
2030 we can end poverty, we can transform lives and we can find ways to protect the 
planet while we do it. “

 From seventeen of Sustainable Development Goals - SDG, Crafty proposes to tackle 
solutions to five.

• SDG 1. Ending poverty in all its forms, everywhere  

 Our proposal offers decent working conditions anywhere, reducing hiring costs and, 
thus, enabling a higher frequency of use and greater discretion between the parties.

 With no intention to regulate relations between the parties, by offering a wide range 
of contractors and service providers, by spreading offers without any additional costs, the 
system reduces the power of those who could, in traditional conditions, to control prices.



crafty 

9

• SDG 3. Ensure a healthy life and promote well-being for everyone, all ages

 People with higher incomes have better possibilities to feed themselves and create 
healthy habits.

 Crafty combines promotion of professional activity with the flexibility of working 
hours, which allows the service provider, of any age, set at what time wants to devote to 
other tasks than those professional.

•  SDG 4. Ensure inclusive and equitable education and quality, and promote 
learning opportunities throughout life for all

 Although public education, “inclusive and equitable” is not on the scope of the 
platform, the identification of market potential for certain activities, fosters the emergence 
of training structures to meet the public.

 We have a clear example in Diaríssima from an agreement with SENAC5 in Sao 
Paulo, which offered free short courses for professionals registered on the platform. The 
initiative’s main objective was to bring basic knowledge to autonomous professional so 
that it is interested in improving their skills.

 Many professionals who have done the basic course, began to take an interest in 
specializations, resulting in better results and higher pay.

• SDG 8. Promoting sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and 
productive employment and decent work for all

 Sustained economic growth is necessarily based on reducing costs and waste, 
improving inclusive welfare. That’s exactly what Crafty promotes.

 By identifying the intermediation costs and shifting the market inefficiencies, the 
system address the roots of the problem, promoting the best possible matching of the 
contracting parties.

 Crafty has yet among their concerns, the promotion of financial inclusion of its 
members, since 55 million Brazilians (almost 40% of the population over 18 years) is 
unbancarized6, which means they don’t have checking or savings account and according 
to a survey of the Data Popular Institute, the population moved around BRL 655 billion per 
year.

 Developed payment tools enable users to create virtual accounts and use them for 
paying and receiving, including credit cards.

5 National social service of commerce (in portuguese acronym), a Brazilian entity in charge of improving services sector quality nationwide 
6http://bit.ly/2o4oAoM 



crafty 

10

• SDG 17. Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global 
partnership for sustainable development

 The system was not developed only for Brazil but at this stage will have a restricted 
operation to that country. The system also solves a problem that is not related solely to the 
one specific country, but worldwide, as identified by the ILO itself. 

4.4. Valuing the reputation

 Crafty registers confidence degree of the user’s reputation, reproducing, in a certain 
way in the digital environment, which already occurs in conventional human relations 
taking advantage of social network analysis tools, including but not restricted to social 
media, establish relationships between nodes7 according to different metrics (connection, 
distribution or segmentation). 
 

4.5. Direct relations assisted by AI

 While personal relationships establish organic methods of assessment, including 
the reputation of individuals, corporate structures can mask undesirable aspects because 
of their advertising possibilities.

 Massive advertisements have the power to increase the demand for goods and 
services, even though they are not really suited to consumer needs, which increases the 
inefficiency of relations since resources may be applied not in the best way, but according 
to the appeal of advertising.

 The response of Crafty to such distortion is the direct and a free presentation of 
service providers to respective contractors, stressing the reputation of the network nodes, 
constructed to reproduce as much as possible the organic appraisal methods. 

 The structure of this reputation is based on algorithms that support shared curation, 
registered in blockchain, auditable and without the possibility of external interference. 

7For additional technical info, please refer to: http://bit.ly/2j7wWXv



crafty 

11

5. A Brief History
5.1.	Where	it	all	began:	Diaríssima

 Since mid-2015, when the business model was developed and written the first line 
of code, the goal was offering the system to all autonomous workers. But before it was 
necessary to understand the business and its peculiarities.

 We quickly realized that it would not enough to keep limited to market research, so 
it would be essential to quickly move to the field.

 Such goal was achieved by launching an MVP restricted to only one profession, the 
self-employed household cleaner, the day workers.

 And so it was launched Diaríssima, whose name would have potential to be used 
only in Brazil.

 Today, with thousands of users and tens of thousands of services rendered, we can 
say that we learned a lot and made a lot of mistakes too.

5.2. Many errors and problems

 We were wrong (which had cost time and money) mainly in establishing an initial 
team greater than we needed, for not having understood that this would be a repetition 
of existing structures (shouldn’t us be disruptive?).

 Today we serve all of Brazil with an extremely lean, but efficient structure because 
we empowered the network and it takes care of almost everything. After all, we can’t fight 
against the inefficiency of value chains being inefficient.

 Also we initially tried to organize the way the relations took place, establishing price 
ranges and time slots. Over the time we had to learn to take seriously the claim that 
reputation is the centerpiece of the model. As soon as the users realized that power was 
really in their hands, everything got easier, light and clear. 

 They define who to hire, when and how much to pay for services; and also to whom 
the service will be rendered, when and how much to charge for it. So simple!

 It was this finding that allowed us to focus on offering a platform extremely reliable 
for people to relate to and so we can deliver increasing convenience as new versions of the 
platforms are launched, rather than trying to control what users should or should not do.



crafty 

12

5.3. Positive results

 The product, though still in its first phase, has shown the potential to improve lives 
and change habits.

 Some of the most remarkable experiences were recorded on video and can 
be accessed by the address https://www.facebook.com/pg/Diarissima/videos/ which 
registered recorded real testimonials from contractors and service providers. We here 
highlight a few:

•  Mrs. Eunice (http://bit.ly/2m4BmBm) from São Paulo, don’t read or write, but works 
every day and operates the system by phone and had her life changed for better when 
she decided to use the app;

•  In Campo Grande, MS, Mrs. Sandra (http://bit.ly/2m4ARrd) got a depression because 
she could not work and her retired husband had no way to support the family by himself. 
Her day-by-day has changed and now she walks around all over town spreading her 
peculiar joy to the people;

•  Meire ( http://bit.ly/2m4xUGV ) would leave college but then joined the Diarissima, 
working from Tuesday to Saturday. She managed to reconcile her commitments and 
increased revenue to continue her studies and even moved to a bigger house; 

•  Vanilda, the most contracted professional in São Paulo, like so much the app that 
decided not to render services to who does not use it because evaluates that Diaríssima 
offers more security to her ( http://bit.ly/2m4KEgQ ). She finished the renovation of her 
home and is planning to buy a car;

•  Bianca is a contractor. She needed to find a reliable person to provide services for 
their elderly parents and realized the application would be the answer to her needs. Her 
testimony brought interesting observations about the system and its differences from 
traditional hiring means ( http://bit.ly/2m4D9q6 ).

 In practice, the application has established a more balanced relationship between 
the agents. People feel free and safer and because of this decides what they want and can 
do, with no sacrifice of their private life.

 That contributed to the development of the concept of reputation: the Diaríssima 
never had a single case of theft registered with the competent bodies. Became clear 
that in most cases, providers, as well as contractors, are correct people who just want to 
respectively have decent working conditions and convenience for hire.

 Another important achievement was the considerable reduction in our cost of user 
acquisition (CAC), concomitantly with the increase the number of new users. 

 Based exclusively on online advertising platforms of Google (Adwords and YouTube) 
and Facebook / Instagram, we established our strategies internally without the need for 
hiring an agency or another third party.



crafty 

13

6.1. Crowdfunding

 6.1.1. Why Crowdfunding?

 
 The proposed development of a decentralized platform with such scope and impact 
requires also the decentralization of investment.
 
 More than the need for resources that could be raised in various ways, that’s the 
reason why Crafty can only exist within the crowdfunding context since its value will be 
greater the more distributed is its funding. 

 Each network node, because is actively participating in the improvement of reputation 
system, need to be rewarded and nothing better than by internal money.

 The period for fundraising by crowdfunding will be 45 days. In the first two weeks, 
contributions will be bonified up to 20%.

 It took months of tweaking and testing but we achieved important marks on download 
costs and new users which allow the team to better invest each penny with the most effective 
result.

 In short, as the Diaríssima was, until today, fully borne with resources of the founders 
also become experts in doing more with our limited resources.

6. Crowdfunding, Product & Roadmap



crafty 

14

Up to 60% - Marketing

Up to 40% 

- Product Development Schedule
- Operations
- Salaries
- Legal
- Value partnerships

Hardcap - US$ 35,000,000
Total of tokens CRAFTY (CFTY)

10.000.000.000

Bounty / promotions 1,0%

*Advisors 4,5%

Reserve fund 30,0%

*Team / Founders 14,5%

**Crowdsale 50,0%

*Tokens unavailable for withdrawal for 6 
months via smart contract, after the end 
of ICO.

**Tokens destined for crowdsale that are 
not sold will be reverted to the
reserve fund after the end of ICO.

6.1.2. Crowdsale

6.1.3. Funding

$

ETH 12.5 ~15 15~17.5 17.5 ~20 20 ~22.5 22.5 ~25 25 ~50 >50

% Bonuses 5% 5,5% 6,5% 8% 10% 13% 20%

Unity CRAFTY (CFTY) : USD 0.007

PRE-SALE BONUS DETAILS - STARTING JAN/2018



crafty 

15

6.2. Blockchain and smart contracts

  
 The blockchain chosen to support crowdfunding and the issuance and operation 
of CFTY tokens8 was Ethereum, for its robustness, capillarity and responsibility already 
demonstrated by Ethereum Foundation.

 Smart contracts are the rules governing the relationship between users and the 
relations of the users with the system, automatically, without the centralized intervention. 

 Smart contracts ensure, therefore, respect to the principles established between the 
parties without the need for arbitration or other dispute resolution mechanisms, which 
also contributes to reducing the transaction costs.

 Crafty’s smart contracts were written according to the standard ERC209. Both 
contracts have stamp “Contract Source Code Verified” verifiable in Etherscan10, assuring 
to the supporters transparency of operations, in accordance with the described proposal, 
reinforcing our vision and commitment to transparency and accountability.

 Crafty’s crowdfunding contract includes functions of refunding contributions if the 
minimum funding (soft cap) is not achieved, as well as “contingency function”, which allows 
developers to pause the process of distributing tokens if any incidents occur, ensuring 
system reliability. The transfer of tokens is blocked during the ICO.

6.3. Product Architecture

 6.3.1. Format
 
 The front end of Crafty is a P2P electronic catalog of professionals who offer their 
skills to users who are looking for such work. It’s on the back end that the differences are 
evident.

 Crafty uses more efficiently and with more effective results, the stock of technological 
knowledge available in their network users, typifying the environment in which hiring 
occurs, turning them into wealth and producing well-being.

 Knowing the characteristics and peculiarities of this market, which includes value 
chain activities, as well as the characteristics of workers involved in the process, Crafty 
proposes ways able to accelerate and enhance the economic and social benefits from the 
transformation of knowledge into innovation.

8Tokens are a representation of a particular asset or utility and can represent basically any assets that are fungible and tradeable, from 
commodities to loyalty points. For detailed info, please refer to Tokenomics – A Business Guide to Token Usage, Utility and Value at http://bit.
ly/2CSBglT 
9https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard 
10https://etherscan.io/



crafty 

16

6.3.2.	Workflow

$

$$

crafty

1. Contractors 
choose, hire 
professionals 
and pay 
them directly 
(without 
intermediation 
fee)

2.	After	services	
rendered, both 
parties evaluate 
the counterpart 
and receive 
CFTY

3. CFTY may 
be used to pay 
services and 
products of 
partners



crafty 

17

 6.3.3. Operation
 
 Services of the platform are offered both via a mobile application and via web, 
from tools supporting the relationships between autonomous professionals from varied 
specialties and their clients, promoting the integration between them.

 Initially written in Portuguese, the system structure is designed to allow easy 
translation to other languages, as well as the inclusion of new services and professions.

 6.3.4. CFTY Utility tokens
 
 Crafties (CFTY) are tokens with several utilities in the system. The adoption of such 
utilities was a primary consideration to lay the foundation for the success of the model.

•  Exchange value: as a basic unit of exchange within the Crafty market, CFTY result 
in the creation of a transactional economy buyers/contractors and vendors/service 
providers. This consists of features that allow users to receive amounts and spend them 
on services that are inherent in the system or available through it. Crafty’s users can 
receive CFTY as payment for services if they wish, and/or activities related to tasks that 
enhance the ecosystem, for example, evaluations. Over time, Crafty’s ecosystem will be 
sustainable because of these exchanges.

•  Engagement: the CFTY will be used in order to enrich the user experience by creating 
alternatives for gamification and interaction with external products to the ecosystem, 
serving therefore to promote engagement.

•  Currency: The CFTY is an efficient method of payment, with very low transaction 
costs, which promotes its use in a simple way, point to point, creating more exchanges 
and thus increasing their purchasing power. Alternative uses such as transfers between 
users can generate various subsystems as social loans, grants or group buying.

•  Earnings: The adopted decentralized model, provided by the blockchain, enables an 
equitable redistribution of additional ecosystem values as well as the sharing of benefits 
either generated due to the use of own currency, or by administration of resources that 
may provide increases in their relative value (deflation).

•  Participation: Users may participate, from the full operation of the application, as 
far as the CFTY are transacted in their accounts and considering their reputation in the 
system, of decisions about new implementations and developments. 



crafty 

18

6.4. Roadmap development

2019

2019

Q1

Q2

Q3Q2/2016
until Q1/2018 2018

Q2
2018

2019

2019

Q3/2019 

Q4

MVP

$

$

$

MVP
Crafty

more than 60 K downloads
more than 24 K users
more than 160 cities
Just one profession

Registering CFTY 
inside platform

Recommendations 
made by AI recommendations based on users' 

spatial information and learning 
value chains within the platform

Services to 
unbancarized 
people

Crafty as 
personal 
assistant

New professions being added each periodDiaríssima

crafty

2018

until Q1/2020  



crafty 

19

 The model is based on the reputation of its members and the optimization of the 
system itself reputation as well as its members. 

 The importance of this aspect is such that the evaluations between the parties will 
be registered in blockchain along with the transaction itself, in addition to that, it will be 
paid in CFTY.

 Better explaining:
 
•  The remuneration and therefore the economic balance of the system, are built 

mainly by charging a given percentage of adjacent transactions11 carried out under 
the Crafty ecosystem, with no impact on transaction costs made under the system; 

•  The gains from the efficiency of the contracting process between users, allow the 
work “curation chain”12 be paid in the currency system (CFTY);

•  By being paid, users realize the value of their participation, improves the degree of   
data reliability, valuing database quality and therefore the value of the currency 
(CFTY);

•  The curation chain guarantees the quality of data, without incurring in back-office 
costs. Maintenance costs are reduced, since there is no need for human intervention or 
creation of physical infrastructure, ensuring scalability;

•  With low operating costs and users carrying valued currency, exogenous adjacent 
transactions become feasible within the ecosystem. Access to this ecosystem occurs in 
terms of cooperation that still generate more value for money, increasing traction of 
users and their retention. 

7.1.	 Fighting	inefficiency

 Our society is so used to waste that no longer care for him, despite having all the 
tools for it. We decided to develop different and truly innovative concepts to facilitate this 
task, network-based and intelligence.

 We are unhappy with the amount of financial, physical and human resources wasted 
daily in virtually all human activities. Crafty has shown that it is possible to reward those 
who work better, without transferring additional costs for those who hire or purchase.

7. Business model

11 “Adjacent transactions” are those that, while related to system users and value chain components, are not directly related to the object of the 
re-intermediated contract.

12 “Curation chain” is the process by which user ratings and opinions, recorded in the system, are validated by the following transactions, 
creating a human curation chain and guaranteeing data reliability in a collaborative and decentralized way.



crafty 

20

7.2. What we do?

 The central idea is to improve the value chain quality by reintermediation (or 
reorganization of the links), unlocking hidden values and transferring them to users, 
network nodes.

 In the end, the costs are absorbed by increased efficiency, optimized value chain and 
best applied financial resources.

7.3. Patent

 The US patent13 establishes the way in which the system analyzes the connection 
options for the development of a specific job, organizing them according to objective 
criteria that have as main decision vector, the fulfillment of the need with the lowest cost 
of transaction.

 Considering the analysis of the Porter value chain and the deployed input-output 
matrices, there is a positive relationship between the efficiency of each process and the 
remaining margins (less efficiency, lower margins) in each segment.

 If each process is itself a smaller process value chain, at the end of the whole 
process, even if a tiny process is being improved, such tighter margins mean comparative 
advantages and respective values released to the chain.

 The central idea of the patent is to enable agents to be involved in a fully designed 
environment to establish opportunities related to their activities, at no additional cost, 
simply by using the augmented intelligence intervention to identify and offer the most 
appropriate alternatives.

 This means that process inefficiencies (hidden costs) are constantly identified and 
replaced by better opportunities for the parties.

Infrastructure

M
a
r
g
i
n
s

Human resource Management

Technological development

Acquisitions / Purchases

Logistics
in

Input

Logistics
in

Output
Operations Marketing Services

13US Patent Application No. 62/482,497, filing date April 6, 2017. Title: AUGMENTED INTELLIGENCE RESOURCE ALLOCATION SYSTEM AND 
METHOD



crafty 

21

Total Rendered to 
families

% of Total

Service companies (non financial) 1,332,260 415,176 31.1

Net operating revenue BRL1.4 trillion BRL168.8 billion 12.0

Added value BRL842 billion BRL96.1 billion 11.4

Employed people 13 million 2.9 million 22.3

Added value / employed people BRL 64.8 K BRL 33.1 K

Average employees / company 9.76 6.98

% Effective productivity 16 1.7 2.4

Salaries BRL 289.7 billion BRL 39.4 billion 13.6

% salaries / revenue 39.8 23.0

Average salary / year BRL 22.3 k BRL 13.6 k

Inefficiency BRL 1.1 trillion BRL 129.4 billion 17.3

7.4. Reducing transaction costs

 The service sector, a segment in which Crafty operates, is seemingly extreme 
inefficient all over the world. In general, this inefficiency permeates the entire chain, even 
without the need for large investments in equipment or facilities, with few entry barriers 
and geographically distributed markets.

 Considering only the activities related to “services provided to households”, where 
essentially direct labor is applied without adding value, the ratio between wage values and 
net operating revenue is only 23% (the services is almost 40%). This means that less than 
a quarter of what the sector generates is destined to pay the salaries of the respective 
workers.

 In Brazil, in particular, we can demonstrate this assertion with official data, published 
by IBGE on the Brazil in Synthesis14 site, published in the PAS15 (Annual Survey of Services) 
in 2014

 Although they account for almost one-third of this segment, services rendered to 
families companies employ only one-fifth of the staff, with a wage bill of less than 14% 
of the total and an operating income of just over 11% of the total wages (due to low 
qualification) and small companies (average of less than 7 employees).

14https://brasilemsintese.ibge.gov.br/servicos 
15Source: IBGE, Diretoria de Pesquisas, Coordenação de Serviços e Comércio, PAS, 2014. 
16Values calculated by the division of real added value by the total number of personnel employed in companies 



crafty 

22

7.4.1.		A	billionaire	market	

 It must be considered that with almost 63% of the unregistered workers, this is 
the segment with greater informality of the economy, as shown in a study by FGV/IBRE - 
Recent evolution of informality in Brazil17.

 Considering a net operating revenue of BRL169 billion and a total wage amount 
of BRL139.4 billion, we can extrapolate such amounts to include the 63% of informal 
market18, reaching the impressive amount of BRL 275.5 billion of net operating revenue at 
2014 equivalent to BRL 323.2 billion in December 2017 values, if discounted de inflation of 
period. 

 This is the potential market for services rendered to families in Brazil, with 4.7 million 
workers. 

 The increase of revenue would be around BRL 248 billion or an average of BRL 52.7 
thousand per worker. This amount is still most important if we consider the low income 
social stratum and, therefore, little marginal propensity to save, which contributes for 
increasing the circulation speed of the coin.

 Although it records transactions, the contracted amounts are freely negotiated and 
do not suffer reductions or rebates by commissioning, which enables service providers to 
offer lower prices and still increase their revenue.

7.4.2. Reducing operation costs 

 Centralized processes are inefficient. Crafty decentralizes all operations, which 
promotes the empowerment of the parties, but also reduces the operation costs of the 
structure, since there are no controls on transactions that occur under the platform, 
although registered.

 This is due to the fact that the back-office of the operation is and will continue to be 
very limited, restricting itself to any doubts or problems in the use of the application.

7.4.2.1. User acquisition costs  

 Launched in April 2016, Diaríssima was initially offered only to São Paulo, and it also 
began to operate in Campo Grande in July of that year. In January 2017 we expanded the 
offer to all of Brazil. 
 Today, with just over 20 months of operation, we have achieved the following results:

Downloads Android > 56.000

IOS >10.000
Users Contractors >12.000

Professionals >12.000

Geographic distribution Cities with operation >150

17Evolution of recent informality in Brazil, “An analysis according to the characteristics of labor offer and demand” (August / 12, Table 3 - page 12)
http://bit.ly/2zJ0VeW 
18There is no requirement of formalization to register as a user, although we encourage you to consider that it may be interesting from the point 
of view of the worker. 



crafty 

23

7.4.2.2. Conversion costs (CAC) – average 2017 

7.4.3. No entry barriers

 The parties involved, workers or contractors, may access and use the platform for 
free to identify opportunities to provide and contract services from a qualified database.

Download cost (Android/iOS) BRL 1.25 / USD 0.39
User (contractor / professional) BRL 3.52 / USD 1.10

7.5. Networked business model

 In a networked business model, we take to the digital world the personal relationships 
of hiring domestic services.

 At Crafty, what really matters is trust between the parties, which is strengthened 
by increasing reputation after each engagement, through the evaluations of both parties, 
both the contractor and the supplier.

 As a result, our users have access to our reliable network of contracting and providing 
professional services.

 The value of a currency is given by scalability (how much is accepted, exchanged 
hands and is used to mediate transactions) and security (how much it is trustworthy), that 
is, with each new transaction done in virtual currency, the network becomes more secure 
and with greater value.

8.1.	 Network	effect

 In economics and business, a network effect (also termed a network externality or a 
search for economies of scale) is the effect that a user of a good or service has on the value 
of the product to other users. When the network effect is present, the value of a product 
or service depends on the number of uses of other people.

 The classic example is the telephone. The more phones people have, the more 
valuable the phone becomes for each owner. This creates a positive externality because a 
user can buy a phone without the intention of creating value for other users, but ends up 
doing so in any way.

8. Token administration



crafty 

24

 Social media online works the same way, with sites such as Twitter, Facebook, and 
Google+, making it more useful as more users join.

 Over the time, positive network effects can create a movement effect as the network 
becomes more valuable and more people come together in a positive feedback loop.

 As a result, our users have access to our reliable network of contracting and providing 
professional services.

8.2. Evaluation remunerated

 As a way to further promote the network effect and reinforce the core aspect of the 
reputation enhancement system, users will have credited amounts withdrawn from the 
reserve fund when they register their ratings in a system we call “curation chain”.

 CFTY will be used to reward both contractor and worker with tokens.

 The process of mutual and remunerated evaluation also serves as a way to offer 
increased reliability, that is, the information is registered historically, which determines that 
the databases are dynamic and constantly updated.

 Evaluations and opinions of users registered in the system are validated by the 
following transactions, creating a human curation chain and guaranteeing data reliability 
in a collaborative and decentralized way. 



crafty 

25

9.1.  Operation structure

9.1.1.		Strategic-administrative

 The business is developed in a network and focuses on the user and their increasing 
satisfaction both in relation to the quality of the contracting carried out within the scope 
of the application and in what concerns the use of the Crafty currency.

 Management must, therefore, follow the network’s movements and position itself 
strategically, establishing lines of action and partnerships, as well as promoting the 
development of the ecosystem, protecting the supporters of external actions that may 
threaten the development of the business, resulting into losses for the users.

9.1.1.1  Token value

 The value of a currency is given by scalability and security.

•  Scalability is the measure of how much is accepted, that is, what its potential to be 
used as a medium of exchange to mediate transactions and, therefore, to change hands

•  Security ultimately has a close relationship to scalability and indicates how reliable 
the currency is.

 As a result, the more money is used, the more it strengthens and gains purchasing 
power, increasing the purchasing power of its users against other currencies.

 The currency value monitoring area is responsible for promoting the purchase value 
of the currency and ensuring the balance of the system, developing policies to combat 
weaknesses and, in particular, speculative attacks.

9.1.1.2  Target markets

 Expansion to other countries is already foreseen, but Brazil is, in principle, the 
launching country.

 As the system is already built to support other languages and even occupations of 
specific places, this will be an advantage for the supporters, since the market capitalization 
of the coins will be logically defined by the amount collected, implying that each new 
market achieved is a opportunity for increasing valuation.

9.	 Structure	&	Team



crafty 

26

9.1.2.		Alliances	and	user	satisfaction

 A decentralized product does not work in isolation, so we have included in the 
structure a specific sector with the function of seeking and promoting alliances with 
products, services, and companies that bring more value to the user experience.

 Professionals will be identified on the market to meet the need to partner with 
other companies so users can use loyalty system CFTYs to purchase products and services 
external to the Crafty environment.

9.2. Board

CEO	-		Reinaldo	de	Andrade	Silva

 Graduated in Computer Networks, entrepreneur in the technology area 
since the age of 25, an entity from which he left 2 years ago. Entrepreneur and 
investor of the Diaríssima, besides a student of crypto-coins.

CKO -  Normann Kalmus

 Economist, specialist in Knowledge Management (UFRJ), in Environmental 
Education (SENAC), project management in Logic Frame (BID) and Public Accounts 
(ESAF)

Invited	data	scientist	-	Daniel	Matte	Freitas

 PhD student in computer science (UNICAMP), focused on video facial 
recognition, using deep learning (TensorFLow and Python).
  Assistant professor of UFMS in topics of artificial intelligence, software 
quality, algorithms and data structure. Experience in C and C ++ solutions for 
electronic transactions used in more than 3 million devices inside and outside Brazil.

Full	Stack	Developer	-	Ricardo	Bessa	da	Costa

 Graduated in Computer Science (UNAES), postgraduate in information 
security (UNIDERP), DBA and infrastructure analyst, with more than 10 years of 
experience. Java, Python, C, PHP, PL / SQL, Oracle and PostgreSQL.
 

CTO - Alessandro Ferreira

 Master, Architect and Developer in C, C ++, PHP, Java, Python, Javascript 
and PostgreSQL, with experience in backend service, POS terminals, web systems, 
image processing, machine learning and financial transactions using ISO 8583. 
AI Researcher, Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Algorithm Analysis and Competitive 
Programming.



crafty 

27

Legal	-		Leopoldo	Fernandes	Silva	Lopes

 Business Lawyer, specialist in International and Economic Law at UEL - 
State University of Londrina, specialist in Digital Communication Law (FMU), 
former president of the OAB / MS Electronic Law Commission, writer, lecturer 
and lecturer in the area of ICT.

Community Manager - Igor Marcos Borges da Cruz

 Academic Software Engineering and advisor in blockchain, communities 
and ICO. Investor in crypto-coins and Community Manager at TrueFlip

Co-founder - Ricardo Mariano 

Singer and composer of the pair Munhoz & Mariano, partner-entrepreneur, 
investor and ambassador of Diaríssima.

iOS	Development	-	Vitor	Mesquita

 IOS Full-Stack Development Developer. Experience developing Android 
and iOS mobile applications and back-end applications in Rails. Development 
experience with more than 3 years.

Humberto Bijos

 Communication Coordinator

Web Development - Marcelo Mendes

 Graduated in Web Systems Development, postgraduate in Software 
Engineering, Systems Analyst.

Dafne Laupinaitis

 Back-Office

Joelma Araújo

 Back-Office



crafty 

28

10. Legal Aspects
10.1.  General information

 The Crafty Token (CFTY) does not have any legal qualification as an investment 
guarantee, as it does not give any right to dividends or interests.

 The sale of tokens by Crafty is final and non-refundable unless the minimum funding 
goal is not reached after the full term of the collective financing. In this case, the fees 
inherent to the return transactions will be borne by the token holder.

 The tokens provided by Crafty are not parties and do not entitle their holders to 
attend meetings and/or company meetings.

 Crafty tokens (CFTY) may not have a performance or a specific value outside the 
Crafty Platform. Therefore, Crafty tokens (CFTY) are not intended to be used for speculative 
or investment purposes.

 The Crafty token holder (CFTY) is aware that national securities laws, which regulate 
various types of investments and are subject to regulatory scrutiny for investor protection, 
are not applicable.

 Any person who acquires Crafty tokens expressly acknowledges and declares that 
he has carefully reviewed this document and fully understands the risks, costs, and benefits 
associated with your Crafty purchase.

10.2.  Expected knowledge

WARNING: DO NOT ACQUIRE CRAFTY TOKENS IF YOU DO NOT KNOW ABOUT 
CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS AND BLOCKCHAIN-BASED SOFTWARE SYSTEMS. 

  The supporter undertakes to view/have significant experience with crypto-coins, 
systems, and blockchain-based services, and understands the risks associated with 
collective financing as well as the mechanism related to the use of cryptography (including 
storage).

 Crafty is not responsible for any loss of tokens or situations that make it impossible 
to access them, which may result from any action or omission by the User or anyone who 
commits to Crafty (CFTY) shopping tokens, as well as in case of hackers attacks, because 
because is understood that the Crafty token holder (CFTY) have not only the expected 
knowledge, but also know how to use its associated digital wallets.



crafty 

29

10.3.  Associated risks with CFTY acquisition

 The act of acquiring Crafty cryptographic tokens (CFTY) and storing them involves 
several risks, in particular the risk that Crafty may not be able to launch its operations 
and develop its blockchain or provide the promised services. Therefore, before acquiring 
Crafty tokens (CFTY), any user should carefully consider the risks, costs, and benefits of 
acquiring Crafty tokens in the context of collective financing and, if necessary, obtain 
any independent advice, knowledge, and people that the user repute experienced in this 
matter.

 Any interested person who is not in a position to accept or understand the risks 
associated with this activity (including risks related to the non-development of the Crafty 
platform) or any other risks as indicated in the Terms and Conditions of their collective 
financing, shall not acquire Crafty tokens (CFTY).

10.3.1.	CRYPTOGRAPHIC	TOKENS	CAN	PRESENT	EXTREME	VOLATILITY	OF	VALUE	

 As stated above, Crafty tokens (CFTY) do not represent any kind of formal or legally 
binding investment.

 Cryptographic tokens that have value in public markets, such as the BTC, have shown 
extreme price fluctuations over short periods of time on a regular basis. A supporter must 
be prepared to expect similar fluctuations in the value of Crafty (CFTY) equivalent in BTC, 
products or services, fiduciary currencies such as United States Dollars (“USD”) or currencies 
of other jurisdictions. Such fluctuations are due to market forces and represent changes in 
the supply and demand balance.

 Due to different regulatory mandates in different jurisdictions and the inability of 
citizens of certain countries to open accounts on exchange platforms located anywhere 
in the world, the liquidity of Crafty tokens (CFTY) may be noticeably different in different 
countries and this is likely to be reflected in significant value discrepancies.

 By purchasing Crafty tokens, its holder acknowledges and expressly declares that 
it has fully understood that it may experience value volatility and will not seek to hold 
AZKLENY COMPANY S.A. liable for any loss or any special, incidental or consequential 
damages arising out of or in any way from the sale of Crafty tokens.



crafty 

30

10.3.2. Further considerations on risks involved in the acquisition and use of CFTY
 
 As mentioned before, the purchase of Crafty tokens (CFTY) implies some significant 
risks. Before acquiring it, the suporter must carefully consider the risks below and, as 
necessary, consult with an attorney, accountant, and/or tax practitioner before deciding 
whether to purchase a Craft token (CFTY).

 I) It is possible that the value of BTC / ETH falls significantly in the future, depriving 
AZKLENY COMPANY S.A. of sufficient resources to continue operating.

 II) The Crafty token (CFTY) will be stored in a digital wallet, which can only be accessed 
by the suporter. It is the sponsor’s responsibility to keep your access data secure.

 III) It is important to keep in mind that any third party who has access to the email 
linked to the suporter may eventually have access to their Crafty token (CFTY). Supporter 
must be careful not to respond to any inquiry, either by email, telephone or any other 
electronic means, about the purchase of Crafty tokens (CFTY), including but not limited 
to email requests purportedly from the website http://crafty.work or a domain of similar 
appearance.

 IV) Crypto-currencies have been the subject of regulatory initiatives by various 
regulatory agencies around the world. AZKLENY COMPANY S.A. and its affiliates may be 
impacted by one or more regulatory standards, inquiries or regulatory measures, which 
could prevent or limit AZKLENY COMPANY S.A ability to continue to develop its solutions.

 V) The supporter  acknowledges that the Crafty platform is currently under 
development and may undergo significant changes prior to release. Supporter 
acknowledges that any expectation as to the form and functionality of the Crafty 
platform owned by the suporter may not be fulfilled after its launch for any reason, 
including a change in the design and implementation and implementation plans for the 
implementation of the Crafty Platform.

 VI) Advances in code hacking, or technical advances such as the development of 
quantum computers, could pose a risk to crypto-coins, which could result in theft or loss 
of Crafty tokens. To the extent possible, AZKLENY COMPANY S.A. intends to update its 
protocols to incorporate best practices and additional security measures, but can not in 
any way anticipate the future of encryption or the success of any security updates.

 VII) As in other crypto-coins, the Crafty blockchain used for its mobile platform 
is susceptible to mining attacks, including, but not limited to, so-called “double-spend 
attacks”. Any successful attack on the Ethereum or Crafty network poses a risk to the Crafty 
Platform and its operations.

 VIII) The loss or destruction of a private key issued by AZKLENY COMPANY S.A. and 
used to access it may be irreversible. Loss of access to Crafty and your private keys or data 
loss related to Crafty may adversely affect the value of your platform.

21 Legally constituted company established in Montevideo, Uruguay            



crafty 

31

10.4. Important considerations

 This document should not and can not be considered as an invitation to enter into 
an investment. It does not constitute or relate in any way and should not be considered as 
an offer of securities in any jurisdiction.

 This document does not include or contain any information or indication that could 
be considered as a recommendation or that could be used as a basis for any investment 
decision.

 Craft Tokens (CFTY) are just utility tokens that can be used on the Crafty platform or 
partners and are not intended to be used as an investment.

 The offer of Crafty tokens (CFTY) on a trading platform is made to allow the use 
of the Crafty platform and not for speculative purposes. The offer of Crafty tokens on a 
trading platform does not change the legal qualification of the tokens, which remain a 
simple means of using the Crafty platform and are not a security.

 The Crafty company should not be considered as a tool that is based on advising the 
user on any legal, fiscal or financial matters.

 Any information in this document is provided for general information purposes only 
and Crafty makes no warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of this information. 
Crafty is not a financial intermediary under Uruguayan law and is not required to obtain 
any authorization for anti-money laundering purposes.

 The acquisition of Crafty tokens (CFTY) shall not grant any right or influence over the 
organization and governance of AZKLENY COMPANY S.A. to the Supporters.

 Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing business and operations associated 
with cryptography in the world. In this regard, regulatory measures, investigations or 
actions may affect AZKLENY COMPANY S.A. business and even limit or prevent it from 
developing its operations in the future.

 Any person who commits to acquire Crafty tokens must be aware of AZKLENY 
COMPANY S.A. business model, technical document or that the terms and conditions may 
change or need to be modified due to new regulatory and compliance requirements of any 
applicable law in any jurisdiction . In that case, supporters and any person who commits 
to acquire Crafty tokens (CFTY) acknowledge and understand that AZKLENY COMPANY 
S.A. or any of its affiliates shall be liable for any loss or direct or indirect damage caused by 
such changes.

 AZKLENY COMPANY S.A. will do its best to launch its operations and develop the 
Crafty platform.



crafty 

32

 Any company that acquires Crafty tokens (CFTY) acknowledges and understands that 
AZKLENY COMPANY S.A. does not provide any guarantee that it will be able to achieve it. 
They acknowledge and understand, therefore, that AZKLENY COMPANY S.A.(including its 
bodies and employees) assumes no responsibility for any loss or damage resulting from or 
related to the inability to use Crafty tokens (CFTY), except in case of intentional misconduct 
or gross negligence.

 The purchase of Crafty tokens (CFTY) is not permitted to resident or non-resident 
citizens as well as Green Card holders from the United States of America or citizens or 
residents of the Republic of Singapore.

 No regulatory authority has examined or approved any of the information set forth 
in this document. The publication, distribution, or disclosure of this document does not 
imply that the applicable laws, regulations or rules have been previously approved or 
consented to.

10.5. Guarantees
 
 By participating in the collective financing, the supporters agree to the above, and 
in particular:

 • with full content and agree to be legally bound by them; supporters are authorized 
and have full power to purchase Crafty tokens in accordance with the laws that apply in 
their home jurisdiction;

 • that living in a jurisdiction that allows AZKLENY COMPANY S.A. to sell Crafty 
tokens (CFTY) through a secure collective financing platform without requiring any local 
authorization;

 • that they are familiar with all relevant jurisdictions on which they are based and 
that the purchase of cryptographic tokens in that jurisdiction is not prohibited, restricted 
or subject to any additional conditions of any kind;

 • that they will not use collective funding for any illegal activity, including, but not 
limited to, money laundering and terrorist financing;

 • that have sufficient knowledge of the cryptographic tokens nature and have 
significant experience, capable of dealing with the complexities of technology that involves 
blockchain-based cryptographic tokens, currencies, systems, and services;

 • that have purchased or will buy Crafty tokens (CFTY) because they wish to have 
access to the Crafty platform;

 • that are not buying Crafty tokens for investment or speculative purposes.

10.5.1. Obligation to determine if the suporter may purchase CFTY in its Jurisdiction.

 The initial Crafty tokens offer refers to the sale and is made in accordance with 



crafty 

33

Uruguayan law. Such sale is conducted by AZKLENY COMPANY S.A., an Uruguayan 
company.

 Each potential supporter is responsible to determine whether they can legally 
purchase tokens under the laws of their jurisdiction.



crafty 

34

https://crafty.work

Visit



O valor da reputação.

crafty
The reputation value.


