













































cybertrust-whitepaper_231117_02.pdf


White Paper



White Paper

« «

A Gateway to Crypto Securitisation

We are institutionalising crypto markets by 
securitizing digital assets to build regulated, 

compliant financial instruments.

CABS Platform Limited  
Registration #: 113482, Gibraltar

E-mail: compliance@cybertrust.io

PLEASE NOTE, THAT THIS WHITE PAPER REPRESENTS A "WORK IN PROGRESS" AND IS SUBJECT 
TO FURTHER AMENDMENTS, CLARIFICATIONS, ASSUMPTIONS AND DISCLAIMERS PRIOR TO THE 

LAUNCH OF THE ITO, AS ANNOUNCED AT WWW.CYBERTRUST.IO. ACCORDINGLY,  
PLEASE ENSURE THAT YOU READ THE FINAL VERSION OF THE WHITE PAPER  

AT WWW.CYBERTRUST.IO PRIOR TO PARTICIPATE IN THE CABS TOKEN ALLOCATION.
ON A SEPARATE NOTE, WE RESERVE OUR RIGHT TO REFUSE TO ALLOCATE CABS TOKENS TO 

PERSONS THAT FAIL TO COMPLY WITH OUR KYC PROCEDURE AND/OR ARE PERSONS RESTRICTED 
TO HOLD THE CABS TOKENS, IN EACH CASE AT OUR REASONABLE DISCRETION. ACCORDINGLY, THE 

CABS TOKENS ARE SPECIFICALLY RESTRICTED FOR THE US RESIDENTS AND DOMICILED ENTITIES.



CONTENTS

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5

TOKEN ALLOCATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Terms of the ITO . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Allocation Process . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .8

MARKET DEMAND . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .12
Market Overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
Market Demand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
Solution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
Why CABS? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16

PRODUCT & PLATFORM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
Securitisation – How it Works? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
Token Use . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
Securitisation Structure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .20
Technology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Product Development & Use of Funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Timeline  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24

TARGET AUDIENCE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Competition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Sample Use Cases  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27

TEAM AND ADVISORS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
CyberTrust Team . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .30
Advisors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .30

LEGAL ASPECTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
CABS Token Concept  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Risk Factors  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
Legal Disclaimer  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .37

3



EXECUTIVE SUMMARY



EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

Despite the explosive growth that Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have experienced 
over the last several years, banks, family offices, pension and sovereign wealth funds and other 
institutional clients have all sat on the sidelines. Their reticence stems from several key inherited 
disadvantages: no titled/auditable ownership; clearing and settlement risks are abnormal; no 
process of judicial recovery; risk of theft via cyber security breach. 

We have solved these four problems with a solution to bring institutional investor capital to 
crypto markets via crypto asset securitisation. We offer a legitimate and simple way to acquire and 
manage such digital assets within existing legal, tax, compliance and IT frameworks.

Our product will open new doors for investment and is the missing link in the evolution of the 
crypto economy since we are removing the current barriers between old investment markets and 
the crypto market. Using securitisation, crypto assets become derivative financial products: Global 
Crypto Notes, which are legitimate and transparent from a compliance and legal perspective. These 
crypto asset-backed derivatives can be placed on the books of an organisation, can be audited, 
are inheritable and offer clarity on tax impact, in addition to reducing counterparty risk for clearing 
and settlement of crypto assets via traditional institutional framework.

Banks do not have the necessary IT infrastructure to manage private key security for crypto 
assets. By converting cryptocurrencies into derivative financial products, existing constraints can 
be bypassed to foster instant adoption of cryptocurrencies. This will effectively lead to an influx of 
large pools of institutional fiat capital, which is currently prohibited from financing the blockchain 
revolution.

The extra benefits and properties of crypto asset-backed derivatives highlighted above allow 
them to be traded at a significant premium to the underlying crypto, and - based on comparable 
benchmarks - premiums can reach up to 100%. If we take the closest financial product to what we 
are offering (Grayscale’s Bitcoin Investment Trust) as a benchmark, shares in their fund as of early 
October were traded at a 85-95% premium to the price of Bitcoin.

By informing the wider community about the large arbitrage (price difference between raw and 
legitimised crypto) that exists on markets currently and providing a way to exploit this arbitrage, we 
are looking to expand the crypto economy worldwide by providing anyone that wishes a chance 
to make the most of this opportunity. This is why we are offering a pre-sale of our securitisation 
service priced at 2-3% of the underlying crypto value via the initial offering of CABS tokens.

The fact that cryptocurrencies cannot be securitised without CABS means that CABS hold 
their own value. Their limited supply will ensure high demand.

We see great benefits to using a token generating event to raise capital, not only for ourselves 
as members of a developing community of crypto enthusiasts, but also in helping to grow the 
crypto economy by facilitating major capital inflow. As such, we are looking to expand the crypto 
economy and help it become the mega market that it has the potential to be.

5



TOKEN ALLOCATION



1 BTC

25 ETH

+

+

=

=

1 CABS

1 CABS

1 Securitised BTC

25 Securitised ETH

TOKEN ALLOCATION

Terms of the ITO

Pre-ITO Dates 29 November 2017 to 3 December 2017

ITO Dates 5 December 2017 to 5 January 2018

Closed Round 30 October 2017 to 10 November 2017 with possible extension

Token Type ERC-20 standard-based Ethereum token supporting up to 8 decimal places

Token Ticker CABS (‘Crypto Asset Backed Securitisation’ Token)

Website Link https://ico.cybertrust.io (‘Initial CABS Offering’)

Full ITO Terms http://www.cybertrust.io (White Paper)

Total Token Cap 600,000 tokens

Initial Allocation Cap1 Tokens allocated x 150% (= maximum 900,000)

ITO Total Quantity 500,000 tokens (3-hour Soft Cap: 350,000)

Base Price 0.6 ETH (≈0.024 BTC, 182 USD), equivalent to a ~2.4% securitisation premium

Accepted Currencies Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Bitcoin Cash (BCC/BCH), Ethereum Classic (ETC) 
 By arrangement: USD Tether (USDT), Swiss Francs (CHF) and Euros (EUR)

Reserve All net funds2 exceeding 35 million CHF equivalent

Token Buyback Price 50 USD (in ETH equivalent) or 0.2 ETH, whichever is less3

Benchmark Grayscale Bitcoin Investment Trust (BIT) shares, OTC securities quoted on the  
 OTCQX exchange. Net asset value of 1 GBTC share = 0.0923 BTC. Grayscale BIT  
 Securitisation premium for 1 BTC in Aug - Oct 2017 had a range of 1,474 - 5,950 USD  
 (0.26-1.1 BTC). The premium as of 3 Nov 2017 was approximately 3,100 USD.

Token Use 1 CABS Token entitles the holder to securitise 1 BTC or equivalent quantities  
 of selected other cryptocurrencies such as Ethereum or Bitcoin Cash, e.g.:

1 Starting in January 2018 additionally up to 8,000 CABS Tokens may be minted each month at the discretion of CyberTrust.
2 Net funds are defined as gross funds received minus 5%, to be published within 2 weeks of the ITO completion. Reserve value will be published 
regularly.
3 The reserve will be used to purchase tokens on the market at this price level. Tokens will not be purchased back directly from ITO participants 
and/or on a mandatory basis.

{ {

7



Allocation Process

In order to avoid problems encountered in previous oversubscribed token offerings, CyberTrust 
will employ the following procedure for the pre-ITO, ITO (Initial Token Offering) and reserve rounds 
(if applicable): To participate, go to https://ico.cybertrust.io.

In order to register, participants need to provide a valid email address and username. After 
confirming their email address, participants can obtain user-specific deposit addresses. 
Deposited funds may also be withdrawn again in whole or in part. For security purposes users 
wishing to withdraw more than 10 ETH equivalent will need to setup two-factor authentication.

Each round will start and close (if not oversubscribed prior to close) at 1pm UTC on the dates 
specified. During the first three hours of each token allocation, round participants may use 
their deposited funds to place bids for tokens; however, token allocation will not begin until the 
end of the 3-hour period. If the round is not oversubscribed, then all remaining tokens will be 
available on a first come first serve basis.

Should the round be oversubscribed, bidders will receive tokens proportional to the size of 
their bid. The exact timing of the bid placement within the first three hours is irrelevant. 

The minimum bid size during the ITO is 1 CABS Token, however fractional bids (e.g. 1.54 CABS) 
are permitted. For earlier rounds higher minimums apply.

If the number of subscribed tokens in the first 3 hours of the ITO exceeds the soft cap of 
350,000 tokens, then the allocation of the remaining 150,000 tokens will be postponed to the 
reserve rounds.

If participants bid for over 75,000 tokens in the initial 3 hours of the first reserve round, the 
remaining 75,000 tokens will be reserved for the second reserve round one week later. 

Depending on the round and the number of tokens bid for, volume bonuses will be applicable.

Participants who provide an invitation code will be credited with an additional bonus of 0.5%.

If the ITO total quantity cap is not yet reached, further rounds may be added. Quantity caps and 
Base Price indicated in the table below for each round may also be adjusted prior to the start 
of each relevant round subject to the results of the previous round(s). However, quantities to be 
allocated in any particular round will not be changed during the round itself4. Please note that 
prior to the actual allocation, CyberTrust reserves the right to amend any terms and conditions 
described here.

4  Tokens remaining undemanded after all rounds will be burnt.

8



# Dates (2017)
Minimum Bid  

(CABS)
Base Price5 

(ETH)

Effective 
Securitisation 

Premium6
Volume Bonuses7

Closed Round: 50,000 tokens + bonuses

1 30 Oct – 10 Nov

20,000 0.5 1.5% 30% (If frozen: 45%)

5,000 0.5 1.6% 25% (If frozen: 45%)

2,000 0.5 1.7% 20% (If frozen: 40%)

500 0.5 1.7% 20% (If frozen: 35%)

Pre-ITO: 50,000 tokens + bonuses

2 27 Nov – 1 Dec 10 0.6 2.0-2.2% 10/15/20% for 10+/200+/500+

ITO: 500,000 tokens + bonuses

3 5 Dec – 5 Jan 1 0.6 2.1-2.4% 5/10/15% for 200+/500+/2000+

Reserve Rounds (if applicable)
Up to 150,000 tokens + bonuses

4 12 Dec – 5 Jan 1 0.7 2.5-2.9%
5/10/15% for 200+/500+/2000+

5 19 Dec – 5 Jan 1 0.8 2.8-3.3%

Bonus/Reserve CABS Tokens

For every CABS Token allocated during the ITO, 0.2 additional CABS Tokens will be allocated 
to team members, early supporters, partners, agents, advisors and bounty participants. At the same 
time, 0.3 additional CABS Tokens will be allocated to the token reserve. Bonuses will be paid out 
of this reserve. Some of these bonuses will be time locked.

5  Prices in ETH for rounds 2-5 were adjusted on 2 Nov 2018 to reflect the change in the ETH/BTC exchange rate. CyberTrust reserves the right 
to adjust the base price during a round if the market value of 1 ETH falls below BTC 0.037.
6  Implied approximate securitisation premium (cost) which will vary slightly depending on the bonus tier obtained. Frozen token bonus tiers are 
not considered here.
7  Closed round participants who opt to frozen tokens will receive an additional 15-20% bonus as detailed above. In this case all tokens will be frozen. 
Tokens will be unfrozen as soon as the Platform becomes available, or in March/April 2018, whichever occurs earlier. Half of these frozen tokens will 
be unfrozen sometime during the month of March 2018, and half in the month of April. The volume bonus tier is based on the total quantity bid for, 
not the number of tokens actually allocated. Example: An ITO participant bids for 2000 tokens but only receives 1200. In this case the applicable 
volume bonus would be 1200 x 15% = 180 CABS Tokens. If applicable, the 0.5% invitation bonus would be 6 additional CABS Tokens.

9



Closed Round & ITO 67%

20%

13%

Cybertrust Foundation

Management & Bounty

Reserve & Token Buyback

The main purpose of the reserve is to protect CABS Token holders from force-majeure 
circumstances (including any CABS Token value fluctuations) following the ITO. The reserve will 
be among other things used to protect the token price by purchasing CABS Tokens. All net funds 
raised exceeding 35 million CHF equivalent will be used as a reserve until 31 December 2018 or 
until an ISIN for CABS Token-linked Global Crypto Notes or equivalent has been issued and the 
same are traded and settled via Clearstream Banking S.A., whichever is later. After the above date 
CyberTrust may at its discretion expand the use of these funds as working capital for securitisation 
pools and to other areas. The precise percentages held in each currency may vary at CyberTrust’s 
discretion. 

Timeline

Platform launch is planned for Q2 2018. By that time an ISIN for the BTC Global Crypto Note 
should be issued, traded and settled via Clearstream Banking S.A.

10



MARKET DEMAND



MARKET DEMAND

Market Overview

Products that are currently available on the market and provide exposure to Cryptocurrencies 
have major disadvantages compared to CyberTrust’s solution. They are either not credit remote 
and, therefore, expose investors to the credit risk of the issuer (e.g. notes issued by private banks to 
its clients) or provide indirect exposure to underlying assets, which exposes investors to valuation 
and liquidity risks (e.g. units of crypto funds or shares in companies which hold crypto assets).

For instance, Grayscale BIT8 created earlier this year has issued 1.87 million shares and has 
currently a total value of approximately US$1.3 billion. As of early October 2017, GBTC shares were 
traded with a premium of 85-95% over the value of the underlying BTC, i.e. at 185-195% premium 
to the current price of BTC. The premium as of 3 November 2017 was approximately US$3,100.

While Grayscale BIT offers the kind of the titled, auditable ownership which institutional 
markets demand, it only does so for BTC.9 Bitcoin Investment Trust currently has a market cap of 
US$1.4 billion and an additional US$1 billion is registered for placement.

Despite its 49% share of the total Cryptocurrency market BTC is consistently the lowest 
yielding asset amongst the top 10 Cryptocurrencies. For example, while BTC has risen over 300% 
in value in 2017 year-to-date, its nimbler nephew ETH racked up gains of over 3000%.

Although Grayscale BIT does have a U.S. based clearing, nevertheless, it cannot easily 
respond to market needs being a closed-end fund.10

These limitations were removed by CyberTrust via creating the CABS Tokens which would 
allow its holders the following key opportunities:

Enjoy the priority rights on getting a discounted securitisation premium (cost);

As priority members of the Platform participate in meeting the demand for securitised BTC, 
ETH, BCC/BCH and other Cryptocurrencies that will be subsequently added to the Platform, 
hich opportunities are described in more detail below.

8  https://grayscale.co/bitcoin-investment-trust/

9  Grayscale also has an ETC fund; however, at this point that fund is not yet publicly traded.

10  A closed-end fund is a collective investment model based on issuing a fixed number of shares which are not redeemable from the fund. Unlike 
open-end funds, new shares in a closed-end fund are not created by managers to meet demand from investors. For more details please go to: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Closed-end_fund. 

12



Market Demand

In 2016, Vitalik Buterin, the creator of the Ethereum blockchain, met with the Chairman & CEO 
of the largest banking group in Central Europe. This meeting led to the CEO showing an interest in 
blockchain technology, particularly in Ethereum. He was contemplating a substantial institutional 
investment into the Ethereum ecosystem. Three quarters later, after a 40-times explosion in the 
value of Ethereum tokens, the deal remained unfinished. Simply put, legal requirements, accounting 
restrictions, tax regulations, due diligence and the like made the investment deal unrealistic for any 
large institutional investor.

 
The key problems were the following: 

Cryptocurrency DOES NOT have titled/auditable OWNERSHIP;

CLEARING and SETTLEMENT RISKS are abnormal;

There is NO process of JUDICIAL RECOVERY in case something goes wrong; and

The RISK OF THEFT via cyber security breach.

CyberTrust invented a solution that is able to address these issues. Specifically, CyberTrust 
has created the Global Crypto Notes (GCN) each having a registered International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) so that the owners of a GCN will have the following advantages (as 
compared to the currently available solutions):

HOW is it currently done? WHAT solution is offered by CyberTrust?

ISSUE 1: No titled / auditable ownership rights or security claim on crypto

Crypto assets are not identifiable within fiat systems.

Crypto assets do not have titled rights usable by institutional 
investors.

Crypto assets cannot be audited at least by the Big Four 
accounting firms.

Crypto assets cannot be used as collateral within standard 
commercial bank frameworks.

GCNs have an ISIN and therefore:

GCNs have a titled security claim to the underlying 
crypto asset.

GCNs can be audited by the Big Four accounting 
firms.

GCNs can be used as a collateral within a regulated 
financial framework.

ISSUE 2: Risks related to clearing & settlement

All crypto trading is done via OTC or crypto exchanges like 
Bitfinex, Kraken, etc.

Both OTC and/or crypto exchange channels carry 
significant settlement and clearing risks.

GCNs will be cleared & settled via Clearstream 
Banking S.A., not through crypto exchanges. This 
means that any bank around the world, within t+3 
can get all titled rights transferred to the custody 
of their clients.

13



ISSUE 3: Judicial enforcement & recovery

Blockchain transactions are final and irrevocable regardless 
of what your legal contract states.

Crypto is not governed by any sovereign. While this may 
be desirable for some investors, it is fatal for ALL financial 
institutions.

The underlying assets for GCN are OFF-CHAIN. 
Within the custody period, GCN ownership can be 
frozen by Luxembourg courts.

GCNs are subject to Luxembourg sovereign 
governance.

HOW is it currently done? WHAT solution is offered by CyberTrust?

ISSUE 4: Theft Risks

Substantial risks exist while holding crypto assets. Holding 
may be made via:

Various PC/smartphone/online-web browser crypto 
wallets without independent hardware. Even though some 
may hold multi-million-dollar accounts, this is something 
that does not work for institutional investors.

Held in the custody of exchanges. Loss due to hacking is an 
ever-present risk.

Specialised Hardware Devices. However, your data can 
be destroyed by degaussing, reducing your investment to 
zero. And if the device has a recovery passphrase, that can 
also be stolen or compromised.

Paper Wallet. Pieces of paper which document the keys/
process for re-creating access to your Cryptocurrency can 
be damaged, destroyed, lost or stolen.

Licensed depository has legal obligation and 
financial responsibility for safekeeping clients’ 
assets.

All underlying GCNs are safely stored via specialised 
third party Cold Vault storage. Our provider uses 
a state of the art, best in the class sophisticated 
technical solution. They rent specially equipped 
facilities in multiple locations around the world for 
storage and cyber security protection.

Insurance on Hot Wallet transactions when moving 
crypto in and out of GCN custody.

Solution

CyberTrust has invested resources, time, and energy into creating a solution for the challenges 
described above and CyberTrust comes up with the following solution:

Turn Cryptocurrency into a secured claim

Create Global Crypto Notes (GCN), so that each owner of a GCN will have legal claim to the 
underlying crypto assets (e.g. BTC, ETH, BCC/BCH).

Incorporate three Special Purpose Vehicles (SPV): one each for BTC, ETH and BCC/BCH, which 
will issue the relevant GCNs.

11 https://xapo.com 
12 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clearstream, http://www.clearstream.com/clearstream-en 

14



Register the ISIN for each GCN.

Store all the GCN underlying Cryptocurrencies in a specialised cold vault secure facility provided 
by Xapo11 to secure the private keys, including insurance on all hot wallet transactions.

Clear and settle all GCNs within Clearstream Banking S.A.,12 known as the “bank of banks”, to 
permit safe and regulatory compliant trade clearing.

Audit the SPVs financials by Ernst & Young S.A., starting Q2 2018. The SPV administrator is a 
licensed Luxembourg entity Creatrust S.A.13

Create a token to fuel the securitisation process

Unlike Grayscale BIT, which is limited to two Cryptocurrencies only (BTC and ETC) and 
constitutes a closed-end fund, CyberTrust offers a key innovation: a token usable to increase the 
securitisation volume as needed to essentially securitise crypto “on-the-fly” – the CABS (‘crypto 
asset-backed securitisation’) Token©.

Receive custody and brokerage licenses

We are submitting applications for custody licenses to hold the GCNs created by the SPVs. 
Receiving this license will mean the creation of the CyberTrust asset management division, 
regulated and licensed in Luxembourg and will provide CyberTrust with the right to hold the crypto 
derivative assets and their further transfer into the custody of other banks.

Moreover, CyberTrust will initially apply for a brokerage license in Luxembourg to offer its 
clients brokerage services for their crypto asset-backed derivatives. The granting of this license to 
CyberTrust will provide the company with the right to offer brokerage services to clients for their 
legitimate crypto assets.

Accordingly, CyberTrust will become a crypto asset custody, trading and securitisation 
platform powered by the banks with the corresponding licenses and fully regulated within the 
jurisdiction of Luxembourg.

CyberTrust will then apply for the necessary licensing to operate within US, UK and Swiss 
jurisdictions.

13 https://www.creatrust.com, Address: 89E, Parc d’Activités – L-8308 Capellen - G.D. Luxembourg

15



Why CABS? 
 
The CABS Token serves three roles:

permits accredited investors to securitise major Cryptocurrencies at a ~2.4% premium (cost) to 
securitise 1 BTC, as opposed to paying a 50% to 100% premium to Grayscale BIT;

provides the broader public a priority on the size of this premium;

forms the basis for a community which would be interested to create and promote new synthetic 
and derivative crypto products.

16



PRODUCT & PLATFORM



PRODUCT & PLATFORM

Securitisation – How it Works?

The CyberTrust CABS Token will be issued as a standard ERC20 token on the Ethereum 
blockchain supported by all ERC20-compliant wallets.14 Let’s walk through an example of BTC 
securitisation process. Your steps will be:

Step 1. Open Account with CyberTrust 

Comply successfully with our KYC & AML requirements

Configure your safety settings

Step 2. Deposit your Cryptocurrency

Deposit the Cryptocurrency, which should be the underlying asset for the desired GCNs, e.g. 
BTC, ETH and/or BCC/BCH

You can also use CyberTrust as just custody for your Cryptocurrency (especially useful for 
those who just invest in Cryptocurrencies and are not actively trading them)

Step 3. Join the securitisation

By providing the CABS Tokens you can join an open Securitisation Pool (if available) with the 
deposited Cryptocurrency, or wait for an announcement of an upcoming Securitisation Pool

Indicate how many Cryptocurrency you want to securitise, provided that 1 CABS Token entitles 
you to securitise 1 BTC or equivalent quantities of other selected and deposited Cryptocurrencies

As the Securitisation Pool closes and e.g. the BTC GCNs are issued and credited to your account 
in exchange for the indicated amount of BTC and the relevant amount of CABS Tokens, BTC 
becomes the underlying claim for your BTC GCN

14 As a point of clarity, note that the use of an Ethereum-based token should not be misunderstood to imply that the CABS Token will be allocated 
in exchange for ETH only or that the CABS Token can only be used to securitise ETH.

18



Further optional steps with BTC GCN in your account

You can hold BTC GCN as a store of value investment with the open-ended option to redeem 
your GCN and get the underlying BTC back

BTC GCN can be sold on the financial market for fiat currency

We can (at our discretion) buy your BTC GCN and wire out fiat or buy BTC at the spot market 
and send you back BTC

If you are a qualified investor then you can use your BTC GCN to move BTC GCN out your 
CyberTrust account to your other broker account and trade as usual or to construct further 
financial products

We expect significant demand for crypto derivatives to evolve over time. The crypto 
securitisation model will be instrumental in the development and proliferation of structured products 
and crypto derivatives, such as Facebook equity denominated in BTC, Apple debt denominated 
in ETH, T-bills in BTC terms, etc. Futures and options on crypto assets based on GCNs will have a 
titled link to the underlying assets, thus fueling demand from institutional investors.

The global market for derivatives is estimated at five hundred (500) trillion US$. We estimate 
that crypto derivatives can capture at least a 1% of this market, which implies the equivalent of 
US$5 trillion of underlying crypto derivatives within five years.

Token Use

The right to convert one BTC into one BTC Global Crypto Note

Owners of CABS Tokens will have EXCLUSIVE RIGHT to convert their BTC into BTC GCN 
using our Platform. One CABS Token will be required in order to securitise 1 BTC.

The right to convert ETH and BCC/BCH into Global Crypto Notes at prices linked 
to BTC

CABS Token holders will also have the right to convert ETH and BCC/BCH into the corresponding 
GCNs. The number of CABS Tokens required will be calculated pro-rata depending on the relevant 
exchange rate with BTC as quoted by Bitfinex. The precise reference exchange may be changed 
at a later time at the sole discretion of CyberTrust.15

15  For example: if on the given date and time stamp the price of BTC = US$4000 while the price of ETH = US$400, then 0.1 CABS 
Tokens will be required to securitise 1 ETH.

19



6   WAVE TRUST
DUTCH FOUNDATION

 th

BTC 
SECURITIZATION

SARL

ETH
SECURITIZATION

SARL

STORAGE

Bankruptcy remote, special purpose vehicles

No debt, no operational activity

Sole purpose is to hold underlying crypto assets and issue 
“claim rights” that 100% reserved by underlying asset

Provides physical safety. All crypto assets are stored in a 
hyper-secure, underground, ex-military bunker in 
Switzerland

Provides technological safety via COLD VAULT: offline 
storage via XAPO

BTH 
SECURITIZATION

SARL

Securitisation Structure

20



Technology

CyberTrust will act as a traditional custodial bank for crypto assets in addition to offering 
brokerage services for the sale of Global Crypto Notes on OTC markets and major market places. 
In this respect CyberTrust’s approach is based on technologies and methods which have been in 
use by large financial institutes for decades. This includes various technologies and solutions such 
as:

in-memory data grids (IMDG)16 for scalability and performance;

network isolation for safety of private keys and sensitive data;

neural networks & machine learning for fraud and breach detection;

high client account security with features like multi-factor authorisation by SMS/voice/video and 
trusted addresses; and

convenient integration with existing financial market infrastructure: gateways to clearing and 
settlements (e.g. Clearstream Banking S.A.), gateways for market making at OTC17 market places 
(i.e. NASD Bulletin Board and others), etc.

As fully automated securitisation of Cryptocurrencies will go live in Q2 2018, additional services 
are expected to come online: forwards/futures, other derivative and structured synthetic products. 
These will be made available for corporate and private customers via various channels, including 
various online, mobile services and APIs.18

The basis for CyberTrust services is a custodial solution for cryptocurrencies. To protect 
deposited crypto from being leaked or stolen, all incoming transfers come to one-time/short-time 
accounts. Private keys of these accounts are generated inside a secure network and are exposed 
to blockchain nodes briefly to transfer crypto out.

To limit exposure in case of a smart-contract breach, the secure network will not immediately 
release private keys. Instead, most withdrawals are intentionally delayed, while urgent withdrawals 
(which will be a premium service) are handled from an insured “hot reserve”.

Additionally, clients will be provided with a “deep storage” feature where all related private 
keys are stored on detached hardware with strictly controlled data exchange and mechanically 
enforced isolation.

Every Cryptocurrency type supported by CyberTrust will have one separate legally registered 
crypto SPV. All securities (GCNs) issued by one particular SPV will have the same nominal value 
(type and amount of underlying crypto units). To reduce registration overheads and provide 
immediate use of CABS Tokens, a GCN issue must be registered in larger pools and in advance. 

16   
17  
18  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_programming_interface

21



Product Development & Use of Funds

Expansion Goals. All net funds received during the ITO will go towards further development 
of CABS Tokens, GCNs and the Platform in Luxembourg, UK and Swiss jurisdictions. Besides the 
current Luxembourg office, CyberTrust plans to add the following offices: Zurich (institutional sales), 
London (trading & research), Tallinn (IT/Blockchain) and Shanghai (trading desk, sales). CyberTrust 
intends to set legal and technical standards for crypto custodial services. This process secures 
crypto assets and provides titled ownership of crypto asset-backed securities with all necessary 
legal, tax, KYC, AML and regulatory features. As a consequence, these securities then provide 
access to liquid traditional markets with a significant reduction in trading settlement and clearing 
risks.

Minimum required.
system development, Ethereum front-end, front and back office automation. If sufficient funds are 
not received, all will be returned to the ITO participants.

Base Case.
able to offer gateways into Clearstream Banking S.A. and OTC markets. To commence GCN OTC 
distribution, we need working capital. Funds in the amount CHF15 million will enable CyberTrust to 
launch the first Securitisation Pool in BTC, ETH or BBC/BCH. Additional funds are required for the 
development of product distribution capabilities. This is important because a wide range of global 
institutional investors still have a low awareness of crypto assets or have imbedded misconceptions. 
Professionally explaining the benefits of CABS Tokens will require time, effort and capital. We plan 
to target family offices, hedge funds and sovereign wealth funds.

Advanced Scenario.
brokerage licenses in Luxembourg (other jurisdiction under review) and Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (CFTC) license in the United States. We plan to launch similar securitisation 
products for Litecoin, NEM, DASH, NEO, Monero, Stratis, and other selected Cryptocurrencies. 
Funds will be directed to both legal securitisation setups and OTC market making, as well as 
distribution to institutional direct sales teams worldwide. Activity at this level would require at least 
a Luxembourg bank custody license. This would allow CyberTrust to become a major hub and 
key financial institution connecting crypto assets and the fiat world. A wide variety of institutional 
investors and existing crypto holders will benefit from CyberTrust as a bridge between traditional 
fiat and crypto asset markets.

Reserve & CABS Token Buyback. Funds above CHF35 million will go into reserve. The 
main purpose of the reserve is to protect CABS Token holders from force-majeure circumstances 
(including any CABS Token value fluctuations) following the ITO. The reserve will be among other 
things used to protect the token price by purchasing CABS Tokens. All net funds raised exceeding 
35 million CHF equivalent will be used as a reserve until 31 December 2018 or until an ISIN for 
CABS Token-linked Global Crypto Notes or equivalent has been issued and the same are traded 
and settled via Clearstream Banking S.A., whichever is later. After the above date CyberTrust may 
at its discretion expand the use of these funds as working capital for securitisation pools and to 
other areas. The precise percentages of the reserve funds held in each currency may vary at 
CyberTrust discretion.

Token model. The model can be downloaded from GitHub. 

22



Financial statements (forecast).  In general, we separate the usage of funds into two major 
parts: operating expenditures (OPEX), which are those that are needed to sustain all business 
activities and capital expenditures (CAPEX) which are those that are needed to set up the business. 
According to our financial model we suppose that the total OPEX for 2018 will consist of the 
following major parts – hiring and salaries, business development, operational and other costs. 
CAPEX consists of IT infrastructure expenses, legal and regulatory costs, as indicated below:

14%Business development

5%Operational costs

5%Other

Legal and regulatory 34%

22%Hiring and salaries

20%IT infrastructure

Business development: marketing activities and promoting our product. We need these funds 
to inform the world about what we are doing and to attract the institutional capital that is looking 
for a way into crypto markets. For this we will participate in conferences and pitch to investment 
funds, in addition to creating partner projects and promotion via PR campaigns in business media.

Legal and regulatory: we need to have a custody and broker license to begin our banking 
activities in Luxembourg (CFFS). We are subsequently planning to acquire licenses from the CFTC 
and the Fed in the US, the FCA in the UK and in other jurisdictions.

IT infrastructure: back-end and front-end development of web and mobile applications, 
cybersecurity, hardware, cold storage facilities and IT maintenance.

Hiring and salaries: finding the right candidates for positions and payment to employees. We 
will open offices for asset management, analysis and trading.

Operational costs: office space in Luxembourg and Zurich (Switzerland) and computing 
resources.

Other: advisor and community bonuses, plus other miscellaneous costs.

23



Q2 2018
Integration to Clearstream via paying 
Agent. BTC, ETH and BCC/BCH Global 
Crypto Notes approved for clearing & 
settlement via a fully regulated bank and 
listed on OTC markets worldwide.

December 2017
Initial CABS Offering

Q2 2019 
Listing on Irish Stock Exchange

January 2018
CABS token lists on               and other

major crypto exchanges
      

Q4 2018 
First ETF fund: 2x BTC

Q4 2019
Banking & custody license,

brokerage and money
transmitter license

April 2017
Fund structure abandoned due to legal issues. 
Project restructured to direct securitisation 
instead

May 2017
Legal template for

securitisation finalised

June 2017
Pass-through tax structure via 
Dutch Foundations created

July 2017
Signed mandate with

SPV Administrator

August 2017
Engagement letter signed to appoint 
Ernst & Young as auditor

November 2017
Initial Token Offering Closed 

Round & Pre-ICO

September 2014
CyberTrust S.A. set up in Luxembourg

Crypto investment fund project triggered by
Ethereum investment opportunity

July 2016

Timeline

24



TARGET AUDIENCE



TARGET AUDIENCE

Competition

As touched upon in the “Market Demand” section, Grayscale BIT offers a competing product 
targeted at institutional investors, while others such as the Winklevoss brothers have proposed 
projects targeting retail investors. The Winklevoss Bitcoin Trust owned by the Winklevoss twins 
made an attempt to register BTC as an exchange traded funds structure (ETF). It was rejected by 
the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC stated that:

“First, the exchange must have surveillance-sharing agreements with 
significant markets for trading the underlying commodity [Bitcoin] or 
derivatives on that commodity. And second, those markets [Bitcoin markets] 
must be regulated”.19

In plain terms, the exchange where the underlying asset is traded needs to be linked with law 
enforcement and the underlying assets within the securitisation structure needs to be exchanged 
within the existing regulatory, settlement and judicial framework.

Some of the principal similarities and differences between the above-mentioned approaches 
are set out below.

Barry Silbert, Grayscale 
Bitcoin Investment Trust

Winklevoss Bitcoin Trust 
Bats BZX Exchange 

(never launched)

CyberTrust 
Open Securitisation Platform 

Description

OTC traded, closed-end fund ETF targeted at wider public  Open-end securitisation platform, 
allowing community participation

Titled / Auditable Ownership

Yes Yes Yes

Clearing & Settlement

Yes Yes Yes 

Jurisdiction

United States United States Luxembourg

« «

19 Source: https://news.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-investment-trust-1-billion-credit-suisse-wedbush/

26



Barry Silbert, Grayscale 
Bitcoin Investment Trust

Winklevoss Bitcoin Trust 
Bats BZX Exchange 

(never launched)

CyberTrust 
Open Securitisation Platform 

Cold Vault Technology

Xapo n/a Xapo

Tax Impact

United States Tax Laws / IRS United States Tax Laws / IRS CyberTrust Luxembourg SPV’s are 
pass-through tax structures

Pricing

On 31/08/2017, the market price of 
GBTC share was US$1,005 based on 
NAV. When fees are deducted from 
NAV, the value is US$432. Implying 

a price per BTC of US$10,005, and a 
premium per BTC of US$5,500

n/a
(was not approved)

BTC GCNs should be priced by the 
market at the level of GBTC shares 

minus volume discount

Sample Use Cases

CyberTrust allows the community to be involved in the development of secondary derivative 
products with conceivable structures. Here are a few additional sample use cases that the 
CyberTrust team is working on:

Client Benefits Structuring

Product & Size: US Treasury bills, synthetically denominated in BTC (US$50 million)

Undisclosed Middle 
Eastern sovereign 

wealth fund 

Fixed income portfolio diversification, for tail-end 
risk and reduction in volatility

USD risk and Central bank’s policy risk ruled out 
through trust in mathematical framework

Ability to audit, clear & settle
Ability to move to designated third party custody

Tax pass-through

Long BTC GCN futures, (50% 
margin reserves)

Long 10-year T-bills, 
with 2-times leverage
Holding via synthetic 
derivative structure

Product & Size: Amazon stock synthetically structured in ETH terms (US$20 million)

Paris based hedge fund 
Same as above, plus:

Long term view on Amazon, but not on USD (in the 
same time horizon)

Exposure to ETH

Long ETH GCN futures (50% 
margin reserve)

Long Amazon equity, 
with 2-times leverage
Holding via synthetic 
derivative structure

Product & Size: Google stock in BCH terms (US$10 million)

Undisclosed family 
office Same as above, plus:

Long term view on Google, but not on USD (in the 
same time horizon)
Exposure to BCH

Long BCH GCN futures 
(50% margin reserve)
Long Google stock, 

with 2-times leverage
Holding via synthetic derivative 

structure

27



The investment strategy of the structured products above seeks to neutralise US dollar 
and other fiat currency risks simultaneously buying futures in Global Crypto Notes. The strategy 
provides static exposure and does not try to time strengthening or weakening of either investment. 
These products offer a managed approach by which institutional investors are able to purchase 
traditional assets in Cryptocurrency terms. This approach differs from other investment vehicles 
that use fiat currencies for making asset purchases.

28



TEAM & ADVISORS



TEAM & ADVISORS

Evgeny Xata 
Managing director &  

Co-Founder

Evgeniya Gubar 
Head of Legal & 

Compliance

Tobias Seidl

Nick Lustiger 
Head of Institutional 

Sales

Pavel Shelldyaev 
Full Stack Developer

Marat Kichikov

Dan Permyakov 
Community Development

Scott Freeman 
CEO

James Kehagias 
Web Development Project 

Manager

Bill Delahunt

Art Arsenov 
Head of Design

Parker Fairfield 
Head of Operations

Adam Yates
Market Analyst & Editor

David Gorodyansky

CyberTrust Team

Advisors

30



LEGAL ASPECTS



LEGAL ASPECTS

CABS Token Concept

CABS Tokens are software with cryptographic elements that are a utility appliance for 
the Platform. The CABS Tokens are based on the Ethereum protocol and conform to the widely-
used ERC20 standard. The tokens have their functional utility only within the Platform and their 
application is conditioned by the need to develop an internal economy in the CyberTrust ecosystem 
that will establish transparent and fair relations among the community within this ecosystem.

The CABS Tokens are utility tokens and are intended to be used by their holders only for 
its designated purposes. The number of such purposes may be increased over time, including by 
means of adding new services and features available in exchange for the CABS Tokens.

The CABS Tokens are intended for experts in dealing with cryptographic tokens and 
blockchain-based software systems.

CABS Tokens are not securities in any jurisdiction. This White Paper does not constitute 
a prospectus or offer document of any sort, is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or 
a solicitation for investment, does not pertain in any way to an initial public offering or a share/
equity offering, and does not pertain in any way to an offering of securities in any jurisdiction. The 
CABS Tokens are not intended to be marketed, offered for sale, purchased, sold, or traded in any 
jurisdiction where they are prohibited by applicable laws or require further registration with any 
applicable governmental authorities.

CABS Tokens do not represent a loan to CyberTrust. The CABS Tokens are neither debt 
instruments nor bonds of any kind nor any other form of loan advanced to CyberTrust. Allocation 
of the CABS Tokens, whether through the ITO or otherwise, does not grant to token holders any 
right of claim on CyberTrust’s financial or any other assets.

CABS tokens do not grant participation in CyberTrust share capital or assets. The CABS 
Tokens do not provide token holders with any ownership or other interest in CyberTrust share 
capital or assets. Allocation of the CABS Tokens does not present an exchange of Cryptocurrencies 
for any form of shares in CyberTrust or CyberTrust’s assets, including intellectual property. CABS 
Token holders are not entitled to any guaranteed form of dividends, revenue distributions or voting 
rights.

CABS tokens are non-refundable. CyberTrust is not obliged to provide CABS Token holders 
with a refund related to the tokens for any reason, and token holders will not receive money or 
other compensation in lieu of the refund. No promises of future performance or value are or will 
be made in respect to the CABS Tokens, including no promise of inherent value, no promise of 
continuing payments, no guarantee that the tokens will hold any particular value or any buy-back 
obligations on CyberTrust.

CABS tokens require its holders to provide additional efforts. The CABS Token itself is not 
usable to get a GSN and the underlying Cryptocurrency should be provided by the CABS Token 
holder for participation in Securitisation Pools.

32



Risk Factors

The participation in the ITO and allocation of CABS Tokens involves a high degree of 
risk, including the risks described below. Before accepting the allocated CABS Tokens, it is 
recommended that each ITO participant carefully weighs all the following information and risks. 
By accepting the allocated CABS Tokens each relevant ITO participant is being deemed to have 
accepted the following risks:

The value of BTC or any other Cryptocurrency may go to zero. Although currently BTC is the 
most widely known decentralised Cryptocurrency and digital payment system,20 it may disappear 
and its value could go to zero.

Price difference between securitised BTC and BTC. As of the 30 August 2017, the market 
on the securitised BTC was trading at a significant premium to the price of the underlying BTC 
on the crypto markets. Although this premium may persist as demand from institutional investors 
grows, there can be no assurances or guarantees, expressed or implied, that such a premium will 
continue to exist. The same will apply to any other Cryptocurrency that may be securitised by on 
the Platform in the future.

Risk of hacker attacks & dependence on IT infrastructure. Dependence on functioning 
software applications, computer hardware and the Internet implies that CyberTrust can offer no 
assurances that a system failure would not adversely affect the use of CABS Tokens. Despite 
CyberTrust implementing all reasonable network security measures, its infrastructure is vulnerable 
to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, attacks or other disruptions of a similar nature. 
Computer viruses, break-ins or other disruptions caused by third parties may result in interruption, 
delay, suspension or outright termination of the Product/Platform operation, which would limit or, 
in some of the worst case scenarios, may put an end to the usability of CABS Tokens.

Value of the CABS Token could go to zero. The value of CABS Tokens could go to zero. 
CABS Tokens may be subject to a significant and wild volatility. CyberTrust cannot guarantee any 
specific value of the CABS Token over any specific period of time and cannot be held responsible 
for any change in the value of CABS Token.

Risks related to smart contracts. Smart contract technology is still in its early stages of 
development and its application is of experimental nature. This may carry significant operational, 
technological, regulatory, reputational and financial risks. Consequently, although an audit 
conducted by an independent third party increases the level of security, reliability and accuracy, 
this audit cannot serve as any form of warranty, including any expressed or implied warranty, that 
the CABS Token smart contract is fit for its purpose or that it contains no flaws, vulnerabilities or 
issues which could cause technical problems or the complete loss of the CABS Tokens.

Regulatory risks. Blockchain technology, including, but not limited to the allocation of 
CABS tokens, may be a new concept in some jurisdictions, which may then apply existing 
laws or introduce new regulations regarding blockchain technology-based applications. Such 

20  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin 

33



regulations may conflict with the current CABS Token smart contract setup and/or CABS Token 
concept. This may result in the need to make substantial modifications to the CABS Token smart 
contract, including its termination, loss of CABS Tokens and the suspension or termination of the  
Product/Platform operation and activities.

Tax risks. Receipt of the CABS Tokens may have tax consequences for the CABS Token holder 
and the holder understands that it is solely responsible for compliance with its tax obligations and 
CyberTrust bears no liability or responsibility with respect to any tax consequences to the CABS 
Token holders.

Execution risks. The CyberTrust team may not be able to reach the set Key Performance 
Indicators (KPIs) and milestones on expected dates. We have an ambitious task in front of us. KPIs 
like the registration of BTC ISIN, the contract with Clearstream Banking S.A. and start of clearing 
& settlement may take longer than expected. Moreover, Luxembourg may change its regulatory 
framework, which may adversely affect the developed legal and tax structure. All of the above may 
result in value of CABS Token going to zero or the Platform not being able to be launched.

Force majeure risks. CyberTrust performance may be interrupted, suspended or delayed due 
to force majeure circumstances. For the purposes of this White Paper, force majeure shall mean 
extraordinary events and circumstances which could not be prevented by CyberTrust and shall 
include: acts of nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics; 
lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage or other failures of energy supplies or communication 
service; change in legislation, court and/or governmental practices and approach, acts of municipal, 
state or federal governmental agencies and/or other circumstances beyond CyberTrust’s control, 
which were not in existence at the time of the start of the ITO. If such circumstances occur prior 
to the allocation of CABS Tokens and CyberTrust is unable to allocate all or some of the CABS 
Tokens within one month from the projected date, the escrow agent may issue a refund at the 
request of the affected CABS Token addressee. The refund will be issued in the original form to 
the same digital wallet or bank account from where the funds were received.

Risk factors not exclusive. Please note that the Product/Platform may be subject to other 
risks not foreseen by CyberTrust herein.

Legal Disclaimer

CABS Tokens – not for U.S. The CABS Tokens will be allocated to a particular ITO participant 
only if such participant covenants, represents and warrants that he/she is neither a citizen or 
permanent resident of the United States of America, nor does he/she have a primary residence or 
domicile in the United States of America, including Puerto Rico, the U. S. Virgin Islands, and any 
other possessions of the United States. In order for a CABS Token to be allocated to an entity, the 
authorised officer of such entity shall covenant, represent and warrant that none of the owners of 
the entity are citizens or permanent residents of the United States of America, nor do they have 
a primary residence or domicile in the United States of America, including Puerto Rico, the U. S. 
Virgin Islands, and any other possessions of the United States.

CyberTrust S.A. – allocation agent. Please note that CyberTrust S.A. (reg.no. 183210, the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) is not generating or selling any CABS Tokens, but is acting as the 

34



CABS Tokens allocation agent of CABS Platform Limited (registration number 113482, Gibraltar), 
which is the actual generator of the CABS Tokens. This effectively means that CyberTrust S.A. 
will in the course of the ITO allocate the CABS Tokens and receive the respective funds on behalf 
of and in the name of the said company. After completion of the ITO the CABS Platform Limited 
shall provide a grant to CyberTrust S.A. (out of the funds received in the course of the ITO) for the 
development of the Project/Platform and otherwise support the development of the CyberTrust 
ecosystem.

White Paper – not a legal instrument. The purpose of this White Paper is to present CyberTrust, 
the Product/Platform and the CABS Token to the potential holders in connection with the proposed 
ITO. The information set forth herein may not be exhaustive, this White Paper does not imply any 
elements of a contractual, partnership, joint venture or agency relationship between the author of 
this White Paper and the potential CABS Token holders. The sole purpose of this White Paper is 
to provide relevant and reasonable information to potential CABS Token holders in order for them 
to determine whether to undertake a thorough analysis of the CyberTrust project with the intent of 
acquiring the CABS Tokens.

CABS Token – product token. The CABS Token is a product token and is not a currency, 
security, commodity, or any other kind of financial instrument and has not been registered under 
the U.S. Securities Act, the securities laws of any state of the United States or the securities laws of 
any other country, including the securities laws of any jurisdiction in which a potential CABS Token 
holder is a resident.

No warranties. Certain statements, estimates and financial information contained herein 
constitute forward-looking statements or information which shall not be construed as a guarantee, 
warranty or representation of any kind. Such forward-looking statements or information involve 
known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events or results to differ 
materially from the estimates or the results implied or expressed in such forward-looking statements.

Governing language. This English version of the White Paper is the primary official source 
of information about the CABS Token. The information contained herein may from time to time 
be translated into other languages or used in the course of written or verbal communications 
with existing and prospective CABS Token holders, Platform customers, Product partners etc. 
In the course of such translation or communication, some of the information contained herein 
may be lost, corrupted, misinterpreted, misunderstood or misrepresented. The accuracy of such 
alternative translations and/or communications cannot be guaranteed. In the event of any conflicts 
or inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official English language 
White Paper, the provisions of this English language original document shall prevail.

35



DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATION



DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

The following capitalised terms are used in this White Paper. As many of them are new, 
and potentially confusing, we have attempted to put them into this alphabetised list and define 
for your understanding. Additionally, if they are specific terms created by CyberTrust, we have 
added © at the end of each defined term. NOTE: This is not a comprehensive list of definitions 
and interpretation rules and some of the terms are defined in the text of this White Paper and/or 
clarified and interpreted in the footnotes.

AML Anti-Money Laundering, refers to a set of procedures, laws or regulations designed to 
stop the practice of generating income through illegal actions .

Base Price The amount of funds provided by ITO participant in support of the Platform/Product 
(may be different for each ITO round), which is always matched by allocation of 1 (one) 
CABS Token to the relevant ITO participant .

BTC Bitcoin, a Cryptocurrency .

BCC/BCH Bitcoin Cash, a Cryptocurrency .

CABS Token© Crypto-Asset Backed Securitisation Token, which is a crypto/digital asset created by 
CyberTrust .

Cryptocurrency Digital asset designed to work as a medium of exchange using cryptography to secure 
the transactions, to control the creation of additional units of digital assets, and to verify 
the transfer of assets .

CyberTrust CABS Platform Limited (registration number 113482, Gibraltar), any of its affiliates, 
partners, agents and other authorised representatives (including the officers, employees, 
parent and subsidiary entities of any of the aforementioned persons) .

ETH Ethereum, a Cryptocurrency .

GBCH share The share in the Grayscale BIT, which is an OTC security quoted on the OTCQX exchange .

Grayscale BIT The Grayscale Bitcoin Investment Trust (https://grayscale .co/bitcoin-investment-trust) .

Global Crypto Notes 
(GCN)©

An ISIN security created by CyberTrust which gives claim rights to the underlying 
Cryptocurrency .

ISIN International Securities Identification Number, a number which uniquely identifies a 
security, as defined in ISO 6166 . It’s a 12-character alpha-numerical code that serves 
for uniform identification of a security through normalisation of the assigned national 
number, where one exists, at trading and settlement .

ICO or ITO “Initial CABS Offering”, i .e . Initial allocation of CABS Tokens, which constitutes 
unregulated means of providing Cryptocurrency to CyberTrust in support for the 
development of the Platform/Product .

KYC Know Your Customer, is the process of a business identifying and verifying the identity 
of its clients .

Product or Platform The platform and its proposed and/or future products created by CyberTrust (CyberTrust 
ecosystem) that are described in more detail in the section “Product & Platform” of this 
White Paper .

Securitisation Pool An event that will allow the token holders to commit an amount of Cryptocurrency 
that they wish to securitise, which event will be limited in time and aggregate volume 
of commitments, as shall be further detailed by a public announcement via www .
cybertrust .io .

37



Special Purpose 
Vehicle (SPV)

A type of corporate entity or limited partnership created for a specific transaction or 
business, especially one unrelated to the parent company’s main business. Their losses 
and risks generally are not recorded on the parent company’s balance sheet. The SPV 
is usually a subsidiary company with an asset/liability structure and legal status that 
makes its obligations secure even if the parent company goes bankrupt.

Any reference in this White Paper to:

“assets” of any person means its present and future assets (tangible, intangible and digital), revenues (including 
any right to receive revenues), business, undertaking, property and rights of every 
description;

the words “include” 
and “including”

shall be construed always without limitation and general words shall not be given a 
restrictive meaning by reason of the fact that they are followed by particular examples 
intended to be embraced by such general words;

“law” or “legislation” shall be construed as any law (including common or customary law), statute, constitution, 
decree, judgment, treaty, regulation, directive, bye-law, order or any other legislative 
measure of any government, supranational, local government, statutory or regulatory 
body or court;

“person” shall be construed as a reference to any person, firm, company, corporation, government, 
state or agency of a state or any association or partnership (whether or not having 
separate legal personality) of two or more of the foregoing; and

“tax” shall be construed so as to include any taxes (including interest or penalties thereon) 
which are now or at any time hereafter imposed, assessed, charged, levied, collected, 
demanded, withheld or claimed by any taxing authority of any jurisdiction.

38



Thanks for your attention

CYBERTRUST.iO

https://ico.cybertrust.io

	CONTENTS
	EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
	TOKEN ALLOCATION
	MARKET DEMAND
	PRODUCT AND PLATFORM
	TARGET AUDIENCE
	TEAM AND ADVISORS
	LEGAL ASPECTS
	DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

