












































 

 

CyberMiles:  Empowering the Decentralization 
of Online Marketplaces 
 
 
Project white paper v1.0 
 
 

September 2017 
 
In collaboration with 5miles LLC 
 

 
  



 

        

2 

 
Disclaimer 
 
This is a conceptual document (“White Paper”) describing our proposed CyberMiles platform and 
CyberMiles tokens. It may be amended or replaced at any time.  However, there is no obligation to 
update the White Paper or to provide the recipient with access to any additional information. 
 
Readers are notified as follows: 
 
Not available to all persons:  the CyberMiles platform and CyberMiles tokens are not available to all 
persons.  Participation may be subject to a range of steps, including the need to provide certain 
information and documents. 
 
No offer of regulated products in any jurisdiction:  CyberMiles tokens (as described in this White 
Paper) are not intended to constitute securities or any other regulated product in any jurisdiction. This 
White Paper does not constitute a prospectus nor offer document of any sort and is not intended to 
constitute an offer or solicitation of securities or any regulated product in any jurisdiction. This White 
Paper has not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in any jurisdiction. 
 
No advice: this White Paper does not constitute advice in relation to whether you should participate in 
the CyberMiles platform or buy any CyberMiles tokens, nor should it be relied upon in connection with, 
any contract or purchasing decision.    
 
No representations or warranties: No representations or warranties are made as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information, statements, opinions or other matters described in this document or 
otherwise communicated in connection with the project.  Without limitation, no representation or warranty 
is given as to the achievement or reasonableness of any forward-looking or conceptual statements. 
Nothing in this document is or should be relied upon as a promise or representation as to the future. To 
the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, all liability for any loss or damage whatsoever (whether 
foreseeable or not) arising from or in connection with any person acting on this White Paper, or any 
aspect of it, notwithstanding any negligence, default or lack of care, is disclaimed.  To the extent liability 
may be restricted but not fully disclaimed, it is restricted to the maximum extent permitted by applicable 
law. 
 
English version prevails: this White Paper is provided in an official English version only. Any translation 
is for reference purposes only and is not certified by any person. If there is any inconsistency between a 
translation and the English version of this White Paper, the English version prevails. 
 
Other companies:  other than the CyberMiles Foundation Limited (“Foundation”) and 5miles LLC 
(“5miles”), the use of any company and/or platform names and trademarks does not imply any affiliation 
with, or endorsement by, any of those parties.  References in this White Paper to specific companies and 
platforms are for illustrative purposes only. 
 
You must take all necessary professional advice, including in relation to tax and accounting 
treatment.  We hope the CyberMiles project will be highly successful.  However, success is not 
guaranteed and digital assets and platforms involve risk.  You must assess the risks and your 
ability to bear them. 

  



 

        

3 

 

Table of Contents 
 
Summary           4 
 
Vision and Motivation         5 
  
 
CyberMiles and 5miles Background        7 
 The CyberMiles Blockchain Protocol and CyberMiles Token     
 
Potential CyberMiles Applications on 5miles      9 
 A marketplace that never goes down 
 Community-based conflict resolution 
 User-generated & user-curated 5miles Groups  
 Local promotions & brand ambassadors 
 Marketplace “leads” bidding 

Shared advertising revenue 
 Democratic community management 
 
CyberMiles Beyond 5miles         15 
 A more efficient supply chain 
 Addressing the counterfeit problem 
 Automatic escrow 
 
CyberMiles Foundation         17 
 Governance goals 
 Research goals 
 Development goals 
 Mandate and long-term goals 
 
CyberMiles Token Issuance         19 
 
The CyberMiles Team          22 
 
Project Milestones          24 
 
  



 

        

4 

 

1. Summary 
 
CyberMiles Foundation Limited (“CyberMiles Foundation”), is a company limited by guarantee 
to be incorporated in Hong Kong and governed in a not-for-profit manner.  It will work closely 
with 5miles LLC (“5miles”), with the aim of supporting foundational research into blockchain 
technologies, and to develop a new blockchain protocol that is well-suited for supporting 
business contracts and transactions.  The aim is to implement the CyberMiles protocol on a 
public network, with the CyberMiles Foundation involved in assisting the governance of the 
decentralized platform, with strong involvement by members of the ecosystem.  Our vision for 
the future is a public network that provides secure and trusted business services for its 
members, by its members.  All small businesses should be able to use the services provided by 
this network to support contracts and transactions.  
 
5miles plans to gradually migrate its sellers and buyers, as the first group of users, onto the 
decentralized network.  In other words, 5miles’s marketplace platform will be one of the first 
environments to utilize the network as a back-end service and jumpstart the ecosystem.  Once 
the network reaches a critical mass, its own network effects, strengthened by incentives 
provided by the CyberMiles Token (“CMT”), are expected to be applied to other partner 
platforms and marketplaces, driving CyberMiles’ development as a market-leading blockchain 
protocol for commercial and marketplace applications. 
 

5miles 
 
5miles is a leader in consumer-to-consumer (“c2c”) e-commerce in the United States.  Its 
flagship application, the 5miles app, has over 10 million registered American users, and is 
estimated to surpass $3 billion in total transaction value in 20171.  The 5miles app is rated a top 
10 shopping application in the United States2.  On average, 5miles users spend 24 minutes per 
day on the app, making it easily one of the most engaging e-commerce apps in the US 3.   
 
5miles has been active in the research and development of blockchain technologies.   We 
believe that blockchain technologies could provide natural solutions to common problems in a 
c2c e-commerce network.  For example, the blockchain network’s mechanism for reaching 
consensus amongst non-cooperative strangers (that is, reaching the Nash equilibrium of the 
network) is a key feature that could allow c2c sellers and buyers to reach agreements, and 
hence greatly reduce the cost associated with customer support and dispute resolutions.  The 
blockchain network’s digital token could provide a very efficient in-network settlement 
currency, and greatly reduce transaction costs.  It could also act as a springboard for members 
of the community to create their own initiative, creating a strong network effect.  The 
blockchain network’s decentralized computing infrastructure could ensure that the 

                                                      
1 Company’s internal BI data; Transaction value based on estimated gross merchandise value. 
2 https://www.similarweb.com/apps/top/google/app-index/us/shopping/top-free 
3 Google Analytics July 2017 data for largest market, Dallas.  Two-year average for total network is over 22 mins 



 

        

5 

marketplace will never go offline, and significantly reduce certain operator’s IT expenses.  
Furthermore, blockchain technology could facilitate and even automate business transactions 
through the use of smart contracts and an immutable ledger. 
 

2. Vision and Motivation 
 
For much of modern civilization, commerce was a relatively decentralized and localized form of 
human interaction.  People would purchase their produce from local farmers’ markets, their 
meats from local butchers, and other necessities from familiar shops.  Social communities were 
small enough where decisions underlying such interactions were based on previous positive 
interactions, or referrals (word of mouth) from trusted parties like neighbors and friends.   
 
With the advent of greater transportation as well as vast improvements in communications, 
developed markets have undergone urbanization, then suburbanization, and ultimately, super-
urbanization.  Societal communities have become much more dynamic and far-reaching than in 
the past.  As a result, the typical network of market participants has evolved to become much 
more fluid and ever-changing, with incoming and outgoing participants.  Naturally, the modes 
of commerce and marketplace relationships have significantly changed, from decentralized 
interactions and information flow, to a greater reliance on centrally-managed information flow 
(TV media, digital advertising, etc.) 
 
This environment has favored the largest players, from big box retailers like Walmart, to e-
commerce giants like Amazon. These players have accumulated the scale advantages that 
allowed them to achieve greater efficiency through centralized procurement, marketing, and 
distribution.  But while efficient, these giants of commerce and retail are completely centralized 
operations focused on selling new, standardized products.  Combined with the huge increase of 
trade from low-cost manufacturing companies, the new model of retail and e-commerce 
brought lower prices to consumers, but we believe that the constant influx of new products, 
combined by the vast amounts spent on marketing and advertising to convince consumers to 
buy these products, has resulted in a wasteful society where unused or lightly used products 
are either taking up space in our homes or exist as waste in landfill.   
 
Certain platforms that allow c2c trading have harnessed the internet to better connect buyers 
and sellers. They encourage the resale of products across different categories and geographic 
markets.  However, these platforms are also centrally managed, running all the functions such 
as listings review, dispute resolution, payments, and allocation of user traffic.  As a result of 
centralizing all these functions and limiting payment solutions to a handful of providers, the 
total costs of conducting business can be as high as 15% of the merchandise value 4.  
Furthermore, in pursuit of greater scalability on its centralized functions, many of the products 
sold such platforms often come from larger, more established merchants, selling products with 
larger inventory. 

                                                      
4 https://www.fees.ebay.com/feeweb/feecalculator; total fees include Paypal fees of ~3.0% 

https://www.fees.ebay.com/feeweb/feecalculator


 

        

6 

 
From its formation in 2014, 5miles has set out to establish a very different kind of marketplace, 
one that was built to enable truly c2c transactions and unlock value from pre-existing 
merchandise.  Its platform is completely mobile-based, enabling real-time, location-specific 
communication to finalize deals amongst friends and strangers alike in a safe environment.  
Due to its market-by-market focus, 5miles has also been an important tool for many local 
businesses, who otherwise would have been closed out from online marketing, which usually 
favors businesses with deeper pockets and advanced technical capabilities to run online 
campaigns.  All users, from casual shoppers to business accounts, have unique user profiles, 
peer ratings and reviews, ensuring that good marketplace participants would naturally garner 
more interest and business on 5miles.   In essence, 5miles has been building an online 
ecosystem that leverages geographic proximity between users to create vibrant marketplaces. 
 
From its vantage point of a c2c marketplace operator, 5miles is a strong believer that 
blockchain-based technology and decentralized processes can further revolutionize online 
marketplaces and local commerce.  5miles has seen that economic incentives, when 
transparent and properly implemented, motivate people to be active and good participants in a 
community.  If those incentives can be earned throughout the various processes that run a 
marketplace and online community, then many marketplace functions that are currently 
centralized can be done in a decentralized manner, powered by the communities’ own 
members.  This strengthens the participation and creativity of its marketplace participants, 
while at the same time allowing the network to become even more dynamic and scalable.   
 
Decentralized processes offer an exciting vision of a world in which all participants can shape 
and govern their own marketplace communities, where productive behaviors and active 
participation is recognized and rewarded.  In building this future, 5miles is working closely with 
the CyberMiles Foundation, and in this paper, they present their vision for CyberMiles, a new 
blockchain protocol with scalable solutions specifically designed for marketplace applications. 
 

  



 

        

7 

3. CyberMiles & 5miles Background 
 
CyberMiles is the blockchain technology being developed by CyberMiles Foundation, a 
blockchain research laboratory working closely with 5miles.  5miles was formed in 2014 by a 
world-class team from China and the US. Since its inception, 5miles has since raised 
approximately USD 62 million from top-tier investment firms such as SIG, IDG, Morningside, 
and Blue Lake.  Since the launch of its app in 2015, 5miles has already established itself as a Top 
10 shopping app, with more than 12 million users and USD 3 billion in annual transaction value.  
Its founding CEO, Dr.  Lucas Lu, was previously a co-founder and CTO of Light In the Box, a 
company which went public on the NYSE.  Before that, Lucas was the first GM of Alibaba’s 
Taobao Mobile platform. 
 
SimilarWeb’s August 2017 rankings for top shopping apps by usage5: 
 

 
 
5miles proposes to be the initial ecosystem to apply real-world applications of the blockchain 
solutions that the Foundation is developing.  CyberMiles is the blockchain protocol that will 

                                                      
5 https://www.similarweb.com/apps/top/google/app-index/us/shopping/top-free 



 

        

8 

underpin these solutions, and CMT aims to be the fuel for transactions, and serve to incentivize 
participants in the ecosystem. 

 

The CyberMiles Blockchain Protocol and CyberMiles Token 
 
CyberMiles is a new blockchain protocol being developed and specifically designed and 
optimized for business and marketplace applications.  The “fat protocol” will consist of a 
blockchain based “virtual machine” and defined modules of middle-layer software stacks, which 
operate outside the chain to support decentralized processes governed by smart contracts 
implemented on the network.   
    
CMT is the native crypto token currency being created to be integrated with and used on the 
CyberMiles network, and on partner platforms running its applications.   
 
Initially, CMT is proposed to be issued and implemented on the public Ethereum blockchain as 
an EIP-20 compliant token.  The CyberMiles protocol aims to be developed on the Ethereum 
blockchain, as well as integrating with other base-layer chains in-development. This includes 
the possibility of CyberMiles utilizing its own proprietary blockchain.  In the future, depending 
on the efficiency improvements of the Ethereum blockchain, and the development of 
CyberMiles’s own proprietary blockchain, the initial CMT based on EIP-20 may be replaced on a 
1:1 basis with CMT issued on CyberMiles’s blockchain.   
 
Our aim is for CMT to serve the following purposes: 
 

1. To reward and incentivize community members to contribute computing power and 
maintain the integrity of the network.  Examples of such services could include running 
network nodes, validating transactions, and executing smart business contracts.  When 
e-commerce market participants, such as sellers, buyers, and marketplace makers, 
utilize the network services, they would provide CMTs to network maintainers. 

 
2. To incentivize community members to provide value-add services, such as peer-to-peer 

customer support and conflict resolution services.  The service provider could receive 
CMT from other members in the community after a consensus is reached. 

 
3. To facilitate transactions within the network.  Processes and interactions throughout the 

supply chain, as well as between buyers and sellers, could be recorded in CMT.  That 
could potentially greatly reduce the cost of transactions and friction on the network. 

 
In order to create the CyberMiles e-commerce ecosystem, substantive research and 
development into blockchain technology itself is needed.  Already, 5miles has developed a 
novel blockchain protocol to support complex business transactions, known as ”smart business 
contracts”, in blockchain networks, with CMT to be the native token for this new blockchain 
protocol.  This new blockchain protocol is further detailed in the CyberMiles Technical 



 

        

9 

Whitepaper available at ( https://cm.5miles.com/file/Technical%20White%20Paper.pdf ).  
Interested technical readers are encouraged to read further, and join the open source 
development community for CyberMiles. 

 

4. Potential CyberMiles Applications - 5miles Case Study 
 
5miles’ app is expected to be one of the first commercial applications to utilize the CyberMiles 
blockchain network.  In this section, we discuss specific application scenarios and features that 
would be enabled by our proposed decentralized CyberMiles blockchain solution, and contrast 
them with a typical centralized c2c e-commerce marketplace.  The CyberMiles blockchain 
protocol has a built-in mechanism through its tokens to help non-cooperative network 
participants reach the Nash Equilibrium consensus. 
 

A marketplace that never goes down 
 
One of the key advantages of a decentralized network is the high availability of network 
services.  It is resistant to data center failures.  As long as some network nodes are running, the 
network services will be available – although the service capacity or bandwidth may fluctuate. 
 
Today’s c2c marketplace apps depend on centralized servers and IT departments for back-end 
services.  If the data center goes down, the marketplace will cease to function.  In the 
CyberMiles blockchain network, computing power and business services can all be provided by 
members of the community.  And hence, the network service is more resilient to failures. 

 

Community-based conflict resolution 
 
The economic incentives introduced by CMT could provide a means for community-based 
conflict resolution.  This would save a marketplace operator, such as 5miles, the need for 
employing and maintaining a team of customer service agents for resolving potential conflicts 
between buyers and sellers.  Subject to appropriate governance controls, volunteers in the 
community could now be arbiters, and could use transactional data recorded transparently in 
the blockchain to make judgements.  This would work as follows: 
 

• When a buyer and a seller enter into an agreement, they could each put up an equal 
amount of CMT as a deposit for the transaction.  If there is no dispute after the 
transaction completes, each of them will automatically get back their tokens through a 
smart business contract, or the CMT could act as a settlement currency.    

 

• If a dispute does occur, however, the network would automatically ask a pool of service 
providers to bid to become an “arbiter”.   

 

https://cm.5miles.com/file/Technical%20White%20Paper.pdf


 

        

10 

• The arbiter, once accepted by both parties, would work with both the buyer and seller 
off the blockchain to resolve the conflict.  Subject to compliance with data protection 
rules, they would have full access to the transaction details.   

 

• Once the arbiter makes a decision, the losing party would forfeit their deposited CMT to 
the arbiter.  The arbiter’s decision would be final, as this would have been pre-agreed by 
both parties. 

 
In this case, the service would be provided entirely by the members of the network community, 
and the service providers are compensated with CMT.  So, the value created by the network 
could be represented in digital form, in CMT.  The marketplace operators could focus on their 
core competencies and eliminate the cost, energy and time associated with dispute resolution. 

 

User-generated & user-curated “5miles Groups”  
 
5miles has plans to introduce user-generated forums and sub-communities (“Groups”) within 
the platform.  These 5miles Groups would focus on common interests (like “Fashionistas of 
Dallas”, or “Vintage Cars Forum”) or by affiliation (church groups, school districts, universities, 
etc.), and can be used to plan events and exchange ideas.  However, for traditional platforms, 
managing user forums is a difficult task, as centrally-managed forums lack local authenticity and 
flexibility. 
 

CyberMiles could contain smart-contract modules to enable 
and incentivize the marketplace participants to form and 
manage these sub-communities.  Network members can use 
a certain amount of CMT to propose and establish a new 
Group.  To join a particular Group, participants pay 
“membership dues” in CMT, with part of the proceeds 
utilized by a Group moderator.  Businesses or participants 
who want to promote their products or businesses to 
members of these Groups would have to pay an access fee 
(determined and governed by smart business contracts), and 
members could also use CMT to facilitate events (like school 
fundraisers, etc.).  Groups with the highest amount of 
participation will rank highest and receive more prominence 
within the 5miles community. 
 
 

 
  

Dallas Fashionistas Party: 12/1

12345 Sunny Trails, Dallas, Texas

10 CMT to Join



 

        

11 

Local Promotions and Brand Ambassadors 
 
As a local marketplace, focused on achieving very high user density in each of its markets, 
5miles has naturally attracted a large number of local businesses, including service providers, 
retailers and resellers, restaurants, and free-lance professionals.  For many of these business 
users, 5miles is their “online storefront”, and their preferred channel for local marketing.   
 
Illustrative example of CMT based promotions: 

 
The CyberMiles community and 5miles could together 
develop smart-contract based solutions to enable highly-
targeted, real-time promotions for businesses.  To 
illustrate a potential scenario: 
 
1)  Business (or service provider) uses CMT to transmit 
special promotions (digital coupons) to relevant users 
within a certain radius  
 
2)  Users with the digital coupons who make a purchase 
from the business under the terms stipulated in the smart-
contract receive the designated number of CMT as a form 
of coupon/discount.   
  
3)  No changes to standard prices, point-of-sales systems, 
or marketing materials required for the business to 
conduct these highly targeted promotions. 
 
 
 

 
Furthermore, the CyberMiles could facilitate smart-contracts for key influencers within the 
5miles the ecosystem, so as to promote positive experiences they have had with local 
businesses.  Many 5miles users have hundreds of “followers” on 5miles, and they also have 
significant social media presence.   
 
5miles could introduce a user reviews page called “5miles Experiences” that allows users to 
post pictures of products they’ve purchased or interactions they’ve had with businesses in 
5miles.  CMT could be transferred from the business to the “brand ambassador” based on the 
number of views or likes that are generated by the post.     
 
  

Promotions

19 Hair Salon deals now

Innovative Hair Co.
78978 Heartside Ave, Addison, TX

Discount:                       8 CMT



 

        

12 

Illustrative examples of influencers sharing 5miles Experiences: 
 

 

                   

 

Marketplace “leads” bidding 
 
As a social network centered around local commerce, 5miles is uniquely well-suited to match 
supply and demand for goods and services, and CyberMiles’ solutions could fuel the next-
generation of features to better connect “sellers” with the most relevant “buyers”.  For 
example, we expect many car dealers or auto mechanics would like to reach out to the daily 
volume of approximately 12,000 active car buyers on 5miles, and many moving companies 
would like to reach out to users buying large furniture.   
 
On traditional marketplaces, sending messages or pop-up notifications to those users may be 
intrusive and disruptive.  However, a potential solution could be: 

• merchants & service providers use CMT to bid to transmit messages 

• relevant users receiving messages can choose to accept and view the messages, and 
receive a certain allocation of CMT for doing so.   

 
Illustrative example of CMT facilitating marketplace leads: 

 Maria’s5miles Experiences

378 views

 Maria N.

Maria N.

• Professional health and beauty expert
• Trained in hair and make-up, with 8 years of 

salon experience
• Can work remotely for special events l ike 

weddings, but only within Dallas area
• Interested in vintage clothing and funky art

5milesapp.com/s/Maria N.



 

        

13 

As a result of the economic incentives represented by CMT, 
users could be more accepting of in-bound inquiries, and 
more potential matches between merchants and buyers 
could be possible. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Shared advertising resources 
 
In most existing c2c marketplaces, the central operating entity sets rules on how the for-sale 
items are displayed to the buyers, and then extract profit by selling advertising space through 
auctions.  In a decentralized and community-operated c2c marketplace, the advertising revenue 
could be captured by the network itself and shared among the community members. To 
illustrate a potential scenario a potential scenario: 
 

• Through a set of smart business contracts, the blockchain network sets up an auction 
market for search keywords.  Sellers can bid for advertising space for their products, and 
the payment in CMT is governed by the smart business contract. 

 

• The smart cusiness contracts that create product lists for decentralized applications 
(“Dapps”) prioritize and label advertised items, and the Dapps display them to the 
buyers when the buyers are browsing or searching. 

 

• Once the advertisements are displayed, the seller’s CMT payment in the related smart 
business contract could either evaporate (as a way to reduce total supply of CMT if the 
network has an inflationary policy), or be distributed back to buyers as a form of price 
reduction / promotion. 

 
In addition, the token holders could also vote on proposed advertisements to reduce spam and 
other problems associated with traditional internet advertising. 
 

Receive 2 CMT to open this 
message from Ace Auto Mechanic

x



 

        

14 

Democratic community management 
 
In a c2c marketplace, the most contentious problems are related to centralized management.  
For example: 
 

• Account closure.  In a centralized marketplace, the marketplace operator can 
unilaterally close accounts.  That could negatively impact the affected sellers and 
buyers, as it takes significant of time and monetary investment to build up highly-rated 
accounts. 

 

• Censorship.  The marketplace operator sometimes needs to intervene and remove 
illegal products offered for sale (e.g., firearms, or prescription drugs in certain countries 
or regions).  In a centralized marketplace, the operator makes unilateral decisions.  Such 
decisions are expensive (as they often require legal expertise and review), create large 
potential liabilities, and can even cause resentments in the community if users believe 
they have been improperly made. 

 
We strongly support safe and appropriate marketplaces.  However, centralization by its nature 
concentrates decision-making into a single person or body. 
 
CMT and the CyberMiles blockchain platform, through smart cusiness contracts, could provide 
ways for the community to manage and regulate itself.  As we described above, the community 
can resolve individual conflicts by incentivizing arbiters.  However, for issues that go beyond 
two transactional parties, we could introduce a voting mechanism that is similar to the “Proof-
of-Stake” (“PoS”) consensus process.  This would require the community to come together and 
reach consensus on issues related to the management of the whole network.  Such consensus 
could be reached through the use of smart business contracts.  To illustrate a potential 
scenario: 
 

• A person in the community brings up a request to close an account or censor a product 
listing for any reason.  This person pledges a specified number of CMT in a smart 
business contract when making this request. 

 

• The network automatically requests a number of (example for, 100) random token 
holders to vote on this issue.  Each vote costs a certain amount of CMT depending on 
the system setup.  The voting results are binary, and a simple majority determines the 
outcome.   

 

• Depending on the voting result, the initial requester wins or loses the case.  And 
everyone who casts a vote either prevails or forfeits (that is, according to whether they 
voted with or against the majority decision). 

 



 

        

15 

• The pledged CMT from the initial requester and the payment from each voter is put into 
a collection of CMT held by a smart business contract. 
 

• Depending on the outcome, the initial requester could forfeit their pledged CMT (if the 
request is voted down), or get back the pledged amount plus an allocation from the 
CMT used to cast a vote (if voted in his/her favor).   The majority voters get back their 
contribution, plus an allocation from the other CMT used to cast votes.  The other voters 
receive nothing. 

 
A system like this creates incentives for community members to participate in the management 
of the network itself.  It could be far more effective and cheaper than a centralized system. 

 

5. CyberMiles Beyond 5miles 
 
In the previous section, we discussed CyberMiles blockchain network’s potential applications in 
a c2c marketplace.  That is the sweet spot of 5miles, and is how 5miles can help the CyberMiles 
Foundation jumpstart the network. 
 
However, we aim to make the CyberMiles solutions capable of supporting many kinds of 
business transactions beyond the c2c marketplace.  As such, the network could provide back 
office business transaction services to many types of businesses, especially small businesses.  
Through the concept of smart business contracts described in the technical white paper, the 
CyberMiles blockchain network could become a leader in the provision of automated / smart 
contracts for commercial applications. 
 
The CyberMiles network could act as an outsourced provider of a variety of business services 
including IT, finance, customer service, and community management.  Building on the 5miles 
team’s extensive expertise in business execution, the CyberMiles team has identified the 
following major categories of business contracts we could potentially automate. 
 

A more efficient supply chain 
 
In an e-commerce ecosystem, the seller needs to procure products from suppliers and then 
ship to buyers.  In the process, the product changes hands multiple times.  In a traditional 
system, the transactions along the supply chain must be settled using fiat currencies, which 
create significant friction and cost. 
 
However, in a token-based system, transactions amongst community members may be 
recorded instantly and securely using digital tokens.  The parties would only convert any excess 
tokens into other assets from time to time on an “as needs basis”, limiting transaction costs. 
 



 

        

16 

Addressing the counterfeit problem 
 
Counterfeit products and fraud generally are serious problems in e-commerce marketplaces.  
For a centralized operator to address this problem, it must generally review and track every 
product listed for sale on the marketplace.  That is prohibitively expensive, and probably 
ineffective as human reviewers lack the expertise to evaluate the authenticity of all possible 
products in a marketplace, even with the assistance of technology that is currently available.   
As a result, most centralized marketplaces can only reactively deal with counterfeit products, 
creating a “cat and mouse” problem that is common to all centralized systems.  A blockchain-
based network can help resolve this problem much more elegantly. 
 

• Proactively: One of the key features of the blockchain is the immutability of its records.  
That makes it ideal for tracking the authenticity of for-sale products.  Sellers or even 
manufacturers / suppliers, can create certificates of authenticity for products.  Once the 
certificate is associated with recordable features of a product, and relevant information 
is stored in a distributed ledger, its ownership can be tracked and the risk of tampering 
is significantly reduced.  That allows buyers (or even arbiters) to review the entire 
history of the product in the system, depending on the information recorded and visible.   
 

• Reactively: As we discussed earlier in this white paper, the CyberMiles blockchain 
network provides a mechanism for community-based conflict resolution.  That of course 
includes the cases where the buyer disagrees on the authenticity of the product.  In 
disputes alleging fraud, the buyer would need to provide evidence in support of its claim 
in order to obtain a favorable decision from the arbiter.   
 

The CyberMiles community can be incentivized to come together and prevent counterfeit 
products and frauds on the marketplace. 
 

Automatic escrow 
 
Most current business transactions require trust.  The blockchain network’s main feature is its 
ability to operate in a trustless environment.  For example, one of the primary function of an 
Ethereum based smart contract is an escrow to hold and release assets automatically when 
certain conditions are met.  In many application scenarios outlined in this white paper, the 
network would need to hold certain escrow or pledged CMT from multiple parties until a 
certain outcome occurs.  This level of automation can make escrow much more prevalent and 
widely used in our society. 
 
For example, in a sales transaction, the smart business contract could release the CMT in 
escrow to the seller when the seller’s shipping carrier sends back a delivery confirmation to the 
network.  Or the escrow condition may be that when the buyer inspects the product and agrees 
to accept it.  If the buyer does not accept it, the automated arbitration process begins. 
  



 

        

17 

6. The CyberMiles Foundation 
 
The CyberMiles ecosystem is envisioned to be a community of partners, including blockchain 
node operators, validators, service providers, marketplace operators, businesses, and end 
users.  They could provide or utilize the network services, and exchange CMT  on the 
CyberMiles platform.  The CyberMiles Foundation is intended as an independent, not-for-profit 
company that maintains and facilitates democratic governance for the members of this 
ecosystem.  The CyberMiles Foundation’s mission is: 
 

To decentralize c2c marketplace platforms,  and develop blockchain solutions for real-
world and online marketplace applications. 

 
The CyberMiles Foundation has three structural principles: 
 

• Impartiality 
o Managed solely to develop CyberMiles blockchain and applications 
o Separate legal entity from 5miles and any other member company 
o Directors act independently of 5miles, and well-respected within the tech 

community 
 

• Not-for-profit governance 
o Serves the interests of CMT holders, to develop a robust and scalable system 
o Collaboration with 5miles based on arms-length commercial agreements 
o Token issuance and distribution managed by the CyberMiles Foundation 

 

• Strong governance 
o CyberMiles Foundation is  a separate legal entity, with distinct operations and its 

own governance framework  
o Advised by top-tier professionals  
o Implement best practices from other established foundations 
o Additional measures in response to regulatory changes and requirements 

 
The principal functions of the CyberMiles Foundation will include:   

• Open governance of its resources together with other ecosystem partners;   

• Support and advance the technology related to CyberMiles blockchain network’s 
implementation; and 

• All matters related to ecosystem membership.   
 

The CyberMiles Foundation’s mandate is to grow an open ecosystem of digital services that 
consumers can easily explore and find value in, while giving developers an open and sustainable 
platform to develop, deliver, and enhance those services and attract users.  To fulfill its mission, 
the CyberMiles Foundation will dedicate resources to three specific goals related to research, 
development, and governance as described below. 



 

        

18 

 

A. Governance goals 
 
The Foundation proposes to dedicate resources to establish a fair and transparent governance 
process that will take into account the voices and needs of all participants within the 
ecosystem.  This open governance model would oversee decisions related to the membership 
process, participation rules, token issuance, pricing rules, legal matters, and content and 
compliance guidelines.  The CyberMiles Foundation would be responsible for administering and 
overseeing the security of the CMT reserve, as well as transparency in its use of CMT and any 
token proceeds.   
 

B. Research goals 
 
The CyberMiles Foundation aims to foster an environment of innovation by working with 
partners to test new ways to participate in the ecosystem and drive value creation and network 
effects.  The CyberMiles Foundation could fund research and development efforts to support an 
autonomous network that is secure and effective in providing business transaction services. 
 

C. Development goals 
 
The CyberMiles Foundation proposes to direct and fund the development of the CyberMiles 
blockchain itself, as well as tools that give ecosystem partners the ability to build, grow, and 
create value for one another.  As part of this process, 5miles proposes to make its own 
codebase available as an open source project that can be leveraged to power new communities 
and add capabilities to existing ones.  The CyberMiles Foundation would further this work by 
engaging development teams to continue improving the technology suite supporting the 
CyberMiles Ecosystem, and will maintain an open source codebase that ecosystem participants 
can use. 
 

  



 

        

19 

7. CyberMiles Token Issuance 
 

CMT Token Issuance 
 
The CyberMiles Foundation proposes to initially generate 1 billion CMT, however over time, this 
may expand to 10 billion CMT.  Further information about when and to whom CMT are 
proposed to be allocated can be found below.   
 
Upon the completion of the proposed CyberMiles token sale (“Token Sale”) of 1 billion CMT, 
there will be a total of 1 billion CMT in circulation.   
 
Token Sale is proposed to launch soon after incorporation of the CyberMiles Foundation.  For 
further information and updates regarding the Token Sale, prospective participants are invited 
to provide their email address at http://cm.5miles.com.  Further updates and announcements 
regarding the timing and the details of the Token Sale will be communicated through the 
website.    
 

Use of Token Sale proceeds 
  
The proceeds raised from the initial Token Sale are intended be used for the following 
purposes:  
1) Fund the development and establishment of the CyberMiles blockchain protocol;   
2) Marketing and operating expenses related to the expansion and migration of 5miles’s 

platform to the CyberMiles’ blockchain network.  Arrangements with 5miles and the 
CyberMiles Foundation will be at arms length; and 

3) Research and development costs incurred by the CyberMiles Foundation in developing the 
CyberMiles platform. 

 

Allocation of CMT 
 
It is proposed that another 3 billion tokens will be pre-allocated to 5miles and other initial 
partners, in consideration for their role in establishing the CyberMiles platform and developing 
the initial ecosystem for CMT.  The token allocation would be subject to a long-term (3-year) 
vesting period, and would be the basis of a strategic partnership in which 5miles contributes its 
brand, technology, and integration of its 10+ million registered users with CyberMiles and CMT.     
 
The remaining 6 billion CMT are proposed to be held in reserve for future release, laying the 
foundation for the long-term development of the CyberMiles ecosystem.  The future issuance 
of the tokens in reserve could be used to incentivize participants in the CyberMiles ecosystem 
through the CMT Incentives Program, with a small portion of the released tokens contributed 
to the Foundation to fund partnership development and operational costs related to 
CyberMiles.  A target of 20% of the remaining reserve CMT will be unlocked and distributed 
every year in perpetuity.   

http://cm.5miles.com/


 

        

20 

 

• CMT Incentives Program:  CyberMiles Foundation could design and help shape certain 
CMT rewards mechanisms to motivate market participants to adopt and engage in the 
chain-based marketplace solutions and processes. 

• Partnership Development:  CyberMiles Foundation may receive a portion of the 
released tokens to spur initial adoption of CMT on third-party platforms and for 
integration on those partner platforms. 

• Operational Costs:  A small allocation of each year’s distributed tokens may be allocated 
to the Foundation and used to fund the ongoing development and administration costs.  

 

Token Supply Schedule 
 
5miles’ and initial partners’ pre-allocation of 3 billion CMT is proposed to be released at 8.33% 
percent per quarter, for 12 consecutive quarters after the Token Sale.  The 6 billion in reserve 
for future deployment by CyberMiles Foundation are proposed to be released and distributed 
under a hybrid Proof-of-Work (“PoW”) / PoS token distribution system.  The mechanisms for 
the reserve token distribution are still in-development, but the CyberMiles Foundation aims to 
target a release of 20% of the remaining reserve per year, in perpetuity.    
 

Inflation Schedule 
 
The CMT Incentives Program underlying the distribution of the 6 billion CMT in reserve (60% of 
total CMT to be created over time) is proposed to be released in perpetuity.  Over time, as the 
network matures, the amount of new CMT released with be significantly scarcer, and the 
PoW/PoS (Proof of Work / Proof of Stake) hybrid mechanisms will be developed to effect the 
targeted outcome.  CMT will be rewarded to network participants who have contributed 
towards various CyberMiles processes and applications (such as voting on dispute resolution, 
forming 5miles Groups, etc.) through completion of Smart Contracts.  Below is the targeted 
inflation schedule for the active supply (calculated as the total number of new CMT released 
through the CMT Incentives Program divided by the ending balance of active tokens in 
circulation for each year).   
 

 
 
 
  

Year 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 -->

Inflation 37.5% 18.6% 11.1% 8.1% 6.1% 4.7% 3.6% 2.8% 2.2% 1.7% 6.4%



 

        

21 

Proposed, Targeted Number of Active CMT in Circulation (millions of CMT): 
 

 
 
Time Series 
 
A time series of the targeted number of active tokens in circulation, by allocation, for the first 3 
years: 
 
(bar totals: millions of tokens) 

 
 

 

  

1,000

3,200

5,160

6,928
7,542

8,034
8,427

8,742 8,993
9,195 9,356

10,000

0

1000

2000

3000

4000

5000

6000

7000

8000

9000

10000

Token
Sale

Yr 1 Yr 2 Yr 3 Yr 4 Yr 5 Yr 6 Yr 7 Yr 8 Yr 9 Yr 10 Yr 11 -->



 

        

22 

8. The CyberMiles Team 
 

• Dr.  Lucas Lu, CEO/Founder of 5miles.  Lucas received his PhD degree in Particle Physics 
from SMU in 2005.  He worked at CERN when he participated in theoretical and 
experimental research of Higgs Particle.  Dr.  Lucas Lu, was previously a co-founder and 
CTO of Light In the Box, a company which went public on the NYSE, and prior to that, 
Lucas was the first GM of Alibaba’s Taobao Mobile platform, and was the GM of another 
Alibaba business unit.  Lucas founded 5miles in 2014. 
 

• Dr.  Michael Yuan, Director of the CyberMiles Foundation.  Michael received a PhD in 
Astrophysics from University of Texas at Austin.  He is the author of 5 books on software 
development, published by Prentice Hall, Addison-Wesley, and O'Reilly.  Michael was an 
active code committer in large Open Source projects such as Firefox, Fedora, JBoss, and 
others.  He is an expert on enterprise and mobile software, and was a Principle 
Investigator on multiple research projects funded by the US government. 
 

• Alex Lau, Director of the CyberMiles Foundation.  AvengerMoJo is Alex’s online 
nickname.  He received his Software Computer Science degree at University of North 
Texas in 1999.  Previously, Alex worked at Nortel Network, before moving to China.  He 
was the R&D Manager for SUSE Linux in Beijing and Taiwan and was the CTO for Symbio 
Mobile.  He has been working as a consultant for the distributed filesystem for SUSE and 
as a Blockchain Consultant for WeBank and 5miles. 
 

• Frank Lee, Advisor to the CyberMiles Foundation.  Frank is the founder of several start-
up companies.  He had successfully developed the first Litecoin ASIC miner in the world.  
Two of his companies are included in MI eco system.  He has invested in and co-founded 
companies in various areas, including Game, VR, AR, IOT, etc.  Frank graduated from 
Tsinghua University with a degree in Electrical Engineering. 
 

• Mark Brinkerhoff, Advisor to the CyberMiles Foundation.  Mark Brinkerhoff is a startup 
advisor and communications strategist with a contemporary approach to public 
relations, a passion for building partnerships and storytelling that connects consumers 
and brands.  With more than a dozen years of experience in results-driven PR, 
Brinkerhoff has become a leader in business-driving marketing and brand 
communications for innovative, fast-growing startups, particularly consumer 
technology. 
 

• Garwin Chan, CFO of 5miles.  Garwin is currently the CFO of 5miles.  Previously, he was 
a Managing Director at Founder H Fund (private equity arm of Founder Group).  Prior to 
that, he was a Vice President at Bain Capital, a global leading investment firm.  Garwin 
graduated from Harvard College cum laude in 2003.  He also received his MBA degree 
from Harvard Business School in 2008. 
 



 

        

23 

• Rick Cantu, General Manager of 5miles.  Currently General Manager of 5miles, 
overseeing business development, client solutions, and business operations.  Formerly 
VP of Good Deeds Wireless, a mobile telecom startup, and has worked more than 20 
years in TMT.  Prior to his startup experience, he was a senior advisor at Morgan 
Stanley.  He received his BA in economics at University of Texas, San Antonio. 
 

• Trey Troxel, Product Strategist at 5miles.  Currently our Product Strategist at 5miles, 
focused on commercializing the 5miles technology within the auto industry.  Previously, 
Trey was the Director of Sales and Marketing at a large automotive group, and before 
that, he was a senior executive at multiple top-tier automotive software and digital 
platforms, including Autotrader.com, PureCars, and vAuto.  He received his BA at the 
University of North Texas. 
 

• Valerie Coleman, Director of Business Development at 5miles.  Currently our Sales 
Director at 5miles, focused on digital solutions for “Auto & Job Classifieds”.  Previously, 
Valerie was sales director at Monster.com, and before that, she spent 15 years at 
Autotrader.com and Kelley Blue Book, focused on the sales of digital service solutions 
for large car dealerships across the country.  Valerie received her BA in marketing at The 
University of Texas, Austin, and her MBA from Marylhurst University. 
 

• Natasha Mehra, Project Manager at 5miles.  Natasha graduated with a BBA degree at 
SMU Cox School of Business in 2008.  She became a consultant under the IoT division at 
Accenture after gaining experience with HM Capital Partners and Challenger Capital 
Group.  In 2010, she volunteered to help develop the local economy in Uganda and has 
focused on implementing product solutions for a variety of businesses and industries 
since. 

  



 

        

24 

 

9. Project Milestones 
 
Apr.  2014  5miles established. 
 
Jun.  2014  5miles receives $5 million (USD) Series A investment from SIG.   
 
Oct.  2014  Testing of the 5miles app begins.   
 
Jan.  2015:  5miles app launches in the US. 
 
Jun.  2015  5miles receives $17 million (USD) Series B investment, led by IDG and 

Morningside. 
 
Nov. 2015  5miles introduces user-verification and fraud-detection technology, further 

strengthening its’ innovative marketplace safety features. 
 
Jan.  2016  5miles’ gross merchandise value reaches $100 million; receives $30 million (USD) 

Series B-1 investment, led by Blue Lake and Puhua. 
 
Jan.  2017  5miles surpasses 11 million users, becoming a top 10 shopping app in the US 

(data from Similar Web); begins exploring blockchain initiative. 
 
Jun.  2017  5miles receives $10 million (USD) follow-on funding from existing investors 

(pending closing). 
 
Aug.  2017  5xlab formally launched, focusing on CyberMiles blockchain program; developing 

CyberMiles v.0.1. 
 
Oct.  2017  CyberMiles Foundation to explore the issuance of CyberMiles tokens (CMT).   
 
Dec.  2017  CyberMiles Foundation to launch v0.1 of CyberMiles’ “smart contract” modules. 
 
June 2018  5miles app to begin accepting CMT to facilitate marketplace transactions. 
 
Dec.  2018  CyberMiles Foundation to launch v1.0 of CyberMiles’ version. 
 
Mar.  2019:  CyberMiles modules to be available for use on other platforms to facilitate 

further adoption. 
 
 


