





























A Data-Ownership Assuring Blockchain Wallet For
Privacy-Protected Data Exchange

Subtitle Draft Version 0.8i

Daniel Hawthorne1 Serafin L. Engel1 Alex Norta2

1 Pnyks Inc.
55E 3rd Ave San Mateo, CA 94401

USA

2Large-Scale Systems Group,
Tallinn University of Technology,
Akadeemia tee 15A, 12616 Tallinn,

Estonia



Contents

1 Introduction 1

2 Running Case and Background Literature 3
2.1 Background Literature . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4

3 Goals of Data-Exchange Ecosystem 6
3.1 High-Level Requirements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
3.2 Data-Provider Requirements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
3.3 Data Requester Requirements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9

4 Data-Exchange Architecture 10
4.1 Data-Requester Components . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
4.2 Data-Provider Components . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
4.3 Data-Exchange Components . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14

5 Dynamics of the Data-Exchange Ecosystem 14
5.1 Blockchain Operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
5.2 Create Data Profile . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
5.3 Create dx-Contract . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
5.4 Simple Data Exchange . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
5.5 Data-Product Exchange . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
5.6 Augmented Experience Exchange . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22

6 Conclusion 22

Appenix 27

A Ecosystem Development Roadmap 27
A.1 v1.0—Current Implementation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27

A.1.1 Data-Requester System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
A.1.2 Data-Provider System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
A.1.3 Data-Exchange System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28

A.2 v2.0—Smart-Contract Based . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
A.2.1 Data-Requester System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
A.2.2 Data-Provider System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
A.2.3 Data-Exchange System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29

A.3 v3.0—Fully Decentralized Data Profiles . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
A.3.1 Data-Provider System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29



Disclaimer

Nothing herein constitutes an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy,
any tokens, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of Datawallet tokens in
any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. You
should carefully read and fully understand this whitepaper and any updates. Every
potential token purchaser will be required to undergo an on-boarding process that
includes identity verification and certain other documentation, which you should
read carefully and understand fully because you will be legally bound. Please make
sure to consult with appropriate advisors and others.

This white paper describes our current vision for theDatawallet platform. While
we intend to attempt to realize this vision, please recognize that it is dependent on
quite a number of factors and subject to quite a number of risks. It is entirely possi-
ble that the Datawallet platform will never be implemented or adopted, or that only
a portion of our vision will be realized. We do not guarantee, represent or warrant
any of the statements in this white paper, because they are based on our current
beliefs, expectations and assumptions, about which there can be no assurance due
to various anticipated and unanticipated events that may occur.

Please know that we plan to work hard in seeking to achieve the vision laid out
in this white paper, but that you cannot rely on any of it coming true. Blockchain,
cryptocurrencies and other aspects of our technology and these markets are in their
infancy and will be subject to many challenges, competition and a changing en-
vironment. We will try to update our community as things grow and change, but
undertake no obligation to do so.



Abstract

As people engage more deeply and often with Internet services like social media,
search, and e-retail, they create ever more data. Well known social-media compa-
nies and a secretive data-brokerage industry monetize this personal data without
explicitly consulting—or sharing the revenues with—the users who produced the
content. Such is the dominant personal-data ecosystem. There is clear need for a
transparent and fair data exchange based upon the expressive consent of the Inter-
net users producing the data. This whitepaper specifies such a system built upon
a user-controlled ”DataWallet” and a blockchain-based smart contract system to
allow transparent and mutually beneficial exchange of data between consenting
parties. We detail the requirements of such a system, its necessary structure, and
the dynamic interactions of its components and stakeholders through an example
focusing on a simple exchange of data for DXT (the data exchange token). We
show how such an exchange is just one of many use cases for the proposed data ex-
change by describing how it can provide an augmented user experience for online
video and music services as well as provide valuable insights to data creators about
themselves.

Keywords: data exchange, blockchain, smart contract, decentralized, peer-to-peer



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

1 Introduction

As people spend ever more of their time engaging with online services, the volume
and importance of the data created from these interactions concomitantly increases.
Internet users are being cut out of this rapidly growing economic sector that has the
power to impact their experience both online and off. There is an opportunity for
data providers to reclaim the value they create online from the owners of the current
data ecosystem.

A data-based economy emerges in which users produce an exponentialy in-
creasing quantity of content online through social media, online searches, and the
purchase of goods on e-commerce platforms. However, the current data-based
economy, centered around the ‘data-brokerage industry,’ is deeply dysfunctional
for both data creators and data consumers. The situation for data providers is cap-
tured well by a 2013 US senate court hearing1 on the topic which concluded that
customers of the data-brokerage industry have no control how their personal data
and created content is used and monetized. Data providers know this—in a re-
cent study2, 81% of respondent state they do not feel secure using social media for
sharing private information. The data-sharing economy is also broken for data con-
sumers. This dysfunction can be understood in terms of the silo, quality and ethics
problems. The silo problem is that the data is scattered across a field of walled
gardens with most of the potential value only available if the data could be intelli-
gently collated. This contributes to the quality problem. The available data is often
the result of probabilistic matching models (with uninspiring results [1, 9, 12, 25]),
outdated, or generally incongruent with true online engagement. Finally, the ethics
problem is clear—data is acquired and monetized by corporations without inform-
ing the owning users. The advent of blockchain technology3 poses a remedy to the
current dysfunctional data-brokerage system. It enables transparent systems that
can simultaneously give data creators back control over their data while providing
data-informed businesses the highest quality, ethically sourced data.

The shortcomings of the current data brokerage system and the necessity for a
new approach to willful data exchange will only become more clear given the cur-
rent technological and social trends. First, data production is going to dramatically
ramp up. A staggering 90% of all data has been created in merely the past two years
and this market is predicted to grow 2̃7% per year. This explosion of data will be
further buttressed with the increasing adoption of Internet-of-Things (IoT) systems

1https://tinyurl.com/senate-hearing-2013
2http://www.adweek.com/digital/study-pew-public-perceptions-privacy/
3Briefly, the blockchain is a distributed database for independently verifying the chain-artifact

ownership [24] in hash values that result from cryptographic digests [13, 19].

1



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

[28]. Second, the security and privacy situations for user data is broadly lacking4.
Cloud-hosting is the default for IoT and social media storage despite providing a
wider security surface area [15]. To assure the security and privacy of data, a suit-
able requirements-engineering framework is lacking [2] for system development.5

Given the deficiencies of the prevailing data brokerage system, it is surpris-
ing how few personal data-management tools are available to data creators. One
promising option is to consider the development of specific blockchain-based web
browsers6 that strive to allow user control over self-generated content. However,
this requires a major shift in user behavior with concomitant technological chal-
lenges. This paper proposes an alternative that disrupts the data-brokerage system,
and not the data-creators Internet experience. We propose a blockchain-technology
based DataWallet that restores trust and control for users while providing data-
informed businesses the most complete data profiles possible. In this paper, we
therefore systematically describe a system that enables this opt-in and mutually
beneficial data-sharing ecosystem. We proceed by answering the following pro-
gressively refined sub-questions. What are the requirements of such a data-sharing
ecosystem? What is the static architecture of the ecosystem that fulfills these re-
quirements? And, finally, what are the dynamic interaction protocols of stakehold-
ers and this architecture that enables the desired mutually beneficial data exchange
economy?

The remainder of this paper is structured as follows. Section 2 introduces a
running case and additional background literature. Section 3 defines the require-
ments for a blockchain-technology based datawallet system. Section 4 shows the
system architecture of the datawallet that is derived from the requirements. Next,
Section 5 explains the dynamic system engagement. Finally, Section 6 concludes
this whitepaper and also discusses limitations, open issues and future work.

For concision, the description of the system is in the present tense, but the fully
decentralized system described is the last milestone of the implementation roadmap
(described in Appendix A). Additionally, for clarity we focus our description on
the fully decentralized system (v3.0 in Appendix A.3). However, hosted versions
of these components will remain available for interested community members (see
v2.0 in Appendix A.3).

4These security issues extend to extremely sensitive information as the recent Equifax data breach
illustrates [32]

5Specifically for the IoT domain, the security and privacy of forecast parabolically growing data
production is not assured since existing security frameworks do not scale to large networks of het-
erogeneous devices. For example, the IoT-subclass of so-called wearable devices [3] without secure
hardware and software stacks can not authenticate running software and are therefore unable to vali-
date themselves.

6https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/blockstack-joins-browser-wars-decentralized-tokenized-
blockchain-web-browser/

2



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

2 Running Case and Background Literature

Figure 1 depicts the current state of user-content generation and monetization. In-
ternet users pictured to the left, generating and consuming data through shopping,
searching, and socializing on the web. While each service cultivates its ‘walled
garden,’ some choose to engage in large-scale data exchanges among each other.

The right side of Figure 1 depicts the numerous centralized interests that con-
sume personal user data. The corporate categories to the right may comprise profit-
oriented organizations such as banks, advertising companies, tangible service-producers.
Additionally, government-affiliated non-profit organizations also consume social-
media data, e.g., the police and intelligence agencies.

Thus, while Figure 1 shows that individual users generate and communicate
their created content data without monetary compensation, the corporate side must
pay the social-media cloud members for content-data generated intelligence. The
individual users currently lack an effective tool that allows them to monetize their
own data at their discretion.

Figure 1: Current monetization situation of user-generated data content in social
media.

That is whywe have developed a personal datamanagement platform—DataWallet,
and a way to directly profit from personal data—dx-Insights, which is DataWallet’s
market and consumer insights data-application. We will use dx-Insights to provide
grounded examples throughout the subsequent technical sections. This running

3



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

case is just one example of a personal-data-based product.7 In Section 5 we high-
light the expanse of possible personal-data-based products by describing two broad
categories of products—data products for the data provider (e.g. for introspection,
decision making, and self-improvement) and data products that augment existing
services by customizing them with the user’s data.

2.1 Background Literature

We now highlight the literature that motivates our approach and the terms necessary
to understand the methodology employed in the subsequent sections. Our presenta-
tion of the DataWallet ecosystem follows the well-established model-driven design
(MDD) methodology [5] to ensure quality system design, architecture, and imple-
mentation.8 In line with this methodology we present a series of formalizations
that provide an increasingly deeper treatment of the static and dynamic features of
the proposed ecosystem. We employ (1) a goal-model to describe the requirements
of the system, (2) an UML component diagram to outline the static architecture,
and finally (3) a UML sequence diagram to illustrate the dynamic behavior of the
system. We now describe these formalizations in turn.

First, goal models are part of the agent-oriented modeling (AOM) method [29]
that we employ to formally specify the features of the blockchain-based DataWallet
ecosystem. AOM goal models use the notation in Figure 2 to capture the functional
requirements of a system in the form of functional goals, non-functional require-
ments, or ‘quality goals’, and agents (who may be human or artificial, i.e. software
agents) with specified roles. We adopt an additional symbol, the right pointing ar-
row, for denoting multiple inheritance of higher-level functional goals to a lower-
level functional goal, as seen in Figure 6.

Figure 2: Icons of AOM goal-model notation [29].

The center of an AOM goal model is a functional goal termed a ‘value proposi-
tion’. This captures the overall systems goal and requires hierarchical decomposi-
tion for establishing manageable development complexity. Quality and emotional
goals are attached to respective functional goals and depending on the position in

7In fact, dx-Insights is simply the first product available on an open data product exchange
8MDD entails a front loading of activities in a system-design process which results in a high

degree of generated code and testing instances.

2.1 Background Literature 4



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

the hierarchy, all refining functional goals must also satisfy an assigned quality
goal. The same holds for roles and their relationship to the functional goal hierar-
chy.

(a) (b)

Agent 1 Agent 2 Agent 3

1: active ob(dep)

2: active ob(pic)

2.1.1: act1(pic,value1,value2,value3)

2.1: pictures

Figure 3: Notation of UML component diagrams in (a) and sequence diagrams in
(b).

Second, we deduce a technology-agnostic UML component diagrams [6] from
the AOM functional goals specified in the goal model to specify that static struc-
ture of the DataWallet system. Figure 3 (a) shows the UML notation elements
where components are labeled rectangles. Components provide interfaces for inter-
communication and are further refinable with sub-components. We also employ
actors to indicate how components interact with the different stake-holders in ac-
cordance to the AOM goal-model actor-positions.

Finally, third, we use UML sequence diagrams [27] to specify the dynamic
behavior of the DataWallet system. Figure 3 (b) shows an example with commu-
nicating entities on the top shown as labeled rectangles. Underneath each entity is
a dashed line denoting timelines on which bars show when respective entities are
active. Labeled directed arcs between those bars shows communication-message
exchange along the timelines.

The aim of the described MDD approach is to capture the distributed-systems
[30] nature of the DataWallet ecosystem. While Figure 1 reflects the current data
ecosystem where the majority of data users produce is inside social media walled
gardend, the advent of IoT, or cyberphysical systems (CPS) [26] will result in a new
dimension in which users will increasingly create data. CPS are internet-integrated
sets of smart objects, such as IoT-devices, that may be orchestrated by Clouds for
complex processing tasks. As such, CPS integrate computational and physical ca-
pabilities that allow for interaction with humans through diverse means [4]. Such
novel interaction vectors have the promise to expand the human’s capabilities and

2.1 Background Literature 5



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

embodiment through computation, communication, and control to enable the next-
generation avionics and vehicles, smart cities, Industry 4.0 production systems, e-
healthcare, etc.

Finally, pertaining to blockchain technology, smart-contract technology is es-
sential for the DataWallet system to achieve traceability and security. Essential
for smart contracts is a decentralized validation of transactions for which so-called
proof-of-work (PoW) [31] is the most often used. Smart contracts employ a pub-
lic distributed ledger called blockchain that records transaction events without a
trusted central authority. The current smart-contract standard is Ethereum [33],
despite some widely acknowledged drawbacks. First, PoW transaction validation
does not scale and thus, Ethereum is not feasible for most industry applications.
Second, the Ethereum affiliated Solidity smart contract can not be formally veri-
fied [8] and was recently hacked9 because of security flaws resulting in a loss of ca.
$50 million10. More scalable is a smart-contract solution that uses proof-of-stake
(PoS) [7] transaction validation and blockchain sharding [16]. For example, the
smart-contract system Qtum [11] uses PoS already successfully in its application.

3 Goals of Data-Exchange Ecosystem

We define the goals and requirements of a data-sharing ecosystem built upon ex-
pressive consent using the goal model of Agent-Oriented Modeling (AOM). The
AOMmethod is a socio-technical requirements-engineering approach used tomodel
dynamic and complex systems composed of both human and software agents. To
aid in comprehension of the requirements of the entire system, we decompose the
model into coherent pieces centered around the two primary stakeholders, namely
the data requesters and the providers. We begin by describing the joint high-level
requirements of the data exchange in Section 3.1, and then turn to the requirements
of the data providers in Section 3.2. Finally, we conclude by describing in Section
3.3 the requirements of the data requesters.11

9https://www.wired.com/2016/06/50-million-hack-just-showed-dao-human/
10https://bitcoinsmagazine.com/articles/ethereum-classic-hard-forks-diffuses-difficulty-bomb-

1484350622/
11Note that when considering the requirements of the data requestor, the focus lies on those who

desire a decentralized profile management solution which is the final step in the technology devel-
opment outlined in Appendix A building from the centralized profile management solution currently
developed by DataWallet.

6



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

3.1 High-Level Requirements

As seen in Figure 4, the principal value proposition of both primary stakeholders
in the ecosystem, the data requesters and the data providers, is to engage in a con-
sensual, transparent, and secure exchange around data. To seed this exchange, data
requesters need a clear and easy method of creating a data request and incentivize
its fulfillment. Similarly, data providers who either offer customizations to existing
services or build novel services based upon data need a way of offering services in
conjunction with requesting the necessary data and receiving compensation.

To enable this structured data request, data providers require an easy, secure,
and transparent method of creating and managing a collated data profile. They then
need a fair and transparent means to explore the available data requests, and engage
in those they choose to. Similarly, they require a means to customize their existing
services and engage in new services built upon their data profile. These are quality
goals of the system, pictured in Figure 4 and structured according to [10, 14]. We
now turn to describing each quality goal at length.

Figure 4: Root goal model for the data-wallet ecosystem.

Interoperable means that the core ecosystem must be able to interface and be
composed with external components like data sources and applications. This is a
challenging goal given the heterogeneity and dynamism of the external interfaces
for existing data sources and applications. Secure indicates that the DataWallet
ecosystem must resist unauthorized usage attempts and denial of service attacks
while providing services to trusted data providers and requesters. Flexible data ex-
change indicates the ability of the system to integrate diverse and heterogeneous

3.1 High-Level Requirements 7



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

data and data products with a uniform interface. Usable means that the DataWal-
let ecosystem must be clear and approachable for both data providers and data re-
questers. Error avoidance pertains to proactively anticipating and preventing com-
monly occurring collaboration errors. Error handling ensures system support for
logging and gracefully handling software errors in the ecosystem. Learnability
refers to minimizing the time it takes users to master the DataWallet ecosystem.
Transparent data exchange pertains to ensuring both that the data provider and re-
quester have a clear understanding of the data points, compensation, and services
being exchanged, and that they are each away of each other’s previous reputa-
tion. Finally, Fairness of the DataWallet ecosystem means that the stakeholders
are treated without favoritism or discrimination and that all exchanges are clearly
defined and explicitly accepted.

Additionally, there are quality goals that are not discernible during any particu-
lar interaction with the DataWallet ecosystem. Integrable indicates that all compo-
nent must conform to a specified interface to facilitate the interaction of function-
ally contained components. Modifiable means that the system must adapts during
its lifecycle to the application context, e.g, to accommodate new data-format stan-
dards.

3.2 Data-Provider Requirements

The hierarchy in Figure 5, represent the data-provider core requirements—managing
the data profile and available contracts. Managing the data profile requires assur-
ances that the data is secure and private which necessitates private key management
and storage which is used to encrypt the data. The provider requires to be in control
of which data is included in the profile and which fields are exposed to the data ex-
change at what point in time. The collation of the data profile requires the linking
of the data sources, possibly though API access keys that need to be stored. This
collated data profile should be updated according to the provider’s data-directives.

The second refining hierarchy of Figure 5 illustrates the data providers’ require-
ments for engaging and managing available data and product contracts. The core
functionality desired is to find available contracts in accordance with the provider’s
data directives12. Providers require access to different kind of contracts—simple
data requests like those posted by dx-Insights, novel data products, or personal-
data-based augmented experience of existing products. Each of these three kinds
of contracts may be targeted/restricted to a particular population of providers that
needs to be automatically managed for the provider. Once accessed, the provider
needs to be able to accept or reject contracts. To fulfill an accepted contract, providers

12depending on their optimal trade-off between privacy and efficiency they can choose to make
some demographic fields available to the contract search to expedite the process

3.2 Data-Provider Requirements 8



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

Figure 5: Data-provider profile management and contract engagement goals.

need to be able to send the agreed upon data points, which requires isolating the
data points, decrypting them, check and communicate the data’s validity to ensure
fidelity, e.g., through a ’data hash’ match, and ideally re-encrypting them with the
requester’s public key to ensure the sanctity of the transfer. Contract management
also necessitates interacting with an escrow service to send and receive DXT af-
ter the exchange has completed. Finally, all transactions should be recorded in an
easily-accessible and persistent log.

3.3 Data Requester Requirements

The goal model refinement for the data requester in Figure 6 displays their two
primary requirements. First, they require being able to create a data request in
exchange for compensation (DXT). Second, they desire to be able to offer a data
product which requires specific data points, and therefore, much of the same func-
tionality of a simple data request. We therefore employ the multiple inheritance
symbol to highlight the overlapping goals, and use colorized goals to indicate where
the requirements diverge (breaking multiple inheritance, see Section 2.1 for discus-
sion).

As Figure 6 shows, both data requests and product offers need the ability to
specify the required data points, and optionally to specify a particular population
for which the contract is valid either through demographic parameters, or through an

3.3 Data Requester Requirements 9



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

Figure 6: Data requester goals. Grey shaded goals are optional, and colored goals
are owned by the correspondingly colored parent (breaking multiple inheritance).

access code/qr code. They then also need the ability to ensure the data they receive
is not able to be interpreted along the transfer process, which is accomplished by
sending a public key to the data provider to encrypt the data prior to transfer in a way
that can only be decrypted with the requester’s private key. The data they receive
has to be able to be verified, e.g., through a hash match. Valid data must enact the
specified release function. For the data request, it is the release of DXT allocated
in escrow. For a data product, this requires the release of the promised service.
Finally, all transactions must be recorded in an easily-accessible and persistent log.

Having specified the requirements of the data requester and provider in terms of
AOM goal models, we now turn to the architecture that satisfies the requirements.

4 Data-Exchange Architecture

We outline the core architecture of a system that satisfies the requirements for both
the data providers and the data requesters previously outlined. Figure 7 shows the
overall component diagram of the DataWallet ecoystem. Note that there are three
parts in the figures that group the components for the data provider, data-requester
and data-exchange components respectively. Each part contains a crucial and cen-
tral Manager component—the Data-Profile Manager, Smart-Contract Manager

10



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

and the Request Manager—whose multiple functionalities are also depicted.

Figure 7: A UML component diagram of the data-wallet ecosystem.

We describe each part of the architecture in turn. Section 4.1 describes the com-
ponents supporting the data requester. Section 4.2 denotes the corresponding com-
ponents of the data provider. Finally, Section 4.3 details the blockchain-employing
data-exchange components that mediate the data and service exchange between
providers and requesters.

4.1 Data-Requester Components

The core component that the data requester directly engages with is the Request
Manager and provides two interfaces—an API for programmatic requests from
data apps and expert users and a user-friendly web-based system. The Request
Manager allows for two major behaviors. First, it allows for the creation of a new
data request, and second, it supports querying the status of existing requests and
accessing the resulting data.

The Request Manager first guides new requesters through the creation of a pro-
file and at least one public-private key pair to facilitate encrypted data transfer.
The Request Manager then allows requesters to create data requests by populat-
ing a data-contract ’template’ (dx-contract template), specifying the information in
Table 1. An abstracted interface, a ’Data API’, to collect data points that address
common use cases, provides an alternative to manual contract specification. The
Data API is built upon a pool of ready-made contracts developed and updated by
the DataWallet and the community for common use cases.

4.1 Data-Requester Components 11



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

To turn the template into a full-fledged data exchange contract and post the
dx-contract that Table 1 depicts, the Contract Exchange requires the requester to
allocate the specified DXT into the Escrow and affix the public encryption key
to the contract. These data requests are placed in the Open Request section of the
Contract Exchange. For example, the dx-Insights App, the first product on theData
Application Exchange, generates data requests for companies looking for customer
andmarket insights based upon collated social media data from specific populations
of providers, all of which are viewable on the open contract exchange.

Contract Type
Data Request Data Product

Field

Mandatory

Data points requested (E)
What data is used for

Compensation (DXT) Product price (DXT)
Number of Data Providers Category of product (E)

Rolling or Adoption Threshold
Product description (optional external 

describing links)
Product-delivery mechanism

Optional

Provider(s) demographic parameters (E)
Take-down date for request expiration

Data format, or pre-processing preferences (E)
Data routing port (if not the standard Requester data-manager)

Operationalizing 
Action

Allocate specified DXT into escrow (and additional percentage to support 
the contract-enactment ecosystem)

Attach a public encryption key

Table 1: List of the template fields for a dx-contract. The first column specifies
all the fields associated with a data request, while the second column indicates all
fields associated with a data-product offering. E indicates an enumeration field,
i.e., a field chosen from an pre-specified list of options.

In addition to the Open Request section of the Contract Exchange, there is the
Data Product section, whose contracts are similarly created. As seen in Table 1, it
shares some of the same fields as a data request, but requires the specification of
additional fields such as the price of the product (in DXT) and a specification of how
the Data Application is delivered upon execution of the contract. The application
deliverymechanism can either be contract-internal logic that, for example, provides
an access code and link to the data provider, or a description of off-chain delivery
of access to the product. For example, DataWallet provides a personality analysis
product that is based upon a provider’s messages on social media. The contract
on the Data Product section of the Contract Exchange indicates the required data
points, the price for the product in DXT, and the delivery mechanism. The latter is a
uniform resource locator (URL) transferred to the provider’s Profile Manager that
is connected to the hosted personality profile with an embedded, initial password,

4.1 Data-Requester Components 12



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

which can be subsequently changed.
Through the Request Manager, requesters can also manage the contracts they

have placed on the Contract Exchange. For ‘rolling’ contracts that allow providers
to immediately execute the contract, requesters can see the current number of ex-
ecuted contracts and the resulting data (if the Request Manager’s Data Collection
Repo is used). For thresholded contracts, requesters can see whether it has executed
(or set an alert when the threshold or an arbitrary number of providers have staked
the contract).

4.2 Data-Provider Components

Data providers interface with the data-exchange via their Data-Profile Manager
that has two major responsibilities. First, it constructs and maintains the provider’s
Data Profile, either through a cloud-based service, or on the provider’s local sys-
tem. Second, it enables the provider to use this profile and engage with contracts
on the Data Exchange Manager.

The Data-Profile Manager constructs and maintains the provider’s data profile
in accordance to their Data Directives. The provider’s Data Directives determine
which data is retrievable from external Data Sources to customize the profile and
search-agent behavior. For example, a provider shares likes and engagement times
from a social media company, but not his private messages. Additionally, a data
provider may specify that they want their respective data-profile updated at regular
specified intervals, or on-demand. They could also customize their search-agent
to have access to their age and geographic information to more quickly find viable
contracts.

Given the data directives, the Data-Profile Manager coordinates with the Re-
quester and the Profile-Key Server to construct and maintain the provider’s data
profile. First, the Data-Profile Manager guides providers through the generation
of a profile encryption key which is then split with the ‘remote’ half of the key
being stored on the Profile-Key Server to ensure no single point of failure.

TheData-Profile Manager enables providers to leverage their data on the Con-
tract Exchange through its coordination of the provider profiles with the Profile-
Key Server, Smart-Contract Manager, Escrow, and the provider’s Search Agent.
As described in Section 5.4, the Search Agent finds dx-contracts that are consis-
tent with the requestor’s data profile and directives. For example, the Search Agent
returns compliant contracts posted by the dx-Insights App to a provider searching
for contracts on the open exchange to acquire DXT for data. To execute the con-
tract, theData-Profile Managermust isolate the specified data points, decrypt them
with the combined local and Profile-Key Server split-key, format the data as spec-
ified in the contract, re-encrypt the data with the requester’s public key and send

4.2 Data-Provider Components 13



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

the resulting data to the Smart-Contract Manager where the data is routed either to
the Request Manager’s Data Collection Repo, or an external Data Application, or
server, as specified in the contract. The execution of this contract is described in
detail below in Section 5.4.

4.3 Data-Exchange Components

As Figure 7 depicts, the core component underpinning the Data-Exchange is the
Smart-Contract Manager which coordinates the execution and blockchain inter-
action of dx-contracts. Note that much of the functionality described in this sec-
tion as the province of the Smart-Contract Manager component is executed by
the smart-contract itself (see Section 5.1 for the dynamics of the blockchain inter-
action throughout the lifecycle of a dx-contract). This requires the coordination
of the blockchain components, the Escrow and Contract-Evaluater to ensure the
compliant execution of dx-contracts, as well as the provider’s Data-Profile Man-
ager, Search Agent, the Request Manager andData Applications components. The
Smart-Contract Manager hosts the dx-contract exchange that internally is factored
into two categories—the data request exchange and the data product exchange.
Each have a public ‘open’ section and a ‘targeted’ section that is only viewable
by providers with the appropriate rights (see Section 5.5 for details about this dis-
tinction).

The Smart-ContractManager provides an interface to the data provider’s Search
Agent that allows access to compliant contracts, which conform to the provider’s
directives and coordinates with the Search Agent and the provider’s Data Profile
to verify that the latter is compliant with the requester’s specifications (see Section
5.4 for the details of this process). The Contract Evaluator needs to verify various
elementary aspects of smart contracts such as the soundness of control-flow, data-
flow, resource allocation, exception, and compensation management [20, 21]. On
the other hand, the Smart-Contract Manager also coordinates the enactment of con-
tracts, e.g., checking to ensure the data transferred is compliant and then signaling
the release of the DXT to the provider’s data wallet. The Smart-Contract Manager
follows a specific lifecycle [19] that comprises a specific setup [17], rollout and
enactment [18] and rollback with termination phase [22].

5 Dynamics of the Data-Exchange Ecosystem

This section describes and formalizes the dynamic behavior of the decentralized
DataWallet ecosystem with UML sequence diagrams [27] (in accordance with the
notation of Figure 3(b)). The sequence diagrams show the exchange of data, value

4.3 Data-Exchange Components 14



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

stores (DXT), and data services between data providers and requesters with the
components described in Figure 7. All exchanges described below ensure that 1)
the data provider knows exactly what data is being exchanged, 2) the data is never
available in clear text, 3) the data is only recoverable by the specific requester sig-
nified by the contract, and 4) the requester is getting data that conforms to their
specifications. Ensuring these features require transparent and auditable software
agents maintained by DataWallet, smart-contracts [23] that ensure transparent com-
pliance of all parties, and the judicious use of asymmetric cryptography between
data providers, data requesters, and DataWallet maintained software agents.

The remainder is structured as follows. Section 5.1 discusses the blockchain
transactions that we consider for achieving event traceability. Section 5.2 describes
the creation and management of data profile by data providers. Section 5.3 shows a
data requester creating and posting data-request smart contract we term dx-contract.
Section 5.4 details a simple data-transaction such as those conducted by dx-Insights.
Slightmodifications of the basic dynamic behavior required for simple data-transactions
enables more sophisticated data and product exchanges. This broader functionality
is shown in Section 5.5, which details how data products designed for the providers
as end users can be exchanged, and finally, Section 5.6, which describes how a data
provider can provide data to augment one of their existing services.

5.1 Blockchain Operations

Storing events on a blockchain is costly in terms of computing power and transac-
tion fees. In the case of Ethereum, PoW (solving cryptographic riddles for transac-
tion validation) proves to be a performance and scalability bottleneck. Thus, it is
prudent to define the minimal set of transactions that allows for the required trace-
ability in the DataWallet ecosystem.

Role
rq pr cm number operation
x x 1 DataWallet ID created (uid)
x 2 Data Sourced

x 3 Smart-contract deployed
x 4 DXT in escrow

x 5 Data sent
x x 6 Data received

x 7 Data checked
x x 8 DXT received

x 9 Smart-contract completed

Table 2: Blockchain transactions for the DataWallet ecosystem.

Table 2 lists the operations with the rq, pr, and cm columns denoting the roles
of Data requester and Data provider, Smart-Contract Manager, respectively. The
next column gives an operation ID that we will refer to throughout the remainder

5.1 Blockchain Operations 15



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

of this section to clarify how blockchain operations are used. The right-hand col-
umn briefly labels operations. Note that we keep the set of blockchain operations
minimal to limit computational and transactional costs. The minimal set of oper-
ations is chosen to optimize the a utility landscape that spans cost, performance,
DXT tracking, and latency calculations with respect to the current technology.13

We now provide a more thorough description of each operation indicated in
Table 2. Operation 1 stores the unique id (uid) of newly created data provider and
requester accounts. Operation 2 registers when a data source is integrated into a
provider’s profile. Both the time and source id are recorded. Operation 3 saves
every contract placed upon the exchange. Operation 4 records the deposit of DXT
in theEscrow associatedwith the contract. Operation 5, 6, and 7 indicateswhen data
is sent by the provider, received by the requester, and checked against one-another
to assure fidelity. Operation 8 stores the event when DXT have been received by
the provider. Finally, Operation 9 records the successful enactment and termination
of a smart-contract.

5.2 Create Data Profile

Data providers create a local data profile through a DataWallet supplied applica-
tion that is optionally hosted locally with the data provider.14 Figure 8 shows
the message-exchange protocol for data-profile creation between the responsible
agents.

Note that the message-labels of arcs in Figure 8 and all other sequence diagrams
of Section 5 represent pseudo-code that we use to facilitate the protocol explana-
tions. The creation of a profile is initiated by the data provider who interacts with
their Data-Profile Manager. The Manager orders the creation of the profile based
upon the users unique identification (uid) cr_profile(uid) and the creation of a pri-
vate user-key cr_pv_key(user). It then splits the key. It transmits half of the key to
the Profile-Key Server pv_key(uid), and stores the other half locally.

pNext, the Data-Profile Manager requests rq_fill(dd) that the provider fill out
update(dd) their data directives to control/customize their data profile and search-
agent behavior. The relevant directives are transmitted to the Profile-Key Server
and the Search Agent. For example, the types/categories of requesters the provider
wants to consider (either by exclusion via a blacklist, or by inclusion via a whitelist)
is transferred to the Search Agent. Then the Manager requests access to the data

13as the technology improves the optimum point on the transparency/efficiency trade-off will
change

14The details of this section follow providers who opt for a locally hosted data profile, but data
providers who prefer to utilize DataWallet’s cloud profile hosting can also engage with the exchange

5.2 Create Data Profile 16



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

Figure 8: Data-profile creation in a UML sequence diagram.

points the provider specified from each external Data Source rq_acces*(dd)15. For
most external Data Sources, this requires the provider to explicitly authorize the
sharing of the specified data points rq_authorization(dd). When the provider grants
this authorization gr_authorization(dd), the resulting data keys (in some cases API
keys that provide programmatic access to the data) are transferred to theProfile-Key
Server.

To then construct the provider’s collated data profile, the Data-Profile Man-
ager requests the data for each data source specified in the provider’s Data Direc-
tives. This requires requesting each data source’s key rq_d_key*(uid), receiving it
d_key*(uid). With the data key, the Manager then requests the data from the ex-
ternal Data Source rq_data*(uid, d_key). After receiving all the data data*(uid)
and collating it process_data(uid, dd), the Manager encrypts the resulting profile
encrypt(pv_key), which requires requesting and receiving the remote half of the
private key rq_pv_key(uid)/pv_key(uid).

Finally, the completion of the profile is stored on the blockchain à la Operation 1
15Note that functions that are repeatable are indicated with an asterisks, e.g. fn*(param). In this

instance requesting access will be done for each data source specified in the provider’s data directives

5.2 Create Data Profile 17



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

of Table 2. Specifically, the timestamp and uid of the profile is stored (as visualized
with the red-circled 1 seen Figure 8

5.3 Create dx-Contract

Figure 9: UML sequence diagram of the creation of data request, or dx-Contract.

Data requesters can post contracts on the open data exchange through the their
Request Manager, which coordinates with the Smart-Contract Manager and Es-
crow as described in Section 4.1. As seen in Figure 9, in order to create a contract
the requester first selects a template select_template(uid) from the pool available
in the Smart-Contract Manager. The Request Manager ensures all required fields
(see Table 1) are completed rq_fill(fields). The Request Manager then creates the
contract create_cntrct(fields), and posts it to the Smart-Contract Manager along
with the contract id (cid) and the provider’s public key (pub_key) post(cid, con-
tract, pub_key). This contract posting is saved to the blockchain (Operation 3).
The Request Manager also posts the necessary DXT into the Escrow account asso-
ciated with the contract id post(cid,DXT). This DXT allocation is recorded in the
blockchain (Operation 4) and communicated to the contract in the Smart-Contract
Manager.

5.4 Simple Data Exchange

Once a dx-contract (see Section 4.1) is placed on the open-exchange it is view-
able by the data providers’ Search Agent. In Figure 10, we describe the process by
which a provider finds and executes a data request. While users likely prefer the
agent to run in a batch mode, we examine the sequential fetching and evaluation of
contracts for clarity. To initiate a search for a simple data request on the open ex-
change, a data provider directs their Search Agent to inspect the contracts posted on
the open-exchange rq_open_contracts(uid). In order for a request to be viable for

5.3 Create dx-Contract 18



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

a data provider, the provider needs to possess all of the data points specified, and
conform to the (optionally) specified demographic information. As seen in Figure
8, providers can, through their data directives, grant the Search Agent relevant in-
formation to ensure that all contracts returned satisfy both conditions. Granting the
Search Agent the relevant data enables it to performing contract viability checks in
the optimized contract management environment. Figure 10 therefore assumes that
the Search Agent has all necessary information. Otherwise, additional communica-
tion and coordination are required between the Search Agent, the dx-contract, the
provider’s Profile Manager, and the Profile Key Server to decrypt the relevant data
points and then ensure that they conform to the dx-contract’s specifications.

An example of this process is dx-Insights posting a contract à la Section 4.1
and Table 1. For example, dx-Insights could be looking for the favorite television
shows and musical artists of 25-33 year-olds who live in cities on the east coast. A
data provider who was looking to exchange some data for DXT would be able to
quickly find such contracts that are viable for them if they have given their Search
Agent the relevant information. In this case that would be the list of fields available
in their data profile, which include favorite tv shows and musicians, as well as the
values of key demographic parameters like age and location.

Once a request has been determined to be viable, the data provider has the option
to consent to the contract consent(contracts). If the provider consents to the con-
tract then their Profile Manager selects and decrypts the agreed upon data. This is
accomplished by requesting the private profile key rq_pv_key(uid) from theProfile-
Key Server and combining it with the locally stored half. Next, the data is hashed
and sent to the contract data-hash(cid) as a reference for the fidelity of the data
transfer. The Profile Manager then encrypts the data with the requester’s public
key encrypt(req_pub_key) (which is provided with the contract). At this point, if
the contract requires, the provider stakes DXT into the Escrow deposit+(dxt). Fi-
nally, the encrypted data is sent to the specified port of the hosted Request Manager
or other compliant system.

Once the Request Manager receives the data it decrypts it with the appropriate
private key decrypt(req_pv_key).16 It then sends a hash of the decrypted data to
the Contract Manager data-hash(cid). This triggers the Contract Manager to em-
ploy the Contract Evaluator to ensure that the sent and received data hashes match,
and that all other conditions of the contract are met. If the contract is fulfilled re-
sult(cid) the Contract Manager instructs the Escrow to release the specified DXT
release(uid,cid) to the Data provider. Finally, the transaction is appended to both
the providers’ and requesters’ logs.

16The data-requester (and only the data requester) is able to decrypt the data they receive given the
asymmetric cryptography scheme employed.

5.4 Simple Data Exchange 19



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

Figure 10: UML sequence diagram of the execution of a simple data request.

The blockchain-transactions are indicated in Figure 10 with the numbered red
dots that correspond to the transaction IDs of Table 2. Thus, when the provider
stakes DXT (if required) this is stored à la 4. It is also recorded when the data is
sent from the provider’s Profile Manager (Operation 5), and when it is received
by the Request Manager (Operation 6). Operation 7 record when the Contract
Evaluator has validated the data exchange and other terms of the contract prior to
contract enactment by the Smart-Contract Manager. Operation 8 indicates when
the DXT is received by the provider. Finally, Operation 9 terminates the contract
enactment.

The next two sections describe howminor alterations to the exchange dynamics
outlined here can allow for a multitude of data and product exchanges.

5.4 Simple Data Exchange 20



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

5.5 Data-Product Exchange

Instead of requesting data in order to offer an external product such as dx-Insights
or conducting research, some applications on the App Exchange are services for the
data-providers themselves. The dynamics of such a data product exchange shares
much with the previous spot data exchange of Figure 10, but optionally requires
the data producer to exchange DXT in addition to their data, and must ensure the
service delivery.

Figure 11: Reflective data-wallet experience in a UML sequence diagram.

Consider in the example of Figure 11 a developer who has designed an appli-
cation that checks dark web sites to see if a user’s emails and passwords have been
compromised. They must specify a contract as described above and, as described in
Section 4.1 and Table 1, additionally must set the category of product from an enu-
merated list, concisely describe the product in the contract, optionally referencing
additional resources through an external link, describe the product delivery mech-
anism, state the amount of DXT required for the product and can optionally utilize
a smart-contract for the delivery method. For example, a product access password
check can be required for the token to be released. In the case of Figure 11, the de-
veloper uses the provider’s public key to encrypt the password and transmit it to the

5.5 Data-Product Exchange 21



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

data provider and optionally requires a hash validation. Note, the requester must
still stake a small amount of DXT to facilitate the contract management ecosystem.

After the completion of the data product contract, it is uploaded to the data
product exchange where it is viewable to data-providers. Note that data products
can also be targeted to specific providers using, e.g., qr codes, as described in the
next section. For example, providers then searching in the data security category
of applications see the application and (after the viability checks discussed above)
choose to exchange for the product. The provider’s data profile manager enacts the
data transfer as previously described. However, there are additional optional steps
of placing the specified DXT into escrow and providing a public key for access
code encoding. Continuing with our example, the token would be placed in escrow
until both the data and product access have been verified (via hash comparison on
the smart contract).

5.6 Augmented Experience Exchange

By specifically targeting customers, developers and businesses can augment their
users’ experience with their products. For example, a music-streaming service can
enhance their recommendation algorithm through personal user data. The dynamics
of such an augmented experience exchange elaborates the previous data service
exchange, but requires special targeted access rights to the contract.

An augmented experience contract must additionally specify the access rights.
The simplest way to restrict access is to (reasonably) assume only people expres-
sively invited have access to the contact’s unique hash leveraging the targeted ex-
change’s ‘security through anonymity’. If necessary, additional measures can be
taken, e.g., requiring data providers to supply a passcode. This hash can be com-
municated to the data provider through qr code, or manual input into the provider’s
profile manager. Data provider’s search agent can then access the targeted contracts
they have been made aware of, and after checking the viability of the contract, give
providers the option to consent and engage in the contract. The dynamics of this
interaction parallel those of the data service exchange albeit with additional com-
plexity external to the exchange. The data application developer must ensure that
the augmented experience is built upon the provider’s data and granted to their as-
sociated account.

6 Conclusion

This whitepaper presents theDataWallet ecosystem, a blockchain-technology based
data-exchange application that allows data producers to reclaim the data they cre-

5.6 Augmented Experience Exchange 22



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

ate online from those that use it for their own profit. In giving data producers
fine-grained control of their data, DataWallet solves several currently existing prob-
lems, not only for the data producers, but also for the data consumers. First, the silo
problem is overcome by being able to deterministically combine datasets across the
walled gardens of the internet. Second, collating these datasets in an intelligent way
via smart contracts, resolves the data quality problem. Third, the ethics problem is
resolved by ensuring that every data point was expressively consented to be shared
by the people who produced it. Consequently, this whitepaper presented require-
ments that resolve these three issues for data consumers as well as the injustice of
monetizing people’s data behind their backs. The paper then derived the static ar-
chitecture of the DataWallet-ecosystem from these requirements and subsequently
described how its dynamic behavior enables disintermediated data-exchange using
blockchain based smart-contracts.

The DataWallet requirements show that the ecosystem’s main value proposition
is to facilitate the secure and consensual exchange of data.17 In Section 3, the
value proposition was hierarchically refined with functional sub-goals that were
assigned to the stakeholders of data provider and requester. The former controls
the refining DataWallet functions of managing data profiles andmanaging available
contracts. The latter controls the functions for creating data requests and offering
data products.

In Section 4, we derived a static architecture for the DataWallet ecosystem from
the goal models, which resulted in three coherent sets of distributed components.
The data provider group of components are a data-profile manager that coordinates
security through a profile-key server, the creation and maintenance of a data profile
through external data sources, and a search agent to interface with the smart con-
tract exchanges. The blockchain-technology driven data exchange is comprised of
a smart-contract manager that coordinates with a DXT-housing escrow and a con-
tract evaluator. Finally, the data requester group of components centers around a
requester-manager component that interfaces with the escrow, the smart-contract
manager, and the provider’s data applications. In addition to these three groups
of components the data-exchange contract template is an essential element of the
static DataWallet ecosystem comprising mandatory and optional data fields, and
specifications for operationalizing actions for data requests and products.

In Section 5, the running case was used to show several interaction protocols be-
tween the architecture components. It outlined the minimum set of eight blockchain
operations that allow for immutable dynamic protocol-event traceability. Conse-
quently, we showed four running cases of the dynamic protocol for creating data

17The quality goals of the system must be realized in the implementation with architecture and
software styles and patterns, which are out of focus for this whitepaper.

23



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

profiles, performing a data spot-transaction for the provider consuming additional
music, data-product exchangewhere the data provider checks if he has been hacked,
and an augmented experience exchange where the data-wallet requester starts a
media campaign. Note that all four protocols show at which points in time the
blockchain stores transaction events by executing the eight detected operations.

The resulting systemwill be developed in stages, as described in Appendix A.3.
However, each stage of the development represents a viable product that addresses
pressing issues for both data providers and data consumers, and culminates in a
fully disintermediated, consent-based, data exchange. The resulting system has
the potential to nurture the next generation of personal data products and AI-based
customized experiences, finally allowing internet users to make their data work for
them.

References

[1] C.C. Aggarwal and C.X. Zhai. Mining text data. Springer Science & Business
Media, 2012.

[2] I. Alqassem. Privacy and security requirements framework for the internet of
things (iot). In Companion Proceedings of the 36th International Conference
on Software Engineering, pages 739–741. ACM, 2014.

[3] O. Arias, J. Wurm, K. Hoang, and Y. Jin. Privacy and security in internet of
things and wearable devices. IEEE Transactions on Multi-Scale Computing
Systems, 1(2):99–109, 2015.

[4] R. Baheti and H. Gill. Cyber-physical systems. The impact of control tech-
nology, 12:161–166, 2011.

[5] K. Balasubramanian, A. Gokhale, G. Karsai, J. Sztipanovits, and S. Neema.
Developing applications usingmodel-driven design environments. Computer,
39(2):33–40, 2006.

[6] D. Bell. Uml basics: The component diagram. IBM Global Services, 2004.

[7] I. Bentov, A. Gabizon, and A. Mizrahi. Cryptocurrencies Without Proof of
Work, pages 142–157. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, Berlin, Heidelberg, 2016.

[8] K. Bhargavan, A. Delignat-Lavaud, C. Fournet, A. Gollamudi, G. Gonthier,
N. Kobeissi, N. Kulatova, A. Rastogi, T. Sibut-Pinote, N. Swamy, and
S. Zanella-Béguelin. Formal verification of smart contracts: Short paper.
In Proceedings of the 2016 ACM Workshop on Programming Languages and

REFERENCES 24



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

Analysis for Security, PLAS ’16, pages 91–96, New York, NY, USA, 2016.
ACM.

[9] D.M. Blei. Probabilistic topic models. Commun. ACM, 55(4):77–84, April
2012.

[10] L. Chung, B.A. Nixon, . Yu, and J. Mylopoulos. Non-functional requirements
in software engineering, volume 5. Springer Science&BusinessMedia, 2012.

[11] P. Dai, N. Mahi, J. Earls, and A. Norta. Smart-contract value-transfer proto-
cols on a distributed mobile application platform. URL: https://qtum. org/u-
ploads/files/cf6d69348ca50dd985b60425ccf282f3. pdf, 2017.

[12] N. Dalvi and D. Suciu. Management of probabilistic data: Foundations and
challenges. In Proceedings of the Twenty-sixth ACM SIGMOD-SIGACT-
SIGART Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, PODS ’07, pages
1–12, New York, NY, USA, 2007. ACM.

[13] Zyskind G., NathanO., and Pentland A. Decentralizing privacy: Using
blockchain to protect personal data. In 2015 IEEE Security and Privacy Work-
shops, pages 180–184, May 2015.

[14] G. Kotonya and I. Sommerville. Requirements engineering: processes and
techniques. Wiley Publishing, 1998.

[15] N. Kshetri. Privacy and security issues in cloud computing: The role of in-
stitutions and institutional evolution. Telecommunications Policy, 37(4):372–
386, 2013.

[16] L. Luu, V. Narayanan, C. Zheng, K. Baweja, S. Gilbert, and P. Saxena. A
secure sharding protocol for open blockchains. In Proceedings of the 2016
ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security, CCS
’16, pages 17–30, New York, NY, USA, 2016. ACM.

[17] A. Norta. Creation of Smart-Contracting Collaborations for Decentralized
Autonomous Organizations, pages 3–17. Springer International Publishing,
Cham, 2015.

[18] A. Norta. Establishing Distributed Governance Infrastructures for Enacting
Cross-Organization Collaborations, pages 24–35. Springer Berlin Heidel-
berg, Berlin, Heidelberg, 2016.

[19] A. Norta. Designing a Smart-Contract Application Layer for Transacting De-
centralized Autonomous Organizations, pages 595–604. Springer Singapore,
Singapore, 2017.

REFERENCES 25



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

[20] A. Norta, P. Grefen, and N.C Narendra. A reference architecture for man-
aging dynamic inter-organizational business processes. Data & Knowledge
Engineering, 91(0):52 – 89, 2014.

[21] A. Norta, L. Ma, Y. Duan, A. Rull, M. Kõlvart, and K. Taveter. eContrac-
tual choreography-language properties towards cross-organizational business
collaboration. Journal of Internet Services and Applications, 6(1):1–23, 2015.

[22] A. Norta, A. B. Othman, and K. Taveter. Conflict-resolution lifecycles for
governed decentralized autonomous organization collaboration. In Proceed-
ings of the 2015 2Nd International Conference on Electronic Governance
and Open Society: Challenges in Eurasia, EGOSE ’15, pages 244–257, New
York, NY, USA, 2015. ACM.

[23] A. Norta, A. Vedeshin, H. Rand, S. Tobies, A. Rull, M. Poola, and T. Rull.
Self-aware agent-supported contract management on blockchains for legal
accountability. URL: http://whitepaper. agrello. org/Agrello_Self-Aware_
Whitepaper. pdf, 2017.

[24] B.S. Panikkar, S. Nair, P. Brody, and V. Pureswaran. ADEPT: An IoT Prac-
titioner Perspective, 2014.

[25] S. Prince, P. Li, Y. Fu, U. Mohammed, and J. Elder. Probabilistic models for
inference about identity. IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis andMachine
Intelligence, 34(1):144–157, Jan 2012.

[26] R. Ragunathan, I. Lee, L. Sha, and J. Stankovic. Cyber-physical systems: The
next computing revolution. In Proceedings of the 47th Design Automation
Conference, DAC ’10, pages 731–736, New York, NY, USA, 2010. ACM.

[27] J. Rumbaugh, I. Jacobson, and G. Booch. Unified Modeling Language Refer-
ence Manual, The (2Nd Edition). Pearson Higher Education, 2004.

[28] S. Sicari, A. Rizzardi, L. A. Grieco, and A. Coen-Porisini. Security, privacy
and trust in internet of things: The road ahead. Computer Networks, 76:146–
164, 2015.

[29] L. Sterling and K. Taveter. The art of agent-oriented modeling. MIT Press,
2009.

[30] A. S. Tanenbaum and M. Van Steen. Distributed systems: principles and
paradigms. Prentice-Hall, 2007.

REFERENCES 26



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

[31] M. Vukolić. The Quest for Scalable Blockchain Fabric: Proof-of-Work vs.
BFT Replication, pages 112–125. Springer International Publishing, Cham,
2016.

[32] R.M. Weber and B.D. Horn. Breaking bad security vulnerabilities. Journal
of Financial Service Professionals, 71(1):50–54, 2017.

[33] G. Wood. Ethereum: A secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger.
Ethereum Project Yellow Paper, 2014.

Appendix

A Ecosystem Development Roadmap

The following describes the roadmap for development of the transparent, opt-in data
marketplace. There are three major milestone versions of the marketplace ecosys-
tem. Our current implementation—the v.10, the smart-contract based ecosystem
v.20, and the decentralized stored v3.0.

It is important to note that the current implementation timeline is built upon a
number of assumptions. There are both technological assumptions as well as com-
munity demand/business assumptions. The community demand assumptions, e.g.,
that there is a substantial demand for a fully decentralized solution à la Milestone
3, have informed our long-term development goals. However, these plans only re-
flect our research and experience in the current ecosystem. Subsequent research
and community engagement may point to more desirable data storing, managing,
and exchanging solutions. The technological assumptions include the emergence
of scalable implementations of some currently unscalable solutions and open re-
search questions. We have striven to factor in this uncertainty into our milestone
progression, but the emergence of necessary technologies can impact the proposed
timeline. Exogenous circumstances may therefore impact this roadmap, but signif-
icant deviations will be clearly communicated and explained to the community.

A.1 v1.0—Current Implementation

In the current implementation of the Data-Exchange, data providers manage their
profiles through a mobile device. The data profiles are collated into a central
database and all data sales are mediated by dx-Insights.

27



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

A.1.1 Data-Requester System

There is no open Data Product Marketplace. Companies interested in accessing
providers’ data do so through dx-Insights.

A.1.2 Data-Provider System

The Data-Profile Manager is the DataWallet mobile app, which is available for
iOS and android. It communicates with a DataWallet-hosted Key-Server and a
DataWallet-hosted centralized database. Potential data requests are posted directly
in mobile application.

A.1.3 Data-Exchange System

All data exchanges originate from dx-Insights and posted in the mobile application.

A.2 v2.0—Smart-Contract Based

The Smart-contract based ecosystem embeds the promise ofDataWallet—transparent,
opt-in data exchanges—directly into the architecture. At this stage the fidelity of
the system is not dependent upon a trusted party (DataWallet). The assurances
of the system are structural and verifyable by interested members of the commu-
nity. All PII is encrypted with a private key that only the data providers themselves
posses. All data-transactions therefore necessitate the expressive consent of data
providers. The Data Product Marketplace is open such that Data Providers are not
limited to interacting with dx-Insights; Data Requesters can publish products to
the marketplace. The Data Exchange is open—all data requests are executed by
smart-contracts on the blockchain.

A.2.1 Data-Requester System

Data Product Marketplace is open. Requesters can create data requests through the
online interface or programmatically with the API.

A.2.2 Data-Provider System

All data stored on DataWallet-hosted centralized database is encrypted with a pri-
vate key that only the data providers themselves posses. Exchanges are searchable
from the provider mobile app.

A.2 v2.0—Smart-Contract Based 28



Blockchain Wallet for Data Exchange

A.2.3 Data-Exchange System

The Data Exchange is open—all data requests are executed by smart-contracts on
the blockchain coordinating the provider’s data profile and the requester’s Request-
Manager.

A.3 v3.0—Fully Decentralized Data Profiles

The Ecosystem with fully decentralized data profiles is the ultimate realization of
the self-sovereign wallet. Interested Providers can store their profiles on systems
of their choosing and interact directly with the Data Exchange.

A.3.1 Data-Provider System

Data-Profiles can be created locally using open and auditable code. Data Profile
structure and Search agents are similarly open sourced and customizable (as long
as they provide the necessary interface to smart-contract exchange).

A.3 v3.0—Fully Decentralized Data Profiles 29


	Introduction
	Running Case and Background Literature
	Background Literature

	Goals of Data-Exchange Ecosystem
	High-Level Requirements
	Data-Provider Requirements
	Data Requester Requirements

	Data-Exchange Architecture
	Data-Requester Components
	Data-Provider Components
	Data-Exchange Components

	Dynamics of the Data-Exchange Ecosystem
	Blockchain Operations
	Create Data Profile
	Create dx-Contract
	Simple Data Exchange
	Data-Product Exchange
	Augmented Experience Exchange

	Conclusion
	Appenix
	Ecosystem Development Roadmap
	v1.0—Current Implementation
	Data-Requester System
	Data-Provider System
	Data-Exchange System

	v2.0—Smart-Contract Based
	Data-Requester System
	Data-Provider System
	Data-Exchange System

	v3.0—Fully Decentralized Data Profiles
	Data-Provider System



