







































 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CRYPTOCURRENCY WALLET AND  

WORLDWIDE DEBIT CARDS 
 

 

 

 

 

DENARO  

WHITEPAPER 
  



 2 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

ABSTRACT 

PART I 

Introduction     

Highlighting The Problem    

The Denaro Solution     

 

PART II 

Technical Overview     

Blockchain Technology     

Smart Contracts      

 

PART III 

Denaro Ecosystem  

DNO Token     

DNO Wallet 

DNO Debit Card 

 

PART IV 

Initial Coin Offering 

Structure 

Token Distribution 

How to Participate 

Promotion     

Road Map     

 

PART IV: 

Team 

Important Notice 

 



 3 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

 

Abstract 

 

An estimated two billion people remain unbanked globally with no access to 

basic financial services. Providing financial services to these people has been 

identified as the key component in the movement required to advance the 

elimination of world poverty. Using blockchain technology, FinTech companies 

have been grinding away (to varying degrees of success) to reinvent banking 

services and eliminate entry barriers. One problem, however, continues to 

hold them back; this problem is liquidity.  

 

Cryptocurrencies have exploded into the mainstream. Pioneered by Bitcoin, 

cryptocurrencies are transforming financial landscapes and the concept of 

money. However, real-world usage of these digital assets remains limited, 

especially when it comes to paying for services. Most merchants remain wary 

of cryptocurrencies, and those who actually venture to accept them must 

tackle the process of deciding which cryptocurrencies to integrate – alienating 

users of other cryptocurrencies and limiting their potential market.  

 

At present, cryptocurrencies are merely being viewed as vehicles for 

speculation, while cash and credit card remains king when it comes to 

functionality and physical use. Denaro is the solution that addresses this 

problem. 

 

Denaro is a multi-currency debit card platform that enables users to access, 

store, and spend their cryptocurrencies like any other debit card. We have 

designed and developed a blockchain-based platform where users can 

seamlessly utilize their cryptos for their daily activities. Through payment 

terminals for merchants, IBAN numbers, and API/SCI functions, Denaro will 

seamlessly bridge the gap between the crypto community and the traditional 

financial structure (and user) in the future of monetary payments. 



 4 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

  

Introduction 

 

Lately, you can just about buy anything with cryptocurrency — from real 

estates to top of the line supercars. However, when it comes to shopping for 

groceries or buying a latte in your favourite café, it’s back to good ol’ fiat 

currencies. 

 

Cryptocurrency offers an unprecedented level of security and protection when 

it comes to the storage and transfer of values. Its disintermediation of 

traditional financial infrastructure and decentralized service delivery has 

availed millions of people all around the world by providing access to 

transparent banking services.  

 

Traditional banking facilities, on the other hand, are notorious for their 

excruciating queues, lack of transparency, high banking fees, draconic 

registration processes, and international transfer woes. Yet, people have no 

choice but to put up with it due to one reason — liquidity. 

 

Liquidity is the measurement of how easily/quickly an asset or security can be 

bought or sold without affecting the market price. Cash is widely considered to 

be the most liquid asset due to its seamless ability to change states while 

retaining the same value. It is easily converted into virtually any asset within a 

very short period of time and its value is readily known.  

 

What if there was a payment solution offering users the privacy and security of 

cryptocurrencies while retaining the liquidity we’re used to with cash? What if 

there was a solution that allowed users to spend cryptocurrencies as easily as 

cash without the need to juggle numerous wallets or employ third-party 

services to convert it? What if the solution was as simple as swiping a card? 

Well, that solution is here — with Denaro. 



 5 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

The Denaro Solution  

 

Denaro is a versatile payment solution that enables users to store, spend, and 

transfer their cryptocurrencies to an intuitive interface.  

Through securely developed and customizable SCI/APIs for merchant 

services, Denaro facilitates the payment of goods and services (online or 

offline) through a web wallet and physical debit card.  

 

Denaro offers the following benefits: 

 

For Merchants 

 

● Securely receive payments in BTC, ETH, or DNO through customizable 

SCI/APIs without worrying about having to handle multiple wallet 

addresses.  

● Instantaneous conversion of cryptos to BTC, ETH, or DNO and vice 

versa. 

● Accept payments in fiat and instantly convert cryptocurrencies to fiat to 

hedge against volatility. 

● Discounts and bonuses for merchants with volumes higher than 

$500,000, including; 1 free payment terminal and 50% off debit-card 

charges. 

● An International Bank Account Number (IBAN) for receiving 

international transactions in fiat 

● Personalized debit-card designs for merchants with high volumes. 

 

For Users 

 

● Store, spend and send Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Denaro from a single 

user interface. 

● Shop online and offline using a multi-cryptocurrency debit card. 



 6 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

 

 

 

● No additional fees for sending cryptocurrencies outside of the Denaro 

wallet; only network fees apply. 

● An International Bank Account Number (IBAN) for receiving 

international transactions in fiat. 

● Personalized debit-card designs for users with high volume. 

  

 

  



 7 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

BLOCKCHAIN 

 

The blockchain is a public, distributed ledger of all transactions in a given 

system. It constantly grows as completed blocks (transactional information) 

are added to it. These blocks are built in a linear and chronological order 

through cryptography.  

 

Being a public system, information stored on the blockchain is readily 

available to all users; anytime, anywhere. However, its distributed nature 

ensures that this information is tamper-proof and immutable. The blockchain is 

rapidly permeating global economic systems — lowering costs, reducing risk, 

enhancing efficiency, and ushering new-found levels of trust through 

disintermediation of services.  

 

One sector that is being revolutionized by this emerging technology is the 

financial sector. The advent of blockchain technology has shed light upon a 

greatly-needed trust in financial transactions through direct peer-to-peer 

transactions, bypassing traditional intermediaries.   

 

The global financial system is enormous, requiring massive coordinated 

manpower and resources just to process a single transaction. Intermediaries 

are always required to send, receive and verify transactions, resulting in a 

slow and cumbersome process. These intermediaries are human and are 

prone to human failings, often resulting in catastrophic outcomes like the 

global financial crash of 2008-09. They are also, more often, targets of fraud 

and fraudulent activities which have resulted in very restrictive regulations 

being instated and overall higher costs for everyone.  

  

The global financial crisis of 2008-09 — the worst economic disaster since the 

Great Depression of 1929 — brought untold hardships to millions all over the 

world and a credit crunch that we are yet to recover from. Global economic  



 8 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

 

 

growth is yet to return to the rates it saw before the financial crisis. Most 

companies have been forced to restructure and lay off workers; 

unemployment rates are still too high. 

 

Blockchain’s elimination of third parties and immutability is facilitating a 

paradigm shift towards a more secure, transparent, and decentralized banking 

system that firmly places control back into the hands of the users.  

 

  



 9 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

SMART CONTRACT 

 

Smart contracts take the blockchain disintermediation of services one step 

further by implementing autonomous and self-executing computer protocols 

that only trigger when certain pre-agreed terms or conditions are met. 

Because these protocols are built on blockchain technology, they are capable 

of verifying and enforcing contract terms without third-party supervision. Since 

nobody controls them, they also serve as a trustless escrow service. 

 

Smart contracts offer a trustless hedged escrow that aims to protect 

cryptocurrency value for users, as well as processing the platform revenue 

stream and handing out rewards as incentives. 

 

Trustless Escrow 

With smart contracts, the user no longer needs to trust a centralized platform 

or third-party to send, store, or spend their cryptocurrencies. Through smart 

contracts, users are able to seamlessly convert from one supported 

cryptocurrency to the other (and even to fiat currencies) on the platform. 

Merchant services can also protect themselves against the notorious volatility 

of cryptocurrencies by instantly converting cryptocurrencies to fiat currencies 

using smart contracts.  

  

 

  



 10 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

DENARO ECOSYSTEM 

 

Denaro is a seamless payment ecosystem aiming to bridge the divide 

between crypto and the mainstream market. The platform enables companies 

and individuals to send, spend, store, and exchange cryptocurrencies and fiat 

currencies through secure web wallets, physical debit cards, merchant 

payment terminals, and IBANs. 

 

IBAN 

 

An IBAN (International Bank Account Number) is an internationally accepted 

identification code for transactions between banks in different countries. This 

number helps foreign banks check the legitimacy of the account they are 

transacting with, as well as helping them identify the financial institution and 

country they are dealing with. IBAN makes cross-border payment easier and 

faster to process. 

 

Denaro Wallet 

 

The Denaro Wallet is central to every interaction in the Denaro ecosystem. It 

is a secure storage and exchange platform for both cryptocurrencies and fiat 

currencies, enabling users to deposit, hold, send, and exchange supported 

cryptos and fiat.  

 

Merchants can freely choose and switch between different blockchain assets 

for payments. Users can convert from BTC, ETH, DNO and vice versa, utilise 

peer-to-peer transfers and exchanges, and pay for merchant services. 

 

Users can create their wallet through the web portal or download the free 

Denaro mobile app (which will be available for both Android and iOS devices). 

Once the account has been created, users can immediately access their multi- 



 11 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

 

 

currency wallet using their private key and instantly deposit to it with their 

preferred cryptocurrency. To load the card: the user simply logs on, navigates 

to the deposit section and chooses which of the currency they would like to 

deposit into the account. Once the asset has been deposited, the card will be 

loaded automatically. They can also deposit fiat currencies in the same way. 

 

Denaro Token 

 

Denaro aims to offer a constantly-evolving token that will always meet the 

demands of the users and accommodate the best features of the blockchain. 

This token will be known as DNO. DNO is a utility token and will drive all 

settlement on the network, as well as entitling holders to a wide variety of 

exclusive advantages, including bonuses, discounts, and merchant services 

on the network. 

 

For Users: 

● Increased accessibility to premium services when DNO is used 

frequently enough for transactions on the network. 

● Discounts when paying for merchant services 

● Significantly reduced transaction fees (nearing 0%) 

● Bonus tokens for high-volume transactions 

● Discounts on debit card top-ups 

 

For Merchants: 

● Reduced risk of volatility 

● Increased liquidity in comparison to other cryptocurrencies 

● Free payment terminal for high-volume transactions 

A portion of the network’s transaction fees will be distributed among existing 

DNO holders when certain milestones are accomplished.  



 12 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

 

Denaro Debit Card 

 

  

All cryptocurrency users face the 

same challenge when it comes to 

physically spending their digital 

assets — limited avenues and 

opportunity. Crypto users are yet to 

be afforded the luxury of paying for 

goods and services in 

cryptocurrencies due to the fact that most merchant services still prefer fiat 

and credit over crypto. The handful of merchant services that are willing to 

support these new currencies tend to support a single crypto. However, this 

"afforded luxury" is currently being undermined by market volatility, forcing 

these services to suspend support. 

 

This shouldn't be the case. Cryptocurrencies offer advanced fraud protection, 

privacy, lowered fees and are impervious to counterfeit and arbitrary reversals 

and chargebacks. Buying goods and services with them should be as easy as 

fiat, if not easier. The Denaro Debit Card addresses this problem. 

 

With a Denaro Debit Card, users will be able to load cryptocurrencies like 

BTC, ETH, and DNO onto a physical debit card and spend them in millions of 

online and offline stores worldwide. 

 

 

  



 13 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

Denaro API 

 

Denaro offers secure and customizable APIs for developers to add DNO and 

supported cryptocurrencies to their services as a local or global payment 

method. Denaro’s intuitive APIs can easily be customized for any blockchain-

based exchange of values.  

 

Security Algorithm 

 

Built on an Ethereum-blockchain protocol, DNO tokens possess secured 

hashing via smart contract and Private-Key Signatures (PKS) for instant and 

truly private transactions. 

  

 

  



 14 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

TARGET AUDIENCE AND USE CASES 

 

Denaro wants to make crypto payments as easy as sending a message, 

thereby propagating its usage and accessibility for the global economy. This 

accessibility will be through its revolutionary multi-cryptocurrency card and 

API/SCI functionalities for merchant platforms.  

 

Denaro is set to become a one-stop solution as a cryptocurrency exchange 

ecosystem for companies and individuals due to ease-of-use and speed 

regardless of geographical and banking boundaries. 

 

Funds are securely stored on a unique cryptocurrency wallet for each user 

that can easily be loaded onto the debit card. Denaro uses a multi-layered 

security protocol that ensures the loss of the card will not compromise the 

user's account or funds, as all funds are stored on the users' wallet and 

secured by their private key. Misplaced or lost cards can easily be managed 

from the account — canceled or replaced.  

 

Users can send funds to their loved ones, colleagues, employees, and favorite 

stores from anywhere in the world without the need for excessive bank 

charges and long confirmation times that we are all too familiar with in 

traditional banking systems. With Denaro, transactions take less than a minute 

and are completely free for tokenholders. Users will also have total control of 

their payments and transfers, as well as being able to convert to and from 

cryptocurrencies and fiat. 

  

 

  



 15 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

ROADMAP 

 

Denaro’s liquidity is based on synergistic connections of blockchains, payment 

gateways, and partners to create a safe exchange ecosystem on a single, 

decentralized platform. The platform’s principles are based on a fair exchange 

of value, transparency, security of funds, and competitive rates. As Denaro 

continues to grow, so will the degree of the benefits for users as they will be 

able to store and exchange cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies at lower rates 

and reduced processing times. 

 

 Market Research — 2017 February 

 Business Strategy and Planning — 2017 April 

 Private investor attraction — 2017 May 

 Company registration — 2017 June 

 Seeking specialists — 2017 June 

 Wallet beta development and testing — 2017 July 

 Whitepaper preparation — 2017 August 

 Concept of cryptocurrency Payment Terminals and IBANs — 2017 

November 

 Smart contract development/testing/security auditing — 2017 

November 

 Open beta launch of the Denaro Multi-Cryptocurrency Wallet — 2018 

January 

 ICO launches alongside a publicity campaign — 2018 February 

 ICO ends  — 2018 March 

 DNO’s first exchange listing — 2018 March 

 iOS and Android app development — 2018 March  

 Cryptocurrency Payment Terminal development — 2018 end of March 

 Attending CoinFest UK — 2018 5th April 

 Public launch of DENARO project — 2018 first week of May 

 Attending Consensus conference — 2018 14-16th May 

 Listing on popular exchanges — 2018 end of May 

 Quality-of-life improvements — 2018 June - ongoing 



 16 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

TOKEN SALE 

 

To facilitate the development of the platform, Denaro will launch a public Initial 

Coin Offering (ICO). A limited amount of DNO will be distributed during the 

event. Participants will be able to contribute to the event using ETH, BTC, LTC 

and epay.com’s fiat payment gateway.  

● Token Name: DNO 

● Total Supply: 100, 000, 000 

● Price: 3000 DNO/ETH or equivalent 

● Hard cap: 65,000,000 

 

The Denaro token smart contract is programmed to mint up to 100M ERC-20 

compliant tokens. The mint token function will create the designated number 

of tokens and transfer them to the ETH address provided. After the event, no 

other DNO tokens will ever be minted and all unsold tokens will be burned. 

The token contract specifications: 

● Address: 0x10b35b348fd49966f2baf81df35a511c18bd1f80 

● Symbol: DNO 

● Decimals: 7 

 

The Denaro token sale will offer the following bonus structure: 

● The first 15 million tokens sold include a 25% bonus for both the private 

and public sale. 

● The next 20 million tokens sold (within the 15m-35m token stage) come 

with a 10% bonus. 

● The 25 million tokens sold within the 35m-60m token stage contain a 

5% bonus. 

● The final 5 million tokens (the 60-65M stage) do not award a bonus. 

  

 

  



17 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 

Pre-ICO 

The Denaro private sale will offer DNO tokens to early contributors and 

investors to expedite platform development and facilitate the launch of the 

main/public token sale. The offer is scheduled as follows: 

● Supply: 2,500,000

● Price: 3000 DNO/ETH

● Bonus: 25%

● Duration: 7 Days

Main ICO 

Denaro will offer the remaining 62,500,000 DNO tokens a month after the 

private sales. The soft cap for the main/public ICO is 10,000,000 DNO. 

● Minimum Contribution: $10

● Maximum Contribution: $100,000 (for contributions larger than the

maximum amount, please contact support@denaro.io for proper

processing and bonus allocation)

● Bonus: Starting from 25% and decreasing throughout the token sale

when certain milestones are hit

● Duration: 35 Days

● Referral Commission: 3%



18 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 

TOKEN ALLOCATION 

DNO tokens will be distributed as follows: 

● 65% — Crowdsale

● 13% — Team and Development: Token allocation for the team will be 

locked up for 8 months to incentivize platform development.

● 7% — Marketing: Denaro will drum up publicity for the platform, 

especially in the period leading to milestone releases/roadmap feature 

implementation.

● 3% — Board of Advisors

● 4% — Bounty

● 3% — Referral Commissions

● 5% — Reserve 

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION 

2,500,000 DNO Token will be distributed over a 7-day period beginning on 

January 30, 2018 at  12:00 UTC and ending on February 6, 2018 at 11:59:59 

UTC coinciding with DNO pre-ICO event 

62,500,000 DNO Token will be distributed over the 35-day period for DNO 

main token sale. The event will start on February 9, 2017 at 12:00 UTC and 

ends March 15, 2017 at 11:59:59 UTC.  

Tokens will be distributed via smart contracts on a first-come-first-serve basis 



 19 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

TEAM                                     

 

 

 

 

 

Ron Ramsey 

CEO, Co-Founder 

 

 

Ron’s exemplary education is just a small portion of his proven track record. As a passionate 

economist, Ron has previously served the world of economics well. While working as an 

Economic Development Director at London Computer Systems, Ron was also actively 

following and researching blockchain technology and the cryptocurrency movement that was 

occuring; he realised, along with Jeremy, that a solution was in demand that he could 

provide and it was then that he took the plunge and started the Denaro project. 

 

 

Jeremy Boker 

CFO, Co-Founder 

 
 

 

Jeremy has established a very respectable history of happy clients over the last decade, 

serving primarily as a Project Manager, Head of Information Technology and Business 

Consultant. He completed his Bachelor’s in Business at Kentucky State University and his 

Master’s in IT at London Metropolitan University. Together with Ron, Jeremy is responsible 

for the inception of the Denaro concept. 
 

 

 

Amy Archer 

Head of Legal Department 

 

 

At Denaro, the legal field is bossed by Amy. Experienced in specialist roles from her time at 

The London Law Agency, she comes complete with a Master’s degree obtained at the 

prestigious London Business School. Along with Amy’s knowledge and expertise, it was her 

insatiable passion for law that stood out to us and drove us to get her on board. 

 

 

 

 



20 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 

Freya Wilkins 
Financial Analyst 

Freya’s entire career and education has been built upon finance. She boasts a Master’s 

Degree in Banking and Financial Support Services as well as an impressive tenure that 

includes a role as a Financial Analyst at London Economics International. With finance at 

heart, Freya is a true asset to the Denaro team. 

Patrick Bradshaw 

Back End Developer 

As is evident from his education, Patrick’s mind has always been set on a career in 

computer programing. Before Denaro, he served primarily as a Chief Programmer, providing 

development services that have been praised by his employers as “first-class”. The 

languages Patrick knows include JS, Python and PHP. 

Jamie Douglas 

Front-End Developer 

Jamie knows the following languages: HTML,CSS, Javascript and Java. Understanding the 

importance of visual impressions, Jamie combines graphics design and computer 

programming to unify front-end development and construct stunning user-friendly interfaces 

that hit off with the public eye.



 21 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

 

 

 

 

Daniel Armstrong 

Writer & Editor-in-Chief 

 

 

 

As a tenured writer, editor and proofreader, Daniel provides industry-leading services and 

expertise in the areas of cryptocurrency, blockchain technology and branding. He possesses 

8 years of professional experience working for an array of over 300 clients, including the 

likes of Blocklancer, Gimli and Hello! Magazine. Daniel’s interest in cryptocurrencies was 

sparked in 2014 in the form of a Reddit thread on blockchain technology — he has been 

hooked ever since. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Daniel Stanciu 

Social Media Specialist 

 

 

Born into the digital era, Daniel’s first use of social media dates back to the early days of 

MySpace and Facebook; he has consistently used it as a medium for expression 

thenceforth. After finishing his Bachelor’s Degree in Bucharest, he dove straight into a career 

in social media, and to this day, has not looked back. He now boasts a mean set of attributes 

and skills that relate to his role, including the ability to identify optimal target audiences and 

carefully address them in ways that trigger resonation  



 22 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

IMPORTANT NOTICE 

 

This document does not constitute an offer of securities nor a promotion, 

invitation or solicitation for investment purposes. The terms of the contribution 

are not intended to be a financial service offering document nor a prospectus. 

The token offering involves and relates to the development and use of 

experimental software and technologies that may not come to fruition or 

achieve the objectives specified in this white paper.  

 

The purchase of tokens represents high risk to all contributors. Tokens do not 

represent equity, shares, units, royalties nor rights to capital, profit or income 

in the network or software or in the entity that issues tokens or any other 

company or intellectual property associated with the network or any other 

public or private enterprise, corporation, foundation or other entity in any 

jurisdiction.  

 

If you are not sure about joining the ITS (Initial Token Sale), please consult 

professional advisors on legal, tax and financial matters in your jurisdiction. 

The DNO tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. 

This whitepaper does not intend to constitute an offer of buying securities or a 

solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. 

This whitepaper does not contain any recommendations or advice to sell or 

purchase DNO tokens neither from a vendor nor from the Distributor. It does 

not constitute an investment decision or contract, meaning that this document 

cannot be used as the basis for an investment or concluding an investment 

agreement. 

 

No person is required to conclude an agreement or legally-binding obligation 

with respect to the sale and purchase of the DNO tokens. Any cryptocurrency 

or other payment form will not be accepted based on this whitepaper. 

 



 23 Copyright © 2018 Denaro ICO 
 

 

 

Any information provided in this whitepaper has not been approved or 

checked by regulatory bodies and authorities. Publishing and distributing this 

whitepaper does not mean that it has complied with the laws, regulatory 

requirements, rules or regulations. 

 

This whitepaper and any other part or section of it must not be transmitted to 

countries in which the distribution of this whitepaper is restricted or banned. 

 

 


