

















































Devery.io: An open-source protocol for verification services

on the Ethereum network.

Andrew Rasheed, Antoine Najjarin, Chironjit Das

18th November, 2017

Abstract
Devery.io is developing the Devery Protocol, a decentralized verification platform that enables marking
and tracking over the Ethereum network. The protocol allows manufacturers, brands, retailers and any
other party to assign unique signatures to any products, services or digital goods sold, issued and traded
online. The unique signatures are stored on the Ethereum network and can be queried to determine
contextual data (including location, date, manufacturer/point-of-origin and the identification of the
verifying party). Verification is not limited to the sale of physical goods and services, and can be
extended to verifying the authenticity and legitimacy of any digital goods and services (such as
certificates and courses).

The protocol is the base layer of the Devery ecosystem. It can be used to build application level
verification services and can be integrated with any existing e-commerce stores, applications or services.
This fosters a competitive market of third-party verification services for specialty commercial markets,
such as the clothing and apparel industry, technology, food markets, raw materials, education and other
digitally sold goods and services.

An operational token, the Entry Verification Engine (EVE), is the engine that powers the protocol. The
EVE token is required to generate unique signatures and contextual data on the protocol. Any
application that builds on top of the Devery protocol requires the user to spend EVE tokens, which are
received by the owner of the application as a fee for their verification services.

1



Contents

1 Background 3

2 Market Players 4
2.1 The seller . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
2.2 The purchaser . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
2.3 The mediator . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4

3 Devery Protocol and Ecosystem 5
3.1 Decentralized protocol layer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
3.2 Devery Toolset . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
3.3 Decentralized application layer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
3.4 Entry Verification Engine (EVE) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7

4 Use Cases 8
4.1 Online Product Verification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
4.2 Digital Signing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
4.3 Physical Signing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9

5 Roadmap 9

6 Token Sale 9

7 Team 10

2



1 Background

According to a 2016 joint report by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and
Development (OECD) and EU Intellectual Property Office (EUIPO), imports of
counterfeit and pirated goods amount to approximately half a trillion dollars a year or
around 2.5% of global imports[1].

xw
Figure 1- Data provided by the OECD.

These figures are steadily increasing each year, with the United States and Europe
affected the most by its impacts. The OECD Deputy Secretary-General, Doug Frantz,
states:

“The findings of this new report contradict the image that counterfeiters only
hurt big companies and luxury goods manufacturers. They take advantage of
our trust in trademarks and brand names to undermine economies and
endanger lives”[2]

Counterfeit products that have been seized range from luxury goods (such as handbags,
perfumes and watches) to fake products that have the capacity to endanger lives ? toys
that harm children, pharmaceuticals that do not treat the recipient, baby formula that
contains dangerous ingredients, auto parts that fail and medical instruments that provide
inaccurate data. There are two primary causes for the growth of the counterfeit market:

i. It is difficult to track products that moves through complex trade routes
where free trade zones exist or there is weak governance; and

ii. Counterfeit products are designed to mislead and deceive, and as a result
consumers are unable to distinguish between real and fake products.

3



2 Market Players

There are three key players that are affected by counterfeit goods and this paper will
explore the impacts to each.

2.1 The seller

The seller (which may be the supplier, retailer or otherwise) is a profit-making entity
and relies upon the quality of the produce sold and the reliability of the brand name
developed. As the OECD states:

“The essential component that the commercial supply of counterfeit products
relies on is ’free riding’ on the economic value associated with a given
intellectual property right”[1]

Counterfeits abuse the brand name and intellectual property of other sellers, which hurts
the overall reputation and profitability of a business. Further, the damage to consumer
confidence affects the potential customer base of any business affected by the counterfeit
products.

2.2 The purchaser

The purchaser is deceived into purchasing fake products that do not serve the expected
purpose and/or may contain harmful side-effects. The consumer confidence in the online
retail space is damaged due to the inability to inspect and differentiate legitimate and
fake products. The element of trust is a significant factor when purchasing goods and it
is routinely exploited.

2.3 The mediator

The mediator often takes the form of law enforcement seeking to seize and prevent
counterfeit goods. The mediator is faced with exceedingly high costs of tracking and
investigating the movement, procurement and sale of counterfeit products.

4



3 Devery Protocol and Ecosystem

The underlying Devery Protocol will enable developers to easily create verification
applications without a thorough understanding of the blockchain. The Devery Protocol
will abstract the complexities of interacting with smart contracts by deploying
pre-developed smart contracts for an improved developer experience. The end result is
an ecosystem of verification applications that communicate and interact with each other
through the Devery Protocol.

3.1 Decentralized protocol layer

The protocol layer consists of 3 main data structures that interact via the Ethereum
mapping method within the DeveryRegistry.sol and the DeveryTrust.sol contracts.

DeveryRegistry.sol
The application layer specifies an address to register the application’s unique
identifier on the protocol alongside the application’s name and fee account.
This allows the application to collect fees from users of third party
verification applications built on the protocol.

struct App {

address appAccount;

string appName;

address feeAccount;

bool active;

}

Brands input their public key address to specify their corresponding brand
name, and this is stored alongside the appAccount which will thereby be used
to store the brand information and the products verified.

struct Brand {

address brandAccount;

address appAccount;

string brandName;

bool active;

}

Products store the associated brand account as well as product information.

struct Product {

address productAccount;

address brandAccount;

string description;

string details;

uint year;

string origin;

bool active;

}

5



This information is then hashed via the addressHash(address item)
function and marked with the corresponding product public address, which
uses the hashed address as a reference for lookup. This is the individual
identifier for each product stored on the blockchain, and allows lookup via
the check(address item) method.

DeveryTrust.sol
The Devery trust contract allows ethereum addresses to ’vouch’ for other
addresses. This allows third parties to become trusted intermediaries.

Ethereum addresses can revoke and apply vouches for brand and application
keys via the approve(address brandKey) and revoke(address brandKey)
public methods.

Figure 2 - Visual representation of data structures.

The protocol smart contracts can be found at:
https://github.com/devery/devery_contracts

3.2 Devery Toolset

Open source frameworks will be provided to developers to ensure the developer
experience is user friendly. Developers can opt to use utilize these frameworks within
their commercial verification applications to reduce the need to interact directly with the
smart contracts.

6

https://github.com/devery/devery_contracts


Devery.js
Devery.js provides a npm packaged Javascript framework that is built on top
of Web3.js and the protocol layer to create an abstracted, developer-friendly
tool to build on the Devery protocol. Using this layer, developers can opt to
interact with the blockchain through Javascript and build commercial
verification applications without the need to interact directly with the
protocol’s smart contracts.

devery keygenerator
We have also provided a simple key generation tool to allow developers to
generate public key addresses and associated QR codes for input into their
applications.

The repository can be found at:
https://github.com/devery/devery_keygenerator

3.3 Decentralized application layer

Applications will build on top of the protocol to form the decentralized application layer.
This will enable commercial applications to build and charge for services whilst using the
Devery protocol.

For Example, Bevery may choose to use the Devery protocol to verify
individual beverages on the blockchain. Using the Devery protocol,
developers will interact via the Devery.js framework or choose to directly
develop via the smart contracts deployed on the blockchain.

3.4 Entry Verification Engine (EVE)

EVE is used to fuel the verification process. Applications will recieve EVE token as
payment for hosting verification applications on the Devery protocol. Consumers using
these applications will require EVE to mark on the blockchain, this EVE is then
transferred to the application host as payment for hosting the applications via the
protocol.

’Bokky’s Token Teleportation Service’ (BTTS), allows users to send EVE tokens without
required Ethereum as a gas cost. Users can send message to third-party services to
process their transactions and pay the gas cost on their behalf. In return, the user pays
the service provider a percentage of EVE tokens. This provides a practical means of
using the Devery protocol without requiring retailers and others users to hold EVE and
Ethereum.

The repository can be found at: https://github.com/bokkypoobah/
BokkyPooBahsTokenTeleportationServiceSmartContract

7

https://github.com/devery/devery_keygenerator 
https://github.com/bokkypoobah/BokkyPooBahsTokenTeleportationServiceSmartContract
https://github.com/bokkypoobah/BokkyPooBahsTokenTeleportationServiceSmartContract


4 Use Cases

This paper will describe a few example use cases of the Devery Protocol. This is not an
exhaustive list.

4.1 Online Product Verification

The Devery Protocol enables e-commerce retailers to verify the authenticity of any
products or services they sell online. Retailers can assign unique ID signatures to each
product sold online with a third-party verification application built on top of the
Protocol. The retailer can then display unique one-time-use hashes generated from this
ID to any potential customers that wish to verify the authenticity of a product.
Consumers then log onto the application and input the code marked on the product in
order to identify its authenticity. As well as this, origins and manufacturing can be
disclosed dependent on the brand’s preference.

An example of what this may look like is illustrated in the diagram below:

8



4.2 Digital Signing

The Devery Protocol can be used to verify that digital goods and services are issued
from a legitimate source. An example would be digital certificates from online courses,
colleges or universities. A certificate can be assigned a unique ID signature that can be
verified via an application built on top of the Devery Protocol. The recipient of the
certificate and any potential employer that wants to check its legitimacy can verify the
certificate through this application. Further, details regarding the recipient?s results,
behavior or other academic details can be stored on the chain.

4.3 Physical Signing

NFC and RFID chips, as well as barcodes and QR codes are compatible with the Devery
Protocol. Unique ID signatures generated from the protocol can be stored into a physical
marker and attached to a product. As the product moves across the supply chain, each
party that handles the product can verify its source via an application on the Devery
Protocol and update details (such as the location through which the product moves,
timing and other conditions). The consumer can scan the hardware device to verify the
movement of the product along the supply chain.

5 Roadmap

Q4 2017:Complete - Release of Devery Protocol alpha
First iteration of the Devery protocol will be released.

Q4 2017: Token sale commences
Token sale will be conducted.

Q1 - 2 2018: Onboard partners and trial customers
Trial software with prexisting and new partnerships.

Q 3 2018: Release v1.0 of the Devery Protocol.
Version 1.0 of the protocol is slated to be released at this date.

2019+ : Expand into more partnerships and assist with the development of verification
applications for specific markets.

6 Token Sale

We will be selling 60,000,000 EVE tokens (out of a total of 100,000,000) for a raise of
$10,000,000 USD. The pre-sale commences on the 14th of December and it will require a
20 Ethereum minimum contribution. The presale provides a 5% bonus. The crowd-sale
will commence on the 12th of January 2018, and will end either when the cap is reached
or on 10 February 2018. All tokens will be distributed 1 week after the conclusion of the
sale. Any unsold tokens will be burned.

9



7 Team

Andrew Rasheed - Product and Operations
Andrew founded Devery through his own experiences within the ecommerce space. He is
a software engineer with experience in blockchain and web, previously creating
Ethstall.com the first Ethereum only online store allowing Ether holders to purchase
physical products. He also developed CoinWatch TouchBar a cryptocurrency price
tracking for the OSX Touchbar.

Antoine Najjarin - Partnerships and Strategy
A lawyer by profession, Antoine studied at the University of Technology, Sydney and the
University of Oxford. He was hired into a prestigious private firm upon graduation and
currently works for the government of New South Wales, Australia.

Chironjit Das - Finance and Community
Chironjit is a CPA with experience in various industries, including for one of the largest
retailers in the world, Tesco. His experience working in the industry exposed him the
challenges large companies face in securing their supply chains from fraud &
counterfeiting. He believes part of the solution to these issues is being able to tag and
track every individual item through every step of the supply chain.

Bok Khoo - Technical Advisor
A respected member of the Ethereum community responsible for auditing a number of
high profile ICO’s including Status, Stox, Chronologic & countless more. He is also the
founder of one of the first decentralised exchanges, cryptoderivatives.market which has
processed over $60 million USD in ERC20 token trades.

Dorjee Sun - Strategy and Logistics Advisor
COO of Santiment.net, raising $12 million USD in 45 seconds. Dorjee is also an advisor
and investor into blockchain startups Powerledger, Dappbase and Virgil Capital a
Bitcoin arbitrage hedge fund. He is also a director of Carbon Conservation which owns
equity in large scale sustainability and carbon conservation projects globally raising
$430M with project partners and clients such as Rio Tinto, Bank of America Merrill
Lynch, Olam and Twitter.

Alex Trottier - Retail and Supply Chain Advisor
Alex is the current Chief Product Officer at Bonial, a location based shopping platform
that reaches over 25 million users every month which has raised over $90 million USD.
His previous roles include Chief Product Officer at Carmudi and Senior Product
Manager at Electronic Arts. Carmudi is a startup funded by the German startup
accelerator Rocket Internet and is one of the world’s fastest growing online car sales
sites. Electronic Arts is an American video game publisher producing titles such as Need
for Speed , FIFA, Star Wars & Mass Effect.

John Shi-Nash - General Advisor
Director of Incubation and Entrepreneurship at Macquarie University. He is experienced
in venture investing with previous VC firm experience in Singapore and a background in
the pharmaceutical space. He is a joint holder of over 20 medical patents.

10



References

[1] Michal Kazimierczak and Piotr Stryszowski Trade in Counterfeit and Pirated Goods -
Mapping the Economic Impact 2016.

[2] Doug Frantz OECD Integrity Forum https://www.oecd.org/cleangovbiz/oecd-
integrity-week.htm

11


	 Background 
	 Market Players 
	The seller
	The purchaser
	The mediator

	 Devery Protocol and Ecosystem 
	Decentralized protocol layer
	Devery Toolset
	Decentralized application layer
	Entry Verification Engine (EVE)

	 Use Cases
	Online Product Verification
	Digital Signing
	Physical Signing

	Roadmap
	Token Sale
	Team

