







































Whitepaper

Author: DIMCOIN Foundation
Version: V.1.3 Date: 28.06.2017

www.dimcoin.io

http://www.dimcoin.io


DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Abstract

Since the introduction of Bitcoin, blockchain technology has grown in leaps and 
bounds. Blockchain has allowed not only cryptocurrencies to flourish, but has opened 
other traditional sectors such as financial services to exploit the technology. The 
problem with many of these blockchain offerings is that they offer individualised 
or complimentary services, but not the entire package. This forces users to register 
and pay multiple fees to a plethora of service providers, increasing costs and ineffi-
ciency for users and businesses involved. 

The solution to the afore-mentioned problem is a blockchain-based financial ecosys-
tem – a financial ecosystem that offers users a platform regardless of their financial 
standing. The Data Interchange Module (DIM) cryptocurrency is such a solution. The 
DIM comes in two versions; the DIMCOIN and DIM Currencies. It is more than just a 
cryptocurrency; it is a key to the DIM Ecosystem. The DIM Ecosystem comprises of 
the DIM, DEPOTWALLET, WISEConsulting and Hybrid Stock Exchange (HYBSE). 

It offers blockchain wallets, crypto-fiat currency exchanges, cryptocurrency exchan-
ges, digital equity trading & management, and commodity trading & management. 
All these services interact with each other and produce commissions as a result, which 
will be distributed to the token holders according to their token percentages. Buying 
DIM TOKENs from the DIMCOIN ICO will permit the holders to receive commissions. 
Token holders will receive the commissions as long as they are in possession of DIM 
TOKENs. The DIM Ecosystem, with its low fees and uncomplicated registration pro-
cess, breaks the financial, administrative and geographical barriers that have separated 
potential issuers and investors in traditional financial systems. Less barriers will permit 
a large pool of users to use the ecosystem.

Risk Disclaimer: Buying DIM TOKENs involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable for every investor. 
The valuation of the DIM may fluctuate, and, as a result, clients may lose more than their original investment. 

Before deciding to invest in DIM TOKENs, you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level 

of experience, and risk appetite.

Abstract



Table of Contents

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Table of Contents

05

07

09

13

21

32

11

Introduction

Blockchain Technology

15 DIMCOIN  
16 DIM Currencies
18  Comparison between DIMCOIN vs DIM Currencies 
19 DIM TOKEN 
20 DIM Ecosystem 

DIMCOIN Foundation

DIM Ecosystem
 
23  Hybrid Stock Exchange (HYBSE)  
24   Tradable Assets on HYBSE  
24   Advantages of Using HYBSE  
25  Traditional Stock Markets vs HYBSE 
26  WISEConsulting    
27 DEPOTWALLET   
28  Private Account  
28  Multisignature Account  
29  Debit Cards     
29  Transactions    
30  Nodes    
30   DEPOTWALLET Functions  
31 Digital (Cryptocurrency) Exchanges  

DIM Ecosystem Goals

NEM Network

The Data Interchange Module



DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Table of Contents

52

56

60
62
64
66
68

46

49

Fund - Keepers

Benefits of DIMCOIN ICO

DIMCOIN History 
DIMCOIN Roadmap
Summary
Glossary
Reference List 

Legal Implications
47 Anti-Fraudulent Measure 
47 DIM TOKEN Implication 
48 Blockchain Terrain Implications  
48 Risks  

Governance
57 Voting 
58 DIMCOIN Ambassadors 
58 DIM TOKEN Rights  
59 Operational Times 

53 Advantages of DIM TOKENs 
54 Fee Structure  
55 Transparency of Commissions 

Why Invest In The DIM TOKEN 
  

37

44

DIMCOIN ICO
 
39 Bonus DIMCOIN
40 DIM TOKEN Depletion
41 How ICO Funds Will Be Used
42  Primary Development
42  Functional Costs
42  Marketing 
42  Legal and Compliance
43  Outreach
43 Accepted Cryptocurrencies



DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIMCOIN ICO

Available at:                www.dimcoin.io

ICO 2017 Dates:              Pre-ICO  =  1st (12:00 pm CET) - 15th (23:59 pm CET) 
                              of July 
                       ICO = 16th (00:00 am CET) of July - 27th (23:59 pm  
                       CET) of August [ICO End]

Type of Offer:               Initial Coin Offering

Purchase:                 1 DIM TOKEN includes 100 DIMCOIN

Commissions Qualification:      50 or more DIM TOKEN*

Tokens Available:             10,000,000 

Token Structure:             1 Token = 100 DIMCOIN

Token Price:                 $ 1 per Token

Minimum Purchase Per Person:    1 Token

Maximum Purchase Per Person:    4,500,000 Tokens

Bonus DIMCOIN Available:        30%  =   1st (12:00 pm CET) - 15th (23:59 pm CET) 
                             of July
                       20%  =   16th - 29th of July
                       15%   =  30th of July - 12th of August
                       10%   =  13th - 19th of August
                       5%   =  20th - 27th of August       
                       [Bonus DIMCOIN END on the last day of ICO 
                       or when DIM TOKENs are finished]

Accepted Cryptocurrencies:       BTC, ETH, LTC, XEM, DASH, USDT

Group Structure:             DIMCOIN Foundation (Founder & Architect of DIM)
                       Hybrid Stock Exchange (Trading Platform)
                       WISEConsulting (DIM Exchange)

Attachments:               DIMCOIN Terms & Conditions,
                       DIMCOIN Prospectus, 
                       DIMCOIN Technical Report and        
                       DIMCOIN Presentation

Dilution:                  Token holders will not have their ownership and  
                       commissions diluted. No future tokens that have  
                       earnings from the DIM Ecosystem will be issued.

*required amount of DIM TOKENs in order to receive comissions based on the fees generated 

within the DIM Ecosystem .

DIMCOIN ICO

http://www.dimcoin.io


Introduction



The cryptocurrency market has evolved extensively since its inception with the birth 
of Bitcoin. Bitcoin is the most known and valued cryptocurrency in terms of market 
capitalisation. Altcoins, however, have been diluting Bitcoin‘s market share in recent 
times. Altcoins are all the other cryptocurrencies, except for Bitcoin. 
They come in different forms and perform different functions, such as Ether, Dash, 
Monero, Litecoin, etc.  

What are cryptocurrencies? Cryptocurrencies are digital mediums of exchange that 
utilise cryptography and shared public ledgers (blockchain). These characteristics 
allow digital coins to be secure, traceable and anonymous. Cryptography and block-
chain are also the foundations for the creation, mining, and harvesting of digital coins. 
Cryptocurrencies are decentralised in nature, meaning that there‘s no central point 
of concentration, therefore increasing their desirability for security-conscious users. 
This also eliminates the middleman, thereby reducing transaction costs. Their decen-
tralised nature means that cryptocurrencies are not backed by governments or other 
financial institutions such as central banks. Central banks control the flow of finance 
within geographical regions and act as individuals within a global financial ecosystem. 
In decentralised platforms, the users control the flow of finances, data, etc. Individual 
users operate as a collective within decentralised platforms. Their values are deter-
mined by perception and other economic factors, such as demand and supply. The 
cryptocurrency and blockchain markets are still relatively young, but have potential 
for exponential growth, leading to new offerings in the market.

The DIMCOIN is one such new offering in the market. It is one-half of the DIM crypto-
currency and provides access to the DIM Ecosystem. The DIMCOIN can be exchanged 
into all accepted cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies within the ecosystem. The DIM-
Ecosystem offers services such as: stock exchange trading, cryptonisation (securitisation) 
of equity, equity trading & management, cryptocurrency exchanges, crypto-fiat curren-
cy exchanges, e-commerce, debit card purchases, inter-business transactions, and 
commodity trading & management. The DIM Ecosystem endeavours to make the use 
of cryptocurrencies legally available for both individuals and institutions, thus paving the 
way for them to enter the crypto-data market. The use of fiat currency in the ecosystem 
is achieved by exchanging fiat currencies against DIM Currencies. The DIM Currencies 
are the other half of the DIM cryptocurrency. The value of the DIM Currencies is tied 
to the value of the denominated fiat currencies. Within the DIM Ecosystem, assets are 
valued and denominated in DIM Currencies.  

Introduction

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Introduction

The key to growth is the introduction of 
higher dimensions of consciousness into our 

awareness.

Lao Tzu

06



Blockchain 
Technology



Security depends not so much upon how much you have,
 as upon how much  you can do without.

Joseph Wood Krutch

Blockchain technology is the foundation of the DIMCOIN and is the next “industrial 
revolution”. It is a decentralised ledger system with enhanced security, is simple in 
design and inexpensive to operate. The ledger system allows for transactions to be
done with complete accuracy because it is a fusion of computer peer-to-peer (p2p) 
technology, cryptography and database systems. The fusion of these technologies 
leads to a ledger system that is immutable and irreversible, meaning that transactions 
cannot be tampered with when signed and transferred. Transactions become final 
and there is no double-spending. Cryptography is utilised for encrypting messages on 
the ledger, but is significantly used for signing off transactions by users and to proof 
these transactions. With cryptography, blockchain does not require supplementary 
security solutions to protect the authenticity of transactions. Blockchain‘s decentralised 
and p2p nature means that the ledger eliminates the need for a data-centre and a 
disaster recovery centre (DRC) that houses core systems. The end result is that the 
ledger will always be up and running.

Blockchain Technology1

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Blockchain Technology

1           Radicalizing The Equity Market Landscape – https://www.nem.io/RadicalizingEquityMarket.pdf 

08

https://www.nem.io/RadicalizingEquityMarket.pdf


NEM Network

A lot affects the outcome. It boils down to scheduling
 and the commitment of the network.

David Ogden Stiers



10

The DIM cryptocurrency is built upon the NEM network/blockchain, which is under-
pinned by the consensus mechanism called the Proof-of-Importance (POI). The POI 
is similar to Proof-of-Stake (POS) with the main difference being that it integrates 
behaviour trusted to be positive for the entire economy, while POS derives importance
from the user‘s account balance. POI also has an advantage over Proof-of-Work 
(POW), another popular system3, in that POI does not require large scale computing 
resources for maintaining the blockchain. The NEM network emphasises security 
and trust-less computing.  

The NEM platform is run by a network of nodes operating together in a p2p configu-
ration. The nodes record and verify transactions that are transmitted on the network. 
At block time (periodic intervals), these transactions are grouped together and then 
go through a hashing process that connects them to previous blocks. The network’s 
participants are anonymous and there is no restriction on their calibre, which exposes 
the network to nefarious participants who can inject hostile nodes into the network, 
that can distribute invalid information or disrupt the network in some ways. To counter 
this threat, the network deploys the EigenTrust ++ reputation system to identify hostile 
nodes and reduce communication with them.  

A reputation system has various benefits:

Nodes can select their communication partner according to the trust values 
from other nodes,
 
Hostile nodes that provide dishonest data and feedback are easily identified,
 
The trust algorithm cuts down the percentage of failed interactions even if 
hostile nodes collude to give hostile nodes a high trust value.

NEM Network2

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
NEM Network

2          NEM Technical Reference – https://www.nem.io/NEM_techRef.pdf 

3          What is POI? - https://blog.nem.io/what-are-poi-and-vesting/

https://blog.nem.io/what-are-poi-and-vesting/


DIMCOIN Foundation



12

The modern composer builds
upon the foundation of truth.

Claudio Monteverdi

The DIMCOIN Foundation is a non-profit organisation that is responsible for the 
creation, management and distribution of the DIM (DIMCOIN and DIM Currencies) 
and DIM TOKENs and is a central production hub of the DIM Currencies. Its functions 
will also include cryptonising assets and creating future products or services under
the DIM copyrights. All the profits received by the foundation will be utilised to 
further improve the DIM in order to increase its value.

The DIMCOIN Foundation’s long-term goals are to:

 become a major exchange platform for altcoins,
 
make the process of splitting currencies easier; e.g. we are able to create 
currencies for regions that wish to have a currency separate from their 
national currency,

create currencies for certain sectors and industries, similar to what was 
achieved by WIR Bank when they created a private currency for certain 
businesses in Switzerland4, and to
  
create a community payment system for local needs.

DIMCOIN Foundation

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIMCOIN Foundation

4           WIR Bank – https://www.wir.ch/

https://www.wir.ch/


The Data Interchange 
Module (DIM)



14

You must be the change you wish
 to see in the world.

Mahatma Gandhi

The Data Interchange Module (DIM) cryptocurrency is a p2p, quantity-committed, secure,
private and robust digital medium of exchange. Its cryptography is based on the Elliptic
Curve Cryptography5, which guarantees security and speed. It is different from the rest 
of its competitors because it is part of an ecosystem. Ownership of the DIM crypto-
currency offers entry into the ecosystem and the services within it. The DIM is created 
and issued by the DIMCOIN Foundation to WISEConsulting, who will function as an 
exchange bureau. There are two versions of the DIM cryptocurrency: DIMCOIN and 
DIM Currencies. The DIMCOIN will be available initially through the DIM TOKENs during 
the ICO rounds. After the ICO, however, it will be made available through WISEConsulting. 
The DIM Currencies will be for use in the DIM Ecosystem and consumer-related purchasing.

The Data Interchange 
Module (DIM)

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
The Data Interchange Module (DIM)

5           Elliptic Curve Cryptography in Practice - https://eprint.iacr.org/2013/734.pdf

https://eprint.iacr.org/2013/734.pdf


15

The DIMCOIN is a speculative digital coin that is available worldwide. It is built upon 
the NEM blockchain protocol, making the coins low-cost and transparent. The coins 
contain high confirmation speeds and are 99.99% immune to fraudulent activities. 
The DIMCOIN has a quantity commitment of 9 billion coins, with an initial price of 
$0.01 each. The DIMCOIN will be available on major cryptocurrency exchange plat-
forms, and will be permitted to float and be traded p2p. The price of the DIMCOIN will 
be determined by market forces and cryptocurrency exchange mechanisms. Users will be 
able to buy and sell DIMCOIN using fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies. The DIMCOIN is 
not integer and it is available in fractional amounts. 

        Buys:  0.0180 USD for 1.5 DIMCOIN 

        Sells:  0.0220 USD for 1.5 DIMCOIN

        
        Buys:  0.000018 BTC for 1.5 DIMCOIN

        Sells:  0.000022 BTC for  1.5 DIMCOIN

  

Figure 1 – Example of “Buy” and “Sell” procedure

The minimum value of the DIMCOIN is $0.01. It has no ceiling, making the price 
increase in value to unprecedented levels, according to market forces, as portrayed
in Figure 2.

Value of DIMCOIN

DIMCOIN

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIMCOIN

Year of Operation

Figure 2 – Example of the potential value of DIMCOIN

$ 
A

m
ou

nt

0.40

0.30

0.20

0.10

0.00
2017   2018   2019   2020

A

B

C

D

Users



16

The second version of the DIM cryptocurrency is the DIM Currencies, which will be 
equivalent to the value of the fiat currencies that users exchange with. The DIM 
Currencies will be utilised as a medium of exchange in the DIM Ecosystem. They will 
also be used for e-commerce and merchant purchasing on platforms that will accept 
the DIM cryptocurrency. For example, if a user converts their fiat currencies into DIM 
Currencies using US dollars, the amount of DIM Currencies the user receives will be 
equivalent to the value of the US dollar in relation to the DIM Currencies. There will 
be no conversion fees attached to DIM Currencies. The converted US dollar amount 
will be denominated as DIM USD (Figure 3).

 
 1,50 USD  =  1,50 DIM USD        100,50 USD   =  100,50 DIM USD
 1,50 EUR   =  1,50 DIM EUR       100,50 EUR   =  100,50 DIM EUR 
 1,50 INR   =  1,50 DIM INR       100,50 INR   =  100,50 DIM INR  
 1,50 JPY  =  1,50 DIM JPY       100,50 JPY  =  100,50 DIM JPY    
 1,50 CNY  =  1,50 DIM CNY       100,50 CNY   =  100,50 DIM CNY 
 1,50 GBP  =  1,50 DIM GBP      100,50 GBP   =  100,50 DIM GBP

Figure 3 – Example of fiat currencies to DIM Currencies conversion

Currently (2017), only the DIM USD and DIM EUR are available. In 2018, the DIM Currencies 
will be expanded to include the Indian Rupee, Japanese Yen and Chinese Yuan. This 
expansion of the DIM Currencies will be in line with the roadmap target of expanding 
into Asia during 2018 (Figure 4). In 2019, the line-up of DIM Currencies will include 
the British Pound. This is due to the large community of Indian expatriates living in 
the United Kingdom, ensuring that they will be able to easily link with users in India. 
The Russian Ruble will also be made available in 2019.

Figure 4 – DIM Currencies roadmap

DIM Currencies

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
The Data Interchange Module (DIM)    DIM Currencies

DIM Currencies

DIM
USD
2017

DIM
EUR
2017

DIM
RUPEE
2018

DIM
YEN
2018

DIM
YUAN
2018

DIM
POUND

2019

DIM
RUBLE
2019



17

Users within the DIM Ecosystem will be able to buy and sell DIM Currencies p2p, whereas 
users seeking to purchase the DIM Currencies on the market will have to place “buy” 
or “sell” orders on the order book (Figure 5). The “buy” orders are offers to buy the 
DIM Currencies in exchange for other fiat currencies or cryptocurrencies at a maximum 
price-per-DIM Currencies. The “sell” orders are offers to sell the DIM Currencies against 
other fiat currencies or cryptocurrencies at a minimum price-per-DIM Currencies.

        Buys:  0.98 USD for 1 DIM USD

        Sells:  1.02 USD for 1 DIM USD

        Buys:  0.00068 BTC for 1 DIM USD

        Sells:  0.00072 BTC for 1 DIM USD

          Users

Figure 5 – Example of buy and sell procedure for the DIM Currencies

Users can exchange DIM Currencies amongst themselves based on market prices of the 
fiat currencies involved. There are no exchange fees attached to DIM Currencies. Users will
be able to exchange different DIM Currencies against each other on DEPOTWALLET. Hol-
ders of DIM EUR can convert their amounts to DIM USD (Figure 6).  

 

          1 EUR        =   1.17 USD*
          100 DIM EUR    =   117 DIM USD
          1 USD        =   0.78 GBP 
          100 DIM USD    =   78 DIM GBP

          *Amounts are subject to exchange rate prices.

   
Figure 6 – Example of DIM Currencies to DIM Currencies exchange

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
The Data Interchange Module (DIM)    DIM Currencies

A

B

C

D



18

Characteristics    DIMCOIN  DIM Currencies 

       
Speculative coin

Available worldwide

Tradable on crypto-exchanges

Tradable p2p

E-commerce

Merchant purchasing

Fractional Amount 

Currency Exchange Risks 

DIM Ecosystem payments

Pegged to fiat currencies

Manageable on DEPOTWALLET

Table 7 – DIMCOIN vs DIM Currencies comparison

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM    Comparison between DIMCOIN & DIM Currencies 

Comparison between DIM-
COIN & DIM Currencies 



19

The DIM TOKENs will be made available to the public at ICOs, during which 10 mil-
lion will be available. One DIM TOKEN will be equivalent to 100 DIMCOIN, each being 
worth $0.01 (Figure 8).

 
 $ 0.01 x 100 DIMCOIN =    $ 1 

   $ 1     per DIM TOKEN

 

 Figure 8 - Value of each DIM TOKEN

The tokens will represent a form of ownership of the DIM Ecosystem. Token holders 
with +50 DIM TOKENs will receive 30% of the net fee transfers on the DIMCOIN, DIM 
Currencies and cryptonised assets conducted in the DIM Ecosystem. The 30% net 
transfer fees will be distributed according to the percentage of tokens each token 
holder owns. As long as token holders possess the DIM TOKENs, they will receive 
their commission.

DIM TOKEN

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM    DIM TOKEN 



20

DIM Ecosystem

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM    DIM Ecosystem

The DIM Ecosystem was created in such a manner that all the segments (entities) can 
function independent of each other while remaining interconnected – a revolutionary 
step in the crypto-data industry. Each company is an independent legal entity but they 
all fall under one umbrella group. Most companies only offer individualised services. 
Rarely do they offer multiple services in the form of an ecosystem. The DIM Ecosystem 
is one of its kind and has ample growth opportunities. Early backers and enthusiasts will
position themselves to be part of the next generation of blockchain financial offerings.
 
Users of the ecosystem will be able to exchange their fiat currencies against cryptocur-
rencies on their DEPOTWALLET and to convert different DIM Currencies against each 
other from anywhere in the world. This currency exchange function eliminates the burden 
of high exchange fees. Users will no longer have to search for low prices at Forex exchange 
platforms. Exchange rates provided on the DEPOTWALLET will be derived from finance 
meta-data distributors.
 
Usage of the ecosystem increases convenience for users and businesses alike. Through 
DEPOTWALLET debit cards, users will be able to do both online and walk-in merchant 
shopping. Such payment options allow users to track their spending habits and create 
budget discipline. There will be no need to withdraw cash and deal with counting change 
after payments, making users’ lives more convenient. Users will not need to carry bundles 
of cash in their wallets, which can be potentially dangerous, depending on their location. 
Businesses that will utilise the DIM Ecosystem will be encouraged to accept the DIM 
Currencies as a form of payment method, thus enlarging the pool of businesses that 
users can purchase from using the DIM Currencies. Likewise, businesses will have access
 to a large pool of potential clients in possession of DIM Currencies. Businesses will be 
able to perform day-to-day administrative duties, like paying their bills, through the 
DEPOTWALLET, thereby increasing efficiency and decreasing costs.
 
The ecosystem places the user in complete control of their finances and assets. Users 
can send remittance to other DEPOTWALLET users across the globe straight from 
their computers or hand-held devices. They can also trade in all kinds of cryptonised 
assets in the ecosystem and even loan finances amongst each other. Users can also 
contribute to the development of the ecosystem by participating in the suggestion and 
voting processes. By safeguarding their private information, users are responsible for 
their own security on the ecosystem. The individual responsibility of users forms part of 
the collective responsibility that DIM Ecosystem users have toward the platform. The 
decentralised nature of the ecosystem eliminates the “Big Brother” type of governance
structures. There will be no central authority to dictate, and possibly enforce, unde-
mocratic policies on how the ecosystem should function. 



DIM Ecosystem



22

It always seems
 impossible until it‘s done.

Nelson Mandela

Figure 9 - DIMCOIN interaction with the DIM Ecosystem

DIM Ecosystem

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem

Fiat / Cryptocurrency 

Exchange 

(WISEConsulting) 

Individual, Business-

Business Purchase

(DEPOTWALLET)

Stock Trading 

(Hybrid Stock Exchange)

Bitcoin / Altcoin Exchange

(Digital Exchanges)

E-Commerce &

Merchant Purchase

(DEPOTWALLET)

Blockchain Wallet

(DEPOTWALLET) 

DIMCOIN



23

Hybrid Stock Exchange (HYBSE [HYBSE.com]) is an online stock exchange platform 
that offers small and medium enterprises (SMEs) a platform where they can seek 
and access international capital from investors. It is an online financial platform 
where buyers and sellers meet for exchange purposes. Users can trade cryptonised
(securitised) currencies, securities and commodities. HYBSE was programmed and 
developed under the guidance and advice of a group of financial and software speci-
alists formerly employed at the Frankfurt Stock Market (Xetra). With HYBSE’s program-
ming, the latest technology was fused with the wishes of ordinary traders and brokers. 
HYBSE is currently migrating to the blockchain protocol, since it has decided to conduct 
trading through cryptocurrencies.  

The mainstream equity markets are defined by over-regulation, red-tape, excessive 
fees and long waiting periods before trading can commence. They are also riddled 
with too many intermediaries, such as broking companies, clearing houses and share 
registrars, which increases costs and decreases efficiency. HYBSE‘s blockchain-based 
platform will eliminate these hurdles, allowing issuers and investors to conduct business 
on a secure and efficient platform. The platform will be a hybrid blockchain platform 
since physical shares will be cryptonised in order to be traded. Trading on the platform 
can be done P2P, eliminating the need for too many external intermediaries. The DIM 
Currencies are recognised and permitted as a medium of exchange on the platform.

To have a valid means of exchange, users must go to WISEConsulting to have their fiat 
currencies exchanged into DIM Currencies. Issuers will have their securities cryptonised
by HYBSE before they are listed on the platform. Cryptonised shares will also be
decryptonised by HYBSE into physical shares when it is in the best interest of the DIM 
Ecosystem. The steps, means and costs of decryptonising can be viewed on the HYBSE 
website. Investors and issuers will have their cryptonised instruments deposited into 
their DEPOTWALLET accounts, after which they will be allowed to trade.

Hybrid Stock Exchange
(HYBSE)

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem    Hybrid Stock Exchange (HYBSE)



24

Cryptonized Shares

Cryptocurrencies

ETC (Exchange-Traded Commodities)

ETF (Exchange-Traded Fund)

ETN (Exchange-Traded Note)

Forex Exchange

Index

Startups - IPO

Startups - ICO

Pirate Market

Low operational costs

Transparency

Quick clearing

Friendly and easy web interface

P2P trading

A large pool of financial instruments to trade

Highly secure 

Tradable Securities on HYBSE

Advantages of Using HYBSE

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem    Tradable Securities on HYBSE



25

Traditional Stock Markets 
vs HYBSE

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem    Traditional Stock Markets vs HYBSE

Firm

Ultimate
Ledger

CustodianClearingHouse

Buyer
or

Seller

Broker

Figure 10 - How traditional stock markets operate

Figure 11 – How HYBSE operates

Trading on the DIM Ecosystem eliminates many of the intermediaries that are found 
in the traditional financial market. Compare Figures 10 and 11.

Step 1 Step 2 Step 3

Issuer sell 
cryptonized shares

Physical shares &
cryptonized shares

exchanges

InvestorIssuer HYBSE

Investors buy 
cryptonized shares 

Ultimate Ledger

DIM Currencies &
cryptonized shares

exchanged



26

DEPOTWALLET DIM
Currencies Account

It is intended that WISEConsulting (wiseconsulting.io) will become the bureau de chan-
ge for the DIM (DIMCOIN and DIM Currencies) and also conduct public relations for the 
DIM cryptocurrency. WISEConsulting will – as soon as the required service contract have 
been concluded – exchange fiat currencies into DIM Currencies. WISEConsulting shall 
not have any obligation to re-exchange the DIM Currencies back into fiat currencies. 
The exchange prices for fiat currencies against DIM Currencies will be provided from 
finance meta-data companies. Using WISEConsulting will enable users from different 
countries to get prices of different DIM Currencies on their DEPOTWALLET. Users will 
be able to make exchange requests on their DEPOTWALLET, after which WISEConsulting 
will administer the exchange, as displayed in Figure 12.

WISEConsulting

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem    WISEConsultinag Limited

USD amount
exchanged

Figure 12 – Exchange process of fiat currencies

Users send USD to 

WISEConsulting for 

exchange as soon as 

the licences have been

established

DIM USD sent

to user

DEPOTWALLET Fiat
Currency Account

User DEPOTWALLET
Account

Step 2 Step 3

Step 1



27

DEPOTWALLET (DEPOTWALLET.com) is a state-of-the-art blockchain wallet that 
permits users to buy, sell, manage and hold DIM cryptocurrencies and cryptoni-
sed assets. These securities can be accessed globally via computers and hand-held 
devices. Users do not need to have a bank account to set-up a DEPOTWALLET account. 
The walletis free to download at the DIMCOIN ICO, HYBSE and DEPOTWALLET 
websites. Users will also be able to download the wallet after they have completed the 
ICO registration process. After downloading the wallet, they can create an account and  
receive a private key and password, giving them access to the wallet. The wallet has 
an interface that is user-friendly and simple to operate.

DEPOTWALLET’s interface allows users to connect and communicate with nodes on 
the NEM network. The information that is displayed on the DEPOTWALLET is infor-
mation that is received from the nodes. The wallet is secure by design, is decentrali-
sed and can be backed up. DEPOTWALLET is also a blockchain explorer for the DIM 
Ecosystem; therefore, users can view the history of transactions, creating a transparent 
ecosystem without the need of financial reporting. The DEPOTWALLET addresses 
are base-32 encoded. In addition, the wallet has innovative online banking encryption 
standards.

Users can trade p2p and exchange Bitcoins and major altcoins for DIM cryptocurrencies
in their DEPOTWALLET address. The wallet can be utilised for personal use through pri-
vate accounts and simultaneously for large scale business purposes via multi-signature
accounts.

DEPOTWALLET

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem    DEPOTWALLET



28

When users complete the registration process, their default account will be a private 
account. Private accounts utilise public and private keys for encryption and decryption. 
A user‘s public key is available for everyone to see in the DIM Ecosystem and NEM network. 
That public key is used to encrypt information meant for that particular user and only 
that particular user can decrypt the information by using a private key6. If a user loses 
their private key, the encrypted information, including the DIMCOIN, will remain inac-
cessible and thus lost to the user. Users must ensure the safety of their private keys 
by making copies of them and storing them in secure places. DEPOTWALLET‘s manage-
ment does not keep copies of private keys in cold data storage. Users are charged one 
fee stamp to transfer cryptocurrencies. Fee stamps are similar to postage stamps used 
for sending mail. When their account is activated, users will be allocated a minimum 
of 10 free fee stamps. Users must ensure that they have free stamps in their accounts; 
if not, they must contact DEPOTWALLET. When the free stamps are depleted, users 
can purchase more on the DEPOTWALLET. One fee stamp equals about 0.162562 USD 
(28.06.2017) , subject to the XEM USD exchange rate.

Multi-signature or multisig accounts can be created at a cost of three fee stamps and 
will then be allocated 10 free fee stamps. Private accounts can be converted into mul-
tisig accounts7, which will cost 16 fee stamps. Compared to private accounts, multisig 
accounts are more demanding on the network and thus generally have higher fees 
associated with them. Co-signatories must provide their details during the creation 
of or conversion to multisig accounts. The number of co-signatories is capped at 32. 
The addition or removal of co- signatories to or from accounts requires the approval 
of all existing co- signatories. The user being removed does not need to co-sign. Multisig 
accounts are best suited for accounts with numerous users or with large sums of DIM-
COIN, DIM Currencies or cryptonised securities. These accounts are best suited for 
corporations, non-governmental organisations or other similar-sized entities. Multisig 
accounts are safe because all involved parties are required to sign before transactions 
are authenticated. Co-signatories have 24 hours to co- sign a transaction from its in-
ception before it becomes void.

Private Account

Multisignature Account

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem    Private Account

6          Public Key Encryption and Digital Signature: How do they work? - https://www.cgi.com/

            files/whitepapers/cgi_whpr_35_pki_e.pdf

7          How to Use Multi-signature Accounts - https://blog.nem.io/how-to-use-multi-signature-accounts/

https://www.cgi.com/files/whitepapers/cgi_whpr_35_pki_e.pdf
https://www.cgi.com/files/whitepapers/cgi_whpr_35_pki_e.pdf
https://blog.nem.io/how-to-use-multi-signature-accounts/


29

DEPOTWALLET account holders will be issued debit cards that are connected to 
their accounts, permitting them to convert their cryptocurrencies to DIM Currencies. 
They will be able to make purchases using their DEPOTWALLET debit cards.

Each new transaction created is delivered to a node. A node is a server on a decen-
tralised network that is run by users to maintain the NEM blockchain. When a node 
receives a new transaction, it places the transaction into its unconfirmed transactions 
cache and then broadcasts the validated transaction to other nodes on the network. 
Unconfirmed transactions are not reflected in accounts (DEPOTWALLET addresses); 
only after they have been validated, will they reflect. Nodes receive harvesting fees 
(similar to mining fees) called stamps for validating transactions on the wallet. 

Debit Cards

Transactions8

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem    Debit Cards

DIMCOIN

DIM Currencies Debit Cards Shopping

Figure 13 – Example of debit card usage.

Sender
(DEPOTWALLET address)

Receiver
(DEPOTWALLET address)

Nodes
(Validating transaction)

Figure 14 – How transactions are processed.

8          NEM Technical Reference - https://www.nem.io/NEM_techRef.pdf

https://www.nem.io/NEM_techRef.pdf


30

The nodes that are utilised in the DIM Ecosystem are NIS nodes. These nodes support 
requests encoded in JSON or NEM proprietary binary format. Individual nodes are linked 
by a single primary account, which is utilised to authenticate responses by that node. 
The benefit of this is that it prevents an attacker from impersonating a node without 
obtaining its private key, even if it is able to imitate the node‘s IP address. The NIS nodes
use binary format to communicate among themselves, which has the benefit of minimi-
sing the network bandwidth.  

Nodes9

DEPOTWALLET Functions

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem    Nodes

E-commerce Crypto 
Exchanges

Banks WISE
Consulting

Debitcard

Cryptocurrencies

Deposit Withdrawal

Fiat Currencies

Deposit / Withdrawal

DEPOTWALLET
Blockchain Wallet

API API

External
Apps

External
Services

Figure 15 - DEPOTWALLET functions.

9          NEM Technical Reference - https://www.nem.io/NEM_techRef.pdf

https://www.nem.io/NEM_techRef.pdf


31

Digital (Cryptocurrency) 
Exchanges

DIMCOIN holders will be able to exchange their coins for DIM Currencies on the HYBSE 
and WISEConsulting websites and through DEPOTWALLET. After HYBSE has been 
reprogrammed on blockchain, users will be able to exchange DIMCOIN against other 
cryptocurrencies. The DIMCOIN will be listed on all major cryptocurrency exchanges 
and will have a laissez-faire policy for buying and selling. This will cause the DIMCOIN 
to be recognised and accepted globally as a trusted cryptocurrency. Listing on digital 
exchanges will also pave way for the DIMCOIN price to increase, leading to substantial 
benefits for holders.

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem    Digital (Cryptocurrency) Exchanges



Set your goals high, and don‘t
stop till you get there.

Bo Jackson

DIM Ecosystem Goals



33

have the DIMCOIN listed on the major cryptocurrency exchanges
(such as Poloniex, Bithumb, Bitfinex, etc.) by the end of 2017,

have debit cards integrated into DEPOTWALLET and provide a physical card 
by the end of 2017,

have the DIM Currencies accepted by retailers and others as a medium 
of exchange for e-commerce by the end of 2017,
 
launch an android application for the DIMCOIN by the end of 2017, 
 
increase the usage of the DIMCOIN across Europe during Q1/Q2 2018 (Figure 
16),

DIM Ecosystem Goals

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem Goals

Figure 16 – Potential DIMCOIN usage in Europe (2017).



34

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem Goals

increase the usage of the DIMCOIN across North America during 2017 
(Figure 17),

Figure 17 – Potential DIMCOIN usage in North America (2017).



35

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem Goals

reprogram HYBSE into a full blockchain platform by 2018,
 
promote the DIMCOIN across Asia during 2018 (Figure 18),

have 1% of the worldwide stock trade conducted via the DIM Ecosystem 
(HYBSE) by 2019,

promote the DIMCOIN in Russia during 2019 (Figure 19),

Figure 18 – Potential DIMCOIN usage across Asia (2018).

Figure 19 – Potential DIMCOIN usage across Russia (2019).



36

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIM Ecosystem Goals

introduce the DIMCOIN in the United Kingdom (2019) (Figure 20), and to

have the DIM Ecosystem listed on the major global stock exchanges by 2020.

Figure 20 – Potential DIMCOIN usage in the United Kingdom.



Price is what you pay.
Value is what you get.

Warren Buffet

DIMCOIN ICO



38

From its inception, the DIM Ecosystem has been funded by its founders. For the ecosystem 
to be truly decentralised in both the technical and ownership perspectives, funding had 
to be opened to the crypto-public. The best form of financing to create a decentralised 
ecosystem is crypto-financing via an initial coin offering (ICO).  

The DIMCOIN ICO will be held at: dimcoin.io

The ICO countdown will be from the 1st (12:00 pm CET) - 30th (11:59 am CET) of June 
2017. The pre-ICO will run for 15 days, from the 1st (12:00 pm CET) to the 15th (23:59 pm 
CET) of July 2017. The DIMCOIN ICO will run for 43 days, from the 16th (00:00 am CET) of 
July to the 27th (23:59 pm CET) of August 2017. Each prospective DIMCOIN ICO parti-
cipant is solely responsible to determine whether they are eligible to participate based on 
their respective jurisdiction of residence.

Tokens that are not sold at the end of the ICO will be given to the DIMCOIN Foundation.
In the case where all tokens are all purchased before the end of the ICO, investments will 
still be accepted. Supporters will receive DIMCOIN equivalent to the size of their investment, 
instead of DIM TOKENs.

DIMCOIN ICO

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIMCOIN ICO



39

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIMCOIN ICO    Bonus DIMCOIN

User A

Buys $ 10 worth

DIM TOKENs 

during Pre-ICO

Receives 1000 DIMCOIN 

from 10 Tokens 

Receives 30% 
bonus = 300

DIMCOIN 

User A has a total of 

1300 DIMCOIN 

from 10 Tokens 

Figure 22 – Example of bonus DIMCOIN distribution.

Bonus DIMCOIN

30 % 20 % 15 % 10 % 05 % 

Table 21 – Bonus percentages for ICO backers.

1st (12:00 pm CET) 

- 15th (23:59 pm 

CET) of July

16th - 29th

of July

30th of July

- 12th of August 

13th - 19th 

of August

20th - 27th 

of August



40

The DIMCOIN ICO will have 10 million DIM TOKENs. With each token priced at $1 each, the 
maximum amount that can be raised through the tokens is $10,000,000. If there is still a 
demand for coins after the tokens have been depleted, individual coins will be sold to the 
public. These coins will not have benefits attached as the tokens do, i.e. the commissions 
given to token holders will not apply. After the tokens have been depleted, the price of 
coins will increase with $0.01 per coin for every $2,000,000 reached. After $30,000,000 
has been reached, the DIMCOIN price increment will cease and the price per DIMCOIN 
will remain constant.

Funds Raised                Price-Per-DIMCOIN

$0 - $10, 000, 000.00          $ 0.01

$10,000,000.01 - $12,000,000.00             $ 0.02

$12,000,000.01 - $14,000,000.00             $ 0.03

$14,000,000.01 - $16,000,000.00             $ 0.04

$16,000,000.01 - $18,000,000.00             $ 0.05

$18,000,000.01 - $20,000,000.00             $ 0.06

$20,000,000.01 - $22,000,000.00             $ 0.07

$22,000,000.01 - $24,000,000.00             $ 0.08

$24,000,000.01 - $26,000,000.00             $ 0.09

$26,000,000.01 - $28,000,000.00             $ 0.10

$28,000,000.01 - $30,000,000.00            $ 0.11

+$30,000,000.00                       $ 0.12

DIM TOKEN Depletion

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIMCOIN ICO    DIM TOKEN Depletion

Table 23 – Price-Per-DIMCOIN when DIM TOKENs are depleted.



41

How ICO Funds Will Be Used

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIMCOIN ICO    How ICO Funds Will Be Used

Figure 24 – ICO funds usage.

Primary Development (30 %)

Marketing (25 %)

Outreach (25 %)

Functional Costs (15 %)

Legal & Compliance (5 %)

Figure 24 illustrates how funding received from the ICOs will be utilised.



42

Primary Development

Functional Costs

Marketing

Legal and Compliance

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIMCOIN ICO    Primary Development

Thirty per cent of the funds received during the ICOs will be allocated for the development 
of our primary entities within the DIM Ecosystem. Entities such as DEPOTWALLET and 
HYBSE still need more programming in order to be fully functional as they are currently 
still in the beta versions. A detailed description of how the funds will be used can be 
found in the DIMCOIN Business Plan.

The expansion of the DIM Ecosystem will require capital for day-to-day operational 
costs. For example, as a financial ecosystem, there is a need to purchase cryptocurrencies
to ensure that there are enough reserve funds to meet the demand for crypto-fiat cur-
rencies exchanges. There are also numerous expenses that may arise on a day-to-day 
basis. Fifteen per cent of the raised funds will be reserved to meet these costs.

To ensure that the DIMCOIN and DIM Ecosystem become household names, 25% of the 
funds gained from the ICOs will be utilised to promote the coin and the ecosystem. 
Marketing will be done through social media, direct marketing, partnerships and affilia-
te programs.

Although blockchain-based services are growing at an exponential rate, there is still 
ignorance about them and their potential. This can lead to legal requirements failing 
to keep up with the progress of blockchain, even becoming a hindrance in the process. 
As such, to make the DIM Ecosystem available on a global scale, there are some license 
and legal requirements that will need to be met, for which 5% of the funds will be allocated.



43

Outreach

Accepted Cryptocurrencies 

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIMCOIN ICO    Outreach

Our outreach funds will be utilised to provide education to the general public on the 
DIM Ecosystem and blockchain in general. This can be accomplished through expos, 
conferences and similar operations. The more people are aware of the DIM Ecosystem 
and blockchain, the more they will become comfortable with the ecosystem and its 
technology. It is a win-win situation for both the DIMCOIN and the public.

     Bitcoin                      NEM

     Dash                       Litecoin

     Ethereum                    Tether

Table 25 - Accepted cryptocurrencies.



Fund - Keepers

Great things in business are never done by one person. 
They‘re done by a team of people.

- Steve Jobs



45

Fund - Keepers

The 10 million DIM TOKENs that will be available during the ICO will be placed into 
one multisig account (Figure 26).

The nine billion DIMCOIN will be distributed into multiple multisig accounts, each  
holding differing amounts (Figure 27). This is done to ensure that no single individual 
has access to the accounts holding the tokens and the coins. The signees will be 
internal senior management staff and trusted external advisers.

10 million DIM TOKENs
5/8 Signatures

Signees
Legal & Compliance Supervisor 

Internal Legal & Compliance 
Financial Engineer 

Financial Supervisor
IT Engineer Superior 

Financial Auditor 
External Legal & Compliance 

Consulting Ambassador Europe

Figure 26 – DIM TOKEN multisig accounts.

Figure 27 – DIMCOIN multisig accounts.

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Fund - Keepers

900 Million DIMCOIN
3/6 Signatures

Signees
Legal & Compliance Supervisor 

Internal Legal & Compliance 
Financial Engineer 1 
Financial Engineer 2 
Financial Engineer 3 
Financial Supervisor 

Financial Officer 1 
Financial Officer 2

IT Engineer Superior
IT Engineer 1
IT Engineer 2
IT Engineer 3
IT Engineer 4

Financial Auditor
External Legal & Compliance 

Consulting Ambassador Europe 
Consulting Ambassador Germany 

Consulting Ambassador Switzerland 
Consulting Ambassador Spain

9 Billion DIMCOIN
Distributed in multisig accounts

4 x 25 Million DIMCOIN
3/6 Signatures

8 Billion DIMCOIN
5/8 Signatures



Legal Implications



47

Anti-Fraudulent Measures

DIM TOKEN Implications

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Legal Implications    Anti-Fraudulent Measures

The anonymous nature of cryptocurrencies makes it beneficial for privacy. Simulta-
neously, however, it presents its own challenges when used for fraudulent activities 
– a challenge that many blockchain-based financial platforms will have to contend 
with. The DIMCOIN, like other cryptocurrencies, allows anonymity for its users. Thus, 
p2p DIMCOIN transfers or DIMCOIN-to-bitcoin/altcoins transfers are anonymous. Fiat 
currency to DIM Currencies exchanges will be subject to Know- Your-Client (KYC) 
procedures. This governance tool will assist in combating money laundering in the 
DIM Ecosystem. The KYC due diligence will be carried out by WISEConsulting before 
it exchanges fiat currencies. To prevent excessive one- time fiat currency withdrawals, 
withdrawal limits will be set for fiat currencies from the DIM Ecosystem.

The DIM TOKENs offer limited real rights as contained in the DIMCOIN ICO terms and 
conditions. The tokens represent a set number of DIMCOIN, set at 100 DIMCOIN per 
token. The DIM TOKENs are transferable, are not refundable and are not for speculative 
investment. No promises of future performance or value are or will be made in respect 
to the DIMCOIN, including no promise of inherent value, no promise of continuing pay-
ments, and no guarantee that the DIMCOIN will hold any particular value. The DIM TOKENs
 are sold as functional goods and all the proceeds received from them through the ICO 
will be spent free from any conditions.

In law a man is guilty when he violates 
the rights of others. In ethics he is guilty

 if he only thinks of doing so.

Immanuel Kant



48

The DIMCOIN, DIM Currencies and DIM Ecosystem are blockchain-based platforms that 
utilise cryptography. The afore-mentioned products and services will be provided in ac-
cordance with the laws of relevant jurisdictions. As such, the DIMCOIN, DIM Currencies 
and DIM Ecosystem may not be immediately available in certain jurisdictions. The team
behind the products and services are working aggressively towards obtaining the relevant
licences to offer the DIMCOIN, DIM Currencies and DIM Ecosystem to a wide spectrum 
of participants.

Investing in the DIMCOIN ICO, like any other form of investment, includes risks. For 
investment risks, refer to the DIMCOIN Prospectus. For general risks, refer to the 
DIMCOIN ICO terms and conditions.

Blockchain Terrain Implications

Risks

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Legal Implications    Blockchain Terrain Implications



In investing, what is comfortable 
is rarely profitable.

Robert Arnott

Why Invest In The
DIM TOKEN 



50

Obstacle: The current global stock 
markets are electronic in nature10. In 
general, all electronic matching systems
are quicker than the open outcry sys-
tem of the past. However, it is still not 
quick enough for our ever-changing 
world. After orders are matched, it can 
take days for them to be executed.

Obstacle: It is burdensome and expen-
sive to buy assets such as shares from 
foreign markets using traditional avenues
such as banks and stock markets11.

Obstacle: Transferring shares between 
issuers and investors using current 
banking systems is archaic and lethargic
at best. It can take from two days to 
six months before both parties are in 
possession of their assets.

Obstacle: The listing processes for 
companies are costly and complicated. 
This prevents plenty of SME companies 
from participating.

Remedy: In the DIM Ecosystem, the 
problems encountered in the global 
stock markets are eliminated through 
the usage of the NEM blockchain. 
Using DEPOTWALLET and HYBSE, 
orders are matched quickly and, within 
minutes, booked. Users no longer have 
to wait days for orders to be executed.

Remedy: The p2p nature of the DIM 
Ecosystem ensures that parties across 
the globe can trade on an inexpensive, 
quick and secure platform.

Remedy: Through DEPOTWALLET, 
transferring assets (cryptocurrencies + 
cryptonised securities) p2p is reduced 
to more minutes.

Remedy: Blockchain technology has 
simplified the process of listing com-
panies’ prices and made it user-friendly 
and practical.

Why Invest In The 
DIM TOKEN

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Why Invest In The DIM TOKEN

10          Radicalizing The Equity Market Landscape – https://www.nem.io/RadicalizingEquityMarket.pdf 

11           Understanding Order Execution - https://www.investopedia.com/articles/01/022801.asp



51

Obstacle: For users to enter the global 
financial system, they require bank 
accounts to use the financial services. 
According to the World Bank‘s Global 
Fidex report, over two billion adults do 
not have bank accounts12, making the 
current financial systems exclusionary 
in nature.

Obstacle: Before investors and issuers 
enter the global stock markets, they 
need brokers to conduct deals on their 
behalf. This is highly inefficient and 
costly, as it partly diverts resources 
away from their intended recipients.

Obstacle: Mainstream e-commerce 
payment instruments such as debit 
cards can come with +0.5% charges; 
credit cards with 1-5%.

Remedy: Users do not need a bank 
account to use the DIMCOIN, DIM 
Currencies and DIM Ecosystem. Users 
need to download the DEPOTWALLET, 
which gives them access to internatio-
nal financial services at low fees. There 
are no lengthy processes, paperwork 
or postage required.

Remedy: The DIM Ecosystem offers 
p2p exchanges without intermediaries.
The ecosystem is a platform that brings 
users together to conduct exchanges 
without additional costs.

Remedy: The DIM Currencies have 
a charge of 0.1%.

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Why Invest In The DIM TOKEN

12          Global Findex - www.worldbank.org/en/programs/globalfindex



Benefits of DIMCOIN ICO



53

Purchasing the DIM TOKENs during the ICO rounds has the following benefits 
for early enthusiasts and backers of the DIMCOIN:

Token holders with +50 DIM TOKENs will receive 30% of the net fees, accor-
ding to the token percentages, from DIMCOIN, DIM Currencies and cryptonised 
assets‘ transfers within the entire ecosystem.

Token holders can get access into the services provided within the DIM Ecosystem.

The DIMCOIN can be exchanged with major cryptocurrencies 
and fiat currencies.
 
The DIMCOIN is currently only available through ICO rounds but will later be 
made available to purchase.

DIM TOKEN holders will have the liberty to sell their DIMCOIN on the market at 
their discretion after the ICO ends.

If the ICO is mostly successful, the price of the DIMCOIN will 
automatically increase.

Advantages of DIMCOIN 
Tokens

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Benefits Of DIMCOIN ICO    Advantages of DIM TOKENs

Write your injuries in dust, your
benefits in marble.

Benjamin Franklin



54

Fee Earnings

DIMCOIN         DIM Currencies      Cryptonized Assets    DEPOTWALLET

0.1%           0,1 %         0,5 %     
of transfer        of transfer        of transfer         Cash payout account

volume for transfer-    volume for transfer-    volume of transfer-    fee: Minimum $ 50,00 

ring DIMCOIN       DIM Currencies      ing p2p          or 1 % per action 

p2p            peer - to - peer

                           1,5 %          0,1 % 
                          of whole transfer     of value for the

                          volume for trading    cryptonized asset per

                          on trading platform    transfer per client 

                                       
                                       0% 
                                       one-time setup fee

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Benefits Of DIMCOIN ICO    Fee Structure

Table 28 – Transfer fees charged on the DIM Ecosystem.

A
ss

et
s

40 % HYBSE

30 % Token Holder

30 % WISEConsulting

Figure 29 – Net fee distribution model.

Net Fee Distribution

Fee Structure

Investors with +50 DIM TOKENs will receive 30% of the net fees earned, according  
to the token percentages, on the DIM cryptocurrency transfers within the DIM Ecosystem
(Table 28). The remaining 70% net fees will be divided between HYBSE and WISE
Consulting (Figure 29). These payouts will be made to the token holders once per month.



55

Fee transfers can be viewed on the ledger, ensuring transparency within the ecosystem. 
Token holders will be able to view the trails of the commissions that are deposited 
into their wallets.

Transparency of Commissions

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Benefits Of DIMCOIN ICO    Transparency of Commissions

Commissions    

       

Fees         Fees        Fees

DIMCOIN Commission Account

    Net Fee Amount (30%)

       Token Holder A       Token Holder B  Token HolderC
(NA2M5J-xxxxxxxxxx)   (DE5K0L-xxxxxxxxxx)         (CP7S2Y-xxxxxxxxxx)

Figure 30 – How net fees are distributed to token holder addresses.



Governance



57

The DIM Ecosystem, like most blockchain-based services, is decentralised in nature. 
This presents a governance difficulty due to the absence of a central authority. The 
DIM Ecosystem overcomes this difficulty through the process of voting by the token 
holders, which will create a governing structure on a decentralised platform.

Voting on the DIM Ecosystem will be available to token holders once the relevant voting 
programming has been completed. The same voting system will be used for yearly 
company meetings by investors who have purchased issuer shares on HYBSE. Token 
holders will be able to vote for or against decisions concerning proposed ecosystem 
changes and the allocation of funds. The DIMCOIN Foundation will make proposed 
changes concerning the ecosystem. The token holders can also send their suggestions 
to the DIMCOIN Foundation, for which they will be charged 10 DIMCOIN per suggestion. 
The suggestion fee is to eliminate the possibility of spamming the suggestion inbox.  

The Foundation will then make the chosen proposed changes available on the DIM-
COIN Foundation website, which will enable token holders to vote “yes” or “no” on 
the proposed changes using their DEPOTWALLET addresses. For a proposal to be 
valid, a minimum of 10% of all token holders have to participate in the voting pro-
cess. If less than 10% of the token holders vote on the proposed changes, those votes 
and proposed changes become void. For the proposed changes to be accepted and 
implemented, the participating token holders need a +60% “yes” vote count. At a later 
stage, voting will take place on the DEPOTWALLET accounts. This is to ensure that the 
DEPOTWALLET becomes an all-in-one platform for DIM Ecosystem users.

Governance

Voting

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Governance    



58

Token holders and members of the crypto-community can apply to become DIMCOIN 
ambassadors. DIMCOIN ambassadors will function as local backers, experts and officials
 of the DIMCOIN and DIM Ecosystem in their local regions. They must be informed and 
enthusiastic about blockchain technology as well as the NEM blockchain. Successful 
applicants will be ambassadors for a minimum of two years.

The benefits that DIMCOIN ambassadors will receive are plentiful. Ambassadors will:

become part of the global ambassador network,

become recognised figures in the DIM Ecosystem,

become recognised figures in the cryptocurrency world,

have direct access to the ecosystem and become the first to be updated on 
DIMCOIN events,

become central figures regarding press and communications concerning the 
DIMCOIN in their region,

be exposed to various industries relevant to the growth of the DIMCOIN, and

receive 100,000 DIMCOIN as an incentive for being an ambassador.

DIMCOIN Ambassador

DIM TOKEN Rights

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Governance    DIMCOIN Ambassador

Token Rights       + 50 Token Holders    - 50 Token Holder

Commission

Voting Rights

Suggestion Rights

Tradable Tokens

Table 31 – DIM TOKEN rights.



59

Operational Times

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Governance    Operational Times

The DIM Ecosystem operates using CET (Central European Time), except for 
WISEConsulting, which uses GST (Gulf Standard Time).

Operational Times 

             GMT Times   CST Times    HKT Times    BST Times

09:00 – 21:00 (CET)     08:00 – 20:00   03:00 – 15:00    16:00 – 04:00    09:00 – 21:00

08:00 – 20:00 (GST)   04:00 – 16:00    23:00 – 11:00    12:00 – 00:00    05:00 – 17:00

24 hours         24 hours      24 hours      24 hours      24 hours

24 hours         24 hours      24 hours      24 hours      24 hours

HYBSE

WISEConsulting

DEPOTWALLET

DIMCOIN 
Foundation

Table 32 – Operational times in different times zone.

With proper governance, 
life will improve for all.

Benigno Aquino III



We are not makers of history. We
are made by history.

Martin Luther King Jr.

DIMCOIN History



61

DIMCOIN History

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIMCOIN History

2012 - The idea of a p2p financial ecosystem was born. We researched 
what licenses, programmers, legal requirements, and financial and IT 
engineers would have to be acquired to create the DIM Ecosystem. 
Research was done on the problems encountered by brokers and traders
 in the traditional financial markets. The development team was created 
and the necessary people were employed. A stock market architecture 
was created. A 10-year business plan was created for the ecosystem. 
Offices were opened in Mallorca, Spain.

2013 – An external IT company was appointed to help create the eco-
system. The necessary documentation was drafted to help create the 
ecosystem. Stock market internal guidelines were created. As a result, 
offices in Mallorca became fully operational. A wish list was created: 
features and possibilities of the ecosystem, trading technical plan de-
veloped (brokers and traders‘ problems incorporated into the wish list). 
The needed technology and framework were added.

2014 – Stock exchange licences were requested. Basic market core 
was developed. Listing servers and trading exchange functions were 
developed. Development on DEPOTWALLET began. The core of the 
stock exchange was renewed and its functions expanded. Administra-
tive work became fully operational. Stock market internal guidelines 
were reviewed. The legal team was created. Offices in Mallorca were 
expanded by 40%. Programming on HYBSE began, 19 applications were 
added, 25 changed and 55 fixed.

2015 – Financial and IT engineers were acquired. Office location was 
moved to Johannesburg, South Africa. A development team was created 
and the necessary people were hired. Offices in Johannesburg became 
fully operational. Programming on HYBSE continued, 11 applications 
were added, 12 changed and 18 fixed. Licenses for global stock exchange
were requested.

 
2016 – HYBSE programming continued, four applications were ad-
ded and six fixed. Offices in Johannesburg were expanded by 40%. 
DIMCOIN was created. Beta testing for HYBSE. DEPOTWALLET was 
created. Planning for an ICO commenced. Re-design and concept team 
appointed. WISEConsulting was incorporated. Security dealer licence 
was obtained. Free stock market education strategy implemented. Alli-
ances created in the crypto-world.



The future belongs to those who believe 
in the beauty of their dreams.

Eleanor Roosevelt

DIMCOIN Roadmap



63

DIMCOIN Roadmap

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
DIMCOIN Roadmap

2017 – List the DIMCOIN in three major exchanges. Integrate debit 
cards into DEPOTWALLET. Launch trading on the OTC. Launch applica-
tion on android. Apply for operating licences in Switzerland and Dubai 
for WISEConsulting. Exchange services up and running. Hire more 
programmers. Reprogram HYBSE into blockchain platform. Have 50 com-
panies listed on HYBSE (Q4).

2018 – Beta testing and implementation of HYBSE on blockchain platform. 
Expand the exchange, listings and trading functions on HYBSE. Beta 
testing of HYBSE (Q2). Launch mobile phone trading for Android (Q1). 
Have DIM Currencies accepted for commerce purposes. DIM debit cards 
(physical cards) to be made available to the public. Expand operations 
into Asia. Expand trading platform to other operating software (iOS, 
Desktop) (Q1/Q2).

2019 – Have 1% share of the global trading done on the DIM Ecosystem. 
Prepare to list the ecosystem on global stock markets. DIMCOIN ATMs. 
Expand operations into South America.

2020 – List the DIM Ecosystem on global stock markets. Expand opera-
tions into Africa.

 



At the end of the day, if I can say
I had fun, it was a good day.

Simone Biles

Summary



65

The DIM cryptocurrency comes in two versions with unique functions. The first, the 
DIMCOIN, is a speculative coin. It can be traded and exchanged on major global 
exchange platforms, and, simultaneously, within the DIM Ecosystem. The DIMCOIN 
will initially be available to the public through the DIMCOIN ICO. Users who purchase
DIM TOKENs will receive 100 DIMCOIN per token, each token carrying a value of $1. 
Token holders will have a form of ownership on the DIM Ecosystem. Holders with 
+50 DIM TOKENs will receive 30% of the net transfer fees charged, according to the 
token percentages, on DIMCOIN, DIM Currencies and cryptonised assets‘ transfers. 
Token holders will also have access to the DIM Ecosystem and the services provided 
therein.  

The second version of the DIM is the DIM Currencies. The DIM Currencies are equivalent
 to the fiat currencies that they are converted into. If users convert their US dollars into 
DIM Currencies, then $1 = 1 DIM USD. The value of the DIM Currencies is linked to fiat 
currencies and thus will not deviate from the market value of fiat currencies. The DIM 
Currencies will be used within the DIM Ecosystem for transaction purposes.  

The DIM Ecosystem is a blockchain-based financial platform that offers services ranging 
from equity trading to fiat-cryptocurrency conversion. The platform is the world‘s first 
due to the combination of services offered, technology behind the ecosystem, low fees 
charged and the interlinked nature of the ecosystem. The ecosystem eliminates the ex-
clusionary high walls set by mainstream financial platforms. It also gives the user an 
empowering p2p trading platform and allows ordinary users to get access to financial 
markets that were once reserved only for professionals and institutional investors.   

Listed companies within the DIM Ecosystem will be encouraged to accept the DIM Cur-
rencies as a form of payment for their services rendered. This will open their businesses
to a large pool of potential customers who are in possession of DIM Currencies. Simul-
taneously, this will expose the DIM Currencies‘ holders to a large pool of businesses 
that can service their needs.               

The DIM Ecosystem is a blockchain-based financial services ecosystem comprising of:

HYBSE – an online stock exchange where listed small and medium companies 
get access to international capital from registered investors. The platform is 
in the process of migrating to blockchain protocols. HYBSE is responsible for 
cryptonising assets so that they can be eligible for trade on the platform.
 
WISEConsulting – a bureau de change for the DIM cryptocurrency.
 
DEPOTWALLET – a blockchain wallet that permits users to hold and manage
their DIMCOIN and DIM Currencies together with their cryptonised assets. 
The wallet is free to download, giving users access to the ecosystem.
 
Digital Exchanges – users can exchange Bitcoin and other popular altcoins
for DIM cryptocurrencies and vice-versa.

Summary

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Summary



Glossary



67

Crypto-data – securitized data

Cryptonization – the process of securitizing physical assets into digital format 
DEPOTWALLET – a blockchain wallet that allows users to buy, sell, manage and hold 
cryptocurrencies and cryptonized assets

DIM – Digital Interactive Medium cryptocurrency

DIMCOIN – Speculative digital coin

DIM Currencies – digital currency for the DIM Ecosystem and e-commerce 

DIM Ecosystem – a community of services that utilises the DIM cryptocurrency 
as a medium of exchange

DIMCOIN Foundation – non-profit organization that has oversight of the DIM 
and DIM copyrights

DIM TOKEN – a package representing a number of DIMCOIN during ICO rounds

Fee Stamp – charges associated with the DEPOTWALLET

Hybrid Stock Exchange (HYBSE) – an online stock exchange offering issuers 
and investors an alternative trading platform

ICO – Initial Coin Offering

JSON – JavaScript Object Notation

Multisignature/Multisig account – an account with more than can be accessed 
by more than one user requiring multiple signatures

Nodes – servers on the network that are run by users

Price-per-DIMCurrencies – the individual price of each DIM Currencies

Unconfirmed transaction cache – collection of transactions still to be validated

WISEConsulting – a specialist company that distributes and manages cryptonized data

Glossary

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Glossary



Reference List



69

1. NEM, Radicalizing The Equity Market Landscape 
– https://nem.io/RadicalizingEquityMarket.pdf

2. Bos, J.W., Halderman, J.A., Heninger, N., Moore, J., Naehrig, M. & Wustrow, E. 2013, 
Elliptic Curve Cryptography in Practice 
- https://eprint.iacr.org/2013/734.pdf

3. CGI, Public Key Encryption and Digital Signature: How do they work?
 - https://www.cgi.com/files/white-papers/cgi_whpr_35_pki_e.pdf

4. NEM, How to Use Multi-signature Accounts 
- https://blog.nem.io/how-to-use-multi-signature-accounts/ 

5. WIR Bank
 - https://www.wir.ch/ 

6. Investopidia, Understanding Order Execution
 - http://www.investopedia.com/articles/01/022801.asp

7. Global Findex 
– www.worldbank.org/en/programs/globalfindex 

8. NEM, NEM Technical Reference
 – https://www.nem.io/NEM_techRef.pdf

9. NEM, What is Proof-of-Importance (POI) and Why is it Better, 
and What is Vesting?
 - https://blog.nem.io/what-are-poi-and-vesting/

Reference List 

DIMCOIN Whitepaper
Reference List 

https://eprint.iacr.org/2013/734.pdf
https://www.cgi.com/files/white-papers/cgi_whpr_35_pki_e.pdf
http://www.investopedia.com/articles/01/022801.asp
http://www.worldbank.org/en/programs/globalfindex
https://www.nem.io/NEM_techRef.pdf
https://blog.nem.io/what-are-poi-and-vesting/



