





























IN EVERY CASE THERE IS
VIRTUAL POTENTIAL

PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

Block Chain
Technology L.L.C



PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

02 www.Districts.io

Abstract 
The world has evolved into a fast-paced digitalized society, one where fluidity and ease 
of interaction take centre stage. Communication, social interaction, entertainment, and 
productivity are available at the push of a button. The caveat, however, is that the 
technologies that make this possible have in a bid to promote fluidity, cut out the 
traditional experiences formerly associated with these processes. More importantly, a 
dearth in scalable productive options and scarce resources have stymied the innovative 
process; brilliant ideas do not see daylight and of the handful that make it past the 
theoretical stage very few become successful enterprises. 

designed to project real-world and ethereal experiences to users all over the globe. Its 
robust architecture and highly competent development portal (the Districts Visual 
Studio), makes it the perfect candidate for bootstrapping real-world ideas and 
solutions. Districts is dissimilar from conventional virtual realities in that it is run and 
governed by its thriving community. Users who power the blockchain network by 
functioning as nodes hold the power to create and modify rules governing the 
ecosystem. Quite practically, its strength is in its numbers. It is this expansive number of 
users interconnected by the blockchain that has made Districts a hub for social 
interaction and innovation. 

In the Districts ecosystem, users can develop content, applications, and shared 

own personalized development tool – the Districts Visual Studio is commissioned into 
the ecosystem as a Decentralized Application or DAPP. Users exercise full control over 
their DAPPS and other intellectual properties in the Districts ecosystem. By default, all 
commissioned DAPPS are assigned a designated land parcel in the Districts 3D world. 
Users can also purchase and trade land arbitrarily for private or public use. Ownership 
and geographic location of a land parcel in the 3D world are defined by a smart script, 
localized in the Districts blockchain. 

fledged cryptocurrency – 3D coin; based on Bitcoin and Dash source code, and 
reinforced by additional legacy cryptic technologies. 



PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

03 www.Districts.io

Table of Contents  
Introduction :

A preface to Blockchain Technology LLC.............................................................

Our vision....................................................................................................................... 

Escalating Virtual and Augmented Realities to New Levels...........................

Use cases........................................................................................................................

4

5

6

8

14

15

15

16

17

17

18

18

19

20

20

21

11

22

Architecture:

3Dcoin Blockchain........................................................................................................

Decentralized Hosting................................................................................................

Decentralized Applications.......................................................................................

Districts Visual Script..................................................................................................

Content Acquisition and Payments........................................................................

Land Tokens...................................................................................................................

Transactions on the Network...................................................................................

Scripts..............................................................................................................................

3D coin Mining.............................................................................................................

Coin Blend......................................................................................................................

Sub Currencies..............................................................................................................

Conditional Transactions...........................................................................................

Conclusion

The Districts 3D world................................................................................................

The Districts Ecosystem

Market Opportunity....................................................................................................



PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

04 www.Districts.io

Introduction
1.1 A preface to Blockchain Technology LLC  

  

Block Chain 
Technology L.L.C

Projects Districts was founded under the umbrella of Blockchain Technology a limited 
liability company domiciled in the UAE. Blockchain Technology LLC on its own is an 
independent blockchain consortium with specific interests in blockchain technologies 
and cryptocurrencies. Headquartered in Dubai, Blockchain Technology LLC is one of 
the very first Blockchain start-ups fully fledged in the Gulf States. The region which 
currently hosts a teeming population of approx. 51 million people, has until very 

backed cryptocurrency drive. This is despite the fact that the region currently accounts 
for a significant proportion of global remittances, which in practice is one of the sectors 
blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies are looking to reinforce with efficiency. 

This limited blockchain stakeholder participation and relatively unexplored market 
potential in the Gulf States, specifically the UAE, was key to the localization of Block-
chain Technology LLC in Dubai. Our goal is to function as an industry leader and key 
influencer for the promulgation of Blockchain based technologies and cryptocurrencies 
to the vibrant economy of the UAE and the Arabian Peninsula at large. By collaborating 
with established foreign investors and global entities, Blockchain Technology LLC aims 

the potentially disruptive financial market of the Gulf States.



PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

05 www.Districts.io

1.2 Our Vision

 

 

Project Districts stemmed from a passion to create a boundless environment where 
real-world limitations and shortcomings are rendered invalid – In this world ‘possibility 
is the watchword. We wanted a system that nullified traditional barriers to innovation, 
one that went on to replace such limitations with the necessary tools needed to 
innovate, create and condensate ideas into workable solutions. 

To create this world, the Districts development team recruited the services of two 
innovative technologies, the blockchain, and Virtual Reality - each disruptive in its own 
right. Project Districts leverages the core efficiencies of these two pioneers of 
21st-century innovation, to create an immersive virtual ecosystem, complete with 
virtualized real-life entities existing in a real-time interactive environment. This 
synergistic manipulation of the Blockchain and Virtual reality is an industry first, more 
importantly, however, it is one that allows us to integrate a diverse range of 
functionalities into the Districts 3D world. 

Ultimately, Project Districts will be a thoroughly robust ecosystem where productivity, 
recreation, and innovation come to roost, much similar to the real world, only this 

interface for propagating traditional and ethereal experiences to both the everyday 
internet user and the tech-savvy geek.



PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

06 www.Districts.io

 1.3 Escalating Virtual and Augmented Reality to new levels 

Just last year, several newcomers including Sony s critically acclaimed PlayStation VR, 
Google s Daydream view headset, its Tango portable AR phone and Snaps Spectacle 
VR glasses debuted the VR/AR scene. Over 100 million VR headsets were sold, and 
quite impressively, Pokemon Go, the revolutionary AR based video game drove in over 
$1.2 billion in revenue. In that same year, the VR/AR industry cumulatively pulled in a 
total sum of $3.9 billion in revenues.

  

In 1987, following successful demonstrations of what was 

coined the term virtual reality to describe all 
technologies like the aforementioned that in very

later and VR/AR are now championing a seismic 
change in how we perceive the world.

These bubbling market indices are reflective of the immense potential contained in 
VR/AR ecosphere. Experts predict that come 2025, the VR/AR market would be worth 
well over $700 billion. 2025 is just a mere eight years away, and while $700 billion 
seems plausible, the sheer volume of participating stakeholders and the rapidity of 
VR/AR innovations springing up on the daily suggests otherwise. In the medical 
industry, for instance, VR is currently being used to treat a myriad of illnesses like 

tech to treat patients suffering from different kind of phobias. 



PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

07 www.Districts.io

The problem, however, with existing VR/AR frameworks is that they are 
 
                 Complex to manipulate – requiring an in-depth knowledge of existing 
                 technologies and frameworks. As a result, usage has been limited to only
                 industry professionals and tech-savvy enthusiasts. 

                 Expensive to set up – VR and AR worlds (with emphasis on the former)
                 require dedicated high-end infrastructures for hosting; most of which
                 exceed the budget ceiling of the everyday consumer. 
 
                 Limited in terms of capabilities and applicable use cases

Project Districts launches as the panacea for all three limitations; by exploiting the 
latent capabilities of the blockchain, Districts 3D world floats itself on a robust P2P 
system. The efficiency of this blockchain network severely cuts down traditional costs 
associated with setting up and running an AR/VR based ecosystem.  

 

Project Districts also comes with its own personalized developer tool – Districts Visual 
Studio (DVS). Districts Visual Studio, is a specialized development module that presents 
the complex intricacies of the Districts 3D world in an easy to use interface which 
effectively bridges the technical gap between the 3D world and its users. With this tool, 
users whether computer savvy or not can create custom entities in the 3D ecosystem. 
Before the establishment of Districts, the only other custom decentralized app 
development platform based on the blockchain was Ethereum. Ethereum was however 
developed for developers. This deficit meant that the thriving community of VR/AR 
enthusiasts with a need for a fully decentralized system with 3D capabilities were left 
hanging – that is, until the advent of project Districts. 



PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

08 www.Districts.io

1.4 Use cases  

                               High-End Applications
 

What makes Project Districts truly unique 
is its versatility and immense capabilities. 
From the retailing industry where it is poised 
to deliver efficient and highly scalable 
retailing solutions, to the educational sector 

global and fully interactive classroom, down to 
the health sector, where health professionals will
be given an avenue to create practical and effective 
therapies for the many neurodegenerative disorders – suffice it to say that the Districts 
train is one that will surely make a pit stop at every facet of human living. 

Districts Visual Studio has native support for the development of a broad range of 
applications, which will be commissioned into the Districts ecosystem as a DAPP. A 
user-defined DAPP could be anything – it can be as basic as a virtual key or as 
complex as full-scale MMORPG – It all boils down to the needs and creative 
tendencies of the user.  If your goal is to build another Districts ecosystem inside of 
the original Districts 3D world, fret not, Districts is built to support the most 
                                  demanding and resource consuming DAPPS. Bolstered by the 
                                                robust decentralized framework of the Blockchain and
                                                                   sailing the winds of our technical partners
                                                                inclusive of Unreal Engine, steam VR, Oculus,
                                                                    Allegorithmic to mention but a few, 
                                                                     Districts combines all the necessary 
                                                                     technologies to provide a cocktail of 
                                                                             digital excellence. 



PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

09 www.Districts.io

                       Provision of Real World Utilities 
 

                       Networking and Social Interaction
 

                       Advertisement and Content Promotion
 

Districts 3D world provides a solid basis for the 
establishment of enterprises that provide virtual
value-added services that can be availed in real 
life. Business owners and entrepreneurs can 
set-up custom entities such as shopping malls, 
online virtual classrooms and even virtualized 
health facilities – as was with application 
development the extent of the business idea 
is only limited by the developing entity. And 
unlike conventional methods of starting up and running a business, the Districts 
business model scales through traditional limitations of exorbitant expenses, 
bureaucracy, and cumbersome regulations. 

                                  Districts immersive world provides a fertile 
                                 ground for all forms of targeted advertising. Say 
                               a marketer is looking to advertise his gaming title, 
                              he/she can simply hoist up a virtual banner in any 

                          billboards, posters, and fliers can be displayed at  
                        strategic positions in the 3D world; brands can also 
create virtual experiences geared towards advertising and marketing 
their products.

Districts would also be a place to meet new people. 
Users will be able to interact in real-time in the 
3D world via custom-created avatars or through 

concerts, shows, broadcasts, and parades can also 
be hosted in the 3D world.



PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

10

t



That said, Projects District is uniquely dissimilar from the first generation VR/AR tech. 
Unlike the latter which focus majorly on hardware development for the experience of a 
3D world, Project Districts is that 3D world where all first gen VR/AR tech will 
demonstrate their use capabilities. This all-encompassing nature of Districts ultimately 
means that use cases of individual third party VR/AR technologies will be ported to the 
Districts Ecosystem.

PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

11 www.Districts.io

2.1 Market opportunity  

Three years ago virtual and augmented 

however on the back of both being 
revolutionary in impact some might 
describe them as the cherry topping of 
the 21st-century innovation drive. A quick 
performance analysis of the key players 
(counterpart technologies) like Oculus VR, 
HTC Vive, and Google cardboard reveals a 
steady improvement in operational 
capabilities and fiscal performance in the last two years; this is despite repeated technical 
setbacks within this same period. Project Districts comes into the VR/AR scene peering 
from the shoulders of these pioneer technologies.



PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

12 www



Fuelling this engine and serving as the official medium of 

PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

www.Districts.io

As of Nov ase is wor
of this sum is dedicated to the I O rve as an initial 

funding r r r t rtions;  

vestor ed for one 
v t ed for five ear

oard of advisor ed for one 
aign

Given the alr r re in the 
w r tocurr world mar et 

ear.     

Bounty01%

04%

10%

10%

75%

2 million 3DCoin max

8 million 3DCoin max

20 million 3DCoin max

20 million 3DCoin max

150 million 3DCoin max

Advisors

Blockchain L.L.C

Early investors

ICO

1Year

5Year

1Year

50%

35%

10%

05%

5% Unearl Engine
Devlopement

Marketing

Administrative
Legale

 Sof  

Har  



PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

14 www.Districts.io

Architecture 
3.1 3D coin Blockchain    

3DCoin is the driver of the Districts Ecosystem; it is a cryptocurrency developed specially 
for Districts applications with added legacy features for redundancy. The 3DCoin 
blockchain uses a set of public key cryptographic methods that further improve its safety 
and allows for the use of already existent keys from sister cryptocurrencies or from any 
other system for that matter. For instance, if a user has a PGP key for his/her email, 
he/she will also be able to use to receive 3DCoins. 

The blockchain which is made up of scalable blocks linked to form a simple chain, stores all 
forms of relevant data associated with the Districts ecosphere, be it transactions history or 
building references – with every block referring to the hash of the preceding block. 
Transactions are saved in the format of a Merkle tree (a sequential order of hashes), and of 
the full storage space, 20% will be dedicated to encoding details of small feeless 
transactions. Each block hosts a specified number of data capsules which in turn holds 



PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

15 www.Districts.io

3.2 Decentralised Hosting    

3.3 Decentralized Applications  

Decentralized applications are the functional units of the Districts ecosystem. They are 
the primary value proposition of the Districts 3D world, and it is through them that all 
segments of the Districts experience will come to life. A DAPP is comprised of two 
blocks –

                                                        The visual engine, encoded using an Unreal Engine
                                                         library and part of Districts client side. 

s visual script 
                                                        encoding platform parsed in a data capsule 
                                                        and hosted atop the blockchain network.

In practice, this configuration allows the blockchain network t
minimal bandwidth, since resource intensive properties, like textures, 3D modeling, etc. 
are served from the client end.     

                                                            The architecture supporting Districts 3D world
                                                          and its Decentralized Applications (DAPPs) is
                                                         hosted atop a decentralized blockchain network.                 
                                                       Unlike conventional centralized server-based 
                                                      systems, Districts distributes content essential to its                 
                                                    functionality among the users of this P2P network 
                                                  who then shoulder the major resource implications of 
                                                 floating the 3D world. This architecture, aside from 
                                                making the 3D world thoroughly redundant and 
                                              practically impermeable to third-party intrusion 
                                             theoretically gives all powers of governance to the 
                                           community.

As an incentive for hosting the 3D world framework participating users will be 
apportioned both token based assets (land and 3Dcoin) and, in the case where the 
contribution exceeds a set threshold, the title of Super Node /Prime node which 
comes with its own set of attractive perks. 



DVS is a modern, comprehensive, and robust IDE, comparable to the Ethereal 
developer portal presented in a fluid and easy to use interface. This minimalist 
interface features an easy to use drag and drop creation mode that allows users to 
select and implement a variety of functions such as texturization, scheduling custom 

or through VR controllers. Complex model interactions and trigger properties are 
defined as a tree of processes and conditions in an interactive map which when 
completed is parsed into the application by the DVS. 

DVS also come bundled with a diverse and expandable library of functions, textures, 
sound and 3D modeling templates that make the job of building and commissioning a 
DAPP more easier. Interactive tutorials that walk every user through the DAPP creation 
process will be found in the starting area of the Districts 3D world. In addition, a 
dedicated forum section where users can ask questions and contribute answers to 
other users will also be set up to foster seamless operation of the DVS module. 

Before final release, content creators can test run their finished DAPPs in offline mode, 
if the test phase is successful, an encoded script is generated by the DVS and stored in 
data capsule. Subsequent modifications to the DAPP can be effectuated by compiling 
add-on scripts which will then be incorporated as updates to the Districts library. 

Ownership of a Decentralized application is defined by a scripted transaction which 

freely by any user, creators can, however, set specific conditions and requirements that 
define how a DAPP can be accessed or used. Owners can also modify a DAPPs script 
(as would be necessary for the event of a transfer of ownership). Modifications will be 
broadcasted on the Districts blockchain as an updated scripted transaction subject to 
verification by a network consensus. If a script possesses unrecognized functions the 
updating attempt will be rejected. 

PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

16 www.Districts.io

3.4 Districts Visual Studio    



The first 25 land tokens 
representing the first ring of platforms in the 3D world will be ascribed to top 
investors. Every other parcel will have to be purchased with 3D coins either from the 
Districts server, in which case the 3DCoins will go to the development fund or from 

               Like was noted earlier, ownership of a virtual asset 
             (in the form of a DAPP or land token) and clearance to 
            use such an asset or service is defined by a scripted 
           transaction. When a third party purchases the right to 
         use a DAPP (in the case of curated contents) the ownership
       function previously defined at the point of creation of 
     the DAPP creates a payment transaction that houses a 
    specific transaction code. DAPPS are by default configured 
  to check for and then authenticate a transaction code before 
granting usage access.

PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

17 www.Districts.io

3.5 Content Acquisition and Payments

Once the decentralized application is completed, a land parcel in the 3D world must be 
acquired to receive the virtual building that will host it. This land parcel is intrinsically 
defined as a Land token. 

3.6 Land Tokens

 

Land Tokens defines what entity owns which land parcels in the Districts 3D world. By 
default, they are linked to the Decentralized Application which they host, although 
both can be traded freely. Ownership, as well as the precise geolocation 
(x, y, z coordinates) of a land, will be set and saved in the same 
scripted transactions as the DAPP.

Users have the option of selecting 
land parcels contained in either the 
pre-portioned or pre-categorized 
segments of the Districts 3D world, 
where land dimension are preset or 
in a District Sandbox where they 
can freely specify a preferred loca
tion and size.



The Districts framework and 3DCoin use a scripting system for transactions; the Script 
is stack-based and processed from left to right. It is Forth-like, purposefully not 
Turing-complete, with limited number of loops.

A script is essentially a list of instructions recorded with each transaction that describes 
how the next entity wanting to spend the asset (3DCoin, Land Token, DAPPs) being 
transferred can gain access to them. 

Transactions on the blockchain network are inalterable specifications 
from which a balance consensus is reached between 
the two involved parties. Contained in their metadata 
is information describing the amount of transferred 
asset (e.g., 3DCoin), the public key of the sender and 
that of the receiver. Each transaction is processed with 
a micro fee paid by the sender and redeemed by miners 
(see below). Micro fees vary by transaction volume – 
the larger the transacting data, the greater its 
correspondent micro fee. Users also have the option 
of parsing a smart script that programs transactions 
to effectuate at set conditions, or that defines the ownership 
status of land parcels and DAPPs in the Districts 3D world. 

When a user wants to send funds (in the form of 3DCoins), the Districts Wallet 
Application will broadcast a message containing the incoming transaction (with 
associated details) to the blockchain network. The network then authenticates this 
request by confirming the ownership of the said funds and validating the identity of 
the receiver before embedding the transaction into a block in the Blockchain network. 
On the other hand, transactions defining just land ownership and DAPPs do not 
effectuate any transfer of monetary value – their sole purpose is to refer to the data 
capsule that contains information regarding the DAPP script, its legitimate owner and 
the parcel (x,y,z) coordinates in the 3D world.

PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

18 www.Districts.io

3.7 Transactions on the network  

  

  

3.8 Scripts  

                                    



PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

19 www.Districts.io

                                    A public key that, when hashed, yields destination address 
                                         D embedded in the script. 

                                    A signature to show evidence of the private key corresponding 
                                         to the public key just provided. 

Scripting provides the flexibility to change the parameters of what's needed to spend a 
transferred asset. For example, the scripting system can mandate the provisioning of 
two private keys, or a combination of several, or even no keys at all. 

3.9 3Dcoin Mining  

Mining on the Districts blockchain is via a proof of work algorithm – designed to 
decrease the probability of creating two similar blocks in the same instance. This is 
achieved by running a set of unique block data through The NIST5 hashing 
algorithm -  a combination of the five finalists in the NIST hash function competition 
(BLAKE, Grøstl, JH, Keccak, Skein). When the resulting series of numbers meets certain 
criteria, the block is considered to be mined. It is then broadcasted to the network and 
added to the base blockchain after taking the said series of numbers as its hash. 
(Mining can be carried out using a GPU, CPU, or any other mining hardware) 

                                                   Once a block is mined, a block reward consisting of 
                                                    newly generated 3DCoins is distributed among 
                                                     Miners (50%), Node operators (45%), and the
                                                       Development reserve (5%). On very rare occasions, 
                                                        more than one block is mined in the same 
                                                          instance, presenting a situation where peers have 
                                                           differing last blocks added to their blockchain. In 
                                                            such cases, the network simply synchronizes to 
                                                              the block that was mined by the majority of the 
                                                          blockchain s users.

the hash of a public key) simply encumbers future spending of the 3DCoin with two 
things: 



Users can also create fungible assets using 
the Districts wallet application. Creation 
of these assets which can be used as 
tokens, shares, coupons or any other 
entity of value it can be a reversible 
process that splits a single 3DCoin into 
100 units of the specified sub currency 
(asset). As an example, a user can decide 

stock. These sub currencies can then be distributed among participating shareholders as 
a placeholder of value (stock). 

One shortcoming of disclosing public key on 
the blockchain network is that it to some 

identity. To maintain 100% anonymity 

Coin Blending algorithm.  

denominations (10, 1, 0.1 and 0.01) before proceeding to 
randomly match the transaction to a SuperNode which handles the blending process. 
From here the transaction is placed in a blending queue, where three matches for the 
standard denominations are found. The SuperNode then casts a readiness alert to 
three unique wallet applications, and once they respond with confirmation, 
the Blending session starts. 

Each of the three wallets sends both the input to be mixed, and a newly generated 

triple transaction containing the three inputs, and the three receiving public keys. The 
triple transaction is sent to the three wallets, they verify the exactitude of the inputs 
and the public-keys, sign the transaction, and send it back to the SuperNode. At this 
point, the SuperNode has a triple transaction with three signatures, after a final 
verification, this transaction is broadcasted like any other one to be added in a mined 
block, and finally into the blockchain.

PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

20 www.Districts.io

  

 

3.10 Coin Blend    

3.11 Sub Currencies
93  01  07408   5 0   30     4
01  392  4   774  2475
  595646045345   339055   3
07   30  466 7  7  68     5
  4461  05623   3  5   1   8 4
9  685985  29      851  4  2
76  8   81 9  8  2  77 8 0
     9   1    6 2744   0
 5   24  05 1  46   10      05
2  6   190   6  8        1
 0     1  1  0 58542  6083
5   2124  95    2   3   4
  1  628  6     7  6  78   23
6  473 65  6378     3    4
 4  1  80  578 9  6 9 0
  97074 528  7  0 0   1   2



The Districts Framework and the 3DCoin blockchain also has native support for 
conditional transactions, otherwise known as smart contracts. Conditional transactions 
can only be fulfilled if and when all accompanying conditions specified in the 
transaction script are met by the transacting parties. A simple visual tool will be 
available in the wallet application to set such transactions; the resulting broadcasted 
message contains both the transaction and the conditions script. The main conditional 
parameters are Time, Public-key, Website and Password.

PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

21 www.Districts.io

3.12 Conditional Transactions   



The final piece needed to complete the Districts Jigsaw puzzle was its 3D world and to 
create this the development team made use of the unreal engine. After parsing the 
resultant product with the aforementioned technologies/features the result was the 
fully fledged Districts ecosystem – a thoroughly immersive VR/AR platform reinforced 
by the core efficiencies of blockchain technology. 

Districts launches as the first entirely free for use virtual and augmented reality world 
with broad-spectrum capabilities and a limitless ecosystem. The Districts experience is 
an ethereal one, more importantly, however, it is the class definition of what being 

with little or no programming experience to develop complex DAPPs, an industry first 
that broadens the reach and penetration of the 3D world allowing for the participation 
of users from all spheres of life. Furthermore, the inclusion of a custom scripted 
in-house payments solution in the form of 3D coin obliterates the traditional 
limitations associated with 21st-century payments processing. 

This and more sets District ahead of the pack in the race for VR/AR dominance. While 
competitors are stymied by limitations in areas of ease of usage and technical 
competence, Districts surpasses all set benchmarks for functionality and excellence. As 
technology continues to evolve so also will the Districts ecosystem, the goal is to keep 
pioneering innovation by improving existing architectures and incorporating newer 
technologies – come 2025 Districts plans to be the lead player in the collective worlds 
of virtual and augmented reality. 

PROJECT    
DISTRICTS

22 www.Districts.io

Conclusion 
4.1 The Districts 3D world

 



Your only limit is your
imagination

contact@distr icts . io

Business bay,  Dubai

+971 552 323 102

https://distr icts . io/


