











































 

  

1   

  

  

  
  

WHITE PAPER  

Version 2.0  
  

  

  

   

www.ditcoin.io  
  

 

 

 

  

  

  

  



 

  

2   

CONTENTS:  
   

1. TERMS AND CONDITIONS   

2. MARKET DYNAMICS   

3. MARKET OPPORTUNITY  

4. MARKET CHALLENGES   

5. THE SOLUTION   

6. DIT MODULE OUTLINE  

7. CCE MODULE OUTLINE  

8. MAIN BENEFICIARIES  

9. GROWTH POTENTIAL  

10. TECHNICAL ASPECTS  

11. BENEFITS AND ADVANTAGES  

12. DTC ICO DETAILS AND CARDS ISSUANCE  

13. DITCOIN ROADMAP AND MILESTONE  

14. CONCLUSION  
     

  
  
    

  
  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
  

1. In order to complete the DitCoin Line of products, DitCoin is holding a token sale of DTC Tokens.   
2. By transferring Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Monero (XMR) or other supported cryptocurrencies to the  

DitCoin provided address or Payment Option (including Cash Payment) in exchange for DTC Tokens, the  
Purchaser confirms an understanding and acceptance that he/she is making a contribution into a DitCoin System for 

the development of DitCoin and line of products, as described in the DitCoin Whitepaper, available at the DitCoin 

web-site.   
3. The Purchaser understands and accepts that while the individuals and entities, including DitCoin Team, assigned to 

this task will make reasonable efforts to develop the DitCoin System, it is possible that such development may fail 

and purchasers’  of DTC Tokens could become useless and/or valueless due to technical, commercial, or  regulatory 

challenges, among other reasons.   
4. The Purchaser understands that there may be serious risks connected with cryptocurrency, such as heavy fluctuations 

of virtual or actual currency values, which in turn may lead to loss of currency over short or long periods.   

5. The Purchaser acknowledges and understands that the DTC Tokens have no warranty whatsoever, expressed or  
implied, to the extent permitted by the Applicable   Law. Accordingly, the DTC Tokens are purchased on 

an “as is” basis.   



 

  

3   

6. The Purchaser also understands that DitCoin or DitCoin Tech team will not provide any re-fund, under any 
circumstance, of the purchase price for DTC Tokens.   

7. The Purchaser further agrees to accept sole and exclusive risk for the purchase of DTC Tokens through the DitCoin 
Services. The Purchaser recognizes that the DitCoin Platform is currently being developed and may undergo 

significant changes before release.   
8. In order to reduce the possibility of fraud, phishing attempts, and other schemes perpetrated by malicious third 

parties, the Purchaser agrees not to respond directly to any inquiry regarding its purchase of DTC Tokens, including 

but not limited to email requests purportedly coming from DitCoin or DitCoin Tech Team. The Purchaser 

understands that DitCoin or DitCoin Tech Team may send the Purchaser emails from time to time, but these email 

notices will never ask for information or require a response from the Purchaser.   
9. The Purchaser recognizes that DitCoin does not warrant the period of time for which the DitCoin Service will be 

operational. The DitCoin Service may be abandoned by DitCoin for a number of reasons, including a lack of interest 

from the public, a lack of funding to develop similar products, and competing non-affiliates built on the same 

underlying protocol and open source technology.  
10. The Purchaser understands that between the time of purchase of DTC Tokens by means of the DTC Token sale 

and the inception of the DitCoin Service, Tokens will be usable in the Purchaser’s discretion and shall be therefore 

considered an asset class.    
11. By purchasing the DIT Tokens, the Purchaser confirms that he/she:Is legally permitted to purchase DTC 

Tokens in the Purchaser’s jurisdiction; Is of a sufficient age to legally purchase DTC Tokens or has received 

permission from a legal guardian who has reviewed and agreed to these Terms and the Sale Agreement; Will take 

sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with the purchase of Tokens as set in the Terms; not 

exchanging Bitcoin for DTC Tokens for the purpose of speculative investment; Has a full and complete 

understanding of the usage and intricacies of Blockchain-based assets, like Tokens, Bitcoin, and Blockchain-based 

software systems.   
12. After purchasing DTC Tokens, the Purchaser becomes a DTC Token Holder. DTC Token holders are enrolled 

in the DTC Rewards program to earn rewards and obtain benefits. DTC Token Holders by no means own any 

securities or interest in DitCoin.   
13. Nothing in the DitCoin Service, in the Terms, or in any statements or information contained on the Site at any 

moment, or in any means of communication of the Service (including but not limited to the publications in social 

media, as well as the statements or declarations made by inter alia the representatives of the Service,  
notwithstanding whether they had been made personally or on behalf of the Service), notwithstanding the time of 

their occurrence, shall be construed as the guarantee of gaining profit or benefit in any other form. The Purchaser 

understands that participating in the Token Sale may result in financial losses.   
14. The Purchaser understands and accepts that while the individuals and entities assigned to provide certain tasks 

to develop the Service make reasonable efforts to develop and complete these tasks, as well as the Services, under 

any regulatory scheme, it is possible that such development may fail and DTC Tokens become useless or valueless 

due to technical, commercial, regulatory or any other reasons.    
15. Hence, User therefore understands and accepts that the transfer of BTC to the DitCoin Service may result in a 

total loss and that the Purchaser shall not have any claim whatsoever to reclaim any BTC lost.   
16. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, the 

Purchaser will not hold any developers, auditors, contractors, founders of the Service or the Blockchain System or 

any member of DitCoin Tech Team liable for any and all damages or injury whatsoever caused by or related to the 

use of, or the inability to use, DTC Tokens, DitCoin Services, or DitCoin Blockchain system under any cause or 

action whatsoever of any kind in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, actions for breach of warranty, 

breach of contract, or tort (including negligence) and that developers, auditors, contractors or founders of the 

DitCoin Blockchain System and/or the Services shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or 

consequential damages, including loss of profits, goodwill or data, in any way whatsoever arising out of the use of, 

or the inability to use of the DitCoin Blockchain System and/or Services. The Purchaser further specifically 

acknowledges that developers, auditors, contractors or founders of the DTC Tokens, DitCoin Blockchain System, 

and/or the Services are not liable, and the User agrees not to seek to hold them liable, for the conduct of third parties, 

including other creators of DTC Tokens, and that the risk of creating, holding and using DTC Tokens rests entirely 

with the User. By creating or holding DitCoin Tokens, and to the extent permitted by law, the User agrees not to 

hold any third party (including developers, auditors, contractors or founders) liable for any regulatory 

implications or liability associated with or arising from the creation or ownership of DTC Tokens or any 

other action or transaction related to the DitCoin Blockchain System.  



 

  

4   

  

 THE MARKET DYNAMICS  

  

For over 150 years, there has been a notoriously vague trend in the finance industry. This reality stems 

from the fact that, there has to be a trusted third party (middleman) for anyone to be involved in money 

transfer transactions. These third parties (middlemen) include; a central bank, government, or credit card 

companies. However, these middlemen lack the ability to provide real time, precise traceability of 

monetary transactions.  

The first point of entry in a formal financial system is a bank account. Be that as it may, about two 

billion individuals around the world still remain unbanked. Accomplishing the Universal Financial 

Access (UFA) by 2020 appears a pipedream due to the abysmal pace of advancement in the traditional 

banking and financial services sector.  

On the other hand, digital forms of money have been growing by leaps and bounds in the last three 

years. The Blockchain which was ranked one of the top 10 emerging technologies in 2016 by the World 

Economic Forum has been predicted to be responsible for holding 10% of worldwide gross domestic 

product (GDP) by 2025. In 2015 alone, the capital investments surpassed $1 billion. It has also been 

predicted that every middleman in the finance sector, whether moving, storing, lending, trading, or 

attesting to money, will be affected by the Blockchain.   

  

  

2   MARKET OPPORTUNITY  
  

  

 2 BILLION UNBANKED ADULTS WORLDWIDE  
  

The finance sector now has a mammoth task guaranteeing financial consideration of the 

previously mentioned two-billion unbanked adults around the world in front of itself. 10 million of 

these unbanked adults are U.S. family units with a good percentage of them being immigrants and 

from different ethnic groups.  

  

The World Economic Forum opines that, “Digitizing payments even for agricultural goods could 

cut the number of unbanked by about 125 million, including up to 16 million in Nigeria”  

Needless to say, to eliminate those middlemen that stifle the financial-services supply chain and slow 

down the procedure of money transfer by taking huge cuts each time cash changes hands, there must be 

digitization of financial services, and it must be done now.  

  

  

  

  



 

  

5   

 MARKET CHALLENGES  
  
  

 Value lost in monetary translation  

In every foreign entity, account records are kept in the country’s local currencies. During online 

payments or cross-border transactions conducted through traditional third parties (middlemen), a 

foreign entity’s statements of accounts must first be interpreted by a domestic firm from a foreign 

currency into a domestic one. For example, a UK company’s pound sterling (£) would have to be 

translated into dollars ($) by a U.S. company. This procedure is known as foreign currency 

translation. During this value translation, there is usually a huge loss of financial value.   

This has brought out the extra-carefulness in customers who frequent internet business centers and other 

sales platforms. Blockchain technology can help eliminate the information asymmetries and offer a superior 

currency conversion rate, without compromising the shopping experience. It is therefore, DitCoin’s CCE (Currency 

Conversion Engine) aim to take care of this issue of vague exchange and 3  obscure conversion scale 
techniques and practices.  

  

 Associated problems  

In 2015, developing nations benefitted about $432 billion worth of lifelines from about $582 billion 

international exchanges, called remittances. These exchanges served as a vital source of income for 

the families, empowering them to pay for food, education, and medical services, while supporting 

productive investments in business and agriculture. However, the frameworks that handle these 

cross-border remittances are appealingly wasteful.   

  

 Cross-border payment inefficiencies  

There is a complex progression during cross-border payments between middlemen, from card 

networks, issuers, vendors, acquirers, processers and more. This complex process is worsened in 

that, if the sender and recipient’s banks don’t hold complementary records, the regional 

correspondent banks at each side of the transaction will take a cut, dragging the process. A 

crossborder transaction done through banks commonly requires two transactions in two national 

payment frameworks. Sometimes, about at least six or more parties apart from the sender and the 

receiver are included in this transaction, and each party touching the money will take a cut. This 

cost can be decreased altogether by blockchain. The World Bank estimates that “Cutting costs 

by at least five percentage points can save up to $16 billion a year.”   

The needed ingredients, from accounting and validation, to payment frameworks and currency platforms 

has been set up in the blockchain. With this, any application-based built on top of the blockchain can 

work as a digitalized clearing and settlement platform.   

   
   

     



 

  

6   

     

 Centralized system/ledger  
  

  

  

  

 Location-based and ATM Fees  

It is the habit of banks to charge ATM fees based on where a customer lives. For example, if you live 

in Phoenix, Atlanta, and Cleveland, and you use the ATM, it will cost a lot more than when you use 

the ATM in Boston, Philadelphia, and Los Angeles.   

   

A certain amount is usually paid by clients who keep accounts in traditional banks. This money is 

usually set aside as maintenance charges. In contrast however, maintaining an online account costs 

a client 40% less.  

  

   

 Credit surge in fees  

If a client maintains a minimum balance for a particular month, the client’s bank waives that month’s 

maintenance charges. Be that as it may, in contrast to an online account, a conventional bank account 

requires roughly $7400 more to avail the waiver. Furthermore, charges can sometimes significantly 

surpass those of typical banks depending on the type of credit rating an individual has and the country 

they live in.   In summary, millions of people are left out of the financial services chain as a result of a 

bank’s high charges, which is also a result of how big the bank is. The bigger the bank, the more fees it 

charges, and the more it leaves out millions of people from the financial services chain. Concerning 

international money transfers and the payment processing industry, the statistics demonstrates clear 

inefficiency, to  

5  the point of being an outright rip off. The existing framework in the finance industry rewards 
inefficiency with side effects such as; a high cost of international transfers, out-of-network ATM 

withdrawals, and location-based surges in managing an account.   

To emphasize, the different setbacks in the existing framework and foundation through which money 

generally flows, are:  

 LACK OF COMMON STANDARDS   

 REGULATORY COSTS   

 INFRASTRUCTURE   

   

   Monthly maintenance fees for online checking average $8.14, compared with $13.58 for traditional accounts.   



 

  

7   

http://euro.ecom.cmu.edu/resources/elibrary/epay/crossborder.pdf 

  

  

  

 e-Commerce Challenges  

It’s been a reality in developing countries that e-commerce is in the blooming age, but yet at such faces 

one major Challenge, which is the Payment processing…  

  

There is a clear need to Come up with a Solution, and strategies to answer the needs of this industry in 

the developing countries… DitCoin BlockChain Technology focuses on empowering this channel of 

internet-based businesses and work on the charges that traditional e-commerce activities attracts on the 

users by up to 40% less.  

  
  

 Regulatory Environment  
  

It is still unclear how Blockchain-based start-ups and services regulate their services and ethics, this 

therefore makes it potentially risky for people to venture into. Be that as it may, the affirmation of 

Blockchain and cryptocurrencies as alternate payment solutions can be done using isolated factors  

  

  

6  

 THE SOLUTION  
  

DitCoin (DTC) will combine both fiat and crypto into one product. Whenever a person transacts with 
a DTC card, or the app, they get a near-perfect bank exchange rate. And because business incentive is at 

the core of DitCoin’s product, users are guaranteed significant savings and CashBack on their 

transactions.  

  

 THE CORE PRODUCT SUITE  
  

DTC’s 4 Core Products  
  

1. DitPay: This is the world’s first large Cryptocurrency Marketplace and Payment Processor  
  

2. DTC Card: This is a major debit card with which clients and users can use to shop at more than 36 million 
places around the world (Visa and MasterCard)  

  

3. DTC Wallet: This is a digital wallet used to store, spend, send, and receive DTC Token. It is safe, secure, 
untraceable and insured.  

  

http://euro.ecom.cmu.edu/resources/elibrary/epay/crossborder.pdf


 

  

8   

4. CCE Module Outline: Comes with various benefits and rewards that can be utilized using a DTC Card at  
DitPay  

  

  

 CCE MODULE OUTLINE  
  

  

The CCE (Currency Conversion Engine) Module is a software module of our core platform that helps in 

real-time exchange rate synchronization. The use of a DTC Card creates a genuine bridge between the 

world and our own cryptocurrency, DitCoin, by making it easy for cardholders to spend their DTC in all 

local currency transactions.  

And with the CCE Module, converting DitCoin Blockchain assets to market-value fiat with a nearperfect 

exchange rate becomes easy for users.   

Using DitCoin’s mobile app, customers will have the capacity to transfer money to over a hundred 

currencies around the world in total privacy and with lower service charge possible compared with 7  other 
available means for such transactions.  

The DTC wallet, which will be available in IOS App Store, Google Play Store, and desktop/web version, 

will enable users to access, control and utilize their DTC Card. With this, internet-based purchasing 

experience will be extraordinarily enhanced, while the expenses commonly related with interbank 

conversion rate fluctuations and unnecessary charges will be eliminated, thus your cryptocurrency (DTC 

Tokens) will become spendable in real time.  

  

Also, due to the fact that individuals outside of the cryptocurrency industry generally don’t know how 

to utilize Blockchain, DitCoin has come up with an application that they can use as a mobile account 

to top up cryptocurrencies.  

  

  

 WHO ARE THE MAIN BENEFICIARIES?  
  
  

 Cryptocurrency-holders  
  

DitCoin’s main customers are cryptocurrency holders. These are individuals who confront difficulties 

in shopping and executing transactions online using the cryptocurrencies despite already having 

access to alternate currencies. These people are frequent global clients, and would be the ones taking 

the most advantage of DitCoin’s CCE (Currency Clearance Engine) and its capacity to offer them the 

best exchange rates in a flash.  

  
  

 Fiat-only customers  
  



 

  

9   

Fiat-only clients would naturally take advantage of the speed, low cost, security, and anonymity of 

the Blockchain framework because of the excessive bank charges they frequently encounter when 

trading through conventional frameworks.    

  

8   GROWTH POTENTIAL  
   

Jonathan Vaux, Visa® Card’s VP of innovations and strategic partnerships, noted that “blockchain 

has received a significant amount of analyst and press attention over the last few years, as this 

emerging technology holds significant potential.” The growth potential of the market can likewise be 

evaluated by the fact that market capitalization of cryptocurrencies attained a new height of $102 

Billion as of June 15, 2017, an increase of 1363% since Feb. 19, 2016. Bitcoin and Ether (the 

cryptocurrency of the Ethereum Blockchain platform) have a market capitalization of about $42 

billion and $25 billion, respectively.  

  

  

  

 TECHNICAL ASPECTS – EXPLAINED  
  

 An Overview on DTC Card and DTC Wallet Collaboration  

Our mission to connect the world and cryptocurrency is fulfilled with our invention of the DTC Card and 

DitCoin Wallet. Just like it is done in conventional banks and debit card, DitCoin is making all 

Blockchain assets spendable in real time. Our most prominent milestone has been the establishment of a 

global method of banking that is accessible around the world for users to have the capacity to spend 

cryptocurrencies the way fiat money is.  

  

Bitcoin, Dash, Litecoin, Ripple, Zcash, and Monero, with additional assets being included in the not so 

distant future.  

  

The DitCoin Wallet App permits the secure hosting of multi-Blockchain assets, while making the assets 

spendable through customers’ smartphone or DIT Cards.  

  

  

  
  

  

 The DitCoin Wallet  
  

A multi-asset Blockchain Wallet that is secure, insured, and connects to your DTC Card.  

  



 

  

10   

 The first phase in creating a global account is to download the DitCoin Wallet application, 
which will be accessible in the iOS App Store, Google Play Store, and soon, on desktop/web.  

  

 Once the client, who will be addressed as “user” has installed the DitCoin Wallet App, they 
will enter essential information, for example, name, phone number, email address, and a 

password.  

  

 After the user has created an account, a multi-currency wallet will be automatically created. 
The passwords that are associated to the DitCoin Wallet account holders will be stored safely 

by means of an industry-approved hot and cold storage solution.  

  

 These assets will be insured from theft/hackers, giving users peace of mind. By Ql 2019, we 
will give users the capacity to waive insurance and store their own private keys if they wish to 

opt out of DitCoin’s insurance policy.  

  

 Once a customer has assets in the DitCoin Wallet, they can be securely stored, transferred, or 
spent via the DitCoin Wallet App or the DTC Card. The user has the ability to select a default 

transaction currency at any time, a user can likewise withdraw Blockchain assets to transfer 

them to another wallet without persevering through any exchange fees at any given time.  

  

 The DitCoin Wallet App works in synchrony with the DTC Card to give the user full control. 
Clients set custom spending limits, withdrawal limits, and lock/unlock the card all through the 

application.  

  

 The DTC Card  

10  
The DTC Card will connect to the DitCoin Wallet, which permits storage and spending of DitCoin,  

  

 To order a DTC Card, the client must place the request directly inside the DitCoin Wallet App. For 
United States customers, the DTC Card will be a Visa® card, while for international clients, the DTC 

Card issued will be a MasterCard®.  

   

 Clients will have the capacity to create either a virtual card and/or a physical card.  

  

 Using DitCoin’s CCE Module, DTC Card enables all supported cryptocurrencies to become 

spendable in real time, in view of the government fiat being used at the time the card is used at a 

participating location.  

  

  
 DitPay  

  

 DitPay is the world’s first marketplace for buying and selling thousands of daily-use 
goods.  

  



 

  

11   

 DitPay shall integrate a Payment processing features which can be implemented to other 
stores to accept payments and will act similarly to traditional Payment Processor.  

  

 DitPay, short for DitCoinPay, will be the world’s first online superstore that enables clients 
to buy merchandise through their Blockchain assets.  

  

 Users will be able to utilize their DitCoin Wallets, DTC Cards, or external wallets to check 
out. DitPay offers an item guarantee, understanding the dangers that might be related with 

making purchases with cryptocurrencies.  

  

  

 DitCoin offers a 30-day return policy on all products that are indicated on a return list.  

  

11   

 Currency Conversion Exchange (CCE) Module  

  

DitCoin’s processing engine is API-friendly. It is a module which is coordinated into all stages and 

cards. It utilizes our liquidity pool and stage to change over any upheld Blockchain asset to the fiat used 

at market value— with 0% charges. This trade charging strategy is significantly straightforward. It is 

quite different from what applies with the customary currency exchange used by the intermediaries in the 

finance industry.  

  

 DTC Insurance  
  

 DitCoin has her clients at heart, therefore, all computerized money that DitCoin holds online is 
completely guaranteed. This means that, were DitCoin to endure a break of its online storage, any 

client stores lost as a result would be paid out by the insurance. The insurance policy covers any 

misfortunes coming about because of a break of DitCoin’s physical security, digital security, or 

employee theft.  

  

 DitCoin holds less than 1% of customer funds online. The rest is held in offline storage. The 
insurance policy employed by DitCoin does not cover any losses that arises if a customer’s individual 

account is compromising. The customer has the sole obligation to use a solid password and take 

control of all login credentials they use to access DitCoin.  

  

  

 BENEFITS AND ADVANTAGES  

  



 

  

12   

12  The DitCoin Blockchain technology mainly eliminates third parties (middlemen) in the process 
thus, lowering the cost significantly per transaction and changes the idea of ‘network’ by 

building one that is digitalized, and is location-independent.  

  
 It creates a worldwide account for clients to personally manage their assets and funds real-time the 

way they want it to be.  

  

 Gives worldwide clients who don’t have access to banks, a safe and secure method of saving money.  

  

 DTC Token holders will receive a 0.8% reward for every transaction in Partnering Stores.  

  

 With the lowest spending and exchange fees, consumers can now truly benefit from their Blockchain 
assets  

  

 Card rewards of up to 3% on purchases made on the DTC Card  

  

 Global banking product designed to give access to banking capabilities worldwide  

  

 No monthly maintaining balance. This gives DTC holders and users more control of their assets and 
funds.  

  

 All cryptocurrency stored will be insured from theft and hackers.  

  

 Multi-Blockchain compatibility.  

  

 All assets stay in cryptocurrency and only get converted when funds are spent with the DTC Card, 
etc. This gives DTC holders and users the power to maximize the value of their acquired DTC tokens 

everytime they want to use it.  

  

 DTC Token holders and users will have access to 36+million points of sale, in 200+ countries, where 
Visa® and/or Mastercard® are accepted.  

  

 Funding travel with cryptocurrencies  
  

 If a customer is making travel plans, digital Token and Blockchain technology can be used 
to finance the arrangements. This is one instance where DitCoin (DTC), DTC Wallet  

and DTC Card can be used. What this means is that travelers can feel free to use the DTC 

Card to spend without having the worry of exchange rate cuts. It is an equitable, 

straightforward, and frictionless process.   

  

 DTC Card is not limited to just an aspect of travel spending. Purchasing air miles, paying 
for vacation rental accommodation, and peer-to-peer travel planning are among the many 

other different sections of the travel business in which the DITCOIN Card can be 

extended into.   

Real-world examples: Forbes Magazine reported that programmerFelix Weis was able to travel for 18 
months spending only bitcoins. Though it might seem an isolated example of the use of tokenized 

traveling, the use case will only grow as the time passes. Per Forbes Magazine, Weis used “no banks. 

And that meant no western union, no money exchanges, no converting us dollars to Euros, no Euros 



 

  

13   

to Yen.” Weis is reported to have avoided all the currency conversion trappings and high fees levied by 

financial services intermediaries.  

  

 Cross-Border Online Shopping in Cryptocurrency  

  

 Some clients desire to acquire items to be sent across borders, but due to the effect of 
middlemen on cross-border payments, DitCoin’s Blockchain-based debit card (DTC Card) 

and wallet (DTC Wallet) solution can be used. It eliminates the tedious and vigorous effect of 

Cross-border payments.  

  

 Buying product becomes available with DitPay’s online marketplace which allows the use of 
DTC Card in transactions. There are instances where importers need to pay their suppliers, 

but with local banks charging heavily, and several annoying effects of middlemen, the 

Blockchain has become an effective tool for reliable financial transactions. It can be used to 

settle several international payments within a couple of  hours.   

  

 Blockchain is one of such technologies that bypass existing infrastructure and links 
purchasers directly across the world. The fundamental incentive is that it also gives an 

alternative mechanism of settlement. Therefore, speed, cost, and haziness are the real issues 

that DitCoin’s cryptocurrency debit card and wallet will help unravel for individuals engaged 

in cross-border online payments.  

  

 Inbound Remittances  

  
 There will be huge effect of cryptocurrencies and Blockchain-enabled payment solutions on 

the international remittance industry. It is notable that the most widely recognized way 

migrant workers send money back home is using Western Union, regional/local remittance 

outlets, or agents, and that these payment solution providers have high international transfer 

rates.  

  

 New companies are beginning to leverage on the Blockchain to offer remittance services in 
various nations. A typical example is Rebit in the Philippines, ArtaBit in Indonesia, and 

BitPesa in Africa. These organizations acknowledge the use of Bitcoins as payment from  

the nation of origin of a payment, and convert them into the local currency. Without going 

through the near-illogical banking channels, the recipients can have access to the local 

currency. They do not have to part with hundreds of dollars as exchange or service charges.  

  

  

DitPay’s integration solution comprises of debit card (DTC Card), wallet (DTC Wallet), and software 

(CCE) fit for changing over currencies at the most reduced conceivable transformation rates. It can be used 

to manage inbound remittances.  

15        

 Small businesses have a lot to benefit, although, remittances require some time to get a decent 
amount of transfer in the form of cryptocurrencies. These organizations have no, or 

constrained access to credit extensions, associations, or contracts that can enable them to 

exchange and send funds internationally. The payments they might need to make are little, 



 

  

14   

yet it is hard to discover a practical approach to send cash. DitCoin’s answer will help fill the 

hole.  
  

 Cross-Border B2B Payments  
  

 Though the platform may be basically established for only the consumer market in mind, 
notwithstanding, there is a solid motivating force to present new items and solutions for the 

B2B market. This will be done as the platform continues to mature, and the procedures are 

being streamlined for existing target markets.  

  

 DTC TOKEN SALE AND DTC CARD ISSUANCE  
  

 DTC TOKEN SALE  
  

 DITCOIN (DTC) TOKENS WILL BE AVAILABLE DURING THE  

CROWDSALE BEGINNING ON NOVEMBER 07, 2017 AT 09:00AM EASTERN  

16  STANDARD TIME  (NEW YORK TIME ZONE) UNTIL DECEMBER 07,  
2017 AT 01:00PM EST  

  

 THE DTC TOKEN SALE WILL BE SOLD AT 1 DTC FOR $0.95 RATIO (THE 

VALUE NOTED IN USD HERE IS JUST FOR REFERRENCE GUIDE). THIS MEANS 

THAT FOR EVERY $0.95 PURCHASED (Worth Value in accepted Payment Options), 

A CUSTOMER WILL RECEIVE 1DTC TOKEN.  

  

 DTC Tokens are being listed for sale in accordance to our DTC Product lines. There will be 7 

Million DTC tokens available for sale beginning on NOVEMBER 7th.  5 Million DTC 

tokens is targeted to be sold in our pre-sale. A minimum contribution purchase needs to be 

250 DTC and will get you an access code for our system and a max cap of 100,000 DTC 

token. DTC tokens will be sold at 1 DTC for $0.95 (worth in accepted CrytoCurrencies or 

Cash). There will be a total of 10 Million Available DTC Tokens to sell.  

  

 We will be accepting a maximum of 95,000 BTC in our token sale...  

  

 DTC token sales will accommodate a Promo in 3 Major stages,  

  

 Pre-Sell from 26th October 2017 thru 1st November 2017 (1DTC = $0.75) and 
30% Bonus on every purchase  

 Pre-Sell from 2nd November 2017 thru 6th November 2017 (1DTC = $0.85) 
and 25% Bonus on every purchase  

 Main Sales from 7th November 2017 thru 18th November 2017 (1DTC = $0.95) 
and 20% Bonus on every purchase 

 Sales from 19th November 2017 thru 25th November 2017 (1DTC = $1.25) and 
10% Bonus on every purchase  

 Post ICO Sales from 7th December 2017 thru 25th January 2017 (1DTC = 
$1.75) and 25% Bonus on every purchase 

 



 

  

15   

  

 DitCoin Wallets (Windows and Android) are already live, however, the DTC token sale is 
being offered to properly fund the vision of DitCoin’s future. Extra subsidies is required by our 

on boarding key developers, a legal team, marketing people, and other key segments and work 

force. The DTC Token will be accessible to buy through different stages after the token sale.  

  

 DTC Tokens are not securities, shares, or investments. They are utility-based tokens on the 
DitCoin Blockchain designed to work in our ecosystem and line of products.  

  

 During the crowd-sale, 56% of all DTC Tokens sold for purchase will be used in DitCoin 
Asset Building, including and not limited to creating usability channels of DitCoin (Such as e-

Commerce Stores Creations and Sponsoring). 8% of all DTC Tokens sold will be apportioned 

to dissemination of bug abundance, business advancement, group ventures, market extension, 

and that’s only the tip of the iceberg. 20% of all DTC tokens sold will be allocated to our 

Bounty / Promo reward scheme, while 6% will be given to Charity (1% in Bangladesh to the 

Rohingya Refugees, 1% in Cameroon and Nigeria respectively to the  

Refugees Camp in the northern side of Cameroon and Nigeria, 1% in India and 1% in 

Kenya and 1% in Philippines). The remaining 10% will be dispersed to DitCoin’s organizers, early 

financial specialists, and representatives as an impetus to making an 17  enduring common 
interest and commitment to the tokens and their drawn out value.  

  

  

  

 DTC CARD ISSUANCE  
  

o The DTC Titanium ® Card  
  

o The DTC Black ® Card  
  

 The initial 500 token benefactors who buy DTC Tokens with 4+ BTC 

will be issued The DTC Black® Card Founders Edition. The DTC  

Black® Card is an all-metal debit card. It has its spending limit of 

$10,000 every day. Its withdrawal limit is $5,000 every day. Improved 

prizes program for DTC Black® cardholders will also be done  

  

o The DTC Gold ® Card  
  

 The principal l000 supporters who buy DTC Tokens with 3+ BTC will be issued 
The DTC Gold® Card restricted version. The DTC Gold® Card has a smooth 

gold design with a limited-edition engrave. It has a spending limit $5,000 every 

day and a withdrawal limit of a $1,000 every day. An improved rewards 

program is also included in The DTC Gold® Card.  
  

  

o The DTC Blue ® & DTC Virtual ® Card, available to all:  
  



 

  

16   

 The wallet app can be used by Clients to generate DTC Blue virtual card, or 
order their DTC Blue® Card. This card will be our signature card. It will permit 

a daily spending limit of $1,000 and daily withdrawal limit of $500.  

  

  

18  

  

  

  

  

  



 

  

17   

 

  
  

  

  

• Phase 1 Development of DitPay eCommerce & Delivery centers   

• Phase 1 Development of DitCoin Token Investment (Part of the Reward Progam)    

• Active live product testing since mid-2017   

• R&D for the Currency Conversion Engine   



 

  

18   

   
           

       

DitCoin dedicated significant time to product planning, as per the following milestone items: 
DitCoin will work alongside its partners to acquire/hold licenses in as many countries and states as 

possible. These licenses will be held under the categories of money transmitter, check seller, 

electronic money transfers, and seller-issuer of payment instruments.  

  

  

  

  

 CONCLUSION  

  

DitCoin (DTC) proposes to offer an integrated cryptocurrency marketplace and commerce solution.  
  

Blockchain technology has proved to be a disruptive revolution and innovation for many industries, 

particularly the finance industry. With its presence as one of the main 10 developing advances in 2016, its 

maturity has seen blue-chip companies recognize it as a potential disruptors for several industries. The 

Blockchain revolution however can only remain embraced by every industry.   

   
Leveraging on the over $100 billion market cap of cryptocurrencies, DitCoin (DTC) has brought ease to the world of 

online buying and selling with its cryptocurrency-based market place, where customers can use DTC Card ® anywhere in 

the world that accepts Visa ® and/or Mastercard ®; Customers will also have the capacity to use their DITCOIN on 

DTC Card ®, DitCoin Wallet, App, or other DitCoin Products  
  

  

  

  

  

  
        
        

  



 

  

19   

 

Copyright © 2017 DITCOIN | All rights reserved. 

email: support@ditcoin.io  

   

   
DIT Card®, DIT Titanium®, DIT Black®, DIT Blue®, DIT Virtual®, are registered trademarks of DitCoin, Inc.   
   
Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service 
mark of Apple Inc.   

   
Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.   
   
Visa® and the Visa Brand Mark are registered trademarks of Visa U.S.A, Inc.. All other trademarks and service marks 
belong to their owners.   

   
Mastercard® and the Mastercard Brand Mark are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. All other 
trademarks and service marks belong to their owners.   
  All trademarks and brand names belong to their respective owners. Use of these trademarks and brand names do 
not represent endorsement by or association with this card program. All rights reserved.   

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


