






















 

EchoLink - EKO  – Blockchain Based Professional Networking and 
Recruiting Platform 

 
Building A High-Trust Economy 

 
Token Name: EchoLink, Symbol: EKO 

 
Steve X. Chen* 
EchoLink Team 

Palo Alto, California, USA 
steve@echolink.tech 

GitHub: ​https://github.com/EchoLinkTech/EchoLink 
Official Website: ​http://EchoLink.info 

 
 

Abstract 
 
We introduce a blockchain based system of verified education, skill, and career information for              
individuals. The EchoLink System stores professional and other related information in an unalterable             
format on blockchains. The EchoLink System supports and provides access to multiple public,             
alliance, and private blockchains. All information is provided by trusted information authorities. The             
system saves businesses and other entities time and financial resources in recruiting, admission,             
vetting efforts while providing easy access to a pool of vetted candidates. The EchoLink System can                
be further extended to provide verified information in addition situations and industries, such as              
banking, finance, and insurance.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
Figure 1: ​Echo​ = Education + Career skills + Human capital + Opportunity; ​Link​ = Worldwide Network 

 
  

*corresponding author 

https://github.com/EchoLinkTech/EchoLink
http://echolink.info/


EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 
Contents 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 4 
 
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY 5 
 
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 5 
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU 5 
 
CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 8 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS 9 
 
TERMS USED 9 
 
NO ADVICE 9 
 
NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE 9 
 
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION 10 
 
NO OFFER OF INVESTMENT OR REGISTRATION 10 
 
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 10 
 
1. ​INFORMATION 12 

1.1. Global Education in the Age of Internet 12 
1.2. Demand For Talent 12 

 
2. ​CURRENT ISSUES 12 
 
3. ​OUR SOLUTION - ECHOLINK 15 

3.1. Advantages of Blockchain 15 
3.2. Economic Incentives 15 

 
4. ​TECHNICAL IMPLEMENTATION 16 

4.1. Digital Identity and Credential Creation 17 
4.2. Off Chain Data Sources 19 
4.3. Dynamic Blockchain Browser 19 
4.4. Multi-Blockchain Support 20 

 
5. ​ECONOMIC MODEL 20 

5.1. Token on EchoLink System - EchoLinkToken 20 
 
6. ​CONCLUSION 21 

6.1. Future Work 21 
6.2. Acknowledgements 21 
6.3. Whitepaper Versions 21 

6.4. Code Base 21 
 

 
 
 
 
 
  

2 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 
IMPORTANT: YOU MUST READ THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMER IN FULL BEFORE          
CONTINUING 
 
The sale of the EchoLinkToken, the exchange medium to pay fees between users and other               
participants of the EchoLink System as detailed in this whitepaper (the “​Whitepaper​”) is only intended               
for, made to or directed at, only persons outside the United States of America and may be acted upon                   
only by persons outside the United States of America. Moreover, this Whitepaper is not a prospectus                
or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units                    
in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment, or a                  
solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction. No regulatory authority has examined or               
approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. This Whitepaper has not been                
registered with any regulatory authority in any jurisdiction. 
 
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof               
(as the case may be), you represent and warrant to EchoLink Foundation Ltd. (Company Registration               
No.: 201728041W) (the “​Foundation​”) that: 
 
(a) you are not a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise), person domiciled in, or green card holder of                 

the United States of America; 
 

(b) you agree to be bound by the limitations and restrictions described herein; and 
 

(c) you acknowledge that this Whitepaper has been prepared for delivery to you so as to assist                
you in making a decision as to whether to purchase the EchoLinkTokens. 

 
  

3 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
 
This Whitepaper in current form is being circulated by the Foundation for general information and to                
invite investor feedback only on the EchoLink System as presently conceived, and is subject to review                
and revision by the directors of the Foundation, the advisers, and/or legal advisers of the Foundation.                
Please do not replicate or distribute any part of this Whitepaper without this note in accompaniment.                
No part of this Whitepaper is intended to create legal relations between a recipient of this Whitepaper                 
or to be legally binding or enforceable by such recipient against the Foundation. An updated version                
of this Whitepaper may be published on a date to be determined and announced by the Foundation in                  
due course. 
 
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED “DISCLAIMER OF           
LIABILITY”, “NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES”, “REPRESENTATIONS AND       
WARRANTIES BY YOU”, “CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS”,        
“THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS”, “TERMS USED”,           
“NO ADVICE”, “NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE”, “RESTRICTIONS ON         
DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION”, “NO OFFER OF INVESTMENT OR REGISTRATION”         
AND “RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES” CAREFULLY. 
 
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD               
CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). 
 
The EchoLinkTokens are proprietary ERC20 Token Standard cryptographic tokens developed and           
issued by the Foundation to function as the native utility token used in the EchoLink System network                 
as the means of value exchange, to power the EchoLink System and incentivise the keeper nodes of                 
the EchoLink System network. “​ERC20 Token Standard​” means the set of criteria, (including criteria              
in relation to functions and events) developed by the Ethereum community, which has to be met in a                  
smart contract on a blockchain in order to enable inter-operability across multiple interfaces and              
distributed applications. 
 
The EchoLinkTokens are not intended to constitute securities of any form, units in a business trust,                
units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment in any jurisdiction. This                
Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to                 
constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment                  
scheme or any other form of investment, or a solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction. 
 
This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion or any advice to acquire, sell, or any                   
solicitation of any offer by the Foundation to acquire any EchoLinkTokens nor shall it or any part of it                   
nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or                    
investment decision. 
 
The Foundation will deploy all proceeds from the sale of the EchoLinkTokens to support ongoing               
development and growth of the EchoLink System network. 
 
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the acquisition                  
of EchoLinkTokens and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of                  
this Whitepaper. 
 
Any agreement as between the Foundation and you as a participant in the Token Sale, and in relation                  
to any purchase of EchoLinkTokens is to be governed by only a separate document setting out the                 
terms and conditions (the “​Token Sale Terms​”) of such agreement. In the event of any               
inconsistencies between the Token Sale Terms and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail. 
 
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper.                 
No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any                  
jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the              
applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with. 

4 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 
 
There are risks and uncertainties associated with the Foundation and its business and operations, the               
EchoLinkTokens, the Token Sale, and the EchoLink System. Please refer to the section entitled              
“Risks and Disclosures” set out at the end of this Whitepaper. 
 
This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any                 
country where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted. 
 
No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this               
section and the following sections entitled “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No Representations and            
Warranties”, “Representations and Warranties By You”, “Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking          
Statements”, “Third Party Information and No Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No Advice”,              
“No Further Information or Update”, “Restrictions On Distribution and Dissemination”, “No Offer of             
Investment Or Registration” and “Risks and Uncertainties”. 
 
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY 
 
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, the Foundation shall               
not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort,                 
contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or                   
data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part                   
thereof by you. 
 
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
The Foundation does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation,              
warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation,               
warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information                
set out in this Whitepaper. 
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU 
 
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof               
(as the case may be), you represent and warrant to the Foundation as follows: 
 
(a) you agree and acknowledge that the EchoLinkTokens do not constitute securities of any form,              

units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of                
investment in any jurisdiction; 
 

(b) you are not a citizen or resident of a country the laws of which prohibit or conflict with the                   
Token Sale or your participation in the Token Sale; 
 

(c) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer              
document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units                  
in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment in                 
any jurisdiction, or a solicitation for any form of investment, and you are not bound to enter                 
into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment               
is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper; 
 

(d) you acknowledge and understand that no EchoLinkToken should be construed, interpreted,           
classified or treated as enabling, or according any opportunity to, tokenholders to participate             
in or receive profits, income, or other payments or returns arising from or in connection with                
the EchoLinkTokens or the proceeds of the Token Sale, or to receive sums paid out of such                 
profits, income, or other payments or returns; 

 
(e) you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the              

information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws,                 

5 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 

regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or            
dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory              
requirements or rules have been complied with; 
 

(f) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion of             
the Token Sale, or future trading of EchoLinkTokens on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall             
not be construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of the                
Foundation, the EchoLinkTokens, the Token Sale, and the EchoLink System; 
 

(g) the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or               
acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws,               
regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to possession              
are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions at your own              
expense and without liability to the Foundation; 
 

(h) you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to acquire any EchoLinkTokens,               
EchoLinkTokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as: 

 
(i) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency; 

 
(ii) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity; 

 
(iii) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares; 

 
(iv) rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or              

pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss; 
 

(v) units in a collective investment scheme; 
 

(vi) units in a business trust; 
 

(vii) derivatives of units in a business trust; or 
 

(viii) any form of investment;  
 

(i) you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to acquire any               
EchoLinkTokens if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise), person domiciled in, or green               
card holder of the United States of America or a person who is located in the United States of                   
America at the time of your intended purchase or purchase for of EchoLinkTokens in the               
Token Sale; 
 

(j) you are legally permitted to participate in the Token Sale and all actions contemplated or               
associated with such participation, including the holding and use of EchoLinkTokens; 
 

(k) the amounts that you use to acquire the EchoLinkTokens were not and are not directly or                
indirectly derived from any activities that contravene the laws and regulations of any             
jurisdiction, including anti-money laundering laws and regulations; 
 

(l) if you are a natural person, you are of sufficient age and capacity under the applicable laws of                  
the jurisdiction in which you reside and the jurisdiction of which you are a citizen to participate                 
in the Token Sale; 
 

(m) you are not obtaining or using EchoLinkTokens for any illegal purpose; 
 

(n) none of: 
 

6 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 

(i) you; 
 

(ii) any person controlling or controlled by you; or 
 
(iii) if you are a privately-held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in you;  
 
 
 

(o) you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage,             
transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies,        
blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage          
mechanisms, blockchain technology, and smart contract technology; 
 

(p) you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any                
EchoLinkTokens, there are risks associated with the Foundation and its respective           
businesses and operations, EchoLinkTokens, the Token Sale, and the EchoLink System; 
 

(q) you bear the sole responsibility to determine what tax implications a purchase of             
EchoLinkTokens may have for you and agree not to hold the Foundation or any other person                
involved in the Token Sale liable for any tax liability associated with or arising therefrom; 
 

(r) you agree and acknowledge that the Foundation is not liable for any direct, indirect, special,               
incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including              
but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or                    
in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by                
you;  
 

(s) you waive the right to participate in a class action lawsuit or a class wide arbitration against                 
the Foundation and/or any person involved in the Token Sale and/or with the creation and               
distribution of EchoLinkTokens; and 
 

(t) all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and            
non-misleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this             
Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be). 

 
CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place               
accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by the Foundation or its directors,                 
executive officers or employees acting on behalf of the Foundation (as the case may be), that are not                  
statements of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking statements”. Some of these statements can            
be identified by forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”,            
“estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”, “project”, “should”, “would”,           
“will” or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying               
forward-looking statements. All statements regarding the Foundation’s business strategies, plans and           
prospects and the future prospects of the industry which the Foundation is in are forward-looking               
statements. These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements as to the             
Foundation’s prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed in             
this Whitepaper regarding the Foundation are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. 
 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors            
that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of the Foundation to be               
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or            
implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, amongst others: 

 

7 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 
(a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the             

regulatory environment in the countries in which the Foundation conducts its business and             
operations, including the [​∙​]; 
 

(b) the risk that the Foundation may be unable to execute or implement its business strategies               
and future plans; 
 

(c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; 
 

(d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of the Foundation             
and the EchoLink System network; 
 

(e) changes in the availability and fees payable to the Foundation in connection with its              
businesses and operations or in the EchoLink System network; 
 

(f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by the Foundation to               
operate their respective businesses and operations; 
 

(g) changes in preferences of users of the EchoLink System network; 
 

(h) changes in competitive conditions under which the Foundation operates, and the ability of the              
Foundation to compete under such conditions; 
 

(i) changes in the future capital needs of the Foundation and the availability of financing and               
capital to fund such needs; 
 

(j) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism; 
 

(k) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the             
businesses and/or operations of the Foundation; 
 

(l) other factors beyond the control of the Foundation; and 
 

(m) any risk and uncertainties associated with the Foundation and its business and operations,             
the EchoLinkTokens, the Token Sale, and the EchoLink System. 
 

All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to the Foundation or persons acting on behalf               
of the Foundation are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and                
uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of the             
Foundation to be materially different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking              
statements in this Whitepaper, undue reliance must not be placed on these statements. These              
forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper. 
 
Neither the Foundation nor any other person represents, warrants, and/or undertakes that the actual              
future results, performance or achievements of the Foundation will be as discussed in those              
forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or achievements of the Foundation may            
differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 
 
Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or                
undertaking as to the future performance or policies of the Foundation. 
 
Further, the Foundation disclaims any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking            
statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future             
developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events             
occur in the future. 
 

8 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS 
 
This Whitepaper includes information obtained from various third party sources (“​Third Party            
Information​”). None of the publishers of Third Party Information has consented to the inclusion of               
Third Party Information in this Whitepaper and is therefore not liable for Third Party Information. While                
the Foundation has taken reasonable action to ensure that Third Party Information have been              
included in their proper form and context, neither the Foundation, nor its directors, executive officers,               
and employees acting on its behalf, has independently verified the accuracy, reliability, completeness             
of the contents, or ascertained any applicable underlying assumption, of the relevant Third Party              
Information. Consequently, neither the Foundation nor its directors, executive officers and employees            
acting on their behalf makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy, reliability or               
completeness of such information and shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same. 
 
TERMS USED 
 
To facilitate a better understanding of the EchoLinkTokens being the subject of the sale conducted by                
the Foundation, and the businesses and operations of the Foundation, certain technical terms and              
abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have been used in this Whitepaper.               
These descriptions and assigned meanings should not be treated as being definitive of their meanings               
and may not correspond to standard industry meanings or usage. 
 
Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words               
importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and              
vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations. 
 
NO ADVICE 
 
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice                
regarding the Foundation, the EchoLinkTokens, the Token Sale, or the EchoLink System. You should              
consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser regarding the Foundation and its               
business and operations, the EchoLinkTokens, the Token Sale, and the EchoLink System. You             
should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of                 
EchoLinkTokens for an indefinite period of time. 
 
NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE 
 
No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained in this                 
Whitepaper in connection with the Foundation and its business and operations, the EchoLinkTokens,             
the Token Sale, or the EchoLink System, if given, such information or representation must not be                
relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the Foundation. The Token Sale shall not,                  
under any circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or            
implication that there has been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve a material               
change in the affairs, conditions and prospects of the Foundation or in any statement of fact or                 
information contained in this Whitepaper since the date hereof. 
 
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION 
 
The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted                
by the laws, regulatory requirements, and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction                
applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your                 
possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and                  
without liability to the Foundation. 
 
Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to                
or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons,                 
reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose              
whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur. 

9 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 
 
NO OFFER OF INVESTMENT OR REGISTRATION 
 
This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to                  
constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment                  
scheme or any other form of investment, or a solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction.                  
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or                 
other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper. 
 
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper.                 
No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any                  
jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the              
applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with. 
 
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 
 
Prospective purchasers of EchoLinkTokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and            
uncertainties associated with the Foundation and its business and operations, the EchoLinkTokens,            
the Token Sale, and the EchoLink System, all information set out in this Whitepaper and the Token                 
Sale Terms prior to any purchase of the EchoLinkTokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties                
develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of              
the Foundation could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of                  
the value of the EchoLinkTokens. Please refer to the section entitled “Risks and Disclosures” set out                
at the end of this Whitepaper. 
  

10 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 
List of Figures 
 
1 ECHOLink = Education + Career skills + Human capital + Opportunity; Link = Worldwide              

Network . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [••] 
2 Echo System Overview ​. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [••] 
3 P2P Encrypted Document Storage  ​. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [••] 
4 Digital Identity Mapping  ​. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [••] 
5 Off Chain Data Inputs Present More Information to End Users  ​. . . . . . . . . . . . . . [••] 
6 Echo Browser: Search and Get Vetted Candidates ​. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [••] 
 
 
  

11 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 

 
1. INFORMATION 
 

In an information society, education, skills, and work experience lead to better career             
opportunities for individuals. Businesses increasingly seek out candidates with the right level            
of education and real world job skills. The need for high quality employees creates              
tremendous opportunities for people with the right education background, skills, and job            
experiences. 

 
1.1. Global Education in the Age of Internet 
 

The education industry is being disrupted by the Internet. The global e-education market has              
been growing at a [compound annual growth rate] of around 7.2% over the next decade to                
reach approximately $325 billion by 2025.  
 
The size of the e-Learning market in the United States of America (the “​U.S.​”) was over USD                 
27 billion by 2016, owing to rising significance of these services across the region . There are                1

numerous other encouraging facts about the continuing growth and adoption in this sector. 
 
Easy accessibility along with improvised effectiveness due to animated learning is likely to             
positively impact the size of the e-learning market. In addition, an increasing number of              
internet users coupled with an escalating number of internet enabled mobile phones are             
anticipated to propel industry demand [for e-learning] over the several upcoming years.  
 
On top of academic education, the online corporate training market [in the U.S.] is expected to                
grow by 13% per year, with 77% of U.S. companies offering online training to improve the                
development of their ​employees​1​. ​The era of e-education is truly upon us. In addition to               
academic training, skill training related to specific job requirements is also in demand.  
 
 

1.2. Demand For Talent 
 
The economy of today is based on knowledge. As such, employers are increasingly looking              
for job candidates with a high level of skill. Be it language skills, IT skills, financial skills, or                  
other service skills, skilled labour is highly sought after by employers. 
 
Employers pay high amounts of referral bonuses or head hunting fees to acquire candidates              
with good skills. The recruiting industry generated USD 428 billion in revenue worldwide in              
2016 (approximately equivalent to EUR 386 billion), with the U.S., Japan and the United              
Kingdom making up a majority of the ​revenue . ​Online job sites, such as TaskRabbit, that               2

cater to employers seeking certain skill sets for specific jobs are experiencing explosive             
growth. Employers are increasingly looking for and paying for employees with specific skill             
sets. 
 
In today’s competitive global market, employers are willing to spend a high percentage of their               
revenue to find the right employee with the appropriate skill set(s). 
 
In the case of LinkedIn​: Q3 2016 revenue was USD 960 million with 17% generated (USD                
162 million) generated from premium account subscriptions, 18% (USD 175 million) from            
marketing solutions, and a staggering 65% (USD 623 million) from talent ​solutions .            3

1 LLP Accuracy Research. Global elearning market analysis trends industry forecast to 2025.            
https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/nv2b9g/global_elearning​, December 2016. 

2 Staffing Industry Analysts. Global staffing market achieves 428 billion in revenue.           
http://www2.staffingindustry.com/eng/About/Media-Center/Press-Releases/Global-Staffing-Market-Achie
ves-428-Billion-in-Revenue​, 2017. 

3 Salman Aslam. Linkedin by the numbers: Stats, demographics fun facts.          
https://www.omnicoreagency.com/linkedin-statistics/​, 2017. 

12 
 

https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/nv2b9g/global_elearning
http://www2.staffingindustry.com/eng/About/Media-Center/Press-Releases/Global-Staffing-Market-Achieves-428-Billion-in-Revenue
http://www2.staffingindustry.com/eng/About/Media-Center/Press-Releases/Global-Staffing-Market-Achieves-428-Billion-in-Revenue
https://www.omnicoreagency.com/linkedin-statistics/


EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 

According to LinkedIn, its talent solutions help corporate recruiters share, find, and engage             
the best talent. Corporate recruiter services provided by LinkedIn costs $9,000 per year per              
seat (user login). 
 
 

2. CURRENT ISSUES 
 
While demand for education and training has become global, academic and training            
institutions have nevertheless remained fragmented and isolated. Academic record         
verification and skill verification are cumbersome processes. In the U.S. and many other             
countries, there is no nationwide unified academic record system. 
 
When it comes to job skill certification, such as IT skill certification, the process is even more                 
fragmented. Degree certifications and grade reports can be altered, difficult to verify, or             
non-verifiable in many situations. Employers spend a significant amount of resources           
searching for candidates with the right skill set, and even more resources to check their               
references and verify their academic records and skill certifications. 
 
All these problems can be solved with an immutable and verifiable blockchain based system. 
 
In particular, the following areas are most affected by inaccuracies in education, skill, and              
employment history: 
 
(a) Degree Inflation 

 
Inaccurate or false education and degree information being listed on resumes in order             
to gain employment or attain a high position in an industry. In a high profile case in                 
2012, Scott Thompson left the employment of Yahoo! as its chief executive officer             
after it was uncovered that he had embellished his academic credentials, ending his             
term at the company after just 4 months.  
 

(b) Skill Inflation 
 
Certain specialised industries value and seek candidates with the right skill set. As a              
result, many applicants who apply for jobs in such industries will claim to have the               
requisite skills in their resumes. For example, as certain information technology skills            
become increasingly in demand, claims of applications possessing certain information          
technology certification in areas such as big data or artificial intelligence have            
become more common. It is entirely up to the employer to verify such claims. In               
situations where certification is provided by private organisations / academic          
institutions, verification of such academic credentials can be difficult. 

 
(c) Job Experience Inflation 

 
Inaccuracies in job experience stated in resumes are not limited to certain sectors,             
but are pervasive across industries. The following are some of the more well-known             
cases that took place in recent years :  4

 
(i) celebrity chef Robert Irvine lied about designing Price Charles and Princess           

Diana’s wedding cake ; 5

 

4 Business Insider. This is what happened to 10 executives who lied about their resumes.              
https://goo.gl/qqWq8f​.  

5 Shirl; Keeler Janet; Reiley Laura 17 February 2008 Montgomery, Ben; Kennedy. Tv chef spiced up his                
past exploits. St.PetersburgTimes, 2008. 

13 
 

https://goo.gl/qqWq8f


EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 

(ii) an Massachusetts Institute of Technology (“​MIT​”) dean never received any          
college degrees despite claiming to have a bachelor’s and a master’s           
degrees; 
 

(iii) Jeffrey Papows, president of IBM’s software maker Lotus Development,         
fibbed about his academic and military background; 
 

(iv) top Wall Street analyst lied about studying at MIT when he actually attended             
Boston University. At one time, Salomon Smith Barney’s Jack Grubman          
was Wall Street’s highest-paid analyst with a salary of $20 million per year; 
 

(v) former University of Notre Dame head coach lied about receiving a master’s            
degree and being a football legend in college when he never even played a              
game; 

 
(vi) top Norwegian bureaucrat lied about being a registered nurse and having 2            

degrees. She was sentenced to 14 months in prison; and 
 

(vii) Bausch & Lomb chief executive officer lied about his Masters in Business            
Administration (“​MBA​”). Ronald Zarrella had to forfeit his bonus of $1 million            
when it was revealed that he never received his MBA from New York             
University as claimed. He commenced study of the programme, but did not            
in fact complete it; 
 

(viii) former Harvard University student Adam Wheeler fabricated Scholastic        
Aptitude Test (SAT) scores, letters of recommendations, and transcripts to          
gain admission and received $40,000 in grants. Wheeler’s true academic          
credentials were revealed when he attempted to apply for the Rhodes and            
Fulbright scholarships in his senior year. 
 

(d) Cross Border Verification 
 
The global number of students who study abroad continues to rise with an annual              
increase of 10%. There were almost 5 million international students in 2014. The             
Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has projected         
that, with demographic changes, the international student population is likely to reach            
8 million by 2025 . 6

 
It is often difficult to ascertain information regarding degree or skill level certification             
across borders. It is also difficult to judge the quality of education for degree holders               
from abroad, with the exception of well-known universities. 
 

(e) HR Verification Omission 
 
According to a 2016 CareerBuilder survey, 75 percent of employers had indicated            
that they had hired the wrong person for a position, and of those who had had a bad                  
hire affect their business in the last year, resulted in costs of nearly $17,000 incurred               
on average . 7

 
Steven D. Levitt, the co-author of the book ​Freakonomics and an economics            
professor at the University of Chicago, cites research suggesting that more than 50%             

6 Suzanne Shaffer. 10 study abroad statistics for you and your student.           
http://www.parentscountdowntocollegecoach.com/2016/12/09/study-abroad-statistics/​,  December 2016. 

7 CareerBuilder. More than 1 in 4 employers do not conduct background checks of all new employees,                
according to careerbuilder survey.    
http://www.careerbuilder.com/share/aboutus/pressreleasesdetail.aspx?ed=12/31/2016&id=pr975&sd=11
/17/2016​, November 17, 2016. 

14 
 

http://www.parentscountdowntocollegecoach.com/2016/12/09/study-abroad-statistics/
http://www.careerbuilder.com/share/aboutus/pressreleasesdetail.aspx?ed=12/31/2016&id=pr975&sd=11/17/2016
http://www.careerbuilder.com/share/aboutus/pressreleasesdetail.aspx?ed=12/31/2016&id=pr975&sd=11/17/2016


EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 

of job applicants lie on their resumes. Cover letters are notorious for embellishment             
and exaggeration . 8

 
Though many employers are performing background checks, 75 percent of such           
employers have indicated that they had nevertheless hired the wrong person for the             
job. These employers say a bad hire has resulted in: 
 
(a) less productivity: 36 percent; 

 
(b) compromised quality of work: 33 percent; 

 
(c) lower employee morale: 31 percent; 

 
(d) lost time to recruit and train another worker: 30 percent; 

 
(e) cost to recruit and train another worker: 30 percent; and 

 
(f) employee’s managers or co-workers had to spend excessive time assisting          

bad hire: 29 ​percent​8​. 
 
Most importantly, the majority of employment related verification is done after the initial             
resume screening process or in-person interviews. Most pre-employment verification         
processes cost between $5 to 65 per process . Considerable time and effort are invested in               9

the initial resume screening and interview processes, and would be wasted should the             
verification process discover any negative indicators. A resume screening system that offers            
verified education, skill, and job history would be invaluable to recruiters and save businesses              
time and financial resources. It would allow recruiters to precisely find candidates with the              
desired education, skill, and job history / background before spending valuable time and effort              
to engage the candidates. 

 
 

3. OUR SOLUTION - ECHOLINK 
 
EchoLink is a blockchain network that connects students, education, and training institutions            
and industry participants. EchoLink is a blockchain based system of verified education, skill,             
and career information for individuals. The system, EchoLink, stores professional career           
related information in a hashed and unalterable format on public blockchains. All information             
is provided by trusted information authorities. 
 
For students​, EchoLink stores student grades, degrees, and certificates in a protected and             
verifiable blockchain system. It provides student records to potential employers and higher            
learning institutions in a trusted manner. 
 
For academic and training institutions​, EchoLink provides them with the resources           
required to handle (provide and receive) degree and certificate verification. 
 
For businesses​, EchoLink provides a trusted source of candidate information that is not             
alterable. Academic records and skill certificates are associated with job candidates in a             
trusted way as they are supplied by the academic and training institutions directly, and are               
immutable. 
 
 

8 Susan M. Heathfield. Do you know who you’re hiring?         
https://www.thebalance.com/do-you-know-who-you-re-hiring-1919148​, October 13, 2016. 

9 Ryan Howard. Cost of a background check: How much should you pay?            
http://blog.verifirst.com/blog/bid/305407/cost-of-a-background-check-how-much-should-you-pay​, June 2,   
2017. 

15 
 

https://www.thebalance.com/do-you-know-who-you-re-hiring-1919148
http://blog.verifirst.com/blog/bid/305407/cost-of-a-background-check-how-much-should-you-pay


EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 

 
 

3.1. Advantages of Blockchain 
 
Traditionally, any kind of credential verification has depended on the issuing institution or             
other trusted authority to confirm the authenticity of a credential. This is a time consuming and                
costly process. If the issuing organisation has ceased to exist, records are lost and              
unverifiable. The blockchain provides a more robust solution in the form of a distributed              
network of recorded ledger. A blockchain cannot be easily altered or taken down, removes              
single points of failure, and ensures that records can be verified without any organisational              
dependency. 
 
The blockchain logs transactions between parties, and can be used to verify: 

 
(a) existence of a record; 

 
(b) that a record has not been altered since its issuance; 
 
(c) the identity of the issuing institution; 

 
(d) ownership of the record; and 

 
(e) that the record has not expired or been revoked. 
 
This is all done on a distributed and public system. All amendments and alterations of the                
record are also recorded in the distributed ledger, which provides a chain of evidence on the                
record as well. 
 
Once a record, in the form of a smart contract on the blockchain, has been cryptographically                
created and recorded on the blockchain, it cannot be altered or spoofed. Any person              
attempting to impersonate an issuing institution will not be able to execute the smart contract.               
Decentralized key registries map keys and institutions across different industries. 
  

3.2. Economic Incentives 
 
The EchoLink System operates on public blockchains, which greatly reduces the cost of             
operating a similar system in a traditional web environment. 
 
In the case of the Ethereum platform, with a properly written smart contract, the cost of                
execution is fixed at 21,000 gas. Given that the speed of transaction confirmation is not the                
most critical factor in the context hereto, the smart contract may be confirmed at a slower                
pace. When confirmation of transaction is done at around 60 seconds, the cost is at around                
USD 0.003 per record creation. For a sizable university, such as University of California,              
Berkeley, with a graduating class of approximately 10,000 students, the cost of creating digital              
proofs of graduation for the entire class year is approximately USD 30 per year. 
 
In the case of the NEO public blockchain, with an allocation of 10 free gas per smart contract,                  
the EchoLink System essentially runs free of charge in most situations. This greatly reduces              
the cost of maintaining the system. The economic benefits are shared with all the participants               
of the system.  
 
For businesses in particular, our system reduces the cost of verification, which directly             
translates into a reduction in cost of hiring. 
 
For academic and training institutions​, our system removes the burden of maintaining a             
verification system, which in most cases requires personnel and IT equipment. This amounts             
to savings to operational costs. In addition, our system passes a portion of the fees paid by                 

16 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 

businesses to issuing organisations. This creates a positive economic incentive for issuing            
organisations. 
 
For students​, our system makes their credentials credible. Potential employers put greater            
trusted in verified education, skill, and work experience. Our system injects a higher degree of               
seriousness in employer queries, and provides students greater exposure in the job market. 
 
 

4. TECHNICAL IMPLEMENTATION 
 
Overview​: ​The EchoLink System consists of four major components, and offers           
heterogeneous and multiple blockchain support: 
 
(a) Digital Identity and Mapping System – translates digital identity to real world names             

and well known institutions; 
 

(b) On-chain Credential Creation System – supports batch creation and storage of           
credentials; 
 

(c) Off-chain Data I/O System – external data input and output from web, database,             
feeds, etc.; and 
 

(d) Multi-chain Data Browser for End User – intuitive interface to credential created and             
stored on a number of heterogeneous blockchains, such as Ethereum, AntShares,           
Metaverse, etc. 

 
Identities of students and organisations in the EchoLink System are recorded on the             
blockchain in the form of public encryption keys. Certificate / degree info are created and               
stored onto the blockchain by issuing organisations directly. Certificate / degree information            
includes the digital identity of the corresponding student. 
 
All information is stored on blockchain in an encrypted format. Through the EchoLink browser,              
users may find candidates matching certain attributes based on recorded certificate / degree             
information. Query results will be resolved by the naming service into a user-friendly readable              
format. Results are presented to the end user by the EchoLink browser. 
 

 
 

Figure 2: Echo System Overview 

17 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 

 
It is envisaged that all certificate / degree information will be entered into the system by the                 
relevant issuing organisations, which lends to the credibility and integrity of the certificate /              
degree information. 
 
Note​: [Reference implementation] on Ethereum. The Echo system supports NEO, Dash,           
IOTA, and other blockchains.  
 

4.1. Digital Identity and Credential Creation 
 
The EchoLink System utilises publics key (for example, Ethereum addresses) to identify            
entities in the EchoLink System. Each student is intended to hold a public key in the system.                 
Each issuing organisation will also have a public key (in other words, account) in the               
EchoLink System. 
 
Credentials creation involves the issuing organisation executing a smart contract that binds            
the issuer (for example, the academic institution) to the recipient (for example, the student)              
along with the corresponding credentials information. The smart contract acts as a proof of              
existence of the credentials on blockchain. Since the smart contract is executed by the issuer,               
we can be certain of the authority of such a credential. 
 

4.1.1. Digital Identity 
 
Digital identities of the participants of the system are stored in the blockchain in the form of                 
public keys. Students and known issuers will have a set of public keys that are recognised by                 
the community. The public keys are used in the creation of credentials in the EchoLink               
System. 
 
The EchoLink System provides a convenient way of mapping public keys to students, known              
issuers, and their accreditation. Business organisations pay a fee in the form of EchoLink              
token to access the mapping information of real world identities and public keys in the               
EchoLink System.  
 

4.1.2. Credential Creation 
 
Issuing entities create credentials by executing smart contracts that set the status of the state               
of the smart contract. In the case of Ethereum, smart contracts with state information are               
time-stamped and stored in the blockchain. This mechanism creates an immutable proof of             
existence. 
 
Issuing entities may include the recipient’s public key address, degree information, or even             
hashed value of photographs and paper degree files into the blockchain. Even though the              
blockchain can be downloaded into a node and scanned, the information contained in the              
EchoLink System smart contract are only utilisable after resolution from the identity mapping             
service of the EchoLink System. The state information (in other words, credential details) is              
presented in user-friendly readable format through the EchoLink browser. 
 
P2P encrypted document storage is utilised to store image and binary information            
associated with a certain credential. Once called upon, images and other binary files can be               
accessed by the EchoLink browser, thus providing the end user with a rich media experience               
accustomed to business users. 
 

18 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 

 
 

Figure 3: P2P Encrypted Document Storage 
 
One method of implementing such off chain data feed is through InterPlanetary File System              
(“​IPFS​”) Images or files in portable document format (PDF) associated with the recipient are              
stored on IPFS. Hashed addresses of such documents are used in the smart contract that               
generates the credentials, thus linking additional documents to the credential. 
 

4.1.3. Digital Identity Mapping System 
 
As stated above, digital identities of the participants of the EchoLink System are stored in the                
blockchain in the form of public keys. Since the EchoLink System is a system that is intended                 
to provide trustworthy credentials, anonymity is not a requirement for the users of the              
EchoLink System. On the contrary, participants of the EchoLink System should make their             
identities known in order to respond to system queries. 
 
The EchoLink System provides a mapping service to map public keys to identities of students               
and organisations. This mapping service is related to the EchoLink browser to the end users,               
and is transparent to the end user. Only during the presentation of query results submitted by                
the end user, would the mapping service resolve the identities of the public keys and present                
human-readable information to the end user. 
 

 
 

Figure 4: Digital Identity Mapping 
 

4.2. Off Chain Data Sources 
 
In the EchoLink System, only digital identities of the issuing entity and the recipient are               
required to constitute a verified credential on the blockchain. In reality, more information may              
be provided in order for the credential to be useful the user, providing more insight. 
 

19 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 

Besides digital identities, other important information regarding a person’s credentials include           
academic records, course work transcripts, detailed degree information, and skill certification           
information. This information will be accessible to queries through “oracles” (in other words,             
off chain data sources). 
 

 
Figure 5: Off Chain Data Inputs Present More Information to End Users 

 
Furthermore, through dedicated oracle services, more information sources, such as web           
services, may be linked to the smart contract. 
 

4.3. Dynamic Blockchain Browser 
 
The primary end users of the EchoLink System are primarily intended to be business              
organisations and recruiters. A user friendly blockchain browser would be essential to            
business users. 
 

 
 

Figure 6: Echo Browser: Search and Get Vetted Candidates 
 
Ideally, the EchoLink browser would combine functionality of both a blockchain explorer and             
an EchoLink wallet. Business users search candidates through the blockchain functionality           
and pay fees through the wallet functionality, all in the same browser application. 
 
 

4.4. Multi-Blockchain Support 
 
It is envisaged that EchoLink System users will span the globe. The EchoLink System is               
intended to serve students from various countries studying abroad. Businesses recruiting           
internally may also use our system to find the best talent worldwide. The EchoLink System               
will eventually need to provide support for data stored on different blockchains operating on              
different technology platform and countries. 
 

20 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 

The EchoLink System operates through smart contracts for credential creation on various            
blockchains. Blockchain platforms that offer support for smart contracts with Turin-complete           
virtual machines can be used as the underlying blockchain layer for the EchoLink System. (for               
example, Ethereum, NEO, and Dash). Although not necessary, blockchains that offer oracle            
access to off chain data would be more compatible with EchoLink premium features, such as               
graphical credential certificates. 
 
The mechanism to establish multi-blockchain support is through the EchoLink browser. It is             
the end user interface for smart contracts to multiple back-end blockchains. The nature of the               
supported blockchain can be a public ledger, alliance ledger, or even private ledgers. The              
EchoLink browser provides a readable and user friendly interface to multiple blockchains. 
 
 

5. ECONOMIC MODEL 
 
As indicated earlier in the paper, large amounts of financial resources and personnel are              
spent on acquiring talent by businesses around the world. On average, each user of              
LinkedIn’s corporate recruiter service pays $9,000 per year. LinkedIn generated a staggering            
$623 million from such solutions in Q3 of 2016 alone. The need to find the right job candidate                  
is the fundamental economic driver of the EchoLink System. 
 
The fees paid by business users contribute to the health of the EchoLink System. A portion of                 
the fees are distributed to education and training organisations as incentives to provide             
verified information. A portion of the fees also contribute to the actual upkeep of the EchoLink                
System. 
  

5.1. Token on EchoLink System – EchoLinkToken 
 
The EchoLink System provides an exchange medium to pay fees between users and other              
participants of the system in the form of the EchoLinkToken (symbol: EKO). With support for               
heterogeneous back-end blockchain data sources in the EchoLink System, a common           
exchange medium is needed. The EchoLink smart contract and multi-blockchain browser           
have built-in support for the EchoLinkToken across different blockchain systems. Therefore,           
data providers from public blockchains, alliance blockchains, and even private blockchain           
would be easily rewarded with EchoLinkTokens. 
 
An even more important use of the EchoLinkToken is to establish an international education              
reputation and skill level market place. With the EchoLinkToken as the common method of              
value exchange in the EchoLink System, quality of education in different countries,            
institutions, and disciplines can be measured by a common and consistent token. 
 
 

6. CONCLUSION 
 
The EchoLink System is a user focused blockchain application system, and is designed from              
a user perspective. The EchoLink System supports multiple blockchain platforms across           
countries. It addresses an acute business need, namely identifying great talent with verified             
credentials at a reduced cost. The EchoLink System is driven by real-world economic needs              
and is built on top of a sound economic model. 
 
Furthermore, The EchoLink System breaks down barriers between education systems,          
credential verification systems, and value systems to bring out a truly trusted and worldwide              
talent market. 
 

6.1. Future Work 
 
We plan to further strengthen the EchoLink System by focusing on the following areas: 

21 
 



EchoLink - Blockchain Based Professional Networking and Recruiting Platform Chen 
 

 
(a) next generation of end user access and interaction: both mobile and desktop; 

 
(b) more industries support in addition to talent and education; and 

 
(c) education credential valuation market based on EchoLink System users voting. 

 
In addition to improvements to the EchoLink System, the same design principle can be              
utilised to create blockchain based notary, transaction, and proof of existence system for             
other industries. 
 

6.2. Acknowledgements 
 
We would like to acknowledge several industry veterans for advising our project. 
 

6.3. Whitepaper Versions 
 
Echo v. 1.0 – April 2017, initial release 
 
Echo v. 1.1 – July 2017, first updated draft 
 
Echo v. 1.2 – October 2017, second updated draft Echo v. 1.3 – November 2017, third                
updated draft 
 
 

6.4. Code Base 
 
Codebase: https://github.com/EchoLinkTech/EchoLink 
 

 
 

22 
 


