













































Сomputer vision surveillance  
technology powered by fog  
network of miners

© 2018 Faceter

Version 1.18 (04.02.2018)

Whitepaper

https://faceter.io/


Table of contents

Executive summary

Faceter’s background 

Market 
Overview and trends in the video surveillance market

Competitive environment analysis

Current problems in the field of video  
surveillance 

Faceter’s solution
System description

Competitive advantages 

Application areas

Future development

Faceter technologies 
Data processing

Faceter decentralized network 

Personal data protection 

Faceter token use model 

Business model

Roadmap

Token Sale
Token distribution

Buy-out program

Scenarios for the use of raised funds

Our team

References 

Disclaimer

1.

2.

3.
3.1

3.2

4. 
 

5.
5.1

5.2

5.3

5.4

6.
6.1

6.2

6.3

6.4

7.

8.

9.
9.1

9.2

9.3

10.

11. 

12.

03

05

09

10

15

17 
 

19

20

21

23

24

26

27

28

29

30

33 

35

37

38

39

39  

41

45

47

Faceter Whitepaper 02



Executive summary

Faceter Whitepaper 03

Vision & Mission

1.



Executive summary

Video surveillance systems are currently the most efficient technical tool to ensure 
public safety by the means of recording facts and controlling the situation at any site. 
The global increase in crime, terrorist attacks and, most especially, public concern 
about safety are the factors that promote the development of the global video 
surveillance market. According to Markets&Markets, the industry’s turnover reached 
$30.37 billion in 2016. The growth rate is seemingly unabated, as the industry is 
expected to reach $75.64 billion in turnover by 2022. 

Faceter Whitepaper

1. 

2016
$30.37 Bn

2022
$75.64 Bn

CAGR 16.43%

The volume of the video surveillance market
Source: Markets&Markets

The problem is something similar – most video surveillance systems are of little 
use, and therefore inherently inefficient, since it is only possible to record data via 
videos, and store video archives. They are therefore backward-looking and dumb in 
that they cannot, and are completely unable to react to a situation when it is actually 
happening in real time.

Computer vision technologies are expensive to develop and require the 
additional expense of requiring substantial computing resources to run. Only 
a few very expensive B2B solutions have computer vision and video content 
analysis implemented as a part of their technology stack. As a consequence, their 
technologies are still very early-stage compared to the possibilities offered by the 
vast potential of neural networks. There are currently no products to analyze video 
streams by means of objects, faces or event recognition that are remotely affordable 
to consumers.

Faceter is the first decentralized surveillance system for consumers. Faceter makes 
video surveillance smart, giving brains to cameras  through enhanced face detection, 
object detection and real-time video analysis. These features allow cameras to 
understand the situation and respond to it, offering much better security to all the 
customers.

Computer vision technology on the blockchain powered by a decentralized network 
of miners makes the product affordable for all-sized businesses and mass market 
consumers. The benefit from a mining perspective is that a contribution of  miner's 
resources to Faceter is twice as profitable as the mining of Ether on the same Graphic 
Processing Units (GPU’s)*. At Faceter’s technological core is the absolute respect for 
privacy, and the utilization of the features of convolutional neural networks to split 
the tasks reinforces this commitment. As a result, sensitive data is always processed 
in a completely trusted environment, and all images not subject to recovery are 
passed to the decentralized network. This amounts up to 80% of the total amount of 
calculations performed.

Faceter plans to fill this niche by offering a product with broad functionality and an 
affordable price to mass consumers, such as small businesses and ordinary people.

* Compared to estimated profit from mining Ether with two NVIDIA Tesla M60 graphics  
cards (2x16Mh/s).

04



Faceter’s background

Faceter Whitepaper 05

From Idea To Product

2.



Faceter’s background

One of the project’s founders – Robert Pothier – came up with an idea of   creating 
Faceter after realizing that video surveillance systems, which are supposed to 
ensure security, do not actually work. At the same time, current crime rates in South 
Africa, where Robert lives, create a strong demand for security systems from large 
companies, individuals and small businesses. Large enterprises can afford to buy 
and maintain expensive modern video surveillance systems powered by intelligent 
software, whereas individual users and small businesses are deprived of this 
opportunity.

Robert envisaged great potential that would come from creating a smart video 
surveillance product at an affordable price which anyone could use. Thus, the idea  
of   Faceter was born. The product was based on the experience acquired by Robert 
and his development team in their previous project: Pay.Cards. It is an open library 
for the recognition of information from bank cards created under the supervision of 
Vladimir Chernitsky as a CTO. The project has been very successful with the library 
having been downloaded more than 25,000 times, and Pay.Cards technologies have 
been applied in a variety of commercial areas around the world.

Vladimir Chernitsky supported the idea of   creating an intelligent system for video 
surveillance and accepted the offer to become Faceter’s co-founder and CTO. In this 
role, he applies his twenty years’ experience in creating high-tech software products 
and his four years’ experience in research and development of neural networks 
capabilities to recognize visual information.

As a professional with international business management experience, Robert 
assumed the role of CEO. The project received investments from a business angel  
to the amount of $1.2 million. Within one year, the project team created the first beta 
version of the product and launched several pilot projects with various companies  
in South Africa in order to test Faceter technologies, including an industrial 
enterprise, a casino network, a network of pizzerias, and one of the largest banks  
in the country.

Faceter Whitepaper 06

2. 



Faceter’s background

Vladimir Chernitsky joined the team that was working to create a solution for scanning 
bank cards using computer vision. By that time, he had already been engaged in 
research and development in the field of computer vision and artificial intelligence 
(deep learning) for one year. The team tested all marketable products available on 
the market and found out that none of the open source libraries available at the 
time made it possible to create a simple and efficient bank card scanner. Under the 
supervision of the new CTO, the team developed a plan to create its own product.

The team launches its first successful product in the field 
of computer vision: Pay.Cards. An open source library 
for iOS and Android platforms allows users to embed a 
bank card scanner into mobile applications. The scanner 
is capable of recognizing not only the card number, 
but also the validity period and the card holder’s name. 
According to the test results, the product is recognized 
as one of the best on the market and outperforms such 
competitors as cards.io and Apple Pay.

An idea is born to apply the team’s accumulated experience to achieve a bigger 
goal: to create a public security system powered by face and object recognition 
technology. The team starts working on the project called "scanface".

The team develops and tests a variety of neural network training algorithms and 
achieves high accuracy of face recognition. These developments form the basis of 
a product called Scanface (scanface.io). The created algorithms demonstrate high 
results in Megaface and LFW tests.

2014

2015 (Q1-Q2)

2015 (Q3-Q4)

2016

2017

Faceter Whitepaper 07

2. 

Download the library  
on Pay.Cards website
pay.cards

Source code 
github.com

Faceter’s Milestones

The first pilot projects to test the product in real conditions in South Africa are 
launched. Representatives of these companies are satisfied with the test results and 
are ready to sign contracts to use the product for commercial purposes. The team 
is full of enthusiasm to   make face detection and video stream analysis algorithms 
available to mass users.

https://pay.cards/
http://scanface.io/
http://megaface.cs.washington.edu/
http://vis-www.cs.umass.edu/lfw/
https://pay.cards/pages/sdk.html
https://pay.cards/pages/sdk.html
https://github.com/faceterteam/PayCards-IOS-framework


Scanface project has been renamed to Faceter. The team develops a plan to create 
a cloud service on the basis of available technologies which would be affordable for 
regular users and small business. To achieve this purpose, the company plans to use 
decentralized distributed computing technologies (fog computing), which allows for 
a significant reduction in infrastructure and product costs.

The team decides to run a crowdfunding campaign to attract investments in order to 
create a Faceter version for mass consumers.

The Faceter project team is driven by its experience of working together on related 
projects and the belief that technologies for organizing public and personal security 
using video surveillance will become more intelligent by 2030. Video stream 
processed by computer vision will cover up to 70% of public spaces in developed 
countries and up to 50% in developing countries, which will help reduce crime rates 
and facilitate crime detection.

2017

Faceter’s background

Faceter Whitepaper 10

2. 

Faceter is an advanced intelligent software for 
videostream analysis and facial recognition for 
business,government and consumers, developed 
to significantly reduce crime in society.

Faceter Whitepaper 08

Robert Pothier
CEO, Сo-founder



Market

Faceter Whitepaper 09

Demand For AI-Surveillance

3.



Market

Overview and trends in the video surveillance 
market
CCTV (Closed Circuit Television) is currently the most effective technical security 
tool that allows its users to quickly record any actions. Thanks to the development 
of computer vision technologies, the capabilities of such systems have significantly 
expanded.

Over the last five years, the surveillance market volume (hardware, software and 
services) has demonstrated an annual growth of 15.4% and, according to Markets 
& Markets, is projected to reach $75 billion by 2022. High crime growth rates, an 
increase in the number of terrorist attacks, and people’s concern over security are the 
main factors stimulating the development of the video surveillance market around the 
world. 

Modern video surveillance software allows devices to automatically perform a variety 
of tasks in an automatic mode without human intervention – from simple motion 
detection and counting the number of people and cars to compiling databases of 
people and vehicle numbers.

Twenty years ago, people started installing video cameras in public places in large 
cities. Today it is an indispensable element of security systems, both in private and 
public areas. It is one of the components of intelligent transport systems and an 
indispensable element of smart cities’ infrastructure, which is one of the fastest 
growing markets.

Faceter Whitepaper 10

3.1

3. 

Video surveillance for "smart cities"

Size of the global video surveillance  
market from 2009 to 2019, by region  
(in billion U.S. dollars)
Source: Statista, 2017 

EMEA
APAC ex-China
China
South America
North America

2009

17.7

21.8

27.5

34.2

42.6

52.6

2011 2013 2015 2017 2019

7.3

1.8
2.3

3.1
4

5.3 6.8

3.9

5.9

8.7

12.5

17.4

23.4

1.2

1.7

2.3

3.1

4

5.1

2.9

3.1

3.4

3.7

4.2

5

8.8
10

10.9
11.7

12.3

CAGR
24.3%

125

https://www.statista.com/statistics/484857/video-surveillance-market-size-worldwide-by-region/


Market

In smart cities, CCTV is used to record violations of traffic rules, to control the 
operation of municipal services, to restrict access to closed areas, as well as in 
parking and toll payment systems on high-speed roads.

In 2016, in developed countries, there were about 200 CCTV cameras per 1,000 
residents of large cities.

The global Smart cities market
Source: Research and Markets, July, 2017 

Faceter Whitepaper 11

2016
$773.19 Bn

2025
$3651.49 Bn

CAGR 19.08%

3. 

Video surveillance systems for small businesses and individual 
users
The number of cameras installed in private homes, shops, restaurants, gas stations, 
and offices is growing every year and so is the demand for more advanced 
solutions. However, modern software for "smart" video surveillance is currently not 
available to individuals and small businesses because of high costs and a lack of 
development focused on this particular target audience.

According to the forecast of Market Research Future, the global market of home 
CCTV cameras will grow by 11% per year from 2017 to 2023 and during this period 
may reach $8 billion or 10.7% of the entire video surveillance systems market.

The global home security camera market
Source: Market Research Future, August, 2017

2017
$4.27 Bn

2023
$8 Bn

CAGR 11%

In 2014, the IHS company completed a ten-year study which revealed that around 
245 million professional CCTV cameras are used around the world. Also, an analysis 
was made regarding the types of cameras used. The results showed that 20% of the 
installed equipment was represented by network cameras, and only 2% of equipment 
used was new digital CCTV cameras transmitting high-definition images. All other 
devices used were analog video cameras.

According to Allied Market Research, analog cameras, which began to be installed 
in developed countries about 20 years ago, are now being replaced by digital ones 
powered by IP. The market volume of such devices is projected to increase by almost 
20% per year despite the fact that their cost is constantly decreasing.

Transition to IP-based surveillance systems

https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/home-security-camera-market-3787
https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/IP-video-surveillance-VSaaS-market


Faceter Whitepaper 12

Market3. 

IP-based video surveillance technologies have revolutionized the industry offering 
a higher level of flexibility and scalability compared to older-generation video 
surveillance systems. IP cameras allow their users to use innovative technologies for 
video stream analysis. According to experts from leading international companies, 
such as Accenture, IHS Markit, PwC (data-driven city concept)  and some others, the 
demand for intelligent video surveillance systems capable of analyzing video streams 
in real-time mode has grown significantly in recent years and will continue to grow.

IP video surveillance and VSaaS market forecast
Source: Allied Market Research

2016
$21.8 Bn

2022
$61.3 Bn

CAGR 18.8%

The latest developments in the field of machine vision caused video surveillance 
systems to reach a new level. Technologies powered by neural networks and artificial 
intelligence elements allow their users to recognize faces in video streams in real-time 
mode.

According to the forecast of Allied Market Research, one of the most important 
factors affecting the global market for facial recognition systems is the growing 
demand for "smart" software for video surveillance systems.

Top factors impacting the world facial  
recognition software market  (2015 vs 2022)
Source: Allied Market Research

1

2

35

4

High demand for face recognition software

https://www.accenture.com/t20150523T055755__w__/us-en/_acnmedia/Accenture/Conversion-Assets/DotCom/Documents/Global/PDF/Technology_2/Accenture-Video-Analytics-Operational-Marketing-and-Security-Insights-from-CCTV.pdf
https://technology.ihs.com/api/binary/572252
https://www.slideshare.net/FilippPaster/pwc-data-driven-cities-2016
https://www.slideshare.net/FilippPaster/pwc-data-driven-cities-2016
https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/facial-recognition-market?facial-recognition-market


Market

Faceter Whitepaper 13

3. 

2

1

3

4

5

Rising demand for surveillance systems for enhancing safety and security
The major driving factor of the market was the increasing demand for advanced 
security & surveillance systems in civil and government agencies to enhance safety 
and security. Burgeoning data breach cases and brute force attacks have increased 
the demand for advanced surveillance systems, which in turn has increased the 
demand for facial recognition solutions.

Increasing application in physical security and intelligent signage
The significant increase in incidence of terrorist attacks on government organizations 
and the commercial sector in the recent years drives the companies and governments 
to implement robust physical security strategies. Moreover, this technology is 
expected to witness high adoption in intelligent signage application on account of 
rising concerns of security and use of marketing strategies to analyze the customers 
based on their age, gender, and other facial attributes. Over a period, physical 
security and intelligent signage are expected to fuel the demand of facial recognition 
technology.

Technology advancements such as cloud-based services and 3D-based recognition 
systems
Technological advancements are likely to reduce the prices of facial recognition 
systems in the future. Software development kit (SDK) technology has improved the 
accuracy in terms of recognizing facial features. Therefore, the improved quality of 
products enhances awareness amongst users, which in turn is expected to increase 
adoption of facial recognition biometrics in the future.

Increasing application in mobile security and drones
Increasing demand of facial recognition in smart devices, such as smartphones, 
laptops, tablets, and personal digital assistants, which are used for both personal and 
business purposes, presents various growth opportunities for the facial recognition 
market. Moreover, burgeoning number of drones in various commercial sectors, 
such as media & entertainment, inspection, and surveying, contributes to the 
rising demand of facial recognition. For instance, as per the Federation Aviation 
Administrator (FAA), around 30,000 drones are expected to be introduced by 2020. 
Therefore, these factors are expected to provide immense opportunity for the growth 
of facial recognition technology.

Lack of accuracy and high implementation cost of facial recognition technology 
Currently, high implementation costs and low accuracy of the technology negatively 
affect the growth of the market. Costs such as maintenance and middleware costs 
also contribute to the implementation cost. However, few manufacturers, such as 
FaceFirst, Inc., have started using efficient algorithms, such as PCA, FFT, to improve 
accuracy and reduce the cost of facial recognition technology. Therefore, with the 
development in technology, lack of accuracy and high implementation cost of facial 
recognition technology are likely to reduce their impact during the forecast period.



Faceter Whitepaper 14

Market3. 

Last year, Gartner analysts placed 
Face Recognition technology on the 
Hype Cycle Curve Human-Machine 
Interface curve in the “Into the 
Trough” area, which means a decline 
in market expectations.

This year, Face Recognition is 
Climbing the Slope. This means that 
within the next 2-3 years there will 
be an upsurge of interest from users, 
which will lead to the "plateau" stage 
– the maturity of demand and clarity 
regarding the advantages of this type 
of technologies.

Gartner Hype Cycle Curve
Source: Gartner

Time

Ex
pe

ct
at

io
ns

Into the Trough

Climbing the Slope

Facial recognition global market forecast, USD, bn
Source: Allied Market Research

2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022

CAGR3.0
3.7

4.4
5.4

6.5
7.9

9.6

21.3%

The highest potential for applying FR technology is in the niche related to providing 
security in crowded places. However, current technologies are not capable of 
providing the necessary functionality and performance.

Application areas Features Potential Notes

Security market Automation of 
checkpoints, enterprise 
internal security systems 

High Technology requirements are low; the average 
check is moderate. Big market players cannot 
cope with a large number of small orders.

Retail Marketing needs: selection 
of the most relevant 
products for customers

Medium There is no significant urgency. Due to 
high prices, FR is often replaced by other 
authentication methods. Technology 
requirements are low.

Public security market Identifying people in 
crowds and public places 

High High relevance and high demand, especially by 
law enforcement forces. However, an unattainable 
level of technology is required.

Banking Systems for employee 
monitoring and customer 
recognition in banks

Low The key player is Vision Labs which developed 
its product taking into account the segment’s 
requirements. Also, the company has some large 
banks among its customers.

Social networks Services for people search 
by photo, face recognition 
in photo and video

Low Low solvency among the population. The key 
player is the Ntech company whose experience 
has not been really successful.

https://www.gartner.com/doc/3368017/hype-cycle-humanmachine-interface-&sa=D&ust=1506912378029000&usg=AFQjCNHKHf3fYd1xBYoSUOF3r4puGAw81w
https://www.gartner.com/doc/3764163?ref=unauthreader&srcId=1-4730952011
https://www.gartner.com/doc/3764163?ref=unauthreader&srcId=1-4730952011
http://hospitalitytechnology.edgl.com/news/Facial-Recognition-Market-Expected-to-Reach-$9-6-Billion-Worldwide-by-2022106020


Market

Most of the largest technology companies have recently hired at least one team 
which specialises in developing solutions in the field of facial recognition. Many 
companies develop these technologies on their own.

Faceter Whitepaper 15

3. 

Competitive environment analysis3.2

Number of acquisitions of AI-startups made by big players

Buyer Who was  
purchased

Startup activity area Deal price Purchase scope

Facebook MSQRD Modifying videos containing faces  
in a real-time mode

$2—3M Technology+team

FacioMetrics Emotion recognition of the face N/A N/A

Face.com Face recognition $55—60M Technology+team

Apple Emotient Emotion recognition of the face N/A Technology+team

Polar Rose Face recognition $29M Technology+team

Faceshift Creating animated avatars N/A Unknown

RealFace Face recognition $2M Technology+team

Google Viewdle Face recognition $30—45M Technology+team

PittPatt Face recognition N/A N/A

Never Vision Face recognition by photo N/A Technology+team

Snapchat Looksery Modifying videos containing faces  
in a real-time mode 

$150M Technology+team

Amazon Orbeus Face recognition by photo N/A Technology+team

Stylecaster Daily Makeover Applying makeup in photos $2M Technology+team

Kairos IMRSV Face and emotion recognition $2.7M Technology+team

Intel Itseez Developer: OpenCV (library  
of computer vision algorithms)

N/A N/A

IBM Alchemy Natural language processing  
and face recognition

N/A Product and community 
(40,000 client 
developers)

4 3 3 1 1 1

In addition to the major market players, there are several dozens of start-ups, which 
have received, according to various estimates, from 1.5 to $300 million in the form 
of venture investments. Most of these start-ups focus on a specific industry and are 
guided by specific requirements of B2B customers. The examples include NTechLab, 
Vocord, Visionlabs and some others. None of these solutions has full functionality for 
face recognition and video stream analysis. Also, products for the mass consumer are 
completely absent.



Company Activity Investments

Affectiva Emotion recognition in video $34.2M

Betaface Media platform using face recognition technologies for searching and monetizing 
multimedia content. The platform is designed for news and entertainment media 
projects, advertising agencies, content producers, television and radio industry, video 
and photo archives, etc.

N/A

Face++ Computer vision technology of the latest generation consisting of 3 main blocks (image 
identification, pattern recognition and analysis). The proprietary SDK allows third-party 
developers to implement the technology in their own websites, mobile applications, 
Smart TV, etc.

$148M

Hyperlayer The recognition of people's faces in the streets in real-time mode and the provision of 
their history (criminal, credit, etc.) – a technology for new-generation mobile devices 
(glasses, helmets, etc.)

N/A

Identix Multi-functional equipment for biometric recognition of people (fingerprint, face, palm, 
retina) to protect the public from terrorism, criminal threats and fraud.

$18.8M

Kairos Cloud access to recognition algorithms: Face Recognition API, Crowd Analytics SDK and 
Emotion Analysis API.

$3.65M

KeyLemon Face and voice recognition to improve the interaction between computers and people. $1.5M

ResolutionView A tool analyzing time spent by employees at their computers and comparing that 
information to the number of hours reflected in report cards to monitor employees and 
minimize lawsuits for "overtime work".

N/A

Shenxing Tech Chinese startup in the field of facial recognition and artificial intelligence. $14M

Tascent Development of high-precision products and technologies in the field of biometric 
recognition.

$18.5M

Uniqul A payment system based on face recognition. The system allows its users to pay for 
goods with their "faces" without a purse, a card or a mobile phone, which helps to 
drastically reduce transaction time.

N/A

Market3. 

Faceter Whitepaper 16

Faceter plans to position itself in the upper right-hand corner offering a solution with 
high quality algorithms for a great variety of application areas.

Competitive ecosystem  
Source: based on independent research ordered by Faceter in the 1st quarter of 2017.

Q
ua

lit
y 

of
 a

lg
or

ith
m

  *

* – algorithm quality in this case is determined by the results of MegaFace international competition

Universality



Current problems  
in the field of video  
surveillance

Faceter Whitepaper 17

Way To Market Leadership

4.



Faceter Whitepaper 18

To date, the use of CCTV systems for security purposes has not lived up to its 
expectations. Such systems are mostly used for the continuous recording and storage 
of video archives. Street cameras only record what happens in the street. If a crime is 
committed, all that a policeman can do is watch a video, find a shot with a criminal’s 
face, and send a picture of poor quality to other police offices. For example, in 2009, 
while investigating 95% of murders, Scotland Yard detectives used videos recorded 
by CCTV. However, this did not help the victims of those murders.
 
Obviously, such functionality is not sufficient to ensure high levels of security. 
According to numerous studies, the installation of cameras significantly reduces the 
number of crimes in parking lots (by 51%); however, in city centers and in the streets, 
the situation improves by no more than 10%. In some countries, there have been no 
significant changes in the criminogenic situation since the introduction of CCTV, 
which makes these technologies virtually useless.

The potential of CCTV is enormous. Due to new developments in face recognition 
technology and the use of an event-based security approach, CCTV can become a 
truly effective tool. The highest potential for FR technology is in the niche of public 
security in crowded locations.

Such features are not yet available even in sophisticated urban systems. The first pilot 
projects to test automatic face recognition technologies in public security systems 
were launched in 2016. Video surveillance systems with such features as reaction to 
events, face recognition, comparison against databases, and other advanced features 
have already begun to be built into corporate systems. Such systems, however, are 
not scalable and cost a lot of money. The high cost of licenses and prohibitive IT 
infrastructure costs make them unaffordable even for medium-sized companies, not 
to mention small businesses and individuals.

Faceter plans to fill this niche by offering a highly functional product affordable 
for mass consumers, by utilizing  all the benefits of decentralized computing an 
blockchain.

What if a camera could be connected to intelligent software that is able 
to analyze events and automatically turn on an alarm system and call the 
police, firefighters or ambulance right at the time of the event?

What if a camera was able to recognize an offender's face in the offender 
database long before a crime is committed?

What if the system could immediately provide investigators with a list of 
all public places visited by a criminal over the last year, including the exact 
dates and times?

Current problems in the field of video surveillance4. 



Faceter’s solution

Faceter Whitepaper 19

What Makes It So Awesome 

5.



Faceter’s solution

Faceter’s main component is a decentralized infrastructure where complex data 
processing using neural networks is performed using the decentralization powers of 
Fog Computing and Blockchain.

Faceter is a system that makes smart video surveillance and provides cameras with 
"eyes" – face recognition, object detection and real-time video content analysis. At 
the next stage, all these capabilities will be combined into a single feature: the ability 
to "understand" the situation and respond to it accordingly. 

The low cost of such computations makes them affordable for small businesses and 
mass consumers; they can even be used in combination with the simplest video 
cameras connected to the Internet.

Object and facial recognition and resultant behavioral analysis greatly 
enhances the capabilities of video surveillance systems to detect potential 
threats or such events as a smiling customer, a focused employee, etc. The 
technology’s algorithm was proven by LFW and MegaFace test, which are the 
most trusted in the industry.

Convenient applications for any computer or mobile device allow users to 
access video surveillance systems from anywhere and without having to 
master complex and slow interfaces.

Faceter Whitepaper 20

5. 

Faceter’s Primary Features

System description5.1



Faceter’s solution

Faceter Whitepaper 21

5. 

Fog computing — The cost of the product is significantly reduced by involving 
cryptocurrency miners into a decentralized computing network to perform 
recognition calculations with the added benefit of offering miners a higher 
income-earning opportunity.

Blockchain — Faceter uses all the nascent opportunities of smart contracts 
to deliver flexible and transparent payment options and as well as proof-of-
recognition mechanisms to a Fog computing network. This is the way Faceter 
contributes to the growth of the crypto-industry.

Machine learning — using neural networks, you can teach Faceter to react on 
variations of certain events.
           
Data protection — Faceter does not process the source video stream outside 
its trusted environment; only anonymized data is transferred to decentralized 
networks.
     
The Faceter token is the “fuel” of a decentralized network enabling flexible, 
transparent, cross-border closed-loop settlement mechanism for all 
participants.

Competitive advantages
Most of the video surveillance software available on the market uses two parameters: 
recording time and source. This means that the user can only see what happened 
at a certain time on each of the installed cameras. Faceter greatly expands the 
possibilities of working with video.

The utilization of leading-edge decentralization technology via fog computing and 
Blockchain, Faceter is able to transform a previously fragmented and difficult to 
access industry into technology that all means of potential users can leverage too 
their particular advantage.  The involvement of multiple mining sources, at incredibly 
attractive rates, makes this an opportunity that cannot help but succeed financially, 
across many different points of access.

5.2

Decentralization

Thanks to the high-level facial recognition 
technology (confirmed by LFW and MegaFace 
tests), Faceter is able to:

draw up a card file of office workers, family 
members, or restaurant visitors;

generate a report indicating who and when  
was filmed by cameras; 

track each case of a particular person  
appearing in a certain place and issue  
specific records from the archive.

–

–

–

Highly Accurate Facial Recognition



Faceter’s solution

Faceter can be "taught" how to respond to certain events. For example, the system 
can send SMS to parents when their child comes from school and transfer information 
through the API to integrated systems. It can be a smart home management platform 
that can give the microwave an instruction to automatically heat up food. In the next 
two years, Faceter will also be able to support the protocols of several leading smart 
home platforms and standard API callbacks. When integrated with urban services, 
Faceter can be configured to perform specific actions, such as sending alerts to 
911 rescue service in the event that there are any signs of violence or a crime being 
prepared.

Faceter Whitepaper 22

5. 

In future versions, in addition to detecting and recognizing faces, Faceter  
will also be able to:

The cost of computing and storing data is one of the main expenditure items in 
products powered by AI and neural networks. Faceter’s technology involves the 
use of distributed decentralized computing powers: fog computing. This approach 
allows to significantly reduce infrastructure costs compared to standard public cloud 
computing (AWS, Microsoft Azure, etc.) in proprietary or leased data centers, which 
makes Faceter’s facial recognition and video stream analysis technologies affordable 
for the mass consumer.

identify emotions by facial expression 
and tone of voice; register cries for help 
or aggressive intonations, sounds of 
breaking glass or atypical noises;

"recognize" pets.

identify objects of certain types 
in the camera’s scope, including 
weapons, money, flames determine 
their characteristics, such as color, 
volume, weight;

recognize text and character 
sequences, such as in vehicle numbers;

Truly Smart Surveillance

Affordability for the mass consumer

Integration Interface



Faceter’s solution

Application areas
Faceter has developed a product version for corporate and government customers 
which can be used in many scenarios, both as a cloud service and a "boxed" solution. 
The main goal of the next stage is to develop a product for mass consumers based on 
decentralized computing powers (so-called "fog computing"). This technology helps 
reduce infrastructure and computing costs and makes the services more affordable.

Software designed for households can be used in apartments, offices, country 
houses, as well as in family shops and restaurants. Payment is made based on 
a monthly or annual subscription. The rates depend on the number of cameras 
used and the workload (the number of recognized faces per unit of time). 
Faceter’s solution for individual users:

– increased security level;
– affordability;
– extensive applicability (integration with smart home technologies).

Software with extended functionality for enterprises can be used in factories, 
warehouses, large enterprises, hotels, casinos, shopping centers, banks, 
restaurant chains, etc. Thanks to the technology partnership agreements with 
vendors of household, office and industrial equipment and manufacturers of 
sensors and other components for smart devices, as well as organization and 
production management systems, Faceter will provide the following additional 
features:

Security based on video surveillance 
Faceter allows users to significantly improve the performance of their security 
systems thanks to the event analysis approach. This technology allows users to 
detect outsiders in the territory of enterprises and offices, as well as to monitor 
the safety of objects and identify fire, non-standard noise, etc.

Personnel management
Faceter can automatically keep track of the time that each employee spends 
in the office and at their workplace; automatically recognize visitors and keep 
a log of visits; identify cases of employees’ atypical behavior; recognize facial 
emotions, tone of voice, etc.

Faceter Whitepaper 23

5.3

5. 

B2C

B2B

Customer relationship management
Faceter’s analytical algorithms allow users to count the number of visitors 
and identify their gender, to keep a log of visits to specific clients, to note 



Integration with existing solutions and equipment
Technological partnership with vendors of software and household, office 
and industrial equipment, including manufacturers of sensors and other 
components related to the IoT concept.

Software for municipalities can be used to analyze video stream in the streets 
and on roads, as well as in crowded places, railway stations, airports, and 
strategic facilities. It can also be integrated with databases.

Faceter assumes the possibility of recognizing an offender’s face and running 
it through the entire database of archival records to reveal the places recently 
visited by such a person. The solution provides automated control over 
compliance with norms and regulations in transport and public places, which 
will increase crime detection rates and ensure higher levels of public security.

Faceter’s solution5. 

Faceter Whitepaper 24

B2G

any particularities of their behavior (for example, their interest in certain 
products), to detect queues at cash registers and notify responsible personnel 
accordingly;

Future development
After Faceter is adopted by the market, it can be used to maintain white lists in a 
variety of services; for example, on websites where employees can be hired to do 
some housework. In addition to ratings and reviews, Faceter system can also store 
links to a blockchain record containing biometric identification data (vector facial 
recognition, voice recognition, etc.). The same method can be used to store the 
records of shop visitors and to check the integrity of buyers, sellers or couriers.

If all cameras connected to Faceter are integrated with police and rescue service 
databases, information about wanted criminals, missing children or people in 
trouble can be instantly sent through the system to find their relatives and places of 
residence. In such emergency cases, the police and special services will also be able 
to access the system in order to discover the "prints" of people in video archives of 
Faceter users without compromising confidential information, since the system will 
only use data for which the camera owner gave their consent.

5.4



Faceter’s solution5. 

The Internet is called the "nervous system" of 
mankind through which "nerve impulses" are 
transmitted in the form of huge amounts of digital 
data, thus forming the collective knowledge. If we 
look at humanity as a single system that recreates 
the functions of a living organism, blockchain and 
the collective security approach can be perceived 
as one of the vital components – an immune 
system defending this organism from potential 
internal and external threats.

Faceter Whitepaper 25

Robert Pothier
CEO, Сo-founder



Faceter technologies 

Faceter Whitepaper 26

Advanced and Deep Learning

6.



Faceter technologies

Data processing
The Faceter software complex  
is designed in the form of a set  
of modules each of which is executed 
at different system levels and is 
responsible for individual stages of the 
platform operation. The language of  
ML components development is C++11. 
In addition, GPU acceleration is actively 
used.

Receiving and decoding video stream from camera;

Face detection (in case the camera is not equipped with built-in face detection 
technology); 

Face alignment and framing for better recognition;

Obtaining a vector of characteristics for each person using deep convolutional 
neural networks;

Vector clustering, comparison of feature vectors with available databases and 
their placement in the storage system;

Results output through API.

Stages of the face recognition process

Faceter Whitepaper 27

6.1

6. 

2

1

3

4

5

6

A server with computational capacities is required for 
offline solutions whose volume depends on the number 
of cameras and the frequency of people getting into 
focus. For the online solution, the user is required to 
log in to Faceter’s website and add RTSP, HTTP or RTMP 
link to video camera. At the next stage of the product 
development, cameras will be automatically connected to 
ONVIF interface.

Camera Frames Detected frames Aligned Faces Face to unique 
feature vector

Face clusteringFeatures storageFeatures ComparatorWebAPI

Pipeline of facial recognition process



Faceter technologies6. 

Faceter Whitepaper 28

Distribution of computational resources by stages

Incoming Stream Scene Frame Detected Faces Aligned Faces Face features Output stream Face clustrers/IDs

Stream decoding

CPU 100%  

GPU 0%

CPU 100%  

GPU 0%

CPU 80%  

GPU 20%

CPU 5%  

GPU 95%
CPU 10%  

GPU 90%

CPU 0%  

GPU 100%

Face detection

Encoding to output HLS stream

Face alignment

Facial features 
extraction

Clustering storage and comparator

Faceter Decentralized Network
Due to the rapid growth of decentralized services, including blockchain-based 
services, Faceter plans to build its own computing network by means of attracting 
individual owners of GPU resources, as well as to use affordable solutions, such as  
SONM or Golem, instead of expensive cloud services. Thus, there will be no need to 
use the expensive monopolized services of Amazon, Microsoft, Google, etc.

The use of miners’ resources or other idle computing power can be extremely 
beneficial both for the owners of these resources and consumers. Even a rough 
comparison of the cost of renting GPU servers on Amazon Web Services to the 
amount of compensation paid to miners for block calculations demonstrates a huge 
difference. In addition, the network complexity is adjusted every few months which 
allows for the reduction of miners’ rewards, and after new consensus mechanisms are 
adopted, there will be no need for GPU computing at all.    

6.2

Cameras Private 
zone

Video Hubs

The FOG

Miners

Faceter platform operation   

http://sonm.io/
https://golem.network/


Faceter technologies6. 

The main participants of Faceter network are the owners of GPU resources (Miners).  
A smart contract will be concluded with each of these nodes. This contract will be 
used to accrue compensation for the provision of computing capacity.

A decentralized environment requires special verification of the trustworthiness of 
connected nodes. In order to ensure the quality of computations performed, less 
productive nodes will be verifying the performance of other nodes and repeating 
calculations performed. High-performance nodes are supposed to be fully loaded 
with tasks, whereas less powerful ones will be given just fragments of the same tasks. 
The results of the calculations will then be compared by a smart contract, and if there 
are enough confirmations from participants, each of them will receive their portion of 
the reward from the formed balance. If nodes responsible for the verification receive 
a different hash of calculations, this will confirm a miner’s bad faith and will lead to 
their disconnection and redistribution of accumulated reward among new computers. 
Faceter calls this concept "Proof-of-Recognition".

The distribution of tasks for the performance and verification of work will be dealt 
with by special orchestrator nodes (Video Hubs) which also act as video hubs and 
obfuscators of sensitive data. Such nodes will be located in the trusted zone unlike all 
other nodes working with impersonal data of no value.

Faceter Whitepaper 29

Personal data protection
Users of video surveillance systems usually connect their cameras to cloud platforms. 
There are dozens of such cloud applications on the market serving a lot of people and 
companies (sometimes millions of them): Ivideon, Camcloud, XMEye, vMEyeSuper, etc.

All such services have access to CCTV cameras, but virtually none of them have 
developed a clear policy for handling user data; oftentimes, there is no proper means  
of controlling access to data.

Faceter’s modular architecture allows users to work with original video stream in 
trusted environments: on camera owners’ devices, on Faceter’s servers, or in cameras 
themselves, if possible. Only obfuscated (impersonal) data is used to perform tasks on 
decentralized networks. In other words, such data cannot be converted to the original 
format with reference to the owner.

6.3

Consumer trust is our priority. At all stages of Faceter 
development, we are guided by the YOU OWN YOUR DATA 
principle, giving our customers an opportunity  
to fully control their personal data.

Robert Pothier
CEO, Co-founder



Faceter token use model
The effective operation of a decentralized network requires a flexible, transparent 
and transboundary settlement mechanism for all participants. Traditional approaches 
using fiat money are not viable in this particular case, since they don’t fully meet any 
of these requirements. 

It means that each potential network participant would have to pass an extended KYC 
check, open a foreign exchange account with their bank and execute an international 
transaction observing all the requirements of local legislation, which makes it virtually 
impossible to create a large-scale decentralized computing infrastructure.

The solution to this problem is Faceter's own token used as a basis for making 
payments between consumers of intelligent video surveillance services and network 
participants. Integration of the blockchain technology into Faceter platform is 
planned to be executed in several stages:

Stage 1: issue of tokens on Ethereum for free sale and internal economic purposes of 
the project, as well as for payment of remuneration to node owners ("miners"). 

Stage 2: development and launch of proprietary blockchain and possible token 
migration. This step is supposed to solve the problem of decentralized task 
distribution, increase the system’s speed, ensure independence from Ethereum 
blockchain and reduce transaction costs within the platform.

Faceter’s services can be paid for with tokens or other payment tools (bank cards, 
electronic wallets, cryptocurrencies). In order to ensure the normal functioning of 
the latter, Faceter will implement mechanisms for the instantaneous conversion of 
payments to tokens. The cost of camera maintenance is set by Faceter in USD and 
may be revised on a quarterly basis.

Faceter's relations with customers and miners are regulated by a set of smart 
contracts that guarantee transparency and the fulfillment of all the terms and 
conditions. Below are the main points relating to the settlement process in a 
decentralized network and Faceter token use:

Faceter forms a pool of smart contracts with miners where all the main terms and 
conditions are stipulated, including leased computing power, remuneration rates, 
contract duration, etc.

Faceter pre-transfers tokens to miners’ smart contracts for the subsequent payment 
of leased services using the system’s reserve pool.

Service users submit applications to connect their CCTV cameras and make payments 
using their preferred payment methods. If payment is made without using FACE 
tokens, instant conversion to tokens will be performed. 

6.4

Faceter technologies6. 

Faceter Whitepaper 30

1

2

3

System functioning model



Faceter technologies 6. 

Faceter Whitepaper 31

Smart contracts are also created for customers. These smart contracts stipulate 
the parameters of purchased services and are used for receiving payments made in 
tokens.

The customer smart contract distributes tokens. The main part of tokens is returned to 
the system’s reserve pool (~60%), a portion goes to Faceter (~20%) as compensation 
for video obfuscation costs and service support, and the remaining balance is 
burned.

The transaction identifier obtained through burning is an access key to the service. It 
is then broadcast along with all tasks in the decentralized network and can be verified 
by each participant.

The client connects their cameras to the service and starts transmitting video 
stream. Faceter carries out decoding and obfuscation of all images and passes 
them to miners for in-depth analysis and the selection of unique vectors of detected 
objects. Obfuscation is necessary to protect sensitive data. To achieve this goal, the 
features of convolutional neural networks are used where, after two convolutions, 
the image is irreversibly distorted and can be safely transferred to other nodes for 
subsequent convolutions. The whole process of face recognition includes more than 
40 convolutions.

For each miner, Faceter randomly assigns three other miners who perform the 
validation of calculations results (re-processing of individual fragments).

Once a day, miners pass hashes of processing results to a smart contract. The same 
action is performed by nodes responsible for validation, following which hashes are 
reconciled. If they do not coincide, this indicates bad faith of one of the miners, in 
which case their remuneration is automatically frozen thus initiating an arbitration 
procedure.

Miners independently request payment of fees from their smart contract taking into 
account the escrow period which takes from 1 to 14 days. During this period funds 
are held. The duration of the escrow period depends on the miner’s ranking and may 
decrease in the process of work.

Minersand other token holders can use FACEs to purchase Faceter services or to sell 
them through exchanges, as well as to convert tokens to ETH at the time of buy-out 
(for more details, see Chapter 9.2 “Buy-out Program”).

4

5

6

7

8

10

9

11



Due to the fact that all 
product sales, be it a 
monthly subscription 
or a license contract, 
are reflected on the 
blockchain, all information 
on the company's business 
indicators will be publicly 
available and can be 
verified by customers 
(license information is 
displayed in customers’ 
user accounts) and 
other participants of the 
ecosystem, such as node 
owners that perform 
image processing.

Faceter’s team also collaborates with other companies developing solutions in the 
field of Fog Computing and provides an opportunity to connect computing resources 
from other networks through token exchange mechanisms.

Token circulation in Faceter’s system

Faceter technologies 6. 

Faceter Whitepaper 32

Faceter

FACE

FACE

$

FACE

$

License

Customer

Burn

Miner

Token Holder

$

FACE



Business model

Faceter Whitepaper 33

Smart Strategy To High Profit

7.



Faceter’s business model includes multiple ways of income generation depending on 
the results of the crowdfunding campaign (see paragraph 9). Below are listed the key 
mechanisms of project monetization. In all of them, a portion of profit is supposed 
to be used to buy out tokens and burn them.

Fees for processing video
Consumers will be offered a service at $9.99 per month per camera, 
whereas miners’ rewards will not exceed 50% even if such rewards will be 
twice as high as revenues from Ethereum mining.

Contracts in B2B and B2G sectors
Large corporations and state enterprises are highly interested in such 
products and are ready to enter into long-term contracts with a monthly 
fee for each connected camera. 

Faceter hardware solutions 
Priority is given to close cooperation with suppliers of video surveillance 
equipment. It is also planned to develop proprietary and co-branded video 
cameras capable of performing primary video stream processing and its 
obfuscation on embedded chips optimized for Faceter algorithms.

Marketing services
When the global infrastructure of Faceter becomes industry standard, 
camera owners will be able to use their  data in global marketing research 
and  get paid with tokens.

Business model7. 

Faceter Whitepaper 34



Roadmap

Faceter Whitepaper 35

Fulfilling Sci-Fi Predictions

8.



Roadmap

Faceter Whitepaper 36

8. 

2017

2014

2018

2019

Building modular architecture and  
adapting Faceter to fog computing  
networks to reduce computation costs

Developing Android, iOS, Apple TV  
applications

Developing a module for classifying  
individuals in videos to augment the  
event-based model with the following  
features: sex, age, race, emotions

Adding a “user friendly” option: store 
video archives in decentralized IPFS-
based storage providers

Token Sale

New team members:  
growing IT department

Launching beta version of Faceter  
running on a fog and starting sales  

in the mass market segment

Alpha version of Faceter for B2B  
is released 

Proof-Of-Concept of Faceter  
for mass market (centralized version)

The Faceter project was 
launched in 2014.
See page 6 for more info

Developing integrated solutions in 
collaboration with hardware vendors

Tracking visitors with partially or 
completely hidden faces. Recognizing 
body type features: height, weight, 
build.

Vehicle detection and recognition  
in video, including recognition  
of numbers using cameras with 
sufficient resolution 

Developing a technology for detecting 
different events in the cameras’ scope:  
run, fall, fight, unattended items, 
hazardous situations (flame, smoke, 
vibration, non-standard noise etc.) 

New team members: sales and  
business development specialists

Partnership agreements with video  
camera vendors regarding Faceter  

preinstallation

Launching a fully functional  
decentralized version of Faceter



Token Sale

Faceter Whitepaper 37

Great Opportunity To Contribute

9.



Token Sale9. 

Faceter Whitepaper 38

To achieve all the goals stated in the roadmap with regard to the development of the 
Faceter product, the team launches a crowdfunding campaign based on the Token 
Sale model.

Faceter plans to issue a certain number of tokens some of which will be distributed  
as part of the crowdfunding campaign.

Participants in the Faceter token sale in return for their contributions receive FACE 
tokens. The distribution of FACE tokens will be subject to and governed by a separate 
document setting out the terms and conditions of the agreement as between Faceter 
and each token sale participant.

Tokens will be issued on the Ethereum platform in accordance with the ERC20 
standard.

Public token sale is planned to be executed in two stages: Presale and Token Sale.

Presale: (February 5, 2018 – February 15, 2018)
Tokens to sell: 108,000,000 FACE
Bonus program: 50%, 40%, 30%, 20% determined by whitelist position. 
Extra 5% bonus for individual purchases greater than $10,000.

Token Sale** (February 15, 2018 – March 30, 2018)
Tokens to sell: 300,000,000 FACE
Bonus program: 20% for early contributors only.

Free sale
The reserve pool to ensure the operation  
of the system since its launch to buyback
Team bonus (with sale restrictions  for 2 years)
Bounty program
Advisers remuneration
Bonuses at early stages

40.8%
30.8%

 

15%
0.5%
6.0%
6.9%

Token distribution*9.1

Quantity: 
1,000,000,000

Token Price:  
1000 FACE = 0.0872 ETH

Additional emission 
is not planned.

Token Ticker: 
FACE

FACE token is used as the local instrument of payment on the Faceter platform 
and is a key element of the business model.

*     Percentages are approximate.
**   All tokens that will not be sold during the token sale will be burned.



After Faceter starts making a profit, we will allocate ~20% of our revenues to buy out 
FACE tokens to replenish the reserve pool on a quarterly basis. The buy-out price will be 
based on the market value of FACE token, but not below its nominal value.

FACE token buy-out mechanism:

Based on quarterly results, ~20% of the company's revenue will be allocated to the token 
buy-out pull. Preparatory measures before the start of the buyout procedure will take 
about one month.

Faceter issues a smart contract to purchase tokens with a fixed amount and a fixed 
closing date.

Faceter users will be informed of the opportunity to sell their tokens.

Token holders will be able to send their tokens for sale until the critical point is  
reached – an amount covering the buy-out of a certain number of tokens defined  
by the smart contract.

Token holders will be able to send and revoke their tokens prior to the closing date of 
the smart contract. After the closing date, the number of tokens will be fixed and all 
participants will be sent funds in proportion to the number of tokens remaining on the 
contract.

Funds received through the crowdfunding campaign will be used in accordance 
with the Roadmap. At the same time, the number of features implemented on the 
platform will depend on the amount of funds raised. The implementation of all the 
declared features will be possible if the project collects the maximum amount of 
funds (Hard Cap). Faceter should be considered as an R&D project in the field of the 
latest (bleeding-edge) technologies. The team confirms the plans declared; however, 
their implementation depends on the results of the crowdfunding campaign. The 
project’s business and financial model provides for the proportional demand for the 
final product with some extra functions. Below is a table with three possible scenarios 
depending on the amount of funds collected:

Buy-out program

Scenarios for the use of raised funds

9.2

9.3

Token Sale

Faceter Whitepaper 39

9. 

1

2

3

4

5

After the crowdfunding campaign is finished, FACE tokens will be traded on 
cryptocurrency exchanges.

Free token circulation will enable users to buy tokens thus gaining access to Faceter 
services, as well as to sell them to other ecosystem participants. 



Token Sale9. 

Faceter Whitepaper 40

The collected funds will be distributed as follows:

* Depending on the amount of funds raised, the distribution of costs between  
R&D and marketing may vary by 5%.

43%  
R&D and Hardware 
 Solutions

31%   
Outreach,  Partnerships   
and Integration

3%   
Legal Costs

2% 
 Other

21%   
SG&A

Core Features Infrastructure Hardware

Minimum
Financing
($5 000 000)

Recognizing people by their 
faces

Sex, age, race and nationality 
recognition

Recognizing body type  
features: height, weight, build 

Recognizing emotions

Pet recognition

Development of a  
decentralized computing 
architecture adapted to 
SONM, Golem, etc

Storage of video archive

Mobile apps for iOS and 
Android

Medium
Financing
($20 000 000)

Recognizing people with 
partially or completely hidden 
faces

Development of a teachable  
active event-based security 
model

Speech and sound recognition
Identification of people on 
terrorist lists

Development  
of proprietary  
decentralized network

Open API for integration

Integration into the 
equipment provided 
by suppliers of video 
surveillance systems

Maximum  
Financing
($40 000 000)

 Detection and classification 
of cars, including recognition 
of numbers on cameras with 
sufficient resolution

Identifying people by their  
profiles on social networks

Development of  
proprietary blockchain

Global people search 
system with a reward 
program

Release of proprietary 
video recorders and 
cameras

Integration with  
suppliers of smart 
home systems

Solution powered  
by augmented  
reality technologies for 
employees of security 
services (HoloLens 
version)



Our team

Faceter Whitepaper 41

Professionals, Leaders, AI-Enthusiasts

10.



Our team

Faceter is an international team with extensive experience in research and 
development in the field of computer vision and biometrics, as well as in high-tech 
international business development.

Managed and Directed operations with 9 years of global experience in the payment 
technologies industry.  Consulted and lead various mobile and kiosk technologies. 
Presented and represented some of the largest payment solutions companies in the 
world (Pinnacle Micro, Walletone.com, etc.); on e-wallets, gambling, KYC, various 
banking solutions and scanning technology in the United Kingdom, Spain, Italy and 
several African countries.

Paul is a seasoned professional in financial markets and emerging-market technolo-
gies. He has deep-level FinTech, InsurTech and Big Data ecosystem knowledge, in-
cluding utilisation of leading-edge technologies that underpin the ecosystem’s devel-
opment. His focus for the last 2-years has become the inherent benefits in Blockchain 
technology and the nascent opportunities this presents for a decentralised global 
economy.

Robert Pothier
CEO, Co-founder

Paul Scott
Business Development (CBDO)

Faceter Whitepaper 42

10. 

Security Technology Specialist with more than 20 years experience, head of Faceter 
Distribution Team. Jayson has completed a number of large scale projects, such as 
state and city level integrated security solutions. He also has extensive experience 
in providing holistic middle scale security technology solutions in the following  
sectors: Retail Shopping Centers and Retailers, Commercial, Industrial, Public Safety 
and Recreation Facilities. Jayson has a reputable understanding of the market and  
a clear vision of both global & local distribution channels. 

Jayson Gouws
Solutions and Distribution

Team

https://www.linkedin.com/in/robert-pothier-47a2541b/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/paulscott55/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jayson-gouws-3b035820


Faceter Whitepaper 43

Our team10. 

Has more than 25 years of experience in software development. Before Faceter he 
was the head of R&D-department of international outsource software development 
company, where he started to work with convolutional neural networks, more 
than 4 years ago. The current Faceter’s team, by guidance of Vladimir, has already 
developed a successful product – opensource library pay.cards for banking cards 
data recognition, which became very popular among mobile application developers 
worldwide and was downloaded more than 25 000 times.

Vladimir Tchernitski
CTO, Co-founder, ML-master

Five years’ experience in team management and iOS development. An expert in the 
field of UI. Works with such programming languages as Objective-C, Swift, PHP, HTML, 
CSS, and JavaScript. Participated in wallet.one, pay.cards, taaasty.com, and siberian.
pro projects.

Eight years’ experience in the field of product design. Specialization: adaptive web 
and mobile interfaces, iOS / Android applications, design, concept development. 
Worked as a lead designer for projects with multimillion audience (Viber wallet), 
Walletone.com, pay.cards, or71.ru, taaasty.com, thelocals.ru, catery.ru.

An expert in full-stack administration, as well as front-end and backend programming. 
A professional in product design and analytics.  Worked as a system analyst and a 
team leader in walletone.com, taaasty.com, bananastreet.ru and other projects; Took 
on the projects in a technologically outdated state, restarted them together with 
the new team, developed new monetization mechanisms, initiated several stages of 
redesign.

Vitaliy Kuzmenko
Mobile Development

Anton Ivashkevich
Design

Aleksandr Chernov
Tech Lead

https://www.linkedin.com/in/vladimir-tchernitski/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksandr-chernov-628404a7/
https://twitter.com/binary_1101
http://linkedin.com/in/vitkuzmenko
https://www.linkedin.com/in/anton-ivashkevich/
http://twitter.com/vitkuzmenko
http://ivashkevich.com
https://twitter.com/tchernitski


Investor relations advisor of blockchain projects, top expert at ICObench.  
Ex-executive Director at the Skolkovo Foundation, the leading Russian business  
incubator of hi-tech start-ups. Before worked as a head of strategy, investments  
and business development of the largest international corporations.

• Well known Blockchain Expert formerly from Huawei
• CEO and Founder: Distributed Business Applications 
• CISSP
• Conference Commit Member of ACM Practitioner Board
• Chinese Institute of Electronics: Blockchain Expert Committee Member

Before joining Huawei in December 2015, Ken worked for CGI Federal office in USA for 
18 years and served as its Director of Cyber Security and Director of Cloud Security. 
He established CGI Federal Identity Management Practice during his time at CGI. 
He has consulted to the United States Federal Government, numerous Financial 
Institutions and utility companies, providing expertise in Finance, Blockchain and 
Cyber Security.

Igor Karavaev
Investor Relations

Ken Huang
Senior Academic Advisor

Our team

Faceter Whitepaper 44

10. 

Advisors

https://www.linkedin.com/in/igor-karavaev-80a0674/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kenhuang8/


References

Faceter Whitepaper 45

Dig Deep And Enjoy

11.



References

Faceter Whitepaper 46

11. 

https://faceter.io/
https://pay.cards/
https://pay.cards/pages/sdk.html
https://github.com/faceterteam/PayCards-IOS-framework
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cards.pay.sample.demo
https://itunes.apple.com/app/pay.cards/id953777643?mt=8

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fog_computing

https://journalistsresource.org/studies/government/criminal-justice/surveillance-cam-
eras-and-crime
http://library.college.police.uk/docs/what-works/What-works-briefing-effects-of-
CCTV-2013.pdf
http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-30793614
http://megaface.cs.washington.edu/
http://vis-www.cs.umass.edu/lfw/
http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/video-surveillance-market-645.
html
https://www.statista.com/statistics/484857/video-surveillance-market-size-world-
wide-by-region/
https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/IP-video-surveillance-VSaaS-market
https://www.accenture.com/t20150523T055755__w__/us-en/_acnmedia/Accenture/
Conversion-Assets/DotCom/Documents/Global/PDF/Technology_2/Accenture-Vid-
eo-Analytics-Operational-Marketing-and-Security-Insights-from-CCTV.pdf
https://technology.ihs.com/api/binary/572252
https://www.slideshare.net/FilippPaster/pwc-data-driven-cities-2016
https://journalistsresource.org/studies/government/criminal-justice/surveillance-cam-
eras-and-crime
https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/facial-recognition-market?facial-recogni-
tion-market
https://www.gartner.com/doc/3368017/hype-cycle-humanmachine-interface-&sa=D&u
st=1506912378029000&usg=AFQjCNHKHf3fYd1xBYoSUOF3r4puGAw81w
https://www.gartner.com/doc/3764163?ref%3Dunauthreader%26srcId%3D1-47309520
11&sa=D&ust=1506912378030000&usg=AFQjCNFf7lAFNsiBqnxvxSVSflrR6NAOeQ
http://hospitalitytechnology.edgl.com/news/Facial-Recognition-Market-Expected-to-
Reach-$9-6-Billion-Worldwide-by-2022106020
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/home-security-camera-market-3787

Team's projects

Sources

https://journalistsresource.org/studies/government/criminal-justice/surveillance-cameras-and-crime
https://journalistsresource.org/studies/government/criminal-justice/surveillance-cameras-and-crime
http://library.college.police.uk/docs/what-works/What-works-briefing-effects-of-CCTV-2013.pdf
http://library.college.police.uk/docs/what-works/What-works-briefing-effects-of-CCTV-2013.pdf
https://www.accenture.com/t20150523T055755__w__/us-en/_acnmedia/Accenture/Conversion-Assets/DotCom/Documents/Global/PDF/Technology_2/Accenture-Video-Analytics-Operational-Marketing-and-Security-Insights-from-CCTV.pdf
https://www.accenture.com/t20150523T055755__w__/us-en/_acnmedia/Accenture/Conversion-Assets/DotCom/Documents/Global/PDF/Technology_2/Accenture-Video-Analytics-Operational-Marketing-and-Security-Insights-from-CCTV.pdf
https://www.accenture.com/t20150523T055755__w__/us-en/_acnmedia/Accenture/Conversion-Assets/DotCom/Documents/Global/PDF/Technology_2/Accenture-Video-Analytics-Operational-Marketing-and-Security-Insights-from-CCTV.pdf
https://www.slideshare.net/FilippPaster/pwc-data-driven-cities-2016
https://journalistsresource.org/studies/government/criminal-justice/surveillance-cameras-and-crime
https://journalistsresource.org/studies/government/criminal-justice/surveillance-cameras-and-crime
https://hospitalitytech.com/facial-recognition-market-expected-reach-96-billion-worldwide-2022
https://hospitalitytech.com/facial-recognition-market-expected-reach-96-billion-worldwide-2022


Disclaimer

Faceter Whitepaper 47

Important Notice

12.



Disclaimer12. 

Faceter Whitepaper 48

IMPORTANT NOTICE
PLEASE READ THIS NOTICE VERY CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN DOUBT AS TO THE 
ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE IN RELATION TO THIS DOCUMENT, PLEASE CONSULT 
YOUR LEGAL, COMMERCIAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISORS.

This Whitepaper is a summary of Faceter business model, technology, and an 
introduction to Faceter token sale features and targets.

Faceter will conduct its token sale to raise funds for development and 
commercialization of the products and services described in this Whitepaper.

Information contained in this Whitepaper is of descriptive nature and not binding.

This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have 
been obtained from internal or publicly available surveys, reports and publications. 
Such sources are believed to be reliable, but Faceter provides no assurance or 
guarantee as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and forecasts.

The Faceter token sale involves and relates to the development and use of bleeding-
edge and experimental technologies that may not turn out as expected or be brought 
to completion as specified in this Whitepaper.

Regulatory measures, investigations or actions may impact Faceter products and 
services and limit or prevent them from being developed or implemented. 

The Faceter business model may change due to new regulatory and compliance 
requirements from any applicable laws in any jurisdiction.

All matters discussed in this Whitepaper about future performance of Faceter, its 
products, services, tokens and token sale event, including, without limitation, future 
revenues, earnings, strategies, prospects, consequences and all other statements 
that are not purely historical constitute "forward-looking statements". Such forward-
looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those anticipated. When used herein, the words 
"anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "believe," "expect," "plan," "should," "hypothetical," 
“approximately”, "potential," "forecast," "project," “aim”, “target”, “could”, “if”, 
“may”, “possible”, “probable”, “would”, “will”, variations of such words and similar 
expressions or symbols are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All of the 
forward-looking statements made in this Whitepaper are qualified by these cautionary 
statements and Faceter can make no assurance that the results or developments of 
Faceter will be realized or even if realized, will have the expected consequences. 
All participants in token sale are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these 
forward-looking statements in making a decision to participate in the token sale. No 
representation, warranty, undertaking, promise, or guarantee is given in respect of the 
forward-looking statements.

Descriptive nature only

Forward-looking statements



FACE tokens do not represent equity, shares, royalties or rights to capital, dividends, 
interest, profit or income in the entity that issues tokens or any other entity in any 
jurisdiction. 

FACE tokens are not designed or intended to perform or to have a particular value 
outside the Faceter ecosystem.

FACE tokens shall not be used or purchased for speculative or investment purposes.

Faceter does not offer any securities or assets for investment purposes.

This Whitepaper is not intended to be a financial services offering document or a 
prospectus of any kind. 

This Whitepaper is not a solicitation for investment and does not pertain in any 
way to an offering of securities, shares, options or futures in any jurisdiction. It is a 
description of the functionality of Faceter products and services and the utilization of 
the FACE tokens within the Faceter ecosystem.

The Faceter token sale and distribution of FACE tokens to each contributor will be 
subject to and governed by the Terms and Conditions of Faceter Token Sale, which is 
a separate document setting out the terms and conditions of the agreement between 
Faceter and the contributor in relation to its subject matter. In the event of any 
inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the T&Cs shall prevail.

The use of any data or information about Faceter products, services and the FACE 
token sale provided by Faceter in this Whitepaper does not and cannot guarantee that 
contributors will make profits or will not incur losses. Such data and information is 
intended merely for informational purposes.

This Whitepaper does not include or contain any information or indication that might 
be used as the ground for any decision to participate in the Faceter token sale.

This Whitepaper and any data or information herein shall not construed and is not 
intended to supply professional, business, legal, tax, investment or financial advice. 

Faceter offers no advice regarding the nature, potential value or suitability of the FACE 
tokens or the token sale event. 

Decisions to participate in the token sale involve high risk and have to be based on the 
advice of qualified financial professionals.

Not designed or intended as securities or investment assets

Not an offer or solicitation

Not an agreement

Not a recommendation or advice

Knowledge required; Risks

Disclaimer

Faceter Whitepaper 49

12. 



Otherwise, all participants in the token sale must use their own judgment and 
consider carefully whether information and data contained in this Whitepaper is 
suitable for them in light of their personal financial conditions and ability to bear 
financial risks.

The token sale discussed in this Whitepaper has not been reviewed by any regulatory 
authority and no such action is planned to be taken under the laws or regulations of 
any jurisdiction.

The FACE tokens are not offered to the United States citizens and residents. They are 
not allowed to participate in the token sale and purchase FACE tokens.

Participation in token sale may be restricted to residents of other countries and 
territories. 

All participants shall make sure they act in conformity with the applicable laws, 
and they have found and learned the position of the regulatory authority in their 
jurisdiction.

YOU ALONE ASSUME SOLE RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DECISIONS YOU MAKE BASED 
ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS WHITEPAPER AND/OR THE USE OF SUCH 
INFORMATION.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL FACETER, ITS FOUNDERS, TEAM MEMBERS AND 
ANY THIRD PARTY INVOLVED IN FACETER PROJECTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR 
DAMAGE YOU OR ANYONE ELSE INCURS AS A RESULT OF ANY ACTIVITY THAT YOU OR 
ANYONE ELSE ENGAGES IN BASED ON ANY INFORMATION YOU RECEIVE  FROM THIS 
WHITEPAPER OR AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF THE WHITEPAPER, INCLUDING, BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO THE INCAPACITY TO USE FACE TOKENS.

ALL INFORMATION IN THIS WHITEPAPER IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY 
OF ANY KIND. FACETER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS AND DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS, 
IMPLIED, AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND TO YOU AND/OR ANY THIRD 
PARTY, INCLUDING WARRANTIES AS TO ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, OR 
FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Restricted territories

Limitation of liability

Disclaimer of warranties

Disclaimer12. 

Faceter Whitepaper 50



faceter.io

Сomputer vision surveillance  
technology powered by fog  

network of miners

© 2018 Faceter

https://faceter.io/

