







































Making Unsecured Loans Highly Secure.

WHITEPAPER v2.0

Nelson Lin - LinkedIn Conrad Lin - LinkedIn

Disclaimer: The information in this document is subject to change or update without notice 
and should not be construed as commitment by FintruX. 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/nelson-lin-058337b
https://www.linkedin.com/in/conradlin


THE 
BIG 
IDEA

Getting an unsecured loan can be easy, fast, and affordable with ecosystem of rated agencies, decentralized 
technology and revolutionary credit enhancements.

Cost reduction is one of the most important motivations in securitization. It is often done via credit enhancement.  We can apply the 
same principles to reduce the interest rate required by unsecured loans, making it attractive to both borrowers and lenders. Our goal 
at FintruX Network is to disrupt the way unsecured loans are being originated and administered. This paper gives an overview of our 
approach.

An unsecured loan is a loan that is not protected or secured by any asset. In this case the lender is taking a lot more risk and would 
likely charge a higher interest rate. The riskier the loan, the more expensive it will be. We are going to change that.

There are options to obtain an unsecured loan for your business. Local banks, private lenders, and marketplace lenders such as peer-
to-peer and direct platform lenders. However, there are rooms for improvement in the areas of transparency, risk & rate reduction, 
and ease & speed of funding. FintruX Network can deliver an experience to address all of these at the same time.

At FintruX Network we facilitate marketplace lending in a true peer-to-peer network. Through credit enhancement, we improve credit 
worthiness. The lender is reassured that the borrower will honor the obligation via additional collateral, insurance, and a third-party 
guarantor. Credit enhancement reduces credit/default risk of a debt, thereby increasing the overall credit rating and lowering interest 
rates simultaneously.

The four cascading levels of credit enhancements provide unprecedented risk reduction towards unsecured loans:

1. Over-collateralization acting as additional security; and if it fails to cover all losses arising from the same borrower,

2. Third-party guarantors take care of the overflow losses from the above for the selected loans; and if it still fails,

3. Cross-collateralization pool provides additional insurance; and if it still fails,

4. Five (5)% of all FTX Tokens has been reserved to cover any losses incurred by lenders. 

We are solving three major issues for small businesses, especially startups, to ease their cashflow issues:

t, provide 
cascading levels of insurances to cover the loss;

2. A unique smart contract is generated and deployed by FintruX Network for each individual borrowing at real time to provide unambiguous, 
immutable, and censorship resistant records where no arbitration is required;

3. In addition to simplifying the loan application process via instant matching, FintruX Network also provides borrowers with post-funding self-
serve administration options such as refinance and prepayment and access to third party rated agencies.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

2



STRATEGY

Our mission is to make trustless financing a 
no-brainer for both borrower and investor.

Our vision is to facilitate an ecosystem 
where financing liquidity is maximized and 

all participants win.

To further enhance our offering, we will make our 
platform available to partners such as fraud and 
identity service agents, credit scoring and decision 
agents, wallets, exchanges, banks, asset managers, 
insurance companies and technology companies; to 
offer new investment and borrower products, and 
develop new tools for use on our platform. These 
ecosystem partners can transact directly with our 
marketplace or leverage our automated administration 
tools to build financing portfolios to suit their or their 

opportunities provided by these ecosystem partners 
will help expand the attractiveness and availability of 
our network.

We generate revenue from charging participants 
transaction fees in FTX Token. Lenders can charge 
their desired fees to their borrowers. Lenders can also 
reward borrowers with FTX Tokens if paid on time.

We do not assume credit risk or use our own capital 
to invest in financing facilitated by our platform. The 
capital to invest comes directly from a wide range of 
lenders, including retail investors, high-net-worth 
individuals and family offices, banks and finance 
companies, insurance companies, hedge funds, 
foundations, pension plans, university endowments, 
and through a variety of channels.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

3



MARKET OVERVIEW

Global debt rose to 325 percent of the world's gross domestic product in 2016, totaling US$215 trillion an Institute for International Finance report 
released in April 2017 showed, boosted by the rapid growth of issuance in emerging markets. Global debt grew by $7.6 trillion in 2016 compared with the 
prior year. Issuance rose from 320 percent of GDP in 2015 [7].

Peer-to-

marketplace lending [2]. This type of consumer 

lending in the UK grew at 81.2 per cent a year 

between 2010 and 2015; SME lending growing at 

6 per cent a year during the same period; the total 

number of active borrowers almost doubled in 

2015 alone [5]. According to Morgan Stanley, 

while marketplace lending in 2015 was still ~1% 

of unsecured consumer and SME lending in the 

US, it can reach ~10% by 2020 and expect 

China, the UK, and Australia to follow. The global 

market can grow to $150-490 billion by 2020 [3].

Traditional local banks and credit unions offer 
unsecured loans. However, it is notably difficult to get 
an unsecured business loan through traditional 
lenders; especially if your business is relatively young 

It can also take months to apply and get approved. 
Generally, banks focus their operations in determined 
geographic locations, which makes it difficult for 
people in different areas to connect for purposes of 
credit transactions.

Private lenders are few and far in between and 
scattered throughout the country. There exists tougher 
requirements to be approved for a private loan, as the 
repayment method is not automated.

Alternatively, online platform lenders such as direct 
and peer-to-peer lenders can offer a faster, easier 
online application process [1].

Peer-to-peer platform lenders use other investors to 
fund their loans. This means that the money for your 
business loan might be originating from dozens, or 
even hundreds of individual investors all over the 
world. They usually offer more flexible approval and 
repayment terms than either bank or direct online 
lenders, but their interest rates are generally a bit 
higher.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

4



MARKET OVERVIEW

Just recently, Amazon announced that it has made $1 billion in small-business loans, 
ranging from $1,000 to $750,000 for up to 12 months, to more than 20,000 

merchants in the United States, Japan and the U.K. during the past 12 months. 

Since Amazon Lending launched in 2011, it has surpassed $3 billion in loans to small 
businesses in more than 130 different countries across the globe. Furthermore, 
Amazon can do it without the regulatory compliance that banks must meet [11].

Direct platform lenders issue loans from their own 

of the traditional requirements and limitations of bank 
lending. As a result, direct lenders are often able to 
issue loans more quickly than a bank or even peer-to-
peer lenders, and can offer some of the best rates 
available outside of traditional lenders.

However, something is still missing, the current P2P 
platforms are not true P2P because they are using 
intermediates such as trust accounts and others, just 
like direct lenders; they lack transparency and they do 

investments.

Thanks to the rising power of the Ethereum 
Blockchain we can achieve much more and bring 
higher benefits to both the borrowers and lenders.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

5



WHY NOW?

1994

1994

1998

2000

2003

2005

2009

2015

2017

2017

2017

Nelson has been wrestling with this concept for many years, just waiting for the right technology and opportunity - a decentralized blockchain that allows smart contracts to be generated by a no-code 
development platform. The Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) was brought to his attention early 2017 and the timing could not be better. These technologies combined with risk-reduction mechanisms utilized by 
securitization funders, the arbitrage of vast interest rate differentials around the world, and a network of sophisticated operators and agencies; this is a golden opportunity to create a simple trustless world of 
borrowing and lending, starting with the simplest unsecured loan.

Nelson is well connected in the credit industry.  One of the Rintagi-built mission-critical applications delivered in 2003 is currently serving the pass-through securitization market in North America managing 
several billions of dollars of assets. He engaged several existing clients who agreed to further explore how this platform could reduce risk and improve liquidity, security, administration and cost in the financing 
industry, especially between small businesses and accredited investors. 

He has over thirty years of experience delivering financing solutions in the financial sector. Nelson founded Robocoder Corporation in 1999, a reputable software design & development company and has 
successfully delivered many mission-critical financing solutions for the last 18 years. The Robocoder team will be our partners for our app development.

Invented 
Asynchronous Call 
in Programming

Delivered First 
Online Credit 

Adjudication in 
Canada, if not the 

World

Invented Low-Code 
Development 

Platform Rintagi

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

6

Patented Self-
Generating 

Rejuvenating 
Technology

administer financing over dialup modem and private leased line. Later we rewrote the same application into interactive 
web-

Nelson Lin has been an innovator all his life since he started his career in the 
financial-technology sector as a Systems Analyst at J.P. Morgan in 1986. 

Turned Low-Code 
into No-Code 
Generation

Innovated Credit-
Enhanced 

Unsecured Loan 
Product FintruX

Open-Sourced 
Rintagi & ERP as 

global collaborative 
projects

Delivered lending 
origination systems 
in client/server and 

browser based 
technologies

Generated a 
securitization 

system on the low-
code platform

Generated full ERP 
systems on low-
code platform

Kept >10 years 
old systems on 
modern UI/UX 
via continuous 
rejuvenation

https://www.rintagi.com/
https://www.rintagi.com/


P
R
O
B
L
E
M

Traditional Systems are Inadequate Marketplace Lending Still Has Problems

Startups and Small Businesses Underserved

There is a growing number of small businesses, especially startups, which 
fail to get loans from banks: 
• The loan amount required is too small for banks to be interested in.
• Loans are usually brought in by brokers who don't earn enough 

incentives on the smaller loans to follow through.
• Banks usually take a long time to reach a decision.
• The bank's requirement for documentation is very high.
• Some small businesses do not meet the internal policy parameters of 

the banks even though they are credit worthy by other standards.

Fragmented and Inconsistent

Most systems employed are not fully automated, records are mutable, 
censored, and subject to the patriot act of the country of domicile. 
Currently, the different parties would store their own copies of data, and 
process it individually. This makes it difficult to synchronize and 
collaborate through a shared process. This adds tremendous complexity 
and cost for auditing.

Lots of Intermediaries

Most financing is still originated via third parties such as brokers and other 
intermediaries. They sell their contracts to banks or originators who have 
credit lines obtained from banks. The cost of the credit line is then passed 
on to the borrowers. Only when their portfolios get to a very large size the 
originators can securitize their contracts to get lower cost of funding.  

Labour Intensive

Most financing contracts are difficult to understand and special 
instructions such as refinance, prepayment, end-of-term processing, etc. 
are largely manually performed on spreadsheets. 

The new social technologies of the Internet have helped to expand the boundaries of the 
traditional banking system by offering novel credit alternatives, such as marketplace lending. 
These technologies helped the credit system to move forward on the following key points:

• the networking effect in modernizing the whole credit-granting process 
increased;

• the segment of the population covered by the marketplace credit system 
increased;

• the localization issue was mitigated to certain extent;
• the intermediation costs were reduced, to the extent that the P2P interest rates 

were less than most traditional bank lending rates; and
• the shift brought better conditions for both borrowers and lenders for evaluating 

creditworthiness.

Credit risk is generally still assumed by 
the lender, and not by the P2P platform.

Credit risk evaluation process, though 
improved, remains asymmetric. 

The lender has only a few management 
tools to manage their assets.

If the company behind the P2P platform defaults 
or declares bankruptcy, the lender has limited 

recourse with respect to the borrower.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

7



O
P
P
O
R
T
U
N
I
T
Y

Small Business financing Is Essential to the Economy. 

Cash flow is an issue for many businesses, and while the cash fluctuations may be small they can have a huge effect on a busines
ability to run. This is where an unsecured loan comes in. The ability of small businesses to access affordable credit is essential to 
stimulating and sustaining a healthy, diverse and innovative economy. According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), as 
of March 31, 2014, there were $292 billion of commercial and industrial loans outstanding under $1 million.

In recent years, the economic powers of disintermediation 
have materialized. Uber has disrupted the transportation 
industry and achieved a valuation of $69B [9]. Airbnb has 
disintermediated the lodging sector and become the 

giving them a value of $31B [10].  88% of the Fortune 
500 companies were too late to realize that value is in the 
network effect of their users, not the cost of physical 
assets they own, and as a result they disappeared [6].

P2P lending platforms built from the ground up on 
blockchain technology are starting to emerge, particularly 
with technologies such as Ethereum, however, any asset 
locked up as collateral would have to be equal or larger 
than the loan, complicating the decision-making process. 
These platforms are still at a very early stage.

There is an opportunity for the online marketplace model 
to make unsecured loans as risk-free as possible, due to 
its simplicity as compared to its title-loan alternative with 
assets as collaterals. We believe a transparent and open 
marketplace with fully automated administration is 
necessary.

Borrowers and lenders can have access to secure and 
transparent information, complemented by advanced 
technology and tools to enforce immutability. This can 
make credit more affordable, less confusing, more 
confident, and redirect existing pools of capital trapped 
inside the banking system while attracting new sources of 
capital. Marketplace lending has the power to facilitate 
more efficient deployment of capital and improve the 
global economy.

Borrowers Are Inadequately Served by the Current Lending System. 

Due to its high fixed cost of underwriting and servicing, the traditional banking system is ill-suited to meet small business demand for 
financing and the possibility of incurring additional fees and penalties. Online financing portals attempting to bypass the intermediaries 
have failed to address these issues.

Lenders Have Limited Options to Participate in Small Business financing. 

As individual investors generally lack the size and access to invest in structured products directly, they are unable to invest in small 
business credit. While institutional investors have had some access to this market, most have lacked the tools to customize portfolios to 
their specific risk tolerance, and banks accessing this market generally hold the loans they generate on their balance sheet. As a result, 
we believe additional capital that could be invested in small business loans has largely been locked out of the market.

Being the first to create online credit adjudication in Canada in 1994, if not the world, and working with reputable funders 
managing billions of dollars of securitized assets, we are well positioned to create a new, alternative marketplace and automated 
administration platform for peer-to-peer lending with credit enhancement as a back-

In addition, our experience in creating a low-code self-generating development platform [10] enables us to generate robust 
smart contracts based on selected legal terms and administrative options.  Programs are generated and deployed instantly 
online and real-time via drag & drop and point & click easy-to-use interfaces with user-experience as our number one priority 
for both borrowers and lenders.

In sum, FintruX Network offers a disruptive environment which will be beneficial to the global economy.

Value is in the Network Effect.

-emphasized. The ideal 
scenario is to choose from an abundance supply of rated agencies with fixed costs providing services such as fraud & identity
detection, credit scoring decisions, etc.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

8

https://www.rintagi.com/


S
O
L
U
T
I
O
N

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

9

based online marketplace and automated 
administration platform connecting borrowers, 
lenders, and specialized servicing agents, enabling 
them to configure and construct each borrower 
contract real-time. 

Since each smart contract is fully-customized and 
simplified, it is much easier to understand and without 
ambiguity. No more "if ... then ... else" statements and 
unnecessary code.  Smaller programs also lead to 
lower gas fee.

Our technology supports this innovative marketplace 
and administration model to efficiently connect and 
process the global supply and demand of capital. 

Our platform also removes the need for physical 
infrastructure and brings out convenience and total 
automation, increasing efficiency, reducing manual 
processes and improving the overall borrowing and 
lending experience.

We use cascading levels of credit enhancement to 
improve credit worthiness. Through credit 
enhancement, the lender is provided with reassurance 
that the borrower will honor the obligation through 
over-collateralization as additional collateral, local 
third-party guarantor, cross-collateralization as 
insurance, and FintruX ultimate protection reserve.



COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES

Open ecosystem

FintruX Network partners with rated agencies such as 

identity, KYC/AML, credit scoring, credit model, and 

payments to provide lenders a wide variety of choices 

to adjudicate their loans. These agencies all play a role 

in the instant matching of our lenders and borrowers. 

Decentralized Reputation Ratings

We provide a decentralized review platform for all 

participants built on Ethereum smart contracts. 

Borrowers can now rate their lenders and have a 

reliable source of comparability between different 

lenders. The same for lenders who can now rate and 

write reviews on their borrowers and agencies; these 

can be used for the assessment of credit risk.

Token as transaction fee

Many service agencies are still charging an upfront 
licensing fee, annual maintenance fee, and hourly 
customization fee. FintruX Network will convince them 
to charge our lenders by transaction, in FTX tokens. 
This simplifies the onboarding experience by removing 
the barrier to entry.

We believe the following strengths differentiate us and provide us with competitive 
advantages in realizing the potential of our market opportunity.

Decentralized Ethereum blockchain technology

The Ethereum blockchain provides the highest availability. It is decentralized and its hashing 

provides immense security on identification and privacy. Smart contracts are not prone to 

failures such as power cuts, node failures etc. There is no risk of misplacing or losing the 

customer contract as the contract is saved on a distributed ledger.

Data records are immutable and censorship resilient. All activities and documentations 

relating to each financing is locked-down with full audit, even locations and conditions of 

items if requested. Since the terms of the contract cannot be changed, the users are at a 

lesser risk of being cheated.

Many systems as a platform architecture

Smart contracts provide transparency to both borrowers and lenders. It is unambiguous and 

choices made are visible on a user-friendly interface. Both parties can examine each 

contract at a granular level and continue to monitor ongoing performance.

Instead of one huge program to process millions of borrower contracts, our platform is 

comprised of millions small smart contracts, fully-customized and simplified for each 

borrower contract. No more "if ... then ... else" statements and unnecessary code. Smaller 

programs lead to lower gas fees.

This provides tremendous time and cost advantages over other P2P lending platforms. 

No-code development and instant deployment

Our smart contracts will not be hand-written. 

-code development 

platform into no-code development enables all 

possible contract combinations to be presented as 

user interface to borrowers and lenders. Codes with 

the latest technology are generated and deployed at 

real time. Thus, human error is eliminated.

Each financing on FintruX Network is regulated by its 

smart contract which is a well-documented legal 

agreement. It automates administration which 

eliminates human error, reduce risk.

Unprecedented risk-reduction on unsecured loans

cascading credit enhancements provides 
unprecedented risk reduction for unsecured loans 
making it easy to borrow at a reasonable interest 
rate. This is ideal in serving the underserved by 
unlocking funding for small businesses that need it 
most, especially startups.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

10



BENEFITS

Access to Affordable Credit. Our innovative marketplace model, online delivery, process automation, and credit 
enhancements enable us to offer borrowers interest rates that are generally lower on average than the rates 
charged by other unsecured loan P2P lending platforms and traditional banks, not to mention credit cards.

Superior Borrowing Experience. We offer a fast and easy-to-use online application process and provide 
borrowers with access to live support and online automation throughout the process and for the lifetime of the 
financing. Our goal is to form long-term relationships with borrowers, facilitating their access to an array of 
financial products that meet their evolving needs over time.

Branding Opportunity. Lenders can provide ratings and transparent reviews on a blockchain to establish trusted 
borrowers and agents within the ecosystem. With better ratings, borrowers can save on interest rates on 
subsequent loans. Moreover, borrowers can take this opportunity to give unfiltered feedback to share their 
opinion and provide a basis of comparability between different lenders.

Transparency and Fairness. Each customer contract is written as a fully-customized smart contract on a 
blockchain. It is secure, transparent, immutable, and censorship resilient. Historical data and expected 

Lowered Transaction Fee. Consequently, since each smart contract is fully-customized and simplified for each 
borrower contract, it is much easier to understand and without ambiguity. No more "if ... then ... else" 
statements and unnecessary code.  Smaller programs lead to lower gas fee; in fact, this is paid for by FintruX 
Network.

Super-Fast and Efficient Funding. We leverage online data and intelligent technology to instantly match risk, 
credit rating and any unique parameters pre-determined by lenders in decision tables to suggest appropriate 
interest rates. Borrowers can evaluate options and are instantly matched to lenders of their choice without 
impacting their credit score.

Self-Service. All available options such as refinance, prepayments, etc. can be done online within minutes, on 
all devices including mobiles.

Benefits to Borrowers Benefits to Lenders 

Access to Risk-Reduced Investing. Credit enhancements historically only available to securitization funding of 
large portfolios is now available to lenders on FintruX Network. By applying cascading credit enhancements, FintruX 

loss.

Superior Lending Experience. We offer a fully automated application process and provide lenders with access to 
live support and online tools throughout the process and for the lifetime of the financing. Our goal is to form long-
term relationships with lenders, facilitating their relatively risk-free offerings to their borrowers.

Branding Opportunity. Borrowers can provide ratings and transparent reviews on a blockchain to establish trusted 
lenders within the ecosystem. With better ratings, lenders can build up their brand and reputation. Moreover, lenders 
can gain access to qualified feedback and market research data to enhance the service they provide to borrowers.

Access to a Network of Expertise. A network of rated agencies such as fraud, identity, credit scoring and credit 
decision are readily available.

Attractive Returns. By having access to lower risk of funding and cutting major costs associated with administering 
the financing, these savings become additional profit margins. Once their decision tables are chosen and configured, 
this automated money machine can generate revenue while the lenders spend time with their families.

No Upfront Cost to Lenders. No lump-sum license fee, no enhancement fee, no maintenance fee, no support fee 
for a system; in fact, no upfront cost is necessary. The only fee to a lender is a transactional based fee and servicing 
cost that can be transferred to the borrowers. Each financing is managed programmatically by individual and 
independent smart contract. It is essentially a self-serve engine for the borrowers; saving labor and time servicing 
the borrower contract.

More Satisfied Customers. Self-service increases customer satisfactions. It is fast, efficient, transparent and 

time saved to service their borrowers better. More satisfied customers can turn into more business.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

11



BUSINESS MODEL

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

12

Customer

FintruX Network is a multi-sided platform[13] and 
ecosystem that delivers value not just to borrowers 
and lenders, but also to guarantors and agencies. 

The lender will deposit funds and choose a credit 
decision package provided by one of the rated 
agencies; which include recommended fraud, identity 
and credit scoring agencies. Borrowers filter criteria 
based on available funding parameters and are 
instantly matched to appropriate lenders. Borrowers 
can be represented by affiliate marketing agency 
partners.

After due diligence, funding is provided and 
subsequently lenders receive the invested principal 
and interest upon payments made by the borrowers.

Participants will contribute to our platform at 
funding and for each action as it is being 
performed on the network.

FintruX Network charges a fee on matching borrowers to lenders 
on the marketplace and a modest service fee for each action as it 

is being performed on the smart contract. 

The tiny gas fees charged by the Ethereum Virtual Network for the deployment 
of each smart contract and for the execution of the actions within will be 

absorbed by the FintruX Network.



BUSINESS MODEL

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

13

Tokenization

With the exception of the collateralization pools and 
currency being financed, inside the FintruX Network 
everything is tokenized.

Agencies, guarantors, and FintruX Network are all 
being paid in FTX Token.  Rewards and late charges to 
borrowers are paid in FTX Token as well.

FintruX will continuously sell collected tokens back to 
the participants to finance the operation and provide 
liquidity.

This creates a token economy for the limited 
supply of FTX Token.

FintruX Network charges a fee on matching borrowers to lenders 
on the marketplace and a modest service fee for each action as it 

is being performed on the smart contract. 

The tiny gas fees charged by the Ethereum Virtual Network for the deployment 
of each smart contract and for the execution of the actions within will be 

absorbed by the FintruX Network.



BUSINESS MODEL

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

14

Collateralization Pools

FintruX Network collects 10% of each loan as over 
collateralization and injects that into the respective 
cross-collateralization pools. Each pool is designated 
by the same credit decision package and in the same 
currency.  

In addition, 5% FTX Token has been reserved to cover 
credit/default losses as a last resort.

Since it takes time to repay the loan, there will be a 
continuous injection of over-collateralization from new 
loans. Combined with wise investment in short term-
deposits matching the maturity of each obligations, 
these pools can go up in value making this a safe 
insurance to cover the credit/default risk for the 
benefits of lenders. Activities and status on each pool 
will be transparent to respective lenders. 

Regardless, it will take more than one bad loan out of 
ten to deplete this insurance pool. There is also a 
buffering effect as more and more new loans 
contributing to their respective pools.

FintruX Network charges a fee on matching borrowers to lenders 
on the marketplace and a modest service fee for each action as it 

is being performed on the smart contract. 

The tiny gas fees charged by the Ethereum Virtual Network for the deployment 
of each smart contract and for the execution of the actions within will be 

absorbed by the FintruX Network.



BUSINESS MODEL

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

15

Third-party Guarantor

Local lenders may select from a list of local loans with varying incentives to act 
as guarantor. Once committed, any left over unpaid delinquency or default of 
loans under their protection will be paid for by this guarantor.  Subsequently this 
local guarantor can perform the collection procedures to reclaim their losses.

Monetization

A matching fee will be charged to both borrowers and lenders. Likewise, a transaction fee 
in FTX Token will be charged on every scheduled payment. The transaction fee will be a 
fixed percentage that is levied on every action as it is performed.

FintruX Network charges a fee on matching borrowers to lenders 
on the marketplace and a modest service fee for each action as it 

is being performed on the smart contract. 

The tiny gas fees charged by the Ethereum Virtual Network for the deployment 
of each smart contract and for the execution of the actions within will be 

absorbed by the FintruX Network.



BUSINESS MODEL

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

16

BUSINESS MODEL EXPLAINED

Borrowers FintruX Network Lenders Guarantors

Privileges

• Lower interest rates thanks to credit 

enhancements

• At the end of term receive the 10% of the loan 

which was held-back as over-collateral*

• Does not lend its own money

• Not responsible for any delinquencies and defaults over and 

above the four (4) cascading credit enhancements can carry

• Loan delinquencies and defaults 

are covered by credit 

enhancers as long as they are not 

depleted

• Earn tokens for guaranteeing 

selected loans

Obligations

• Trust 10% of loan amount with FintruX as 

over/cross-collateralization

• May pay a 10% premium for cross-

collateralization insurance if that pool was 

depleted

• Use the 10% of loan amount to pay any delinquencies & 

default of the same loan (over-collateralization)

• Use leftover from over-collateralization to pay delinquencies 

and defaults of other loans of the same class (risk profile) if 

no guarantor or guarantors fail to deliver

• Return any leftover from over/cross collateralization to pay the 

held-back 10% to borrowers

• Inject 10% of loan amount into 

FintruX as over/cross-

collateralization

• Must repay any left over unpaid 

delinquency or default of loans 

under their protection not 

covered by over-collateralization

*if no delinquencies/default and cross-collateralization pool not depleted. 



THE FINTRUX NETWORK
Leveraging technology and existing 
relationships in the funding world, FintruX Network 
leads the road towards credit democratization, 
offering an innovative alternative to credit access.

The FintruX Network marketplace and automated 
administration platform is a credit enhanced P2P 
global financing portal on a blockchain. It is primarily 
for enabling startups and small businesses to borrow 
from local accredited investors and financial 
institutions. They can also borrow in crypto currencies, 
where everything is performed globally. To maximize 
credit enhancement benefits, local third-party 
guarantors are invited to cover any losses arising from 
delinquencies or defaults that the over-
collateralization cannot adequately cover.

There are cross-collateralization pools for each credit 
decision package and currency. They act as insurance 
reserves for the unexpected default losses. At the end 
of term these amounts will be distributed back to 
borrowers or lenders, per situation. 

Bringing these entities together directly results in 
an efficient, cost-effective and transparent 
marketplace.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

17



KEY FEATURES

Configure Financing Parameters Instant Matching

Lenders pre-define their parameters based on a set of decision tables available on 
a list of packaged classes provided by rated agencies.  The package may include 

their choice of fraud, identity, and credit scoring agencies. A power-of-attorney will 
be given by the lenders to FintruX Network to bind financing contracts based on the 

available fund and specified conditions.

After answers are provided on the questionnaires, a list of lenders with ratings, reviews, high-level information and special offers will be 
instantly available to be selected by the borrowers. Credit adjudication and scoring may be performed at this stage, at the discretion of 

the borrowers. This is when the service agent and FintruX network will be paid in FTX Token at the same time by the borrower.

Using our responsive user interface, borrowers can configure their financing request via point & 
click, drag & drop on all kinds of devices including desktops, laptops, tablets, and smart phones. 

Instant matching can occur when borrowers narrow down their searches based on available 
parameters and their requirements.  

Select
Decision

Package C

Deposit X
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Lender A

Lender ABorrower B

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

18
Over-collateralization is the process of posting more collateral than is needed to 
secure financing. Over-collateralization is often used as a method of credit 
enhancement by lowering the creditor's exposure to default risk.

Filtering
Criteria

 Instant Matching Deposit X
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Select
Decision

Package C

Credit 
Adjudication

Agent

Fraud & 
Identity
Agent

KYC &
Documentation

Credit
Score



KEY FEATURES

Decentralized 
Rating & Review

Due Diligence

We provide and maintain a decentralized review platform for borrowers, lenders and all service agencies based on Ethereum smart contracts. In contrast, reviews 
written on a third-party website are subject to change by the site owner there is no integrity in the current non-blockchain based systems. The need of gaining 
qualified feedback/market research data to enhance the quality of risk assessment, service and transparency cannot be over-emphasized.

On the other side, we see borrowers, lacking a reliable source of comparability between different lenders as well as the possibility to give unfiltered feedback to share 
their opinion and thoughts. The same for lenders who can now rate and write reviews on their borrowers and agencies; subsequently these can be used as part of the 
credit scoring mechanism for assessment of credit risk.

Personal:
• The value of your personal bank and retirement accounts
• Household income
• If you have personal life insurance

When the borrower has selected the package and is ready to commit, a list of documents will be requested by the selected fraud and identity agent. 
Both personal and business documents are required. Examples of know-your-customer (KYC) documents are:

Business:
• Business name, address, email address, phone number
• What your business does
• How long the business has been open
• Annual sales
• Annual business profit before taxes
• The type of legal entity your business is
• The percentage of the business you own
• How you plan to use the money
• If your business has any outstanding debt
• How many employees you have
• Whether you own or rent your office space
• If you have property or liability insurance

As all the required documentations are submitted, the fraud and identity agent will 
coordinate the validation and either approve the transaction, request for more 
information or decline the application. 

With the permission of the borrower, these documentations can be made into a KYC 
profile so that it can be reused, simplifying future due diligence processes.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

19



Filtering
Criteria

 Same Currency 

Deposit X
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Select
Decision

Package C

Receive Y * 90%
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Fund Y
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Hold back Y * 10%
as Over- 

Collateralization

 Instant Matching/ Credit Score/ KYC/ Documentation  

Cross 
Collateralization

Pools

Pay Y * 2%
Fee to FintruX

in FTX

Deposit Y * 10%
to Pool C

KEY FEATURES

Get Funded Collateralization
After the application is approved, a fully customized and simplified smart contract is generated 

for the borrower, with detailed information. When the borrower confirms the application, this 
smart contract will be added to the distributed ledger. Funding is immediately triggered as all 
relevant and required documents/images are already captured and verified by the selected 

fraud and identity agent.

Lender A

Lender A

Borrower B

Our blockchain solution ensures that both borrowers and lenders can see the same transaction 
details and documents. Because of the shared nature of blockchain, there is no need for a third 

party to verify and confirm the transaction. Participants in the transaction who have the right 
permissions will be able to see the same information in real-time.

Filtering
Criteria

 Same Currency 

Deposit X
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Select
Decision

Package C

Receive Y * 90%
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Fund Y
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Hold back Y * 10%
as Over- 

Collateralization

 Instant Matching/ Credit Score/ KYC/ Documentation  

As part of the over-collateralization, there is a hold back of 10% of funding per contract. It will 
be stored in the respective cross-collateralization pool provided it is the same credit decision 
package and currency.  A 2% fee will be paid to FintruX Network for the matching service, in 

FTX Token.

Borrower B

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

20

Cross-collateralization is a term used when the collateral 
for one loan is also used as collateral for another loan.



Filtering
Criteria

 Same Currency 

Deposit X
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Select
Decision

Package C

Receive Y * 90%
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Fund Y
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Hold back Y * 10%
as Over- 

Collateralization

 Instant Matching/ Credit Score/ KYC/ Documentation  

Cross 
Collateralization

Pools

Pay Y * 2%
Fee to FintruX

in FTX
Deposit Y * 10%

to Pool C

OPTIONS TO
PRE-PAYMENT

AND REFINANCE
Same Currency

Periodic Payment W
with Interest

Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Periodic Payment W
with Interest

Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Pay W * 1%
Fee to FintruX

in FTX

KEY FEATURES

Payments

As periodic payments are made, 1% of the payments will be 
paid in FTX Token to FintruX Network as transaction fee.

Lender ABorrower B

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

21



Filtering
Criteria

 Same Currency 

Deposit X
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Select
Decision

Package C

Receive Y * 90%
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Fund Y
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Hold back Y * 10%
as Over- 

Collateralization

 Instant Matching/ Credit Score/ KYC/ Documentation  

Cross 
Collateralization

Pools

Pay Y * 2%
Fee to FintruX

in FTX
Deposit Y * 10%

to Pool C

OPTIONS TO
PRE-PAYMENT

AND REFINANCE

Same Currency

Periodic Payment W
with Interest

Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Periodic Payment W
with Interest

Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Pay W * 1%
Fee to FintruX

in FTX

Punish ? FTX for
each delinquency
Reward ? FTX for

each On-time Payment

KEY FEATURES

Reward/Punish

It is a good practice to reward good behaviors. Lenders can 
decide how many FTX Tokens to reward borrowers when 
they pay on time or punish them on delinquency.

Lender ABorrower B

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

22



KEY FEATURES

End of Term

At end of term, two scenarios may happen. Borrowers may get the full 
hold-back of the 10% from the respective over-collateralization 
calculated based on original value. Alternatively, the lender will receive 
the principle losses from the cross-collateralization pool in the case of 
credit/defaults losses. It is operating on a first-come-first serve basis.

Lender ABorrower B

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

23

Filtering
Criteria

 Same Currency 

Deposit X
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Select
Decision

Package C

Receive Y * 90%
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Fund Y
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Hold back Y * 10%
as Over- 

Collateralization

 Instant Matching/ Credit Score/ KYC/ Documentation  

Cross 
Collateralization

Pools

Pay Y * 2%
Fee to FintruX

in FTX
Deposit Y * 10%

to Pool C

OPTIONS TO
PRE-PAYMENT

AND REFINANCE

Same Currency
Periodic Payment W

with Interest
Fiat/Crypto/FTX

Periodic Payment W
with Interest

Fiat/Crypto/FTXPay W * 1%
Fee to FintruX

in FTX

Receive (Y * 90%) - V 
in FTX

 Receive V
Delinquent/Default

In FTX

In FTX

In FTX

Guarantor

In FTX



KEY FEATURES

Guarantor

Post Funding 
Administration

se of a default, provide an alternative 
o take the risk of covering the 

inadequate coverage provided by the over-collateralization. Potential guarantors will pick from a list of loans that have no guarantor and earn the incentive fee in 
FTX Token provided based on the maturity and risk profiles.

Self-serve options such as prepayment and refinance are available for the convenience of borrowers. Prepayment is necessary when the small business can afford 
to pay back the loan earlier to save on the interest cost.  On the contrary, when times are tough, refinancing can avoid delinquency which can affect ratings and 
incur extra penalty charges. These are discretionary options provided by respective lenders. 

Each funded transaction is represented by a smart contract generated by FintruX Network based on the agreed upon configurations by both parties.  This smart 
contract is visible and transparent to parties involved.  It is immutable and censorship resilient.  Selected administrative options are all executable based on this 
smart contract which will last through the life-time of the financing.

Automated messaging delivered via text to mobile, email, social media, etc. are available on many occasions such as funding, payments, delinquency, collection, 
expiry, etc..

Our portfolio functionality allows borrowers, lenders and service agencies 
to get an overview of the transactions they have executed and a summary 
view of key metrics. The portfolios are hierarchical and can be nested to 
form complex structures to help with organization and structuring.

High-level information such as delinquency, defaults, and other 
performance information is available and can be visualized and exported.

Portfolio 
Management

FintruX Network provides a detailed overview of market activity across 
regions, market sectors, exposures, etc.  The ability to aggregate 
statistics gives an unparalleled view of the financing market.

The dashboard on the FintruX Network displays various market data and 
user notifications. This dashboard allows each user to customize and 
monitor data based on their requirements.

Market Insights

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

24



TECHNOLOGY decentralized applications powered by Ethereum and 
no-code development. It enables smart contracts to 
be generated and deployed in real-time for the 
borrowers, without coding. The FintruX Network 
architecture is a highly scalable and robust 
combination of the latest technology advances in 
blockchain, user-experience, client, and server side 
approaches. 

Traditional automation is one system for all varieties of 
transactions -then-
complicated. We are shifting the programming 
paradigm with FintruX Network. We generate one 

contract to be deployed at real-time on the blockchain 
via a configurable interface. By generating a new 
contract for each individual use case, each program is 
in its simplest form, no more if-then-else statements.

What it means to our programmer: before, we used to 
make all programs flexible, no hard-coding; now it is 
just the opposite - all hard-coding to make sure it is in 
its simplest form and fully customized for one 
scenario, one situation, one event. 

The Smart Contract becomes a binding agreement 
between the participants - unambiguous, 
immutable and no arbitration required.

5(2+x) + 3(5x + 4) (x2)2 into a simpler form 20x + 22 x4 before solving for x. It is much 
easier to understand and much easier to solve.  

All the code is specifically catered for 
one fully customized event.

Smaller programs lead to lower gas fees 
and faster transactions. Simplest is best.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

25



TECHNOLOGY

Blockchain

Our marketplace leverages blockchain technology 
which offers all participants consistent, shared and 
secure processes. The nature of the decentralized 
blockchain allows a completely trustless interaction 
between parties which removes third party costs and 
commissions.

Our platform leverages the Ethereum blockchain and 
its smart contracts which provide a comprehensive 
development environment and a large community.

Private, High-Performance Storage

In order to process certain transactions, private and 
confidential information is required to be stored and 
exchanged. Our storage is a secured SQL database. It 
complements the blockchain network by providing 
fast access to data such as borrower records or other 
confidential information. Multiple levels of security, 
external authentication and strong usage profiling are 
involved.

4 which is fast and responsive. We use a Node.js 
backend which handles most of the business logic. 
The Angular 4 and Node.js combination has proven to 
be a very fast, lightweight and robust approach.
This web UI renders responsively on tablets and 

mobile app, to take advantage of the native phone and 
tablet capabilities - most likely Ionic will be used but 
subject to change.

The backend composes of three databases: Ethereum 
blockchain, MSSQL, and Firebase.

1. The Ethereum Virtual Machine handles 
blockchain data including smart contracts for 
each borrower contract and associated 
documentations;

2. The SQL database handles fast and mission-
critical structured data, especially data that 
requires guarantee that two or more updates 
either succeed or fail as an atomic unit;

3. The NoSQL database handles dynamic 
unstructured data such as personalization, user 
profile management, big data, interacting with 
internet of things (IoT), etc.;

The FintruX Network provides this infrastructure and 
low-code technology to build our no-code generation 
of smart contracts and marketplace.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

26



BIG DATA FintruX Network will generate large amounts of data 
which will be of huge value to our customers. The 
data will provide a market insight which does not exist 
today. External companies are able to utilize this data 
as part of their solutions, even if they are not directly 
using the FintruX marketplace.

Parts of our software will be open source, available to 
other financing solution vendors to use. By doing this 
we aim to create a strong ecosystem with an active 
community of adopters.

FintruX Network will gather all data from the platform 
and all available API, service agents, etc. We are 
leveraging key partnerships with Robocoder, 
Enterprise Ethereum Alliance, Microsoft and various 
universities to conduct research for the purpose of 
improving credit decision making, fraud, identity 
management, and risk reduction.

Robocoder licenses its technology and provides 
extensive development services, analytics, and market 
data to FintruX Network. Having served the 
securitization sector for the last 18 years, Robocoder 
has accumulated immense statistical data for many 
billions of dollars of financing assets. This big data will 

models.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

27

BIG DATA ANALYTICS
Collecting all data from FintruX platform, partners, and 

available API

RESEARCH
• University Partnership
• Small Business Researches

MACHINE LEARNING
• Fraud Detection
• Default Predictability
• Credit Scoring

AI ADVICE
• Credit Decision 

Improvement 
Advice



COMPETITOR ANALYSIS

Funding Circle, OnDeck and Kabbage 
(Traditional P2P and Direct Lenders)

There are many ways we can differentiate P2P small business 
loans at Funding Circle from balance-sheet lenders such as 
OnDeck and Kabbage.

Funding Circle's loans are sourced from multiple investors, who 
purchase portions of the business loan or bid on them in an 
auction, whereas Kabbage and OnDeck lend out their own 
capital.

Kabbage and OnDeck's loans - often referred to as merchant 
cash advance loans - tend to be for short-term business 
purposes (6 months or a year), whereas Funding Circle's are 
more often structured for long-term business growth (up to 5 
years).
They are all lending between 20% to 50%, rarely they would 
lend less than that [14].

Platform lenders that lend to small businesses can be divided into two main categories:
1. Traditional P2P and Direct Lenders -

2. Crypto currency using smart contract - Lending using blockchain smart contract as an intermediary

ETHLend, Lendoit, SALT 
(Crypto currency Using Smart Contract)

Using tokens as a collateral, ETHLend is a 
fully decentralized peer to peer lending 
platform using smart contracts on the 
Ethereum blockchain for lending Ether. 
ETHLend does not generate score and does 
not have any compensation funds to protect 
lenders.

Lendoit is similar to ETHLend but it adds 
borrower scoring, reputation, collector and 
2% from the crowdsale as compensation fund 
to protect lenders.

SALT lends in fiat currencies. It is a 
centralized loans platform for loans amount 
higher than US$5,000. It uses the smart 
contract only for depositing crypto currency 
as collateral. Their target market is borrowers 

liquidate into fiat. Only Accredited Investors 
and qualified financial institutions can 
become lenders on SALT.

FintruX Network is a fully decentralized peer to peer platform 
generating and deploying one unique smart contract on the 
Ethereum blockchain for each individual lending. For 
unsecured loans, it uses credit enhancing tools such as over-
collateralization, guarantors, cross-collateralization, and 5% of 
all FTX tokens to significantly reduce risk for lenders.

Our target borrowers are small businesses, especially startups, 
who wish to take advantage of lower rates offered by our 
platform because we make unsecured loans highly secure. 
Specialized agents on fraud, identity, credit scoring and 
decisions are partners in this ecosystem. Only accredited 
investors and financial institutions can become lenders on 
phase I of FintruX Network.

There are hundreds of marketplace lending platforms out 
there, we differ in that we enable borrowers to borrow at a 
significantly lower rate at ease and lenders lend with 
confidence in no time at all.

Overall, all three of these companies seek to address one major 
structural flaw in the current small business credit environment: 
banks and other traditional capital sources are not lending to 
SMB's. That is why more and more business owners are 
turning to alternative finance to grow their companies.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

28



RISK ADDRESSED
Below is a demonstration that FintruX Network has evaluated all risks and concluded 

that the unsecured loan offered to small businesses in this network should enjoy a 
lower rate due to all the risk-reduction mechanisms introduced.

Identity Risk. Only reputable fraud and identity agencies will be allowed to operate on 
FintruX Network.

Credit Risk. This is managed by each credit decision package provided by rated agents 
to a level commensurate with the return. Higher risk higher return.

Risk of loss. This is significantly reduced, if not neutralized, through cascading over 
and cross collateralization as credit enhancers; on top of that third-party guarantors. 5% 
of all tokens have been reserved as a last resort protection to lenders.

Locked-in risk. Liquidity is important to a lender. Lenders can withdraw uncommitted 
funds at any time. For the committed funds, FintruX Network will provide a trading 
platform available to lenders to trade their loans with each other.

Risk of Multiple Borrowing. FintruX Network discourages lending more than the 
borrower can afford. It can be difficult to prevent borrowers from the practice of taking 
loans from different sources within the same period. Some borrowers may also borrow 
from one account to cover another. We will work with partners (credit bureaus, etc.) to 
determine if the same borrowers have other borrowings.

Devaluation Risk. Since collateralization pools are held for the duration of their 
terms in its original currencies and only invest in short term-deposits that match 
the maturity of each obligation, there is no devaluation risk to worry about.

Lack of information risk. Each borrowing is one unique smart contract 
unambiguous, immutable, no arbitration required.

Prepayment Risk. A reasonable fee can be charged by the lenders for each early 
prepayment to compensate for the opportunity loss in interest charges.

Interest Rate Risk. Interest rate risk is the possibility that a fixed-rate debt 
instrument will decline in value as a result of a rise in interest rates. This is out of 
the scope of FintruX Network.

Risk of Delinquency. This risk is mitigated by self-serve refinance option and 
guarantors. Also recommend texting, email, rating, reviews, rewards, late charges 
as tools to deter delinquencies. For small businesses, delinquency will negatively 

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

29



LENDING BEST PRACTICES Now that we are capable of making unsecured loans 
highly secure, the onus is on FintruX Network to 
prevent abuses. These best practices describe how 
we can keep borrowing scam and unreasonable 
lending away from our ecosystem.

In addition to having built-in credit enhancers to 
protect lenders, we perform collection when a loan 
becomes overdue when there is no guarantor. In-
house collection is our first step when a borrower 
misses a payment. We only refer the delinquent 
account to the outside collection agent when all else 
fails. Any recovery amount we receive from the 
collection process are payable to lenders on a pro rata 
basis, subject to a 1.00% service charge, and if 
applicable, an additional collection fee from outside 
collection agent.

In the case of a delinquent/default loan having a local 
guarantor, collection will be performed by the 
guarantor.

Our experience in applying credit enhancements such 
as over & cross-collateralization at below 10% to 
Securitization funding, the cost of fund (interest rate) 
can be typically reduced by 100 basis point. We 
expect guarantor and token collateral reserve should 
triple that.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

30

1. Fraud and Identity Management - all fraud and identity service 
agents will be screened to make sure proper due diligence are 
implemented to prevent fraud and identity scam. For small 
business borrower, not just the business identity will be checked, 
the identity of the business owner will be checked too. In addition, 
the name of the bank account where fund will be transferred must 
match either the owner name or the business name.

2. Credit Score Management - all credit scoring service agents 
will be screened for professionalism. For small business borrowing, 
both business and owner will be credit checked. For example, if the 
borrowing business is a startup, that is, the company is less than 
one (1) year old, the owner must have over 630 FICO score.

3. Credit Decision Management - all credit decision service 
agents will be screened for best practices. In particular every 
decision tables will be checked against empirical quality score 
developed by our in-house experts to ensure they are within 
acceptable deviation from significant errors.

With the above due diligence we trust that we can successfully keep FintruX running as a healthy lending highway 
for all the legitimate participants.



TYPICAL USE CASE 1

Paul, an airline pilot domicile in Toronto Canada, has $500,000 extra savings that he is not planning to spend for a while. He decides to invest that money in a P2P loan, so he signs 
up to FintruX.com stating that he is a lender. He wires the $500,000 into FintruX Network under his name. After selecting two different credit decision packages of different risk 
profiles to split up his funds, he proceeds to pay the equivalent of $20 in FTX for each package to the service agents. The packages also come with recommended reputable fraud, 
identity and credit scoring agents. He signs the power of attorney for FintruX Network to execute lending transactions on his behalf based on the rules defined in those packages. 

Paul is now ready to engage in automated matching to borrowers. Upon successful matching, he will pay a small fee in FTX to F intruX Network.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

31



TYPICAL USE CASE 2

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

32

Jane, the owner of ABC Ltd, a company 
from Vancouver Canada, wants to borrow 
$20,000 to pay for an unbudgeted 
marketing campaign. She requests an 
unsecured loan from FintruX.com. 
Knowing that there is 10% hold-back as 
over-collateralization, she requests the 
amount of $22,000 instead.

She filters through a set of parameters 
including a range of interest rates and the 
number of installment payments she will 
make. After answering some preliminary 
questions, she is pre-approved. To find the 
optimal interest rates she now decides to 
perform a credit check by a scoring agent 
designated by the package she has 
chosen. The equivalent of $1 in FTX goes 
to the fraud and identity agent, the 
equivalent of $2 in FTX goes to the 
scoring agent, paid by Jane.

She finalizes her decision, including 
selecting her favorite lender. The fraud and 
identity agent collects certain information 
and completed the documentation and 
due diligence process. An open-source 
smart contract is generated. She is 
satisfied after reviewing and the smart 
contract is deployed.

Jane is now committed to return a debt of $22,000 in 24 monthly installments of $989.07. $20,000 is on its way to 
-collateralization pool to cover credit/default 

losses. If Jane pays back her loan gracefully over the course of her term, she will receive the held back $2000.



ROADMAP

Q2

Q3

Q4

2
0

1
7

2
0

1
8

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

33

Q1

Q2

Q3

Q4

What we strive to achieve.

Prototype Ready 

Wireframe 
Ready

Partnerships 
Established

Smart Contract 
Open Source

Crowdsale

Team 
Expansion

Alpha Test

Real 
Customers

Beta Test

General 
Availability

Service 
Organization

Marketing

Go to Market

Network 
Development

Scale the 
Platform

Extension

Whitepaper

Website

Ethereum R&D

Dapp R&D

Concept 
Validation

Tokenization

Focused 
Practice

Devcon3 
Meet & Greet



ROADMAP

Q2:
Ethereum R&D. Researched into blockchain technology; taken numerous courses on Smart Contract and 
Solidity development; practiced on Ropsten Testnet and internal private Ethereum Virtual Network.
Dapp R&D. Development team researched and practiced Angular 4, Truffle framework, Metamask, and 
interconnectivity with Smart Contract on private network and Testnet.

Q3:
Concept Validation. The concept of FintruX passed around existing clients and board members of 
Canadian Finance & Leasing Association for validation.
Whitepaper Ready. Documented and published blockchain based financing and automation into 
whitepaper.
Tokenization. Design token utilization practice to the most efficient and effective operation of the FintruX 
platform.

Q4:
Focused Practice. Focus FintruX financing on one specific product 

Wireframe Ready. The functionality of lenders selecting decision package, borrower instant matching, 
credit approval, fraud and identity verification, documents audit, smart contract generation & deployment, 
and funding demonstrated.
Partnerships. Establish relationships with people from the financing and blockchain industry.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

34

What we strive to achieve.

Q1:
Prototype Ready. First prototype comprising basic functionality of the wireframe deployed to Ethereum Testnet.
Open Source. The smart contracts' solidity source code published on Github.
Funding. Crowdsale campaign completed.
Team Expansion. FintruX Network will expand the development team and hire experts in the financing and 
Ethereum blockchain development sectors.

Q2:
Alpha Test. Fully functional version of the prototype deployed to production EVM with added functionality such as 
credit checks and scoring, scheduled payments, fee payments, cross collateralization pool management, end of 
term processing.
Real Customers. 12 borrowers and 6 lenders signed up to use the FintruX alpha on a daily basis. 

Q3:
Beta Test. Extend downstream processes and functionalities added such as guarantor participation, statistics, 
management reports.
Network Development. Platform ready to grow exponentially by adding new participating service agents. 
Service Organization. Support team set up to help participants of our ecosystem.
Marketing. PR, marketing campaign, event participation, and sponsorships established.
General Availability. Initial version available for all participants.

Q4:
Go to Market. Sales and support team established.
Scale the Platform. The platform is tested to serve the masses.
Extension. Extend processes and functionalities such as loan trading interface launched on an incremental basis.

2017 2018



EVOLUTION OF PLATFORM

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

35

Phase I: CREDIT-ENHANCED FINANCING

Using the credit enhancement principles of securitization, we deliver highly secure 
unsecured loans to benefit the small businesses borrowers, accredited investors, and 
financial institutions of the world.

Phase II: ONE WORLD

The interest rate of one country can be as high as 40 times than another. For instance, the prime rate 
of Madagascar can be as high as 60% while Japan can be as low as 1.5% [4].  Though there are 
currency controls, exchange rate risk, and other regulatory and localization issues to resolve, FintruX 
will use its best effort to enable cross-countries financing by partnering with wallets, exchanges, and 
regulatory bodies. Ultimately, small business borrowers from higher rate countries can take 
advantage of lower rates offered by lenders located in lower rate countries.

Phase III: ADDITIONAL ASSET CLASSES

FintruX will invite many innovative asset classes created by other network partners to prosper in this 
ecosystem so it becomes the go-to financing hub of the world. In addition, we will provide a 
trading platform available to lenders to trade their loans to one another.



TOKEN UTILITY
The FTX Token is used to power the FintruX Network 
and works as a means to reward or get rewarded for 
participation in the marketplace. Each activity on the 

ꭍ

FTX is transferred from one participant to another as 
activities are carried out on the FintruX Network. 
FintruX Network will be rewarded a fee subsequent to 
executing these activities.

Ownership of FTX Token carries no rights other than 
the right to exchange and claim over the platform. FTX 
does not represent or confer any ownership right or 
stake, share or security or equivalent rights, 
intellectual property rights or any other form of 
participation relating to the FintruX Network.

Over the course of our operation, we collect FTX 
tokens as fee; FintruX will continuously sell them back 
to participants to maintain the token economy and 
finance the operation.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

36

Our FTX Tokens serve several key functions in our ecosystem:
• Transaction execution reward
• Token collateralization reserve
• Rewards for good behavior

Automated Gas Fee Handling:
Even though the deployment of each smart contract 
is performed by and gas fee paid for by the FintruX 
Network, participants on the FintruX Network are 
required to maintain a small amount of Ether in their 
accounts. These Ether will pay the gas fees charged 
by the Ethereum Virtual Network for the execution of 
the actions within these smart contracts. 

FintruX Network would reimburse these tiny gas 

happen to fall below a required minimum. 
Nevertheless, it is generally a good practice to avoid 
these tiny reimbursements to avoid unnecessary 
increase in block sizes.

Function transfer(address _to, uint256 _value) returns (bool) {
require(canTransferTokens());             // Team tokens lock 1 year
if (_value < token4Gas) {

revert();                                         // do nothing if less than allowed minimum
}
if (balances[msg.sender] >= _value && balances[_to] + _value > balances[_to]) {

balances[msg.sender] = balances[msg.sender].sub(_value);
balances[_to] = balances[_to].add(_value);
Transfer(msg.sender, _to, _value);

// Keep a minimum balance of gas. Won't execute if the account has enough ETH.
if (msg.sender.balance < minGas4Accts) {

// reimburse gas in ETH to keep a minimal balance for next transaction.
if (!msg.sender.send(gas4Token)) {

GasRebateFailed(msg.sender,gas4Token);
}

}
if (_to.balance < minGas4Accts) {

// reimburse gas in ETH to keep a minimal balance for next transaction.
if (_to.send(gas4Token)) {

GasRebateFailed(_to,gas4Token);
}

}
return true;

} else {
revert();                                         // Caller may not check "return false;"

}
}

• Punishment for bad behavior
• Reward for providing information
• Platform access
• API license



POWER OF FTX

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

37

Since the over-
collateralization coverage is 
one-tenth of the loan, it is 
capable of covering one out 
of ten bad loans from the 
same borrower.

The local guarantor is 
responsible for the overflow 
losses arising from 
delinquencies and defaults of 
loans under their protection.

FintruX + Guarantor ProtectionFintruX Protection

Scenario #1: 
No guarantor

Scenario #2: 
Protected by guarantor

FintruX receives FTX tokens as matching fee from both 
borrowers and lenders, generating demand for FTX.

Guarantors receive incentive pay in FTX Tokens, further 
generating demand for FTX.



POWER OF FTX

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

38

Risk-Free Protection 
In this case even if all the 
loans are defaulted, this 
cross-collateralization pool 
can cover all default losses of 
all loans. The risk for the 
lenders is neutralized. 

This can happen in many 
ways including:
1. Wise investment in short 

term-deposits matching the 
maturity of each obligations; 
and

2. Continuous injection of over-
collateralization from new 
loans; and

3. Etc.

In this case, 5% of all FTX 
Tokens has been reserved 
to cover these overflow 
losses when all previous 
cascading credit 
enhancers fail 
unexpectedly.

This is the ultimate 
protection.

Ultimate Protection

Scenario #3: 
Collateralization pools goes up 
10 times in value over the 
term of the loan

Scenario #4: 
Guarantors fail to deliver their promises 
AND there are too many bad loans

FTX demand is directly proportional to the 
number of loans facilitated by FintruX Network.



CROWDSALE FTX will be issued at the start of our sale. Once completed, no further tokens will be generated.
10,000,000 FTX (10% of total supply) will be available to 
contributors in our private sale prior to public pre-sale based 
on a purchase & sales agreement. The unsold FTX during the 
private sale will be available for sale in the public sales.

The team has pre-determined a minimum goal of 5,000 ETH 
that represents the runway necessary for the core FintruX 
platform to be finished and released with minimum 
functionality.

If the minimum goal is not reached by the end of the crowdsale 
duration, all contributed Ether will be marked for refund. 
Anyone who contributed, including those who purchased our 
tokens at presale, will be able to withdraw their Ether from the 
sale contract.

Provided that the minimum goal has been reached, any tokens 
not sold in the crowdsale will be distributed to all contributors.

There are five (5) bonus tiers for the token sale. The distribution 
of each tier is based on a first-come-first-serve basis. Any 
cross-over on multiple tiers will be split accordingly. Early 
purchase will benefit from the highest bonus, which will 
diminish down to 0% bonus at the last tier. The exact bonus 
model can be found on the next page.

All ETH collected in the crowdsale will be directed into multi-
signature cold wallets. 

We shall use our best effort to pay wages to service 
providers in ETH, to pay expenses with ETH, and to hold all 
idle funds in ETH in a 2-of-3 multi-sig wallet indefinitely.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

39

OVERALL HARD CAP: 75,000,000 FTX (25M USD)

HARD CAP:
(OVERALL CAP) (PRE-SALE)

STARTS: 
7th of February 2018 17:00 UTC

ENDS: 
28th of February 2018 17:00 UTC

EXCHANGE: 
Base Price = 1:1500 FTX

CURRENCY: 
ETH

BONUSES:
5%, 2.5%, 1.2%, 0.6%, 0% (Diminishing Incentive Bonuses)

MIN. TRANSACTION AMOUNT:
0.1 ETH

MAX. TRANSACTION AMOUNT:
Unlimited

TOKEN SALE

In the event the soft cap of 8,250,000 FTX (8.25% of total supply) is 
reached, the pre-sale will end 48 hours after.

Users can contribute past the soft cap at the rate of 1 ETH : 1,575 FTX 
until the closing of the presale or the hard cap of 75,000,000 FTX 
(75% of total supply) is reached, whichever is earlier.

In the event that we have raised approximately 25M USD, we will 
prepare to close the crowdsale within 12 hours.

This is to ensure that the 25M valuation of ETH is accounted and a 
stable price of ETH is used. Tokens not sold will be distributed 
proportionally to all contributors on launch of the platform.

SOFT CAP:
5000 ETH 

PRE-SALE STARTS: 

7th of January 2018 17:00 UTC

PRE-SALE ENDS: 
21st of January 2018 17:00 UTC

EXCHANGE: 
1:1650 FTX

CURRENCY: 
ETH

BONUSES:
10%

MIN. TRANSACTION AMOUNT:
0.1 ETH

MAX. TRANSACTION AMOUNT:
Unlimited

PUBLIC PRE-SALE



CROWDSALE Our launching price formula is based on the base price plus five tiers diminishing incentive bonuses 
representing a normal distribution with a standard 
deviation. The base price of FTX is 1,500 per ETH.

The bonus model will follow what has been sold 
during the presale. 

Example: If we sell 5,000 ETH (8,250,000 FTX) during 
the presale, the 1st tier would start at 5,001 ETH and 
add another 2,000 ETH on top of that. The remaining 
FTX at tier 5 will become 29,483,000 FTX. 

Under that scenario, we continue through the tiers 
until the maximum goal of 75,000,000 FTX has been 
sold.

FintruX Network reserves the right to change the 
number of tokens in the tiers before the crowdsale 
begins.

We will be distributing FTX 2 weeks after the 
crowdsale ends. The end of the sale can be triggered 
by:
1. Hitting our hard cap of 75M FTX Sold
2. Reaching the end of the sale period (Feb 28th

17:00 UTC)

Our participants may track their contributions on our 
website after being approved through KYC.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

40

TOKEN SALE BONUS MODEL

Tier # of ETH # of FTX Bonus FTX Per ETH

1 +2,000 +3,150,000 5.0% 1 ETH 1,575 FTX

2 +3,500 +5,383,000 2.5% 1 ETH - 1,538 FTX

3 +7,000 +10,626,000 1.2% 1 ETH - 1,518 FTX

4 +12,000 +18,108,000 0.6% 1 ETH 1,509 FTX

5 Remaining FTX 0% 1 ETH 1,500 FTX



USE OF FUNDS

Use of Funds Token Distribution

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

41

Crowdsale Pool: 
Maximum of 75,000,000 FTX. Funds raised 

during the crowdsale will be used solely for the 
development of the FintruX Network.  

The funding raised through the crowdsale will be used to accelerate 
the building of the FintruX Network to move it from alpha into beta 
and production in partnership with a few financing partners during 

Q2-2018. Pending on the success of the crowdsale, the distribution 
of funds will mainly go towards development, infrastructure and key 

hires such as developers and marketers.

The following distribution of funds is preliminary and can be subject to change.

Core Development 40%: 
Core development will involve 
the development of the 
technology as described in this 
document. This includes: 
proprietary functionality, smart 
contract generation, supporting 
services, decentralized end user 
applications, etc. 

Operational 25%:
This covers the necessary costs incurred for a 
functional system. This includes: hosting and 
infrastructure costs, staffing, outsourcing, 
management and other related expenses. 

Marketing and Sales 25%:
Marketing costs will be used for partnerships development 
and direct marketing. Sales costs will largely be incurred 
by direct P2P sales to small businesses. 

Legal and Compliance 10%: 
There are legal costs associated with privacy 
protection and registrations with regulators. The 
legal costs might vary from region to region. 

FintruX Reserve 10,000,000 FTX: 
This portion will be allocated to reward advisors, 

early adopters, bounty programs and provide 
liquidity to the market if required.

Collateralization Reserve 5,000,000 FTX:
For the unplanned compensation of losses incurred 

by lenders in the case of default.

FintruX Team 10,000,000 FTX: 
This will be allocated to founders and team. Tokens will 

be locked for a 12-month period in a multisig wallet.

We believe in being transparent with our supporters, 
and to that extent we will be releasing a monthly audit 
on how we are using the funds raised to build out our 

ecosystem, make key hires, marketing, etc.



MARKETING STRATEGY

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

42

GO TO MARKET STRATEGY

- Identity Agents
- KYC/AML Agents
- Credit Scoring Agents
- Credit Decision Agents
- Affiliated Marketers
- Accredited Investors
- Financial Institutions

Education
- Whitepaper
- Webinar
- Social Media
- Blogs
- Conferences

- Roadshow
- Reddit
- Quora
- Telegram

Partnership

Marketing
- Social Media
- Facebook
- SEO
- Traditional PR

Public Ecosystem

- Panels
- Influencers
- Word of mouth
- Press & Publications



FOUNDERS

Nelson has successfully delivered numerous enterprise solutions to global organizations such as J.P. Morgan, AT&T Capital, Newcourt Financial, Hydro International, Banco 
Central Hispano, Trans Union, National Leasing, Securcor Financial Group, Spartan Compliance Services, Roynat Capital, Bank of Nova Scotia, Sun Life Assurance, Pacific & 
Western Bank, Versa Bank, Aileron Capital, Beacon Trust, Stonebridge Financial, CWB Maxium Financial, etc..

He was also the creator of applications such as Credit-Link (automated credit adjudication & lease origination), Market-Link (data-mart & pivot tables), LOIS (end-of-lease 
management, collection & accounting), Fast-Credit, and CALMS (web-based version of all the above) in the financing industry. In fact, Nelson Lin built - and the 

- first online credit adjudication software for the asset-based finance and leasing industry in Canada, as mentioned in
Parker and endorsed by the Canadian Finance and Leasing Association (CFLA). In order to communicate with the remote mainframes of the credit bureaus, he simulated 
asynchronous call before it even exists in 1994.

He graduated from the University of Western Ontario with an MBA and B.Sc. Honors in Computer Science, and is one of the first few professionals to have achieved both 
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) and Solution Developer (MCSD) qualifications. Mr. Lin is also a certified Scrum Master, and was formerly trained on the Microsoft 
Solutions Framework (MSF) project management methodology.

Completing a degree specializing in Neuroscience and Psychology from the University of Toronto, Conrad is deeply in tune with social marketing and outreach. Being widely 
travelled, he brings a lot of international experience to the table. He defines long-term marketing goals and short-term tactics, builds key customer relationships, identifies 
business opportunities, negotiates and closes business deals, and maintains extensive knowledge of current market conditions.

Conrad oversees the planning, development and execution of marketing and advertising initiatives. He achieves success through extensive market research, 
product marketing, marketing communications, advertising and public relations. Conrad ensures that message is distributed across channels and to targeted 
audiences in order to build a global brand and meet objectives. 

Nelson Lin
Founder & CEO

Conrad Lin
Co-Founder & CMO

The founders behind it all.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

43



TEAM

Gary Ng
CTO

Aaron Xu
Front End Developer

Philemon Selvaraj
Data Analyst

Douglas Thiessen
Blockchain Developer

The team behind it all.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

44

Gary is a veteran in software development and has been a 
seasoned architect in the financial sector for the past 25 years, 
including some of the top global banks. He is skilled in all major 
programming languages and computing platforms. 

He has been instrumental in turning our low-code development 
platform into a no-code generator for smart contracts. Scalability 
and security is his main focus in designing mission-critical 
architecture as well as delivering cost-effective solutions.

Douglas is a full stack developer on a wide variety of computing 
languages for 12 years, including a full suite of blockchain
technology and Smart Contracts with Solidity. 

Passionate on security and quality, he tests his code extensively 

enables him to evaluate and tackle complex programming 
challenges.

He has formal education and practical training in web 
development and digital design. 

He designs visually stunning user interfaces that integrates 
well with all other software. Aaron is adept at generating 
responsive mission-critical applications with low-code 
technology and designing easy to use mobile applications.

learning, AI, and business intelligence. He brings with him 13 
years of analyst programming experience in the accounting and 
financial sectors.

This list includes mission-critical systems for large fortune 500 
companies. He has both MBA and engineering degrees and 
international experience working for multinational companies.



ADVISORY & PARTNERS

LIST OF ADVISORS AND PARTNERS 
CAN BE FOUND ON

https://www.FintruX.com/#team-section

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

45

https://www.fintrux.com/#team-section


CONCLUSION

FintruX Network is creating a marketplace and automated administration 
platform for credit enhanced financing serving small businesses as borrowers, 
accredited investors and financial institutions as lenders, and specialized 
service agents as partners. 

By disrupting the way financing is being secured, we make borrowing and 
lending a no-brainer for both borrowers and investors. FintruX Network is the 
necessary ecosystem for unsecured loan participants, placing more and more 
freedom in the hands of the people.

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

46



CONTACT

Website: 
www.FintruX.com

Follow us on Twitter: 
@FintruX

On Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/FintruX/

Or contact us via email: 
info@fintrux.com

Talk to us on Telegram: 
https://t.me/FintruX

See our code on Github:
https://github.com/FintruX

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

47

141 Cecil Street #10-01 Singapore 069541

http://www.fintrux.com/
https://www.twitter.com/fintrux
https://www.facebook.com/fintrux/
mailto:info@fintrux.com
https://t.me/FintruX
https://github.com/FintruX


DISCLOSURE

Crowdsale Terms: 
https://www.fintrux.com/home/doc/CrowdsaleTerms.pdf

Terms of Use: 
https://www.fintrux.com/home/doc/TermsOfUse.pdf

Privacy Policy:
https://www.fintrux.com/home/doc/PrivacyPolicy.pdf

Howey Test:
https://www.fintrux.com/home/doc/FintruX_Howey_Test.pdf

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

48

Please note that this document does not constitute to be a prospectus of any sort, is not a solicitation for investment 
or an initial public offering or share/equity offering and does not pertain in any way to an offering of securities in any 
jurisdiction. Any such offer or solicitation will be made only by means of a confidential offering memorandum and in 

accordance with the terms of all applicable securities and other laws. 

https://www.fintrux.com/home/doc/CrowdsaleTerms.pdf
https://www.fintrux.com/home/doc/TermsOfUse.pdf
https://www.fintrux.com/home/doc/PrivacyPolicy.pdf
https://www.fintrux.com/home/doc/FintruX_Howey_Test.pdf


REFERENCES

[1] The Simple Dollar - Best Unsecured Business Loans for 2017: URL:
https://www.thesimpledollar.com/best-unsecured-business-loans/

[2] Wikipedia - Marketplace Lending: URL:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peer-to-peer_lending

[3] Morgan Stanley Global Marketplace Lending: Disruptive Innovation in Financials May 
2015:
https://bebeez.it/wp-content/blogs.dir/5825/files/2015/06/GlobalMarketplaceLending.pdf

[4] Wikipedia List of countries by commercial bank prime lending rates:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_commercial_bank_prime_lending_rate

[5] Deloitte Market Place Lending 101 August 2016:
http://blogs.deloitte.co.uk/financialservices/2016/08/marketplace-lending-101-the-rise-
renaming-and-remodelling.html

[6] Aeideas - Fortune 500 firms 1955 v. 2016: Only 12% remain Dec 2016: 
http://www.aei.org/publication/fortune-500-firms-1955-v-2016-only-12-remain-thanks-to-
the-creative-destruction-that-fuels-economic-prosperity/

[7] Reuters - Global debt markets April 2017: 
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-emerging-markets-iif-idUSKBN1752F8

[8] The Guardian Rise in credit card default rate adds to concerns over household finances 
July 2017:
https://www.theguardian.com/money/2017/jul/13/rise-in-credit-card-default-rate-adds-to-
concerns-over-household-finances

[9] Bloomberg Mar 2017:
https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-03-16/uber-needs-to-get-real-about-that-69-
billion-price-tag

[10] Marketwatch Mar 2017:
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/new-funding-round-pushes-airbnbs-value-to-31-billion-
2017-03-09

[11] CNBC - Another industry Amazon plans to crush is small-business lending
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/16/amazon-plans-to-crush-small-business-lending.html

[12] Ethdocs Web 3.0: A Platform for Decentralized Apps 2017:
http://ethdocs.org/en/latest/introduction/web3.html

[13] 15IQ - -sided Markets (Platforms) October 2016:
https://25iq.com/2016/10/22/a-dozen-things-ive-learned-about-multi-sided-markets-platforms/

[14] FitSmallBusiness Best Unsecured Business Loans for Small Businesses 2017:
https://fitsmallbusiness.com/best-unsecured-business-loans/

©2017 FintruX.com. All rights reserved.

49

https://www.thesimpledollar.com/best-unsecured-business-loans/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peer-to-peer_lending
https://bebeez.it/wp-content/blogs.dir/5825/files/2015/06/GlobalMarketplaceLending.pdf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_commercial_bank_prime_lending_rate
http://blogs.deloitte.co.uk/financialservices/2016/08/marketplace-lending-101-the-rise-renaming-and-remodelling.html
http://www.aei.org/publication/fortune-500-firms-1955-v-2016-only-12-remain-thanks-to-the-creative-destruction-that-fuels-economic-prosperity/
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-emerging-markets-iif-idUSKBN1752F8
https://www.theguardian.com/money/2017/jul/13/rise-in-credit-card-default-rate-adds-to-concerns-over-household-finances
https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-03-16/uber-needs-to-get-real-about-that-69-billion-price-tag
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/new-funding-round-pushes-airbnbs-value-to-31-billion-2017-03-09
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/16/amazon-plans-to-crush-small-business-lending.html
http://ethdocs.org/en/latest/introduction/web3.html
https://25iq.com/2016/10/22/a-dozen-things-ive-learned-about-multi-sided-markets-platforms/
https://fitsmallbusiness.com/best-unsecured-business-loans/

