











































FortKnoxster Whitepaper


FORTKNOXSTER 
WHITEPAPER 
Encryption-as-a-Service.  

Version 1.3 ● 09 March 2018 

 

    

 

“If you spend more on coffee than on IT security,  

you will be hacked for sure.” 
 

Quote: Richard Clarke, US Government cyber-security expert.   



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

1 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

© 2017. All rights reserved. 

  

Disclaimer 

The information provided in this document is provided "as is" without warranty of any 

kind. In no event shall we nor our advisors be liable for any damages whatsoever 

including direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, loss of business profits or special 

damages, even if we or our advisors have been advised of the possibility of such 

damages.  

Document lifetime 

We may occasionally update online documentation between releases of the related 

software. Consequently, if this document was not downloaded recently, it may not 

contain up-to-date information. Please refer to FortKnoxster.com for the most current 

information. 

Product information — For documentation, release notes, software updates, or for 

information about products, licensing, and service, please refer to FortKnoxster.com. 

Technical support — For technical support, please refer to FortKnoxster.com and select 

Support. On the Support page you will see several options, including one for making a 

request.   

Your comments  

We value your opinion. Suggestions will help us continue to improve the accuracy, 

organization and overall quality of the user publications, so please feel free to email 

hello@FortKnoxster.com with any queries. 

If you have comments or questions about specific information or procedures, please 

include the title and, if available, the revision, the page numbers, and any other details 

that will help us locate the subject that you are addressing. 

Trademarks 

FortKnoxster is a pending reg. trademark of FortKnoxster Ltd. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

mailto:hello@FortKnoxster.com


FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

2 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

 

Table of Contents 
 

Executive Summary ............................................................................................................... 3 

Introduction ............................................................................................................................ 4 

Challenge ............................................................................................................................... 5 

What is FortKnoxster? ............................................................................................................ 7 

Our Mission Statement ........................................................................................................ 11 

Why Use Encryption? .......................................................................................................... 12 

Why Use blockchain? ......................................................................................................... 13 

Our Technology ................................................................................................................... 14 

The Token Ecosystem .......................................................................................................... 19 

Token Sale Offering ............................................................................................................. 21 

FortKnoxster Roadmap ....................................................................................................... 24 

Our Team .............................................................................................................................. 25 

Final Words ........................................................................................................................... 29 

Appendix 1: Technology Overview .................................................................................. 30 

Appendix 2: The Upcoming GDPR Law ............................................................................ 39 

Appendix 3: Terms of Service ............................................................................................. 41 

Appendix 4: Privacy Policy ................................................................................................. 45 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

3 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Executive Summary 
Our world is changing faster than ever and it’s hard to keep up with new 

trends, buzz-words, and emerging technologies. The use of the blockchain 

technology is at an all-time-high. The number of different crypto currencies 

are now counted in the thousands, when it comes to different tokens, coins, 

digital assets or whatever one chooses to call them.  

Unfortunately, the rate of cyber-crimes is also at an all-time-high and being 

online has never been as unsafe as now. Hacks, mass-surveillance 

espionage, virus, malware, espionage, phishing, extortion… the list of 

attacks is long and it keeps growing day by day, as the attackers are 

getting more sophisticated, aggressive and creative. 

FBI states that we have entered a cyber-crime epidemic and that cyber-

crimes have surpassed “normal” old-school crimes - both in force and 

damage. 

The team behind FortKnoxster, who are experienced cyber-security and 

crypto engineers, has spent over 3 years developing a “Fort Knox” of an 

end-to-end encrypted communication platform.  

"FortKnoxster has leveraged the use of the blockchain and 

sophisticated end-to-end encryption techniques into a user 

friendly all-in-one communication platform, where users can 

communicate privately and safely, be it through inbox, chat, 

phone/video calls, file-storage etc. FortKnoxster eliminates the 

risk of hacks, cyber-threats and centralised government 

surveillance." 

FortKnoxster is the world’s first turnkey peer-to-peer encrypted 

communication platform and can in short be described as:  

“Telegram on steroids” 

FortKnoxster is all you need to communicate, interact and work safely in an 

online world dominated by growing cyber-crimes. 

FortKnoxster is one of the few token sales backed by a working product. 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

4 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Introduction 
FortKnoxster is a cyber-security company, specialized in developing secure 

and encrypted communication solutions. The company has developed a 

unique encryption platform, which is primarily aimed at the B2C market.  

The platform comes as an E-a-a-S solution (Encryption-as-a-Service). 

FortKnoxster has been designed with a unique architecture and features, 

which enables everybody to use our platform for all their communications 

and data-storage needs.  

FortKnoxster addresses one of the biggest challenges in our modern society;  

To protect communications and data from cyber-criminals - and at the 

same time maintain a very high level of privacy. 

New complex regulations, increasing adoption of new technologies (IoT, 

BYOD, cloud-services etc.) have fuelled the need for enhanced security 

and encryption more than ever. The new laws and regulations are very 

strict, and FortKnoxster offers one of the best “plug-and-play” solutions to 

comply with most of these new laws.  

FortKnoxster can be used by anyone at any time, regardless of you being on 

a laptop/desktop or on-the-go with your smartphone or tablet. 

The FortKnoxster platform has been penetration tested by a range of good 

(and bad) hackers and “cypherpunks” worldwide - and has “passed its 

exam”, as nobody has managed to compromise our platform in any way or 

access any end-to-end encrypted accounts or content.  

“Encryption should be enabled for everything by default, not a 

feature you turn on only if you're doing something you consider 

worth protecting. Encryption is the most important privacy-

preserving technology we have.” 

Quote; Bruce Schneier, American cryptographer, computer security professional, privacy specialist 

and writer. 

  



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

5 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Challenge 
Online connection is now essential for almost everybody, creating new 

opportunities for innovation, interaction with friends and business partners - 

and global growth. 

Cyber-crime, cyber-criminals and their tools are becoming more diverse 

and sophisticated. Cyber-crime now comes in a variety of forms, and unless 

consumers, businesses, and governments act now, cyber-crimes could 

threaten the fundament of our society in many devastating ways.  

In the near future, as ubiquitous computing technology pervades more of 

our lives, these threats will grow. The intuitive interfaces that we increasingly 

value – and depend on – are often where all the problems arise. 

Using the Internet and communicating online, has never been as unsafe as 

now - and it gets worse every day. Hackers pose a huge threat with cyber-

crime forecast to cost over $3 trillion by 2019, according to Juniper 

Research.  

“Cyber-crime is the greatest threat to every company in 

the world” 

Quote: IBM CEO Ginni Rometty 

Today’s cyber-criminals are often highly motivated professionals, well-funded 

by competing enterprises, criminal organizations or nation-states, which are 

persistent in their efforts to break through and damage the opponent as 

much as possible. 

According to a fresh PWC survey, both small and large enterprises have seen 

a sharp rise in online security breaches, reporting that over 80% of enterprises 

and SMEs suffered a security breach last year. Most executive respondents 

expect that there will be more security incidents ahead and there is “no 

good news” when talking about cyber-security (or lack of) in the future.  

Also, the cost of the actual breaches continues to soar and has more than 

doubled in one year. An average enterprise with 500 employees, which 

experience an online security breach, ends up with a net bill of over 3.5 

million USD in lost sales, business disruption, recovery of assets, loss of clients, 

fines & compensations, etc. And adding to this is the damaged image and 

humiliation.  



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

6 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

In the last few years we have heard much about the power of big data, 

which is allowing companies to offer more tailored, targeted and 

personalised products and services than ever before. The benefit of this to 

the consumer may be obvious, but it raises many ethical questions, and not 

just when personal data is in the hands of unscrupulous businesses.  

It’s been clear for some time that data laws (or lack of) did damage 

consumers and their privacy and has resulted in the enforcement of the 

GDPR law. (General Data Protection Regulation). The law aims to give 

citizens more control over their data and to create a uniformity of rules to 

enforce across the continent. The huge challenges for most companies are 

now, how to comply with this new rather strict law which kicks in on the 25th 

May 2018. 

Some of the biggest companies of our time like Google and Facebook have 

been created by gathering and using user data of its users to advertise to 3rd  

Parties. Everything you do or say inside these platforms gets recorded, 

stored, analysed and the main point of having you there, is to make money 

on your profile and whereabouts. 

Add to this the general mass surveillance by most governments tracking and 

logging everything you do online 24/7 – and stores it forever. And even more 

intimidating – these government servers get hacked all the time so your 

data is in the hands of criminals… 

Needless to say, there are many potential dangers (and ethical issues) 

associated with the proliferation of digital profiling, from hacking, to 

discrimination, to an Orwellian surveillance state. There’s a big difference 

between what companies could and should know. 

Online activity leaves footprints -- log files, access entries or data that is 

created in the systems they used. Once these privacy controls are rolled 

back, Internet Service Providers will be able to sell the information they 

capture about how you and your patrons use the Internet.  

The loss of online privacy is making it a lot easier for IT-criminals as those 

giant companies on a regular basis get hacked and all (your) data are now 

in the hands of potential hostile organisations or people who seek to profit 

from your data.  

Although we can all find ways to protect ourselves, the only real way to 

avoid the tracking and “stealing” of our data is to stop using these free 

services altogether and protect our communications with end-to-end 

encryption like FortKnoxster. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

7 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

What is FortKnoxster? 
FortKnoxster is a one-stop communication, collaboration and file storage 

platform.  

Think of it as a mix of all your favorite (unsecure) everyday apps like Skype, 

Slack, Telegram, Dropbox, Facetime, Gmail etc. - all gathered in one top 

secure platform with the highest privacy you can achieve. 

The above-mentioned conventional apps are great, but they often come 

with many security challenges. First of all, as these services are free, “you are 

the product” meaning, all your data and communication are being read, 

stored, sold – and often hacked where they are stored. There is absolutely 

no privacy as most of these companies’ business models is to generate as 

much income as possible from selling (your) data to the highest 3. party 

bidder.  

FortKnoxster is your safe alternative, as we can’t (nor can’t anybody else) 

read your data or communications at all, because it is end-to-end 

encrypted. Even if we could, our business model is exactly the opposite as 

most others, we are in the business of protecting your data, not selling it to 

the highest bidder. 

FortKnoxster is extremely easy to use as it requires no extra plug-in 

instalments what so ever. Users are literally up running within minutes and 

can start to enjoy the extreme safety level and intuitive interface.  

It is also easy to invite friends, family or business-partners into the platform. 

FortKnoxster was designed to be used by everyone and hence there is no 

need for technical knowledge in order to use the platform. 

If you want to try a free demo of FortKnoxster, please click here. 

 

 

 

 

 

https://demo.fortknoxster.com/register


FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

8 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

 

FortKnoxster Main Features: 

• Inbox 

Messages are end-to-end encrypted and as secure as it gets. Send 

messages to colleagues, clients and business partners with peace of mind. 

• Distributed File Storage 

Store your valuable data encrypted – and make sure it stays yours. Easy to 

share and manage files and folders seamlessly. 

• Chat 

Real-time secure chat for fast and instant communications. Comes with 

voice messages, group chat and much more. 

• Calling 

Secure calling without snooping from competitors or external surveillance. 

The most private calling you can get on both web and mobile. 

• Group Calling/Conferencing 

Collaborate securely by chatting, calling, sharing files etc., via the group 

conferencing feature – work smarter and more secure. 

• Screen Sharing 

We have developed encrypted screen-sharing as an extra valuable tool to 

collaborate securely with partners and other 3rd parties. 

• Voice Messages 

Send quick voice messages without calling. Saves time and the feature is 

available both on web and app platforms. 

• Intuitive Dashboard 

The dashboard gives users a total overview of all communications and data.   

Please see next page for dashboard and app images. 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

9 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

FortKnoxster Main Dashboard 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

10 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

FortKnoxster Mobile App 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our iOS and Android apps will be launched January 2018. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

11 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Our Mission Statement 
 

 

“FortKnoxster will be the safest 

communication and data storage 

platform ever built... 

- and eventually be the nightmare of 

any hacker, spy or other IT-criminal “ 

 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

12 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Why Use Encryption? 
The word encryption comes from the Greek word “kryptos”, meaning 

“hidden” or “secret”. Encryption is used to enhance security levels to the 

highest possible. The use of encryption is nearly as old as the art of 

communication itself. As early as 1900 BC, an Egyptian scribe used non-

standard hieroglyphs to hide the meaning of an inscription. 

Encryption is a way to maximize the security of i.e. an email message, chat 

message, call or file by “scrambling” the contents. 

Encryption is basically a process/method of encoding messages or 

information in such a way that only authorized parties can read it. 

Encryption is a safe way for enterprises and military to communicate 

privately and securely, without others (i.e. competitors) being able to follow 

or spy on the communications. 

Encryption is also the primary tool that protects the communications of 

anyone from big companies and governments to small businesses and 

lawyers to regular citizens. Encryption protects infrastructures of entire 

countries – communications, power, transportation and healthcare systems, 

and businesses. 

As we eagerly moved into the era of smart, connected devices, encryption 

(if used) protects our phone calls, text messages, emails, and cloud storage. 

With the advent of the Internet of Things, security experts call for the 

implementation of strong encryption in the IoT products, which, when left 

unattended, could cause chaos to individual households and larger 

infrastructures. 

When you hear the word encryption, the first thing that might come to mind 

is that it’s something only techies or geeks would understand, or use. In 

reality, the idea of encryption isn't that complicated at all and our platform 

has made it very easy to use encryption.  

Encryption is the best method to safeguard your privacy. 

Cryptographer and security and privacy specialist Bruce Schneier states:  

“Encryption should be enabled for everything by default, not a feature you 

only turn on when you’re doing something you consider worth protecting.” 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

13 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Why Use blockchain? 
A blockchain is a decentralized and open distributed ledger, recording 

financial transactions (or virtually anything of value) between two parties, on 

a peer-to-peer network. This continuously growing list of records is linked and 

secured with strong cryptography, making these transactions permanently 

verifiable and therefore incorruptible.    

 “blockchain solves the problem of manipulation” 

Quote: Vitalik Buterin, inventor of Ethereum 

Since the blockchain is public verifiable, it provides such security and 

transparency that makes it ideal for many types of security applications. 

FortKnoxster take advantage of these features which the blockchain 

technology provides, by moving its centralized trust of digital identities to a 

decentralized one, specifically the Ethereum blockchain, using its smart 

contracts. 

Trust is of vital importance and is the most important elements in any crypto 

infrastructure. The current model of trust for digital identities in FortKnoxster is 

centralized. This centralized trust model is a common challenge today, as it 

becomes a single point of failure. 

“Centralizing identity creates a single point of failure and builds a 

repository of high value data that can attract hackers, and 

proper controls need to be in place to maintain integrity.” 

Quote: IBM blockchain IDC report, "It Was Only a Matter of Time”. 

The distributed trust model, utilizing blockchain, is a new way of managing 

digital identities where the blockchain technology empowers users to 

control their own digital identity and share and communicate between 

trusted individuals with their consent.  Therefore, no single entity can 

compromise a user’s digital identity and there is no single point of failure 

present. 

Besides implementing a secure and decentralized trust model of 

FortKnoxster’s encrypted digital identities (the public keys); FortKnoxster will 

also build a complete ecosystem using the FKX token and smart contracts 

on the Ethereum blockchain to facilitate secure transactions of subscription 

services and incentives to participants.  



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

14 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Our Technology 
The following is a technical explanation of FortKnoxster’s end-to-end 

encryption and describe in detail the crypto designs and security using the 

Ethereum blockchain with smart contracts and a decentralized trust of 

digital identities. A more detailed description is to be found in the Appendix 

section. 

FortKnoxster is a secure web and native app communication and 

collaboration platform, which enables users to exchange messages and files 

(including mails, attachments, chats, group chats, calls, documents, images, 

videos, voice messages, video messages, and files) securely using strong 

end-to-end encryption. 

At FortKnoxster, security and privacy has the highest priority. This is why we 

have built the FortKnoxster encryption, privacy and secure architectures by 

design. Unlike most other online businesses, it is our main goal to protect our 

users’ privacy, which we are very proud of. 

The figure below illustrates how the end-to-end encryption happens 

between two users, through the FortKnoxster servers on the TLS encrypted 

connection between the browser clients and the server.  

 

Appendix 1 describes in detail how the inbox and chat message exchange, 

file storage and calling occur and what crypto operations are involved.  

FortKnoxster has its own public key infrastructure (PKI), which extends to the 

Ethereum blockchain. In the blockchain the user’s digital identity gets stored 

in a registry, using smart contracts and cannot get compromised by a single 

entity, not even by the FortKnoxster team. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

15 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

When a user registers on FortKnoxster.com - four sets of RSA key-pairs are 

generated, two sets of elliptic curve (EC) key-pairs and 6 Key Protector(s) 

(one per private key) in the client’s browser.  

These encryption and identity key-pairs are used for different services and 

protocols. Unlike other known encryption protocols, each of FortKnoxter’s 

services or protocols needs two sets of key-pairs, one for encryption and 

decryption and one for signing and verification. 

The key protector is used to encrypt/wrap each private key which is only 

known to the user. 

The user’s plain password is used to form two passwords in the client, the 

account password, and the root key.  

Please note: The user’s plain password is only known to the user and it is very 

important to understand that the user’s plain password and the root key are 

never ever sent to the servers.  

The account password is a cryptographic hash of the plain password using 

the PBKDF2 algorithm with SHA-256 as the hashing algorithm, which performs 

10000 rounds of hashing operations (key stretching) and takes the 

username@domain as a salt. The outcome is a strong password, which is 

sent to the server and stored as another cryptographic hash using the 

BCRYPT key derivation function. This password is only used to authenticate 

the user and cannot decrypt any of the users’ data. 

The root key is computed the exact same way as the account password, 

but takes a randomly generated salt, and therefore is a completely different 

password. The root key forms a 32-byte AES key which is used to 

encrypt/wrap a Key Protector with AES-KW. 

At this point each RSA and EC private key are encrypted/wrapped with AES-

GCM with the 32-byte Key Protector, which is locked by the 32-byte root 

key, each forming a key container. All the public keys and protected key 

containers are sent to the server during the registration, along with the user 

details, account password and digital identity.  

The digital identity is constructed like this (in the client browser): 

digital identity = User ID + Signature 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

16 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Where the Signature is computed like this: 

Signature = SIGN(User ID + Public Key Fingerprint, Private Identity Key) 

A separate session is established to the FortKnoxster server, where a 

blockchain client node runs. The node receives the digital identity from the 

user and creates a new transaction on the blockchain containing the digital 

identity to store it in the smart contract registry. 

 

The above figure illustrates, a newly signed up user Alice, setting up its digital 

identity. The figure also illustrates, the retrieval of Bob’s digital identity for 

verification, before any encrypted communication link can be established. 

Bob will also have done this verification of Alice’s digital identity 

beforehand. 

 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

17 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

The FortKnoxster services consume a lot of storage, such as files, message 

attachments and file-transfers. 

FortKnoxster's entire storage infrastructure will be built in a decentralized 

distributed storage on a P2P network using the well-known IPFS. Users can 

rent their hard disk(s) and earn FKX tokens on storage usage and bandwidth 

usage. 

This is the equivalent of crypto-currency mining, but instead of using the 

CPU/GPU to mine blocks, available hard disk storage is used to allocate 

storage. 

To become a storage miner, 3 easy steps are required: 

1) Install the storage miner desktop or console software, which will be 

available for Mac/Linux/Windows. 

2) Provide an ERC20 token pay-out wallet address to receive payments in 

FKX. 

3) Select disk location and how much storage you can spare. 

Removing centralized storage servers reduces storage cost and improves 

access speed and reliability. All encrypted files are spread across multiple 

nodes and replicated multiple times. No single host holds any significant 

piece of a file or any complete file. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

18 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

 

FortKnoxster provides a decentralized distributed storage P2P network, 

where all files are end-to-end encrypted using keys that only the uploader 

holds. 

The FortKnoxster users will upload files and attachments from the web 

interface and from the apps, and these encrypted files will be spread out on 

the decentralized storage, consisting of all the FKX storage miners, with a fair 

balanced distribution. 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

19 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

The Token Ecosystem 
The FortKnoxster token (FKX) will be used for purchasing various services and 

for incentivizing users for different rewards achieved.  

The FKX token will have a clear and important usage in our application, as a 

means of both incentivizing further development and securing our ability run 

and market FortKnoxster worldwide. The FKX token serves the purpose of 

being required in order to use FortKnoxster. 

A fixed supply for FKX will be created during the token sale (135 Mill.) A 

ledger on the blockchain will be created maintaining the FKX token, 

following the ERC20 standard and allowing a secure mechanism for 

transferring FKX to other participants. 

Users on FortKnoxster who own FKX tokens, will be able to purchase service 

subscriptions such as: 

• Encrypted Storage 

Signing up to FortKnoxster is free and the limited free encrypted 

storage will be allocated. To increase the encrypted storage the user 

will purchase credits for fixed amounts with the FKX token. 

FortKnoxster will in the future also introduce other services and subscription 

to be exchanged for FKX tokens. 

To further contribute to the FKX ecosystem, incentive earning-plans will be 

launched - such as:  

• Rent Hard Drive 

Users get rewarded in FKX token for renting out their hard disk space 

as part of FortKnoxster’s decentralized storage. 

• Referral 

Users get rewarded with a fixed FKX token amount, by inviting other 

users to the platform. 

• Loyalty 

Users get rewarded with FKX tokens, when using the various services 

based on a usage formula reaching different user levels. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

20 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

• Token Sale Bounty 

During the token sale period, FKX tokens will be rewarded to our 

community users who are actively participating in our bounty 

program. More information can be found on BitcoinTalk. 

• Bug Bounty 

Users can also get rewarded with FKX tokens by submitting valid 

security reports of the bug with PoC (Proof of Concept). This bounty 

reward system also works for existing white-hat hackers participating in 

our bounty program, by referencing the submitted report and user 

profile. 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

21 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Token Sale Offering 
 

 

 

  

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

22 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

1 USD = 5.25 FKX. The ETH/FKX rate will be published on our website. It will be 

locked 4-6 hours before the crowd sale starts. 

Name, address and email will be required from all participants contributing 

to the FKX sale. Participants will be asked to confirm they are eligible under 

the terms of service. 

IMPORTANT INFO: FortKnoxster will NEVER solicit payments via Telegram nor 

any other media and/or sites.  

The address for the token sale will be published only on the FortKnoxster 

official website – https://fortknoxster.com. 

No other site will officially publish the token sale address. NEVER send any 

ETH to addresses taken from anywhere else other that the FortKnoxster 

official website. 

All FKX distributed to the founders and the company will be time locked by 

12 months. After the token sale has finalized, all remaining tokens that were 

not sold (and were eligible) in the crowd sale will be burned automatically in 

the Ethereum smart contract. Exactly 1 week after the crowd sale has 

ended, the FKX tokens will become transferable. 

The tokens will be distributed by the latest of February 18th. The bonus tokens 

(not the base tokens), will be locked 4 months from delivery. 

Community incentives examples: Community rewards, airdrops, bounties, 

competitions, dedicated contributors, Bancor liquidity pool and alike. 

Residents of the United States and Singapore cannot participate in the 

FortKnoxster token sale and token distribution. 

You can participate in the FortKnoxster token sale if you are neither a US and 

Singapore citizen nor permanent resident of the United States or Singapore, 

nor have a primary residence or domicile in the United States and Singapore, 

including Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands and any other territories of the 

United States. 

 

 

 

 

https://fortknoxster.com/


FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

23 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

 

 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

24 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

FortKnoxster Roadmap 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

25 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Our Team 

   

Eddy De Heij 

CEO 

Eddy is an expert in digital media, 

marketing, big-data and branding. 

Eddy, who is Dutch, also has vast 

entrepreneurial experience and is an 

investor, advisor, speaker, author and 

blockchain enthusiast. 

Mickey Joe Nathan Johnnysson 

CTO & Co-Founder 

A strong analytical mindset has 

served Mickey well in his 15+ years as 

a full-stack software developer. His 

major passions are computer 

engineering, crypto and Blockchain. 

  

René Krainert 

CFO 

René has been an accountant and 

financial controller for almost 20 years. 

He has a strong background within 

finance and accounting, both as a 

hands-on controller, strategic planner 

and Excel guru. 

Emin Roblack 

Head of Design 

In need of creation? Emin is your 

man. With a penchant for design, 

graphics and animations, he has 

an imitable talent for converting 

simple ideas into complex 

graphics. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

26 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

  

  

Aram Ispiryan 

Lead iOS Developer 

Backed by a master’s in Computer 

Science, Aram provides an innovative 

approach to communication. His main 

strengths lie in iOS systems using real time 

audio/video and chat applications. 

Armen Sisakyan 

Lead Android Developer 

Armen brings Android development 

to the highest level of quality and 

performance. He has a deep 

understanding of communication 

protocols serving millions of users in a 

high availability mode. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

27 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

ADVISORS 

  

David Orban 

Blockchain Expert 

David is an entrepreneur, author, 

blogger, keynote speaker, and thought 

leader of the global technology 

landscape. His entrepreneurial 

accomplishments span several 

companies founded and grown over 

more than twenty years. 

Henok Tekle 

Blockchain Expert 

Henok (Hen) Tekle is a prominent 

cryptocurrency angel investor, content 

creator, thought leader, and advisor to 

token projects. Hen is a frequent 

attendee and speaker at Blockchain 

gatherings and has also founded and 

managed several cryptocurrency 

communities. 

 

  

Stig Abildsø 

Entrepreneur & Investor 

Stig has built several Danish companies 

from scratch to successful exits within 

the IT sector. The ultimate entrepreneur. 

Michael Vivet 

Senior IT Consultant 

Michael is assisting with strategical and 

tactical counselling, as well as 

backend and service development. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

28 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

 

 

Carlos Benvenuti 

Entrepreneur & Investor 

Carlos has been in the crypto space for 

several years. He is a professional 

coach, advisor and investor. 

 

 

 

 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

29 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Final Words 
 

 

FortKnoxster is founded by Danish entrepreneurs and cyber-security experts, 

with an extensive experience in the field of online security and cyber-

defence. The founders have already established proof of concept. 

The FortKnoxster platform has huge, scalable worldwide potential. It is the 

world’s first end-to-end encryption platform, offering turnkey encryption with 

a large suite of features including Blockchain implementation. 

The combination of our team, business model, the extremely scalable 

market potential and the rising cyber-security demand from both individuals 

and enterprises, will make FortKnoxster a market-leading player within the 

cyber-security field. 

By utilizing our advanced cryptographic solutions combined with the power 

of the blockchain’s decentralized structure, FortKnoxster will help make the 

world a safer place – and we will dominate the global encryption market by 

being the “go-to” encryption solution anywhere – and for everybody.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

30 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Appendix 1: Technology 

Overview 
Key Terms 

Below is the list of key terms used throughout the technology explanations.  

All key materials are generated using a CSPRNG (Cryptographically Secure 

Pseudo-Random Number Generator) seeded with high-quality entropy as 

truly random values using the operating system's entropy source. 

• account password – Password based derived key used for 

authentication using the PBKDF2 algorithm with SHA-256 as the 

hashing algorithm and seeded with salt. 

• root key – Password based derived key using the PBKDF2 algorithm 

with SHA-256 as the hashing algorithm and seeded with a random 

salt. The derived key is used for encrypting and decrypting a Key 

Protector using AES 256-bit in KW mode. 

• User ID – A self-generated unique identifier to identify a user in the 

FortKnoxster system and on the blockchain. 

• Public Key Fingerprint – A unique cryptographic hash of the user’s 

public keys used to form the digital identity on the blockchain. 

• digital identity – A key/value record stored on the blockchain 

containing the User ID and a digital signature of the User ID and the 

Public Key Fingerprint.  

• Private Encryption Key – Private key used for decryption using RSA-

OAEP 2048-bit algorithm scheme with SHA-256 as the hashing 

algorithm. 

• Private Identity Key – Private key used for digitally signing an 

encrypted message, using RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5 2048-bit algorithm 

scheme with SHA-256 as the hashing algorithm. 

• Public Encryption Key – Public key used for AES key encryption using 

RSA-OAEP 2048-bit algorithm scheme with SHA-256 as the hashing 

algorithm. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

31 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

• Public Identity Key – Public key used for message signature verification 

using RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5 2048-bit algorithm scheme with SHA-256 as 

the hashing algorithm. 

• Key Protector – Random generated 32-byte key used for 

encrypting/wrapping and decryption/unwrapping a private key using 

AES 256-bit encryption in GCM mode. 

• key container – A flexible crypto box container structure to hold an 

encrypted/wrapped private key with its Key Protector(s). 

• Message Key – Random generated 32-byte one-time key used for 

message and file encryption and decryption using AES 256-bit 

encryption in CBC mode or GCM mode.  

• Group Key – Random generated 32-byte session key used for 

encryption and decryption of group message using AES 256-bit 

encryption in GCM mode. 

Key Pairs 

The RSA key-pairs used for encryption and decryption, each consists of a 

Public Encryption Key and a Private Encryption Key and uses the RSA-OAEP 

2048-bit algorithm scheme with SHA-256 as the hashing algorithm. 

The RSA key-pairs used for signing and verification, each consist of a Public 

Identity Key and a Private Identity Key and uses the RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5 

2048-bit algorithm scheme with SHA-256 as the hashing algorithm. 

The EC key pair used for deriving a shared secret key in a key agreement 

consists of a public and a private key and uses the ECDH P521-bit algorithm. 

The EC key pair used for signing and verification consists of a Public Identity 

Key and a Private Identity Key and uses the ECDSA P521-bit algorithm. 

Contacts & Key Exchange 

A common problem in encryption systems, is the secure key exchange of 

public keys between users, making sure that the obtained key indeed 

belongs to the intended recipient. 

FortKnoxster protects against such potential Man-In-The-Middle (MITM) 

attacks, by leveraging on the blockchain technology in conjunction with a 

self-signed contact list. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

32 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

A user can invite other users into the platform or connect with any existing 

users on the platform. 

Each user keeps a contact list where each contact record is digitally signed 

with the user’s Private Identity Key and contains all the contact details such 

as name, user id and the public keys. The contact gets signed during a 

contact request/accept process. This process involves retrieving the 

contact’s digital identity from the blockchain and verify it in the client by 

computing the same Public Key Fingerprint from the contacts public keys 

and then verify the Signature with the contact’s Public Identity Key. 

Once the contact is verified, it is then signed and added to the user’s own 

contact list. From then on, the user can trust this contact and will verify the 

contact before using its public keys to exchange messages, files or calls.  

Should the contact verification fail, the message exchange with that 

contact is not carried out and the user is alerted with a warning. 

Message Exchange 

When a user sends an inbox or chat message to another user, the following 

happens in the sending user’s client: 

1. If there were any attachments, they have already each been 

encrypted with its own generated Message Key and a Mac of the 

encrypted file has been taken using the HMAC algorithm with SHA-256 

and the file’s Message Key. And at this point, the encrypted 

attachments have already been uploaded the servers and a unique 

id has been assigned to each attachment. 

2. A new Message Key for the message object is then generated.  

3. The plain message with any attachments meta-data, attachments 

Message Key's, attachments HMAC signatures and attachments IDs 

are encrypted with the message's Message Key. 

4. The ciphertext (encrypted message) is signed using the sending user’s 

Private Identity Key. 

a. Before signing the ciphertext, the Private Identity Key is first 

decrypted with the user’s Key Protector which was decrypted in 

the browser client with the root key and stored in the browser’s 

session storage when the user logged in.  



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

33 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

5. The Message Key used to encrypt the message is then encrypted 

using the receiving user’s Public Encryption Key. 

a. If a message has multiple recipients this process in 5) is repeated 

with each recipient’s Public Encryption Key. 

6. The encrypted message, the message signature, and the encrypted 

recipient keys are then sent to the servers where they are stored.  

7. Before storing the message, the server application verifies each 

message in case of message tampering. This is done using the sending 

user’s Public Identity Key. 

When a user receives a new inbox or chat message, the following happens 

in the receiving user’s browser client: 

1. The signature of the encrypted message is verified with the sending 

user’s Public Identity Key.  

2. The encrypted Message Key is then decrypted with the user’s Private 

Encryption Key. 

a. Before decrypting the ciphertext, the Private Encryption Key is 

first decrypted with the user’s Key Protector which was 

decrypted in the browser client with the root key and stored in 

the browser’s session storage when the user logged in. 

3. The retrieved Message Key is then used to decrypt the encrypted 

message. 

4. If there were any attachments the receiving user can download each 

encrypted attachment which will be verified for integrity with HMAC-

SHA256 using the Message Key and then decrypted using the same 

Message Key. 

Group chat messaging is designed to handle a lot of members and a large 

amount of group chat messages. This is achieved with a server-side fan-out, 

which means a user sends a single message to the server and the server 

sends a copy of the message to each group member. This design transmits 

as little data as possible. 

When a group chat is created the following happens: 

1. The creating user generates a Group Key. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

34 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

2. The Group Key is then encrypted with each member’s Public 

Encryption Key. 

For all subsequent messages to the group: 

1. The sender retrieves the Group Key by decrypting it with the Private 

Encryption Key. 

2. The sender encrypts the plain message with the Group Key using 

GCM mode, which allows for message authentication during 

encryption and decryption. 

3. The sender signs the encrypted message with his/her Private Identity 

Key. 

4. The sender transmits the encrypted message and the signature to the 

server, which does server-side fan-out to all the group members. 

The group chat messaging is also the foundation for the group call signalling 

protocol which happens over the same XMPP group chat channel. 

Cloud Storage & File Sharing 

Larger files and attachments are also end-to-end encrypted. 

File attachments (documents, images, videos etc.) refer to inbox 

attachments and chat file transfers and are encrypted the exact same way, 

with a Message Key per file using CBC mode. A MAC signature is then 

computed using the HMAC algorithm with SHA-256 and the file’s own 

Message Key as the key to the HMAC function. 

Cloud Storage files are encrypted the same way, however, to be able to 

handle large file uploads, the files are chunked into smaller files and 

encrypted with a Message Key using GCM mode.  

An additional two sets of RSA key-pairs were generated specifically for 

Cloud Storage use and file and folder sharing. 

The folder tree structure is kept in separate JSON folder structures which 

contain ID pointers and AES keys to its children folders and files. Those JSON 

structures are encrypted with a Message Key using GCM mode and are 

signed with the user's Private Identity Key. The random AES key along with a 

unique ID is kept in the parent JSON folder structure which is also encrypted 

and signed. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

35 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

When a user shares a folder with other users, the Message Key for the JSON 

structure is encrypted with each user's Public Encryption Key and the 

encrypted JSON structure is then signed with the sharing user's Private 

Identity Key.  

The sharing user is the owner of the shared folder and can define read and 

write permission for each member of the folder. 

Calling & Conferencing 

Audio/video one-to-one calls, group calls and screen sharing are also end-

to-end encrypted and use the WebRTC technology for real-time audio and 

video communication. 

WebRTC uses Secure Real-time Transport Protocol (DTLS-SRTP) for establishing 

and encrypting media streams. 

Before a peer-to-peer call is established between two or more users, some 

signalling is done to exchange certain information and set up the call.  

This signalling is done over the existing Chat/XMPP channel and is also end-

to-end encrypted using the same encryption scheme for message 

exchange with AES/RSA as described previously above. 

Native Android & iOS Apps 

The Android and iOS apps contain the same inbox, chat, group chat and 

calling features as the web client and integrates closely with the system and 

will receive push notifications on various events such as new inbox and chat 

messages and incoming calls. 

The end-to-end encryption is designed and developed using the same 

strong encryption and algorithms as in the browser clients. For the iOS and 

Android apps, the end-to-end encryption layer has been developed as a 

single cross-platform library written in C++ using the latest OpenSSL 

distribution, and which is used in both apps. 

Web Crypto API 

The web browsers implement the latest browser capabilities and use the 

Web Cryptography API (Web Crypto API), which is a web standard defined 

at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) which allows for cryptographic 

operations in Javascript web client applications. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

36 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Using Web Crypto API makes the crypto design and its implementation 

highly stable and efficient when performing various crypto operations, as it 

leverages on the browser’s own crypto stack implementation and which 

makes robust cryptographic algorithms available, compared to other pure 

Javascript crypto implementations. 

Web Security 

Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks are probably the most widely spread type 

of attacks on web applications and happen when malicious scripts are 

injected into websites to target end users. 

The goal of an XSS attack is to make some browser script execute in the 

victim’s browser on infected sites and to steal sensitive information such as a 

session cookie from an authenticated user and then send it back to the 

attacker’s server. The attacker can then gain access to the victim’s account 

on that specific website by using this session cookie. Such an attack can be 

done without the victim’s knowledge. 

This kind of attack has been performed on well-known services such as 

WhatsApp, where the attacker was able to completely hi-jack some victim’s 

WhatsApp account and being able to control that victim’s account. 

Websites and web applications are vulnerable to XSS attacks typically when 

user inputs are not filtered correctly. 

FortKnoxster implements several security measures to make sure our users 

are protected against any kind of XSS attacks, by making sure user inputs 

such as an inbox or chat message are escaped and sanitized before 

displaying it, in the receiver’s browser. Furthermore, our web application and 

server configurations have been optimized to set the HTTPOnly cookie flag, 

X-XSS-Protection, and Content-Security-Policy response headers. 

Our research in Content Security Policy (CSP) has resulted in a very strict CSP 

configuration, by not allowing any kind of external sources to be loaded 

inside the FortKnoxster environment. 

CSP is supported in all modern browsers and protects against XSS by 

whitelisting allowed sources of script, style, media and other resources when 

you visit a website. 

To have this kind of protection, the CSP configurations need to be done in 

the web server configurations and is a special response header (Content-



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

37 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Security-Policy) sent from the server back to the browser, when a page is 

requested. 

We have taken these extra security measures to make sure our CSP 

configurations are as strict as possible by whitelisting only internal resources, 

and thereby blacklisting any kind of external loading of resources in the 

client’s browser when visiting our website and using our services, and 

therefore enforce our user’s privacy. 

Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF/XSRF) is a special kind of attack, where the 

attacker can trick the victim in to perform unwanted actions, such as 

authorizing a bank transfer. 

FortKnoxster prevents CSRF vulnerabilities by including a unique session token 

on each HTTP request and a special XSRF cookie. 

Furthermore, the FortKnoxster session cookie is encrypted with AES-CBC 256-

bit and a mac using the HMAC function, taking a server key as input. 

Phishing is a type of social engineering attack. The attacker masquerades as 

the trusted site, tricking the victim to perform unwanted actions, such as 

stealing login credentials, credit card details and other sensitive data. 

FortKnoxster implements several security measures to also prevent these 

kinds of attacks. 

Account Security 

To protect users from any kind of account attacks, FortKnoxster enforces 

various security measures and offer the following account security features: 

• Two-Factor Authentication with TOTP, SMS and FIDO U2F. 

• Restrict account access by IP and country. 

• Security audit log. 

• Web Application Firewall (WAF) filtering web requests. 

• Automated account blocking when Brute Force attacks or other 

abuses are detected. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

38 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Transport Layer Security 

All communication between the clients (web browsers, Android app, iOS 

app) and the servers are layered with an extra separate strict encryption 

channel. Only TLS 1.2 is supported and is configured with the strongest 

cipher suites available, including a 4096-bit Diffie-Hellman parameter for DHE 

cipher suites. 

The strong TLS configurations enable HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS), 

OCSP Stapling, Forward Secrecy and protect against all known attacks such 

as Beast, Heartbleed, Poodle and many more. 

Algorithm Overview 

Below is an overview of the encryption algorithms and crypto operations 

used in the FortKnoxster end-to-end encryption crypto design. 

Algorithm Encrypt Decrypt Sign Verify Derive Digest Wrap Unwrap 

RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5   ✓ ✓     

RSA-OAEP ✓ ✓       

ECDSA   ✓ ✓     

ECDH     ✓    

AES-CBC ✓ ✓       

AES-GCM ✓ ✓     ✓ ✓ 

AES-KW       ✓ ✓ 

HMAC   ✓ ✓     

PBKDF2     ✓    

BCRYPT     ✓    

SHA-256      ✓   

 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

39 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Appendix 2: The Upcoming 

GDPR Law  
 

Below is a short description of the coming GDPR law. FortKnoxster is a good 

and relevant tool to comply with the strict GDPR law and easy to implement 

in any organisation regardless of size and industry. 

The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) is 

a regulation by which the European Parliament, the Council of the 

European Union and the European Commission intend to strengthen and 

unify data protection for all individuals within the European Union (EU). 

Businesses urgently need to bring their operations into compliance with the 

new data protection regime. Here are the most important takeaways from 

the GDPR. 

When 

The law takes effect May 25, 2018, after which enforcement will begin 

against the non-compliant entities. Until then, existing national data 

protection laws apply, which include national security laws, or employment 

laws and free speech. 

Who 

The new European Data Protection Regulation applies to any business 

irrespective of its business activity or sector of economy, if: 

a business is established in the EU, or subject to EU laws. 

a business is established outside the EU, but a) offers services or goods to EU 

residents; b) monitors the EU residents’ behaviour. 

For example, the “Runkeeper app” tracking its European users is liable, even 

though it is a North American company without an office in the EU. 

The European Data Protection Regulation introduces a significant expansion 

of the liable businesses and now applies to non-European entities dealing 

with private data of the European residents.  



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

40 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

This also means tech giants like Google, Facebook, Yahoo and Microsoft will 

have to comply. Otherwise, the implications include hefty fines. 

Fines 

Breaching of the European Data Protection Regulation results in fines. The 

maximum fine for a single breach is either €20 million, or 4% of annual global 

turnover, whichever is greater. The amount is set intentionally high as to 

attract the attention of the C-suite to the problem of data protection and 

compliance with the new regulation. 

Encryption is the solution 

The GDPR regulation provides specific suggestions for what kinds of security 

actions might be considered “appropriate to the risk,” including: 

Encryption of personal data. 

The ability to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability, and 

resilience of systems and services processing personal data. 

The ability to restore the availability and access to data in a timely manner 

in the event of a physical or technical incident. 

A process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of 

technical and organisational measures for ensuring the security of the 

processing. 

While the European Data Protection Regulation brings good news to the 

end users mostly, it’s not all bad news, more work and bigger spending for 

the businesses. There is one particularly valuable piece in the regulation that 

stipulates that companies should meet users’ “reasonable expectations of 

data privacy.” The regulation then suggests that encryption, anonymity, and 

authorization tokens meet those expectations. If your company encrypts 

corporate data and user data at rest and in transit, also when dealing with 

third-party contractors, and keeps the keys on the company premises, safe 

and encrypted, too, you will effectively prove that you meet the 

“reasonable expectations of privacy” of an individual. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

41 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Appendix 3: Terms of Service 
 

Terms of Service 

Effective: August 1, 2017 

These Terms of Service (“Terms”) cover your use and access to the Service 

named “FortKnoxster”, (“Service”) provided by FortKnoxster Ltd. By using our 

Services, you’re agreeing to be bound by these Terms, and to also review 

our Privacy policies. If you’re using our Services for an organization or other 

legal entity, you’re agreeing to these Terms on behalf of that organization. 

FortKnoxster Ltd. reserves the right to change this agreement at any time. 

The FortKnoxster Service 

The FortKnoxster Service provides a system that allows a user to access our 

secure communication platform named FortKnoxster. In order to receive the 

Service, you will need to create an account consisting of an email address 

and password. 

Access 

In order to access your account, you must first log in using your FortKnoxster 

username and password, and then go through the verification process. After 

this, you have access to use the Service. The use of the Service requires you 

to obtain access to the Internet. You can access from a computer or a 

mobile device. 

Account Security 

By completing the registration for this Service, you agree to be bound by 

these Terms and Conditions and FortKnoxster’s Privacy Policy, you warrant 

that you are at least eighteen 18 years old or that you have obtained 

consent to open and maintain an account from your parents. You agree to 

maintain the security of your password and identification and you will be 

fully responsible for all usage of the FortKnoxster Service. You shall 

immediately notify FortKnoxster Ltd of any unauthorized use of your 

password or account, of any loss or theft of your password or of any other 

breach of security. 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

42 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Permitted Use 

You may access and use the Service in accordance with these Terms and 

Conditions and subject to any operating rules/contract or posted policies 

that appear on the website. Any use of the Service is at your sole risk and 

responsibility. 

No Illegal Use 

You represent and warrant, as a condition of use of the Service, that you will 

not use the Service for any purpose that is illegal, unlawful or prohibited. You 

shall not subject the FortKnoxster system to any spam, denial of Service 

attacks, viruses or any action, activity or code that would interfere with the 

ordinary operation of the system. 

Indemnity 

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold FortKnoxster Ltd., its subsidiaries 

and affiliates and directors, officers, agents, contractors, shareholders, 

partners and employees, harmless from and against any action, claim, 

demand or liability, arising out of or relating to your violation of any of the 

Terms and Conditions of this agreement, the rights of any third party or your 

use or connection to this Service. The Service is provided “as is” and you 

agree to not hold FortKnoxster Ltd. responsible for any damages that arise as 

a result of the loss of use, data, information or profits connected to the 

performance of the Service. Furthermore, you will not hold FortKnoxster Ltd. 

liable, if any material is unintentionally released as the result of a security 

failure, vulnerability or force majeure. 

Password 

As we have no access to your account or data, we do not keep records of 

your password. If you lose your password, we cannot help you other than 

offering you a new account. 

Paid Accounts 

Billing. We will automatically charge you from the date you activate a user 

account and on each periodic renewal until cancellation. You’re 

responsible for all applicable taxes, and we will charge tax and VAT when 

required to do so.   

No Refunds. You may cancel your FortKnoxster Upgrade Account at any 

time, but you won’t be issued a refund. 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

43 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Downgrades. Your Upgrade Account will remain in effect until it is cancelled 

or terminated under these Terms. If you do not pay for your Upgrade 

Account on time, we reserve the right to suspend it or reduce your account 

to a free account. 

Changes. We may change the fees in effect but will give you advance 

notice of these changes via a message to the email address associated 

with your account. 

Intellectual Property 

FortKnoxster Ltd. owns all rights, titles, and interest in and to all copyright, 

trademarks, trade secrets, patents or any other intellectual property of any 

kind or any proprietary rights in and to the Service and these rights titles and 

interests are protected to the fullest extent under Swiss and International 

laws. Without the prior written consent of FortKnoxster Ltd., you shall not use 

or permit any third party to use any trademarks or trade names and no 

content on this Service may be copied, reproduced or duplicated in any 

form or by any means whatsoever. 

Entire Agreement 

These Terms and Conditions set forth the entire agreement with respect to 

the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous 

communications and proposals, whether, electronic, oral or written, 

between you and FortKnoxster Ltd. 

Waiver 

The failure of FortKnoxster Ltd. to exercise or enforce any right or provision of 

these Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or 

provision. 

Applicable Law 

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of 

Gibraltar. All actions commenced pursuant hereto shall be brought in a 

court of Gibraltar. 

 

 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

44 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Changes 

If FortKnoxster Ltd. is involved in a future merger, acquisition, re-organization 

or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of this. We 

will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated 

with your account) of any such deal and outline in detail. 

Effect 

This agreement comes into effect on the date of your completed 

registration with FortKnoxster Ltd., or date of first payment and FortKnoxster 

Ltd. may terminate this Service at any time. Use of the Service is your 

consent to the Terms of this agreement. 

Customer support 

We will respond to support requests via email within one business day. If you 

have questions, ideas or concerns about our Services, please contact us at 

info@FortKnoxster.com. 

 

mailto:info@cryptonia.com


FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

45 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Appendix 4: Privacy Policy 
Effective: August 1, 2017 

Privacy Is Our Business 

FortKnoxster Ltd. values, respects and endorse the privacy and anonymity of 

all our users and is strongly committed to protecting the confidential security 

and integrity of any information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy explains FortKnoxster Ltd.’s handling of your information.  

Protecting Your Information 

Generally. The security of your information is imperative to us, in fact this is 

the core of our or business model, to protect the privacy of our users and 

their data. Within the technical and legal boundaries, we will keep 

innovating and pushing the boundaries to maintain the best private and 

secure communication platform. 

Technically. We use physical, electronic and sophisticated security methods 

to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data privacy and to ensure 

correct protection of information. We use robust encryption technologies 

including AES 256, RSA 2048, Key Authentication algorithms, Secure Sockets 

Layer (SSL) etc. Our entire user’s data is stored in encrypted form and not 

even the FortKnoxster Ltd. staff has any access to it whatsoever. In addition, 

user accounts are protected by multifactor authentication (optional). 

Legally. Our servers are hosted in a Swiss highly secure data centre. 

Furthermore, our Secure Sockets Layers (SSL) are also of Swiss origin and 

hence protected by the strict Swiss privacy laws which means that 

FortKnoxster Ltd. cannot be compelled to any lawful interception or other 

attack on privacy. Again, even if data were compromised, it would be of no 

use as all data is highly encrypted. We also refer to the Non-Disclosure 

section below. 

 

 

 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

46 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

Data Collection 

FortKnoxster Ltd. collects and uses anonymous user information for the 

following limited purposes: 

 

1. Sent and Received Messages: We do not have access to any message 

content as it is highly encrypted. We do have access to the following 

records: Number of messages sent, storage space used, total number of 

messages, last login time and country code login. 

2. Emails: All e-mails provided to us during the account creating procedure, 

are confidential information and your e-mail will never be sold, shared, 

given, leased or disclosed to any third parties. Due to extra security matters, 

your e-mail is required to send you the initial link in the account creating 

process. 

Managing Your Data 

Your data belongs to you and you can delete it at any time. Your account 

information can be changed anytime by logging into your account and 

change or delete information. If you wish to delete your account, we will 

erase all your remaining encrypted account data from our servers. Any free 

accounts that are inactive for a period of more than 12 months may be 

automatically deleted. 

Data Storage 

All data is at any given time stored in encrypted format. Temporary backups 

are also fully encrypted. We have no way of access your encrypted data, 

and hence cannot recover your password, should you lose it. 

Non-Disclosure 

FortKnoxster Ltd. has a zero-disclosure policy. We will not respond to any 

requests from authorities regarding information about users, logs, data or 

similar. Any authority must direct a request to the relevant authorities, which 

may then possibly contact us, following the protocol that the relevant 

legislation stipulates. We will not comply with demands from any authorities 

to a higher extent than the law demands. 

 

 

 



FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

47 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

  

 

Payments 

This applies only to users who are using our “upgrade” Services. Third parties 

process all electronic payment transactions and FortKnoxster Ltd. does not 

retain any customer payment information. For administration purposes, we 

do need to store data on which account was paid for by a particular 

transaction. 

Customer support 

We will respond to support requests via email within one business day. If you 

have questions, ideas or comments about our Services, please contact us at 

info@FortKnoxster.com. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

mailto:info@cryptonia.com


FORTKNOXSTER WHITEPAPER                                                              ENCRYPTION-AS-A-SERVICE 

 

 

 

48 | P a g e  

© FORTKNOXSTER 

THANKS FOR YOUR INTEREST 

 

For more information: 

www.fortknoxster.com 

or e-mail: 

tokensale@fortknoxster.com 
 

 

    

 

 

 

© 2017. All rights reserved. 

http://www.fortknoxster.com/
mailto:tokensale@fortknoxster.com?subject=FortKnoxster%20Token%20Sale

