











































WHITE PAPER
NOVEMBER 2017



1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 

8. 

9. 

10. 

11. 

12. 

Abstract 05

Vision 06

The FuzeX Ecosystem 07

FuzeX Setup & Transaction Flow 13

FuzeX Token Holder & Card User Rewards 16

Team & Accomplishments 17

Product Comparison 18

Token Sale Event 19

Token Allocation 21

Fund Management 22

Roadmap 23

Contacts & Community 24

Setup 13

User & Network Transaction Flow 13

Token Private Sale & Pre-Sale 19

Token Sale 20

Card Rewards 20

FuzeX Exchange Transaction Flow 15

The FuzeX Card 07

The FuzeX Wallet 09

The FuzeX Exchange 10

The FuzeX Blockchain 12

02

Contents



Legal Disclaimer

Please read the following contents carefully before participating in the FuzeX Token Sale.

Contributions to the FuzeX Token Sale are used to further the development of the FuzeX 

Project as outlined in this whitepaper (subject to development changes). The FuzeX Tokens 

(FXC) are not securities and do not represent any ownership in FuzeX. The contents of this 

whitepaper are not used for financial promotions. No entity other than FuzeX can engage 

in issuing FuzeX Tokens and FuzeX Tokens are intended to operate according to the plan 

described in the whitepaper (subject to development changes).

In engaging with FuzeX and the FuzeX Community, you confirm full understanding and 

compliance of the following:

You acknowledge that FuzeX Tokens do not constitute securities in any jurisdiction.

The contents of this whitepaper are not a financial promotion. Therefore, none of the 

contents of this whitepaper serve as an invitation or inducement to engage in any 

sort of investment activity.

You acknowledge that the contents of this whitepaper, the undertaking of FuzeX  

Token Sale, and/or the trading of FuzeX Tokens, should not be interpreted by you as 

an indication of the merits of FuzeX, including but not limited to, the FuzeX Tokens, 

the FuzeX Token Sale, the FuzeX Card, the FuzeX Wallet, the FuzeX Exchange, and 

the FuzeX Blockchain.

1. 

2. 

3. 

03

You are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to participate in the 

FuzeX Token Sale if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise), or green card 

holder of countries where Token Sales are restricted (such as, but not limited to: the 

United States of America, Singapore, China, and South Korea).

4. 

You acknowledge that any information contained in this whitepaper and any current 

or future communication from FuzeX and its members, should not be construed as a  

guarantee of profit or benefit in any form, regardless of the time of their occurrence.

5. 



You acknowledge that there are risks associated with FuzeX and its respective  

business and operations, the FuzeX Tokens, the FuzeX Token Sale, and the FuzeX 

Ecosystem.

You acknowledge that the FuzeX Ecosystem is currently being developed and may 

undergo significant changes before release.

You acknowledge that FuzeX may send you emails from time to time, but these 

email notices will not ask for confidential information from you. You should not 

respond to any suspicious and unofficial inquiries regarding FuzeX Tokens in order 

to reduce the possibility of fraud, phishing attempts, and other schemes perpetrated 

by malicious third parties.

You acknowledge that FuzeX does not warrant the period of time for which the FuzeX 

Ecosystem will be operational. The FuzeX Ecosystem may be abandoned for a num-

ber of reasons, including a lack of interest from the public and a lack of funding to 

develop solutions.

After participating in the FuzeX Token Sale, you will become a FuzeX Token Holder.

FuzeX Token Holders will never own any securities or any interest in FuzeX.

-Is legally permitted to purchase or possess tokens in the contributor’s jurisdiction

-Is of a sufficient age and capability to legally purchase or possess FuzeX Tokens

-Will take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with the  

  purchase of FuzeX Tokens

-Has a full and complete understanding of the usage, intricacies, and risk of block

  chain based assets.

7. 

8. 

9. 

10. 

11. 

04

You acknowledge that there may be known and unknown risks associated with  

cryptocurrencies, such as heavy fluctuations of cryptocurrency values, innate risks in

6. 

the cryptocurrency industry, which may result in financial losses. You agree that you 

understand the risks and are able to bear potential losses in full.

12. To participate in the FuzeX Token Sale, the contributor needs to confirm that he/she:



Abstract

The technology that brought us the first transparent, secure, and decentralized curren-

cy through Bitcoin has opened the floodgates for incredibly innovated business solutions 

through smart contracts on networks such as the Ethereum Network. In this process, a 

large number of businesses have minted a growing group of people with significant wealth 

tied to cryptocurrencies.

However, as it stands, the process to translate the wealth accumulated in cryptocurrencies 

to real-life experiences for cryptocurrency owners to enjoy is, unfortunately, painfully in-

convenient. The activities of purchasing, transferring, and exchanging cryptocurrencies to 

widely accepted “money” are complicated, slow, and unstable.

The real-world usability problems associated with cryptocurrencies have encouraged a 

number of companies to tackle this worthy challenge. While many of the contenders in this 

space have approached it with a seemingly logical prepaid card solution, their use cases are 

limited to just a few cryptocurrencies and acceptances are limited to just a small  

number of merchants, thus, hampering wide adoption.

In this regard, FuzeX is looking beyond the standard approaches and is seeking to  

deliver an innovative user experience as well as solving the cryptocurrency usability 

problem by introducing the FuzeX Ecosystem.

05



The FuzeX Team strives to make all forms of  

currency payment (fiat, rewards and cryptocurrencies) secure,  

reliable and user/merchant friendly. 

Vision

 With wider acceptance and growing interest in blockchain technology and innovative  

financial solutions, cryptocurrencies are closer to being recognized as “money” more than they 

ever have before. After all, it has all the features of what is currently accepted as “money”.  

Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin or Ethereum all share the following characteristics that help  

define “money”:

However, when it comes to the usability characteristic of “money”, cryptocurrencies face a 

serious challenge.

 

Our vision at FuzeX is to break down the “nice to own, but difficult to spend” problem with 

cryptocurrency and help bring to completion its journey as a widely recognized and ac-

cepted form of “money”. We seek to solve this final usability issue of cryptocurrency by 

combining our experience in payment solutions and blockchain technology with our tech-

nical know-how in software and hardware development, all led by our innovated business 

approach

06

Scarcity Durability Portability

Fungible Usability

Divisibility

Authenticity
Verification

Easy
Storage

Difficultly

Counterfeiting

Fiat Currency: Currency without intrinsic value established 
by Government regulation or law.  



The FuzeX Ecosystem

The FuzeX Card 

In building FuzeX, we draw from our experience 

and expertise in having already successfully 

developed, brought to market, sold and shipped 

30,000+ Fuze Cards (magnetic stripe and barcode 

enabled) — a smart e-card that enables users to 

embed up to 30 credit, debit, or reward cards in 

one.

 

07

The FuzeX Card will include all the features of the Fuze Card with the additional benefit of 

multi-cryptocurrency integration. The FuzeX Card is identical in size and thickness as a stan-

dard credit or debit card and consists of an EMV chip, E-Paper Display (EPD), three input/op-

tion buttons and a charger terminal. 

Front

E-Paper  
Display

Buttons

Back

EMV Chip 
Secured

Charging 
Terminal

Rechargeable 
Battery

Dynamic  
Magnetic Strip 

Flexible 
Display



08

Once users have connected their various accounts (credit, debit, rewards or cryptocurrency) 

to the FuzeX Ecosystem through their FuzeX Wallet app, they will be able to pay with their 

FuzeX Card without the trouble of having to pull out their smartphones.

Furthermore, the FuzeX Card pairs with the FuzeX Wallet to function as a hard wallet stor-

age of private keys. Fragmented private keys are encrypted and stored between the FuzeX 

Card and FuzeX Wallet. The private keys are only accessible by unlocking the FuzeX Card 

(via a pin on the card) and FuzeX Wallet (via an account password).

Store, manage and use up to 30 credit, debit, reward and cryptocurrency accounts

Built-in buttons to power on/off, enter pin codes, make selections, and authorize  

payments on the FuzeX Card itself

E-Paper Display (EPD) to view balances across accounts, barcodes for reward card 

scans, and QR codes for blockchain addresses

EMV (IC Chip) for multi-cryptocurrency payments

Near Field Communication (NFC) for credit and debit card payments

Barcodes for reward payments

QR Code for cryptocurrency wallet addresses for P2P transfers

Bluetooth connection between FuzeX Card and FuzeX Wallet to ensure security  

(Users have the additional option to securely lock the FuzeX Card when the  

Bluetooth connection is disconnected)

Remote Wipe Technology that clears data from the FuzeX Card in the event of loss  

or theft

Battery life between 45~60 days  

Plus a sleek, slim, rechargeable portable battery bank that holds up to 3 full 

charges for when you are on the move

     Features of the FuzeX Card:

As devices become increasingly more important in a person’s identity, this two-factor  

authentication process helps combat fraud and brings together fragmented financial  

platforms in to one simple solution.  



09

The FuzeX Wallet

As the hub for the FuzeX Card and account management, the FuzeX Wallet App allows  

users to store, spend, receive, and transfer tokens.

     Features of the FuzeX Wallet: 

Enables registration (includes KYC) for FuzeX Ecosystem
Register and manage various cryptocurrencies
Send, receive, and exchange cryptocurrencies (cryptocurrency amount and  
respective fiat currency value is clearly displayed with real-time exchange rates)
Check account balances, transaction history and exchange rates
Only registered devices can access the FuzeX Wallet to ensure security
Interactive map and address of the last location that the FuzeX Card was used 
(prior to Bluetooth disconnection) to help users locate and retrieve their lost 
FuzeX Card
Android and iOS compatibility for smart phones and Windows and OSX  
compatibility for computers

KYC: Know your Customer. The process FuzeX will use 
to verify the identity of our users.



 

A BA B

RACE

RACE

RACE

CryptoCurrency
Blockchain Network

Legacy Payment 
Blockchain Network Network (Issuer]

Hot Wallet

Hosted Wallet

User Key

Exchange Key

Isolated Key

A

A

The FuzeX Exchange

10

The FuzeX Exchange

The FuzeX Exchange is the core, backend platform bringing world-wide cryptocurrency 

adoption to reality. Our goal is to allow users to spend cryptocurrency on their FuzeX Card as 

they would do on any regular credit card, and for merchants to receive fiat currencies (USD, 

Euro, Yen and any other local currencies) as they currently do. In fact, besides the eye-catch-

ing futuristic look and feel of the card, merchants will not know the difference.

We accomplish this by enabling whichever cryptocurrency the FuzeX Card user selects to be  

released in the respective fiat currency to Issuers, based on the current market exchange 

rate. We have enabled our FuzeX Card to work in conjunction with EMV POS terminal stan-

dards. In doing so, we eliminate unreasonable overheads required in order for each crypto-

currency company to establish contracts with each separate vendors, thus, promoting cryp-

tocurrency payment acceptance.

To bring to market our solution for cryptocurrency usability sooner, FuzeX will first partner 

with existing exchanges and issuers. The FuzeX Card offers a unique solution that stream-

lines cryptocurrency adoption and increases the user base for exchanges. Alternatively for 

the issuers, the FuzeX card provides new access to an expanding, billion dollar industry. 

Following this development, FuzeX will then build out its Centralized FuzeX Exchange. Lastly, 

FuzeX will launch and migrate to its FuzeX Decentralized Exchange.



11

     Features of the FuzeX Exchange:

To maintain a balance of reserve cryptocurrency and fiat currency funds in the FuzeX Exchange, 

the FuzeX Exchange will offer any excess cryptocurrencies it receives from Users to the market 

(via other exchange partnerships or directly to users of its platform) to maintain proper reserve 

funds for transactions. Revenue received from selling and appreciation of cryptocurrencies in 

FuzeX Exchange’s ownership will be used to hedge currency fluctuation risks in the future.

Hold a multitude of reserve cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies to facilitate  

real-time exchange (exchange rates derived from aggregated market rates) between 

cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies for payment transactions

Function as a hosted wallet that is secured by 3 multi-signature security keys (User 

Key, Exchange Key, and Isolated Key for recovery)

*Transactions execute only when 2 of the 3 security keys are deployed.

Integrate with Issuers/Legacy Payment Networks (e.g. MasterCard, Visa) to confirm  

sufficient fiat equivalent cryptocurrency balance in the users’ accounts during pay-

ment authorization and releases fiat payments to Issuers 

Acknowledge selected cryptocurrency for payment when the user holds the relevant 

button to confirm selection on their FuzeX Card

If the user loses their User Key, upon verification of identification, they can create 

a new account and user key. In doing this, they can then transfer the balance from 

their previous account to a new account using a combination of the Exchange Key 

and Isolated Key.



12

The FuzeX Blockchain

 In the early days of the FuzeX service, we plan to deploy our system on the Ethereum  

Blockchain Network and conform to ERC20 standards. However, our long-term aim is to build 

our own FuzeX Blockchain Network to provide a more robust cryptocurrency network.

N N

N

N

N
N

N

R

R

R

R

R

A A A

A

A

A

A

A
A

A

     Features of the FuzeX Blockchain:

The FuzeX Blockchain consists of the following: Application (FuzeX Wallet), Node, 

and Recorder (Miner Node)

Facilitate transaction data which includes channel, sender address, sequence, 

time, receiver address, contents and function (type & number of tokens), and veri-

fication signatures

Spread large amounts of transactions quickly through the Recorder by spreading 

the most recently generated transactions

Verify transactions through Proof of Signature, in which Nodes or Recorders  

create a verification signature in the transaction and generate a verification block 

that includes the time at which a minimum number of verifications are completed

Recognize and records bad transaction through signature verification via the  

Application, Node, and/or Recorder

Blacklist the Nodes that generate bad transactions and spread registered  

blacklist information to the blockchain to ensure ongoing security



Cryptocurrency (3)

Payment Card (3)

Membership Card (3)

User
FuzeX Card

Merchant

Issuer &
Payment Network

Purchase
Summary

Payment Request

Payment
Request

Service or 
Product Purchased

 

Exchange

FuzeX Setup & Transaction Flow

13

Setup

User & Network Transaction Flow

Download the FuzeX Wallet (mobile app), create an account to join the  

FuzeX Exchange, and order a FuzeX Card. 

The User makes a purchase by selecting their choice of cryptocurrency from their 

FuzeX Card using the built-in buttons on their card.

Transfer the desired amount of cryptocurrencies from an  
external wallet to the FuzeX Wallet.

Receive and activate the FuzeX Card using the FuzeX Wallet app. 

View user balances on the FuzeX Wallet and FuzeX Card.  

Setup at this stage is now complete.

1

1. 

The User views the selected cryptocurrency balance and the respective fiat currency  

value, given in real time exchange rates on their FuzeX Card.

When a cryptocurrency is selected and confirmed by the user (by holding down  
the designated button), the selection information is sent directly to the FuzeX  
Exchange.

2

3

4

2. 



14

The User hands over their FuzeX Card to the Merchant to insert or swipe.

The Merchant then receives authorization for the payment and the purchase is complete.

The User receives a courtesy purchase summary on FuzeX Wallet app.

The Merchant’s POS terminal sends a request to the relevant Switch Company or 

Issuer to verify the User and authorize the payment via EMV payment networks 

(VISA, MasterCard, etc.).

The Issuer (integrated with the FuzeX Exchange) checks the User account for  

sufficient fiat equivalent cryptocurrency amount via the FuzeX Exchange.

If sufficient, the Issuer authorizes the payment which simultaneously locks the 

spent amount of cryptocurrency from the User’s account. (If there is an insufficient 

amount, the Issuer denies the payment.)

The User must approve transactions on the FuzeX Card when the cumulative 

spending balance surpasses $300 USD (limit adjustable) to finalize the transfer 

of cryptocurrency payment from their User account to the FuzeX Exchange.

3. 

5. 

4. 



15

To settle payments with Issuers by transferring to the Issuers the amount spent by 

the Users in the stated fiat currency from its fiat currency reserves.

To sell excess cryptocurrencies accumulated to other Exchange Partners or directly 

to other Users of the FuzeX Ecosystem.

 When the User approves transactions on their FuzeX Card, the cryptocurrency payment is  

transferred to the FuzeX Exchange, which holds a multitude of reserve cryptocurrencies 

and fiat currencies to facilitate payment transactions. The FuzeX Exchange has two  

primary functions:

UsersExchange Partners

Exchange

FXC

Issuers &
Payment Networks

Sell Excess Cryptocurrencies

The FuzeX Exchange Transaction Flow

1. 

2. 



FuzeX Token Holder & Card User Rewards

16

Per payment network standards, the merchant usually pays 2.5% to 3% for every card 

transaction in the form of a merchant transaction fee. FuzeX will reward both Token Hold-

ers of FuzeX Tokens and Users of the FuzeX Cards from a portion of merchant transaction 

fees collected.

*Token holders and FuzeX Card user rewards are subject to change during Phase 1.

0.1% will be rewarded in FuzeX Tokens to FuzeX Card Users

0.2% will be rewarded in FuzeX Tokens to Token Holders

1.5%-2% will be paid to Issuers and Payment Networks

0.3%-0.8% will be retained by the FuzeX Exchange

Of the 2.5%-3% merchant transaction fee received, the funds collected will be distributed 

as follows:

Merchants

Issuers &
Payment Networks

FuzeX Card Users

FXC Token Holders

Exchange

0.1% Reward 
(In FXC Tokens)

Merchant Transaction Fee
2.5%~3%

Processing Fee
1.5%~2%

0.2% Reward
(In FXC Tokens)

0.3%~0.8% Retained



Team & Accomplishments 

17

Successfully developed, brought to market, sold and shipped 30,000+ Fuze Cards 

(magnetic stripe and barcode enabled)—the smart e-card that enables users to 

embed up to 30 credit, debit, or rewards cards in one.

Reached the top 0.01% of global crowdfunding through the Indiegogo platform,  

raising $2.2 million USD.

Received “Industrial Convergence Leader” Award from the Ministry of Trade,  

Republic of Korea.

Distinguished recognition from Korea Technology Finance Corporation for  

developing “Smart Multi eCard” technology.

FuzeX’s 40+ employee team of skilled engineers, blockchain specialists, programmers, expe-

rienced marketing professionals and business professionals are dedicated to making future 

technologies a reality today.

     Our Accomplishments:

     Our Team:



Product Comparison

18

FuzeX TenX Centra TokenCard

Card

Smart eCard 

(support
cryptocurrency, credit, 

debit, reward cards)

Bitcoin, Ethereum, 
FXC(ERC 20),

(expanding support)

Hosted Wallet
and 

Smart Contract

0.1% on every
Purchase

Free

Debit

Plastic card 

(support only 
cryptocurrency)

Bitcoin,
Ethereum, Dash

Hosted Wallet
and

Smart Contract

0.1% on every
Purchase

Free Free Free

2% Black Card
1.25% Gold Card
0.8% Blue Card

None

Pre-paid Pre-Paid Pre-Paid

Hosted Wallet
and

Smart Contract
Smart Contract

Bitcoin, Ethereum, 
Dash, Litecoin, Zcash, 

Ripple, Monero
Ethereum

Plastic card 

(support only 
cryptocurrency)

None

Support

Fund
Security

Card Type

Card Holder
Incentives

Card Holder
Transaction Fees

Entry Requirements
to Market

Very High Very Low Very Low Very Low



Token Sale Event

19

In order to bring our full vision and solution to market, FuzeX is launching a Token Sale 

Event to fund further development of the FuzeX Ecosystem. The FuzeX Tokens (FXC) is an 

ERC20 token and the tokens will be distributed up to 4 weeks after the token sale. The 

FuzeX Token Sale is available through our website: http://fuzex.co.

The Token Private Sale, which represents 15% of total FuzeX Tokens (15,000,000 FXC), is in-

tended to attract potential partners and large investors to our FuzeX Ecosystem. The Private 

Sale starts on November 13th, 2017 at 0:00 GMT and will run for 3 weeks until midnight GMT 

on December 7th, 2017. Additionally, Private Sale participants have the option to be the first 

in the queue for white label solutions.

Pre-Sale, which represents 15% of the total FuzeX Tokens (15,000,000 FXC), will start on 

December 11th, 2017 at 0:00 GMT, and will run for 3 weeks until midnight GMT on December 

30th, 2017.

The FuzeX Token Sale may be funded with Ethereum & Bitcoin. 

Token Private Sale & Pre-Sale

Event Token Bonus

Private Sale : 15,000,000 FXC

Token Pre-Sale : 15,000,000 FXC

25%+ BONUS

25% BONUS

11/13 0:00 GMT – 12/07 midnight GMT

12/11 0:00 GMT – 12/30 midnight GMT

1 ETH = 270 FXC / 1 BTC = 4860 FXC

1 ETH = 250 FXC / 1 BTC = 4500 FXC

* Any unsold FXC during Private & Pre-Sale will be burned

minimum purchase: 1000 ETH / 50 BTC

minimum purchase: 30 ETH /  2 BTC



20

The Token Sale, which represents 30% of the total FuzeX Tokens (30,000,000 FXC) is 

planned for 2018, the specific date is yet to be determined.

During the Token Private Sale, Token Pre-Sale, and Token Sale, contributors who donate 

the following minimum amount will receive a free Fuze (ready for immediate distribution), 

FuzeX, and/or FuzeX-Bio (with biometric authentication) cards.

Token Sale

Card Rewards

Event

50 ETH / 2.5 BTC 100 ETH / 5 BTC 500 ETH / 25 BTC

Token Bonus

TBD
1 ETH = 200 FXC / 1 BTC = 3600 FXC

1 FuzeX Card  1 Fuze Card + 1 FuzeX Card 1 Fuze Card + FuzeX Card + 1 FuzeX-Bio

minimum purchase: 0.1 ETH / 0.01BTC



Token Allocation

21

Token Allocation Amount of FXC Tokens

Token Private 
& Pre-Sale

Advisors
& Partnerships

Bounty
& Donations

Technology
Acquisition

FuzeX Founders
and Employees

Token Sale

30% will be distributed to the public during 
the Token Private and Pre- Sale.

30% will be distributed to the public
during the Token Sale.

5% of the total tokens
will be allocated for bounty 

and blockchain industry donation.

Acquire technology for the FuzeX Ecosystem.

To ensure proper growth,
FuzeX will invite seasoned professionals  

with depth and breadth in the appropriate 
industries to serve as Advisors

and establish partnerships.

To further align FuzeX employees
with the success of the FuzeX Ecosystem, 
Founders and Employees will be partially 

compensated with FuzeX Tokens.

30,000,000 FXC

30,000,000 FXC

5,000,000 FXC

5,000,000 FXC

15,000,000 FXC

15,000,000 FXC

30%

30%

5%

5%

15%

15%

100%100,000,000 FXCTotal Tokens



Fund Management

22

FuzeX Card 

FuzeX Wallet

FuzeX Payment 
Platform

FuzeX Network

Marketing

Audit

Licensing

Research and Development

FuzeX Blockchain Network

Development

Issuing Partnership & Certification

FuzeX Exchange Liquidity

App Development (Web, Android, iOS)

Trusted Security Model

FuzeX Blockchain Main Network

Product

FuzeX Exchange

15,000 ETH

45,000 ETH

45,000 ETH

30,000 ETH

30,000 ETH

30,000 ETH

15,000 ETH

30,000 ETH

15,000 ETH

15,000 ETH

15,000 ETH

15,000 ETH

5%

15%

15%

10%

10%

10%

5%

10%

5%

5%

5%

5%

100%300,000 ETHTotal Tokens

Amount of FXC TokensToken Allocation
Funded By

Pre-
Sale

Token
Sale

The funds received in the FuzeX Token Sale will be held in a secure multi-signature wallet 

and will be allocated for the following developments.



Roadmap

23

- Establish partnerships with Issuers and Exchanges (Multiple Regions)

- Complete development of FuzeX Card (Prototype)

- Integrate the FuzeX Wallet with partner exchanges
- Receive certification from payment networks (e.g. Visa or MasterCard)

- FuzeX Card (Beta), FuzeX Wallet (Beta) with Bitcoin & Ethereum integration

- FuzeX Card and FuzeX Wallet Beta Test

- Commercial launch of FuzeX Card and Wallet
- Integrate additional cryptocurrencies
- Launch partnerships for white label solutions

- Integrate additional cryptocurrencies

- Acquire additional financial licenses

- Acquire additional financial licenses

- FuzeX Centralized Exchange (Alpha)

- Develop and launch FuzeX Decentralized Exchange

- FuzeX Blockchain Network (Testnet)

- Launch FuzeX Bio (with biometric fingerprint verification)
- Launch FuzeX Wallet 2.0

2018, Q1

2018, Q2

2018, Q3

2018, Q4

2019, Q1

2019, Q2

2019, Q3 & Q4

2020, Q1 & Q2



24

Contacts & Community

https://fuzex.coWEBSITE

E-MAIL

SLACK

info@fuzex.co

https://fuze-slack-inviter.herokuapp.com 

https://medium.com/fuzexMEDIUM

http://www.facebook.com/FuzeX.co FACEBOOK

https://t.me/joinchat/Asc6gw9fNL8AjX5kSLJ-bQTELEGRAM


