




































   

 

FLIP 
 

WHITE   PAPER 
Version   5.3,   November   2017 

 

Legal   Disclaimer:   The   FLIP   token   sale   is   only   available   to   purchasers   who   are:   (i)   not   "U.S.   Persons"   (as   defined   in   Regulation 

S   under   the   U.S.   Securities   Act   of   1933,   as   amended)   and   not   purchasing   for   the   account   or   benefit   of   any   U.S.   Persons   and 

(ii)   eligible   to   purchase   FLIP   tokens   under   the   applicable   laws   of   each   such   purchaser’s   jurisdiction. 

 

 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling 

gaming   digital   goods   

 

Executive   Summary 

  

This   whitepaper   describes   a   new   decentralized   ecosystem   where   digital   goods   on   all   gaming 

platforms   –   mobile,   PC,   console,   and   VR/AR   –   can   be   sold   as   liquid   assets   using   trustless   (i.e.,   fully 

secure)   smart   contracts   executing   on   blockchain   technology.      The   digital   goods   transactions   will   take 

place   using   a   crypto-token   called   “FLIP”.   

 

The   new   decentralized   ecosystem   is   founded   by   Gameflip,   a   venture-backed   technology   company 

which   operates   a   robust   digital   goods   marketplace   with   millions   of   users.      Gameflip   is   a   corporation 

based   in   Silicon   Valley,   California,   USA.      The   company   is   managed   by   gaming   industry   experts   with 

decades   of   combined   experience,   and   funded   by   top   tier   venture   capital   investors.      Established   in 

2014,   Gameflip   has   already   been   at   the   forefront   addressing   the   largely   unmet   demand   for   liquidity   for 

digital   goods.      Prior   to   the   advent   of   blockchain   technology,   we   have   already   built   the   most 

comprehensive   centralized   digital   goods   marketplace   platform   and   have   witnessed   tremendous 

growth   in   the   platform   for   the   last   two   years.      Now,   with   blockchain   technology,   our   new   decentralized 

ecosystem   will   enable   ubiquitous   liquidity   for   digital   goods,   unlocking   exponentially   more   value   for   the 

gaming   market   and   its   participants. 

 

In   decentralized   networks,   economic   value   and   governance   are   distributed   among   the   network 

participants,   not   concentrated   in   a   single   organization.      Here,   the   participants   are   primarily   game 

developers,   publishers   and   gamers,   plus   digital   goods   marketplaces,   transaction   enablers,   and   other 

contributors.      In   this   ecosystem,   economic   value   is   distributed   among   all   participants,   ensuring   that 

they   are   compensated   for   the   value   they   bring.   

1 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

   

The   new   decentralized   ecosystem   will   create   tremendous   benefits   for   both   gamers   and   game 

developers   and   publishers.      (In   this   white   paper,   we   sometimes   refer   to   game   developers   and 

publishers   together   “game   publishers”.)   

● Gamers   will   have   unprecedented   flexibility   to   buy,   sell   and   trade   the   digital   goods   at   the 

peer-to-peer   level   (i.e,   with   other   gamers),   unlocking   significant   value   for   gamers   from   their 

hard-earned   digital   goods.      Importantly,   they   will   transact   in   a   zero-fraud   environment,   one   that 

never   existed   before   the   availability   of   blockchain   technology. 

● Game   developers   and   publishers   will   generate   significantly   more   revenue   for   a   number   of 

reasons:   

○ First,   the   new   ecosystem   encourages   gamers   to   purchase   substantially   more   digital 

goods,   and   at   higher   prices,   than   they   do   today,   knowing   that   they   can   recoup   their 

investments   later   by   selling   them   freely   and   securely   in   a   large   liquid   marketplace.   

○ Second,   game   publishers   will   enjoy   a   brand   new   revenue   stream   –   whenever   gamers 

transact   using   blockchain   smart   contracts,   game   publishers   will   receive   a   commission.   

○ Third,   under   our   unique   network   growth   model,   game   publishers   that   help   drive 

adoption   of   FLIP   will   be   rewarded   handsomely   –   with   tangible   economic   benefits   –   as 

described   more   fully   later   in   this   white   paper.   

The   importance   of   the   point   above   –   the   tangible   benefits   for   game   publishers   –   cannot   be 

underestimated.      Game   publishers   will   play   a   very   key   role   in   this   ecosystem,   and   each   game 

publisher   will   have   to   choose   which   crypto-token(s)   to   adopt.      FLIP   is   the   only   crypto-token 

with   an   ecosystem   with   built-in,   concrete,   and   generous   benefits   for   game   publishers.      As 

such,   we   are   confident   that   FLIP   will   be   adopted   quickly   and   will   emerge   as   the   dominant 

crypto-token   for   the   gaming   industry. 

 

Indeed,   the   new   ecosystem   will   likely   create   a   paradigm   shift   for   the   gaming   industry.      Demands   for 

digital   goods   will   increase,   gamers   will   gain   trust   in   the   network   and   buy   and   trade   more,   multiplier 

effects   will   kick   in,   and   the   overall   market   will   grow   exponentially.      Studies   have   estimated   that   gaming 

revenue   will   grow   to   $128.5   billion   by   2020,   but   that   number   does   not   even   include   the   trading   of 

digital   goods   on   the   blockchain.      We   estimate   that   the   value   of   digital   goods   transactions   via   the 

Gameflip   decentralized   ecosystem,   using   FLIP,   will   eventually   top   $20   billion.     

2 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

Table   of   Contents 

Executive   Summary  1 

Table   of   Contents  3 

1.      The   Market  5 
1.1.      Overview  5 
1.2.      Direct-from-Publisher   Digital   Goods   vs.   Gamer-Earned   Digital   Goods  6 

2.      The   Opportunity  8 
2.1.      Unmet   Demand   to   Sell   Digital   Goods  8 
2.2.      Limited   and   Problematic   Existing   Marketplaces  9 

3.      Our   Company   –   Gameflip  12 
3.1.      Company   Background  12 
3.2.      Gameflip   Team   Overview  12 
3.3.      Gameflip   Team   Member   Bios  14 
3.4.      FLIP   Advisory   Board   Members  18 
3.5.      Investors   in   Gameflip   |   Investor   Representatives  21 
3.6.      The   Existing   Gameflip   Platform  23 

4.      The   Solution   –   FLIP   Token   and   Decentralized   Ecosystem  25 
4.1.      Overview   of   FLIP  25 
4.2.      Implementation   using   Ethereum   and   ERC-20  26 
4.3.      Roadmap  27 
4.4.      Business   Model  27 
4.5.      Economic   Model  28 
4.6.      Network   Growth   Model  28 

5.      Technical   Considerations  30 
5.1.      The   “Trusted   Providers”  31 
5.2.      Listing   Game   Items   “For   Sale”   on   Blockchain  31 
5.3.      Purchasing   Items   Using   Smart   Contract  33 
5.4.      Publishers   Can   Customize   and   Control  34 
5.5.      Game   Integration  34 
5.6.      Smart   Wallets   and   Decentralization  35 

6.      Benefits   for   Game   Publishers   and   Gamers  36 
6.1.      Gamers  36 
6.2.      Game   Publishers  36 

3 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

7.      Token   Crowdsale   and   Distribution  37 
7.1.      Pricing  37 
7.2.      Distribution  37 
7.3.      Token   Pre-Sale  38 
7.4.      Token   Main   Sale  38 
7.5.      Other   Tokens  39 

8.      Use   of   Proceeds  40 

 

   

4 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

1.      The   Market   

1.1.      Overview 
 

The   global   gaming   market   is   enormous.      According   to   Newzoo's   latest   study,   2.2   billion   gamers   will 

generate   $108.9   billion   in   game   revenues   in   2017.      This   represents   an   increase   of   $7.8   billion,   or   7.8%, 

from   the   year   before.   The   growth   will   continue,   with   2020   revenues   projected   at   $128.5   billion.   1

  

 

  

Within   the   global   gaming   market,   digital   game   revenues   account   for   about   87%,   or   $94.4   billion   in 

2017.      The   free-to-play   model   of   gameplay,   with   revenue   derived   from   the   sale   of   digital   goods,   has 

emerged   as   the   dominant   framework.      For   example,   Supercell,   the   maker   of   mobile   games   like   Clash 

Royale   and   Clash   of   Clans,   generated   $2.3   billion   in   sales   in   2016.      Even   though   gamers   can   play 

Supercell's   games   for   free,   they   purchased   $2.3   billion   of   digital   goods   to   level   up   and   compete   with 

each   other.  2

1   https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach-108-9-billion-in-2017-with-mobile-taking-42/ 
2   https://venturebeat.com/2017/02/15/clash-royale-clash-of-clans-push-supercell-to-2-3-billion-in-2016-revenue/ 

5 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

1.2.      Direct-from-Publisher   Digital   Goods   vs.   Gamer-Earned   Digital 
Goods 
 

 
Figure   1.2(a) 

 

Direct-from-Publisher   Digital   Goods 

 

The   estimated   $94.4   billion   of   2017   digital   game   revenues   in   Newzoo’s   study   is   comprised   of   only   the 

digital   goods   sold   by   game   publishers   directly   to   gamers.      Under   the   dominant   free-to-play   model, 

these   direct-from-publisher   digital   goods   typically   take   the   form   of   “keys”   or   “consumables”: 

● As   an   example   (Figure   1.2(a)   above)   ,   a   gamer   purchases   a   “key”,   and   then   uses   the   key   to 

unlock   a   “mystery   box”   that   he   acquired   in   the   course   of   playing.      Inside   the   mystery   box,   he 

would   find   digital   goods   like   weapons,   armors,   or   cosmetic   skins.   

● As   another   example,   instead   of   using   a   key   to   unlock   the   mystery   box,   the   mystery   box   would 

simply   unlock   itself,   except   that   it   would   take   time   and   the   gamer   would   need   to   wait   many 

hours   or   even   days.      There,   the   gamer   may   purchase   “consumables”,   like   gold   coins,   and   then 

he   would   pay   the   gold   coins   to   accelerate   the   waiting   time.   

These   are   most   often    mystery    boxes   in   the   sense   that   the   digital   goods   to   be   released   will   be   random, 

based   on   probability.      This   has   proven   to   be   the   most   successful   monetization   technique   for 

free-to-play   games. 

 

 

6 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

Gamer-Earned   Digital   Goods 

 

As   indicated   in   the   example   above,   the   gamer   did   not   purchase   the   weapons,   armors,   or   cosmetic 

skins   directly   from   the   game   publisher.      He   purchased   the   key   directly,   but   he   had   to    earn    the   rest    (i.e., 

acquire   the   mystery   boxes   by    playing   through   the   game,   leveling   up,   and/or   defeating   other   gamers   or 

monster   bosses).      Further,   because   of   the   randomness   built   into   the   mystery   boxes,   chances   are   that 

he   would   need   to   invest   a   lot   of   time,   efforts,   and   money   in   order   to   acquire   and   unlock   many   mystery 

boxes   before   he   finally   earns   the   desired   and   rare   digital   goods.      For   gamers,   these   earned   digital 

goods   carry   significant   intrinsic   values.      Depending   on   their   rarity,   some   of   them   can   become   very 

expensive,   and   e xamples   from   PC   games   include   the   following: 

● In   CS:GO,   a   StatTrak   M9   Bayonet   Doppler   skin   sold   for   $23,850 ;   and 3

● In   Dota   2:   a   Pink   Ethereal   Flame   Wardog   sold   for      $38,000 . 4

 

As   large   as   the   dollar   figures   in   Newzoo’s   study   are,   they   do   not   fully   reflect   the   potential   of 

gamer-earned   digital   goods.      This   potential   cannot   be   understated.      Gamer-earned   digital   goods   are 

significant   because: 

(i)  due   to   the   need   to   balance   free-to-play   games,   the   volume   of   gamer-earned   digital   goods   is 

much   higher   than   direct-from-publisher   digital   goods; 

(ii)  these   gamer-earned   digital   goods   aggregate   within   the   game   economy; 

(iii) trading   gamer-earned   digital   goods   within   a   single   game   is   a   core   gameplay   feature   required   to 

advance;   and 

(iv) gamer-earned   digital   goods,   on   average,   are   worth   a   lot   more   than   direct-from-publisher   digital 

goods. 

 

At   Gameflip,   we   have   been   witnessing   first 

hand   the   rapid   growth   of   this   market,   and   we 

estimate   that   it   will   eventually   eclipse   the 

market   for   direct-from-publisher   digital   goods, 

especially   with   the   adoption   of   the   new   decentralized   ecosystem.      The   potential   market   for   the   trading 

of   gamer-earned   digital   goods   is   a   trillion   dollar   opportunity.  

 

3   http://read.navi-gaming.com/en/team_news/Rarest_and_expensive_knives 
4   https://www.engadget.com/2013/11/06/dota-2-pink-war-dog-courier-sells-for-38-000/ 

7 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

2.      The   Opportunity 

The   digital   goods   market   is   large    despite    the   fact   that   the   current   ecosystem   is   far   from   optimal. 

While   healthy   revenue   is   generated   from   the   sale   of   direct-from-publisher   digital   goods,   the   huge 

potential   from   a   liquid   market   for   gamer-earned   digital   goods   remains   untapped   (and   the   latter   could 

also   create   more   opportunities   for   direct-from-publisher   digital   goods).      Gamer-earned   digital   goods 

aggregate   over   time,   and   they   tend   not   to   degrade.      Yet,   in   most   cases,   gamers   cannot   cash   them   out 

for   value   at   all,   resulting   in   tremendous   loss   to   them   eventually. 

 

From   gamers’   perspective: 

● They   have   a   huge   demand   for   the   ability   to   sell   their   digital   goods   for   value   (i.e.,   for   liquidity), 

but   this   demand   has   been   largely   unmet   to   date.   

● To   the   extent   a   small   subset   of   digital   goods   from   a   handful   of   games   can   currently   be   traded, 

most   marketplaces   are   problematic   and   non-transparent,   and   fraud   is   prevalent. 

 

From   game   publishers’   perspective,   while   this   may   not   be   a   “problem”   per   se,   the   existing   environment 

is   obviously   suboptimal   for   them: 

● Without   readily   available   liquid   markets   for   gamer-earned   digital   goods,   game   publishers   are 

selling   a   much   smaller   amount   of   digital   goods   than   they   otherwise   could,   as   we   will   explain 

further   below.  

● With   respect   to   some   marketplaces   that   do   exist   today,   game   publishers   do   not   receive   any 

benefits   at   all   from   the   transactions   that   take   place   there.      To   the   contrary,   the   all-too-often 

fraudulent   transactions   cost   the   game   publishers   their   gamers,   as   the   defrauded   gamers   are 

likely   to   leave   the   game.   

  

2.1.      Unmet   Demand   to   Sell   Digital   Goods  

Currently,   most   digital   goods   are   locked   within   a   single   game.      Gamers   may   have   spent   hundreds   or 

thousands   of   dolla rs   on   keys   to   unlock   mystery   bo xes,   plus   countless   hours   of   playing   time   to   earn 

rare   digital   goods.      However,   when   they   eventually   stop   playing   that   game,   the   value   of   all   of   their 

investments   will   be   zero,   for   they   cannot   sell   any   of   these   digital   goods,   nor   can   they   transfer   their 

8 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

investments   to   another   game   (except   with   very   limited   exceptions   within   a   single   platform).      The 

demand   to   be   able   to   sell   digital   goods   is   huge,   but   so   far   this   demand   has   been   largely   unmet. 

 

  

 

 

 
Figure   2.1.      Currently,   most   digital   goods   are   locked   within   a   single   game,   with   no   liquidity. 

  

2.2.      Limited   and   Problematic   Existing   Marketplaces  

With   respect   to   a   small   subset   of   digital   goods   (e.g.,   those   from   games   like   CS:GO,   Dota   2,   and   H1Z1, 

etc.),   certain   markets   do   exist   where   gamers   can   sell   them   for   cash.      These   markets   include   (a) 

forums,   (b)   Steam   Community   Market,   and   (c)   third   party   trading   sites.      However,   each   of   these 

markets   present   its   own   challenges,   and   gamers   face   significant   friction   when   they   transact   there.   

 

Forums   Market 

 

Some   gamers   buy   and   sell   digital   goods   on   forums   (e.g.,   Reddit),   which   are   unofficial   marketplaces.      A 

key   drawback,   however,   is   that   gamers   "trade   at   their   own   risk"   there.      These   forums   do   not   offer   the 

buyers   or   sellers   any   protection.      Fraud   is   prevalent.      A   seller   may   simply   not   deliver   the   item   after 

9 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

receiving   payment.      Alternatively,   a   buyer   may   pay   via   Paypal,   but   then   file   for   a   chargeback   after   he 

has   received   the   item,   leaving   the   seller   empty   handed.  

 

Scamming   Scenarios   When   Buying   and   Selling   in   Forums 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

Seller    sends   the   digital   goods   but    Buyer 
does   not   send   the   funds   or   files   a 
chargeback. 
 

Buyer    sends   the   funds   but    Seller    does   not 
send   the   digital   goods   or   sends   the   wrong 
digital   goods 
 
 

Figure   2.2.      Gamers   buy   or   sell   at   their   own   risk   in   forums  

 

Steam   Community   Market 

 

Valve   Corporation's   multiplayer   gaming   platform,   Steam,   operates   a   Community   Market   trading 

platform   where   gamers   can   sell   and   buy   digital   goods   for   games   like   CS:GO,   Dota   2,   and   Team 

Fortress   2.      Steam   is   a   robust   gaming   platform,   and   as   a   whole   generated   $3.6   billion   in   revenue   in 

2016.       Although   revenue   for   the   Community   Market   by   itself   is   not   available,   it   appears   to   be   a   very 5

active   market   with   hundreds   of   thousands   of   postings   at   any   given   time.      As   this   is   an   official 

marketplace   where   gamers   transact   using   Steam   Wallet,   there   are   fewer   problems   with   fraud   than   the 

unofficial   forums   above   mentioned.      Nonetheless,   the   Steam   Community   Market   still   has   substantial 

shortcomings:  

● It   does   not   offer   sellers   any   real   cash   out   at   all.      After   a   seller   has   received   payment   into   his 

Steam   Wallet,   he   can   only   use   the   Steam   Wallet   for   other   games   on   the   Steam   platform.      He 

cannot   convert   anything   to   real   cash.  

5    https://www.statista.com/statistics/547025/steam-game-sales-revenue/ 

10 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

● Steam   imposes   a   high   transaction   fee,   as   much   as   15%. 

 

Third   Party   Trading   Sites 

 

A   number   of   third   party   trading   sites   have   attempted   to   address   some   of   the   above   issues.      These 

sites   connect   to   Steam   and   facilitate   transactions   for   the   same   digital   goods,   except   that   gamers   can 

sell   them   for   actual   cash.      OPSkins,   the   largest   and   probably   oldest   marketplace   in   this   category, 

performs   well   financially,   reportedly   processing   as   much   as   $120,000   worth   of   transactions   a   day.       As 6

a   class,   however,   many   of   these   third-party   trading   sites   are   problematic   themselves:  

● Many   of   them   operate   with   no   transparency   into   their   owners   and   managers.      A   number   of 

them   were   allegedly   associated   with   supporting   illegal   gambling,   and   many   allegedly   operate 

with   questionable   tactics.   7

● They   only   support   Steam   digital   goods,   leaving   the   problem   with   much   of   the   gaming   digital 

goods   universe   unsolved. 

 

 

  

  

 

   

6   https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/wnj935/heres-how-you-make-12000-in-profit-a-day-selling-virtual-guns 
7   https://www.polygon.com/2016/6/23/12020154/counter-strike-csgo-illegal-gambling-lawsuit-weapon-skins-valve 

11 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

3.      Our   Company   –   Gameflip 

3.1.      Company   Background 

Gameflip   is   at   the   forefront   addressing   the   demand   for   liquidity   for   digital   goods.      Founded   in   2014, 

our   company   is   based   in   the   Silicon   Valley,   California,   USA,   and   funded   by   top   tier   venture   capital 

investors,   with   more   than   $10   million   raised.      We   have   already   built   one   of   the   largest   digital   goods 

marketplace   platforms,   with   more   than   2   million   registered   users   and   500,000   monthly   actives.      The 

platform   has   grown   significantly   in   the   last   two   years.      We   intend   to   leverage   our   deep   knowledge   of 

the   gaming   industry,   the   understanding   of   digital   goods   marketplaces,   and   the   technological   expertise 

of   the   current   platform   to   grow   and   scale   the   new   decentralized   ecosystem.  

 

 

3.2.      Gameflip   Team   Overview 

Our   team   is   comprised   of   top   notch   gaming   industry   veterans,   technology   innovators,   and   proven 

entrepreneurs.      To   highlight   some   of   the   team's   qualifications   and   experience:  

 

Extensive   Experience   in   Gaming 

 

Our   team   has   been   in   gaming   since    2006 .      Prior   to   founding   Gameflip,   we   built   a   global   games 

publishing   and   development   business   (Aeria   Games)   from   scratch,   with   offices   spanning   the   U.S., 

Germany,   Brazil,   Japan,   and   Korea.      We   published   a   multitude   of   PC   and   mobile   games   across   11 

languages   worldwide,   serving   over   40   million   gamers   on   our   platform.      We   achieved   an   annual 

revenue   run   rate   of   $110   million   and   eventually   sold   the   business   to   ProSiebenSat.1,   a   German   media 

conglomerate,   in   2014.      We   have   also   built   PC   and   mobile   game   development   and   publishing 

businesses   in   Japan   and   Korea   and   sold   them   to   major   companies   like   GMO   and   WanderPlanet. 

12 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

Strong   Industry   Network 

 

With   10+   years   in   the   gaming   industry,   our   management   team   has   a   very   strong   network   of   partners. 

We   have   worked   extensively   with   the   following   companies   and/or   individuals   who   now   serve   as   senior 

executives   at   these   companies:      Electronic   Arts,   Disney,   Ubisoft,   Perfect   World,   Shanda,   Nexon,   Sony, 

NHN,   Neowiz,   GREE,   DeNA,   Square   Enix,   and   Bigpoint,   among   others. 

 

Corporate   Governance   under   the   Highest   U.S.   Standards;   Backed   by   Top   Notch   Investors   

 

Compared   to   other   third   party   marketplaces,   we   operate   with   transparency.      We   are   funded   by,   and   we 

report   to,   top   notch   Silicon   Valley   venture   capitalists   and   other   leading   investors,   including: 

● GoAhead   Ventures,   with   strong   ties   to   Stanford   University   and   principals   from   Forbes'   "30 

Under   30   List"   for   2017; 

● Bullpen   Capital,   with   deep   experience   in   gaming   (one   of   their   partners   is   a   co-founder   of 

Electronic   Arts);   and 

● Lightbank,   whose   team   is   comprised   of   the   founders   of   Groupon.   

  

 

   

13 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

3.3.      Gameflip   Team   Member   Bios 

 

JT   Nguyen,   CEO   and   Co-Founder   of   Gameflip,     is   a   successful   serial 

entrepreneur   with   a   proven   track   record.      He   has   over   15   years   of 

experience   building   and   managing   complex   businesses,   including   10 

years   in   the   gaming   industry.      Prior   to   Gameflip,   JT   served   as   COO   of 

Aeria   Games,   a   global   publisher   and   developer   of   free-to-play   games, 

growing   the   company   from   10   employees   to   over   300   worldwide, 

overseeing   operations   in   the   U.S.,   Germany,   and   Brazil.      Under   JT's 

leadership,   Aeria   Games'   annual   revenue   run   rate   reached   $110   million, 

and   the   company   was   ultimately   sold   to   ProSiebenSat.1,   a   German 

media   conglomerate.  

 

Prior   to   Aeria   Games,   JT's   other   experiences   cut   across   multiple   industries.      Among   other   things, 

he   has   served   as   operations   strategy   consultant   in   the   finance   industry   at   HSBC,   software 

engineer   in   the   retail   industry   at   an   early   stage   eCommerce   startup,   and   RF   hardware   engineer   in 

the   mobile   industry   at   Motorola. 

 

JT   obtained   his   MBA   from   the   UCLA   Anderson   School   of   Management   and   his   MS   in   Electrical 

Engineering   from   Stanford   University.      He   obtained   his   BS   in   Electrical   Engineering   from   the 

University   Illinois   at   Urbana   Champaign   where   he   graduated   first   in   his   class. 

 

 

 

Terry   Ngo,   CTO   and   Co-Founder   of   Gameflip,     has   19   years   of   experience 

building   and   leading   engineering   and   product   development,   including   11 

years   in   the   gaming   industry.      Prior   to   Gameflip,   Terry   served   as   CTO   and 

co-founder   of   Aeria   Games,   starting   the   company   from   scratch   and 

growing   it   to   300   employees   worldwide   with   offices   in   the   U.S.,   Germany, 

and   Brazil.      Under   Terry's   leadership,   Aeria   Games   built   a   leading   online 

game   publishing   platform   serving   over   40   millions   gamers   globally, 

14 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

publishing   a   multitude   of   PC   and   mobile   games   in   11   languages,   and 

delivering   the   highest   monetization   rate   in   the   industry   using   a   single 

common   virtual   currency. 

 

Prior   to   Aeria   Games,   Terry's   other   experience   included   engineering   leadership   in   building   highly 

scalable   distributed   applications   in   mobile   and   web   platforms   for   consumers   and   enterprises.  

 

Terry   obtained   his   MS   in   Electrical   Engineering   from   Stanford   University,   his   BS   in   Computer 

Engineering   and   BS   in   Mathematics   from   Southern   Methodist   University,   where   he   graduated 

first   in   his   engineering   class.      He   also   holds   a   U.S.   patent   in   mobile   wireless   devices. 

 

 

 

Bryan   Talbot,   Head   of   Engineering    at   Gameflip,   has   over   20   years 

working   at   the   forefront   of   Silicon   Valley   technologies.      Prior   to   Gameflip, 

he   was   the   platform   architect   at   Aeria   Games   where   he   designed   and 

oversaw   the   implementation   of   the   global   publishing   platform   serving   over 

40   million   gamers   from   multiple   data   centers   located   in   North   America   and 

Europe. 

 

Bryan’s   previous   experience   ranged   from   operating   system   device   driver   development,   expert 

system   (AI)   design   for   a   multi-national   customs   (import/export)   clearance   system,   email   security 

(for   which   he   holds   a   patent),   mobile   network   and   terminal   performance   monitoring,   and   many 

years   of   server   distributed   systems   design   and   operation. 

 

Bryan   earned   a   BS   in   Computer   Engineering   from   the   University   of   California   at   San   Diego 

(UCSD).      While   an   undergraduate   student   at   UCSD,   he   was   a   mission   lead   for   a   flight   payload   on 

Space   Shuttle   flight   STS-81   for   the   KidSat   project   lead   by   Dr.   Sally   Ride. 

 

 

 

 

15 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

Ed   Kim,   Head   of   Business   Development     at   Gameflip,   is   a   games 

industry   veteran   with   15   years   of   experience   in   free-to-play,   digital 

goods,   and   virtual   economies   spanning   across   PC   and   mobile.   

  

Prior   to   joining   Gameflip,   he   was   CEO   and   co-founder   of   Vector   Gfx,   a 

developer   of   motion   tracking   and   image   recognition   software   for   VR   and 

AR   platforms.      Earlier   in   his   career,   Ed   was   Director   of   Business 

Development   and   employee   #9   at   RockYou,   one   of   the   early   developers 

in   the   western   world   pioneering   the   free-to-play   model,   Head   of 

Business   Development   at   Bigpoint   Games,   one   of   the   largest   game 

portals   in   the   world   with   over   300   million   players,   and   Head   of   Business 

Development   at   KIXEYE,   a   leading   social   and   mobile   game   developer   of 

multiplayer   real-time   strategy   games.   

 

Ed   holds   an   MBA   from   the   Marshall   School   of   Business   at   the   University   of   Southern   California 

and   a   bachelor's   degree   from   the   University   of   Michigan   -   Ann   Arbor.  

 

 

 

Udayan   Sharma,   Head   of   Marketing    at   Gameflip,   is   a   leader   with   over 

12   years   of   experience   in   gaming,   e-commerce   and   tech.      He   has   8   years 

of   experience   building   brands   and   owning   the   entire   user   acquisition 

funnel.      Prior   to   Gameflip,   he   was   in   the   digital   free-to-play   gaming   space 

as   Director   of   Marketing   at   Aeria   Games   where   he   led   the   launch   of   10+ 

PC   and   mobile   gaming   titles   including   X-Men   and   Assassin's   Creed,   and 

managed   all   marketing   functions   like   user   acquisition,   SEO   and   brand. 

His   earlier   experience   has   consisted   of   successful   roles   in   both   startups 

and   Fortune   500   companies,   such   as   Excelics   Semiconductor   and 

Cadence   Design   Systems. 

 

Udayan   holds   an   MBA   from   Purdue   University,   Krannert   School   of   Management   and   a   BS   in 

Electrical   Engineering   from   Oregon   State   University   where   has   was   a   Laurels   Scholar. 

 

16 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

 

 

Matheus   Arnellas,   Head   of   Live   Operations     at   Gameflip,   leads   the 

departments   of   sales,   customer   support,   fraud   prevention   and   business 

intelligence.      With   6   years   of   experience   managing   cross-functional 

teams   in   the   digital   free-to-play   games   space,   he   has   successfully   led   the 

release   and   operations   of   12   titles   across   the   PC   and   mobile   platforms, 

including   those   with   multi-billion   dollar   IP   such   as   X-Men,   Assassin's 

Creed   and   EA   Sports   FIFA.      As   an   avid   gamer   since   the   age   of   5,   Matheus 

have   orbited   around   the   gaming   industry   as   a   Counter-Strike   Pro   player 

during   the   early   2000’s,   but   his   major   contributions   would   come   later   in 

the   2010’s   when   taking   production,   marketing   and   operations   roles   at 

companies   such   as   Electronic   Arts,   Aeria   Games   and   PlayNext.      Matheus 

has   expertise   in   both   the   Latin   and   North   American   markets. 

 

Matheus   holds   an   MBA   from   FIPE   São   Paulo   and   a   bachelor's   degree   in   Marketing   &   Advertising 

from   PUC   Campinas   -   Brazil. 

 

 

 

Tony   Simonovsky,   ICO   Success   Manager ,    is   a   serial   entrepreneur   with 

more   than   14   years   of   experience   in   digital   marketing.      He   started   his   first 

business   at   the   age   of   19,   sold   it   6   years   later   and   started   to   live   a   life   of   a 

digital   nomad.      At   the   same   time   he   started   his   second   business,   which   he 

successfully   manages   while   on   the   go.   

 

In   2017   Tony   advised   the   KickICO   team   to   help   increase   exposure   for   their   upcoming   ICO   to 

global   crypto-token   purchasers   by   means   of   growth   marketing   which   resulted   in   total   amount 

raised   of   85,000   ETH   (~$23,000,000). 

   

17 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

3.4.       FLIP   Advisory   Board   Members 

 

Richard   Melmom,   Emeritus   Partner   at   Bullpen   Capital   |   Co-Founder   of 

Electronic   Arts   (USA) 

Richard   is   a   serial   entrepreneur   and   investor.      Most   notably,   he   co-founded 

Electronic   Arts   ($37   billion   market   cap   as   of   September   2017),   and   his   work   at 

Electronic   Arts   still   has   lasting   influence   on   the   entire   gaming   industry.      Other 

companies   that   he   founded   or   led   investments   in   include,   among   others: 

Melmon   Tawa   &   Partners   (sold   to   Livingston   and   Co.),   Objective   Software   (sold 

to   Asymetrix),   Broadware   (sold   to   Cisco),   and   BigFix   (sold   to   IBM).   

 

 

 

Kotaro   Yamagishi,   CEO   of   Keio   Innovation   Initiative,   Inc.   |   Board   Member 

and   Co-Founder   of   GREE,   Inc.   (Japan) 

Kotaro   Yamagishi   serves   as   CEO   of   Keio   Innovation   Initiative,   Inc.   (KII)   which   is 

Keio   University's   venture   capital   since   its   establishment   in   December   2015. 

Prior   to   KII,   he   co-founded   GREE,   Inc.   in   December   2004,   and   still   serves   as   the 

company's   non-executive   director   (a   member   of   the   board).      Earlier   in   his 

career,   he   was   editor-in-chief   of   CNET   Japan   and   editor   at   Nikkei   Business 

Publications,   Inc.  

 

 

 

Heiko   Hubertz,   CEO   and   Founder   of   WHOW   Games   GmbH   |   Founder   of 

BIGPOINT   GmbH   (Germany)  

Heiko   is   a   well-known   serial   entrepreneur   in   gaming.      Prior   to   WHOW   Games, 

he   was   the   CEO   and   founder   of   BIGPOINT   GmbH,   a   pioneering   developer   and 

publisher   of   web   games,   which   he   sold   at   a   valuation   of   $600   million. 

 

 

18 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

 

Yoon   Im,   SVP   of   Publishing   &   Platform   of   Perfect   World   (USA   &   Europe) 

Yoon   is   an   expert   in   micro   transactions   and   online   game   publishing.   As   a 

Co-Founder   of   Perfect   World   Entertainment,   Yoon   has   been   involved   in   every 

aspects   of   Perfect   World’s   growth   and   success.   He   is   currently   in   charge   of   all 

business   operations   in   North   America   &   Europe. 

 

 

 

Chris   Akhavan,   Chief   Revenue   Officer,   Glu   Mobile   (USA) 

Chris   Akhavan   oversees   Glu’s   worldwide   business   operations   including   user 

acquisition,   marketing,   advertising   monetization,   strategic   partnerships,   and 

international   expansion.      Prior   to   joining   Glu,   he   served   as   Senior   Vice 

President   of   Global   Partnerships   for   Tapjoy   where   he   was   a   key   early   member 

of   the   team   that   built   a   leading   mobile   advertising   and   monetization   platform. 

Before   joining   Tapjoy,   Chris   held   positions   at   RockYou!,   VideoEgg   and   Yahoo!. 

 

 

 

Malte   Barth,   Head   of   esports   at   Modern   Times   Group   (USA   &   Europe) 

Malte   is   a   seasoned   Professional   in   Gaming   and   esports.   He   oversees   all 

esports   investments   at   Modern   Times   Group   (MTG)   since   2014   which   includes 

ESL   (Electronic   Sports   League),   DreamHack   and   Bitkraft   Esports   Ventures, 

which   grew   to   be   the   globally   leading   esports   organisation.   He   keeps   actively 

supporting   ESL,   DreamHack   and   Bitkraft   as   an   Executive   Board   Member.  

 

 

 

Billy   Sungwoo   Lee,   COO   of   PayLetter,   Inc.   (Korea) 

Billy   is   a   payment   and   billing   business   expert   and   works   with   many   gaming 

companies.      PayLetter,   where   he   serves   as   COO,   was   established   in   2001   with 

only   8   employees   originally,   and   it   has   since   grown   to   service   more   than   100 

billing   solution   customers   and   500   payment   service   customers   all   over   the 

19 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

world,   including   Riot   Games,   the   developer   and   publisher   of   League   of 

Legends. 

 

 

 

Takayuki   Nagashima,   CEO   of   Aeria,   Inc.   (Japan) 

Takayuki   Nagashima   is   a   well-known   entrepreneur   in   Japan   and   the   CEO   of 

Aeria   Inc.,   a   publicly   listed   company.      Aeria   has   been   at   the   forefront   of   the 

game   development   and   publishing   in   Japan.   It   was   an   early   adopter   of   the 

free-to-play   model,   launching   one   of   the   first   successful   free-to-play   PC   games 

in   Japan,   and   is   now   a   developer   of   successful   mobile   games   like   Klee,   I   Chu.  

 

 

 

Masahiro   Yasu,   CEO   of   ALIS   (Japan) 

Masahiro   Yasu   is   a   pioneer   in   initial   coin   offerings   in   Japan   and   the   CEO   of   ALIS, 

which   recently   completed   a   successful   ICO   as   the   first   crypto-currency   for   a 

social   media   company   in   Japan.      He   is   also   a   project   leader   for   a   joint   project 

with   Microsoft   Japan.      Prior   to   that,   he   was   at   Recruit,   the   second   largest   HR 

company   in   the   world,   and   won   the   highest   internal   award   for   achievement.  

 

 

 

Xiang   Wang,   Blockchain   Advisor 

Xiang   Wang   has   over   15   years   of   experience   with   software   design   and 

development,   specializing   in   authentication,   data   encryption   and   blockchain 

technologies.      He   founded   and   operated   two   startup   companies   in   China   and   has 

extensive   knowledge   and   business   experience   in   the   Chinese   market.      Currently   he 

is   providing   assistance   to   engage   cryptocurrency   investor   communities   there.  

 

 

 

 

20 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

 

Kevin   Xu,   Blockchain   Advisor 

Kevin   Xu   is   a   senior   software   engineer   with   experiences   building   distributed 

systems,   designing   checkout   flows,   and   handling   security   at   Stripe   and 

previously   his   own   startup   FanHero,   YC   S13.   His   interest   in   blockchain 

technology   started   with   his   first   purchase   of   Bitcoin   at   $10   and   currently   is 

helping   companies   launch   ICOs   before   starting   his   own   blockchain   startup. 

 

 

3.5.      Investors   in   Gameflip   |   Investor   Representatives  
 

For   clarity,   this   section   lists   investors   in   Gameflip,   the   company,   not   purchasers   of   FLIP   tokens. 

 

Bullpen   Capital   |   Paul   Martino,   General   Partner  

Paul’s   long   list   of   successes   include,   among   others:   founding   Ahpah   Software   (a 

computer   security   firm   acquired   by   InterTrust),   and   investing   in   the   first   rounds 

of   Zynga   and   uDemy.      His   early   online   gaming   innovations   in   multi-player   user 

experience   from   almost   20   years   ago   are   the   inspiration   for   several   of   the 

modern   social   gaming   offerings.   

 

 

 

GoAhead   Ventures   |   Phil   Brady,   Managing   Partner 

Phil   is   on   the    Forbes'   "30   Under   30   List"   for   2017,   and   has    led   a   number   of 

investments   with   technology   companies   in   the   Silicon   Valley.       He   has   also   been 

active   in   the   crypto   community   since   2013,   having   spent   some   time   at   Xapo 

and   at   Andreessen   Horowitz   around   the   time   of   their   investments   into 

Coinbase   and   21   Inc.  

 

 

 

 

21 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

 

PlayNext,   Inc.   |   Lan   Hoang,   CEO  

Lan   is   an   incubator   of   new   businesses.      He   has   invested   in   various   startups   in 

the   U.S.,   Japan,   Korea   and   Germany   and   have   participated   in   multiple   exits, 

with   many   coming   from   Japan,   where   he   currently   resides.      Prior   to   PlayNext, 

he   worked   as   CEO   of   Aeria   Games   and   as   an   attorney   with   Orrick,   Herrington   & 

Sutcliffe.  

 

 

 

Lightbank   |   Bill   Pescatello,   Partner 

Bill   has   lead   many   successful   investments   throughout   his   career,   including, 

among   others,   Locu   (acquired   by   GoDaddy)   and   Greystripe   (acquired   by 

ValueClick).      Prior   to   Lightbank,   he   has   worked   at   NBCUniversal,   Morgan 

Stanley,   and   Merrill   Lynch. 

 

 

 

Forefront   Venture   Partners   |   Phil   Nadel,   Managing   Partner   and 

Co-Founder 

Phil   is   a   well-respected   serial   entrepreneur,   angel   investor,   and   published 

author.      He   has   started   and   sold   several   companies   and   has   invested   in   more 

than   75   startups   with   many   successful   exits.  

 

 

   

22 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

3.6.      The   Existing   Gameflip   Platform 

We   have   built   the   Gameflip   marketplace   platform   using   the   most   advanced   technology   to   deliver 

seamless,   secure,   and   transparent   peer-to-peer   digital   e-commerce,   targeting   the   gaming 

demographic.      Drawn   from   our   years   of   experience   in   the   gaming   industry,   Gameflip   is   uniquely 

positioned   to   deliver   value   and   engagement   to   a   wide   range   of   gaming   audience.      Gamers   can 

transact   digital   goods   from   a   multitude   of   gaming   platforms   and   from   the   broadest   categories.      The 

current   Gameflip   platform   is   the   only   one   that   offers   the   following   features: 

● access   to   the   marketplace   anywhere   from   the   laptop   or   through   iOS   or   Android   mobile   app; 

● highly   effective   fraud   detection   and   prevention,   enabling   the   ability   to   conduct   transactions 

safely; 

● escrow   of   digital   items   where   applicable,   and   auto   delivery   for   instant   gratification;  

● visibility   to   the   seller’s   reputation   /   ratings,   and   the   ability   to   communicate   with   the   seller 

directly   for   service   or   support; 

● advanced   inventory   management   tools,   including   API   access,   for   selling   with   ease;   and 

● option   to   choose   from   a   wide   range   of   digital   goods   on   PC,   mobile   and   console   games;   and 

from   the   broadest   categories   –   in-game   items,   in-game   currency,   and   digital   codes. 

       

23 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

Since   our   initial   launch,   over   2   million   global   gamers   have   joined   on   our   platform   with   over   500k 

monthly   actives,   resulting   in   monthly   sales   growth   of   over   1500%   since   2016.   

 

  

  

 

   

24 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

4.      The   Solution   –   FLIP   Token   and   Decentralized 
Ecosystem 
 

While   the   Gameflip   platform   is   already   succeeding   and   growing   quickly,   we   have   only   begun   to   scratch 

the   surface.      The   new   FLIP   token   and   decentralized   ecosystem   will   further   advance   our   vision   for   a 

fully   transparent   and   frictionless   infrastructure    for   transacting   digital   goods.      Blockchain   will   provide 

the   safest   storage   for   virtual   assets,   and   smart   contracts   will   create   a   transparent   public   ledger.   

 

FLIP   is   a   crypto-token   of   fixed   supply.      It 

is   fractionally   divisible,   and   units   of   FLIP 

are   fungible   and   transferable.   

 

 

4.1.      Overview   of   FLIP 

The   Ethereum   blockchain   will   serve   as   the   backbone   for   FLIP.      We   have   chosen   Ethereum   because   of 

its   flexibility   and   wide   spread   adoption.      Gamers   can   easily   send   digital   goods   and   FLIP   to   each   other, 

as   long   as   both   the   sender   and   the   recipient   have   an   Ethereum   compatible   wallet.      Game   publishers 

can   incorporate   this   function   –   for   gamers   to   securely   transfer   digital   goods   outside   of   the   game   – 

with   minimal   integration   efforts.      The   blockchain   will   act   as   a   multi-game   database,   securely   storing 

all   digital   goods   and   FLIP   and   tracking   who   owns   them.  

 

With   the   new   FLIP   token,   we   aim   to   shift   the   paradigm   for   the   industry   by   unlocking   digital   goods   from 

each   individual   game   and     creating   liquidity   for   them   via   trading   in   the   decentralized   ecosystem. 

Blockchain   technology   allows   such   trading   to   take   place   not   only   on   the   Gameflip   platform,   but   also 

universally   across   any   and   all   marketplaces,   safely   and   securely.      In   turn,   this   will   advance   the   entire 

digital   goods   ecosystem.   

 

25 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

4.2.      Implementation   using   Ethereum   and   ERC-20 

FLIP   will   leverage   the   Ethereum   blockchain,   the   current   industry   standard   for   issuing   custom   digital 

assets   and   smart   contracts.      By   conforming   to   the   ERC-20   token   interface,   FLIP   will   be   compatible 

with   the   existing   Ethereum   infrastructure,   such   as   development   tools,   wallets,   and   exchanges.      At   the 

heart   of   the   Ethereum   blockchain,   the   Ethereum   Virtual   Machine   (EVM)   allows   the   deployment   and 

execution   of   smart   contracts,   enabling   complex   issuance   rules   for   crypto-currencies   like   FLIP   and 

automating   incentive   structures.      In   short,   the   EVM   eliminates   any   question   of   trust   and   protects   the 

transacting   parties   against   fraud.       These   powerful   features   and   dynamic   ecosystem   make   Ethereum   a 

strong   fit   for   FLIP,   and   we   are   confident   that   this   will   translate   to    quick   adoption   by   game   publishers 

and   gamers. 

 

For   game   publishers,   we   will   provide   plug-ins   and   software   development   kits   (SDKs),   all   open-sourced, 

so   that   their   games   can   recognize   the   transfer   of   digital   goods   to   and   from   the   gamers’   blockchain 

wallets.      These   could   be   digital   currency   within   the   game,   or   in-game   items,   which   could   be   a   weapon 

or   armor.      They   could   also   be   different   cosmetic   skins,   additional   content,   special   game   edition,   or 

even   collectible   badges,   with   the   blockchain   network   tracking   the   ownership   of   all   such   digital   goods. 

 

Gamers   can   simply   use   off-the-shelf   Ethereum   wallets   to   hold   their   FLIP   and   digital   goods,   and   to 

freely   trade   them   with   each   other   anywhere.      Gamers   can   send   FLIP   and   digital   goods    using   familiar 

mechanics   like   how   users   of   Wechat   Wallet,   Paypal   and   Venmo   send   value   to   one   another.      All 

transfers   and   ownership   data   will   be   securely   kept   on   the   blockchain,   with   smart   contracts 

safeguarding   against   fraud.  

 

Game   publishers   or   third   party   tool   developers   can   also   provide   their   own   branded   wallets   that   allow 

gamers   to   more   easily   navigate   and   manage   their   inventory.      With   blockchain   technology,   the 

ecosystem   is   opened   up   for   innovation. 

  

26 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

4.3.      Roadmap 

As   mentioned   earlier,   the   current   Gameflip   platform   is   already    the   most   comprehensive   centralized 

digital   goods   marketplace   platform.      Now,   a s   an   active   participant   of   the   new   decentralized 

ecosystem,   the   Gameflip   platform   will   be   transforming   and   transitioning   in   a   measured   and 

responsible   process   over   time.  

 

  Live   Today  Near   Future   (Q1   2018)  Long   Term   (Q3   2018) 

Platform 
Evolution 

Global   centralized 
marketplace   for   digital 
goods 

Global   centralized   marketplace 
for   digital   goods,   with   blockchain 
option   using   FLIP  

Bulk   transaction   volume 
decentralized 
 
Platform   for   connecting   and 
servicing   gamers 

Payment  Fiat   and   Bitcoin  Fiat,   Bitcoin,   Ethereum  Fiat   and   multiple   crypto-   currencies 

Safety  Custom   fraud   detection 
and   prevention 
 
No   blockchain 

Custom   fraud   detection 
prevention   for   non-blockchain 
transactions 
 
Partial   blockchain   support 

Smart   contracts   and   full   blockchain 
support 
 
Anti-fraud   solution   for   fiat 
transactions 

Trust  Reputation   system,   with 
Gameflip   reviewing 
disputes   between   buyer 
and   seller 

Partial   support   of   trustless   smart 
transactions   on   blockchain 

Smart   contracts   allow   trustless   and 
non-repudiation   transactions   on 
blockchain 
 
Reputation   and   dispute   resolution 
applicable   only   to   fiat   based 
transactions 

Coverage  Support   selected   eSport 
games,   gift   cards,   and 
other   digital   goods 

Support   all   top   games   in   eSports, 
MMO,   and   mobile   

Worldwide   game   publishers   and 
other   digital   goods   providers   self 
onboard   through   the   network 

 

4.4.      Business   Model 

The   Gameflip   decentralized   ecosystem   will   have   a   scalable   and   straightforward   business   model   to 

drive   adoption.      When   any   digital   goods   are   traded   among   gamers   using   FLIP,   the   publisher   of   that 

game   and   any   applicable   marketplace   /   transaction   enabler   will   take   a   small   percentage   of   the   FLIP.   

 

27 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

4.5.      Economic   Model 

The   supply   of   FLIP   will   be   capped   at   100   million.      After   all   100   million   tokens   have   been   issued,   new 

ones   will   not   be   created.      Increases   in   demand   will   not   be   met   by   any   additional   supply,   and   the   value 

of   the   FLIP   will   adjust   accordingly. 

 

 

  

4.6.      Network   Growth   Model 

The   importance   of   the   network   growth   model   cannot   be   understated.      While   gamers   will   naturally   be 

attracted   to   liquidity   for   their   digital   goods,    game   publishers   will   also   play   a   very   key   role   in   this 

ecosystem.      Arguably,   game   publishers   are   even   more   important   than   gamers   in   driving   network 

growth.      More   than   one   crypto-token   will   be   available   for   the   gaming   market,   and   each   game   publisher 

will   decide   which   crypto-token(s)   to   implement   for   its   games   and   digital   goods.   

28 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

 

 

Leveraging   the   Gameflip   team’s    in-depth   insight   from    decades   of   experience   in   the   gaming   industry   – 

previously   as   game   developers   and   publishers   with   a   platform   serving   40   million   gamers,   and   now   as 

digital   goods   marketplace   operators,    we   have   designed   a   powerful   network   growth   model   to   drive   the 

adoption   of   FLIP: 

● Out   of   the   100   million   total   supply   of   FLIP,   up   to   40   million   will   be   reserved   to   incentivize   game 

publishers   to   promote   network   growth.      After   FLIP   has   become   fully   utilizable,   these   reserved 

FLIP   will   be   gradually   released   over   time,   via   sales   that   are   facilitated   by   game   publishers,   as 

set   forth   in   Table   4.6   below.   

● Game   publishers   participate   in   the   network   growth   model   by   integrating   FLIP   and   facilitating 

the   sale   of   these   reserved   tokens   to   their   gamer   communities   as   the   tokens   are   released   over 

time. 

● Game   publishers   who   are   early   participants   will   receive,   as   incentives,   all   proceeds   from   such 

sale.      Later   adopters   will   also   be   rewarded   handsomely,   but   their   percentage   share   of   the 

proceeds   will   be   reduced   over   time,   as   set   forth   in   Table   4.6   below.   

 

FLIPs   Reserved   for   Network   Growth 

Distribution   Schedule  Jul.   1,   2018  Jan.   1,   2019  Jul.   1,   2019  Jan.   1,   2020 

Number   of   FLIPs   Available   for 
Distribution 

10,000,000  10,000,000  10,000,000  10,000,000 

Portion   of   Proceeds   to   Game 
Publishers   as   Incentives 

100%  80%  60%  40% 

Portion   of   Proceeds   for 
Reinvestment   in   Additional 
Network   Growth 

-  20%  40%  60% 

 
Table   4.6 

 

29 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

Any   portion   of   these   proceeds   that   are   not   allocated   to   game   publishers   as   their   incentives   will   be 

reinvested   towards   additional   network   growth,   which   could   be   in   the   form   of   incentives   for   game 

publishers,   third-party   marketplaces   and   transaction   enablers,   gamers   and   gamer   communities, 

third-party   development,   or   marketing,   among   other   things.      These   proceeds   will   not   be   retained   by 

Gameflip. 

 

As   far   as   we   know,   the   design   for   FLIP   is 

the   only   one   with   built-in,   concrete,   and 

generous   benefits   for   game   publishers. 

As   such,   we   are   confident   that   FLIP   will 

be   adopted   swiftly   and,   importantly,   FLIP 

will   emerge   as   the   dominant   blockchain   token   for   the   gaming   industry. 

 

 

5.      Technical   Considerations 

The   Ethereum   blockchain   isn’t   without   limitations.      Currently,   the   Ethereum   network   operates   on   a 

proof-of-work    consensus   algorithm   to   confirm   transactions,   and   this   design   places   a   hard   limit   on 

throughput   and   scalability.      The   current   average   confirmation   time,   or   block   time,   is   approximately   25 

seconds .      Future   version   of   Ethereum   may   enhance   throughput   by   switching   to   a    proof-of-stake 8

consensus   algorithm. 

 

Until   these   limitations   are   addressed   by   the   Ethereum   network,   a   purely-on-chain   solution   may   not   be 

optimal,   for   there   are   two   issues.   The   first   issue   is   the   lengthy   Ethereum   transaction   confirmation 

time,   a   significantly   delayed   responsiveness   that   gamers   typically   do   not   expect.      The   second   issue   is 

that   the   Ethereum   blockchain   requires   fees   to   be   paid   in   Ether   for   every   transaction,   creating   an 

adoption   barrier   for   the   average   gamer. 

 

Given   these   barriers,   the   initial   implementation   will   most   likely   take   the   form   of   a   semi-centralized 

hybrid   on-chain   and   off-chain   transaction   service,   or   a   partial   blockchain   implementation   described   on 

our   road   map.      At   the   core,   the   transactions   using   FLIP   will   be   settled   on   the   Ethereum   blockchain. 

8   https://etherscan.io/chart/blocktime 

30 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

However,   prior   to   the   settlement,   the   Gameflip   platform   may   still   provide   the   needed   service   to   (1) 

improve   user   experience   by   reducing   latency   and   (2)   avoid   network   fees   when   transacting   between 

users. 

 

5.1.      The   “Trusted   Providers” 

The   Ethereum   blockchain   solves   a   lot   of   the   “trust”   issues   by   making   transactions   secured,   with   smart 

contracts   in   a   trustless   environment.      However,   for   practical   and   complex   apps,   such   as   video   games, 

the   Ethereum   network   still   has   many   limitations.      For   example,   smarts   contracts   must   be   created, 

certified   by   the   game,   and   deployed   to   the   Ethereum   network.      With    block    time    often   facing    some 

delays,   responsive   experience   can   only   be   achieved    by    using    off-chain    notifications.   

 

Trusted    Providers,   such   as   the   Gameflip   platform,   will   be   authorized   to   provide   off-chain   services   such 

as   notifications   or   creating   and   configuring   smart   contracts,   on   behalf   of   game   publishers   or   gamers. 

In   our   example   above,   the   Gameflip   platform   can   facilitate   the   listing   contract   and    send     instant 

transaction    notifications    to    the   game   service   or   the    gamer's   wallet   for   confirmation,   similar   to   how   the 

Gameflip   platform   functions   today   by   sending   notifications   to   its   users   on   mobile   apps   when   a 

transaction   takes   place.           

 

As   the   Ethereum   network   evolves   and   develops   more   capabilities,   we   expect   the   use   of   Trusted 

Providers   to   be   diminished   and   eventually   removed. 

 

5.2.      Listing   Game   Items   “For   Sale”   on   Blockchain 

While   blockchain   can   store   data,   it   cannot   function   as   the   complete   game   database   for   a   multitude   of 

technical   reasons,   particularly   the   rapidly   changing   state   and   processing   of   data   during   gameplay. 

The   natural   use   of   blockchain   is   to   store   data   that   can   certify   the   ownership,   and   transfer   of 

ownership,   of   an   item   so   that   it   can   be   sold   and   accepted   by   the   game.      We   can   think   of   the 

blockchain   as   an   escrow   service   where   gamers   can   use   for   changing   ownership,   and   the   smart 

contract   will   guarantee   item   delivery   and   payment. 

 

31 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

 

 

The   subsequent   diagram   describes   the   flow   for   a   gamer   who   wishes   to   list   a   game   item   for   sale.      In 

this   use   case,   the   game   service   simply   allows   a   request   from   the   gamer   to   place   the   item   into   a    vault 

or    bank ,   or   a   similar   storage   structure,   for   escrow   when   creating   and   deploying   a   smart   contract   for 

listing   the   item   in   the   blockchain. 

 

 

 

Most   games   already   have   item   trading   or   transfer,   solely   within   that   game,   as   part   of   its   in-game 

economy.      Utilizing   a   similar   mechanism,   placing   the   game   item   in   a    vault    would   take   the   item   out   of 

the   gameplay,   guaranteeing   that   the   gamer   will   continue   to   possess   the   item   until   it’s   sold.      The   item 

can   only   be   returned   to   the   gameplay   from   the    vault    when   either   (1)   its   current   owner   cancels   the 

32 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

listing   smart   contract   or   (2)   the   new   owner   claims   the   item   after   successful   execution   of   the   smart 

contract. 

 

Once   in   the   blockchain,   the   seller   will   have   the   freedom   to   create   and   configure   the   smart   contract   as 

to   how   he   wants   his   item   to   be   sold,   such   as   direct   buy,   bidding,   or   other   means.      Further,   he   can 

subsequently   post   and   promote   his   listing   on   marketplaces   such   as   Gameflip   or   directly   to   other 

potential   buyers. 

5.3.      Purchasing   Items   Using   Smart   Contract 

Once   the   listing   smart   contract   is   created   on   the   blockchain,   any   gamer   with   FLIP   can   purchase   the 

item   using   his   wallet. 

 

 

 

After   the   purchase,   the   smart   contract   will   automatically   change   the   item   ownership   in   the   blockchain, 

distribute   the   FLIP   tokens   to   the   seller   and   commission   to   the   game   publisher,   any   trusted   provider, 

and/or   third   party   enablers   such   as   listing   service.      When   the   new   owner   claims   the   item   within   the 

33 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

game,   the   item   is   then   transferred   back   into   the   gameplay   from   the    vault    and   its   associated   data   is 

removed   from   the   blockchain. 

 

Technically,   gamers   can   use   any   ERC-20   compatible   wallet   client,   but   it   would   be   difficult   to   use   in   the 

context   of   gaming   application.      Therefore,   we   will   develop   and   provide   a   Gameflip   wallet   client   that   is 

gaming   friendly,   one   that   can   enable   gamers   to   view   and   manage   their   game   item   inventory.      Not   only 

will   it   be   easy   to   use,   but   also   it   can   directly   connect   to   the   Gameflip   platform   for   other   services,   such 

as   listing   on   the   Gameflip   marketplace,   item   store   management,   and   sale   promotion. 

 

5.4.      Publishers   Can   Customize   and   Control 

Few,   if   any,   game   publishers   would   want   all   game   items   freely   tradable   or   transferable.      The   desire   to 

control   what   items   can   be   traded   or   sold   is   more   pronounced   for   games   that   rely   on   having   a   healthy 

and   balanced   in-game   economy.      Game   publishers   also   need   to   constantly   protect   their   games   from 

bad   actors,   security   exploits   or   financial   frauds.      Having   the   appropriate   controls   on   items   flowing 

in/out   of   the   game   is   absolutely   essential   for   game   publishers   to   both   protect   their   business   and 

provide   the   entertainment   for   their   gamers. 

 

Having   developed   and   published   many   PC   and   mobile   games   before,   this   Gameflip   team   understands 

this   need   very   thoroughly,   and   better   than   any   other   providers   of   gaming   cryto-tokens.      With   our 

solution,   game   publishers   can   design   and   configure   the   criteria   for   listing   game   items   on   the 

blockchain.      The   criteria   can   include,   but   are   not   limited   to,   the   type   of   items,   the   player   level, 

outstanding   number   of   listings,   etc. 

 

5.5.      Game   Integration 

The   smart   contracts   will   be   the   core   engine   that   conducts   the   transactions   securely.      However,   game 

integration   will   also   be   necessary   to   ensure   that   the   game   can   fulfill   the   contracts   off-chain,   interface 

with   blockchain,   and   provide   good   user   experience.      Our   approach   toward   game   integration   consists 

of   two   primary   criteria: 

34 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

1. Least   invasive   and   highly   decoupled    -   As   a   former   game   publisher,   we   know   that   drastic 

changes   to   the   game   would   be   undesirable,   especially   if   it   can   alter   the   user   interface   or   the 

gaming   experience. 

2. Trusted   Provider   is   optional    -   The   role   of   the   trusted   provider   should   be   optional   so   that   game 

publishers   can   work   with   any   provider   who   can   add   value   to   their   service   or   develop   their   own 

solution   to   avoid   being   “locked   in”. 

 

We   will   provide   game   publishers   with   access   to   our    Gameflip   platform   API ,   along   with   a   set   of   SDKs 9

in   popular   programming   languages   (e.g.   C#,   Java,   NodeJS,   etc.)   to   facilitate   function   calls   to   smart 

contracts,   including   monitoring   and   receiving   notifications   from   the   Ethereum   Network.      The   SDKs   will 

be   open   source   and   actively   updated. 

 

Game   publishers   will   have   a   wide   range   of   choices   to   customize   the   user   experience   for   their   games. 

Sophisticated   game   publishers   with   their   own   platform   can   also   choose   to   provide   their   own   API   and 

SDKs   to   independently   service   their   gamers   without   working   with   Gameflip. 

 

5.6.      Smart   Wallets   and   Decentralization 

Gameflip   will   provide   gamers   a   smart   wallet   client   that   can   greatly   enhance   user   experience   for   buying 

and   selling   in-game   items   on   Gameflip   marketplace.      Gamers   can   still   use   any   other   ERC-20 

compatible      wallet   to   buy   and   sell   on   other   marketplaces   of   their   choice.      Game   publishers   can   also 

choose   to   develop   their   own   smart   wallet   that   directly   integrate   into   their   game. 

 

As   the   ecosystem   matures,   we   anticipate   that   many   developers   will   create   more   sophisticated   wallets, 

tools,   and   apps   to   support   gamers. 

 

   

9   Gameflip   API   on   GitHub:   https://gameflip.github.io/gfapi/ 

35 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

6.      Benefits   for   Game   Publishers   and   Gamers 

FLIP   will   dramatically   expand   the   overall   size   of   the   gaming   digital   goods   market   by   creating 

significant   benefits   for   both   gamers   and   game   publishers.  

 

6.1.      Gamers 

Having   the   flexibility   to   sell,   buy   and   trade   their   digital   goods,   of   course,   will   be   a   key   benefit   to 

gamers.      Importantly,   the   Gameflip   decentralized   ecosystem   will   also   remove   much   of   the   friction   in 

the   limited   existing   marketplaces,   as   smart   contracts   will   eliminate   fraud. 

  

The   ability   to   sell,   buy   and   trade   securely   will   create   a   multiplier   effect:      gamers   will   buy   more   and   pay 

higher   prices.      Gamers   will   have   much   more   of   a   sense   of   ownership   over   digital   goods,   and   therefore 

they   will   be   willing   to   pay   more   for   them.      Further,   knowing   that   they   can   retain   the   value   of   their 

investments   and   sell   them   later,   gamers   will   also   acquire   more   digital   goods   than   they   do   today   – 

more   skins,   more   powerful   weapons,   etc.      In   turn,   this   will   have   a   viral   effect,   as   gamers   who   have   not 

yet   adopted   FLIP   will   need   to   keep   pace   –   they   will   also   need   to   acquire   more   digital   goods   in   order   to 

stay   competitive   or   have   unique   skins   that   are   as   "cool"   as   their   friends’.      This   will   powerfully   drive 

adoption   of   FLIP   on   gamers’   end   and,   indeed,   the   overall   growth   of   the   digital   goods   market. 

 

6.2.      Game   Publishers  

Game   publishers   that   adopt   FLIP   will   benefit   from: 

● being   able   to   sell   more   digital   goods   at   higher   prices; 

● increased   longevity   of   their   games;   and 

● significant   brand   new   revenue   streams. 

 

Given   the   benefits   for   gamers   as   described   above,   and   how   gamers   will   buy   more   digital   goods   at 

higher   prices,   this   will   translate   directly   to   more   revenue   to   game   publishers.      Game   publishers   will 

adopt   FLIP   to   enjoy   "a   slice   of   this   bigger   pie."   

36 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

 

Indirectly,   when   gamers   buy   more   digital   goods,   they   will   also   stay   in   the   game   longer.      From   game 

publishers’   perspective,   retention   metrics   will   improve   and   gamers’   lifetime   value   (LTV)   will   increase, 

boosting   the   longevity   of   their   games.   

 

Importantly,   these   game   publishers   will   also   receive   brand   new   revenue   streams.      As   mentioned 

above,   (i)   in   Section   4.4   (Business   Model)   above,   whenever   gamers   buy   and   sell   digital   goods   with 

FLIP,   a   small   percentage   of   each   transaction   will   be   commission   for   the   applicable   game   publisher, 

and   (ii)   in   Section   4.6   (Network   Growth   Model),   whenever   game   publishers   facilitate   the   sale   of   those 

reserved   tokens,   a   significant   portion   of   the   proceeds   will   be   allocated   to   them   as   incentives.      Even 

better   yet,   these   revenues   will   basically   be   pure   profits   to   game   publishers,   as   their   cost   to   generate 

these   revenues   will   virtually   be   zero.   

 

7.      Token   Crowdsale   and   Distribution 

FLIP   tokens   are   received   immediately   upon   purchase. 

7.1.      Pricing 

● Base   rate 

○ The   price   of   each   1   FLIP   will   be   0.005   ETH. 

○ In   other   words,   1   ETH   will   purchase   200   FLIPs. 

● Bonuses 

○ Bonuses   are   offered   based   on   the   timing   and   amount   of   token   purchased,   up   to   340 

FLIPs   per   1   ETH.      Please   see   below   sections   for   details. 

 

7.2.      Distribution 

As   mentioned   in   Section   4.5   (Economic   Model)   above,   the   supply   of   FLIP   will   be   capped   at   100 

million.      They   will   be   distributed   as   follows: 

 

37 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

Distribution   of   FLIP 

Token   Sale   (Pre-Sale   and   Main   Sale   Total)  43,200,000 

Network   Growth  40,000,000 

Gameflip  14,000,000 

Advisors   and   Partners  2,800,000 

Total  100,000,000 

 

7.3.      Token   Pre-Sale  

The   token   pre-sale   will   take   place   as   follows: 

● Start:      October   13,   2017,   at    19:00   (7   p.m.)   UTC 

● End:      October   27,   2017,   at   19:00   (7   p.m.)   UTC 

● Currency   accepted:      ETH 

● Bonuses: 

Purchase   Amount  Bonus  Final   Rate   -   Number   of   FLIPs   per   ETH 

>=   5,000   ETH  70%  340 

>=   3,000   ETH  60%  320 

>=   1,000   ETH  50%  300 

>=   100   ETH  40%  280 

>=   1   ETH  30%  260 

 

● Minimum   amount   per   purchaser:      1   ETH 

● Goal   for   the   pre-sale:      3,000   ETH 

 

7.4.      Token   Main   Sale  

The   main   sale   will   take   place   as   follows: 

● Start:      December   4 th ,   2017,   at   19:00   (7   p.m.)   UTC 

● End:      January   29 th ,   2018,   at   19:00   (7   p.m.)   UTC 

● Currency   accepted:      ETH 

38 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

● Bonuses   and   minimum   purchase   amounts: 

Time   Period  Bonus 
Final   Rate 

Number   of   FLIPs   per   ETH 

Dec   4 th ,   2017   at   19:00   UTC   to 

Dec   18 th ,   2017   at   18:59:59   UTC 
25%  250 

Dec      18 th ,   2017   at   19:00   UTC   to 

Jan   1 st ,   2018   at   18:59:59   UTC 
15%  230 

Jan   1 st ,   2018   at   19:00   UTC   to 

Jan   15 th ,   2018   at   18:59:59   UTC 
10%  220 

Jan   15 th ,   2018   at   19:00   UTC   to 

Jan   29 th ,   2018   at   19:00   UTC 
0%  200 

 

● Minimum   amount   per   purchaser:      0.1   ETH 

● Goal   for   the   main   sale   (soft   cap):      6,000   ETH 

● Maximum   total   number   of   tokens   for   the   pre-sale   and   main   sale   (hard   cap):      43,200,000. 

Unsold   tokens   at   the   end   of   the   crowdsale   will   be   discarded.   

● The   main   sale   will   end   at   the   earliest   of   the   following   events:   (i)   72   hours   after   12,000   ETH   is 

achieved   or   (ii)   43,200,000   FLIP   tokens   are   purchased   or   (iii)   the   end   date   of   January   29th, 

2018   at   19:00   UTC   is   reached. 

 

7.5.      Other   Tokens 

(a)   Network   Growth   –   40,000,000   Tokens.       As   described   in   Section   4.6   (Network   Growth   Model) 

above,   40,000,000   tokens   will   be   reserved   and   used   to   promote   network   growth,   creating   incentives 

for   game   publishers   to   adopt   and   facilitate   the   sale   of   FLIP   to   gamers. 

 

(b)   Gameflip   –   14,000,000   Tokens.       These   tokens   will   be   retained   by   Gameflip,   and   they   may   be   used 

for   marketing,   partnerships,   team   expansion,   future   development,   or   any   other   purposes   at   Gameflip’s 

discretion.      These   tokens   will   be   unlocked   as   follows: 

● 2,000,000   will   be   available   for   distribution   on   July   1,   2018; 

● 4,000,000   will   be   available   for   distribution   on   July   1,   2019;   and 

● 8,000,000   will   be   available   for   distribution   on   July   1,   2020. 

39 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

 

(c)   Advisors   and   Partners   –   2,800,000   Tokens.       These   tokens   will   be   reserved   for   advisors   and 

partners   of   Gameflip.      These   tokens   will   be   available   for   distribution   within   30   days   from   the   end   of 

the   token   main   sale. 

 

8.      Use   of   Proceeds 

 

The   proceeds   from   the   token   sale   will    be    used    for    the    development,    promotion,   and    growth   of   the   new 

decentralized   ecosystem.       The   preliminary    allocation   is   set   forth   below   but    is    subject    to    change: 

● Product   Development:      40% 

○ This   includes   development    and   operations   of   FLIP-related   technology,   such   as   smart 

 contracts,    wallets,    SDKs,     plugins,    and   other    updates.      This   will   also   include   hiring   of 

additional   personnel. 

● Marketing:      30% 

○ This    will   be    used   for    advertising,    promotional    events,   sponsorships,   and   other 

marketing   activities   to   promote   the   adoption   of   FLIP.     

● Partnerships:      15% 

○ This    will   be    used    to   develop   partnerships   and   attract   participants   in   the   FLIP 

decentralized   ecosystem.   

● General   and   Administrative:      15%  

○ This   includes,   among   other   things,   costs   associated   with   rent,   utilities,   insurance   and 

administrative   salaries. 

40 



 
 
Crypto-token   for   buying   and   selling   gaming   digital   goods  

 

41 


