












































 

 

 

 

 

 

The rewards market 
 

 

 

 

  



 

 

 

2 

 
This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell 

shares or securities in GATCOIN or any related or associated company.  

 

 

 

 

Vision  

At GATCOIN we envision a unified world of rewards, where consumers no longer have to join multiple 

loyalty, rewards and point programs and carry many cards and apps. A future where customer-centric 

companies will be rewarded with higher consumer engagement, greater brand awareness, and ultimately 

better business results. Where dead rewards who benefit no one, are a thing of the past and every promotion, 

coupon and incentive finds a home with the consumer that values it. 

 

GATCOIN – Everyday Rewards 

                 

  



 

 

 

3 

 

  

 Abstract 

Consumer rewards, discount codes and store coupons are, for the most part, illiquid. For a variety of reasons, 

consumers possess a disproportionate amount of coupons for stores they don’t visit, products they don’t 

want or loyalty points they do not take redeem. Merchants and big chains devote a lot of resources to keep 

track of rewards, and to market their programs. However only a small percentage of these get converted 

into products people actually buy, resulting in significant wasted resources. Eventually users are paying for 

rewards they don’t use. GATCOIN is a platform which allows the secure exchange of Merchant Rewards 

and enables low cost cross-border payments and microtransactions. This will add liquidity to currently 

unused (and often thrown away) coupons and loyalty rewards. Being able to exchange these Merchant 

Rewards creates a situation where they have actual value to someone. And as they have value they are no 

longer considered spam. Doing this on the blockchain means anyone can see and verify transactions and 

check the token supply. Blockchains offer the possibility for unique (and uniquely verifiable) items. As 

they are digital rewards for a multitude of stores, brands and merchants, they can be carried on a 

smartphone, without the need to carry around coupons or loyalty cards. Having them on a smartphone 

means a precise geolocation can be used to offer specific airdrops. Further, exchanging and spending 

Merchant Rewards and performing transactions from a smartphone wallet creates a variety of valuable data. 

This anonymized data can be bundled and presented to merchants and brands, giving them the opportunity 

to target specific groups of users according to their interests, demographics or location, instead of spamming 

heterogeneous groups of people all together.  

 

GAT is a digital token deployed on the Ethereum main network. Each merchant will be able to deploy their 

own Merchant Rewards, which can be exchanged for other Merchant Rewards through the GAT 

Marketplace, utilizing that GAT. 

 

  



 

 

 

4 

Table of Contents  
Table of Contents 4 

Introduction 5 

The Current Reward Ecosystem 5 

The Problem 5 

The Solution 6 

The GAT System 6 

Introduction 6 

Example Use Cases 7 

System objectives 8 

Value proposition 9 

Why Blockchain? 10 

GAT and Merchant Rewards 10 

Merchant Rewards 10 

GAT 11 

Consumer Targeting 13 

Patent-pending A-DropTM technology 14 

GAT holder incentives 16 

GATCOIN’s patent 17 

Technology 17 

Go to Market Strategy 19 

Revenue Model 19 

Merchant adoption 20 

Development Partners 20 

GATCOIN Roadmap 22 

The Team 22 

Core Team 23 

Location 25 

Token Distribution 26 

Distribution Period 26 

Use Of Proceeds 27 

Risks 29 

Miscellaneous 32 

Contact details 33 

 



 

 

 

5 

Introduction 

The Current Reward Ecosystem 

The global incentives and rewards industry is estimated to be worth around US$320 billion in 2017, and is 

growing at 6% per annum. However, there is a shocking level of under-utilization. Although the average 

consumer is a member of at least 29 incentive programs, 76% of the consumers simply do not use their 

shopping incentives1. According to the 2016 Bond Loyalty Report, which queried 12,000 Americans and 

7,000 Canadians about their 280 loyalty programs across all industries, the percentage of active members 

was only 50 percent and of these a full one-fifth had never redeemed their rewards. The same report also 

showed that loyalty rewards members who do not make redemptions were 2.7 times more likely to defect 

from a program and join another. 

 

The reason we ignore so many incentive programs, is because all programs generally look the same. Each 

provides, to varying degrees, some form of bonus, some form of discount, or some sort of privileged access. 

With an average of 29+ programs to track, it is not surprising that we have difficulty utilizing our rewards. 

The Problem  

While some economists may argue that low rewards utilization is good for the merchant, we think this is 

terrible. There is no use, in our view, of issuing thousands of rewards to consumers who routinely ignore 

them. This creates a bad user experience and is an incredible waste of resources on the merchant’s end. 

 

Even though discount coupons and loyalty rewards are powerful tools to trigger purchases, there is a 

surprising lack of consumer utilization. We believe this is a consequence of the traditionally illiquid and 

inflexible nature of retail rewards and shopping incentives, meaning users aren’t easily able to transfer, 

exchange or sell them to other users. Customers interested in a brand or product don’t have easy access to 

any potential coupons for the product or service they would actually like to buy. Oftentimes these coupons 

are given in the form of actual paper coupons or store cards to save loyalty points. Both are highly 

impractical for usage on a daily basis as they all have to be constantly carried around in physical wallets. 

 

Merchants have a hard time retaining customers. Prior to the digital information age, comparing different 

offers was a lot harder than it is nowadays with online price comparisons and reviews. Today, consumers 

are much more likely to switch to whichever is the cheapest, or has the highest reviews. Brick-and-mortar 

merchants (offline stores) face an even tougher challenge without the rich data set of their online 

competitors to target consumer groups by demographics, spending preferences or geolocation. Brick-and-

mortar merchants often send out large quantities of these coupons to users, creating vast amounts of spam 

without even offering real value to the consumer. To summarize, specifically these categories of merchant 

rewards have the following problems: 

 

● Loyalty points: not interchangeable between stores or brands. 

                                                      
1 Note: Survey results are global and based on more than 30,000 consumers. Source: Code Broker, The Nielsen 

Company 



 

 

 

6 

● Discount coupons: hard to acquire coupons for stores/brands people specific desire; carrying and 

managing numerous paper coupons is inconvenient. 

● Free samples: not specifically for the stores, brands or products consumers desire. 

The Solution 

Cryptocurrency markets today give merchants a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to transform their 

promotional rewards into digital assets. Digital assets have a market price and hence an immediate 

discernible value. 

 

The only thing missing is a platform which allows for the secure exchange of Merchant Rewards and which 

enables low cost cross-border payments and microtransactions. This will add liquidity to currently unused 

(and often discarded) coupons and loyalty rewards. Being able to exchange these Merchant Rewards creates 

a situation where they have tangible value to everyone and are therefore not considered spam. Doing this 

on the blockchain means anyone can see and verify transactions and check the token supply. Blockchains 

offer the possibility for unique (and uniquely verifiable) items. As they are digital rewards for a multitude 

of stores, brands and merchants, they can be stored  on a smartphone, without the need to carry around 

coupons or loyalty cards. Having them on your smartphone means your geolocation can be used to offer 

you specific airdrops. Moreover, exchanging and spending Merchant Rewards and performing transactions 

from your smartphone wallet creates a variety of valuable data. This data can be bundled and sold to 

merchants and brands, which give them the opportunity to target specific groups of users with certain 

interests, demographics or location, further eliminating spam and offering value to consumers. Integrated 

price comparison websites for immediate usage with the use of an API are another possibility to buy and 

sell these tokens on the exchange when needed. 

 

GATCOIN is the first system designed specifically to enable merchants to conveniently issue blockchain-

enabled rewards to a mass consumer audience. Discount coupons, promotions and loyalty rewards will be  

air-dropped by geolocation as digital assets to customers on the GATCOIN blockchain. 

 

The key feature of the GATCOIN system is that branded Merchant Rewards can be freely traded for 

GAT, a public digital token. Customers can now take GAT to any exchange in the world and trade them 

for real cash. The ability to convert reward incentives into real money frees the customer from any single 

rewards ecosystem. It also allows consumers to achieve 100% utilization of their disparate rewards 

incentives. 

 

The GAT System 

Introduction 

The proposed GAT System provides the solution to the mentioned problems. This chapter will describe the 

way in which the GAT System is the solution and even adds extra functionality and benefits to its 



 

 

 

7 

stakeholders. The GAT System is a broader enterprise system through which global merchants may issue 

their own digital rewards that can be used as discounts, gift cards and other promotional offerings. These 

rewards are called Merchant Rewards. GAT acts as the backbone to the system and is an ERC20 digital 

token that has been launched on the Ethereum main network.  Consumers can use their GAT to acquire 

Merchant Rewards or to convert their Merchant Rewards to GAT on the GAT Marketplace. It will be the 

exclusive in-app barter token for the trade of Merchant Rewards and incentivization of its users.  

 

Merchant Rewards are used to redeem real products and services from participating merchants. This will 

enable merchants to issue these rewards to a mass consumer audience with minimal set-up, allowing them 

to quickly adopt digital asset usage as part of their overall marketing strategy. The GAT System provides a 

stable and scalable solution for the controlled distribution of Merchant Rewards and consists of: 

 

● Rewards Manager: a mobile wallet to store and manage Merchant Rewards 

● Gift Box: a gift box where Merchant Rewards are A-dropped to users by geo-location 

● Rewards Marketplace: a comprehensive rewards marketplace where users can trade Merchant 

Rewards for GAT 

● Merchant Stores: dedicated in-app merchant portals where rewards may be collected and redeemed 

● GAT Wallet: a mobile digital token wallet for storing, buying, sending and receiving GAT 

● A-DropTM Delivery System: a patent-pending blockchain token delivery system that allows 

merchants to airdrop blockchain-enabled rewards to specific groups of consumers by demographic, 

spending preferences, and geo-location 

Example Use Cases 

Thomas 

Thomas is walking through the city. His favorite shoe store, Brand X, is one block away. He is not planning 

to go there, he is just walking around. The GAT App notifies Thomas that he has “Just received a 50% 

discount for Brand X’s new sneaker series!”. Thomas, a fan of Brand X, walks to the store and decides to 

buy it using his reward. At the counter he scans the reward QR code and saves 50% on his purchase. 

Jill 

Jill lives in Singapore. She has collected multiple rewards in Singapore throughout the year. However, she 

is going for summer vacation in San Francisco. She sells her Singapore rewards on the Marketplace and 

accumulates GAT. When she is traveling in the USA she browses the Marketplace. She finds some great 

rewards in San Francisco and decides to buy them with GAT. She then goes shopping and buys vacation 

gifts in San Francisco. She has saved a lot of money by redeeming rewards she bought in the Marketplace. 



 

 

 

8 

 

System objectives 

The primary objectives of the GAT System are: 

● Sofa-to-Store Marketing: The GAT System puts power back in the hands of brick-and-mortar 

retail stores. GATCOIN’s A-DropTM technology allows merchants to send digital rewards to mobile 

phones by geolocation, demographics, and spending preferences. This is intended to drive real-time 

foot traffic into stores, at which point, in-store shopper marketing strategies can be used to bring 

consumers to the “zero-moment-of-truth” (ZMOT)2 of their purchase decisions. 

● Mass Adoption of Digital Token Usage: The GAT Marketplace will be a comprehensive rewards 

exchange that is purpose-built for a mass consumer audience. Each Merchant Reward must be 

exchanged for GAT Coins. Thus the GAT System seeks to drive mass consumer awareness and 

engagement with not just Merchant Rewards but also blockchain-enabled digital tokens through 

the exchange of GAT. 

● Reputational and Legal Security: Merchant Rewards are issued in a closed system, and thereby 

avoid regulatory concerns associated with public offerings, as well as reputational risks associated 

with launching cryptographic assets on public main networks. The GAT System is designed 

specifically for merchants in order to accelerate mass enterprise adoption of digital blockchain 

assets. 

● Drive Consumer Engagement: The average consumer is a member of 29 incentive programs. 

However, 76% of consumers do not use their shopping incentives. This is a significant waste of 

corporate resources in efforts to activate consumer engagement. By transforming shopping 

incentives into liquid and tradable blockchain assets, merchants can reduce waste and provide 

consumers greater flexibility with their spending options. For merchants, issuing tokenized 

shopping incentives significantly enhances engagement, consumer satisfaction, and ultimately 

drives better business. 

                                                      
2
 Winning the Zero Moment of Truth, Jim Lecinski, 2011  

https://www.thinkwithgoogle.com/_qs/documents/673/2011-winning-zmot-ebook_research-studies.pdf
https://www.thinkwithgoogle.com/_qs/documents/673/2011-winning-zmot-ebook_research-studies.pdf


 

 

 

9 

● Consumer Data: GATCOIN will obtain invaluable data on rewards circulation, conversions, 

spending preferences, and demographics. GATCOIN is able to utilize this data so that Consumers 

can receive offers that align with their preferences and interests. 

● Eliminating Spam: By converting shopping incentives into blockchain rewards tradable for GAT, 

Merchant Rewards will have monetizable value. Whether or not a consumer “redeems” Merchant 

Rewards to activate incentives, Merchant Rewards will always be worth something in the hands of 

the consumer. This eliminates the “spam” effect of traditional consumer mass marketing, as each 

Merchant Reward can ultimately be traded for GAT. GAT in turn can be traded anywhere in the 

world for other digital tokens. 

Value proposition 

The GAT System offers the following benefits to each of its following participants: 

 

Merchants: 

● Micro-target consumers and offering retail incentives to those who are truly interested in their brands 

● Attract customers to their stores by geolocated A-DropsTM 

 

Users: 

● Offering the ability to exchange rewards between brands and stores adding liquidity and true value 

to otherwise discarded retail incentives 

● Receiving more relevant promotions 

● Being able to monetize their rewards which they are not planning on using 

 

Brand Managers: 

● Rewards traded to a new user means a new customer acquisition for the merchant 

● Show customers the value of rewards in the form of a blockchain asset with inherent tradable value 

 

 

 

  



 

 

 

10 

Have a look at the demo here:  GATCOIN DEMO  

 

 

 

 

 

Why Blockchain? 

The basic idea behind the GAT System is to provide users the opportunity to trade Merchant Rewards with 

one another and to exchange them for goods and services from the respective merchants. The systems needs 

to be able to do this in a frictionless, yet verifiably secure way. As the Merchant Rewards will have real 

value it is important that they will not be able to be copied or double spent. Another requirement is that 

Merchant Rewards should represent verifiably unique and rare rewards. Blockchain technology, and its 

successors, provide the solution to create a system which fulfills these requirements. 

 

Users will need to exchange Merchant Rewards with a common medium of exchange. This medium of 

exchange is GAT. In addition to trading Merchant Rewards in and out of GAT, holding GAT gives users 

extra functionality like being able to receive special Merchant Rewards or GATCOIN promotions using A-

DropTM technology.  

GAT and Merchant Rewards 

Merchant Rewards may be publicly traded for GAT in the GAT Marketplace. The GAT Marketplace is the 

only forum for the trade of Merchant Rewards. The difference between GAT and Merchant Rewards will 

be explained here. 

Merchant Rewards 

https://projects.invisionapp.com/share/2DEZ4AGV7#/screens/269451749_Splash


 

 

 

11 

Customers can redeem Merchant Rewards to obtain retail incentives at physical and online merchant stores. 

Merchant Rewards can be acquired by buying them from the Marketplace or by having them airdropped to 

users’ wallets. 

 

Merchant Rewards may be issued to represent discount coupons, gift vouchers, or any other type of retail 

incentive: 

 

● Discounts: used as a fixed % off a specified good or service 

● Gifts: used to redeem free products or services as incentives 

● Buy-one-Get-one Free: used to offer free goods with a purchase of any item 

● Events: used as invitations to attend events or shows 

 

Merchant Rewards are: 

● Used to redeem retail incentives on selected products and services 

● Unlimited in supply and variety, according to the merchants’ choice 

● Issued by participating merchants 

● Circulating  on servers or consortia blockchain networks 

● Not available on the main Ethereum public network 

● Storable only in the Rewards Manager 

● Exchangeable for GAT in the Marketplace 

● Will have a certain duration of validity to reduce bloat and spam 

 

The GAT System provides a controlled environment and is designed to eliminate perceived risks associated 

with deployment of digital assets to a mass consumer audience.  

GAT  

GAT are ERC20 Ethereum tokens and are: 

 

● Available during token distribution period 

● Limited supply of GAT 

● Will circulate on the main Ethereum public network 

● Freely transferable and tradable on major exchanges 

● Storable in all major client-wallets 

● The barter-token on the GAT system with which Merchant Rewards can be bought 

● May be exchanged for Merchant Rewards in the Marketplace 

● Used by merchants to pay for services in the GAT system (“Merchant Fees”) 



 

 

 

12 

● Unlimited lifespan 

● Required to use any advanced features on the platform 

● Provides users the ability to obtain better deals if they hold more GAT 

● Will be sold on the platform for FIAT currencies 

 

The GAT Token Utility 

GAT is at the core of the merchant’s reward ecosystem. It is necessary to obtain GAT in order to obtain 

access to the services on the GAT ecosystem. For merchants, it serves as a payment mechanism. For users, 

it serves as a way to purchase and exchange Merchant Rewards. They serve different roles for both these 

parties and hence offer different utility to them. 

 

Merchant Services Token Utility 

Besides the free functionality the platform offers, there will be additional/extended services. These services 

will be exclusively paid for in GAT. Merchants will be given the option to either pay directly with GAT, 

or to purchase GAT from the platform with FIAT. Every purchase will be converted into GAT. GAT will 

be sold on the platform at a slight premium over the market price at no less than 3x the final token 

distribution price, to provide this convenience to customers. Additionally, GATCOIN reserves the right to 

purchase additional tokens from the exchanges in order to refill or add to  its reserves, from which it sells 

these tokens on the platform. 

 

Some services which merchants can pay for have a duration, or take a certain amount of time to deliver. 

Some examples are in-app advertisements (i.e. a two week advertisement), A-DropsTM (one week airdrop 

to people in a certain radius) and Merchant Rewards shelf life (i.e. two months shelf life). As these services 

are paid for in GAT, the vision is for these coins (the “Merchant Fee”) to be sent to a smart contract. The 

smart contract will then pay GATCOIN periodically (hourly/daily) and so the unspent GAT will effectively 

remain locked-up in escrow until the service has been provided. This means that with increasing numbers 

of merchants and campaigns an increasing amount of GAT will be locked-up at any given time. In the event 

that a merchant decides to cancel the A-DropsTM before the contract expires, the remaining GAT  are sent 

back as refunds. 

 

Some of the planned services for merchants, to be paid in GAT, are: 

● Geo-Targeted A-DropTM and In-App Advertisements: Merchants can airdrop Merchant 

Rewards to target users based on specific locations and demographics. Costs of these services 

increase as each of the following are increased. Merchants will be able to choose: 

○ The time frame the airdrop will last 

○ The number of users to reach 

○ The radius of the airdrop 



 

 

 

13 

● Merchant Rewards Creation and Shelf life: Over time, as the platform grows in usage, we expect 

millions of rewards to be created on our network. As many of these rewards have a temporary 

nature (e.g. discounts), a majority of these will no longer be relevant or in use. In order to avoid 

spam, each reward will be destroyed after its initial expiration date set during creation.  It is free 

for merchants to create Merchant Rewards, however in order to extend the lifetime of a Merchant 

Reward, merchants will need to pay fees in GAT upfront, or before the expiration date in order to 

extend the reward’s shelf life. 

● Merchant Acquisition: New merchants will be credited with a small amount of GAT to incentivize 

usage and facilitate onboarding. This will be enough to pay for some basic services. This gives the 

merchants the ability to test some of the additional services and options on the GAT network for 

free. These GAT will be allocated from the “User and merchant acquisition pool”. When the 

merchants are satisfied, they can purchase these services from the app by acquiring more GAT. 

 

User Interaction Token Utility 

The basic application will be free to use for all users. However, users will be able to use some of the more 

advanced features of the app by acquiring additional GAT. Some of these features include: 

● Trading Fees for the Marketplace: Users may want to trade their Merchant Rewards for 

Merchant Rewards from another brand, store or product. The Marketplace gives users the ability 

to do so. However, they will need to hold GAT in order to pay for the transaction fees. Users can 

also sell their Merchant Rewards for GAT, when other users want to buy their Merchant Rewards. 

● User Acquisition: In the bootstrap phase, new users will be credited with free GAT from the “User 

and merchant acquisition pool”. These free GAT will not be transferable outside of the app and 

serve as a way to introduce new users to the GAT platform and economy. 

● Special A-DropsTM: Merchants and GATCOIN will be conducting special airdrops to their users 

(“Masterdrops” and “Powerdeals”, see next chapter) based on the amount of GAT they hold within 

the app, in combination with some other metrics like platform usage, Merchant Rewards held and 

location. Some of these special A-DropsTM may include holiday giveaways of electronic gadgets, 

special discount rewards etc. In general the more GAT users hold in their wallet, while walking 

past a store for instance, the higher the chances are of winning these giveaways and the better the 

deal they will get airdropped. 

Consumer Targeting 

One of marketing’s most fundamental questions is who to target. GATCOIN answers this question with 

built-in capabilities that will enable merchants to reach beyond their existing customer base and make offers 

to users, based on certain demographics like gender or age, interests like football or fashion, user behavior 

like previously redeemed coupons and most important of all, location. This means merchants will be able 



 

 

 

14 

to send out offers to people in the immediate surrounding of their shops and easily convert them to 

customers since all offers are based on personal profile information and interests.  

 

Merchants can easily set up a targeted A-DropTM   

Patent-pending A-DropTM technology 

The Targeted A-DropTM allows brands and merchants to drop special offers and discounts into the wallets 

of the GATCOIN platform users based on precise geolocation, demographics, and spending preferences. 

Consumers who are close to one of their favorite stores will be able to get a notification on their mobile 

phones: “You just got airdropped a special offer for the new season product!” 

 



 

 

 

15 

 

GATCOIN’s revolutionary A-DropTM in action 

 

 

Merchants will be able to define certain parameters of the airdrops they want to perform. They will be able 

to set the: 

● Radius of the airdrop 

● Number of users to reach 

● How long the airdrop should last 

The basic airdrop will be free to merchants, providing them with a chance to try the service. If they want to 

extend these options they will be paying more GAT. 

The Holy Grail of Marketing 

A-DropTM can be used to distribute rewards in the perimeters of a store or in a certain area directly to mobile 

phones. Merchants will be able to add demographics and spending preferences, something that at this point 

is the holy grail of marketing. 

 



 

 

 

16 

This technology enables merchants to run creative marketing campaigns to drive consumer engagement. 

For example, merchants may organize entertaining “treasure hunts” to encourage consumers to seek 

rewards that are distributed in certain areas in order to increase awareness and attract people walking by. 

All these original ways of interacting with customers intend to drive real-time foot traffic into stores 

worldwide. 

GAT holder incentives 

 

Special A-DropsTM  by GATCOIN 

These Special A-DropsTM are rare and special gifts and promotions given by the GATCOIN company. They 

will be done periodically to a select number of GAT holders. They are not given to the largest GAT holders, 

but will be airdropped by chance. To increase the user’s chances to receive that special Masterdrop they 

can hold more GAT in their wallets, be active on the GAT platform (e.g. trade, use Merchant Rewards) and 

hold GAT coins for a longer period of time. However there are other variables besides the amount of GAT 

a user holds. For example it would not make sense to airdrop something that is offered only in Tokyo to a 

big holder of GAT in London. So their geolocation, their interests, preferences and optionally having held 

a combination of Merchant Rewards also play a role to make sure that any received Special A-DropsTM  are 

relevant and exciting. 

 

Special A-DropsTM  by Merchants 

The more GAT you hold the better deals you potentially get. But what does that mean? Merchants will have 

the option to airdrop regular A-DropsTM or to do a Special A-DropsTM . A merchant store could for instance 

have a regular 25% discount airdrop in front of their store, however there are three rare 75% Powerdeal 

drops which are given out by chance during the duration of the airdrop (e.g. three weeks). The users which 

have been in front of that store during the duration of that airdrop with the higher GAT balances have a 

higher chance of receiving this Powerdeal. Another variant that merchants will be able to choose from is 

one where i.e. the three users with the highest GAT balances that have been near the store during the 

duration of the airdrop get the Powerdeal. The idea behind this is that users with a high GAT balance in 

their wallets are more likely to have more spending power and therefore are attractive customers for stores.  

 

If they choose the latter, users who hold more GAT will get a better deal. For example if you live in 

Singapore and you have very little GAT you might get a 5% discount on that amazing new watch in that 

hip Singaporean luxury store. If you hold more GAT, you might get a nice 20% discount. And if you hold 

a lot of GAT and live in Singapore you would get an amazing watch for an amazing price. 

 

Masterdrops and Powerdeals 

Masterdrops and Powerdeals are examples of Special A-DropsTM. A Masterdrop is a deal that only very 

few GAT holders get. A Powerdeal is a deal that everybody gets, who fits the targeting criteria. However, 

the Powerdeal discount or reward will be better for users with higher GAT holdings. 

 



 

 

 

17 

 
GAT holder incentives are based on the patent-pending A-DropTM technology  

GATCOIN’s patent 

With the assistance of GATCOIN’s global IP attorneys Baker & McKenzie, GATCOIN successfully filed 

a provisional application with the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) on 27 September 2017 

protecting its proprietary A-DropTM technology. GATCOIN also filed a PCT international patent 

application on 29 September 2017 with the Patent Office of the People’s Republic of China (SIPO). This 

is extremely important as GATCOIN will be the only company  that is allowed to utilize its proprietary 

technology to airdrop blockchain digital tokens by geolocation. The full scope of this technology will be 

developed by the GATCOIN team to continually enhance the utility of this technology on the GAT System 

to drive deeper consumer engagement with Merchant Rewards. The inventor of the A-DropTM technology 

is Simon Cheong, GATCOIN’s founder and CEO. 

 

Technology 

 

Blockchain Scaling Considerations And Plans 

The GAT System is being built with the vision of onboarding hundreds of thousands of merchants and 

millions of users. This means that as the network grows, there will potentially be millions of 

microtransactions on our network. Currently, none of the current de-centralized public blockchain solutions 

have the throughput to allow the platform to scale to that extent.  

 



 

 

 

18 

In order to get around this issue, and as part of our roadmap to produce a fully functional platform, Merchant 

Rewards will start on a centralized database and will transition to private blockchains, such as R3 

Corda/Jupiter in the future. However, the end goal is to transition to a public blockchain/distributed ledger 

once there is a solution that supports the scaling requirements. The presented list below contains some of 

the promising platforms we are keeping a close eye on with the intent to transition our Merchant Rewards 

(and perhaps even GAT if that is required), once the requirements are met by either of these platforms. 

● Radix DLT:  Built with sharding into the foundations of the protocol, Radix is a horizontal 

distributed ledger and smart contract platform. The platform has been in development for 5 years 

and is due for public release in 2018. They claim to be linearly scalable and achieve speeds greater 

than 100k+ tps (tx per second) once the network is big enough. This enables platforms that run on 

Radix to have massive amounts of microtransactions and smart contract operations. Radix also has 

a very interesting elastic supply model based on quantitative theory of money, which dampens price 

movements and creates more stable tokens. 

● EOS: A highly robust and scalable enterprise grade blockchain 3.0 platform which is expected to 

be ready for a public release in 2018. At the core of it, parallel execution and asynchronous 

communication are given utmost importance which are very important for supporting 

microtransactions. 

● Waves: The main premise of Waves is to allow for easy token creation. With the recent WavesNG 

upgrade, the network promises 100 tps speed which is only supposed to increase as its full potential 

is unleashed. Waves solves the problem of creating millions of merchant rewards and we are  

keeping a keen eye on it to see how it will scale in the future.  

 

The platform we choose will ultimately need to solve core scaling problems such as microtransactions, 

token creation and shelf life management to avoid spam, guarantee security, offer friendly developer tools 

and most importantly, be able  to scale under heavy loads. 

 

Creating the Decentralised Marketplace 

Our end goal is to provide the user with a highly secure and scalable platform to trade their Merchant 

Rewards. The ideal solution here would be to build a decentralized marketplace that can match the scaling 

demand. From a user standpoint a decentralized marketplace provides numerous benefits, but the most 

important one of these is that users will hold their coins/rewards in their own wallets and do not have to 

trust a third party. However, decentralized exchanges are still undergoing rapid advancements and building 

one requires careful planning and time.  

 

As part of our roadmap the Marketplace will not start out as a decentralized solution, but will be centralized, 

similar to all of the leading exchanges today such as Coinbase, Bitfinex or Bittrex.  From a development 

standpoint it makes sense to first build the product and add complexity to it later. Building a centralized 

solution first, so that the users and merchants can use the products much sooner means GATCOIN can be 

first to market and create the biggest network effect. 

 

At this moment decentralized exchanges are functional, but not to the levels of reliability and scalability 

expected by global brands for mass volume retail microtransactions. As soon as the technology matures 

and has proven to be able to handle thousands of transactions per second, the vision is to build a 

decentralized marketplace and move to this new system. Technologies like the Bitshares DEX, Waves 



 

 

 

19 

DEX, Komodo, NEXT Asset Exchange and the upcoming Radix DEX prove that the demand to build this 

type of decentralized system is there and is technically feasible. Currently, there are numerous ways to build 

a DEX, using colored coins like Waves or with atomic swaps, where Komodo seems to be at the forefront. 

As technology progresses and the pros and cons of each of these technologies become more apparent, an 

updated and more in-depth roadmap will be published.  

 

Go to Market Strategy 

Revenue Model 

GATCOIN will earn five major streams of income: 

 

1. Merchant Fees, i.e. fees for issuing various types of Merchant Rewards 

2. Brokerage Transaction Fees on the Marketplace 

3. In-App / Online Advertising Fees 

4. FIAT Transaction Processing Fee: In-App / Online FIAT transaction processing fees on the 

Marketplace 

5. Fees for the provision of GATCOIN Analytics to refine target audiences 

 

Details about each of the five major stream of income: 

1. Merchant Fees 

GATCOIN will charge fees for paid A-Drop distributions of Merchant Rewards to customers on our 

platform. For example, fees calculated on a sliding scale based on the frequency of distributions and size 

of the target audience.  

 

2. Brokerage Transaction Fees 

Brokerage fees on the acquisition of Rewards on the Marketplace.  

 

3. In-App / Online Advertising Fees 

Fees charged for advertisements, promotions on the App as well as promotional in-mail. 

 

4. FIAT Transaction Processing Fees 

Processing fees calculated on each FIAT purchase of products and services from Merchant Stores.  

 

Also, GAT will be sold on the platform for a slight premium to market prices. As the GAT inventory gets 

replenished and potentially added it creates a profit. 

 

5. GATCOIN Analytics Fees 

Fees charged to merchants for refining their target audience on the GAT platform using GATCOIN’s data 

analytics. 



 

 

 

20 

 

Merchant adoption 

 

GATCOIN is working with COTOCO to deploy digital rewards 

using the GAT System upon completion of milestones. COTOCO is 

a social gift voucher distributor in Japan. 

 

COTOCO’s business covers approximately 21 major international 

and local brands with a network of over 30,000 retail stores. The 

brands cover household names in the fast food restaurant, beverage, 

confectionery, beauty and convenience store businesses.  

 

GATCOIN is also in discussions with a number of other global 

brands for deployment of Merchant Rewards in their digital 

marketing strategies. GATCOIN expects to issue announcements of 

additional GAT merchant participants in the near future. 

 

Development Partners 

 

COSS.IO 

The Crypto-One-Stop-Solution COSS provides a payment gateway, 

an exchange, a merchant list, market cap rankings, a marketplace 

and an e-wallet. COSS will provide the opportunity to buy into the 

GATCOIN token-sale through their platform. 

 

Dappbase 

Dappbase is a free, operational platform that provides libraries and 

infrastructure that allows developers to build and promote powerful 

enterprises and consumer applications that are based on the 

Ethereum blockchain. The main purpose of the platform is to build 

high-performance infrastructure and decentralized apps on the 

Ethereum network. Whether you are creating a decentralized 

exchange, financial services or running an ICO (initial coin 

offering), the Dappbase platform provides scalable access to the 

blockchain infrastructure and accelerates the building process. 

 

DistributedLedgers 

Our smart contracts were audited by DistributedLedgers. 

 



 

 

 

21 

EnterSoft 

EnterSoft specialises in online security. They have provided 

GATCOIN the tools and services to make using the platform a fast 

and secure experience. 

 

Segasec 

SegaSec offer Cyber-Intelligence and Anti-Phishing solutions. 

 

SelfKey 

SelfKey is a Blockchain based digital identity system that allows 

individuals and companies to truly own, control and manage their 

digital identity, and instantly access citizenship and residency by 

investment, company incorporation, fintech products, token sales, 

exchanges and much more. 

 

  



 

 

 

22 

GATCOIN Roadmap  

We have an ambitious and realistic roadmap that is designed to provide value for the GATCOIN 

community, the GATCOIN company, the GATCOIN users and GATCOIN merchants alike. We have 

planned important milestones and are looking forward to giving you regular updates of our progress.  

 

 

APP FEATURE RELEASE SCHEDULE: 

A-Drops, GiftBox, Rewards Manager  18 Q3 -> Alpha 
18 Q4 -> Closed Beta 
19 Q2 -> Open Beta 

GAT Wallet, Inbox 
 

18 Q4 -> Alpha 
19 Q1 -> Closed Beta 
19 Q2 -> Open Beta 

Marketplace  
 

19 Q1 -> Alpha/Closed Beta 
19 Q2 -> Open Beta 

Full Launch 19 Q3 

Additional Features 19 Q4 

 

MERCHANT DASHBOARD RELEASE SCHEDULE: 

Campaign Builders A-drops 
(merchant) 
 

18 Q3 -> Alpha 
18 Q4 -> Closed Beta 
19 Q2 -> Open Beta 

Analytics 
 

19 Q1 -> Alpha 
19 Q2 -> Open Beta 

MERCHANT DASHBOARD RELEASE SCHEDULE: 

Campaign Builders A-drops 
(merchant) 
 

18 Q3 -> Alpha 
18 Q4 -> Closed Beta 
19 Q2 -> Open Beta 

Analytics 
 

19 Q1 -> Alpha 
19 Q2 -> Open Beta 

 

The Team 
The concept for the GAT System was formulated in the beginning of 2017 by Simon Cheong, Founder and 

CEO of the GATCOIN company. He noticed the huge inefficiencies in the rewards and retail marketing 

industry and saw that this sector was ready for disruption. Combined with all the benefits from using a 

blockchain technology in combination with private chains for the Merchant Rewards he saw an opportunity 

for both disrupting the traditional rewards sector and as a consequence getting mass adoption of digital 

tokens.  

 



 

 

 

23 

GATCOIN is an organic team of highly-qualified and dedicated engineers and marketing professionals 

building the Market of Rewards. The team can be easily reached via the company’s social channels and 

communicates transparently about all aspects of the projects. 

Core Team 

 

Simon Cheong, Founder & CEO, GATCOIN 

 

● The GAT System is Simon’s brainchild 

● Blockchain entrepreneur and former World Bank lawyer 

● Ethereum evangelist and former Senior Counsel at the World Bank’s International Finance 

Corporation 

● Inventor of GATCOIN's patent-pending A-DropTM technology 

 

 

Chris Tong, COO, GATCOIN 

 

● Chief Operating Officer for GATCOIN 

● 10+ years experience with retail brands in Asia and Australia activating digital marketing 

strategies 

● Founder of a sustainable fashion online community 

 

 

 

 

James Kong, CTO, GATCOIN 

 

● Tech entrepreneur and highly skilled programmer with 15+ years experience  

● Co-founded OneCash mobile payments platform (Singapore) 

● Founding engineer, Happy Co. mobile inspection software platform (San Francisco)  

● Senior Engineer, OneFlare online gig marketplace (now owned by Fairfax) 

● Lead Engineer, Sentia Mobile and web development (Kazaa and Airtasker) 

 

 

 

 

Stephen Davis, Head of Design, GATCOIN 

 

● Designer with experience in product development and application design 

● Over 7+ years in industry 

● Successfully commercialized a multi platform application 

● Leading product direction, implementing and executing the team's vision 

● BS with Honors in Product Design from the University of New South Wales and a Masters 

in Interaction Design from the University of Sydney 

 

 



 

 

 

24 

 

Matt Walker, DevOps / Developer, GATCOIN 

 

● Experience in IT Infrastructure support and maintenance 

● AWS Certified DevOps / SysOps / Solutions Architect 

● Designing and building the solutions infrastructure 

● Programming the solution in accordance with team’s vision 

● BSC Honours Degree in Computing Science from Staffordshire University 

 

 

 

Weiming Zhuang, Dev Engineer, GATCOIN 

 

● Software engineer with experience in building large scale enterprise software 

● Experienced in wide range of programming language, specialized in Golang and Python 

● Successfully built a distributed scheduling and load testing tool in Golang 

● Bachelor of Computing with Honors from National University of Singapore 

 

 

 

Karandeep Singh, Dev Engineer, GATCOIN 

 

● Retail web development and performance optimization 

● HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, MySQL, Google Apps script, APIs 

● Major retail web projects since 2013 

● B.Sc Computer Science, Post Grad Diploma Computer Applications 

 

 

 

 

 

Jordan Yap, Data Scientist, GATCOIN 

● Jordan specializes in deriving insights from a wide variety of data sources and platforms 

to help businesses implement effective strategies.  

● He has worked with clients including Netflix, Westpac, Optus, Telstra, Samsung and 

many more.  

● Jordon graduated from UNSW with a Bachelor of Chemical Engineering (hon) and 

started working in one of the top labs in Australia before pivoting to data science.  

 

 

 

 

Sarah Berberich, Web Developer, GATCOIN 

 

● GATCOIN Web Designer 

● Specializes in mass consumer e-commerce and multi-site platforms 

● Passionate about the plight of refugees in Asia. Founder of Harbour NGO 

 



 

 

 

25 

 

 

Location 

The GATCOIN team is based in Hong Kong and Singapore. 

 

 

 

  



 

 

 

26 

Token Distribution 
 

 
 

A fixed supply of 1 billion GAT was created on 16 December 2017 for operation with the GAT System.  

 

Of the total supply of GAT, 10% had been reserved for the benefit of GATCOIN’s core team as an incentive 

for further work (3-year vesting period), 12% allocated to advisors & partners (6-month vesting period), 

14% allocated to customer & merchant acquisition, 14% allocated to be sold through the app and 50% 

distributed to the public. 

 

Distribution Period 

The GAT token distribution occurred between 17 Dec 2017 and 7 January 2018. Qualified applicants 

exchanged a minimum of 2 ETH for a variable amount of GAT exchanged at a pre-specified GAT:ETH 

exchange rate applicable during the distribution period. 

 

Hard cap  

The goal of the distribution was to exchange a maximum of US$14.5m in ETH. The project succeeded in 

attaining this goal. The token distribution process stopped when the value of ETH exchanged reached the 

hard cap by reference to the 7-day trailing average for ETH at the time. 

 



 

 

 

27 

Use Of Proceeds 

 

Business Expansion 

ETH collected during the GAT distribution process will be used for the development of the technical 

components of the GAT System as well as the global roll-out of the GATCOIN business. Depending on 

development progress and available ETH at the time, marketing, sales and technical engineering offices are 

planned to be established in the following major gateway cities. The expansion strategy and timetable is 

subject to change depending on business circumstances at the time: 

 
GATCOIN has chosen an expansion strategy focusing on the major global hubs, starting in Asia due to 

the excellent contacts and anchor clients.  

 

 

 

 



 

 

 

28 

 

 

 

Have a look at the demo:  GATCOIN DEMO  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

https://projects.invisionapp.com/share/2DEZ4AGV7#/screens/269451749_Splash


 

 

 

29 

Risks 
The risks associated with purchasing GAT are numerous and significant. In this section, we highlight some of the major known risks associated 

with GAT. The list below is not intended to be comprehensive.   

 

Immaturity Of The Ethereum Technology 

The Ethereum blockchain is at an early stage of development and it is not fully known whether the Ethereum blockchain will be able to sustain 

long-term operation of large-scale D-apps such as GAT System. As recently as June 2017, the Ethereum blockchain experienced significant delays 

in processing block transactions due to extremely high volumes associated with similar token distributions around that time. It is not certain whether 

the Ethereum development community will resolve these technical issues in the future. 

 

Unknown Impact Of Proposed Changes To Ethereum 

The Ethereum Foundation has laid out a roadmap for the improvement and development of Ethereum. While some of the future proposals offer 

promises to known technical issues, it is uncertain when these new improvements will be introduced, and whether they will be successful. In 

particular, proposals to "shard" the blockchain in order to greatly increase blockchain speeds is, at the time of publication, far from implementation. 

A proposal to change the mining process from the current Proof-of-Work algorithm to a Proof-of-Stake algorithm will have a yet to be seen impact 

for the Ethereum network. 

 

Prohibitively High Gas Prices For Transactions 

All transactions over the Ethereum blockchain, including the transfer of GAT have a real-world cost in ETH ("Gas"). While at this point in time, 

Gas prices for basic transactions over the Ethereum network are nominal, there is no certainty that Gas prices will not increase, and thereby make 

the trading of GAT over the Ethereum network commercially unfeasible. In addition, high volumes could lead to very high Gas prices for processing 

transactions, which made using the blockchain prohibitively expensive.   

 

Ethereum May be Superseded 

While today, in our view, the Ethereum blockchain technology presents the most promising advances in blockchain technology, there is no guarantee 

that Ethereum will not be supplanted by competing protocols that improve upon the Ethereum technology. The Ethereum technology is open-

source, meaning that anyone can copy and disseminate the same code with modifications. It is not known whether the Ethereum platform will 

become the predominant protocol adopted by global industry. If Ethereum is surpassed or superseded, then this could impact the GAT program as 

usage and adoption declines. 

 

Blockchain Risk 

On the Ethereum blockchain, timing of block production is determined by proof of work so block production can occur at random times. For 

example, ETH contributed to the GATCOIN token distribution smart contract (the "Smart Sales Contract") in the final seconds of a distribution 

period may not get included for that period. You acknowledge and understand that the Ethereum blockchain may not include your transaction at 

the time you expect and you may not receive GAT the same day you send ETH.  The Ethereum blockchain is prone to periodic congestion during 

which transactions can be delayed or lost.  You acknowledge and understand that Ethereum block producers may not include your transaction when 

you want or your transaction may not be included at all. Individuals may also intentionally spam the Ethereum network in an attempt to gain an 

advantage in purchasing cryptographic tokens.     

 

Risk Of Theft Or Misuse Of Private Keys 

The control of the GAT source code resides with the GAT Foundation which holds the requisite private keys in cold storage. While all reasonable 

measures may be implemented to prevent unauthorized use of the private keys, there is no certainty that the private keys will not be subject to theft, 

fraud or misuse. The unauthorized use of the private keys could result in significant disruption to the GAT, and in a worst-case scenario, cause the 

GAT to be unusable and therefore worthless. 

 

New Technology 

The GAT System and all of the matters set forth in this whitepaper are new and untested. The GAT System might not be capable of completion, 

implementation or adoption according to the development roadmap laid out in this whitepaper. Even if the GAT System is completed, implemented 

and adopted, it might not function as intended, and any tokens associated with the GAT System may not have the functionality that is desirable or 

valuable. Also, technology is changing rapidly, so GAT and any tokens transferable on the GAT System may become outdated. 

 

Unknown Merchant Adoption Rates 

The success of the GAT System relies in large part on mass adoption of the GAT System by participating merchants. The developers are in advanced 

discussions with a number of global merchants for the deployment of the GAT System.  It is not known whether any other merchants will adopt 

the GAT System.  Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the merchants we are in advanced discussions with, such as COTOCO, will ultimately 

deploy the GAT System.   

 

Unknown Consumer Adoption Rates 



 

 

 

30 

Mass consumer adoption of blockchain technology has not yet occurred. Only a very small percentage of the consumers of incentive programs are 

familiar with blockchain technology, let alone Ethereum. Consumers may opt not to use Merchant Rewards which would impact the attractiveness 

of the GAT System to merchants. 

 

Competition 

Utilizing blockchain technology to disrupt the consumer marketing industry has been proposed as one of the earliest use cases for distributed ledger 

technology. Consequently, as of the time of publication of this Whitepaper, there are a number of other consumer marketing companies that compete 

directly or indirectly with the GAT System. It is not known which company will prevail in the competition for consumer and merchant adoption. It 

is also not known how many other blockchain consumer marketing companies will enter the market prior to, or during the token distribution period. 

 

Business Execution Risks 

The implementation of the GAT System roadmap and deployment of its related technological components requires a high degree of professional 

business and software engineering experience. While the developers have a proven track-record of software engineering and business development, 

it is not certain whether the developers can fully deliver on the technical milestones set forth in the roadmap. 

 

Changes to the GAT System 

The modules for the GAT System are under development and may undergo significant changes over time. Although GATCOIN intends for the 

GAT System to have the features and specifications set forth in this Whitepaper, GATCOIN may make changes to such features and specifications 

for any number of reasons. The associated development timetable may also be extended, modified or delayed for any reason. 

 

Project Completion 

The development of the GAT System may be abandoned for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to, lack of interest from the public, 

lack of funding, lack of commercial success or prospects, or departure of key personnel. 

 

Ability to Transact or Resell 

You may be unable to sell or otherwise transact in GAT at any time, or for the price you paid. By using the ERC-20 GATCOIN token contract (the 

"Smart Token Contract") or the Smart Sales Contract (collectively, the "Smart Contracts") or by purchasing GAT, you acknowledge, understand 

and agree that: (a) GAT may have no value; (b) there is no guarantee or representation of liquidity for GAT; and (c) GATCOIN and its affiliates 

are not and shall not be responsible for or liable for the market value of GAT, the transferability and/or liquidity of GAT and/or the availability of 

any market for GAT through third parties or otherwise. 

 

Token Security 

GAT may be subject to expropriation and/or theft. Hackers or other malicious groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with the Smart 

Contracts or GAT in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil 

attacks, smurfing and spoofing. Furthermore, because the Ethereum platform rests on open source software and GAT are based on open source 

software, there is the risk that Ethereum smart contracts may contain intentional or unintentional bugs or weaknesses which may negatively affect 

GAT or result in the loss of your GAT, the loss of your ability to access or control your GAT or the loss of ETH in your account. In the event of 

such a software bug or weakness, there may be no remedy and holders of GAT are not guaranteed any remedy, refund or compensation. 

 

Access to Private Keys 

GAT purchased by you may be held by you in your digital wallet or vault, which requires a private key, or a combination of private keys, for access. 

Accordingly, loss of requisite private key(s) associated with your digital wallet or vault storing GAT will result in loss of such GAT, access to your 

GAT Token balance and/or any initial balances in blockchains created by third parties. Moreover, any third party that gains access to such private 

key(s), including by gaining access to login credentials of a hosted wallet or vault service you use, may be able to misappropriate your GAT. 

GATCOIN is not responsible for any such losses. 

 

GAT are Non-Transferable Until Completion of the Token Distribution 

You acknowledge and understand that GAT are not transferable until after the end of the GAT distribution process. 

 

GATCOIN May Modify or Stop the Token Distribution at Any Time 

You acknowledge and understand that GATCOIN may modify the timing, ETH:GAT exchange rate and number of GAT available for acquisition 

at any time during the GAT Distribution Period. You further acknowledge and understand that GATCOIN reserves the right to terminate the sale 

process at any time and withdraw any un-distributed GAT from the distribution process. If the distribution process has been stopped prematurely, 

GAT acquired by you may not be transferable. 

 

Exchange and Counterparty Risks 

If you send ETH to the Smart Sales Contract from an exchange or an account that you do not control, pursuant to the Smart Sales Contract, GAT 

will be allocated to the account that has sent ETH; therefore, you may never receive or be able to recover your GAT. By using the Smart Contracts 

and/or by purchasing GAT, you acknowledge and agree that you send ETH to the GAT Token Contract through an exchange account and/or hold 

GAT on a cryptocurrency exchange or with another third party at your own and sole risk. 



 

 

 

31 

 

Uncertain Regulatory Framework 

The regulatory status of cryptographic tokens, digital assets and blockchain technology is unclear or unsettled in many jurisdictions. It is difficult 

to predict how or whether governmental authorities will regulate such technologies. It is likewise difficult to predict how or whether any 

governmental authority may make changes to existing laws, regulations and/or rules that will affect cryptographic tokens, digital assets, blockchain 

technology and its applications. Such changes could negatively impact GAT in various ways, including, for example, through a determination that 

GAT are regulated financial instruments that require registration. GATCOIN may cease the distribution of GAT, the development of the GAT 

System or cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event that governmental actions make it unlawful or commercially undesirable to continue to do 

so. 

 

Currency Regulation Risks 

Governments are still grappling with public policy on the regulation of cryptocurrencies as a form of settlement in trade. Governments adverse to 

the proliferation of the use of cryptocurrencies in local commerce could issue laws and regulations deeming the use of cryptocurrencies a regulated 

activity. This could result in holders of GAT being unable to use their GAT without further regulatory compliance by GATCOIN. 

 

Risk of Government Action 

As noted above, the industry in which the company operates is new, and may be subject to heightened oversight and scrutiny, including 

investigations or enforcement actions. There can be no assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations of GATCOIN 

and/or pursue enforcement actions against GATCOIN. Such governmental activities may or may not be the result of targeting GATCOIN in 

particular. All of this may subject GATCOIN to judgments, settlements, fines or penalties, or cause company to restructure its operations and 

activities or to cease offering certain products or services, all of which could harm GATCOIN's reputation or lead to higher operational costs, which 

may in turn have a material adverse effect on GAT and/or the development of the GAT System. 

 

Risks Associated with Licensing of the GAT Marketplace & Systems 

Licensing procedures to register a cryptocurrency exchange are complex and subject to stringent qualification requirements. In the event that such 

license or registration is required, there is no guarantee that the developers will be able to successfully obtain a license to accept customer deposits 

for use in the GAT System. The failure by the sponsors to establish a registered Marketplace could result in decreased liquidity of GAT as a form 

of barter-token within the GAT System. 

 

Risks Associated with the Token Distribution 

GAT are not investment products. Rather, GAT serve a specific function within the GAT System, which is the means to access Merchant Rewards. 

Without GAT, the general public may not access the GAT Marketplace to acquire Merchant Rewards. There is also no expectation of future profit 

or gain from the acquisition of GAT. GAT do not represent (i) any equity or other ownership interest in GATCOIN, (ii) any rights to dividends or 

other distribution rights from GATCOIN or (iii) any voting or other governance rights in GATCOIN. For these and other reasons, we believe the 

distribution of GAT does not constitute a public offering of securities subject to prospectus registration requirements. However, public policy 

towards digital token distributions is changing, and it is conceivable that regulators may in the future seek to broaden the scope of regulation of 

token distributions. This could make token distributions subject to registration requirements in the United States and other jurisdictions. If the GAT 

token distribution becomes subject to registration requirements, this would delay or potentially postpone the proposed GAT token distribution 

indefinitely. 

 

Taxation Risks 

The receipt, redemption, sale or use of Merchant Rewards may or may not be subject to local income tax, capital gain taxes, VAT or other forms 

of taxes. This uncertainty in tax legislation may expose merchants and customers alike to unforeseen future tax consequences associated with the 

use of Merchant Rewards, and/or the trading of rewards or GAT for capital gains. 

 

Capital Control Risks 

Many jurisdictions, such as China impose strict controls on the cross-border flow of capital. Holders of Merchant Rewards and GAT may be subject 

to these regulations and/or arbitrary enforcement of such regulations at any time. This would make the transfer of GAT out of the local jurisdiction 

to overseas exchanges an unlawful activity exposing the user of GAT to government fines or other regulatory sanction. 

 

CTF and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations 

The United States has issued a series of regulations to combat terrorist financing (CTF) and money-laundering activities. Many other countries have 

enacted similar legislation to control the flow of capital for such illicit activities. The use of cryptocurrencies by bad actors would breach such 

regulations. Any illicit use of GAT or Merchant Rewards could seriously impact the reputation of the GAT System. In such event, it is conceivable 

that this could trigger scrutiny by CTF and anti-money laundering regulators and potentially cause significant disruption to the distribution and 

circulation of tokens and GAT in the GAT ecosystem. 

 



 

 

 

32 

Miscellaneous 
The software code for the GAT Token was written by GAT International Limited (GATCOIN) and deployed under the MIT License on the 

Ethereum main network on Dec-16-2017 01:35:58 AM +UTC at block height 4740059. 

 

This whitepaper has been prepared by GATCOIN for the sole purpose of introducing the technical engineering aspects of the GAT System, its 

associated platform components, and its underlying blockchain protocol Ethereum. This document does not constitute any offer, solicitation, 

recommendation or invitation for, or in relation to, the securities of any company described herein. 

 

The whitepaper is not an offering document or prospectus, and is not intended to provide the basis of any investment decision or contract. The 

information presented in this whitepaper is of a technical engineering nature only, and has not been subject to independent audit, verification or 

analysis by any professional legal, accounting, engineering or financial advisers. The whitepaper does not purport to include information that a 

buyer of GAT might require to form any investment decision, and, in particular, does not comprehensively address risks of GAT, which are 

numerous and significant. 

 

GATCOIN (along with its directors, officers and employees), do not assume any liability or responsibility whatsoever for the accuracy or 

completeness of information contained in this whitepaper, or for correcting any errors herein. Furthermore, should you choose to participate in the 

distribution of GAT, GATCOIN does not assume any liability or responsibility whatsoever for any loss of market value of GAT. 

 

The content of this whitepaper is technically challenging and requires a high degree of familiarity with distributed ledger technology in order to 

comprehend GAT and its associated engineering risks. If you are unfamiliar with any of the terminology, concepts or risks outlined in this 

whitepaper you are strongly encouraged not to participate in the GAT token distribution. 

 

Recipients of this document are encouraged to seek external advice, and are solely responsible for making their own assessment of the matters 

herein, including assessment of risks, and consulting their own technical and professional advisers. 

 

Disclaimer "forward looking statements" 

 

This whitepaper and material uploaded to www.gatcoin.io contain statements related to our future business and financial performance and future 

events or developments involving GATCOIN that may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such 

as "expect," "look forward to," "anticipate" "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "estimate," "will," "project" or words of similar meaning. We may 

also make forward-looking statements in other reports, in presentations, in material delivered in press releases. In addition, our representatives may 

from time to time make oral forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on the current expectations and certain assumptions of 

GATCOIN's management, of which many are beyond GATCOIN's control. These are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and factors, 

including, but not limited to those described in this whitepaper. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying 

expectations not occur or assumptions prove incorrect, the actual results, performance or achievements of GATCOIN may (negatively or positively) 

vary materially from those described explicitly or implicitly in the relevant forward-looking statement. GATCOIN neither intends, nor assumes 

any obligation, to update or revise these forward-looking statements in light of developments which differ from those anticipated. 

 

  



 

 

 

33 

Contact details 

 

 

For further inquiries please join our amazing Telegram community  

and our other social channels: 

 

 

 

 

Or write an email to: GATCOIN-team@GATCOIN.io 

 

 

GATCOIN 

5 Tai Mong Tsai Rd 

Sai Kung 

Hong Kong 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Thank you. 

 

 

mailto:GATCOIN-team@GATCOIN.io

