





























	

	

1	

		

	

			 	

GIFTO	
The Universal Gifting Protocol for Global Content Creators 

(“GIFTO Protocol”) 

	

November	2017	

Version	2.0	

	

Authors:		

GIFTO	team	

	

Reviewers:	

Loi	Luu,	CEO	and	Co-founder,	Kyber	Network,	Smartpool	

Chris	Miess,	Former	CFO	TenX,	Founder	ICONIC	Capital	

Danny	Yang,	CEO	and	founder,	Blockseer	

	

	

	



	

	

2	

This	 paper	 is	 not	 an	 offer	 of	 securities.	 Please	 read	 this	 document	 in	 full	 and	 perform	 due	
diligence,	 in	 particular	 the	 section	 entitled	 “RISKS	 AND	 DISCLAIMERS”.	 	 Nothing	 in	 this	
document	shall	be	construed	as	advice	or	solicitation	to	make	any	purchase	and	 if	you	are	 in	
any	doubt,	please	consult	your	legal,	financial,	tax	and/or	other	professional	advisors.		

	
	

	 	



	

	

3	

Table	of	Contents	

	

1.	Abstract	..............................................................................................................................	4	

2.	Executive	Summary	............................................................................................................	5	

3.	Motivation:	A	First-Hand	Experience	.................................................................................	11	
3.1	Why	Current	Content	Monetization	Model	Is	Broken	...............................................................	11	
3.2	A	Better	Monetization	Model:	Virtual	Gifting	...........................................................................	14	
3.3	Why	Do	Virtual	Gifts	Generate	High	Revenue?	.........................................................................	15	
3.4	Blockchain:	Decentralized	Virtual	Gifts	.....................................................................................	19	

4.	GIFTO	Protocol	-	The	Universal	Gifting	Protocol	.................................................................	20	
4.1	Enable	Virtual	Gifting	On	Any	Content	Platform	.......................................................................	22	
4.2	The	Ecosystem	Of	Virtual	Gifting	..............................................................................................	23	
4.3	Community	Participation:	Incentives	........................................................................................	26	
4.4	The	Gift	Portal	..........................................................................................................................	28	
4.5	Smart	Virtual	Gifts	....................................................................................................................	31	
4.6	GIFTO	Token	.............................................................................................................................	32	
4.7	GIFTO	Wallet	............................................................................................................................	32	
4.8	Hybrid	Off-Chain/On-Chain	Architecture	..................................................................................	33	
4.9	Token	Economy	........................................................................................................................	34	

5.	Roadmap	and	Adoption	.....................................................................................................	38	
5.1	Uplive	Brings	70	Million	Global	User	Reach	To	GIFTO	................................................................	38	
5.2	Migrating	Uplive	From	Diamonds	To	GIFTOs	.............................................................................	40	
5.3	Phased	Adoption	......................................................................................................................	41	

6.	GIFTO	Limited	....................................................................................................................	42	

7.	Team	.................................................................................................................................	43	

8.	Advisors	............................................................................................................................	48	

9.	Asia	Innovations	Group’s	Investors	....................................................................................	52	

10.	Risks	&	Disclaimers	..........................................................................................................	53	
	

	



	

	

4	

1.	Abstract		
	

This	paper	outlines	the	case	for	the	implementation	of	a	decentralized	virtual	gifting	protocol	to	
incentivize	 and	 monetize	 content	 generation	 by	 individual	 content	 creators	 worldwide.	 The	
protocol	may	 be	 deployed	 on	 various	 existing	 content	 publishing	 platforms	 on	 the	 internet,	
such	 as	 YouTube,	 Instagram,	 and	 Facebook,	 among	 others,	 and	 can	 be	 used	 to	 complement	
conventional	revenue	streams	which	are	primarily	derived	from	advertising.	

Asia	 Innovations	 Group	 (“AIG”)	 is	 a	 leading	 mobile	 entertainment	 company	 in	 Asia.	 It	 has	
demonstrated	that	virtual	gifting	system	is	a	highly	effective	monetization	method	for	content	
creators	 on	 its	 flagship	 live	 video	 platform,	 Uplive.	 Virtual	 gifts	 on	 Uplive	 not	 only	 drive	
significant	revenue	for	global	content	creators,	but	also	enhance	interactions	and	relationships	
between	 creators	 and	 their	 fans.	 Since	 its	 launch	 in	 June	 2016,	 the	 Uplive	 community	 has	
rapidly	expanded	to	20	million	global	users,	and	the	platform	will	generate	more	than	USD	$100	
million	in	revenue	for	2017.	 	 In	September	alone,	over	25	million	virtual	gifts	were	purchased	
and	sent	on	Uplive.	

The	Universal	Gifting	Protocol	draws	from	the	positive	Uplive	experience,	and	seeks	to	enable	
content	producers	across	any	content	platform	to	receive	gifts	 from	their	 fans.	 	These	virtual	
gifts	 will	 exist	 independently	 from	 any	 platform	 and	 retain	 their	 properties	 without	 any	
centralized	controlling	mechanism.	

Each	virtual	gift	will	be	implemented	as	a	smart	contract	on	Ethereum	blockchain,	enabling	the	
virtual	gifts	 to	exist,	be	owned,	and	be	 transacted	 independently	 from	any	particular	content	
platform	or	 system.	 This	will	 serve	 to	 reduce	 the	 dependency	 of	 content	 producers	 on	 their	
publishing	 platforms	 to	 secure	 revenue	 for	 their	 work,	 and,	 by	 extension,	 reliance	 on	
advertisers.	 	The	proposed	currency	for	transacting	 in	the	virtual	gifts	 is	GIFTO	Tokens,	which	
will	be	deployed	as	an	ERC20-standard	 token	on	 the	Ethereum	blockchain.	GIFTO	Tokens	will	
also	be	used	 to	 incentivize	and	motivate	an	ecosystem	of	participants	 to	help	create,	 curate,	
and	redeem	virtual	gifts.	

The	 Alpha	 version	 of	 GIFTO	 Protocol	 will	 be	 tested	 by	 end	 of	 2017,	 and	 the	 Beta	 version	 is	
targeted	 for	 testing	 in	Q1	2018,	with	 full	commercial	 launch	 in	Q2	2018.	 	GIFTO	Protocol	will	
leverage	on	Uplive’s	existing	20	mln	user	base	and	60,000	content	creators	to	test,	iterate,	and	
jump-start	 mass	 adoption,	 towards	 the	 vision	 of	 empowering	 millions	 of	 content	 creators	
worldwide.	



	

	

5	

2.	Executive	Summary	
	

The	Pain	Point	for	Content	Creators	

Global	 social	media	 and	 broadcasting	 platforms	 such	 as	 YouTube,	 Instagram,	 Facebook	 have	
allowed	 anyone	 to	 easily	 create	 content	 and	 build	 a	 fanbase	 of	 followers	 and	 consumers.		
However,	 the	 bulk	 of	 revenue	 generation	 on	 such	 platforms	 remains	 heavily	 dependent	 on	
advertising	 revenue.	 As	 a	 result,	 the	 incentive	 model	 which	 drives	 the	 ecosystem	 is	 largely	
centralized	 and	 dominated	 by	 either	 the	 platform	 or	 the	 paying	 advertisers1,	 often	 at	 the	
expense	of	content	producers	and	consumers.	Since	advertisers	and	marketers	typically	place	
greater	value	on	reaching	as	broad	an	audience	as	possible,	the	present	incentive	system	ends	
up	disproportionately	favouring	the	most	popular	1%	of	producers	with	the	largest	viewer	base,	
subscribers,	 or	 “hits”.	 So	 long	 as	 less	 popular	 content	 producers	 continue	 to	 be	 deprived	 of	
representation	 and	 opportunities	 at	 the	 sustainable	 end	 of	 the	 revenue-split	 table,	 the	
monetary	incentives	generated	purely	by	advertising	revenue	will	continue	to	be	swallowed	by	
the	 top	 few	 percentage	 of	 content	 creators	 with	 the	 most	 traffic.	 The	 overall	 quality	 and	
diversity	of	content	on	the	platform	may	suffer	because	the	vast	majority	of	content	creators	
are	simply	not	able	to	command	a	reliable	income	stream	under	the	present	incentive	scheme,	
regardless	of	their	value	to	the	users.	The	consequence	is	that	due	to	the	massive	influence	of	
advertisers	 on	 the	 type	 of	 content	 that	 ends	 up	 being	 rewarded,	 a	 large	 catalogue	 of	 high	
quality	 content	may	end	up	never	being	produced	 simply	because	 it	would	be	unsustainable	
purely	 by	 advertising	 revenue.	 This	 represents	 a	 critical	 problem	 for	 both	 the	 platform	 and	
audience.	

The	Solution:	Uplive	

The	idea	of	generating	revenue	through	virtual	gifts	or	assets	has	been	used	extensively	in	the	
digital	 gaming	 industry.	 However,	 AIG’s	 flagship	 product,	 Uplive,	 has	 demonstrated	 that	 a	
sophisticated	 virtual	 gifting	 model	 can	 also	 work	 to	 create	 a	 sustainable	 ecosystem	 for	
mainstream	content	creators.	As	an	attestation	 to	 this	point,	 the	Uplive	platform	has	already	
been	generating	millions	of	dollars	of	 income	 for	over	60,000	 content	 creators	every	month.	
This	 constant	 income	 stream	 is	 generated	directly	 from	 the	ever-increasing	dedicated	viewer	
base.	AIG	has	enabled	the	“gig	economy”	as	termed	by	the	South	China	Morning	Post,	where	a	

																																																								

1	http://www.tubefilter.com/2017/05/04/how-youtube-adpocalypse-affected-top-creators/	



	

	

6	

broadcaster	 can	 generate	 significant,	 sustainable	 revenue	 simply	 by	 doing	 a	 few	 hours	 of	
broadcasting	a	day2.	

Examples	of	Uplive’s	virtual	gifts	are	presented	below,	while	actual	videos	of	these	virtual	gifts	
in	action	can	be	seen	at	www.up.live.		

	

The	diagram	below	shows	the	positive	feedback	loop	that	virtual	gifts	create,	and	why	it	is	such	
a	strong	revenue	driver.		When	a	viewer	sends	a	gift	to	a	broadcaster,	he	or	she	receives	visual	
delight	and	appreciation	from	the	gift.		When	the	broadcaster	responds	with	thanks,	the	viewer	
feels	the	recognition	and	gratitude.	 	This	 in	turn	encourages	more	gifting,	and	enhances	their	
social	relationship,	in	a	way	that	a	simple	monetary	tip	can	never	do.		In	essence,	this	mirrors	
real	life	gifting	behavior	and	psychology,	generating	a	reinforcing	positive	feedback	loop.	

																																																								

2	http://www.scmp.com/tech/china-tech/article/2073048/pots-gold-chinas-gig-economy	



	

	

7	

	

To	 truly	unleash	 the	 transformative	potential	of	 the	virtual	gifting	model,	we	must	 transcend	
the	boundaries	of	 any	platform,	 including	our	own.	We	understand	 the	 immense	benefits	 of	
allowing	 the	 audience	 to	 reward	 producers	 directly,	 without	 intermediaries	 such	 as	 the	
platform	 or	 advertisers	 dictating	 how	 producers	 should	 be	 paid.	 Therefore,	 we	 have	 been	
working	on	expanding	 the	deployment	of	 such	 a	model	 to	 any	 content	 producer	 around	 the	
world,	regardless	of	which	platform	they	choose	to	publish	on.	Our	objective	is	to	advance	our	
monetization	 system	 for	 the	 benefit	 of	 the	 millions	 of	 content	 creators	 worldwide,	 while	
allowing	meaningful	 relationships	 to	be	built	directly	between	 the	content	 creators	and	 their	
fans.	Uplive	has	already	demonstrated	 that	 this	 revenue	model	 is	possible.	Now,	we	want	 to	
bring	this	immensely	rewarding	and	effective	system	to	the	entire	world.		

We	do,	however,	recognise	that	there	are	multiple	challenges	in	bringing	our	vision	to	reality.	
These	include	the	following:	

● There	is	no	universally	immutable	and	trusted	ledger	recording	values,	transactions	and	
characteristics	of	virtual	gifts,	which	are	assets	with	significant	economic	value;	

● Virtual	 gifts	 are	 susceptible	 to	 sabotage,	 such	 as	 duplication	 of	 a	 limited	 edition	 gift,	
falsifying	 transactions,	 unauthorized	 changing	 values	 of	 their	 properties,	 among	other	
vulnerabilities;	

● There	is	no	organised	framework	to	manage	the	high	number	of	participants	required	to	
create,	categorise,	control	and	run	a	sophisticated	virtual	gifting	system;		

● Without	 such	a	 cohesive	 framework,	 it	 is	difficult	 to	attract	and	 retain	 the	number	of	
participants	required	to	service	content	creators	and	their	fans	on	a	global	scale;	
	



	

	

8	

Creating	high	quality	and	large	variety	of	creative	virtual	gifts	involves	a	combined	and	sizeable	
team	 effort	 involving	 many	 participants	 following	 a	 pre-set	 workflow	 which	 has	 been	
implemented	internally	at	Uplive	,	as	illustrated	by	the	process	below:	

	

This	 process	works	well	 for	Uplive,	 however,	 it	 relies	 on	 a	 few	 key	 centralized	 functions	 and	
often	 results	 in	 bottleneck	 of	 the	 speed	 and	 quality	 of	 the	 end	 products.	 	 For	 example,	 our	
curators	have	to	manually	test	and	trial	each	virtual	gift	for	each	content	creator,	and	from	an	
idea	to	a	high	monetization	and	popular	gift,	it	often	takes	weeks	to	create.		There	is	also	lack	of	
direct	incentives	for	participants	to	apply	their	creativity	to	the	gifts	as	it	is	difficult	to	track	how	
much	of	their	own	effort	contributes	to	the	end	result	of	the	gift	created.	

Finally,	combination	of	virtual	gifts	and	content	creators	can	have	different	revenue	shares,	i.e.,	
a	gift	with	an	 IP,	 such	as	Mercedes	virtual	 car,	will	have	 revenue	share	with	 the	brand.	 	And	
more	 experienced	 creators	 can	 command	 higher	 revenue	 share.	 This	 complex	 matrix	 of	
revenue	share	is	calculated	by	Uplive’s	internal	management	system	and	verified	by	a	team	of	
analysts,	and	the	effort	increases	as	Uplive’s	scale	expands.	

Therefore,	we	have	identified	the	need	to	build	a	more	decentralized	ecosystem,	that	involves	
the	 online	 community	 in	 all	 aspects	 of	 creating	 and	 maintaining	 the	 system.	 We	 need	 to	
implement	 clear	 rules	 and	 an	 incentive	 system	 that	 results	 self-governance,	 with	 minimal	
centralized	management.	

Our	 model	 must	 also	 motivate	 its	 participants	 to	 create	 high-value	 virtual	 gifts	 for	 content	
creators	in	sufficient	quantity	to	meet	the	existing	demand.	Gift	creators,	as	crucial	components	
of	 the	 ecosystem,	 will	 eventually	 produce	 a	 wholly	 new	 content	 interaction	 experience	 for	
content	producers	and	audiences	alike.	As	 illustrated	 in	the	above	diagram,	each	party	 in	the	



	

	

9	

ecosystem	will	be	incentivized	to	participate	and	contribute	in	the	workflow.		For	example,	the	
Gift	Creator,	Reviewer,	and	Content	Creator	will	each	receive	a	share	of	the	value	of	the	virtual	
gifts	 that	 have	 been	 purchased	 by	 the	 Fan.	 This	 way,	 this	 ecosystem	 is	 able	 to	 scale	 more	
organically,	without	being	 subject	 to	 the	monopolization	or	dictation	of	 revenue	 flow	by	any	
centralized	entity.	

The	Solution:	GIFTO	Protocol	-	The	Universal	Gifting	Protocol	powered	by	blockchain	

Blockchain	technology	offers	two	capabilities	that	are	critical	for	our	needs:	

● Blockchain	enables	creation	of	a	virtual	asset	that	holds	value	across	any	platform	and	is	
immutable.	

● Blockchain	enables	rules	to	be	built	into	a	decentralized	system	with	defined	roles	that	
can	 be	 utilized	 by	 community	 participants	 to	 drive	 a	workflow.	 	 Their	 actions	 can	 be	
incentivized	 and	 enforced	 by	 the	 blockchain,	 creating	 a	 self	 governing	 ecosystem.	 	 In	
particular,	 revenue	 share	 of	 the	 virtual	 gift’s	 value	 to	 different	 participants	 can	 be	
written	directly	into	the	gift.	
	

GIFTO	 Protocol	 -	 The	 Universal	 Gifting	 Protocol	 aims	 to	 utilize	 the	 above	 two	 capabilities	 of	
blockchain	technology	to	create	a	decentralized	ecosystem	where	a	community	of	participants	
can	come	together	to	create,	curate,	and	customize	a	rich	variety	of	high-quality	virtual	gifts	for	
global	content	creators.		

In	seeking	to	make	a	virtual	gift	immutable	and	independent	of	any	content	platform,	we	plan	
to	implement	it	as	a	smart	contract	asset.			

	

	



	

	

10	

GIFTO	Protocol	will	also	build	a	series	of	 rules	and	 incentives	to	drive	the	workflow	of	virtual	
gifting,	including	the	process	of	creation,	curation,	selection,	and	purchasing.		These	rules	and	
incentives	will	also	be	implemented	using	blockchain,	so	anyone	can	participate	in	the	workflow	
and	be	rewarded	for	it.	

GIFTO	 Tokens	 are	 compliant	 with	 ERC-20	 standards	 on	 the	 Ethereum	 system,	 and	 will	 be	
created	 for	 audiences	 to	 purchase	 virtual	 gifts	 to	 reward	 content	 creators.	 The	 virtual	 gifts,	
their	properties,	and	workflows	will	be	codified	in	an	ethereum	smart	contract.	

Finally,	in	order	to	ensure	frictionless	adoption,	A	Web-based	gifting	system	will	enable	virtual	
gifts	 to	 be	 sent	 by	 users	 to	 content	 creators	 on	 YouTube,	 Instagram,	 or	 any	 content/social	
media	platform,	by	just	using	a	Web	link,	without	any	plugin	or	any	additional	technical	effort.	

Implementation	and	adoption	

We	 have	 already	 begun	 implementation	 of	 GIFTO	 Protocol,	 leveraging	 our	 substantial	
experience	 in	 building	 virtual	 gift	 systems	 and	mass	market	 consumer	 products.	 	 The	 Alpha	
version	of	GIFTO	Protocol	will	be	in	testing	by	end	of	2017,	and	the	Beta	version	will	commence	
testing	 in	Q1	2018.	 	Recognizing	 that	high	 transaction	 throughput	 rate	on	blockchain	 is	a	key	
obstacle	to	mass	adoption,	we	are	actively	evaluating	several	leading	technology	projects.	

We	will	leverage	our	existing	user	base	of	20	millions	users	and	60,000	creators	to	test,	iterate,	
and	jump	start	mass	adoption.		They	will	be	the	first	adopters	and	testers	of	the	Alpha	version	
of	GIFTO	Protocol.			

The	team	behind	GIFTO	Protocol	

Asia	 Innovations	Group	(AIG)	 is	a	 leading	mobile	 interactive	entertainment	company	based	 in	
Asia.	 	 AIG	was	 co-founded	 by	 the	 former	 General	Manager	 of	 Zynga,	 China,	 and	 the	 former	
Deputy	Manager	of	Tencent’s	Corporate	Strategy.		Each	member	of	our	management	team	has	
over	10	years	experience	in	mobile	products	and	operations	across	Western	and	Asian	markets.		
AIG	currently	has	over	300	employees	across	9	global	offices,	spanning	from	Morocco	to	Taipei.	

AIG’s	portfolio	of	products	include:	

● PengPeng,	 the	 first	 gamified	 social	 chat	 app	 in	 Asia,	 amassing	 over	 40	 million	
downloads;	

● Uplive,	 the	 live	 streaming	 platform	with	 highest	monetization,	 on	 track	 for	USD	 $100	
million	 in	 revenue	 for	 2017,	 with	 over	 20	million	 downloads	 since	 its	 launch	 in	 June	
2016;	

● BigCat,	the	#1	original	YouTube	Content	maker	in	South	East	Asia,	with	150	million	views	
per	month	on	YouTube,	attracting	11	million	unique	viewers	per	month;	



	

	

11	

● Superfans,	 the	#1	 fans	app	 that	allows	 fans	 to	 follow	their	 favorite	stars’	 social	media	
activities,	amassing	over	10	million	users	since	launching	in	2016;	

● 50+	of	the	highest	quality	mobile	HTML5	social	games,	which	have	accumulated	over	30	
million	users		worldwide.	
	

AIG’s	products	have	together	accumulated	over	100	million	users,	and	the	company	is	now	on	
track	to	generate	more	than	USD	$130	Million	in	revenue	for	2017	alone.	

AIG	is	backed	by	first-tier	institutional	investors	such	as	KPCB,	Index	Ventures,	Wicklow	Capital,	
Ventech,	White	 Star,	 and	MSA.	 	 Individual	 investors	 include	 founder	 of	 Palantir,	 founder	 of	
Qunar.com,	co-founder	of	Zynga,	VP	of	Oculus	at	Facebook,	and	other	Internet	industry	leaders.	

AIG	 has	 been	widely	 reported	 in	mainstream	 press	 such	 as	 CNN,	WSJ,	 South	 China	Morning	
Post.	 	 More	 information	 on	 AIG	 can	 be	 found	 at	 www.asiainnovations.com,	 and	 Uplive	 at	
www.up.live.		

3.	Motivation:	A	First-Hand	Experience	

3.1	Why	Current	Content	Monetization	Model	Is	Broken	
Platforms	 such	 as	 YouTube,	 Instagram,	 Facebook,	 have	 made	 it	 easy	 for	 anyone	 to	 create	
content	with	their	mobile	phones	and	reach	theoretically	anyone	in	the	world.		Youtube	has	a	
Monthly	Active	User	(MAU)	count	of	1.5	billion	users3		while	Instagram	has	700	million	MAU4.	
Any	 one	 of	 these	 users	 can	 become	 a	 content	 creator.	 However,	 as	 easy	 as	 it	 is	 to	 create	
content,	 it	 remains	 difficult	 for	 the	 vast	majority	 of	 content	 providers	 to	make	 a	meaningful	
living	from	doing	so.		

																																																								

3	https://techcrunch.com/2017/06/22/youtube-has-1-5-billion-logged-in-monthly-users-watching-a-ton-of-mobile-video/	

4	https://techcrunch.com/2017/04/26/instagram-700-million-users/	

5	http://www.businessinsider.com/chart-of-the-day-youtube-videos-by-views-2009-5/?IR=T		

6	https://devumi.com/2016/12/1-million-youtube-views-much-youtube-pays-milestone/		

	

	

	



	

	

12	

The	fact	is	that	the	vast	majority	of	online	content	creators	today	are	simply	not	able	to	make	a	
sustainable	 living	 from	 their	 work.	 We	 have	 observed	 that	 an	 over-reliance	 on	 advertising	
revenue	across	many	major	centralised	content	platforms	has	led	to	the	creation	of	autocratic	
incentive	 systems	 which	 disproportionately	 favour	 mass-market	 content	 and	 “top-tier”	
producers.	This	model	has	created	an	epidemic	of	systematic	 revenue	deprivation,	orphaning	
the	 vast	majority	of	 budding	online	 content	 creators,	 and	 stifling	 the	diversity	 and	quality	of	
content	being	produced.	The	problem	is	 that	many	content	platforms	have	not	adapted	their	
products	 and	 services	 to	 generate	 value	 for	 the	 bulk	 of	 content	 creators	 -	 who,	 ironically,	
continue	to	drive	traffic	on	their	platform.		

Statistics	show	that	only	0.33%	of	all	videos	on	Youtube	have	more	than	1	million	views5,	with	
videos	 of	 1	 million	 views	 earning	 only	 a	 measly	 USD	 $2,000.006.	 This	 epidemic	 of	 systemic	
revenue	deprivation	is	highly	concerning	to	us.	Many	deserving	content	creators	are	completely	
neglected	 by	 this	 immensely	 lopsided	 system,	 which	 disproportionately	 favors	 mass-market	
content	over	niche,	tailor-made	content,	which	may	be	of	equal	or	higher	value	to	a	viewer.	The	
under-representation	of	the	overwhelming	majority	of	creators	on	many	global	platforms	today	
paints	 a	worrisome	picture	of	 the	 content	 production	 industry	 as	 a	whole.	While	we	believe	
that	all	artists,	producers	and	writers	should	be	able	to	make	a	decent	living,	there	is	simply	no	
impetus	to	change	this	crippling	model.	

In	 addition,	 since	many	 content	 platforms	 rely	 so	 heavily	 on	 advertising	 revenue,	 they	 often	
have	little	choice	but	to	cater	to	the	whims,	demands	and	expectations	of	the	advertisers.		For	
example,	 in	2017,	 some	advertisers	advanced	concerns	about	 their	 advertisements	are	being	
shown	 next	 to	 what	 they	 deemed	 to	 be	 “unsafe”	 content,	 and	 pulled	 the	 plug	 on	 many	
advertisements.	 The	end	 result	profoundly	affected	 the	earnings	of	many	content	producers,	
even	significantly	decreasing	revenue	for	many	of	the	“top-tier”	content	creators.	

	 	 	 	 	 	
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/youtube-is-making-it-harder-to-make-money-on-their_us_58e70b9fe4b00dd8e016ea99	

http://splinternews.com/get-rich-or-die-vlogging-the-sad-economics-of-internet-1793853578	



	

	

13	

	

“Phil	 DeFranco,	 who	 has	 about	 5.6	 million	
subscribers	 on	 YouTube,	 saw	 ad	 revenue	
drop	 by	 30	 percent	 within	 the	 first	 month.	
H3h3Productions,	 which	 has	 about	 4.7	
million	 subscribers,	 said	 it	 was	 only	 making	
15	percent	of	what	 it	 typically	makes	month	
on	month	via	YouTube”	

● Sep	7th,	2017,	DigiDay	
https://digiday.com/media/advertisers-may-have-returned-to-
youtube-but-creators-are-still-losing-out-on-revenue/	

At	AIG,	we	have	a	deep	understanding	of	this	painful	issue.	We	are	intimately	familiar	with	the	
perils	 of	 using	 advertising	 revenue	 as	 a	 livelihood	 crutch,	 and	 know	what	 this	 can	mean	 for	
producers	when	the	crutch	breaks	unexpectedly.	As	an	example,	within	our	portfolio	is	BigCat,	
the	leading	original	content	creator	on	Youtube	in	South	East	Asia,	with	over	150	million	views	
every	month.		BigCat	has	created	many	long	running	video	shows,	each,	on	average,	producing	
2	episodes	per	month.		The	average	number	of	views	for	each	episode	is	over	3	million.	Ghien	
Mi	Go	is	one	of	BigCat’s	most	popular	channels,	with	the	most	popular	video	amassing	over	69	
million	views.	

			 		

However,	 with	 even	 with	 a	 staggering	 150	 million	 views	 and	 11	 million	 unique	 viewers	 per	
month,	BigCat	can	only	make	USD	$20,000	per	month	via	YouTube	advertising.		All	these	views	
and	users	 are	 just	 brand	 showcase	 for	 Bigcat,	with	 custom	brand	 videos	 becoming	 the	main	
revenue	driver.	 	 If	 this	 is	 the	case	for	a	top	content	creator,	we	can	only	 imagine	the	 level	of	
impoverishment	 for	 the	 other	 99.99%	of	 creators	who	do	 not	 reach	 any	where	 close	 to	 150	
million	views	a	month.	This	problem	is	not	just	on	YouTube,	but	endemic	across	many	leading	
content	platforms	today.	



	

	

14	

3.2	A	Better	Monetization	Model:	Virtual	Gifting	
On	 the	 other	 hand,	AIG’s	 flagship	 product,	Uplive,	 provides	 an	 alternative	 through	 its	 virtual	
gifting	 solution.	 After	 its	 launch	 in	 June	 2016,	 Uplive	 quickly	 became	 the	 highest	 monthly	
revenue	international	live	streaming	platform.	As	of	August	2017,	Uplive	is	receiving	over	USD	
10	million	per	month	of	gross	revenue	from	millions	of	users	across	50+	countries,	and	at	the	
same	 time,	 generating	millions	 of	 income	 for	 the	 60,000+	 broadcasters	 spread	 across	 these	
countries.		In	essence,	Uplive	is	now	one	of	the	largest	user-generated	content	platforms	that	is	
powered	directly	through	user	contributions,	and	not	advertising.	

Uplive	serves	the	needs	of	the	global	community.	With	real-time	translation	support	in	multiple	
languages,	an	Uplive	user	can	interact	with	broadcasters	from	around	the	world,	from	Japan	to	
Morocco,	 all	 from	 the	 comfort	 of	 their	 own	 home.	 The	 Uplive	 platform	 enables	 users	 to	
transcend	traditional	physical	and	 language	barriers,	 forging	meaningful	 interactions	between	
people	 across	 cultures,	 languages	 and	 races.	 Perhaps	 most	 crucially,	 Uplive	 also	 demolishes	
revenue	barriers	for	content	creators.	

	

The	key	 to	Uplive’s	 strong,	 sustainable	 revenue	model	 lies	 in	 its	highly	optimized	virtual	 gift-
based	monetization	 system.	 The	 system	 is	 based	on	proven	business	models	 in	Asia	 and	 the	
team’s	deep	understanding	of	game	mechanics.	 	Uplive’s	 founder,	Andy	Tian,	was	one	of	 the	
earliest	 social	 game	 makers	 in	 2008,	 who	 later	 headed	 up	 Zynga	 China	 and	 parts	 of	 Asia	
operations.	 Throughout	 his	 career,	 Andy	 contributed	 to	 building	 more	 than	 20	 games	 that	



	

	

15	

collectively	 grossed	over	USD	500	Million	of	 revenue,	 being	played	by	over	 50	millions	users	
around	the	world.	

Uplive	enables	content	creators	to	generate	significant	revenue	directly	from	their	fanbase.	The	
top	broadcasters	on	Uplive	regularly	make	over	USD	$50,000	a	month,	for	broadcasting	only	1-
2	 hours	 per	 day.	 	On	 a	monthly	 basis,	 Uplive’s	 60,000+	 broadcasters	 receive	 over	 25	million	
virtual	 gifts	 from	 users	 around	 the	 world.	 	 As	 Uplive	 grows,	 we	 expect	 the	 number	 of	
broadcasters	to	surpass	100,000	in	Q1	of	2018.	

3.3	Why	Do	Virtual	Gifts	Generate	High	Revenue?	
Virtual	gifts	are	not	just	beautiful	animations	on	the	screen.	Their	ability	to	generate	significant	
revenue	comes	 from	sophisticated	 implementation	of	game	mechanics	and	 social	psychology	
which	have	been	deeply	considered	and	methodically	executed	by	Uplive.	

Visual	expression	is	essential	to	make	it	“fun”	for	senders	and	receivers	of	gifts	

Beautiful,	 expressive	 virtual	 gifts	 dramatically	 increase	 willingness	 of	 users	 to	 send	 gifts	 to	
broadcasters.	 	 For	 example,	 after	 an	 upgrading	 exercise	 of	 our	 gifts	 from	 simple	 graphics	 to	
more	expressive	animations,	revenue	from	gifts	increased	five	times.		As	we	are	veterans	in	the	
gaming	 industry,	 our	 artists,	who	 have	 previously	worked	 on	 some	 of	 the	 best	 international	
games,	created	some	of	the	most	beautiful	virtual	gifts	ever	in	the	live	streaming	industry.		We	
have	observed	that	users	and	broadcasters	on	Uplive	find	it	incredibly	“fun”	and	rewarding	to	
send/receive	gifts.	

Virtual	gift	is	critical	in	enhancing	social	relationships	

The	concept	of	“tipping”	a	content	creator	has	been	around	for	a	long	time,	and	there	are	many	
such	 services	 in	 the	West,	 from	 Twitch	 credits	 to	 crypto	 tips	 on	 Reddit.	 	 However,	we	 have	
observed	that	virtual	gifts	are	much	more	powerful	and	evocative	than	cash.	Gifting	is	a	basic,	
universal	human	social	behavior,	built	on	the	psychology	of	reciprocity.	A	direct	monetary	tip	
simply	 cannot	 supplant	 the	 flow	 of	 positive	 emotions	 generated	 from	 receiving	 a	 more	
expressive,	personalised	gift.		In	addition,	there	is	only	one	way	to	send	someone	10	dollars,	but	
infinite	 ways	 of	 sending	 someone	 gifts	 valued	 at	 10	 dollars.	 In	 the	 physical	 world,	 care,	
appreciation,	and	adoration	are	expressed	by	the	process	of	selecting,	packaging,	and	delivering	
of	a	gift.	 That	 is	how	people	build	 social	 relationships	of	 significance,	and	 this	 is	what	Uplive	
brings	to	the	virtual	world.	

In	 Uplive,	 the	 emotional	 reward	 of	 receiving	 visually	 exciting	 and	 fun	 virtual	 gifts	 greatly	
enhances	 relationship	 between	 the	 broadcaster	 and	 his/her	 fans,	 in	 a	 way	 that	 a	monetary	
“tip”,	be	it	$1	or	0.01	BTC,	can	never	do.	The	diagram	below	shows	the	positive	feedback	loop	



	

	

16	

that	virtual	gifts	can	create.		When	a	viewer	sends	gift	to	a	broadcaster,	he/she	receives	visual	
delight	and	appreciation	from	the	gift.		When	the	broadcaster	responds	with	thanks,	the	viewer	
feels	 recognition.	 	This	 leads	 to	more	gift	 sending,	and	enhances	 their	 social	 relationship	 in	a	
multitude	of	ways	that	a	simple	monetary	tip	 (and	much	 less,	advertising	revenue)	can	never	
do.	 	 In	 essence,	 Uplive	 brings	 real-life	 gifting	 concepts,	 along	 with	 all	 its	 attendant	 benefits	
directly	into	the	virtual	world.	The	result	is	that	both	the	content	producers	and	their	audiences	
are	rewarded	in	their	own	way.	 			

	

Users	are	willing	to	pay	significant	real	money	for	virtual	gifts.	

This	is	a	sample	of	our	gift	sales	from	July	2017:	

Rank	 of	
sales	

ID	 Name	 #	of	gifts	sold	 Total	 Sales	 in	
Uplive	coins	

Gift	Price	(USD)	

1	 290009	 Sail	Hotel	 15,318	 20,127,852	 	$19.3		

2	 148	 Lipstick	 995,458	 19,909,160	 	$0.3		

3	 17014	 Private	Jet	 3,838	 19,190,000	 	$73.5		

4	 19	 Bubble	Tea	 938,210	 18,764,200	 	$0.3		

5	 270002	 Dream	Carriage	 2,636	 14,711,245	 	$82.1		

6	 190034	 Birds	Bridge	 25,874	 13,480,354	 	$7.7		

7	 190030	 Mid-summer's	dream	 15,091	 13,400,808	 	$13.1		



	

	

17	

8	 190035	 Romantic	Galaxy	 8,813	 11,580,282	 	$19.3		

9	 660001	 Banana	 493,743	 9,874,860	 	$0.3		

10	 17055	 Cupid	 7,575	 9,826,764	 	$19.1		

11	 270001	 Taipei	101	 741	 9,736,740	 	$193.2		

12	 17	 Flying	kiss	 967,974	 9,679,740	 	$0.1		

13	 17084	 Private	Island	 322	 9,660,000	 	$441.2		

14	 17012	 Ferrari	 3,178	 9,534,000	 	$44.1		

15	 190033	 Love	you	forever	 16,099	 8,371,480	 	$7.6		

16	 680002	 Diving	Mask	 413,388	 8,267,760	 	$0.3		

17	 690004	 Blue	Roses	 81,116	 8,030,484	 	$1.5		

18	 2005	 Little	Monster	 8,022,929	 8,022,929	 	$0.015		

19	 190032	 Together	Forever	 14,322	 7,447,440	 	$7.6		

20	 17086	 Around	the	World	 71	 7,099,929	 	$1,471		

21	 180019	 Birds	Bridge	 351,139	 7,022,780	 	$3		

22	 190009	 Dodge	 11,193	 6,581,484	 	$9		

23	 390009	 Dream	Box	 12,512	 6,506,240	 	$8		

24	 2003	 Golden	Monster	 34,179	 6,425,652	 	$3		

25	 17057	 Victoria	Harbor	 620	 6,199,380	 	$147		

	

Our	sales	statistics	have	demonstrated	that	users	are	willing	to	pay	as	much	as	USD	$1,471.00	
for	an	“Around	the	World”	gift,	one	of	our	most	expensive	and	elaborate	gifts.	Because	these	
gifts	have	 real	meaning	within	our	Uplive	platform,	users	begin	 to	attach	 real	 value	 to	 them,	
and	therefore	are	willing	 to	pay	 for	 them.	 	This	concept	has	been	proven	true	time	and	time	
again	in	online	games,	and	we	have	simply	adopted	this	concept	to	our	content	platform.	

	

	



	

	

18	

Virtual	gifts	are	an	integral	part	of	a	larger	gamification	framework	

In	Uplive,	we	control	all	aspects	of	the	gifting	experience	by	crafting	a	rich,	intriguing	variety	of	
tiered	 virtual	 gifts	 for	 use	 on	 the	 platform.	 The	 following	 are	 some	 of	 the	 characteristics	 of	
Uplive	gifts:	

● Scarce:	only	100	of	this	special	gift	is	available	
● Customized:	some	VIP	users	and	broadcasters	have	gifts	that	are	customized	for	them	

with	their	special	requests	and	taste	
● Transient:		this	gift	must	be	used	in	5	days,	or	it	will	expire	
● Combinable:	3	gifts	can	be	combined	to	form	a	new,	more	valuable	one	
● Special-occasion-based:		gifts	for	Christmas,	Easter,	Valentine’s	Day	
● Collectable:		12	types	of	horoscope	gifts	can	be	collected	with	rewards	
● Tradeable:	this	gift	can	be	traded	once	to	others	
● Variable-pricing:		this	gift	has	a	defined	discount	just	for	5	days	
● AR:	gifts	of	crowns,	 flowers,	sunglasses	can	be	worn	by	broadcasters	to	enhance	their	

appearance	
● Interactive:	users	can	interact	with	gifts	for	game	like	fun	
● Randomly	generated:	 some	gifts	when	opened	will	 randomly	generate	more	valuable	

ones	
For	 anyone	 who	 has	 built	 large	 scale,	 virtual	 goods	
driven	 online	 games	 before,	 these	 categories	 would	
look	 immediately	 familiar	 as	 in	 game	 items.	We	 have	
adopted	 the	 core	 concepts	 from	 the	 digital	 gaming	
industry	 and	 implemented	 a	 similarly	 intuitive	 but	
sophisticated	gifting	system,	which	works	well	for	users	
who	have	never	played	games	before.	

	Virtual	gifts	lead	to	engaging	new	advertising		

Uplive	has	worked	with	many	leading	brands	to	create	
virtual	versions	of	 their	products,	which	users	actively	
engage	 with.	 	 In	 the	 example	 on	 the	 left,	 Uplive	 has	
worked	 with	 Mercedes	 in	 Taiwan	 to	 create	 a	 unique	
SLC	 gift	 that	was	 a	 part	 of	 the	 Valentine’s	 day	 event.		
These	 virtual	 gifts	 are	 extremely	 popular	 with	 users,	
and	 also	 represent	 a	 new	 type	 of	 highly	 engaging	
advertising	value.		

	



	

	

19	

3.4	Blockchain:	Decentralized	Virtual	Gifts		
As	we	steadily	grow	our	Uplive	network,	we	have	come	to	recognize	the	underlying	potential	
for	our	system	to	serve	countless	content	creators	residing	on	other	content	platforms.	There	
are	millions	of	 such	 content	 creators	 in	 the	world.	 Yet,	 some	may	have	 already	 invested	 too	
much	 into	 their	 content	 platforms	 to	 justify	 a	migration	 to	Uplive,	while	 other	 creators	may	
produce	 content	 that	 is	 just	 not	 suited	 for	 live	 broadcasting.	We	 thus	 encounter	 numerous	
technical	 and	 economical	 challenges	 in	 exporting	 our	 native	 system	 for	 the	 benefit	 of	 these	
content	 creators.	 While	 our	 virtual	 gifts	 are	 a	 powerful	 and	 effective	 monetization	 tool,	
currently	 they	can	only	be	used	specifically	on	Uplive.	Outside	of	our	centralized	system,	and	
without	a	well-defined,	unalienable	 set	of	 rules,	 these	virtual	 gifts	quickly	 lose	 their	meaning	
and	value,	and	will	ultimately	fail	to	benefit	content	creators.	

We	have	established	that	for	a	virtual	gifting	system	to	exist	independently	of	any	centralized	
system	such	as	Uplive,	it	must	have	following	features:	

● Trusted	continuity	of	value:	it	must	have	a	well-defined	and	universally	accepted	value	
that	is	trusted	regardless	of	any	platform.		

● Lifetime:	must	be	able	to	define	how	long	this	gift	is	valid	for.		This	is	commonly	used	for	
special	 occasion	 gifts	 such	 as	 holidays,	 where	 a	 Santa	 would	 not	 be	 appropriate	 any	
more	after	Christmas.	

● Immutable	transaction	records:	it	must	permanently	record	all	actions	performed	on	the	
gift,	such	as	

o The	identity	of	the	sender	and	the	receiver	
o Changes	in	value	
o Changes	in	any	identifying	properties,	names,	visual	asset,	etc.	

● Creator/owner:	it	must	record	who	created	this	gift,	and	who	is	the	current	owner	
● Customizable	properties	

o Allow	anyone	with	creative	ideas	to	create	their	own	customized	gifts	
	

We	 have	 identified	 blockchain	 technology	 and	 smart	 contracts	 as	 the	 basis	 for	 deploying	 a	
universal,	decentralised	virtual	gifting	system	which	can	be	deployed	and	usable	by	any	content	
creator.	This	technology	will	extinguish	the	continued	reliance	on	any	centralised	platform,	and	
yet	allow	content	creators	to	reap	significant	commercial	value	directly	from	their	 fans,	while	
simultaneously	enhancing	the	overall	experience	and	social	relationships.	

We	note	that	the	concept	of	virtual	asset	transmission	on	blockchain	is	not	a	novel	concept.	In	
fact,	 there	 are	 already	 some	early	 implementations	of	 collectible	 virtual	 assets,	 such	 as	Rare	
Pepe	virtual	trading	cards,	which	uses	counterparty.io	to	ensure	the	uniqueness	of	each	card.		
The	social	value	of	these	items	can	be	seen	in	the	vibrant	Rare	Pepe	trading	community.		



	

	

20	

Now,	we	want	to	capitalise	on	the	inherent	capabilities	of	the	blockchain,	along	with	our	deep	
expertise	in	gamification	and	virtual	gift	systems,	to	introduce	a	universal	gifting	system	for	the	
benefit	 of	 content	 creators	 worldwide,	 across	 any	 platform.	 Empowered	 by	 blockchain	
technology,	we	will	create	the	 first,	 truly	decentralized	universal	gifting	protocol.	We	name	 it	
“GIFTO	Protocol	-	The	Universal	Gifting	Protocol”.	

4.	GIFTO	Protocol	-	The	Universal	Gifting	Protocol	
GIFTO	Protocol	 -	 The	Universal	Gifting	Protocol	 is	 envisioned	 to	be	a	 self-governing	and	 self-
sustaining	 ecosystem	 for	 virtual	 gifts	 to	 be	 created,	 curated,	 tracked,	 bought,	 sent	 and	
exchanged	across		any	content	platform	such	as	YouTube,	Instagram,	Facebook,	and	Uplive.		

For	 it	to	truly	be	a	self-sustaining	ecosystem	for	all	contributors,	GIFTO	Protocol	will	have	the	
following	components:		

● Gifts	-	GIFTO	Protocol’s	Virtual	Smart	Gifts,	self-executing	virtual	assets	based	on	smart	
contracts	that	live	on	the	blockchain		

● Gift	Store,	where	a	fan	can	buy	a	gift	for	the	content	creator	
o The	Gift	Store	will	be	displayed	when	a	fan	clicks	on	the	gifting	link	for	a	content	

creator	(see	section	4.1),	and	will	show	gifts	customized	by	this	content	creator		
● Gift	Inventory,	holds	gifts	for	a	user	who	can	be	either	a	fan	or	a	content	creator	
● GIFTO	Tokens,	an	ERC20-standards	token	used	to	buy/redeem	virtual	gifts.	
● GIFTO	Wallet,	a	wallet	to	hold	GIFTO	Tokens	for	a	user	
● Gift	 Portal,	 a	 management	 system	 for	 gifts	 to	 be	 created,	 curated,	 and	managed	 by	

GIFTO	Protocol	contributors	



	

	

21	

	
The	Gift	Portal	is	the	interface	through	which	all	the	participants	in	the	ecosystem	conduct	their	
actions	on	the	virtual	gift	workflow:		

	 	



	

	

22	

4.1	Enable	Virtual	Gifting	On	Any	Content	Platform	
Our	experience	with	building	and	deploying	 large	 scale	 consumer	products	has	 revealed	 that	
frictionless	 interfaces	 to	 technology	 tend	 to	 lead	 towards	 higher	 success	 rates	 of	 mass	
adoption.		

We	envision	the	GIFTO	Protocol	to	enable	any	content	creator	to	receive	gifts	on	any	content	
platform.	 Therefore,	 in	 order	 to	 successfully	 induce	 mass	 adoption	 amongst	 users,	 the	
blockchain	 technology	 has	 to	 be	 implemented	 and	 deployed	 a	 seamless	 and	 easy-to-use	
manner.	

In	response,	we	have	created	a	broad	HTML5-based	gifting	interface,	meaning	that	only	a	link	is	
needed	 to	send	virtual	gifts	 to	any	content	creator	on	any	platform.	We	have	eliminated	 the	
need	to	download	any	further	plugins	or	other	clumsy	technical	integration	tools.		

Using	Youtube	as	an	example,	the	basic	gift-giving	flow	is	as	follows:	

Step	 1:	 The	 content	 creator	 selects		
the	gifts	 appropriate	his	or	her	 content	
project	

	

Step	2:	A	Web	link	is	created	for	the	
content	creator	that	will	show	the	gifts	
to	her	fans	

	

	



	

	

23	

Step	3:	The	content	creator	can	paste	
the	link	in	her	Instagram,	Facebook,	or	
YouTube	channel	

	

Step	4:	a	fan	clicks	on	the	link,	opens	
up	the	customized	Gift	Store,	uses	
GIFTO	to	purchase	and	send	a	gift	

	

Once	 a	 content	 creator	 receives	 the	 virtual	 gift,	 it	 is	 stored	 in	 inventory,	 he	 or	 she	 can	 then	
choose	one	of	two	actions:	

● Redeem	 the	 virtual	 gift	 and	 convert	 it	 into	GIFTO	 Tokens;	where	 the	 virtual	 gift	 then	
disappears	from	inventory,	or	

● Keep	the	virtual	gift,	which	can	be	sent	at	a	later	time	to	others.	
○ Limited	edition	gifts	are	especially	valuable	

4.2	The	Ecosystem	Of	Virtual	Gifting	
The	creation	and	maintenance	of	a	high-quality	and	high-demand	inventory	of	virtual	gifts	is	a	
manpower-intensive	task.	Our	team	of	over	300	highly	skilled	game	artists,	designers,	engineers	
and	operational	staffs	can	only	create	50	new	gifts	a	month.	This	number	clearly	falls	short	of	
what	we	want	to	achieve	for	all	the	content	creators	across	the	multiple	content	platforms.			



	

	

24	

Therefore,	we	need	to	build	a	proper	ecosystem	of	active	participants	who	will	work	together	
to	 create	 a	 system	 that	 is	 scalable	 and	 self-sustaining.	 	 Our	 vision	 of	 the	 key	 participants	 is	
outlined	below:	

- Content	creators:		The	producers	or	creators	of	any	content	around	the	world	that	has	
his	or	her	fan-base,	be	it	video,	music,	art,	or	any	other	communicative	medium	

- Virtual	 gift	 creators:	 	 The	 contributors/artists	who	 create	 the	 virtual	 gift	 assets,	 from	
images	to	animations;	they	can	also	be	content	creators	themselves	

- Curators:	 The	 panel	 to	 review	 and	 curate	 virtual	 gifts	 for	 quality,	 categorization,	 and	
pricing	

- Fans:	The	fans,	fan-base	of	content	producers	or	creators	
	

Our	Uplive	platform	has	implemented	this	concept,	and	truly	refined	the	process	of	how	each	
actor	performs	 its	 role	and	complements	 the	others	 in	 this	highly	dynamic	virtual	ecosystem.	
Our	constant	dedication	to	fine-tuning	every	aspect	of	the	gifting	cycle	is	how	we	ensure	that	
we	have	one	of	 the	most	 sophisticated	 and	 valuable	 virtual	 gifting	 systems	 in	 the	 entire	 live	
streaming	 industry.	 Now,	 we	 can	 finally	 combine	 the	 power	 of	 this	 proven	 system	with	 the	
immutable	and	decentralised	capabilities	of	blockchain	technology	to	better	serve	the	needs	of	
millions	 of	 deserving	 content	 producers	 and	 creators	 all	 around	 the	 world.	 Our	 virtual	 gift	
system	will	connect	creators	and	consumers	in	ways	never	experienced	before.	

	

A	few	things	to	note:	

1. It	 is	 crucial	 to	have	 a	 centralized	 forum	where	 ideas	 can	be	pooled	 and	 improved	
upon,	 because	 even	 the	 best	 gift	 creators	 do	 not	 have	 all	 the	 best	 ideas.		



	

	

25	

Furthermore,	 some	 ideas	will	 tend	 to	 be	 iterative	 in	 nature,	 hence	 the	 gift	 ideas’	
pool	must	constantly	 filter	out	unoriginal	or	 repeated	gift	concepts.	 	A	gift	creator	
can	access	the	pool	to	see	what	has	already	been	created	as	gifts	or	to	get	inspired	
to	create	new	ones.	

2. A	Gift	Creator	is	often	a	visual	artist,	who	creates	an	image	or	animation	as	a	virtual	
gift.	 The	 Gift	 Creator	 can	 also	 use	 trademarked	 IPs	 once	 he/she	 has	 obtained	
permission	from	the	IP	holder.		For	example,	to	create	a	virtual	Chanel	handbag,	the	
gift	creator	must	have	obtained	prior	permission.		Whether	the	created	gift	has	an	IP	
component	should	be	marked	in	the	gift	record.		IP	owner	can	grant	permission	with	
a	 pre-agreed	 fee	 to	 gift	 creators.	 	 Curators	 and	 users	 can	 report	 an	 IP	 violation,	
which	will	cause	the	gift	to	be	taken	out	of	circulation	and	its	creator	notified	with	
relevant	 action(s)	 taken	 where	 necessary.	 Lastly,	 being	 a	 Gift	 Creator	 does	 not	
preclude	the	same	person	from	being	a	content	producer	as	well.	

3. The	 Curator	 plays	 an	 important	 role.	One	 key	 learning	we	 had	when	dealing	with	
user-generated	 content	 is	 that	 a	 solid	 curation	 framework	 greatly	 increases	 the	
quality	 of	 content	 offerings.	 The	 best	 gift	 creators	 are	 not	 necessarily	 the	 best	
curators,	and	vice	versa.	Therefore,	we	must	separate	the	creation	and	curation	 in	
the	form	of	a	maker/checker	system.	

The	Curator	has	3	things	to	review:		

o Content:		
§ Visually	judge	representation	and	description.		
§ Weed	out	inappropriate	or	low	quality	content.	
§ Flag	out	any	potential	legal	violations	or	IP	violations.	

o Category:		
§ Proper	gift	categorization	for	better	sorting	capabilities	

o Price:		
§ Determining	 appropriate	 pricing	 levels.	 The	 initial	 price	 must	 be	 well	

represented	based	on	 its	 visual	quality,	 value	 in	 real	world	 context	 and	
price	relativity.		For	example,	a	virtual	Diamond-studded	pen	can	be	more	
expensive	than	a	virtual	car	even	though	the	virtual	car	is	more	expensive	
than	a	normal	virtual	pen.		

	
Curation	is	not	an	easy	 job	and	the	curator	might	not	be	well-versed	to	 judge	all	gifts.		
Hence,	a	curator	can	choose	to	skip	a	gift	if	he/she	is	unsure	about	it	and	only	curates	
the	ones	that	he/she	has	domain	knowledge	in.	



	

	

26	

1. The	 content	 creator	 can	 choose	 the	 type	 of	 gift	 for	 their	 fans	 to	 see	 to	 create	 a	
customized	and	constant	fresh	engagement	experience.	

2. To	close	the	loop,	fans	can	select	and	purchase	gifts	with	GIFTO	Tokens	to	send	to	the	
content	 creator	 while	 also	 providing	 feedback	 on	 new	 concepts	 for	 gift	 ideas	 to	 be	
added	to	the	pool	of	gifts.	

4.3	Community	Participation:	Incentives	
We	want	GIFTO	Protocol	-	The	Universal	Gifting	Protocol	to	eventually	be	the	ultimate	“gift”	to	
the	 global	 community	 where	 everyone	 can	 create,	 send,	 and	 receive	 gifts	 regardless	 of	 the	
platform	in	which	they	reside.		Our	live	video	streaming	and	gaming	experience	has	proven	that	
it	will	not	only	create	a	significant	monetization	avenue	for	the	hard	working	content	creators	
but	also	make	it	mutually	rewarding	for	all	parties	involved.		Our	vision	is	to	use	the	element	of	
enjoyment	 and	 personal	 connections	 to	 further	 enhance	 the	 social	 dynamics	 of	 all	 virtual	
relationships.	

We	 know	 that	 for	 any	 decentralized	 ecosystem	 to	work,	 a	 proper	 incentive	 and	 disincentive	
mechanism	must	be	set	in	place	to	continuously	reward	and	encourage	positive	behavior,	while	
eliminating	 unacceptable	 behaviors.	 	 The	 rules	 governing	 this	 framework	 should	 be	 simple,	
logical	 and	 transparent	 enough	 for	 anyone	 to	 easily	 read	 and	 understand.	 	 When	 such	 a	
framework	 is	properly	executed	within	 the	ecosystem,	 it	 can	 create	a	positive	 feedback	 loop	
that	is	truly	decentralized,	in	a	trustless	and	autonomous	manner.	Our	suggested	framework	is	
presented	below.	

Positive	Incentives	

When	 the	 fan	 purchases	 a	 gift	 with	 GIFTO	 Tokens	 and	 sends	 it	 to	 the	 content	 creator,	 the	
following	proposed	revenue	share	in	GIFTO	tokens	ensures	everyone	involved	is	compensated:	

	



	

	

27	

*Note	 that	 all	 token	 revenue	 shares	 occur	 only	 after	 transaction	 fees	 incurred	 by	 the	 gift	
purchase	have	been	deducted.	

Notes:	

● Content	 creator	will	 earn	up	 to	 80%	as	 he/she	 is	 considered	 the	main	 contributor	 to	 the	
ecosystem.	

● Gift	creator	earns	5%:	
o If	an	established	IP	is	used,	then	the	IP	rights	holder	will	be	entitled	to	a	portion	of	

this	token	revenue	share.		Actual	%	is	up	to	agreement	between	gift	creator	and	IP	
owner,	and	there	will	be	a	custom	data	field	in	the	smart	contract	for	this	gift.	

● Gift	Curator	earns	2%	for	work	done	in	reviewing	the	gift	created.	
● GIFTO	Protocol	earns	10%	for	operational	support	and	maintenance	of	the	ecosystem.	
● The	remaining	3%	would	be	accumulated	into	a	rewards	pool	to	be	paid	out	periodically	to	

all	 viewers/fans	 as	 bonus	 or	 lucky	 draw	 prizes	 to	 reinforce	 the	 element	 of	 fun	 and	
gamification.	
	

The	 proposed	 token	 revenue	 share	will	 be	written	 into	 each	 gift’s	 smart	 contract	 so	 that	 all	
shares	 are	 done	 in	 a	 fair,	 instant	 and	 transparent	 manner.	 	 We	 will	 implement	 constant	
iterations	 to	 optimize	 the	 incentives	 for	 all	 parties	 involved	 as	 the	 ecosystem	 evolves	 from	
Alpha	to	Beta	testing	versions.	

Negative	Incentives	

There	are	a	number	of	ways	 that	 the	ecosystem	workflow	can	be	 compromised.	We	 foresee	
that	the	following	weaknesses	may	still	exist:	

● Gift	Creators	can	create	poor	quality,	offensive	Gifts	which	the	Curator	fails	to	spot.	
● A	virtual	Gift	might	violate	an	existing	IP	
● A	Gift	Creator	purposely	set	very	high	prices	for	all	of	his/her	gifts	

To	effectively	curb	undesired	behavior,	we	will	implement	certain	mechanisms	as	utilized	in	the	
Uplive	platform.	As	a	starting	point,	detailed	policies	will	be	iterated	and	completed	during	Beta	
testing	version:	

● Inherent	checks	and	balances	in	the	ecosystem:	
○ Content	 creator	 receives	 the	 majority	 of	 the	 economic	 value	 from	 each	 gift,	

therefore	 they	are	 the	most	 incentivized	 to	select	best	quality	gifts	 to	 increase	
the	chance	that	their	fans	would	purchase.	

○ Content	 creators	 are	 also	 the	 most	 publicly	 visible	 participants	 hence	 any	
violation	of	IP	rights	or	common	decency	is	associated	with	and	reflects	badly	on	
them.	



	

	

28	

○ Fans	 are	 paying	 with	 GIFTO	 Tokens,	 which	 will	 have	 economic	 value,	 and	
therefore	will	only	buy	gifts	 that	are	high	quality	and	 those	 that	 they	 fancy,	at	
the	 price	 that	 they	 think	 are	 fair.	 	 Inefficient	 or	 unrealistic	 pricing	 of	Gifts	will	
result	in	fewer	purchases,	as	it	is	in	the	real	world.	
	

● Gift	Ratings:	
○ Gifts	are	rated	by	fans	and	content	creators:	

■ When	content	creator	view	Gifts	for	selection	
■ When	fans	see	them	in	the	Gift	Store	

○ Ratings	are	based	on	a	widespread	5-star	rating	(1-worst	and	5-best).	
○ The	ratings	of	the	Gift	are	recorded	for	both	Gift	Creator	and	Curator	
○ If	ratings	fall	below	4	stars,	the	Gift	Creator’s	and	Curator’s	revenue	share	will	be	

reduced	to	50%	of	their	allocated	%	earnings.	
○ If	ratings	fall	below	3.5	stars,	their	revenue	share	would	be	adjusted	to	0%.		

	
Uplive	has	created	a	vibrant	economy	of	content	creators	with	fans	that	are	happy	to	pay	for	
virtual	gifts.	We	will	exercise	the	same	time-tested	policies	that	have	been	proven	to	work	for	
the	new	GIFTO	Protocol	ecosystem.			

4.4	The	Gift	Portal	
The	 Gift	 Portal	 will	 enable	 content	 creators	 and	 users	 to	 better	 manage	 the	 entire	 gifting	
experience,	from	both	giving	and	receiving	perspectives.	

For	content	creators:	

• To	view	their	received	Gifts	
• Allows	content	creator	to	view	Gift	statistics	and	continuously	customize	which	

gifts	are	available	for	his/her	viewers,	in	order	to	maximize	monetization	
• View	various	leaderboards	(image	4.4.1	below)	
• Access	analytics	to	help	content	creators	understand	which	content	drives	better	

monetization	
• Use	management	and	communication	 tool	between	content	creators	and	 their	

top	fans	

For	users:	

• To	view	which	content	creators	they	have	sent	Gifts	to	
• To	view	their	currently	purchased	gifts	that	have	not	been	sent	
• Providing	inputs	to	Gift	Idea	Pool	



	

	

29	

Sample	UI	of	Alpha	version	of	Gift	Portal:	

List	of	gift	projects	that	a	content	creator	
might	creator	for	his/her	content	across	
different	platforms	

	

	

Showing	revenue	received	by	the	content	
creator	in	GIFTO	tokens	via	virtual	gifts	

	

	

	 	



	

	

30	

	

The	fan	can	see	who	else	has	sent	gifts	to	this	
content	creator	

	

	

To	further	enhance	the	social	gifting	experience,	we	will	introduce	the	element	of	competition.	
GIFTO	 Protocol	 will	 exhibit	 a	 variety	 of	 leaderboards	 for	 each	 content	 creator	 to	 encourage	
competition	amongst	his	or	her	fans.	The	more	generous	the	fan,	the	higher	up	the	leaderboard	
he	or	she	will	place.	

From	 the	 leaderboards,	both	users	 and	 content	 creators	will	 be	able	 to	 see	who	are	 the	 top	
fans	for	this	creator,	what	are	the	most	popular	gifts,	and	which	content	is	the	most	popular.	

	



	

	

31	

With	leaderboards	and	rankings,	content	creators	can	see	who	their	top	contributors	are.	This	
opens	up	more	avenues	for	revenue	and	content	generation.	For	example,	customized	content	
can	be	produced	at	the	top	contributor’s	request;	content	can	also	be	made	exclusively	for	such	
contributors.		This	system	allows	producers	to	build	closer	relationships	with	contributors	and	
dramatically	 enhances	 the	 social	 relationships	 between	 content	 creators	 and	 fans,	 as	 they	
currently	do	on	Uplive.	

4.5	Smart	Virtual	Gifts	
Smart	Virtual	Gifts	are	digital	assets	deployed	using	smart	contracts	within	the	blockchain.	They	
are	used	to	publish	and	store	data	about	virtual	gifts	on	the	blockchain.	Using	smart	contracts	
ensures	 that	virtual	gifts	are	kept	 transparent	and	 immutable.	The	Smart	Virtual	Gift’s	 record	
includes	the	following	data:	

	

● Gift	name	
● Visual	asset		
● Gift	creator		
● Provenance	of	the	Gift	(Origination/Transaction	Path)	
● Content	creator	who	is	merchandizing	this	gift	
● Gift	value	in	GIFTO	tokens	
● Token	revenue	share	contracts	

○ ie,	5%	for	Gift	Creator,	10%	for	IP	if	used,	70%	for	Content	Creator	
● Special	properties	based	on	categories	below	
	

Many	categories	of	Gifts	have	already	been	deployed	in	Uplive	and	will	be	ported	over	to	GIFTO	
Protocol.	 	Over	time,	new	types	of	gifts	can	be	created	by	the	community	based	on	creativity	



	

	

32	

and	 demand	 of	 fans.	 	 Pricing	 of	 virtual	 gifts	 in	 GIFTO	 Tokens	 will	 be	 publicly	 visible	 in	 the	
representation	of	the	gift.	The	various	models	and	formats	of	virtual	Gifts	to	be	implemented	
using	smart	contracts	are	seen	below.			

4.6	GIFTO	Token	
GIFTO	Tokens	will	be	the	main	transactional	currency	in	GIFTO	Protocol	and	will	be	used	in	the	
following	ways:	

1. Virtual	 gifts:	 Community	 members	 can	 use	 GIFTO	 Tokens	 to	 buy	 and	 redeem	 virtual	
gifts;	

2. Incentivizing	 the	 community:	 Participants	 can	 earn	 GIFTO	 Tokens	 by	 performing	 a	
service	in	the	ecosystem.	e.g.	creating	a	virtual	gift	or	curating	virtual	gifts	
	

GIFTO	Tokens	will	be	compliant	with	ERC20	standards	and	will	possess	the	following	properties:	

● Foundation:	Ethereum	blockchain	
● Name:	GIFTO;	Symbol:	GIFTO	
● Supply:	One	Billion	(1,000,000,000)	GIFTO	Tokens	in	total	
● Balance:	Available	publically	on	Ethereum	
● Account:	Uses	Ethereum	addresses	
● Mining:	None	
● Owner:	A	multi-signature	wallet		
● Restriction:	Owner	(Issuer	of	GIFTO	Tokens)	cannot	purchase,	but	Owner	can	allow	the	

purchase	 and	 control	 of	 the	 token	 initial	 price	 peg.	 The	 Owner	 can	 withdraw	 ethers	
from	the	contract.		

4.7	GIFTO	Wallet		
To	make	it	easy	for	users	who	are	new	to	cryptocurrency,	we	have	also	developed	the	GIFTO	
Wallet,	a	U.S.	Patent	pending	technology	transactional	wallet.	The	GIFTO	Wallet	will	handle	all	
GIFTO-related	 transaction	 activities	 such	 as	 creating	 the	 user’s	 wallet	 on	 the	 Ethereum	
blockchain,	 and	performing	 the	 transferring,	 buying,	 redemption	 functions	both	 internally	on	
our	 network	 and	 externally	 on	 the	 blockchain.	 	With	 the	 GIFTO	Wallet,	 any	 user	 can	 easily	
manage,	transfer	or	purchase	GIFTO	Tokens	via	Uplive	or	any	other	content	platforms.	



	

	

33	

	

In	the	GIFTO	Wallet	API/SDK,	all	communications	are	securely	encrypted	via	256-bit	encryption,	
and	 the	 user	 of	 the	 GIFTO	Wallet	 in	 the	 application	 is	 the	 only	 one	 who	 can	 authorize	 the	
transaction.	 This	 is	 done	 without	 requiring	 us	 to	 store	 any	 user’s	 wallet	 credentials	 in	 our	
system.	Hence	the	user’s	wallet’s	private	key	will	be	only	be	accessible	by	the	user.			

We	 recognise	 that	 the	 complexity	of	 vague	 transaction	 fees,	 encryption	necessitating	private	
and	 private	 key	management	 and	 alphanumeric	 addresses	may	 create	 significant	 barriers	 to	
mass	adoption.	To	address	these	 issues,	GIFTO	Wallet	will	make	it	very	simple	for	all	users	to	
transact	 using	 a	 simple	 password	or	 biometrics	 like	 fingerprint.	 Transaction	 fees	will	 be	 kept	
minimal	and	fully	transparent.	

All	of	Uplive’s	20	million	users	will	have	access	 to	 the	 first	version	of	GIFTO	Wallet	by	end	of	
2017,	which	will	provide	the	initial	user	base	for	GIFTO	Protocol.	

4.8	Hybrid	Off-Chain/On-Chain	Architecture		
Although	 the	 Ethereum	 blockchain	 technology	 is	 powerful	 due	 to	 its	 support	 for	 readily-
deployable	smart	contracts,	one	of	its	often-cited	drawbacks	is	that	it	is	slow	and	expensive	to	
confirm	 a	 transaction.	 Recent	 proposals	 by	 many	 blockchain	 experts	 on	 how	 to	 make	
transactions	much	faster	did	not	clearly	demonstrate	how	this	issue	will	be	solved	in	the	near	
future.	 	 We	 are	 aware	 that	 the	 time	 taken	 to	 confirm	 a	 transaction	 on	 the	 blockchain	 is	
increasingly	 crucial	 as	 we	 move	 towards	 mass	 adoption,	 and	 are	 constantly	 surveying	
alternative	solutions.	

Plasma,	Lightning,	EOS,	Cardano,	and	Zilliqa	are	 some	of	 the	numerous	 transaction	platforms	
being	studied	as	alternatives.	We	are	in	the	process	of	thoroughly	evaluating	these	options	to	
see	if	any	of	them	will	be	suitable	for	GIFTO	Protocol.	We	will	conduct	real-world	trials	once	we	
have	attained	a	critical	mass	of	real	users	on	GIFTO	Protocol.			



	

	

34	

As	 part	 of	 our	 ongoing	 research	 and	 development	 efforts,	 we	 are	 also	 in	 the	 process	 of	
developing	 a	 hybrid	 architecture	 (off-chain/on-chain	 solution)	 to	 support	 fast	 transaction	
execution	 required	 by	 the	 large	 volumes	 expected	 from	 virtual	 gift	 transactions,	 while	
preserving	 a	 sufficient	 degree	 of	 decentralization.	 	 The	 first	 version	 of	 this	 architecture	 is	
expected	to	launch	in	Q1	2018	to	support	the	Beta	test	of	GIFTO	Protocol.	

4.9	Token	Economy	
A	healthy	token	economy	is	key	for	tokens	to	shift	in	the	price	curve,	in	a	way	that	directly	
proportional	to	the	number	of	users	who	are	using	the	token.		Healthy	token	economy	has	
following	characteristics:	

● Growing	demand:	more	and	more	users	want	to	use	the	token	to	create	value	
● Fixed	supply:	total	number	of	tokens	are	fixed	
● Balance	of	gradual	consumption	of	tokens	and	supplying	of	tokens	into	the	economy	

	

In	the	centralized	Uplive	experience,	we	are	running	a	$100M	a	year	virtual	economy,	based	on	
our	in-app	token,	Diamond.			

The	Diamond	user	experience	is	visually	explained	on	the	next	few	pages.	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	



	

	

35	

Diamonds	are	the	in-app	currency	that	is	
used	to	purchase	virtual	gifts	for	broadcasters	

	

	

They	are	purchased	by	fiat	via	traditional	
payment	channels	such	as	Google	Pay	and	
Apple	Pay	

	

Notice	that	there	is	587	Diamonds	in	my	wallet	above.		This	is	a	natural	phenomenon	which	
occurs	in	all	virtual	economies,	especially	in	games.		Users	use	fiat	to	purchase	an	in-game/in-
app	currency,	and	it	takes	a	period	of	time	for	the	users	to	spend	the	currency	to	buy	game	
items,	in	this	case,	virtual	gifts.		

In	Uplive,	on	average	it	takes	up	to	5	days	for	users	to	fully	spend	the	Diamonds	that	they	
purchased.		And	because	they	are	buying	virtual	gifts	in	real	time	for	the	broadcasters,	they	
almost	always	buy	more	Diamonds	as	soon	as	the	previous	balance	dips	below	what	is	required	
to	buy	a	particular	gift.			

	

	



	

	

36	

	

1.	User	buys	a	gift	for	broadcaster	

	

	

2.	Gift	animation	plays,	broadcaster	is	happy;	
the	user	is	motivated	to	buy	another	gift	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	



	

	

37	

3.	The	next	gift	costs	more	than	the	balance	
of	Diamonds	of	the	user	

	

4.	The	user	is	prompted	to	purchase	more	
Diamonds	

	

Note	67	Diamonds	are	still	left	in	the	balance	before	user	buys.		On	average,	in	Uplive,	per	day	
per	paying	user,	there	are	50	Diamonds	left	in	balance.	

Therefore,	we	believe	that	a	similar	pattern	will	emerge	in	the	GIFTO	Protocol,	whereby	there	
will	always	be	GIFTO	tokens	left	over	in	a	user’s	wallet	after	buying	virtual	gifts.	This	means	that	
the	number	of	GIFTO	tokens	held	and	not	sold	will	increase	proportionally	to	the	number	of	
users	who	use	GIFTOs	to	buy	virtual	gifts.		This	creates	a	natural	restriction	to	token	supply,	
which	will	create	natural	shifts	in	the	token	price	curve	over	time.		No	additional	artificial	
mechanism	is	needed.	



	

	

38	

5.	Roadmap	and	Adoption	
	
Unlike	most	projects	that	have	only	a	great	idea,	GIFTO	comes	with	Uplive’s	large	userbase	and	
broadcasters.		After	all,	the	whole	idea	of	universal	gifting	was	in	response	to	strong	demand	by	
current	Uplive	content	creators.	Our	experience	with	building	products	for	more	than	100	
million	users	across	multiple	countries,	languages,	and	cultures	have	trained	us	to	be	very	
mindful	of	how	to	drive	adoption	of	new	technologies.	We	will	bring	these	learnings	to	GIFTO’s	
adoption.	

We	will	address	3	aspects	of	adoption	in	this	section	

• Quantifying	the	total	reach	of	Uplive’s	userbase	for	GIFTO	
• Plan	for	migrating	Uplive	itself	from	Diamonds	to	GIFTOs	
• Phased	execution	and	timeline	

5.1	Uplive	Brings	70	Million	Global	User	Reach	To	GIFTO	
Collectively,	Uplive	already	reaches	70	million	users	that	will	be	incentivized	to	jump	start	the	
global	virtual	gifting	ecosystem.	

• Uplive’s	60,000	broadcasters	have	millions	of	fans	OUTSIDE	of	Uplive	on	YouTube,	
Instagram,	and	Facebook	

• about	10,000	broadcasters	have	average	of	10,000	fans	across	these	platforms,	with	a	
combined	100	million,	assuming	a	large	50%	overlap	in	users,	conservatively	the	reach	is	
50	million	users	outside	Uplive.	

• Uplive’s	20mln	users	are	also	users	on	these	global	platforms,	following	other	content	
creators	



	

	

39	

	

As	an	example	of	Uplive	broadcaster’s	influence	outside	Facebook,	Olivia	below	has	145,985	
fans	on	Facebook.		Since	being	on	Uplive	for	about	10	months,	broadcasting	40	hours	average	a	
month,	she	has	received	14.7mln	coins	on	Uplive,	which	is	equivalent	to	$221K	USD,	translating	
to	$550	USD	/hour.	

	



	

	

40	

In	essence,	Uplive	already	represents	a	large	slice	of	the	global	content	creation	and	virtual	
gifting	market.			

5.2	Migrating	Uplive	From	Diamonds	To	GIFTOs	
In	addition,	Uplive	is	already	running	a	$100Mln	USD	internal	token	economy,	based	on	Uplive’s	
own	in-app	token	called	Diamonds.		Currently,	virtual	gifts	are	purchased	with	Diamonds.			

Diamond	usage	in	Uplive	will	gradually	be	migrated	to	using	GIFTO,	as	adoption	of	GIFTO	
increases.		As	there	are	additional	benefits	GIFTO	tokens	have	over	Diamonds,	users	will	have	a	
strong	incentive	to	move	from	Diamonds	to	GIFTOs.		Our	goal	is	to	eventually	replace	most	of	
Diamonds	with	GIFTOs,	allowing	Uplive	users	to	also	enjoy	the	advantages	of	crypto	tokens	
over	traditional	fiat:	

• Uniform	form	of	payment	for	users	across	countries,	regions,	and	currencies	
• Minimize	transaction	fees	of	up	to	30%	on	some	global	payment	channels	
• Protection	from	frequent	payment	frauds,	especially	credit	card	and	payment	fraud.		For	

example:	scammers	frequently	use	stolen	credit	card	info	to	purchase	Diamonds,	which	
are	only	discoverable	post	transaction.	

• Protection	from	arbitrage	losses	due	to	exchange	rates	fluctuations	across	different	
currencies	

The	above	are	real	problems	faced	by	Uplive	all	the	time.		As	an	example,	some	users	often	
steal	other	people’s	credit	card	data	and	use	to	buy	Diamonds,	and	Uplive	only	finds	out	after	
someone	makes	a	claim.		Furthermore,	in	2017	Feb,	the	Egyptian	pound	suddenly	dropped	
more	than	10%	against	the	dollar	in	1	day,	but	the	corresponding	rate	was	not	updated	in	a	
major	global	mobile	payment	platform.	Uplive	team	discovered	that	a	user	was	tunneling	to	
Egypt	via	VPN	and	buying	up	a	very	large	amount	of	Diamonds	which	he	then	resold.		Crypto	
tokens	can	be	utilized	to	solve	this	problem.	

Therefore,	as	more	and	more	users	adopt	GIFTO,	more	transactions	within	Uplive	can	be	
migrated	to	GIFTO	and	off	fiat	based	Diamonds.		To	facilitate	this,	we	developed	the	GIFTO	
Wallet	as	a	part	of	the	core	GIFTO	Protocol	implementation.	

The	GIFTO	Wallet	is	already	in	development	and	will	be	rolled	out	to	the	Uplive	userbase	by	end	
of	2017.		After	Wallet	gets	rolled	out	to	all	users,	across	Android,	iOS	and	Web,	we	will	begin	air	
dropping	initial	set	of	GIFTO	tokens	to	seed	Uplive	users.		By	end	of	2017,	there	will	be	20mln	
users	holding	GIFTO	tokens,	making	it	the	largest	user	base	EVER	to	hold	a	new	crypto	token.	



	

	

41	

	

As	current	blockchain	technology	cannot	handle	the	fast	response	time	required	of	a	large	
commercial	system	like	Uplive,	and	that	a	new	blockchain	Smart	Contract	Gift	system	will	need	
to	be	built,	we	will	be	onboarding	users	gradually.			

By	end	of	2018,	Uplive	will	generate	conservatively	30mln	USD	a	month,	and	should	have	more	
than	100mln	virtual	gifts	sent	every	month.	We	estimate	that	by	then,	we	will	be	able	to	
migrate	about	30%	of	Uplive’s	transactions	to	GIFTO	Protocol.		70%	of	Uplive’s	transactions	
should	be	expected	by	end	of	2019.			

5.3	Phased	Adoption	
GIFTO	Protocol	ecosystem	will	be	rolled	out	in	several	phases	as	follows:	

Phase	 Work	 Timing	

Preparation:	Seeding	
GIFTO	with	Uplive	users	

Once	GIFTO	Wallet	is	available	in	Uplive	app,	we	will	
allocate	GIFTO	Tokens	gradually	to	paying	users	in	
Uplive,	to	seed	the	user	base	for	GIFTO,	as	these	

Dec	2017	



	

	

42	

users	are	already	paying	for	virtual	gifts	on	a	regular	
basis.	

Phase	1:	Alpha	version:	
centralized	GIFTO	Protocol	
working	in	external	
content	platforms	

The	Alpha	version	of	GIFTO	Protocol	will	be	available	
to	Uplive	content	creators	to	use	outside	of	Uplive:	
YouTube,	Instagram,	Facebook,	etc.		This	is	still	
hosted	on	Uplive	systems	and	domain.	The	goal	is	to	
quickly	iterate	the	user	experience	to	enable	any	
content	creator	to	easily	use	GIFTO	to	start	
monetizing	their	content.	

Jan	2018	

Phase	2:	Beta	version:	
Decentralized	GIFTO	
Protocol	on	blockchain	
working	in	external	
environment	

Beta	version	of	decentralized	GIFTO	Protocol,	
deployed	on	blockchain	that	is	available	for	external	
users	outside	Uplive	to	use.		This	will	be	a	hybrid	
on/off	chain	server	solution	to	support	fast	
transactions.		Front	end	user	experience	iterated	
basd	on	Alpha	version	

Start	to	work	with	new	global	content	creators	that	
are	not	on	Uplive	to	iterate	product	experience	
further.		First	set	of	Smart	Virtual	Gifts	deployed	
based	on	blockchain.	

Q1	2018	

Phase	3:	Commercial	
version	1	of	GIFTO	
Protocol	launch	

Full	ecosystem	enabled,	with	commercial-grade	fast	
transaction	blockchain	server.	

Fully	push	to	global	content	creators	worldwide	

Q3	2018	

6.	GIFTO	Limited	
	

The	 long-term	 goal	 of	 GIFTO	 Limited	 is	 to	 establish	 GIFTO	 Tokens	 as	 the	 pre-eminent	
cryptocurrency	 for	 a	 decentralized	 network	 of	 global	 content	 creators.	 All	 existing	 GIFTO-
related	technology	will	be	 integrated	to	GIFTO	Limited,	and	 it	will	be	the	holding	entity	of	all	
undistributed	GIFTO	Tokens.	The	ongoing	role	of	GIFTO	Limited	will	be	to	further	develop	the	
technologies	underpinning	 the	GIFTO	Tokens,	 as	well	 as	 to	perform	continuous	 research	and	



	

	

43	

development	to	improve	all	other	aspects	of	the	GIFTO	ecosystem.	It	will	further	seek	to	forge	
strategic	 partnerships	 with	 prominent	 or	 up-and-coming	 entities,	 apps	 and	 platforms	 to	
promote,	distribute,	 incentivise,	and	integrate	GIFTO	Tokens	and	GIFTO	Protocol	to	the	entire	
content	 creation	 industry	 at	 large.	 GIFTO	 Limited	 will	 also	 continuously	 implement	 further	
policies	 and	 measures	 to	 ensure	 the	 smooth,	 uninterrupted	 functioning	 of	 any	 related	
technologies	to	achieve	its	goal	of	an	open,	reliable	and	decentralized	ecosystem.	

7.	Team	
	

Asia	 Innovations	Group	 (“AIG”)	 is	 a	 leading	mobile	 interactive	 entertainment	 group	 based	 in	
Asia,	with	a	portfolio	of	products	and	services	that	now	serve	over	100	million	users	around	the	
world.	It	is	already	on	track	to	generate	more	than	USD	130	million	of	revenue	in	2017.		In	total,	
we	 employ	 more	 than	 300	 staff	 across	 8	 offices	 in	 MENA	 and	 Asia	 Pacific.	 Our	 core	
competencies	 include	 deep	 domain	 expertise	 in	 building	 innovative	 consumer	 products,	 and	
driving	significant	revenue	directly	from	our	users.	

More	information	on	AIG	can	be	found	at:	www.asiainnovations.com.	

	

AIG	 is	 funded	 by	 leading	 international	 institutional	 investors	 such	 as	 KPCB,	 Index	 Ventures,	
Wicklow	Capital,	Ventech,	White	Star	Capital,	and	MSA	Alternative.	 	Many	 leading	angels	are	



	

	

44	

also	AIG	investors,	including	the	founder	of	Palantir,	the	founder	of	Qunar.com,	the	co-founder	
of	Zynga,	the	VP	of	Oculus	at	Facebook,	and	many	other	prominent	Internet	industry	veterans.	

We	will	contribute	our	considerable	resources	and	experiences	to	the	development,	promotion,	
and	operation	of	GIFTO	Tokens	and	GIFTO	Protocol	-	The	Universal	Gifting	Protocol.		Our	deep	
consumer	 product	 operation	 experience	 will	 be	 vital	 instruments	 to	 ensure	 the	 successful	
adoption	of	GIFTO	Protocol,	and	thereby	empowering	millions	of	content	creators	worldwide	

The	GIFTO	team	is	led	by	the	following	individuals:	

	

Andy	Tian	

Group	CEO,	Asia	Innovations	Group	

Andy	 is	 currently	 the	 Group	 CEO	 of	 Asia	 Innovations	 Group.	 	 Before	 co-founding	 Asia	
Innovations,	 Andy	was	 the	General	Manager	 of	 Zynga	 China,	where	 he	 spearheaded	 Zynga’s	
expansion	 in	China	and	personally	oversaw	the	 inception	and	creation	of	many	global	 top	10	
games.		He	also	previously	co-founded	one	of	the	world’s	earliest	social	app	companies	in	2008,	
which	was	sold	to	Zynga	in	2010	to	become	Zynga	China.		Before	that,	he	was	an	early	member	
in	Google	China	and	built	its	mobile	business	from	the	ground	up,	including	introducing	Android	
to	China	in	2006.		Andy	began	his	career	in	Silicon	Valley	in	a	startup.		AIG	is	the	4th	startup	he	
co-founded.	 	 Andy	 graduated	 from	 MIT	 with	 bachelor’s	 and	 master‘s	 degrees	 in	 Computer	
Science.		Andy	was	born	in	China	and	immigrated	to	New	York,	USA	at	age	of	10.	His	full	profile	
can	be	found	at:	https://www.linkedin.com/in/andytian/	

	



	

	

45	

	

Charles	Thach	

Chief	Crypto	Officer,	Asia	Innovations	Group	

Charles	 is	 the	Chief	 Crypto	Officer,	 responsible	 for	 driving	operations	 and	 implementation	of	
GIFTO.		He	previously	worked	at	top	tier	investment	banks	in	various	roles	in	Washington	DC,	
Boston,	Paris,	New	York	and	Hong	Kong.		He	co-authored	AML/KYC	policy	and	procedures	for	a	
global	bank	and	subsequently	initiated	and	participated	in	selection	of	blockchain	technologies	
to	implement	such	procedures.		Throughout	his	banking	career,	Charles	has	developed	in-depth	
knowledge	 of	 the	 global	 banking	 systems,	 negotiated	 and	 concluded	 derivatives	 trading	
relationships	with	over	500	counterparts,	 ranging	 from	regional	banks	 to	global	hedge	 funds.		
He	cultivated	relationships	with	financial	 institutional	clients	that	over	the	course	of	a	decade	
generated	hundreds	of	billions	USD	in	transaction	notional,	with	products	ranging	from	simple	
payment	mechanisms	to	sophisticated	financial	derivatives	such	as	correlation/variance	swaps	
and	 swaptions.	 	 Charles	 believes	 that	 blockchain	 technology’s	 main	 feature	 is	 to	 enable	
transactions	 that	 eliminate	 or	 minimize	 transaction	 costs	 and	 government	 taxes,	 which	 will	
then	 enable	 efficient	 capital	 market	 frontier	 and	 minimize	 wars,	 economic	 disparities	 and	
physical	 borders.	 	 Charles	 holds	 an	 MBA	 degree	 from	 HEC	 Paris	 and	 earned	 his	 Bachelors	
degree	from	Georgetown	University.	 	He’s	also	a	Certified	Alternative	 Investment	Analyst.	His	
full	profile	can	be	found	at:	https://www.linkedin.com/in/charles-thach-466468/	

	

William	H.	Nguyen,	Ph.D.	

Chief	Crypto	Architect,	Asia	Innovations	Group	



	

	

46	

William	 is	 the	 inventor	 of	 the	 advanced	 collaborative	 telecommunication	 technology	
empowering	EdooPAD	and	 its	auxiliary	applications,	which	were	 featured	on	many	renowned	
technology	 review	 blogs	 such	 as	 Engadget	 and	 Android	 Authority.	 	 William	 is	 a	 serial	
entrepreneur	 with	 many	 successful	 ventures.	 He	 is	 the	 author	 of	 the	 U.S.	 Patent	 Pending	
Technology	allowing	one	to	build	a	massively	scalable	and	transactional	cryptocurrency	wallet	
that	can	handle	billions	of	users.	In	addition,	he	is	undertaking	the	research	and	development	
of	the	super	fast	transactional	blockchain	technology	for	fast	transactions.		His	mission	for	the	
latest	work	is	to	bring	blockchain	to	the	mass	so	that	everyone	can	experience	the	benefits	of	
this	nascent	decentralized	technology	in	their	daily	lives.	William	is		the	former	Alfred	P.	Sloan	
Postdoctoral	Fellow	at	Harvard	Medical	School.		His	primary	research	was	on	data/text	mining,	
molecular	modeling,	theoretical	development,	and	massive	parallel	computing	applied	to	solve	
many	 scientific	questions	 spanning	 from	physics,	 chemistry,	and	biology	 to	medicine.	 	Before	
Harvard,	 he	was	 the	 Institutional	 Doctoral	 Fellow	 in	 Computational	 Science	 at	 the	 Lawrence	
Livermore	 National	 Laboratory.	 	 He	 was	 a	 featured/invited	 speaker	 at	 various	 scientific	
conferences	and	universities.		Over	the	past	10	years,	William	has	built	many	social	networking,	
on-demand	 video	 streaming,	 and	 telecommunication	 applications	 serving	 tens	 of	 millions	 of	
users	worldwide	in	the	areas	of	business	communication,	media,	education,	and	entertainment.	
William	graduated	summa	cum	laude	(Highest	Honors)	 from	the	University	of	California-Davis	
campus.	His	full	profile	can	be	found	at:	https://www.linkedin.com/in/dathnguyen/	

	

Daniel	Yeh	

CEO	of	Taiwan,	Asia	Innovations	Group	

Daniel	 is	 a	 long	 time	 veteran	 in	 Taiwan's	 mobile	 internet	 space.	 His	 experience	 spans	 from	
being	the	founder	of	Pillar-Ezmobo.com,	co-founder	of	Mimisoft.com,	GM	of	Mtel	Taiwan,	and	
most	 recently	 founder	 of	 the	 well-known	 live	 broadcasting	 service	 MimiCam	 in	 Taiwan.	
MimiCam	won	many	awards	 and	 topped	 the	 charts	 in	both	 iOS	Apps	 Store	 and	Google	Play.		
Daniel	 also	 created	 the	 Taiwan	 Mobile	 Application	 Consortium	 and	 was	 its	 first	 appointed	
chairman.	He	is	also	the	member	of	the	first	class	in	the	AAMA	(Asia	America	Multi-Technology	



	

	

47	

Association),	 one	 of	 the	 earliest	 Internet	 organizations	 spanning	 across	 China	 and	 Taiwan.	
Daniel	has	an	MBA	in	Global	Business	Development	from	National	Chengchi	University.	

	

	

Minh	Thach	

General	Manager	of	Vietnam,	Asia	Innovations	Group	

Minh	is	the	General	Manager	of	AIG	Vietnam,	a	subsidiary	of	AIG,	and	the	#1	live	streaming	and	
online	entertainment	company	in	Vietnam.		He	is	also	the	chairman	of	Big	Cat	Entertainment	-	
the	largest	online	video	network	in	Southeast	Asia,	with	over	3	million	subscribers	and	over	a	
billion	aggregated	views.			Minh	started	his	career	at	Yahoo	in	the	Sunnyvale,	and	subsequently	
moved	 to	 Singapore.	 	 He	 has	 spent	 the	 last	 10	 years	 in	 leading	 roles	 at	 various	 Internet	
companies	in	Asia.		Before	AIG,	Minh	was	leading	the	mobile	team	for	Lazada.		He	also	spent	4	
years	 in	 Singapore	 in	 a	 managerial	 capacity	 at	 Yahoo!	 SEA	 and	 Linkedin.	 	 Minh	 has	 been	
studying	blockchain	technology	and	co-investing	in	blockchain	companies	over	the	past	3	years	
alongside	 his	 brother,	 Charles	 Thach.	 Minh	 graduated	 from	 California	 Polytechnic	 State	
University	with	a	Bachelor’s	degree	in	Electrical	Engineering.	

	 	



	

	

48	

8.	Advisors	

	

Danny	Yang	

CEO	of	Blockseer	

Danny	Yang	has	spent	the	last	5	years	working	on	blockchain,	one	of	the	earliest	pioneers	in	this	
space.	 	He	has	founded	several	companies	 innovating	on	blockchain	and	artificial	 intelligence.	
He	is	currently	the	CEO	of	Blockseer,	a	unique	blockchain	analytics	company	that	specializes	in	
data	 analysis	 and	 anti-money	 laundering	 (AML)	 for	 digital	 currencies.	 Previously,	 Danny	
founded	Maicoin	in	2013,	one	of	the	earliest	full	service	crypto	exchanges	in	the	world.		Prior	to	
blockchain,	Danny	was	 an	AI	 veteran,	 	who	 founded	data	 science	 companies,	 ScoreData	 and	
Seravia.		He	started	his	entrepreneurial	journey	as	part	of	Like.com,	the	original	mass	consumer	
computer	vision	company	that	deployed	e-commerce	solutions	back	in	2006,	later	acquired	by	
Google.	Danny	has	a	BA	in	Chemistry	and	Physics	from	Harvard,	and	a	PhD	in	Computer	Science	
from	Stanford.	

	

Loi	Luu	

CEO	and	Co-founder	of	Kyber	Network	

Loi	 Luu	 is	 the	 CEO	 and	 Co-founder	 of	 Kyber	 Network.	 	 He	 is	 also	 a	 researcher	 working	 on	
cryptocurrencies,	 smart	 contract	 security	 and	 distributed	 consensus	 algorithms.	 Loi	 is	 a	
regularly	invited	speaker	at	Bitcoin	and	Ethereum	workshops	such	as	DevCon2,	and	EDCON.	Loi	



	

	

49	

believes	 in	 the	 force	of	 the	Ethereum	and	Blockchain	 technology.	Much	of	his	work	 revolves	
around	 this	 community.	 He	 developed	 Oyente,	 the	 first	 open-source	 security	 analyzer	 for	
Ethereum	smart	contracts.	Loi	also	cofounded	SmartPool,	another	open	source	project	which	
embraces	 decentralization	 of	 mining	 pools	 in	 existing	 cryptocurrency.	 He	 continues	 to	
champion	 decentralisation	 and	 trustless	 properties	 of	 the	 Blockchain	 with	 KyberNetwork,	
taking	inspiration	and	developing	value	for	the	community.	

	

Bo	Shen	

Co-Founder	and	General	Partner	of	Fenbushi	Capital	

Bo	 is	 co-founder	 and	 general	 partner	 of	 Fenbushi	 Capital,	 the	 first	 venture	 capital	 firm	 that	
exclusively	invests	in	Blockchain-enabled	companies.	

	

Tom	Duterme	

Board	Member,	Fortune	500	Companies;	Ex-Director	of	Corporate	Development,	Google	

Tom	 serves	 as	 an	 advisor	 to	 GIFTO	 contributing	 his	 invaluable	 insights	 into	 Youtube	
monetisation	and	global	content	economy.		He	currently	serves	in	advisory	and	board	roles	to	
selected	organizations	including	silicon	valley	startups,	Fortune	500	companies,	and	Hollywood	
independent	film	projects.		Previously,	he	worked	as	a	senior	corporate	development	executive	
for	 Google.	 	 Most	 recently,	 he	 headed	 corporate	 development	 activities	 for	 YouTube,	 with	
emphasis	on	strategic	growth	including	monetising	YouTube’s	vast	audience.	He	has	also	held	
business	 development	 and	 advisory	 roles	 for	 other	 business	 units	 within	 Google.	 	 Prior	 to	



	

	

50	

Google,	Tom	spent	7	years	in	China	and	helped	to	found	two	Internet	companies,	as	CTO	and	
head	of	 sales	 for	both	ventures.	 	 Tom	graduated	with	BA	 in	physics	 from	Macalester	College	
and	MBA	from	MIT	Sloan	of	Management.	He	speaks	Mandarin	and	French	and	is	working	on	
his	Japanese.	

	

Chris	Miess	

ICONIC	Partners;	Ex-CFO,	TenX	

Chris	was	the	former	CFO	of	TenX,	and	planned	and	executed	their	USD	80	million	ICO.	This	ICO	
was	the	 largest	 in	Asia	and	has	set	the	standard	for	many	ICOs	to	come.	Before	his	tenure	at	
TenX,	 Chris	 worked	 for	many	 years	 in	 investment	 banking	 at	 Goldman	 Sachs	 in	 London.	 He	
advised	FinTech	companies	on	capital	markets	and	M&A	transactions.	Amongst	his	clients	were	
FinTech	companies,	banks,	credit	card	companies	and	other	financial	institutions.	

	

	

Dr.	Jin	Ho	Hur	

Co-Founder	and	General	Partner,	SEMA	Translink	



	

	

51	

Dr.	Hur	is	a	Co-Founder	and	General	Partner	of	SEMA	Translink,	a	VC	firm	with	focus	on	TMT,	
including	 Blockchain.	 Translink	 is	 a	 VC	 network	 with	 funds	managed	 based	 in	 Palo	 Alto	 and	
Korea,	 and	 presence	 in	 key	 Asian	 markets.	 Prior	 to	 SEMA	 Translink,	 Jin	 Ho	 was	 a	 serial	
entrepreneur	 in	 Asia	 market	 with	 20+	 years	 of	 startup	 experience	 in	 Internet,	 mobile	 and	
gaming	since	1994.	

	

Hitters	Xu	

Founder	of	NEO;	Ex-Search	&	Anti-Fraud	Team,	Google	

Nebulas	 &	 Antshares	 (NEO)	 founder,	 former	 founding	 leader	 of	 Ant	 Financial's	 Blockchain	
Platform,	 ex-Googler	 in	 Search	 &	 Anti-Fraud	 team,	 and	 graduated	 from	 Tongji	 University	 in	
Computer	 Science	 and	 Technology.	 First	 blockchain	 pioneer	 in	 China.	 Since	 2013,	 he	 has	
founded	 ICO365,	 BitsClub	 (the	 first	 Blockchain/	 Bitcoin	 innovation	 community	 in	 China),	
Antshares	(the	first	Blockchain	in	China),	FBG	(the	first	fund	dedicated	to	Blockchain	in	China),	
Gempay	 (the	 first	 Bitcoin/Blockchain	 cross-border	 payment	 platform	 in	 China).	 In	 2014,	 he	
founded	 the	 first	 international	 blockchain	 summit	 in	 China	 with	 series	 of	 influential	
international	blockchain	summits.	

	 	



	

	

52	

9.	Asia	Innovations	Group’s	Investors	
 

Institutional Investors 

 
	

	

	

Angel Investors 
● Fritz	Demopoulos	-	Founder	of	Queen's’	Road	Capital	and	Co-Founder	of	Qunar	
● Joe	Lonsdale	-	Founder	of		Palantir,	8VC	
● Justin	Waldron	-	Co-Founder	of	Zynga,	active	angel	investor	in	tech	and	blockchain	
● Hugo	Barra,	VP	of	VR,	Facebook	
● Shakil	Khan,	investor	and	early	staff	in	Spotify	
● James	Mi,	MD,	Lightspeed	Venture	China	
● And	other	senior	staff	from	Facebook	and	Google	

	 	



	

	

53	

10.	Risks	&	Disclaimers		
	

By	accessing	the	information	set	forth	in	this	document	or	any	part	hereof,	you	represent	and	
warrant	to	Asia	Innovations	Group	and/or	GIFTO	Limited	that	you	accept	the	following:	

a.	No	Offer	

This	document	does	not	constitute	or	form	part	of	an	offer	to	sell	or	the	solicitation	of	an	offer	
to	subscribe	for,	underwrite	or	purchase	any	form	of	investment	or	securities,	nor	shall	it	or	any	
part	of	 it	 form	the	basis	of,	or	be	relied	upon,	 in	any	way	 in	connection	with	any	contract	or	
investment	decision	relating	to	the	same.	

b.	No	Agreement	

This	 document	 shall	 not	 be	 relied	 on	 to	 enter	 into	 any	 contract	 or	 to	 form	 basis	 of	 any	
investment	decision.	Any	agreement(s)	between	GIFTO	Limited	and	you	are	to	be	governed	by	
a	 separate	 document	 (“Sale	 Document”).	 In	 the	 event	 of	 any	 inconsistency	 between	 this	
document	and	the	Sale	Document,	the	respective	Sale	Document	shall	prevail.	

c.	Information	

The	information,	statements,	estimates,	projections	and	opinions	in	this	document	in	respect	of	
the	anticipated	roadmaps,	development	and	projected	terms	and	performance	of	the	relevant	
entities,	 are	 selective	 and	 subject	 to	 updating,	 expansion,	 revision,	 independent	 verification	
and	 amendment.	 As	 such,	 Asia	 Innovations	 Group	 and	 GIFTO	 Limited	 are	 not	 making	 any	
representation	 or	warranty	 or	 undertaking,	 including	 those	 in	 relation	 to	 the	 truth,	 accuracy	
and	completeness	of	any	of	the	information	set	out	in	this	paper.	Whilst	we	intend	to	fulfil	all	
the	goals	set	out	in	this	document,	in	case	of	unforeseen	circumstances,	the	goals	may	change	
or	may	not	be	achieved	without	any	notice	to	you.	

d.	No	Advice	

None	of	the	contents	of	this	document	constitutes	legal,	financial,	tax	or	other	advice	and	we	
encourage	you	to	consult	with	the	relevant	professional	advisors	independently.	

e.	Regulations	

The	regulatory	status	of	cryptographic	tokens,	including	the	any	digital	currency,	digital	assets	
and	 blockchain	 technology	 is	 unclear	 or	 unsettled	 in	many	 jurisdictions.	 The	 publication	 and	
dissemination	of	this	document	do	not	imply	that	any	relevant	laws,	regulations	and	rules	have	
been	complied	with.	No	regulatory	authority	has	examined	or	approved	this	document.	Where	



	

	

54	

any	relevant	governmental	authority	makes	changes	to	existing	laws,	regulations	and/or	rules,	
or	 where	 financial	 institutions	 make	 certain	 commercial	 decisions,	 it	 may	 have	 a	 material	
adverse	effect	and/or	 impair	 the	ability	of	any	relevant	entity	referred	to	 in	the	document	to	
function	as	intended,	or	at	all.	

f.	Advertisement	and	Distribution	

This	 paper	 is	 for	 general	 information	 purpose	 only	 and	 is	 not	 an	 advertisement,	 nor	 is	 it	
intended	 to	 be	 used	 to	 call	 for	 an	 offer	 on	 behalf	 of	 Asia	 Innovations	 Group	 and/or	 GIFTO	
Limited.	Distribution	of	this	Presentation	may	be	restricted	or	prohibited	by	 law	or	regulatory	
authority	in	your	jurisdiction.	Recipients	should	inform	themselves	of	and	comply	with	all	such	
restrictions	or	prohibitions	and	both	Asia	Innovations	Group	and	GIFTO	Limited	do	not	accept	
any	liability	to	any	person	in	relation	thereto.	

g.	Other	Disclaimers	

The	disclaimers	set	out	above	are	not	exhaustive	and	a	more	comprehensive	list	will	be	set	out	
in	other	documents	such	as	the	full	project	Whitepaper.	


