















































TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. Introduction           3
     1.1 Terms            4

2. Industry Issues and Solutions       6
     2.1 Issue of Fraudulent Schemes         6
     2.2 Personal Identification Issues        8
     2.3 Ensuring Results                    8
     2.4 The Issue of Security and Stability                  9
     2.5 Cost Issues                     9
     2.6 The Issue of Conflicts                  10
     2.7 Functionality and Ease of Use                10

3. Internet Advertising Global Market Review             12
     3.1 Internet Advertising Market Volume                12
     3.2 Performance Marketing                 13
     3.3 Affiliate Marketing                  14

4. Description of the HOQU Platform             15
     4.1 Functioning of the Platform                 15
     4.2 Registration on the Platform                 16
     4.3 Platform Units                  18

5. Technical Features of the Platform             20
     5.1 Creation of an affiliate program                22
     5.2 Decentralized web application for Affiliate Network Administrators           24
     5.3 Registration of a lead on the HOQU platform              27

6. Placement Parameters                29
7. Token Function and Funds Allocation             32
8. Marketing Strategy                33
9. Development Strategy and Roadmap             35
10. Team & Advisors                41
11. Risks                   51
12. References                  54



3

Everyone is familiar with services such as Uber and Booking.com, but few people are 
aware that, in fact, they are affiliate programs. An affiliate program is a marketing 
model, where an affiliate intermediary is involved in a promotional campaign, and an 
advertiser pays for end results.

Any advertiser can create their own affiliate program. They can do so independently 
or by using existing affiliate program constructs. In the latter case, the advertiser 
is subject to the affiliate's costs, as well as the need to combat potential fraudulent 
actions on the part of affiliates. Moreover, the affiliates lack trust in the advertiser, as 
no one can be sure that results are not being concealed or tampered with.

Such shortcomings are absent when an advertiser relies on the services of an 
affiliate network. However, costs rise as up to 50% of results could be commissions 
paid for the affiliate network.

But, what if a solution could combine the benefits of both approaches? Introducing 
the world's first decentralized marketing platform - HOQU.

HOQU is a decentralized affiliate platform combining the performance-marketing 
model with blockchain technology. The aim of the project is to create a decentralized 
ecosystem, which will be used to build CPA services, ranging from affiliate programs 
to affiliate networks and related products. HOQU integrates advertisers, networks 
and affiliates into a single platform, significantly reducing the financial costs for all 
market participants.
 
The project’s mission is to make the distribution of rewards in the internet affiliate 
market more equitable, and to set new standards of transparency and efficiency to 
benefit all conscientious market participants.
 
Our goal is to provide advertisers, affiliates, and affiliate networks with a new 
service so that internet marketing becomes easy for its participants, thus creating a 
decentralized ecosystem where market participants can openly interact.

1.
Introduction



4

On the HOQU platform, an advertiser can easily create affiliate offers, and the 
results of affiliate advertising campaigns will be stored in distributed registries 
(blockchain). Rewards will be paid through smart contracts that guarantee honesty 
and transparency of transactions. A smart anti-fraud system developed as part of the 
advertiser's decentralized application will not allow affiliates to engage in fraudulent 
activities, and independent, decentralized audit appeal centers will address any 
emerging, controversial issues.

The HOQU platform will also be useful for existing affiliate networks. The SDK 
will enable one to integrate networks with the platform, thereby lowering the cost 
of paying affiliate fees. As well, it shall and add transparency to your network by 
enabling all affiliates registered within the platform to work with affiliate programs 
of the network.

1.1 Terms

CPA — Cost per action or payment for an action. There are many ways to pay for an 
action, and the most popular ones are: 

СPL: Cost per lead — payment for an application/action.
CPS: Cost per sale is a payment for a confirmed sale. 
CPO: Cost per order — payment for an order.
CPC: Cost per call — payment for a call.
CPI: Cost per install — payment for the installation of an application. 

Performance marketing is a marketing industry, whose goal is to achieve concrete, 
measurable results. Its distinctive feature is the ability at all stages to see a specific, 
quantitative indicator that reflects the outcome of each individual marketing 
activity (e.g., site visitor cost, application cost, call cost, order cost, and end cost of 
attracting the customer who has carried out the target activity).

Affiliate Marketing is an internet marketing industry that works on the basis of 
a payment model for affiliates (web-masters) for each targeted action by their 
customers (order, purchase, install, etc.). Advertisers often do not work directly, but 
through affiliate networks (CPA Networks).



5

Affiliate Networks (CPA Networks) - services in the sector of affiliate marketing, 
offering affiliates remuneration on the basis of the CPA model and providing 
advertisers services necessary for the establishment of affiliate programs. Affiliate 
networks charge advertisers for customer actions, pay commissions to affiliates and 
charge commissions for the service.

An affiliate (web master, Publisher, advert) - a professional marketer (or a group 
of marketers within a single account in an affiliate network) who advertises the 
product or service for advertisers and receives a cash reward for the target action of 
the client.

Advertiser - in this context is one who incentivizes affiliates to engage customers 
by creating offers and paying the affiliates (often through affiliate networks) for 
targeted customer actions that match the conditions of the offer. Often, advertisers 
describe possible ways of attracting customers by providing materials, ready-made 
templates, scripts, and so on.

Tracking - tracking of many different campaign metrics in the affiliate marketing 
process. For example - time, source, or number of target activities.

Fraud - in terms of affiliate marketing, various ways of deceiving the affiliate 
network and advertisers, in order to obtain a monetary reward. Varieties of fraud  
may be: Emulation of target actions, spoofing the source of introduced clients 
(cookie-stuffing), deceiving customers by using misleading ads to increase the 
likelihood of target action (for example, by using a significantly lower price than the 
offer of the advertiser) and others.
 
'Shave' - a deception of the affiliate network or the advertiser by an affiliate, which 
downplays the performance of an advertising campaign in order to pay less.
 
Lead - the target action of a customer in response to an ad campaign: sales, order, 
call, register, application installation (install), etc.

Offer - an advertising proposal to attract targeted activities from advertisers or 
affiliate networks.



6

The stagnation of the traditional advertising industry and the development of 
digital methods of attracting customers make the question of the future of internet 
advertising more relevant. The International Advertising Bureau identified the main 
problem for internet advertising and performance marketing as the establishing of 
common client action accounting mechanisms between advertisers and affiliates. 
Thus, the main problem in this market is establishing trust between the parties.

2.1. Issue of Fraudulent Schemes

FRAUD:
On the part of affiliates in relation to advertisers:

In the area of e-commerce, affiliates could visit web the sites themselves and place  
orders.
They could use "gray" or dubious schemes to obtain customers' personal data and 
pass them off to the advertiser as their own clients.
When making payments, in-house personnel could make calls, impersonating 
customers.

On the part of affiliate networks:

showing advertisers an exaggerated number of leads;
discreetly debit advertisers' accounts.

SHAVE:
On the part of advertisers in relation to affiliates:
 
Informing an affiliate that an order has not been delivered and refusing to pay 
commission on a customer's purchase.
Ignoring a customer's calls, identifying the caller's ID and contacting them directly.
Modifying the affiliate network code on a proprietary website so that not all leads are 
recorded on the affiliate system.

2.
Industry issues and solutions



7

On the part of affiliate networks:

Paying incorrect sums for customer activities to an affiliate.
Displaying understated estimates for leads to affiliates.
Discreetly debiting affiliates' accounts.

The losses presented by such problems can make up a significant portion of the 
advertising budget, causing financial losses to advertisers and affiliates. According 
to a study carried out by Applift and Forensiq,- companies specializing in mobile 
network application development, up to 34% of advertisements on mobile devices 
are suspicious. Of the aforementioned 34%, 22% is identified as fraudulent.[1] 
According to estimates by the Videology marketing company, the use of bots by 
unconscientious publishers for feigning customer action caused damage in the 
amount of US $6.3 and $7.3 billion respectively for 2015 and 2016.[2] According to the 
Partnership marketing company and Adloox Audit, in 2017, losses from fraud could 
make up US $16.4 billion (more than 6.5% of the global Internet advertising market).
[3]

Artificially generated machine traffic is a big problem for the industry. The Incapsula 
content delivery network reported that 51.8% of website sessions were conducted by 
bots[4].

This is due to the imperfection of classic advertising models and their methods 
of payment. In order to reduce the share of poor traffic, the advertising industry 
should further develop the use of the performance-marketing model. The best 
manifestation of performance marketing is affiliate marketing. When working with 
this model, affiliates have an interest in increasing sales and customer health, and 
there is no sense in attracting irrelevant traffic.

With blockchain technology and smart contracts, the reputation control system and 
CPA system, HOQU completely eliminates opportunity for fraud.



8

2.2. Personal Identification Issues

Traditional advertising services do not completely solve the problem of remote 
identification of individuals; this contributes to the growth of shave and fraud.

In the HOQU system, user identification is carried out via the Civic[5], blockchain-
platform, which successfully addresses the problem of remote identification and can 
be integrated with other blockchain solutions.

2.3. Ensuring Results

When ordering adverts via advertisements from traditional advertising exchanges, 
advertisers have no guarantee that their investment will produce the desired result. 
New advertising networks using the programmatic model (Sociomantic and Criteo) 
have improved the algorithm for their work, but they do not give advertisers any 
guarantees of increasing sales because they are paid for advertisements rather than 
for customer activity.

Civic user identification scheme



9

Working using the performance marketing model, HOQU is fundamentally different 
from classic advertising exchanges, and is able to demonstrate a more efficient 
advertising campaign. 

2.4. The Issue of Security and Stability

Security in current affiliate networks is poor. If a centralized network is hacked, 
attackers can access all accounts in the system. Also, in the case of a technical 
failure on a centralized platform, all affiliate networks stop working until the cause is 
resolved.

Thanks to blockchain solutions, members of the HOQU platform are not connected 
to each other in this way and are not affected by hacking. HOQU’s decentralized 
software solution allows modules to be self-contained; in the event of a program 
malfunction in any of the modules, the platform continues to work.

2.5. Cost Issues

The traditional business model for a centralized affiliate platform has a high 
threshold for entering affiliate networks. Also, centralized platforms charge for their 
services. For example, on the Hasoffers affiliate platform, the minimum entry fee is 
$279 per month, on the Affise platform - $299, and on the Cake platform - $399 per 
month.

With registration on the HOQU affiliate network, each affiliate and advertiser gains 
free access. HOQU does not charge for platform use. Blockchain solutions reduce 
the cost of storing platform user data and reduce the commission for affiliates and 
advertisers.

One should pay particular attention to the low rate of payments for affiliate services. 
In centralized affiliate networks, payments on traditional platforms and networks 
take between a few days to 2-3 months to process. HOQU smart contract payments 
take up to 10 minutes.

http://www.hasoffers.com
http://www.affise.com
http://getcake.com/


10

2.6. The Issue of Conflicts

Customers on many CPA networks have to trust them without being able to audit the 
results of their work. This often leads to various conflict situations. 

HOQU, through its tracking mechanism and smart contracts, ensures that all the 
conditions of a customer's offer are transparent. This ensures transparency and 
honesty in relationships between advertisers, affiliates, and affiliate networks.

On the HOQU platform, if an affiliate network acts against an affiliate's interests, 
protection can be sought by filing a request to the appeal centers. In the case of 
inadequate service delivery, unconscientious advertisers and affiliates will be obliged 
to return funds. Violating the rules of the platform will lower the reputation of the 
unconscientious party. To further combat fraud, the platform provides filtering and 
detection of questionable sources of traffic.

2.7. Functionality and Ease of Use

Existing platforms provide only services to users. HOQU works with all possible 
types of customer action and, in addition to services, offers several other types of 
collaboration:

Ready open-source software.
An API for integration.
An SDK for the development of customers' own affiliate networks or other services.

On the HOQU platform, one can use both a web application and a mobile app for 
iOS and Android. Given the steady growth of mobile traffic in worldwide internet 
advertising, the development of its mobile application will allow HOQU to gain 
additional competitive advantages.

It is also worth noting that there is no convenient mechanism for dealing with large 
amounts of data from advertisers when working with multiple CPA networks. As 
a result, advertisers have a problem evaluating the effectiveness of advertising 
campaigns.



11

The HOQU platform stores data on blockchain, which allows advertisers to see all 
affiliate programs and analyze their results for each type of customer activity (leads, 
installs, calls, sales, etc.). Additionally, a member of the platform can generate a 
report in a user-friendly manner with the information they require.

Current centralized affiliate networks and platforms are largely opaque and 
incapable of solving the aforementioned problems. HOQU technologically surpasses 
the competition and, thanks to the design team's solutions, can address most 
current market problems.



12

3.1. Internet Advertising Market Volume

The world market for internet advertising grew by 15-22% annually from 2010 to 
2016[6]. The share of television advertising costs has traditionally been higher than 
that of internet advertising. In 2017, share of internet advertising has exceeded 
the share of TV advertising.[7] According to the Statista portal, the market for 
internet advertising in 2017 will be US $227.802 billion.[8]

The scope of internet advertising continues to grow. According to the Dentsu Aegis 
communication group, the share of internet advertising in 2018 will exceed 50% 
of the total advertising market in 8 countries: Australia, the United Kingdom, 
Denmark, China, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, and Sweden.[9] According to 
a forecast by Magna, by 2021[10] the global share of internet advertising will increase 
from 36% to 50%.

The following is a forecast for the restructuring of the advertising market from 2016 
to 2021 by Magna. 

3.
Internet Advertising World Market Review

https://www.statista.com


13

According to eMarketer, the market volume for internet advertising will amount to 
US $335.48 billion by the year 2020.[11]  The world's largest countries are presented 
on the graph[12]:

Online advertising market volume in 2017, by country, $bln.

3.2. Performance Marketing 

A relatively new phenomenon in the internet advertising market has been the 
growing popularity of performance marketing. In Russia, in the first half of 2016, 
the market for performance marketing amounted to 50.2 billion rubles, which is 
30% of the total advertising market during this period, second only to television.[13] 
Compared with the equivalent period of 2015, the performance marketing industry in 
Russia showed an increase of 29%.[14]

In the UK, the market for performance marketing in 2016 was £1.578 billion, which 
is 12% more than it was in 2015.[15] Thanks to the use of performance marketing, 
in the United Kingdom in 2016, goods and services were sold for a total amount of  
£19.4 billion. Each £1 invested in performance marketing resulted in sales returns of 
£12.3.[16]



14

The popularity of performance marketing is attributable to the increasing cost 
of attracting users. In these circumstances, advertisers prefer to pay only for 
targeted customer actions. The International Advertising Bureau has identified the 
main problem of performance marketing as the development of reliable common 
customer accountability mechanisms between advertisers and affiliates (tracking 
and analytics). The introduction of blockchain technologies to the industry can solve 
this problem, creating convenient and transparent mechanisms for the accountability 
of customer activities.[17]

3.3. Affiliate Marketing

According to estimates made by the AWIN marketing company, the total world 
market in this industry is US $13.2 billion.[18] In the opinion of expert Eugeni 
Prussakov, affiliate programs generate between 15% and 30% of all online sales for    
advertisers.[19]

One of the reasons for the growing popularity of affiliate marketing startups is the 
desire of investors to test the viability of projects at an early stage. According to 
the Business Insider advertising agency, about 15% of total revenue of the internet 
advertising industry is generated in the area of affiliate marketing.[20]

The volume of the affiliate marketing industry in the United States is US $5.4        
billion.[21] In the UK, this figure is about $2.1 billion.[22] According to the manager of 
the Neo@Ogilvy Singapore affiliate marketing service, William Hammer Jones, the 
biggest prospects for the development of CPA networks in the Pacific Rim countries 
are China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, and Australia. The reasons are 
economic growth in these countries in general, and e-commerce in particular.[23] 

According to estimates by the Japanese consulting company YANO, the volume of the 
market for affiliate marketing in Japan was 200 billion yen or about US $1.8 billion in 
2016 and continues to grow.[24]



15

4.1. Functioning of the Platform

The HOQU platform provides a wide range of opportunities not only to advertisers 
and affiliates but also to affiliate networks. Two operation modes are possible 
on the HOQU platform: Direct interaction between advertisers and affiliates, and 
collaboration between advertisers and affiliates through interaction with affiliate 
networks.
 

Diagram of interaction of members of the HOQU ecosystem

4.
Description of the HOQU Platform



16

The HOQU ecosystem involves several key players:

Merchant (advertiser);
Affiliate (partner);
Affiliate Network (partner network);
Customer (client).

The advertiser hosts offers on HOQU, aimed at a specific kind of data (leads) for 
which they are willing to pay up to a specified cost.
 
An affiliate wanting to promote an advertiser's offer independently deploys and 
maintains a marketing network by attracting customers. Through marketing 
resources (websites, call centers, outdoor ads, etc.), the affiliate generates a flow 
of leads that are collected and processed by tracking services for a particular offer. 
The tracking-service creates the lead data and adds key information about it to the 
platform (through the API or by calling the smart contract method directly).

If the advertiser approves the added lead by calling the appropriate API method 
or the smart contract method directly, they will charge the cost of the lead to the 
account and send it to the affiliate, minus the platform commission. By endorsing the 
lead, the advertiser gains access to information about the lead and can obtain full 
lead data (with the help of the tracking service or by unpacking the lead data with the 
help of the key.)
 
The HOQU platform provides the opportunity of working not only with advertisers 
and affiliates, but also with affiliate networks. An affiliate network can place all of its 
offers and leads on the platform. Any affiliate already working with the platform will 
be able to see and work with the offers of an affiliate network without any additional 
customization.
 

4.2. Registration on the Platform

Before starting work on the platform, a user must register with the web service 
hoqu.com, confirming their phone number and e-mail address. 



17

The next step is for the user to undergo verification. Currently, verification shall 
enlist  the aid of Civic’s services, but, in the future, internal verification may be 
implemented, which would require the user's ID and registration address.

Next, an Ethereum hot wallet is created, giving the user a personal Ethereum 
address and a private key to the wallet, required to access their personal account on 
other devices. 

The next step is for the user to indicate their role in the system — advertiser or 
affiliate. Depending on their selected role, they are given access to an appropriate 
personal account.

Registration on the HOQU Platform



18

4.3. Platform Units

Decentralized web applications will be designed to work with the platform and can 
be accessed through hoqu.com, as well as an SDK for custom solution developers. 
The applications will include:

An advertiser’s application;
An affiliate's application;
An affiliate network administrator application;
An application for the appeal/audit service operator.

Each web application will have a public API for obtaining information about a user. 
Advertisers and affiliate network applications shall have an additional private API for 
providing affiliate program information.

Data from the blockchain will be collected in real time, then processed and stored 
in a relational database. Any user registered on the platform can work with 
the database through the public API. Because the platform uses the Ethereum 
blockchain, this feature is needed to ensure that users do not have to incur additional 
overheads by burning gas when they receive data directly.

Such an architecture allows new users to work with the platform without wasting 
time, whilst taking full advantage of decentralized solutions as well as integrating 
with the platform. Using the SDK, all existing affiliate networks will be able to add to 
their solutions the benefits of the decentralized HOQU platform.

Operating Conditions of Advertisers:

The possibility to work with any affiliate network on the platform through the web 
client or mobile application (IOS/Android) unless an affiliate network prohibits this. 
The possibility of selecting the defining activity in the transaction (CPA, CPL, CPI, CPC, 
CPS).
Payment is made only for the selected transaction type included in the smart 
contract.
Easy development of your own affiliate network with all the tools and affiliate 
database of the platform.
The possibility of working with affiliates directly for an 0.5% commission. 



19

Confidence in the integrity of affiliates (affiliate network). 
Guaranteed availability of the required number of transactions for any field of activity.
The possibility to challenge transactions through appeal centers.

Affiliate Operating Conditions:

The ability to work with any affiliate network on the platform through the web client 
or mobile application (IOS/Android) unless the affiliate network prohibits it.
Any individual or organization matching platform criteria or a specific offer can work 
with the platform. 
The right to complain about unconscientious affiliate networks or advertisers.
Selection of an affiliate program and offer according to the best reward model (CPA, 
CPL, CPC, CPS, CPI).
Seasoned professionals, reliable affiliates and novices in the field of affiliate 
networks can all work with the platform.
In the event of collaboration with an affiliate network, one can make payments in a 
convenient form.

Operating Conditions of Affiliate Networks:

The possibility of working with any affiliate or advertiser through the web client or 
mobile app (IOS/Android), if this is not limited by the privacy settings.
The possibility of creating services for cash input and withdrawal on the platform.
Adding advertising offers to the platform. If an offer is added by an affiliate network, 
it is considered to be the actual owner of the offer, but the advertiser is its nominal 
owner. Only the owner of the offer can perform different actions with it (change the 
cost and terms of the deal, activate and deactivate offers, and so on).
A 24-7 support service. 
Development of promo materials and help with setting up tracking services.
Estimation of the offer's cost. 

Appeal and Audit Centers:

The Appeal Centre is a unit within the HOQU platform that regulates and audits the 
mechanisms in the service. Any member of the HOQU platform may appeal the action 
of another participant by submitting an application to the appeal center. When a 
complaint is received, the Center conducts a semi-automatic review of the parties to 
the conflict and makes its decision.



20

Functions:

Performing independent investigations into the appeals of advertisers and making 
decisions about them.
Monitoring the reputation of platform participants.
Verifying affiliates' reputational feedback from advertisers.

The appeal centers have their own rating that is dependent on the adoption of 
equitable and prompt decisions on appeals arising. If fraudulent activities are 
detected, the centers have the right to downgrade the reputation of these members 
of the platform and to prohibit them to work with the materials and objects they own.

Interaction between members of the HOQU ecosystem is maintained through 
Ethereum blockchain solutions. Basic platform functionality is implemented through 
smart contracts whose source code is available on GitHub[25]. 

The HOQU platform will have a set of decentralized applications, with the help 
of which one can easily add offers and leads, as well as create custom affiliate 
networks from scratch with all the benefits offered by the platform. HOQU will have 
many preinstalled modules, as well as a feature enabling the creation of custom 
modules (plug-ins).

5.
Technical Features of the Platform



21

Merchant App

Affiliate App



22

5.1.  Creation of an affiliate program

Within an advertiser's decentralized web application, an advertiser has the 
opportunity to create their own affiliate program, where they can register offers 
on the system by setting the rules for and the amount of an affiliate's reward. An 
affiliate can receive a reward for various types of application — leads, activities, 
installs, calls, GEA, and more. Affiliates can also have objective (scoring is 
performed automatically) and subjective (scoring is performed after the body of the 
lead is evaluated by the operator) evaluation criteria.

Reward amounts are determined in HOQU Platform tokens (HQX). A reward can have 
a fixed value, or it may be calculated as a percentage of the value of an attracted 
lead. It is also possible to fix the cost of a lead to any fiat currency. In this case, the 
value of a lead will be calculated in HQX tokens at the internal exchange rate current 
at the moment the lead was created on the hoqu.com web service.

How to Create Affiliate Program 



23

An affiliate program can be created either directly by an advertiser in their personal 
account or by an affiliate network on behalf of the advertiser, having become a 
member in advance. In the event that an affiliate program is created by an affiliate 
network, all editing and publishing rights belong to the affiliate network, the data is 
stored in the network database, and the advertiser is the nominal owner. 

After the affiliate program is created, its header data are placed on the blockchain. 
Full data on the affiliate program is located in the advertisers' relational database or 
affiliate network, depending on who the creator of the affiliate program is. To access 
data in this database, one can use an API, whose logon credentials are also stored 
on the blockchain along with affiliate program data. To access data through the API, 
if a user is working with an affiliate network, or when an affiliate program has a 
private status, users need a private API key issued to affiliate network members or 
issued by advertisers upon an affiliate's request. In addition, the affiliate program has 
the API credentials of the supporting services — the lead tracker and the authorized 
Appeal Center.



24

5.2. Decentralized web application for Affiliate Network Administrators

A decentralized affiliate network administrator application allows one to create and 
deploy affiliate networks on the HOQU platform. This application has built-in trackers 
that can work with any kind of payment for action — CPL, CPS, CPO, CPC, CPI, and 
others. The Affiliate Network Administrator application consists of many modules:

HUM (HOQU user management) is a system for managing the administrators 
(users) of an affiliate network, with a feature for creating different roles, adding and 
restricting different access rights.

HAFS (HOQU Anti-Fraud System) is an anti-fraud system that identifies fraudulent 
leads using more than 50 different metrics, neural networks and machine learning.

HAT (HOQU Automation Tools) - an automation tool that includes tools for creating 
templates for promo materials, and tools for developing an operating strategy for 
affiliate programs using specified algorithms, allowing an increase in the KPI.

Affiliate Network App



25

HAM (HOQU Affiliate Management) - a system that allows affiliate members of 
a network to join different groups, assign them different ranks and influence the 
reputation of participants.

HPD (HOQU Plugins Development) — each affiliate network can use different plug-
ins for customization, and it is also possible to create custom plug-ins to be made 
available to affiliates.

HSR (HOQU Statistic reports) — the system displays statistics with different data in 
real time and enables the creation of various user reports, and uploading of data to 
Excel.

HDPN (HOQU Dedicated Phone Numbers) - a system allowing one to associate a 
different phone number with a specific affiliate's work (required when using the pay 
per call model).

HOQU Support - a system for communication with affiliates and advertisers that 
includes a ticketing subsystem and chat with users.

An affiliate can start working with an affiliate network by becoming a member. To 
do so, they must meet the conditions of participation (territory, reputation, etc.) 
and apply through the public API of the affiliate network to obtain a private API 
key to access the affiliate network data. Public API credentials can be provided to 
an affiliate by the affiliate network itself, or obtained from blockchain by calling a 
special method in the smart contract. The request includes the logon credentials for 
the public API of an affiliate's web application, through which the affiliate network 
can obtain all required affiliate data. If approved, the collaboration will be recorded 
by the affiliate network on blockchain through the appropriate smart contract 
method.



26

In order to avoid mass registration of empty affiliates, the affiliate network can 
be given different auto-rejection criteria for submitted applications or manual 
confirmation of applications from the affiliate network administrator's office.

After the collaboration is recorded, an affiliate, through the affiliate network API, 
receives affiliate program data as well as widget data that is designed by the affiliate 
network to facilitate work with its affiliate programs. A ticketing and chat subsystem 
is also available for communication with the representatives of an affiliate network.

How to Join the Affiliate Network



27

5.3. Registration of a lead on the HOQU platform

For lead registration, the platform uses special services known as trackers. A 
tracker has its own Ethereum address, a relational database, and special software 
registering different types of transactions (leads). Trackers have permission to 
determine the method of adding a lead in the smart contract. The tracker software 
can regulate not only the leads but also how these leads are sold — whether 
directly to the advertiser or auctioned.

Anyone who wants to register their tracker can do this by determining a special 
smart contract method, specifying the type of lead to be accepted, as well as access 
credentials to the public API of the tracker.

The approximate scenario for a typical tracker is as follows. The affiliate passes the 
lead through the tracker API, the tracker widget, JS of the tracker API, and so on, and 
primary processing of the lead is done without registering it on the blockchain. At 
this stage, the user is protected against mass lead-adding attack, which, if detected, 
can lead to blocking of the private API-key of an affiliate.

Registration of a lead on the HOQU platform



28

The lead is then registered on the blockchain by determining the special tracker 
smart contract method, which first checks for links between the affiliate and the 
affiliate program, and then adds the metadata to the blockchain. The lead approval 
event is added to the scheduler queue with a hold time (payment delay) if it is 
stipulated by the terms of the affiliate program that determines this smart contract 
method, which charges tokens to the address of the advertiser, and ensures all 
interested parties are paid. In the event of a successful sale, the advertiser receives 
a full access key to the data, and the affiliate and affiliate network have a restricted 
access key. The blockchain stores only the headers of the lead, the party identifiers 
and the public tracker API credentials which give access to the body of the lead.

 



29

The HQX Tokens are released according to the ERC20 standard on the Ethereum 
blockchain. The total number of issued tokens will be 300,854,400 HQX, and no new 
tokens will be issued. Tokens assigned to the team will be frozen for 6 months, with 
a further gradual defrosting of 10% per quarter of the original quantity.

General Parameters:
Token: HQX
Total emissions: 300,854,400 HQX
Total amount to be sold: 65% of total token issuance or 195,555,360 HQX:
Private-Sale: 23,111,088 HQX
Pre-Sale: 34,666,632 HQX
Main Sale: 137,777,640 HQX
Hard cap: 14,791,000 USDT (as at November 27, 2017)
Accepted currencies: Ethereum (ETH), Bitcoin (BTC), Litecoin (LTC)

Private-Sale Parameters:
Private-Sale Dates: 14.09.2017 — 13.10.2017
Sales Volume of Private-Sale: 23,111,088 HQX
Hard Cap at Private-Sale: 785,000 USDT (as at October 13, 2017)
Private-Sale Price: 1 ETH = 10,000 HQX (bonus included)
Minimum Buying Transaction: 100 ETH
Maximum Buying Transaction: 600 ETH
Bonuses: The bonus is 100% of the price in the main sale

Pre-Sale Parameters:
Pre-Sale Dates: 13.11.2017 — 20.11.2017
Sales Volume of Pre-Sale: 34,666,632 HQX
Hard Cap at Pre-Sale: 1,753,000 USDT (as at November 20, 2017)
Pre-Sale Price: 1 ETH = 7,000 HQX (bonus included)
Minimum Buying Transaction: 0.1 ETH
Maximum Buying Transaction: Unlimited
Bonuses: The bonus is 40% of the price in the main sale

6.
Placement Parameters



30

Main Sale Parameters:
Main Sale: 27.11.2017 - 26.02.2018
Sales Volume on Main Sale: 137,777,640 HQX
Hard cap on Main Sale: 12,253,000 USDT (as at November 27, 2017)
Price on Main Sale: 1 HQX = 0.0002 ETH or 1 ETH = 5,000 HQX
Minimum Buying Transaction: 0.01 ETH
Maximum Buying Transaction: Unlimited

Bonus system during the Main Sale period

Bonus Number of tokens

20% 13,777,764 HQX

15% 13,777,764 HQX

13% 13,777,764 HQX

11% 13,777,764 HQX

9% 13,777,764 HQX

7% 13,777,764 HQX

5% 13,777,764 HQX

3% 13,777,764 HQX

0% 27,555,528 HQX

Token Distribution



31

Frequently Asked Questions

How to participate in the HOQU Token Sale?
To take part in the Token Sale, you need to get whitelisted. Note that the Whitelist 
only has a limited number of spots. The Whitelist registration will be closed once 
we have received a pre-set number of requests. Each participant will have their 
personal account with a step-by-step instruction on how to buy HQX tokens.
Can I send ETH from an exchange to the token wallet?
No, you cannot. If you send ETH from an exchange to the token sale wallet, they will 
most likely be lost. You must send ETH from any Ethereum wallet: MyEtherWallet 
(no download needed), MetaMask (no download needed), Parity (Desktop), Mist 
(Desktop), imToken (iPhone), imToken (Android).
What if not all HQX tokens are sold at the token sale?
If the hard cap is not reached by the end of the token sale, then all unsold tokens will 
expire.
Where can participants see their token sale balance?
The obtained tokens shall be visible immediately upon acquisition on the balance 
located on the user page. Two to three days after the end of the token sale, all HQX 
tokens shall be distributed onto Ethereum wallets.

Bounty рrogram:
2% of total issuance (6,017,088 HQX) will be allocated to the bounty program, which 
will be distributed as follows:

39% Signature and Avatar campaign.
26% Content creation.
15% Translation and moderation.
20% Social media (https://bounty.hoqu.io - bonus is available if KPI is reached): 
Including Twitter, Facebook, Medium, Telegram, YouTube,  Reddit, Instagram and 
WeChat. 

Affiliate Program:

HOQU has used a performance marketing model since the very beginning of the 
project. We offer an affiliate program to which 0.5% of the total issuance will be 
allocated (1,504,272 HQX). Tokens will be distributed among affiliates according to 
the amounts contributed. The affiliate program will be launched from the beginning 
of the pre-sale and will run until the end of the main sale.

https://bounty.hoqu.io


32

A key component in the economy of the HOQU project will be the HQX token, which 
will perform an infrastructural function and is required for transactions between 
platform members. The rewards for affiliate networks and affiliates will have a fixed 
price in US dollars as well as a floating price in tokens.

HQX tokens will receive turnover via:

Payment for affiliate network services by advertisers.
Payments from affiliate networks.
Payments from advertisers to affiliates.
HQX will be exchanged on platform-independent exchanges.

The distribution model for token sale funds is as follows:

7.
Token Function and Funds Allocation



33

In its activities HOQU will rely primarily on the team's long experience, as well as 
its relations, affiliates and clients. The Marketcall project launched by HOQU in only 
two years has become a leader among CPA networks in the CIS countries with 
respect to calls. The Marketcall system has already more than 1000 advertisers 
and more than 50,000 affiliates: From professional marketers with large teams to                  
affiliate-owners of small themed sites. The entire business of the Marketcall project 
will be transferred to the HOQU platform.

HOQU plans to focus on the following markets:

North America: United States, Canada.
South America: Brazil, Argentina, Chile.
Europe: Germany, Great Britain, France, Netherlands.
Asia: China, India, Japan.

Performance marketing is gradually gaining popularity among advertisers, especially 
in the countries listed above. The following information is provided on potential 
markets for HOQU:

1. E-commerce

One of the first markets where the performance marketing model has been actively 
applied is e-commerce. E-commerce sales in 2016 amounted to US $1.86 trillion 
worldwide and US $354 billion in the United States.[26][27] 

2. Tourism and Travel

Tourism and travel is a large market, with proportionate advertising budgets. 
Companies selling tickets, tours and that receive income from hotels can only benefit 
from paying for the marketing of their services. The cost of internet advertising 
for one of the world's largest travel companies, the Priceline Group, was US $2.74 
billion in 2015.[28] The volume of online sales in the tourism industry in 2016 was US 
$564 billion.[29] 

8.
Marketing Strategy

https://www.marketcall.ru/
http://www.marketcall.ru
http://www.marketcall.ru


34

3. Mobile Applications

Affiliate marketing is often used to distribute mobile applications that can only be 
advertised through the internet. Paying publishers for each application install by the 
CPA model is one of the most popular ways of promoting mobile applications. The 
total marketing costs of application installs in the United States in 2016 amounted to 
US $5.7 billion, according to Statista.[30]  

4. Financial Services

The financial services sector is considered to be highly promising for the 
implementation of performance marketing technologies. Growing competition in the 
industry is making traditional payments for clicks and ads less profitable for financial 
institutions.[31] According to eMarketer, the total cost of internet advertising in the 
financial sector in the United States will be US $10.1 billion in 2017.[32]

5. Vehicles and Real Estate

At the moment, performance marketing is practically non-operational in automobile 
sales and in 2016, 88 million cars were sold worldwide.[33] Analysts from CBRE 
believe that online real estate sales will continue to grow,[34] and 80% of real estate 
buyers use internet searches.[35] However, large purchases such as automobiles or 
real estate can be mutually beneficial for the performance marketing advertiser and 
the affiliate, for example, in the CPS (cost per sale) model. This model allows one to 
increase rewards for affiliates and effectiveness of advertising for advertisers at the 
same time, because affiliates will have an interest in actual sales.

21% of the funds attracted (the hard cap is $6.595 million) will be allocated to HOQU 
platform marketing, and expansion (opening additional offices) to the countries 
mentioned above is planned, which will require 17% or US $5.338 million of attracted 
funds if the hard cap is reached.



35

HOQU has significant competitive advantages over centralized affiliate platforms. The 
main strategy for the development of the project is to realize these advantages.

Comparison of HOQU with centralized affiliate platforms

Centralized platform HOQU Platform

High commissions
Up to 45% of advertisers' funds 
are allocated to the payment of 
commissions to intermediaries: 
Banks, payment systems, 
advertising agencies and 
platforms.

Low commissions
0.5% commission for 
transactions and the lack 
of intermediaries make the 
platform more profitable for 
advertisers and affiliates.

High cost
Affiliate networks pay for the 
use of existing platforms on 
a monthly basis or invest in  
developing proprietary systems.

Free use
HOQU provides the facility for 
using its blockchain platform 
to all affiliate networks at no 
additional cost.

Difficult start
The traditional platform 
operating model has a high 
entry threshold for affiliate 
networks.

Easy start
After the simple registration 
of an affiliate network on the 
platform, each affiliate and 
advertiser gains access to the 
platform for work.

Work instability
When a centralized platform 
fails, all affiliate networks stop 
working, until the cause is 
identified and the problem is 
resolved.

Module Independence
Other modules do not influence 
work on the platform in any 
way, and work continues even if 
a neighboring module has failed.

9.
Development Strategy and Roadmap



36

The commission of banks and payment systems for affiliates and advertisers makes 
up 3-5% of turnover.
The advertising agencies and CPA network fees make up 15-25% of turnover.
Advertising sites and services commission makes up 5-15% of turnover.

Affiliate Marketing Industry without HOQU



37

HOQU realizes that traditional affiliate networks currently function with fiat currencies 
only. However, possibilities for buying goods and services for cryptocurrencies are 
rapidly growing. The crypto industry is a new and fast-growing market, and HOQU 
can offer new possibilities to its participants. Of course, the existence of Ethereum 
wallets and the need for the use of smart contracts impose certain restrictions on 
participants of the system, requiring them to have a sufficient level of technical 
expertise and resources. HOQU will accommodate network participants who are not 
ready to build their own technical solutions using the HOQU SDK.

HOQU will offer a simpler, more intuitive web-based application (for which both 
desktop and mobile versions will be available), the server aspect of which realizes 
all of the above logic and addresses smart contract methods using the service 
API. This does not violate the principles of openness and decentralization, as all 
operations will continue to be performed through the blockchain, but via the HOQU 
API. Platform participants will then be able to simply obtain an account on the HOQU 
system, add the required budget using any convenient currency and start work using 
the system.

Using HOQU, advertisers work directly with affiliates and save around 44% of their 
advertising budget.
The HOQU commission for the deal constitues 0.5%.

Affiliate Marketing Industry with HOQU



38

The emergence of such blockchain projects as AdEx, qChain, adChain and Papyrus 
attests to the great potential of the blockchain industry. However, transfer of 
traditional advertising exchanges to blockchain systems, which these projects offer 
will not fundamentally change the way the market works. Sooner or later, classical 
models will yield to performance marketing and one of the most effective models, 
namely - affiliate marketing.

In 2018, HOQU plans to continue active development of the project and update its 
releases. There is great potential for using HOQU in the areas of cryptocurrency 
retail and e-commerce, cryptocurrency exchanges and services, as well as in 
affiliate programs for ICOs and tokensales. The team’s further plans for platform 
development will be announced subsequently. A more detailed description of 
development phases can be found at https://www.hoqu.io. So far, the main planned 
stages of the project's development are:

https://www.hoqu.io/


39

Development of the CPL smart contract 
prototype and the decentralized affiliate 

application

Decentralized Affiliate              
Network Application

Release of the appeal center    
operator and administrator 

decentralized application

Developer Tool Kit (SDK)

Launch of the world's first 
decentralized affiliate network on 
the HOQU platform

Decentralized platform            
mobile application

November 2017

Development of smart contracts for 
all payment types (CPA, CPL, CPC, 
CPS, CPI)

January 2018

Trackers by payment type February 2018

Release of the decentralized  
affiliate/advertiser applicationMarch 2018

May 2018

September 2018

October 2018

February 2019

March 2019



40

HOQU focuses on effective interaction with professional marketers and industry 
experts, with whom HOQU will create one of the best marketing blockchain 
platforms in the world. Advertisers will be able to increase the effectiveness of their 
advertising campaigns, and affiliates and affiliate networks will gain direct access to 
the customer base.

We provide affiliate networks with an inexpensive infrastructure that is 
technologically superior to its counterparts. There are no other blockchain-based 
affiliate networks with a smart contract system present on the market.



41

We started working in the internet marketing field in the early 2000s.  Gradually 
developing our expertise, in 2006 we were among the first in Russia to establish 
our own agency for SEO promotion — PromoPage, and in 2008 we created the real 
estate aggregator Move.ru and a number of other projects.

As professionals in the advertising industry, we have noticed how poorly advertising 
campaigns are sometimes realized. Many advertisers and advertising agencies have 
faulty objectives, which lead to ineffective budgeting. Unsurprisingly, advertisers 
are increasingly dissatisfied with the payment mechanism used by publishers and 
webmasters when paid ads or clicks are not converted into sales.

In 2015, we set up an affiliate network for calling — Marketcall, which works using 
the performance-marketing model, where an advertiser pays only for results: 
targeted calls from clients. In two years of work we have become leaders in the 
number of attracted targeted calls in the CIS market.

10.
Team & Advisors

Alexey Shmonov 
HOQU CEO and Co-founder
Online advertising expert and entrepreneur. Co-founder 
of one of Russia’s first affiliate networks Marketcall, the 
Move.ru real estate website, and multiple e-commerce 
projects. In 2011-2013, Alexey integrated PayPass into 
TurkPay as the company’s COO.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksey-shmonov-a8294b29/

https://twitter.com/liveeye

http://promopage.ru/
https://move.ru/
https://www.marketcall.ru/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksey-shmonov-a8294b29/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksey-shmonov-a8294b29/
https://twitter.com/liveeye
https://twitter.com/liveeye


42

  

 

Ralph Liu
HOQU Advisor
Ralph is an investment banker, and a venture investor in 
the field of blockchain technologies. In 2009, he developed 
and headed the program for the joint management of 
real estate - Farjho, and in 2015 - a program for the joint 
ownership and lease of works of art. Ralph is Founder 
and Managing Director of Advanced Risk Management 
Solutions, former Vice President of UBS, Managing Director 
of JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley, Executive Vice 
President and Investment Director of China Everbright 
Bank.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralphyliu/

Maxim Anikeev  
HOQU CMO and Co-founder

Graduate of the MSTU Stankin faculty of Information 
Systems.
In 2003, while in university, headed MaxStyle, making it a 
leader of SEO companies in 2 years.
In 2005, founded and owns Eastlines, now a Moscow Top-3.
In 2006, founded Promopage, created over 20 IT projects on 
it. Annual turnover of company Group exceeds $10 million,
4 offices in Moscow, 150+ employees. 
In 2008, founded Spanish real estate portal LifeSpain.com 
and agency of international RE, offices in Barcelona and 
Moscow.
In 2010, created 6 online stores on China platforms directly 
tied to Chinese suppliers, continues increasing trade volume 
of China produce.
In 2014, launched internet projects, monetizing them via CPA 
(Cost Per Action), CPS (Cost Per Sale), CPC (Cost Per Click) 
models.
Now operates 55 projects, attracting clients to advertisers 
with annual turnover in excess of $25 million. 20 more 
projects currently under development.
In 2017, co-founded the HOQU platform, in 2018 slated to 
integrate more projects as affiliates.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxim-anikeev-598b14149/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralphyliu/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksey-shmonov-a8294b29/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralphyliu/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxim-anikeev-598b14149/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxim-anikeev-598b14149/


43

Alexander Duzhnikov  
HOQU COO and Co-founder

Graduated from MSTU Stankin, specializing in "Information 
Systems".

In 2008, founded the federal internet portal for real estate 
Move.ru, Top 5 portals on the market and in the Top 3 on 
media budgets in Russia.

In 2009, launched a network of e-commerce projects in 
various areas (for example, www.vkostume.ru - up to 1000 
orders daily). 

In 2014, established an annual professional award in the field 
of real estate - Move Realty Awards (moverealtyawards.ru). 

In 2015, joined the board of directors of the A3F Group 
(Turnover more than 10m$ in 2016).

In 2015, became one of the founders and COO of the affiliate 
network Marketcall.ru.

In 2017, MarketCall entered the markets of Ukraine and the 
USA (marketcall.com.ua, marketcall.xyz).

In 2017, founded the HOQU project - a decentralized affiliate 
marketing platform based on blockchain technology.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksandr-duzhnikov/

Mike Coppola
HOQU Advisor
Business operator, investor, advisor with over 12 years 
experience in mobile consumer and enterprise technology. 
Currently CBO at Omnivore, the world’s first universal POS 
API and App Marketplace. Raised over $50M in capital for 
various startupsr. Award winning digital executive honored 
for his innovative work with leading multinational brewing 
and beverage company SABMiller and others. One of the 
most well connected professionals with a personal global 
network of business and technology leaders from Silicon 
Valley to Wall Street and beyond.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikecoppola/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksandr-duzhnikov/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksandr-duzhnikov/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikecoppola/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikecoppola/


44

Kenneth A. Goodwin Jr.
HOQU Advisor
Kenneth is a globally dynamic executive with over 20 years 
of banking and capital markets experience, a former U.S. 
White House Business Council/Business Forward member, 
college adjunct professor and lecturer on International 
Trade, Forensic Investigation methodology, and an 
entrepreneurial C-suite executive for FDI projects in US, 
Asia (China, Japan) and Africa.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/akennethgoodwinjr/

https://youtu.be/qAC2e4ObsHA

Alex Shifrin
HOQU Advisor
Proven advertising professional with a solid history of 
successful entrepreneurship and international experience. 
Currently active as Managing Partner at LP/AD, a Toronto-
based creative agency boutique, focusing on revenue 
growth and market development. Previously served as 
Regional CEO at Saatchi&Saatchi. Prior to that held the 
post of Managing Director. Previous to this position, was 
Managing Partner and Founder of TCF, an advertising 
boutique, which was acquired by Saatchi&Saatchi.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexshifrin/

https://youtu.be/ZJp5TUFRpZI

Andrey Duzhnikov 
HOQU CTO

Head of HOQU’s development team. Andrey has 13 years’ 
experience in IT. Has expertise in high-load services and 
neural networks. Co-founder of Marketcall and Move.ru. 
Manages IT and web development at Marketcall and Move.ru.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/akennethgoodwinjr/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksey-shmonov-a8294b29/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/akennethgoodwinjr/
https://youtu.be/qAC2e4ObsHA
https://youtu.be/qAC2e4ObsHA
https://youtu.be/qAC2e4ObsHA
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexshifrin/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksey-shmonov-a8294b29/
https://youtu.be/ZJp5TUFRpZI
https://youtu.be/ZJp5TUFRpZI
https://youtu.be/ZJp5TUFRpZI


45

Roman Kaufman 
HOQU CVO

Has expertise in digital economics and blockchain technology. 
Co-founder of IBCG, the largest blockchain community in 
Russia and Eastern Europe with over 15,000 members. One 
of the major blockchain specialists. Frequent speaker at 
high-profile blockchain-themed events. Builds and maintains 
relationships with investor communities and venture funds.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/roman-k-95233654/

https://twitter.com/1RomanHQ

John Mun 
HOQU Advisor
CEO and Co-Founder of Linker Coin, Jeonggon Mun 
graduated from Pohang University of Science and 
Technology, one of the leading universities of science and 
technology in South Korea and pursued further studies 
at UC Berkeley Haas School of Business and obtained his 
Master of Financial Engineering in 2011. After his studies, 
he began his career in the United States as a Trade Analyst 
and returned to South Korea to work for Woori Investment 
& Securities one of the leading financial institutions as a 
Market Maker and General Manager.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeonggon-mun-670b8b28/

Abdelrahman Younis 
HOQU Business Development @ IR Middle East

The delegate of the future of marketing in Arab countries, 
such as the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Egypt, Jordan, 
Qatar. Participates in multiple thematic conferences, builds 
relationships with local companies and investors. Has a 
B.A. in English Studies and an M.A. in translation.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/roman-k-95233654/
https://twitter.com/1RomanHQ
https://www.linkedin.com/in/roman-k-95233654/
https://twitter.com/1RomanHQ
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeonggon-mun-670b8b28/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeonggon-mun-670b8b28/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeonggon-mun-670b8b28/


46

Mike Zarubin 
HOQU Business Development @ IR Asia

The top-manager of a large distribution business of 
Chinese vehicles in Russia. He has successful experience in 
development of international projects on government level 
since 2005. He is an expert on IT, trade & industry relations 
with China. Graduated from EMBA IMISP'2016.

Rouben Alikian 
Communications Specialist and Editor-in-Chief

Has extensive experience in written communications and 
linguistics services after having worked for many years 
in such global communications firms as ABBYY Language 
Services, Neotech and others. He has also worked as an 
internal and external communications specialist at KPMG 
and another prominent legal firm as a PR Director. Rouben is 
fluent in five languages and is the author of multiple books. 
Has a B.A. in marketing and a B.A. in English language.

Boris Lebedenko 
HOQU CFO and Senior Legal Advisor
Expert in international law. For a long time worked as the 
manager of large financial companies working with the 
assets of legal entities and individuals. Has many years 
of experience working on stock exchanges and more 
than 15 years of practice in the field of financial and legal 
consulting, and the banking sector. Began his career in 
international financial companies.

Pankaj Mondal
HOQU Associate Editor

Conducts editorial operations within the organization. 
Writes on blockchain and digital marketing topics for a host 
of publications. Expert content marketer.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/pankajmondal/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/pankajmondal/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxim-anikeev-598b14149/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pankajmondal/


47

Xu Wei
HOQU Sales Management Officer

Responsible for interaction with key clients and expanding 
the HOQU client base in China. Wayne has extensive 
experience in the electronics industry after having worked 
at Kontech Electronics, establishing successful trade 
relations between Russia and China.

Alex Tsanev
HOQU Brand Identity Designer

Specializes in branding and logo design development. His 
works and achievements on design are published and 
featured on major design related platforms, and some 
can be seen in printed editions. Currently works as an 
independent consultant helping various businesses from 
all over the world to have a competitive visual style.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexander-tsanev-7638069/

Ko Sugimori 
Asian Market PR & Digital Marketing Consultant

Has worked in the Personal Media International web 
consultancy, one of the leading Japanese consultancies, as 
a localization manager, business developer and bespoke 
website creation server facilitator. Has also worked with 
major airlines, travel agencies, IT & telecommunications 
companies.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/kosugimori/

Timur Poltorykhin 
International Business Developer and shareholders 
board advisor

Entrepreneur, expert and business coach in internet 
marketing, forex industry and project management. Former 
CEO at Leadmonster.com, COO at Move.ru, Marketcall. 
For the past 2 years was deeply in Internet of Things (IoT) 
industry. CEO at Rtlservice.com

https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexander-tsanev-7638069/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxim-anikeev-598b14149/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexander-tsanev-7638069/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kosugimori/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxim-anikeev-598b14149/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kosugimori/


48

Sergey Bakhmet 
HOQU Full-Stack programmer

Sergey was involved in developing and maintaining 
Novostroyki.org, a real estate website on Russia’s 
new housing.  Contributed to maintaining a few major 
e-commerce projects (Vkostume.Ru, Vipbikini.Ru,    
Military.Ru).

Andrey Grishin 
HOQU Full-stack programmer

Full-stack programmer. Since 2016, Andrey has been 
involved in developing new services and maintaining 
major e-commerce projects (Vkostume.Ru, Vipbikini.Ru,   
Military.Ru).

Sergey Skunov 
HOQU Senior Developer

IT Director of Marketcall since 2015. Sergey is involved in 
developing and maintaining a whole array of Marketcall 
services. Keen on innovative technologies, neural 
networks, and mining.

Alexander Zosimov 
HOQU Full-stack programmer

Since 2014, Alexander has been involved in developing 
and maintaining the Move.Ru real estate website. Takes 
an interest in PHP, Yii, Laravel, Lumen, Doctrine, ZF, JS, 
Webpack and Vue.



49

Alexander Krivtsun 
Senior Developer, HOQU Smart Contract Developer

Since 2014, Alexander has been involved in developing and 
designing the first version of Marketcall affiliate system. 
Takes interest in new programming skills, neural networks, 
and development of blockchain-based decentralized apps.

Denis Degterin 
Senior Developer, HOQU Smart Contract Developer

Denis developed and designed the first version of the 
Marketcall affiliate system. Takes interest in neural 
networks and development of blockchain-based 
decentralized apps.

Vladimir Kamensky  
HOQU Project Manager

Since 2014, Vladimir has worked as a project manager for 
the real estate website Move.Ru, the new housing website 
Novostroyki.org, and the online stores Vkostume.ru,         
Military.ru, and Vipbikini.ru. Since 2016, he has managed 
the development of an e-commerce management system 
for Ec-crm.ru. Was involved in designing the Marketcall 
affiliate system. Keen on high-load projects and big data.

Konstantin Lozhkin 
Senior Developer, HOQU Ad-tech Developer

Konstantin was involved in designing and developing a 
discount system for Groupon.uz. He has worked as web 
developer at Oi.uz and Seon.asia. Since 2014, he has been 
involved in developing and maintaining Novostroyki.org, a 
real estate website on Russia’s new housing. Contributes 
to maintaining the Move.Ru and Marketcall websites. Keen 
on high-load projects, enterprise development, and VR/AR.



50

Thanks to performance marketing and blockchain technology, we are now on the 
verge of establishing a new market for internet advertising, where budgets are 
most efficiently spent on effective customer engagement at greater profit for those 
involved in facilitating the transition. HOQU's pioneering entry into the market will 
lead to radical changes in the industry. Our expert analysis has shown that the 
changes are in line with the needs of market participants, and that new technologies 
have made it possible to technically organize the process on an entirely new level of 
quality.

Advertising is an integral part of our lives and a critical component of the economy. 
It drives business and helps customers make quality choices. With the unstoppable 
introduction of blockchain technology into more areas of business (finance, 
tourism, real estate, etc.), new multi-billion dollar markets will be made available. 
HOQU is pioneering the creation of a profitable platform that will help realize new 
opportunities for all involved by making marketing an accessible and more attractive 
venture.

By contributing in the establishment of HOQU on the market, participants shall 
automatically gain access to the vast, untapped profit potential of decentralized 
marketing.



51

Regulatory risks

The adoption of new laws regulating cryptocurrency turnover and the implementation 
of token sales worldwide is just beginning. HOQU warns contributors that it is not 
responsible for possible changes in the project in the event of a possible restriction 
on cryptocurrency projects and tokensales in different jurisdictions. 

As China and the United States prohibit their citizens from participating in 
contributions in high-risk projects related to the cryptocurrency market, we 
cannot accept contributions from the citizens of the aforementioned countries and 
jurisdictions. Blockchain technology is a recent development, and the technical and 
legal issues associated with it are virtually unregulated or nonexistent.

HOQU notes that it is not responsible for possible adoption of laws regulating 
blockchain technology by any country that would adversely affect the development of 
the project or the entire crypto industry.
  

Technological risks

An open protocol creates additional risks for the development of HOQU. A platform 
can be a target for cyberattacks that will have a negative impact on its cost, 
reputation, tools, and customers' personal data. The team will engage every 
resource at its disposal to ensure the project's safety, but notes that it is not  
impervious.

The creation of a blockchain platform in the area of internet advertising is a new 
challenge requiring human resources and the necessary material and technical 
resources.

There is a risk that HOQU will require more contribution to develop than is 
anticipated at the current stage. In addition, there is a risk that the necessary 
expertise to successfully launch the project could not be attracted.

11.
Risks



52

Financial risks

Contributions in companies, cryptocurrency and various tokensales are considered 
high-risk. Contributions in HOQU do not guarantee income. There is a risk of incurring 
serious losses.

The HQX token is used as an exchange tool between all members of the HOQU 
platform to pay for advertising content. It does not provide the right to vote or the 
right to property in HOQU Inc. The platform does not translate HQX tokens into fiat 
currencies and is not responsible for the fluctuation of the HQX token if it is listed on 
third-party exchanges.

Cryptocurrencies currently have a high volatility. Financial losses are possible in the 
event of acute fluctuations in cryptocurrency or fiat currencies.

If any jurisdiction implements a law with adverse effects on the crypto industry, 
translation of tokens to fiat currency could become difficult or impossible. 

When tokens are exchanged to fiat, the relevant services could charge a commission 
and the government of the relevant jurisdiction could mandate payment of taxes.

If new laws are enacted in any of the world's jurisdictions, there is a risk that 
contributors be obliged to pay taxes or additional charges against any funds  
contributed in HOQU.

After contributing in the token sale and before the launch of the project, contributors 
could lack the ability to use tokens in any way or sell them.



53

Industry risks

The HOQU team does not guarantee successful project development or a return 
on contribution. Competition in the field of internet marketing continues to grow. 
Alternative projects could be successful, which will have a negative impact on the 
position of HOQU contributors.

The performance marketing model also has critics among publishers. Many 
publishers currently do not work with the performance marketing model, and some 
use irrelevant traffic. Such publishers would not be interested in the HOQU platform.
Publishers not using a performance-marketing model are likely to ignore HOQU and 
criticize it.



54

[1] https://venturebeat.com/2015/12/10/33-of-all-programmatic-ad-impressions-on-mobile-could-be-fake/ 
[2] https://static1.squarespace.com/static/57901762725e2547f073e884/t/587810fec534a5ef66e5da48/1484263680001/FINAL_
Whiteops_Whitepaper_11_6_151.pdf, page 6
[3] https://theandpartnership.app.box.com/s/qt8ahj4led6h77b2dsbsa1bnu07wxqcm, page 2
[4] https://www.incapsula.com/blog/bot-traffic-report-2016.html
[5] https://www.civic.com/
[6] https://www.iab.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/IAB_Internet_Advertising_Revenue_Report_FY_2016.pdf, page 8
[7] https://www.magnaglobal.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/MAGNA-December-Global-Forecast-Update-Press-Release.pdf,    
page 2
[8] https://www.statista.com/outlook/216/100/digital-advertising/worldwide#market-revenue 
[9] http://www.dentsuaegisnetwork.com/danadspend2017, page 10
[10] https://www.magnaglobal.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/MAGNA-December-Global-Forecast-Update-Press-Release.pdf,  
page 6
[11] http://www.strathcom.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/eMarketer_Worldwide_Ad_Spending-eMarketers_Updated_Estimates_
and_Forecast_for_20152020.pdf, page 4
[12] https://www.statista.com/outlook/216/100/digital-advertising/worldwide#market-revenue 
[13] https://iabrus.ru/projects/894 
[14] https://iabrus.ru/projects/894 
[15] http://getcake.com/uk-digital-adspend-study-2016/ 
[16] http://getcake.com/uk-digital-adspend-study-2016/
[17] http://www.iab.net/media/image/IAB_Digital_Simplified_Defining_Performance_Marketing.pdf 
[18] https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/awin-development-uploads/keystone/market-insights/2017-05-11-What-is-the-global-
value-of-affiliate-marketing.docx.pdf 
[19] https://www.amnavigator.com/blog/2016/04/27/20-affiliate-marketing-stats-will-blow-mind/ 
[20] http://www.businessinsider.com/the-affiliate-marketing-report-how-mainstream-publishers-are-turning-performance-based-
marketing-into-a-fine-art-2015-11 
[21] https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/awin-development-uploads/keystone/market-insights/2017-05-11-What-is-the-global-
value-of-affiliate-marketing.docx.pdf, page 6
[22] http://www.amnavigator.com/blog/2016/04/27/20-affiliate-marketing-stats-will-blow-mind/ 
[23] http://www.thedrum.com/opinion/2017/04/17/brands-are-missing-the-affiliate-marketing-opportunity-asia
[24] https://www.yanoresearch.com/press/pdf/1630.pdf 
[25] https://github.com/hoqu-io
[26] https://www.statista.com/statistics/379046/worldwide-retail-e-commerce-sales/ 
[27] http://marketingland.com/m-commerce-21-percent-online-spending-q4-digital-commerce-reaches-109-billion-206591 
[28] https://www.statista.com/statistics/225474/priceline-operating-expenses/ 
[29] https://www.statista.com/statistics/499694/forecast-of-online-travel-sales-worldwide/ 
[30] https://www.statista.com/statistics/445757/mobile-app-install-advertising-spending-usa/ 
[31] https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/29/business/chase-ads-youtube-fake-news-offensive-videos.html?_r=0 
[32] https://www.salesforce.com/blog/2017/03/advertising-trends-2017.html 
[33] http://www.businessinsider.com/2016-was-a-record-breaking-year-for-global-car-sales-and-it-was-almost-entirely-driven-by-
china-2017-1 
[34] http://cbre.vo.llnwd.net/grgservices/secure/CBRE-2017GlobalOutlookReport.pdf?e=1504613776&h=e75d7a134a341ef100cc67929
c9b8467
[35] http://blog.contactually.com/real-estate-statistics-for-2016/  

12.
References



FOLLOW AND CONTACT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA

YouTube Reddithoqu.io Telegram

RU

Instagram TwitterTelegram

EN

Bitcointalk

RU

Medium Facebook GitHub Bitcointalk

EN

Youku Steemit Wechat

中

Weibo

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcfcY4aMC4liK8FAxmZP2Qw
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcfcY4aMC4liK8FAxmZP2Qw
https://www.reddit.com/r/HOQU
https://www.reddit.com/r/HOQU
https://www.hoqu.io/
https://www.hoqu.io/
https://t.me/hoqu_rus
https://t.me/hoqu_rus
http://instagram.com/hoqu_io
http://instagram.com/hoqu_io
https://twitter.com/HOQU_IO
https://twitter.com/HOQU_IO
https://t.me/HOQUIO
https://t.me/HOQUIO
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2254440
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2254440
https://blog.hoqu.io/
https://blog.hoqu.io/
https://www.facebook.com/HOQUio
https://www.facebook.com/HOQUio
https://github.com/hoqu-io
https://github.com/hoqu-io
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2254411
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2254411
http://i.youku.com/hoquio?spm=a2hzp.8244740.0.0
http://i.youku.com/hoquio?spm=a2hzp.8244740.0.0
http://i.youku.com/hoquio?spm=a2hzp.8244740.0.0
https://steemit.com/@hoqu
https://steemit.com/@hoqu
https://steemit.com/@hoqu
https://www.weibo.com/6407524807/
https://www.weibo.com/6407524807/

	_GoBack

