











































© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  1 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Crowdfunding Whitepaper V1.7 

Decentralized Blockchain 

platform for IoT Solution 

Development that bridges the  

gap between IoT demand and 

supply  

HURIFY 
An Ethereum Smart Contract Platform 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  2 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revision History 

Revision No Date Changes 

1.7 31-Jan-2018 Changes to Leadership team 

1.6 30-Jan-2018 Change to Engineering team (Arun Kumar V) 

1.5 29-Nov-2017 Changes to Token sale Numbers 

1.4 22-Nov-2017 Changes to Timeline and Charts 

1.3 31-Oct-2017 Addition of Partners 

1.2 24-Oct-2017 Changes in Vision Statement 

1.1 19-Oct-2017 Changes in Schedule Formatting 

1.0 29-Sep-2017 Initial Version 

 

 

 

 

  



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  3 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to 

sell shares or securities in Hurify or any related or associated company. Any such offer or 

solicitation would only be made by a confidential offering memorandum and by applicable 

securities and other laws. Please read the important Risk Disclosures at the end of this White Paper. 

Hurify Inc. may make changes to this White Paper. 

Please visit hurify.co for the most recent version. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  4 
 

  



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  5 
 

 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  6 
 

  



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  7 
 

ABSTRACT 

The growth of the Internet of Things (IoT) is exploding. IoT has moved from a hyped state to creating 

promising values.  When the hardware sensors attached to “things” captures the data, sends the data 

to anywhere and processes the data for meaningful action, it opens the gate for tremendous 

opportunities. For many businesses, IoT is expected to improve the way they conduct business. 

The key to the successful adoption of IoT is in untangling the complexity of IoT. It involves 

understanding each building block of IoT and developing the well-designed application. 

The starting point for the Internet of Things applications are edge devices hardware with embedded 

IoT software. These edge devices are low power hardware with sensors and an embedded operating 

system that capture the data. A developer with an IoT embedded development skills-set is a key 

player in this initial tier.  

The next tier in the IoT framework is the ingestion layer. This is typically the cloud infrastructure that 

receives the streams of data from the end devices A developer in this domain is required to have data 

center skills.  

Finally, there's the analytics and end-user tier, which takes the organized data and processes it to 

produce the application that the end user sees and uses. The end product may be an enterprise 

application, a Web app, or a mobile app. A developer in this domain is required to have data 

analytics and application development skills. 

It’s unrealistic to expect anyone developer to be an expert on all aspects of the IoT infrastructure. For 

this reason, Hurify has created a solution to enable collaboration between international teams of 

developers with different expertise to come onto a common platform and build IoT solutions. This 

Hurify platform will facilitate faster and more consistent IoT development and deployments. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  8 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

"To create a decentralized blockchain 

economy that disrupts existing models in 

internet of things to make technology 

accessible to everyone" 

 
 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  9 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Research Nester states 

“The global Internet of Things (IoT) market 

reached USD 598.2 Billion in 2015 and the 

market is expected to reach USD 724.2 

Billion by 2023.”  

 

Business Insider states 

“There will be 34 billion devices connected 

to the internet by 2020, up from 10 billion 

in 2015. IoT devices will account for 24 

billion, while traditional computing devices 

(e.g. smartphones, tablets, smartwatches, 

etc.) will comprise 10 billion. Nearly $6 

trillion will be spent on IoT solutions over 

the next five years.” 

IoT 
Market 
Research  



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  10 
 

PROBLEM 

IoT has been to a roaring start, but some inherent challenges in IoT are hampering the progress 

companies are making in their IoT journey. For IoT to reach its maximum potential, small businesses 

and enterprises need a way to quickly and cost effectively turn IoT ideas into value create applications. 

Developmental  complexity  

To transform an IoT idea to implementation requires a complex understanding of multiple disciplines. 

To develop a full-blown IoT product one should understand the integration complexities of the 

hardware sensors, gateways, middleware, cloud and data analytics.  

Skills Shortage 

IoT solutions require hard-to-find skills spanning IoT technology, integration, data management, 

analytics, and app development. According to Gartner, 49 percent of CIOs are expecting to 

experience IT skills shortages in the next 12 months. 

Developing an IoT product or solution is like solving the puzzle. All the right pieces of the puzzle must 

be put together correctly for creating and launching a successful IoT product. 

Growing numbers of companies are working to develop the infrastructure needed for the 

development of IoT. There are many players from cloud providers like Amazon and Microsoft, 

network providers like AT&T and Verizon, and microprocessor providers like ARM and Intel. 

As IoT domain is fragmented, developing an IoT product usually requires working with multiple 

partners to produce a working solution. When IoT companies advertise themselves as providing 

independent platforms, they are usually leading collaborations. These platform brands are specialized 

for a specific domain, and much of the supporting IT pieces must be identified and built by working 

with several subcontracting partners. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  11 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SOLUTION 

Most IoT companies are building High Productivity Application Platforms as a Service (hPa PaaS) 

solution, which are application abstraction layers that help integrate easier and faster IoT 

development. Hurify is addressing the ground level talent problem of building core skills in 

engineers and helping them to connect with IoT product development opportunities. The 

developers get to learn and get paid as they master new and cutting edge IoT skills.   

Hurify is an innovative Smart Contract platform that will bridge the gaps between the IoT 

solution builders with world-class IoT experts. Hurify creates a blockchain marketplace that 

facilitates connections between clients wanting to create IoT products and the best developers 

who can build their products. Developers can list their services for free and IoT clients can 

browse for these services. Payment for Developer services through Hurify is based upon an 

Ethereum blockchain that encourages trusted partnerships in the international IoT talent sectors. 

  

Welcome to the future of IoT development 

Hurify will use its own Ethereum ERC20 Token standard called HUR 

for the transactions within its network. 

  

Advantages of Hurify Marketplace for IoT development 

 Cryptocurrency Payments for International Partnerships 

 Decentralized Ethereum based platform driven by Smart Contracts 

 Quick concept to prototype transition 

 Lower IoT development cost with no additional charges or fees 

 Multi-signature escrow between the client and developer 

 Ability for client to find the right talent for the IoT development work 

 Immediate payment for completed development projects 

 Gives clients the opportunity to specify their own terms and conditions 

 Personal information does not have to be shared 

 Payments are made directly between the buyer and seller 

 Builds reputation and client base for the best of IoT developer talent 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  12 
 

HURIFY ARCHITECTURE 

The Hurify framework allows clients who are looking to build IoT solutions to find the right developer 

talent and engage with them to create the first prototype and beyond. Hurify’s objective is to create a 

Smart Contract system that allows a client with an IoT idea to create an IoT product/solution and fast-

track the development of their prototype by leveraging the IoT talent pool in the international 

freelance developer marketplace. The Hurify network will allow freelance developers or hobbyist to 

showcase their talent, bridging the gap between the demand and talent. 

In Hurify Platform the relation between the client and the developer is a direct one,  no third party is 

involved. When a client has a requirement to build an IoT product or solution, they can post the 

requirement in the Hurify Platform and look for the right developers to create the product or solution 

with HUR Tokens. All transitionary funds between client and developer will be in a secure blockchain 

escrow platform. On completion of the assigned project, the payment released to the developer from 

these pre-verified funds. 

Developers can create their Hurify profile listing their specialization and any certificate they received 

from completing projects within the platform. When a client is seeking a service, they can broadcast 

the message in the platform and seek developers to bid. Once a client chooses a developer, then a 

multi-signature escrow is used to hold the HUR that gets released after completion of the service. The 

project moves to the completed state upon mutual signatures; funds get released to the developer 

and certificates are issued to both parties verifying project completion and payment.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  13 
 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

  

   

 

 

  

 

 

 

  

Client 

Submit project; 

Invite Talents from Pool (Embedded 

Applications: Cloud Pools); 

Accept Proposals; 

Order Resources like Remote Hardware for 

IoT development; 

Get Project done with resources; 

Release payment in HUR. 

Developer 

Search for Project 

Apply for Project 

Work & complete the project 

Submit invoice 

Get paid 

Receive Feedback 

Hurify client will allow 

Searching the IoT related projects 

Search for IoT related articles 

Publish Developers credentials 

Invoicing and payments 

Forums to discuss IoT related questions 

Information and Blogs related to IoT 

 

 

 

Workflow 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  14 
 

 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  15 
 

The forum will allow IoT related discussions. The Developer can add credibility to their skills by 

answering questions in the forum and by adding blogs related to IoT. Developers will be awarded 

points each time they post blogs or receive a recommendation for their answers. HUR Token is 

awarded as a reward when they reach a certain number of points. 

Hurify Certificate 

Once the development project completed, the Client can issue a certificate on the blockchain to 

validate the capability and qualifications of the Developer through the Hurify Certificate System. Hurify 

shall partner with various universities to provide an opportunity for this certification.  

 

  



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  16 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Hurify’s business model is built around the 

effective and trusted usage of the Hurify HUR 

Tokens within a Smart Contract Platform.  

 Hurify Tokens will be used for purchasing 

platform services 

 Hurify Token will be used to post projects 

in Hurify platform.  

 Hurify Token will be used to pay for the 

Developers.  

 Hurify Tokens can be used to do ad 

placements on the Hurify platform.  

 

CURRENT STATUS 

 Hurify Prototype is ready on private 

blockchain instance. Available on our 

website. 

 Prototype of Mobile application is ready 

for Android. Available in GitHub.  

 Testing of Prototype to start in Q4 2017 

 Refer roadmap for more detail on 

platform readiness and rollout. 

  

PLATFORM PARTNERS 

Business 
Model 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  17 
 

 

Roadmap 

` 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Research Nester states 

“The Global Internet of Things (IoT) market 

reached USD 598.2 Billion in 2015 and the market 

is expected to reach USD 724.2 Billion by 2023. 

Further, the market is projected to register a 

CAGR of 13.2% during the forecast period 2016-

2023 globally”  

Research Nester states 

“The Global Internet of Things (IoT) market 

reached USD 598.2 Billion in 2015 and the market 

is expected to reach USD 724.2 Billion by 2023. 

Further, the market is projected to register a 

CAGR of 13.2% during the forecast period 2016-

2023 globally”  

As for any software platform, we need to 

innovate and improve the functionality of the 

Hurify platform further as we move along. The 

Hurify team is committed to this dream for 

Hurify.  

The Hurify platform will evolve into full 

functionality over the next 18 months and 

beyond. Many new blockchain innovations will 

get rolled into our platform features. A high-

level snapshot of Hurify platform has been 

presented below. All platform features will be 

rolled into Ethereum Testnet for testing and 

then promoted to Ethereum Main net.  

 

 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  18 
 

CROWDSALE 

The announcement of the actual schedule for the HUR Token Pre-Sale and Hurify Token Crowd Sale 

will be on the Hurify community channels. 

1. Platform Website:  platform.hurify.co 

2. Tokensale Website:  platform.hurify.co  

3. Twitter:  twitter.com/Hurify_hur 

4. Linkedin:  linkedin.com/company/11281157 

5. Facebook:  facebook.com/hurify 

6. GitHub:  github.com/HurifyPlatform/Hurify 

7. Reddit:  reddit.com/user/Hurify 

8. Slack:  hurify.slack.com 

9. Blog:  medium.com/@Hurify  

10. Telegram:  https://t.me/hurifyico 

11. YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcdoOI2eF06j1W_E6tgs3uw  

12. Bitcointalk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=1244776   

The initial distribution of HUR will be through the Pre-Sale. HUR may be purchased during the Token 

Pre-Sale, under the terms and conditions at an expected distribution of 6500 HUR per Ether during 

token crowd sale period. One can purchase HUR by sending Ether or other listed Crypto currencies to 

the Crowd sale token contract according to our instructions. 

Hurify Token Pre-Sale Summary 

During the Hurify Token Pre-Sale, the Smart contract will allocate Discount as per the below details: 

 Start date:     15-Dec-2017 

 End date:       21-Dec-2017 

 Number of HUR Tokens offered in Pre-Sale:   7,500,000 

The Second distribution of HUR will be through the Crowdsale. HUR may be purchased during the 

Crowd sale under the terms and conditions at an expected distribution of 5500 HUR per Ether. One 

can purchase HUR by sending Ether to the Crowd sale token contract according to our instructions. 

Hurify Token Crowd Sale Summary 

During the Hurify Token Crowd sale, the Smart contract will allocate Discount as per the below details: 

 Start date:     01-Feb-2018 

 End date:       28-Feb-2018 

 Base Price:      5500 HUR/ETH 

 01-Feb to 07-Feb (20% DISCOUNT)     6600 HUR/ETH 

 08-Feb to 14-Feb (15% DISCOUNT)     6325 HUR/ETH 

http://platform.hurify.co/
file:///C:/Users/tatarao/Documents/Hurify/platform.hurify.co
http://twitter.com/Hurify_hur
http://linkedin.com/company/11281157
http://facebook.com/hurify
http://github.com/HurifyPlatform/Hurify
http://reddit.com/user/Hurify
http://hurify.slack.com/
http://medium.com/@Hurify
https://t.me/hurifyico
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcdoOI2eF06j1W_E6tgs3uw
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=1244776


© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  19 
 

 15-Feb to 21-Feb (10% DISCOUNT)    6050 HUR/ETH 

 22-Feb to 28-Feb (5% DISCOUNT)     5775 HUR/ETH 

 Soft Cap :       10,000 ETH 

 Hard Cap:       25,000 ETH 

 Minimum Ether per transaction:     0.5 ETH 

 Minimum Tokens in ICO :       55,000,000 HUR 

 Total Tokens IN ICO :            151,250,000 HUR 

 Total Circulation:      273,125,000 HUR 

 

Initial HUR Supply Distribution 

The overall initial distribution of HUR will be as follows: 

 60% for Crowd sale purchasers. 

 10% for Marketing and promotion distributed to the HURIFY  

 10% for Reward for Developer Community  

 10% for Team / Founder  

 10% for Treasury 

Smart Contract Guidelines 

Before the Crowd sale: 

 Any Ether (ETH) or listed crypto currencies sent to the Escrow Wallets will be rejected. 

 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  20 
 

During the Crowd sale: 

 Any Ether or listed crypto currencies sent to the Escrow Wallets according to our instructions 

will result in an allocation of HUR to the purchaser. 

 Transfer of HUR back to contract address is not allowed. 

After the Crowd sale:  

 Users may transfer HUR to another address. 

 The Crowd sale token contract creates additional tokens to arrive at the token supply 

distribution. 

The Hurify Token Smart contract is under deployment. However, you can expect upgraded releases of 

the token contract adding core features and improvements.  

SECURITY AUDIT 

Hurify is committed to ensuring the security of its platform. With each product release on the 

Mainnet, Hurify commits to performing a security audit with both internal and external reviewers. 

Additionally, there will be a Bug Bounty program that rewards developers for finding security and 

other related issues. 

ERC20 Token Standard 

After the DAO hack that resulted in the loss of the Ethereum sent to Smart Contract during the 

crowdsale Ethereum implemented the security standard call ERC20.  Hurify Crowdsale Smart Contract 

implements all the recommended ERC20 standards that provide improved security for Smart Contract 

and Token administration.  

 

FUNDING DISTRIBUTION 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  21 
 

DISCLAIMER  

NOT AN OFFER TO SOLICIT SECURITIES AND RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH HUR AND THE HURIFY 

APPLICATION  

Last Updated September 01, 2017  

This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to 

sell shares or securities in Hurify Inc. or any related or associated company. Any such offer or 

solicitation would only be made by a confidential offering memorandum and in accordance with 

applicable securities and other laws. None of the information or analyses presented are intended to 

form the basis for any investment decision, and no specific recommendations are intended. 

Accordingly, this document does not constitute investment advice or counsel or solicitation for 

investment in any security. This document does not constitute or form part of, and should not be 

construed as, any offer for sale or subscription of, or any invitation to offer to buy or subscribe for, 

any securities, nor should it or any part of it form the basis of, or be relied on in any connection with, 

any contract or commitment whatsoever. Hurify expressly disclaims all responsibility for any direct or 

consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from (i) reliance on 

any information contained in this document, (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such 

information or (iii) any action resulting therefrom.  

The Hurify token, or “HUR”, is a cryptographic token used by the Hurify application.  

HUR is not a Cryptocurrency at the time of this writing, (i) except for being used to place ads on the 

Hurify platform, HUR cannot be exchanged for goods or services, (ii) HUR has no known uses outside 

the Hurify application, and (iii) HUR cannot be traded on any known exchanges.  

There is no guarantee that HUR will increase in value. HUR may decrease in value. Those who do not 

actually use their HUR honestly and fairly may lose their right to use HUR.  

HUR is not evidence of ownership or right to control. Controlling HUR does not grant its controller 

ownership or equity in Hurify, or the Hurify application. HUR does not grant any right to participate in 

the control, direction or decision making of Hurify or the Hurify application. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  22 
 

RISK DISCLOSURES  

1) Risk of Losing Access to HUR Due to Loss of Credentials The purchaser’s HUR may be associated with a 

Hurify account until they are distributed to the purchaser. The Hurify account can only be accessed with 

login credentials selected by the purchaser. The loss of these credentials will result in the loss of HUR. Best 

practices dictate that purchasers safely store credentials in one or more backup locations geographically 

separated from the working location.  

2) Risks Associated with the Ethereum Protocol . HUR and the Hurify application are based on the 

Ethereum protocol. As such, any malfunction, unintended function, unexpected functioning of or attack on 

the Ethereum protocol may cause the Hurify application or HUR to malfunction or function in an 

unexpected or unintended manner. Ether, the native unit of account of the Ethereum protocol may itself 

lose value in ways like HUR, and other ways. More information about the Ethereum protocol is available at 

http://www.ethereum.org.  

3) Risks Associated with Purchaser Credentials  Any third party that gains access to or learns of the 

purchaser’s login credentials or private keys may be able to dispose of the purchaser’s HUR. To minimize 

this risk, the purchaser should guard against unauthorized access to their electronic devices.  

4) Risk of Unfavorable Regulatory Action in One or More Jurisdictions Blockchain technologies have been 

the subject of scrutiny by various regulatory bodies around the world. The functioning of the Hurify 

application and HUR could be impacted by one or more regulatory inquiries or actions, including the 

licensing of or restrictions on the use, sale, or possession of digital tokens like HUR, which could impede, 

limit or end the development of the Hurify application.  

5) Risk of Alternative, Unofficial Hurify Application Following the Crowd sale and the development of the 

initial version of the HUR platform, it is possible that alternative applications could be established, which 

use the same open source code and protocol underlying the Hurify application. The official Hurify 

application may compete with these alternative, unofficial HUR based applications, which could potentially 

negatively impact the Hurify application and HUR, including its value.  

6) Risk of Insufficient Interest in the Hurify Application or Distributed Applications It is possible that the 

Hurify application will not be used by many businesses, individuals, and other organizations and that there 

will be limited public interest in the creation and development of distributed applications. Such a lack of 

interest could negatively impact HUR and the Hurify application.  

7) Risk that the Hurify Application, As Developed, Will Not Meet the Expectations of Hurify or the 

Purchaser The Hurify application is presently under development and may undergo significant changes 

before release. Any expectations or assumptions regarding the form and functionality of the Hurify 

application or HUR (including participant behavior) held by Hurify or the purchaser may not be met upon 

release, for any number of reasons including mistaken assumptions or analysis, a change in the design and 

implementation plans and execution of the Hurify application.  

8) Risk of Theft and Hacking Hackers or other groups or organizations or countries may attempt to 

interfere with the Hurify application or the availability of HUR in any number of ways, including service 

attacks, Sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, or consensus based attacks.  



© Hurify 2018. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                  23 
 

9) Risk of Security Weaknesses in the Hurify Application Core Infrastructure Software.  The Hurify 

application software is based on open source software. There is a risk that the Hurify team or other third 

parties may intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructural 

elements of the Hurify application interfering with the use of or causing the loss of HUR.  

10) Risk of Weaknesses or Exploitable Breakthroughs in the Field of Cryptography Advances in 

cryptography, or technical advances such as the development of quantum computers, could present risks 

to cryptocurrencies and the Hurify platform, which could result in the theft or loss of HUR.  

11) Risk of HUR Mining Attacks 

As with other decentralized cryptographic tokens and cryptocurrencies, the blockchain used for the Hurify 

application is susceptible to mining attacks, including double spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, 

“selfish mining” attacks, and race condition attacks. Any successful attacks present a risk to the Hurify 

application, HUR, and expected proper execution and sequencing of Ethereum contract computations. 

Despite the efforts of the Hurify team, the risk of known or novel mining attacks exists.  

12) Risk of Lack of Adoption or Use of the Hurify  

Application While HUR should not be viewed as an investment; it may have value over time. That value may 

be limited if the Hurify application lacks use and adoption. If this becomes the case, there may be few or 

no markets following the launch of the platform, potentially having an adverse impact on HUR.  

13) Risk of an Illiquid Market for HUR  

There very well may never be a secondary market for HUR. There are currently no exchanges upon which 

HUR would trade. If ever exchanges do develop, they will likely be relatively new and subject to poorly 

understood regulatory oversight. They may therefore be more exposed to fraud and failure than 

established, regulated exchanges for other products and have a negative impact on HUR.  

14) Risk of Uninsured Losses Unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, funds 

held using the Hurify application or Ethereum network are generally uninsured. In the event of any loss, 

there is no public insurer, such as the FDIC, or private insurer, to offer recourse to the purchaser.  

15) Risk of Dissolution of the Hurify Project It is possible that, due to any number of reasons, including an 

unfavorable fluctuation in the value of Ether, development issues with the Hurify application, the failure of 

business relationships, or competing intellectual property claims, the Hurify project may no longer be 

viable as a business or otherwise and may dissolve or fail to launch.  

16) Risk of Malfunction in the Hurify Application It is possible that the Hurify application malfunctions in an 

unfavorable way, including one that results in the loss of HUR.  

17) Unanticipated Risks Cryptographic tokens are a new and untested technology. In addition to the risks 

discussed in this White Paper, there are risks that the Hurify team cannot anticipate.  

Further risks may materialize as unanticipated combinations or variations of the discussed risks or the 

emergence of new risks. 

 


