






















HYCON WHITEPAPER v1.21 
INFINITY PROJECT 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



 

ABSTRACT 3 

INTRODUCTION 4 

DISCUSSION OF EXISTING BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGIES 5 
Throughput 5 
Latency 6 
Size and Bandwidth 6 
Security 6 
Wasted Resources 7 
Usability 7 
Versioning, Hard Forks, and Multiple Chains 8 

INFINITY PROJECT - CORE GOALS 10 
Core Goal 1 -  Market Need Identification 10 
Core Goal 2 - Flexible Currency 11 
Core Goal 3 -  User-Centric Platform 11 
Core Goal 4 -  Flexible Innovation 11 
Core Goal 5 -  Secure Decentralized Exchange 12 

HYCON TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 13 
Genesis Block 13 
Hashing Algorithms 13 
Consensus - SPECTRE Protocol 13 

Voting Rules 13 
Application of SPECTRE Protocol to Example DAGs 15 

Example Case - A Double Spend 15 
DAG Versus Blockchain 17 
INFINITY SPECTRE Implementation 17 

Network Infrastructure - Node.js, Typescript 18 
Serialization - Protocol Buffers 18 
Mining 18 

Overview 18 
Mining Process in Detail 19 
Stratum Integration & XMRig 19 

Wallets & Accounts 19 
HYCON Wallet GUI 19 
HYCON Wallet 20 
Accounts & Balances 20 

Synchronisation 20 

CONCLUSIONS 21 

REFERENCES 22 

APPENDIX A - GENESIS BLOCK 25 

1 



 

Discussion 25 
Contents of HYCON Genesis Block 26 

APPENDIX B - Coin DISTRIBUTION & BUDGET ALLOCATION 27 
Coin Distribution 27 
Budget Allocation 29 

 

  

2 



 

ABSTRACT 
This paper begins by outlining the vision of the Infinity Project, which is planned for a 3                 
phase roll-out: 1) the ‘HYCON’ coin 2) the open-source Infinity Platform for customizable             
enterprise blockchain solutions, and 3) a decentralized cryptocurrency exchange platform.          
However, this whitepaper’s main objective is to provide a detailed analysis of ‘HYCON’, a              
fast and secure cryptocurrency that makes use of the SPECTRE protocol to enable high              
transaction speeds while maintaining security. Identified herein are a sample of the            
challenges and limitations of many existing cryptocurrencies and solutions proposed by the            
HYCON coin. Additionally, the technical specifications of HYCON will be introduced, as well             
as a brief discussion of SPECTRE and its implementation in this project. 

 

  

3 



 

INTRODUCTION 
“...cash, after millennia as one of mankind’s most versatile and enduring technologies, looks set 
over the next 15 years or so finally to melt away into an electronic stream of ones and zeros.” 

The Economist (2007)  
 
In today’s world of electronic and mobile banking, money is transforming from something             
tangible, held in one’s hand, into digital numbers that are moved around the Internet. In this                
environment, it was a natural progression for new forms of currency to emerge, which exist               
only as cryptographically secured strings of digital code, known as ‘cryptocurrency’. This            
digital currency revolution began in 2008 when the still anonymous Satoshi Nakamoto            
published the Bitcoin whitepaper [19].  
 
Today, new cryptocurrencies are released on an almost daily basis, sharing one unifying             
concept: the underlying technological architecture that is the blockchain. 
 
A blockchain itself is a shared public ledger of transactions that records and maintains that               
record of all transactions made on the system - from the genesis of the first block until the                  
present moment. The ledger - the blockchain defined above - is built using a linked list, or                 
chain of blocks, where each block contains a certain number of transactions that were              
validated by the network in a specific timespan. 
 
The Infinity Project will introduce a new cryptocurrency called HYCON, designed to address             
some of the challenges faced by existing blockchain technologies. What follows is an outline              
of the existing state of blockchain development with a focus on the problems that need to be                 
addressed, the goals of the Infinity Project itself, how HYCON proposes overcoming existing             
blockchain limitations, and the technical specifications of HYCON.  

  

4 



 

DISCUSSION OF EXISTING BLOCKCHAIN 
TECHNOLOGIES 
For the purposes of this discussion, the Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains will be the focus               
as they are the most widely used and well studied implementations of blockchain technology              
to date. 
 
A useful reference point for examining blockchain technology is the work of Yli-Huomo et              
al.[31]. Presented therein is a comprehensive summary of recent work on blockchain            
technology and the limitations inherent to a blockchain based system. While their research             
was focused entirely on papers discussing the bitcoin blockchain, the findings presented are             
broadly applicable for the purposes of this discussion. The key discussion metrics used were              
drawn from Swan [29] and again, these are applicable here. 
 
This research highlights seven limitations of current blockchain systems: 

- Throughput 
- Latency 
- Size and Bandwidth 
- Security 
- Wasted Resources 
- Usability 
- Versioning, Hard Forks, and Multiple Chains 

Throughput 
A representative blockchain such as Bitcoin takes 10 minutes or longer to confirm             
transactions, achieving 7 transactions per second maximum throughput, with current          
transaction rates in the region of 4 per second. Ethereum can process 10 or more               
transactions per second, with confirmation times approximately 10 times faster than those            
found on the bitcoin network. However, benchmarking the current throughput capacity of            
these blockchains against the VISA network is a useful comparison to understand current             
limitations of these blockchains: the VISA network can verify transactions in seconds,            
process 2000 transactions per second on average, and features a maximum capacity of             
65,000 transactions per second.[30] As can be seen by these metrics, there is still a large                
discrepancy in the throughput of today’s most used blockchain networks when compared to             
traditional, centralised payment networks like VISA. 
 
A primary factor limiting the throughput of blockchain networks is the latency between nodes.              
While there have been some promising attempts to address this problem, such as the              
lightning network [22] due to be adopted by Bitcoin, and the Raiden network [23] that is                
already running as a micro version on the Ethereum blockchain, consensus has yet to be               
reached on a viable, long-term solution. 

5 



 

Latency 
As mentioned above, latency and throughput go hand in hand as limiting factors, because              
the maximum throughput of a network is limited by the latency between nodes. If there is a                 
high latency between nodes, the risk of mining on an old block is increased. On the Bitcoin                 
network, for example, the average time taken for a block to propagate to 50% of the nodes is                  
just under 2 seconds, with 90% of nodes reached after approximately 13 seconds (as of               
April 2017) [4]. For Ethereum, the average time for propagation to 50% of nodes is less than                 
1 second, with 90% of nodes reached in approximately 10 seconds [11].  
 
For Bitcoin, the ratio of the block mining time to the network propagation time is large,                
meaning that latency between nodes does not act as a large limiting factor. With Ethereum’s               
shorter inter-block time, the wasted time could be more problematic, but Ethereum uses an              
algorithm based on the GHOST protocol [27] to incentivise mining on the longest chain              
instead of attempting to continue to mine on parallel chains that were created due to high                
latency, or low inter-block times. 

Size and Bandwidth 
There are two considerations that must be addressed in a discussion regarding size and              
bandwidth: the physical data that represents the full blockchain, and the size of individual              
blocks being sent over the network. With the requirement that a ​full-node, ​which can mine               
new blocks and interact with the blockchain network, must maintain a local copy of the entire                
blockchain, it is clear that the storage capacity required to maintain this local ledger is               
directly proportional to the number of blocks on the chain, thus leading to a risk of much                 
higher centralization if the blockchain becomes so large that only a few nodes are able to                
process a block [15]. In addition, when transaction volume starts to push the limits of the                
available bandwidth, coupled with a hard-cap imposed by the block size, mining fees can              
increase significantly, which could lead to changes in the core protocols to allow for greater               
transaction volume: i.e. larger block sizes, or shorter block times. In this eventuality, a hard               
fork, which is generally considered undesirable, would be required to make the necessary             
protocol upgrades. 

Security 
One of the biggest selling points of POW blockchains as a technology is the fact that they                 
are very difficult to hack. In order for a fraudulent user to alter an entry that is already                  
present on the blockchain, they would need to redo the proof of work for that block as well as                   
all subsequent blocks that reference it. The computational resources needed to successfully            
perform an attack of this nature is equal to the hashing power of 51% of the network, hence                  
the name, “51% attack”. However, this is an unlikely prospect as the mining benefits of               
possessing 51% of the network would outweigh those to be gained by acting fraudulently. 
 
A second method of attack is referred to as a Sybil Attack, where a fraudulent entity creates                 
multiple fraudulent identities for use on the network, which then try to subvert the network to                
their advantage. In a POW based system, such as Bitcoin, your ability to influence the               

6 



 

network is determined by how much hash power you use to find new blocks. Pretending to                
be two miners would require the hash power to be divided, resulting in no advantage. 
 
There are, however, other ways to attack user funds on a blockchain network. Often, users               
rely on the safe storage of their private keys by centralized exchanges, which, if              
compromised, can provide an attacker with access to their wallets, and by extension, their              
cryptocurrency.  
 
Another security risk in the blockchain space is found in the implementation of             
smart-contracts ​that feature coding errors. A particularly well-known and successful          
exploitation of a smart contract occurred on June 17, 2016 and is now colloquially known as                
the “DAO attack”, wherein an attacker was able to use a small flaw in the code that executed                  
the smart contract to obtain an estimated $50~60 million worth of ether, an event that               
eventually led to the controversial hard fork that split the Ethereum network in two, creating               
Ethereum Classic. [2]  

Wasted Resources 
The electrical and by extension environmental impact of the bitcoin blockchain is            
considerably large. At current estimates, 249 kWh of electricity is required to validate a              
single transaction, with upwards of 32 TWh used by miners annually to continually add new               
blocks to the Bitcoin blockchain.[6] While the figures involved are lower for Ethereum, the              
energy outlay, and thus environmental impact, is still massive.[7] In fact, if you were to               
combine the amount of energy used to protect the Bitcoin and Ethereum networks, there              
would be enough to power the country of New Zealand for a year. There are currently                
movements away from proof of work blockchains, with Ethereum being the most prominent             
proponent for a move towards proof of stake.  

Usability 
On the Bitcoin blockchain, transactions are published as part of a block approximately every              
10 minutes, and it is standard to wait up to 50 minutes or more after each transaction has                  
been published, to allow for subsequent verification. Taking a real-world example, this would             
be analogous to attempting to pick up groceries from a store and then having to wait in line                  
for an hour while your payment is processed. For real-time application to a real-world use               
case, this is clearly unacceptable. 
 
A second, more nuanced concern with Bitcoin, and the majority of currently available             
cryptocurrencies, is the concept of anonymity, or pseudonymity as is the common case.             
Transactions are public and shared by all participants on the blockchain. For transactions             
where discretion is required, this is not always desirable as the data could be examined,               
allowing algorithms to extract transaction data from a user’s “private” transactions. To again             
use a real world example for illustrative purposes, suppose a user sends money to their               
mother; based on the transaction information, it is possible to see: 1) How much bitcoin has                
been sent and received by each user now and throughout the entire history of those               
particular addresses, 2) The balances of both addresses at any given time in history, and 3)                
To which other addresses each user has sent funds to or received funds from. Essentially,               

7 



 

senders and recipients of transactions can see the financial history of the other, and could               
even have the ability to know what was bought, what was gambled on, or even which entity                 
received ‘anonymous’ support, once you are able to link a particular address to an individual.               
As the American FBI has proven several times now, Bitcoin is not truly anonymous. For               
many users, financial transparency is perhaps one of the largest disadvantages of using             
Bitcoin, however, researchers are working on fixing this problem with solutions such as             
zkSNARKS [24] (zero-knowledge cryptography), which is a privacy mechanism built into           
ZCash, and added to Ethereum with the Metropolis (Byzantine) upgrade.  

Versioning, Hard Forks, and Multiple Chains 
The primary problem of forking on a blockchain is one of loss of consensus and security.                
Take the hyperbolical example of a severely bloated blockchain which makes use of 100%              
of the computing power available in the universe, and a contrasting example wherein 100              
competing chains each possess 1% of the available computing power.  
 
In the case of the first example, a 51% attack would truly require 51% of the computing                 
power available in order to overtake the chain maintained by honest nodes, however in the               
fragmented case, only 0.51% of the computing power available in the universe would be              
required to corrupt any individual chain.  
 
Blockchains rely on consensus being maintained by having the combined computational           
power of honest nodes outweigh the power available to malicious ones. With a             
fragmentation of the chain and reduced computational power being applied to each fork, an              
attack has more chance of being successful, with a lower entry point in terms of resources                
required to be met. 
 
Hard forks are another generally undesirable outcome that often result from a loss of              
protocol consensus. Ideological differences between different stakeholders within a given          
blockchain ecosystem can lead to a split, or a fork of the chain, with well-known examples                
being the breakaway of Bitcoin Cash due to Bitcoin’s scaling issues and inability to be used                
as a fast and cheap means of electronic cash and the previously referenced Ethereum              
Classic, which forked away from Ethereum on the philosophical basis of blockchain            
immutability. However, hard forks are not always contentious and often come about through             
changes in core protocols of a blockchain system, such as with Ethereum’s 2017 Metropolis              
upgrade. After a hard fork, the overall hash power that was applied to the original chain may                 
still be there, however in the case of an ideological hard fork, it is then split between two                  
competing chains, leaving them possibly less secure and more vulnerable to attack. 
 
 

  

  
8 



 

INFINITY PROJECT - CORE GOALS 
During the formation of the Infinity Project we asked the following 2 key questions: 

 

✓ Given current limitations of existing cryptocurrencies, what are the needs and 
wants of the market and how can we provide solutions? 
✓ What properties are necessary for a cryptocurrency to be widely adopted and 
integrated into the wider economy? 

 
With these questions in mind, we conducted a thorough analysis of existing blockchains -              
including Bitcoin, Ethereum, and a variety of promising Altcoins - to uncover the strengths              
and weaknesses of each project. However, it was difficult to find a project that perfectly               
aligned with our initial questions posed above.  

  
Therefore, the Infinity Project team began researching new technologies and algorithms           
that were more suitable for mass, real-world adoption, to help us meet our goals. At the                
same time, we started to design the basic framework of the Infinity Project, and formulated               
the following 5 core goals: 
  

INFINITY PROJECT CORE GOALS 
1. Identify actual market needs for a cryptocurrency 
2. Develop a cryptocurrency that is flexible  
3. Create user-centric blockchain platform 
4. Develop an ecosystem that promotes sustainable innovation  
5. Investigate methods for a decentralized cryptocurrency exchange 

Core Goal 1 -  Market Need Identification 
Although many blockchain projects have gained mainstream attention and recognition          
recently, no cryptocurrency has penetrated digital commerce on a global scale. More            
precisely, a great divide still exists between most crypto projects and real world solutions.              
Cryptocurrency acceptance and adoption is currently limited to a very small group of online              
merchants and a handful of other services, making it infeasible to completely rely on Bitcoin               
or any other currently available cryptocurrency as the de facto digital currency of choice. 

  

To help overcome this and issue and expedite use cases and adoption, it is useful to work                 
jointly with experts in a given field or community, along with developers, in order to drive the                 
development of a successful, market-friendly currency that best serves all users. 
  
Therefore, to answer one of the two key questions posed by our Infinity Project team, "What                
is the user-centered currency that the market wants?", we must define the core blockchain              

9 



 

technology required in order to find a mutually desirable solution from both a market and               
development standpoint. This led the Infinity Project team to conclude that the first key              
success factor (KSF) when developing our new cryptocurrency is to design and implement it              
based on the premise of providing practical solutions that the market needs.  

Core Goal 2 - Flexible Currency 
The Infinity Project team decided to step away from traditional viewpoints of monolithic             
monetary development present in many existing encryption projects, and introduce the           
concept of a flexible implementation platform that can incorporate various monetary models. 

  
By extension, this led to the creation of our "Hyper-connected Coin" (HYCON), which from its               
very beginnings, was designed to be fast, cheap, scalable, and safe, and thus ready for               
adoption and usage in a variety of real-world situations. 
 
The underlying Infinity blockchain that it's built upon has been designed with an             
interchangeable, modular structure, which will facilitate the easy adoption and alteration of            
the underlying technology to suit specific needs. 

Core Goal 3 -  User-Centric Platform 
Arguably, one of the most important parts of the paradigm shift that Bitcoin ignited is the                
facilitation of a secure, decentralized exchange of value electronically - one that is open to               
all, and opened the door to the once unrealistic notion of making payments without banks.  
 
However, a steep learning curve from the conceptual level down to the actual UI and UX of                 
most cryptocurrencies is one of the key hurdles currently hampering greater adoption. The             
Infinity Project seeks to reduce these barriers to entry by providing a more straightforward              
and user-friendly platform, in addition to an intuitive wallet and exchange platform interface.             
Ultimately, our goal is to allow more people to harness the paradigm-shifting power of              
blockchain technology.  

Core Goal 4 -  Flexible Innovation 
One of the most important aspects considered during the development of the Infinity Project              
was how to help more people, businesses, governments, NGOs, etc., harness the power of              
blockchain technology. Thus, our Infinity Project team is researching the implementation of            
the Infinity Platform, which is a flexible blockchain platform concept that evolved from the              
study of various other existing blockchains, platforms, and cryptocurrencies. 
  
The goal of our Infinity Platform research is to create a platform that is intuitive to use and                  
one that can be implemented in various ways. Example use cases for the Infinity Platform               
include: implementing a secure cryptocurrency based on HYCON that is fast and cheap to              
use as a means to to exchange value; the creation of decentralized corporate ledgers to               
enhance information security and facilitate more efficient data storage and transmission; and            
adding cryptographic security to stock exchanges. Potential use cases and innovations built            

10 



 

with the Infinity Platform are vast, and can adapt to offer potential users the flexibility to                
create the blockchain solution they need.  

Core Goal 5 -  Secure Decentralized Exchange 
An active area of research for the Infinity Project is giving users the ability to exchange                
different cryptocurrencies in a decentralized manner. Current exchanges rely on          
centralization to cheaply and quickly trade cryptocurrencies, however this centralization          
requires users to entrust their fiat and cryptocurrency holdings to the exchange.  
 
Unfortunately, the source code that powers these exchanges is often not publicly available             
for review, despite the huge volumes of transactions that pass through these exchanges.             
Globally, there have been multiple incidents where exchanges have had their user’s            
cryptocurrencies stolen by malicious actors. The centralization of user funds and information            
existing on exchanges today will continue making these companies targets. 
 
As part of the Infinity Project’s future research, we intend to integrate the concept of atomic                
swaps into Hycon to allow for our currency to become a true medium of exchange. Through                
HYCON, multiple other cryptocurrencies will be tradable, and transaction fees will be            
distributed to the miners who protect the network. Atomic swaps will allow HYCON to be held                
in escrow pending the proof of payment of another cryptocurrency, and thus facilitate             
trustless P2P trading of HYCON and other cryptocurrencies.  

11 



 

HYCON TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 
 

Characteristic Specification 

Hash Function Cryptonight & Blake 2b 

Consensus Protocol SPECTRE 

Chain Structure Directed Acyclic Graph(DAG) 

Block Speed 1000ms 

Mining Method PoW 

Genesis Block 
The HYCON Genesis Block was published on January 4th, 2018, at 3:15am KST (GMT+9). 
It is available to be viewed on GitHub as part of Team Hycon’s repository[36]. For more 
information about the Genesis Block, please see Appendix A.  

Hashing Algorithms 
The first version of this document cited Blake2b as the only hash function being used as part                 
of the HYCON system. However, due to recent developments in ASIC technology[38], it was              
decided to move away from the Blake-2b hash and to instead use the ASIC resistant hash                
Cryptonight, which is also employed by Monero. What makes Cryptonight interesting is that it              
uses pseudorandom memory read/write operations as part of its hashing operation. This            
leads to performance being loosely comparable whether on a CPU or GPU, while also              
rendering it incompatible with standard ASIC architecture.  

Consensus - SPECTRE Protocol 
In contrast to the Nakamoto protocol used for consensus on the Bitcoin blockchain, HYCON              
implements a protocol called SPECTRE to maintain consensus [26]. SPECTRE generalises           
a blockchain into the form of a directed acyclic graph(DAG) by employing a voting algorithm               
between pairs of blocks in order to specify their order in a pairwise manner, i.e. block x                 
should be applied before block y or block y should be applied before block x. While a full                  
description of the SPECTRE protocol is beyond the scope of this whitepaper, a basic outline               
of the voting rules is provided below. 

Voting Rules 
In order to discuss the voting rules in SPECTRE, it is useful to refer to a visual                 
representation of the process. It should also be noted that no votes are communicated              

12 



 

between nodes and there is no need to explicitly participate in a vote. Rather votes come                
from blocks and the way in which they vote is implied from the structure of the DAG. 
 
The criteria used in the voting process in SPECTRE are as follows; 
The important terms to be noted are and , which designate the blocks that       ast(x)p  uture(x)f       
are reachable from , and the blocks which reference as an antecedent respectively.   x       x      
More specifically, block  is in  if  is in . i.e.y uture(x)f x ast(y)p   

uture(x) ast(y)y ∈ f ⇔ x∈ p  
It should also be noted that the virtual block, designated , is a hypothetical block          irtual(G)v      
that has the entire DAG as its past. 
 
For some block designated ​z ​voting on some other blocks designated​ x ​and​ y​: 

1. If  is in  but not in  then it will vote in favour of .z uture(x)f uture(y)f x  
2. If is in and the vote will be determined recursively based on the z    uture(x)f   uture(y)f           

prospective vote of a virtual block with a past equal to ast(z)p  
3. If is not in or , then the vote will be decided by the majority vote z     uture(x)f   uture(y)f            

from the set of blocks designated by uture(z)f  
4. If is a virtual block with i.e. its past = the entire DAG, it will vote in z       ast(V irtual(G))p             

accordance with the majority vote of the DAG. 
5. For the cases or , the block will vote for itself to be correct, provided that   z = x   z = y             

 is not in , or vice versa.y uture(x)f  
 
 

 

  

13 



 

Application of SPECTRE Protocol to Example DAGs 
To best illustrate the application of SPECTRE, it is useful to work through an example of the                 
protocol in action step by step and provide snapshots of the state of the voting process as it                  
proceeds. This particular example is drawn directly from the SPECTRE whitepaper. [25] 

Example Case - A Double Spend 
Take the simplest possible case where a block ​A ​contains a transaction ​t1 and a second                
block ​B contains a conflicting transaction ​t2​. These conflicts could be malicious, or merely              
caused by latency between nodes leading to transactions being published twice, such that             
two miners are collecting the same transaction fee. Depending on the structure of the DAG               
the result of this double spend will be resolved differently as the two blocks will have differing                 
pasts and futures.  
 
The initial case for this example looks as follows with blocks A and B being published at                 
approximately the same time as block 5.  

 
At this stage the system is unaware of the double spend, as no subsequent blocks have                
been published referencing both of the conflicting blocks. However, as the structure of the              
DAG develops and more blocks are added, the double spend is discovered and the structure               
of the DAG will be analysed to determine which block takes precedent. 

 

14 



 

 
In the above diagram, block 12 is the first block published with reference to the double spend                 
between A and B. Following the rules listed above, the votes can be counted as follows.                
Blocks 6, 7, and 8 all vote for block A, because block B is not present in their past. Similarly,                    
the votes of blocks 9, 10 and 11 are for B, for the same reason. 

 
Block 12 votes based on a recursive call over its past. As blocks 10 and 11 are not included                   
in , they are not considered when determining block 12’s vote. The voting area for ast(12)p               
block 12 is shown below. 

 
 
 
Blocks 1-5 are not in the sets of blocks or , so they will vote the same as         uture(A)f   uture(B)f         
the majority of their futures. In the case of this recursive vote, these blocks all have more                 
votes for block A in their future and so also vote for block A. Block 12’s past contains 9 votes                    
for block A and 2 votes for block B, So block 12 will vote for block A. If there had been a tie,                       
Block 12 would break the tie deterministically so that all servers can agree on which way                

15 



 

block 12 votes. Since we only use to determine the vote of 12, its vote will never       ast(12)p            
change. 
 
The remainder of the voting process in the DAG is based on the future of the remaining                 
blocks. Once Block 12’s vote has been confirmed, Block 5 votes in favour of A because the                 
votes of 7, 8, and 12 outweigh the votes of 9 and 11. Block 4 sees votes for A from A, 5, 6,                       
7, 8, and 12, with blocks B, 9, 10, and 11 voting for B, thus Block 4 also votes for A. It is a                        
similar case for blocks 3, 2, and 1, which all cast their votes for A. Leading to a final vote tally                     
for this voting procedure of 10 votes in favour of A and 4 votes in favour of B.  

 
An interesting property of SPECTRE is that, especially in simple cases such as the one               
illustrated here, it replicates longest-chain selection models used in other blockchain           
technologies. Following the route from 1 -> 12 passing through A, and the same route but                
passing through B, it can be seen that the route 1->A->12 is longer than the route 1->B->12,                 
i.e. the longest chain wins.  

DAG Versus Blockchain 
The advantage of a DAG over a blockchain is primarily that it allows for shorter intervals                
between blocks, which in turn leads to higher transaction confirmation speeds. In contrast to              
currently existing blockchains, where newly mined blocks are chained on to the end of the               
blockchain by referencing the hash of the previous block, a new block to be added to the                 
DAG references the current tips of the DAG instead. This allows blocks to be published               
simultaneously from different nodes, without running the risk of forking the chain. As new              
blocks are permitted to have multiple antecedents, they can be added concurrently and thus              
miners can still reap the mining rewards without having to worry about their blocks being               
orphaned. Where problems occur is if nodes publish transactions that have been            
simultaneously published elsewhere, leading to possible double spends. Using SPECTRE, it           
is possible to achieve consensus about which transactions should be rejected without            
orphaning the entire block. 
 

16 



 

INFINITY SPECTRE Implementation 
The voting procedure in SPECTRE is quite a drain on resources, so its implementation              
needs to be carefully managed. Our initial prototype was written in Python for ease of               
development, however, the final version of the INFINITY SPECTRE implementation is to be             
written in language such as C, C++ or Rust, such that complete control over data structures                
and memory management is maintained allowing for better performance. 

Block “Height” and Chaining 
As can be gathered from a cursory glance at the DAG structure, the traditional idea of block                 
height as used in Bitcoin or Ethereum requires a slight semantic modification. In those              
representative blockchains, the height represents the number of blocks that have been            
chained on top of the genesis block. In HYCON the height is a more general descriptor                
representing the number of DAG layers above the genesis block the current block is. The               
calculation to be applied is quite simple. The height of the new block is one more than the                  
height of its highest parent. 
 
For any new block with set of Parents : B P  
 

eight(B) max(Height(p)) ; pH =  + 1  ∈ P  
 

Diagrammatically, this situation looks like the example provided below. Newly published           
blocks reference the highest available unreferenced blocks, and have a height set as one              
more than the highest referenced block. 

 

Network Infrastructure - Node.js, Typescript 
The advantage to using this setup for the system architecture is Node.js’ inbuilt support for               
asynchronous operations. Node.js allows for cross-platform “non-blocking evented I/O”,         
where individual components can wait for the results of operations outside of the flow of               
normal operation. The waiting components are only triggered and executed on the            

17 



 

occurrence of a certain event, such as a message being received from the network, or input                
from a user, allowing other code to execute during the waiting period. [20] 
The use of Typescript was decided upon due to the strong type checking that it enforces on                 
what is essentially Javascript. Using a typed version of Javascript allowed the development             
team to build a platform that takes advantage of the asynchronicity provided by Node.js              
while also making debugging a simpler process due to explicitly defined types. As the              
Typescript files require compiling before being run, many syntax and type errors can be              
caught easily at the compile stage, rather than by trawling through a maze of callbacks step                
by step in the debugging process as is common in Javascript applications. 

Serialization - Protocol Buffers 
In a blockchain system there are any number of messages flying around the network at any                
given time. It is important that the node software is able to decode that data in a consistent                  
and correct manner. The use of protocol buffers, which are developed by Google[14], allow              
for consistent message definitions that can be used across different platforms, to allow for              
nodes running the infinity blockchain to be developed in numerous programming languages.            
The serialization layer is language agnostic, which is highly useful for cross-platform            
applications. Protocol buffers also allow for backwards and forwards compatibility, increasing           
the chance that an update will only require a soft fork, rather than a hard fork. It is also                   
makes it easier for third party software to be compatible, allowing other developers to              
interact with the Hycon network. 

Mining 

Overview 
Publishing of a block will require proof of work, similar to the majority of existing               
cryptocurrencies. Miners will calculate the hash of the next block based on the hashes of the                
tips of the DAG, the merkle root of the transactions to be included in the block, and a nonce,                   
that will be altered until a hash that exceeds current difficulty is calculated. While the               
creators of SPECTRE state that 10 blocks per second is feasible using the protocol, HYCON               
will initially have a target of 1 block per second. Although the current prototype uses proof of                 
work, we are very aware of the large amount of electricity being used to secure the bitcoin                 
and ethereum networks, and are considering alternatives. One of the lesser-known methods            
that we are considering is Proof of Space[32], which requires miners to pre-compute and              
store large amounts of data, then search through the files for a solution that satisfies the                
current difficulty. This uses very little electricity and has been demonstrated to be effective              
by Burst coin and Space mint. 

Mining Process in Detail 
The initial stage of the mining process is the encoding and hashing of the contents of the                 
block header, which will not change as a result of the mining process. These contents are                
the references to the previous blocks, the Merkle root of the transactions to be contained               
within the block, the block target difficulty, the block timestamp, and the root of the               

18 



 

Merkle-Patricia Trie representing the current world state after the transactions in this            
block(see Wallets & Accounts section for more information). 

 
This data is hashed using the 64 Byte version of Blake 2b to provide an unchanging                
pre-hash to be furnished to a GPU or CPU miner. This step is necessary, particularly for                
GPU mining, as HYCON block headers have variable length due to multiple possible parent              
blocks. GPU mining software works best when furnished with a fixed length data structure so               
pre-hashing is necessary. The 64 byte header pre-hash is then combined with an 8 Byte               
nonce, that is incremented by one for each hash attempt using the Cryptonight hash              
algorithm. The combined header pre-hash and nonce are hashed together to return a 32              
byte hash representative of the block. This hash is then compared to the difficulty specified               
in the block header, and if the correct difficulty threshold is reached, the nonce is returned to                 
be included in the finished block header and published. 

Stratum Integration & XMRig 
HYCON makes use of the Stratum protocol to allow for support for GPU mining using a 
modified version of XMRig[39]. 

Mining Rewards 
On successful completion of the Proof of Work for a new block, the miner is rewarded with                 
HYCON. The mining process for HYCON is planned to last for 50 years. As a consequence                
of this drawn out timeline, as well as the high rate of block publication, the reward for                 
publishing a block is necessarily low, with a high volume of transaction fees likely to be a                 
higher revenue source than the specific reward from publishing a block.  

Wallets & Accounts 

HYCON Wallet GUI 
A full node running the HYCON software has access to a locally hosted web GUI allowing for                 
wallet operations, transactions, and blockchain exploration. The GUI was written using React            
to allow for a lightweight high-performance interface. 

HYCON Wallet 
HYCON wallets employ industry standard elliptic curve cryptography methods for transaction           
signing, specifically sep256k [33], as well as implementing mnemonic codes for wallet            

19 



 

recovery as specified by BIP 39 [40], to allow for ease of integration for third party wallet                 
providers. 
 

Accounts & Balances 
In order to keep track of the spending and balances of HYCON participants, it is necessary                
to implement an accounting model. The model chosen for use in HYCON is based on the                
one used in Ethereum and described in the Ethereum Yellow paper[34], a data structure              
called a Merkle Patricia Trie[35]. Each block contains the world state as a result of the                
publication of its contained set of transactions, the value of which is the hash of the merkle                 
patricia root representing the account data for all HYCON accounts.  
The account data that is stored is the balance of that particular account in HYCON, a                
reference to the most recent block referencing that particular account, and a nonce value              
representing how many transactions that particular account has initiated. The nonce value is             
used to protect against replay attacks, and the previous block reference is an optimisation to               
allow for quicker transaction history querying as well as easier tracking for SPECTRE in the               
case of a double spend. 
 

Synchronisation 
HYCON will employ a headers first approach to initial synchronisation with the network. On              
first startup, and subsequent startups thereafter a message is sent to connected peers             
asking for a number of headers with a block height subsequent to a certain block height (the                 
currently stored maximum block height in their local database). On receipt of those headers,              
the blocks are verified and if they are missing from the local database, the full block data is                  
requested from a connected peer. The received blocks are verified again on receipt and then               
added to the database if they are validated. As blocks can only be added to the database                 
once their parent blocks have been included this process is necessarily sequential.  
  

20 



 

CONCLUSIONS 
This whitepaper’s discussion began by exploring the limitations of existing cryptocurrencies,           
which was the basis for the entire Infinity Project. The vision of the Infinity Project is to                 
provide a fast, secure, scalable, and user-centric blockchain and cryptocurrency ecosystem           
available for mass adoption. Through the combination of the SPECTRE protocol and            
BLAKE-2b hashing algorithm, we have proposed a new cryptocurrency that is both safe and              
expedient. With the adoption of the methods elaborated herein, the HYCON cryptocurrency            
and Infinity Project offers a valuable and differentiated addition to the global cryptocurrency             
landscape. 

  

21 



 

REFERENCES 
[1] Blake2.net. (2017). BLAKE2. [online] Available at: https://blake2.net/ [Accessed 16 Oct. 2017]. 

[2] CoinDesk. (2016). Understanding The DAO Attack - CoinDesk. [online] Available at: 
https://www.coindesk.com/understanding-dao-hack-journalists/ [Accessed 20 Nov. 2017]. 

[3] Croman, K., Decker, C., Eyal, I., Gencer, A.E., Juels, A., Kosba, A., Miller, A., Saxena, P., Shi, E., 
Sirer, E.G. and Song, D., 2016, February. On scaling decentralized blockchains. In International 
Conference on Financial Cryptography and Data Security (pp. 106-125). Springer Berlin Heidelberg. 

[4] Decker, C. (2017). BitcoinStats. [online] Bitcoinstats.com. Available at: 
http://bitcoinstats.com/network/propagation/ [Accessed 10 Nov. 2017]. 

[5] Decker, C. and Wattenhofer, R., 2013, September. Information propagation in the bitcoin network. 
In Peer-to-Peer Computing (P2P), 2013 IEEE Thirteenth International Conference on (pp. 1-10). 
IEEE. 

[6] digiconomist.net. (2017). Bitcoin Energy Consumption. [online] Available at: 
https://digiconomist.net/bitcoin-energy-consumption [Accessed 16 Nov. 2017]. 

[7] Digiconomist. (2017). ​Ethereum Energy Consumption Index (beta) - Digiconomist​. [online] 
Available at: https://digiconomist.net/ethereum-energy-consumption [Accessed 8 Dec. 2017]. 

[8] The Economist. (2007). The end of the cash era. [online] Available at: 
http://www.economist.com/node/8702890 [Accessed 27 Sep. 2017]. 

[9] Ethereum Blog. (2014). Toward a 12-second Block Time - Ethereum Blog. [online] Available at: 
https://blog.ethereum.org/2014/07/11/toward-a-12-second-block-time/ [Accessed 27 Sep. 2017]. 

[10] Etherscan.io. (2017). Ethereum Average BlockSize Chart . [online] Available at: 
https://etherscan.io/chart/blocksize [Accessed 16 Nov. 2017]. 

[11] Ethstats.net. (2017). Ethereum Network Status. [online] Available at: https://ethstats.net/ 
[Accessed 16 Nov. 2017]. 

[12] Goland.org. (2017). How to make block chains strongly consistent – Stuff Yaron Finds Interesting. 
[online] Available at: http://www.goland.org/why_block_chains_are_strongly_consistent/ [Accessed 27 
Sep. 2017]. 

[13] Goland.org. (2017). The block chain and the CAP Theorem – Stuff Yaron Finds Interesting. 
[online] Available at: http://www.goland.org/blockchain_and_cap/ [Accessed 27 Sep. 2017]. 

[14] Google Developers. (2017). Protocol Buffers  |  Google Developers. [online] Available at: 
https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/ [Accessed 20 Oct. 2017]. 

[15] James-Lubin, K. (2015). Blockchain scalability. [online] O'Reilly Media. Available at: 
https://www.oreilly.com/ideas/blockchain-scalability [Accessed 16 Nov. 2017]. 

[16] Koteska, B., Karafilovski, E. and Mishev, A. (2017), Blockchain Implementation Quality 
Challenges: A Literature Review : Proceedings of the SQAMIA 2017: 6th Workshop of Software 
Quality, Analysis, Monitoring, Improvement, and Applications, Belgrade, Serbia, 11-13.9.2017. 

22 

https://www.kaspersky.com/blog/bitcoin-blockchain-issues/18019/


 

[17] Malanov.A, (2017). Six main disadvantages of Bitcoin and the blockchain. [online] 
Kaspersky.com. Available at: https://www.kaspersky.com/blog/bitcoin-blockchain-issues/18019/ 
[Accessed 16 Nov. 2017]. 

[18] Motherboard. (2017). One Bitcoin Transaction Now Uses as Much Energy as Your House in a 
Week. [online] Available at: 
https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/ywbbpm/bitcoin-mining-electricity-consumption-ethereum-
energy-climate-change [Accessed 20 Nov. 2017]. 

[19] Nakamoto, S., 2008. Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system. 

[20] The NodeSource Blog - Node.js Tutorials, Guides, and Updates. (2014). Why Asynchronous?. 
[online] Available at: http://nodesource.com/blog/why-asynchronous/ [Accessed 16 Nov. 2017]. 

[21] Park, J.H. and Park, J.H., (2017). Blockchain Security in Cloud Computing: Use Cases, 
Challenges, and Solutions. Symmetry, 9(8), p.164. 

[22] Poon, J. and Dryja, T.. (2016). The Bitcoin Lightning.network [online] Available at: 
https://lightning.network/lightning-network-paper.pdf. 

[23] Raiden-network.readthedocs.io. (2017). Raiden Specification — Raiden Network 0.2.0 
documentation. [online] Available at: https://raiden-network.readthedocs.io/en/stable/spec.html 
[Accessed 7 Dec. 2017]. 

[24] Reitwiessner, C. (2017). zkSnarks in a Nutshell [online] Available at: 
http://chriseth.github.io/notes/articles/zksnarks/zksnarks.pdf [Accessed 23 Nov. 2017]. 

[25] Sirer, E.G. and Song, D., 2016, February. On scaling decentralized blockchains. In International 
Conference on Financial Cryptography and Data Security (pp. 106-125). Springer Berlin Heidelberg. 

[26] Sompolinsky, Y., Lewenberg, Y. and Zohar, A., 2016. SPECTRE: A Fast and Scalable 
Cryptocurrency Protocol. IACR Cryptology ePrint Archive, 2016, p.1159. 

[27] Sompolinsky, Y. and Zohar, A., 2015, January. Secure high-rate transaction processing in bitcoin. 
In International Conference on Financial Cryptography and Data Security (pp. 507-527). Springer, 
Berlin, Heidelberg. 

[28] Son, M. (2017). Bitcoin’s Rise Happened in Shadows of Finance. Now Banks Want In. [online] 
Bloomberg.com. Available at: 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-10-05/bitcoin-s-rise-happened-in-shadows-of-finance-
now-banks-want-in [Accessed 7 Dec. 2017]. 

[29] Swan, M., 2015. Blockchain: Blueprint for a new economy. " O'Reilly Media, Inc.". 

[30] VISA (2017). Visa Inc. Facts & Figures . [online] Available at: 
https://usa.visa.com/dam/VCOM/global/about-visa/documents/visa-facts-figures-jan-2017.pdf 
[Accessed 20 Nov. 2017]. 

[31] Yli-Huumo, J., Ko, D., Choi, S., Park, S. and Smolander, K. (2016). Where Is Current Research 
on Blockchain Technology?—A Systematic Review. PLOS ONE, 11(10), p.e0163477. 

[32] Dziembowski, Stefan; Faust, Sebastian; Kolmogorov, Vladimir; Pietrzak, Krzysztof (2015). 
"Proofs of Space". 9216: 585–605. 
Available at: ​https://eprint.iacr.org/2013/796.pdf 

23 

https://eprint.iacr.org/2013/796.pdf


 

[33] Secg.org. (2010). Standards For Efficient Cryptography 2, [online] Available at: 

http://www.secg.org/sec2-v2.pdf [Accessed 20 Jan. 2018]. 

[34] Wood, G., 2014. Ethereum: A secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger. ​Ethereum 
Project Yellow Paper​, ​151​. 

[35] Ethereum. (2018). ​ethereum/wiki​. [online] Available at: 

https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Patricia-Tree [Accessed 22 Jan. 2018]. 

[36] Team Hycon. (2018). ​Team-Hycon/Genesis-View​. [online] Available at: 

https://github.com/Team-Hycon/Genesis-View [Accessed 22 Jan. 2018]. 

[37] Cryptonight Hash Function Cryptonote.org. (2018). [online] Available at: 

https://cryptonote.org/cns/cns008.txt [Accessed 2 Feb. 2018]. 

[38] JustCryptoNews. (2018). ​Sia Coin - BitMain Antminer A3 Blake (2b) ASIC Miner Announced​. 

[online] Available at: 

https://www.justcryptonews.com/340/sia-coin-bitmain-antminer-a3-blake-2b-asic-miner-announced 

[Accessed 2 Feb. 2018]. 

[39] Monero (XMR) CPU Miner - GitHub. (2018). ​xmrig/xmrig​. [online] Available at: 

https://github.com/xmrig/xmrig [Accessed 6 Feb. 2018]. 

[40] Palatinus, M., Rusnak, P., Voisine, A., Bowe, S.. ​bitcoin/bips/bip-0039​. [online] Available at: 

https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0039.mediawiki [Accessed 6 Feb. 2018]. 

 
 

 
 

  

24 



 

APPENDICES 

APPENDIX A - GENESIS BLOCK 

Discussion 
The HYCON genesis block was published on January 4th, 2018 at 3:15am KST(GMT+9) to              
coincide with the 9th anniversary of the publication of the Bitcoin Genesis Block. Below is a                
summary of the information contained within the block. The block, along with decoding             
software written in several programming languages, is available online at the Team Hycon             
github repository. 
The block itself contains a header and six transactions. The six transactions represent the              
minting of the HYCON that is to be initially allocated. See Appendix B for full details of the                  
token and budget allocation. 
The block header contains the mining difficulty, the root of the merkle tree of the               
transactions, the root of the world account states, and the timestamp of the block. 
The remainder of the block data is made up of the individual transactions which are loading                
up the accounts to be used for future token distribution. It was felt that encoding the                
transactions within the genesis block in this manner was the most transparent method for              
preparing for the wide release of HYCON, as it will allow all of the funds from these accounts                  
to be tracked from the beginning. 

 

  

25 



 

Contents of HYCON Genesis Block 
When decoded, the contents of the HYCON genesis block are as follows: 
 
Block Header 
Difficulty: 0 Merkle Root: 
cff5f8a5381ce41e26bf3f5f7b658dcef0d4935dfd791460614feb894ff36457 
 
State Root: e08408cb5bf38fb2652676af953d169c7997dd2af88299163b9a389b9d6a3ed4 
 
Timestamp: Thu Jan 04 03:15:05 KST 2018 
 
Transactions 
ICO Account 
Account Address(raw): 9565e92e694ef206abe21d65d3a93996682d41f7 Amount: 
2,000,000,000 HYCON 
 
Airdrop Account 
Account address(raw): fa7042154efb88d06c198ef106ca31aed57e6875 Amount: 
400,000,000 HYCON 
 
Team Account 
Account address(raw): 8bab45e2f5c79c00d539ae1a65dbd1f8fd416ca7 Amount: 
500,000,000 HYCON 
 
Development Fund 
Account address(raw): 7a7b31e5aced4889a75d1042a6f1204d2a889af8 Amount: 
500,000,000 HYCON 
 
Bug Bounty 
Account address(raw): 571a6e4554afbb09ee7da1ae20c18dbca9fabc46 Amount: 
500,000,000 HYCON 
 
Corporate Social Responsibility 
Account address(raw): 11d8046e6cd88f9e580b84a0b10c7c452f0030fc Amount: 
100,000,000 HYCON 
 

 

  

26 



 

APPENDIX B - Coin DISTRIBUTION & BUDGET 
ALLOCATION 

Coin Distribution 
The total available number of HYCON to be issued is 10 Billion. The method for allocation is 
as follows 

 
As can be seen in the above chart, the majority of HYCON coins will be available through                 
public mining, with 70% (7 billion HYC) allocated for that purpose. The remaining 30% of               
coins have been minted within the Genesis block and allocated to HYCON accounts             
responsible for the distribution of those coins once the network is live.  
This 30% has been allocated for six purposes. The largest portion is for the participants of                
the ICO and other pre-investors, with a total of one third of the initially minted coins (10% of                  
HYC total; 1,000,000,000 HYC) being allocated thus. 5% of the total HYC, (500,000,000             
HYC) will be provided to the team, to the Ecosystem Development fund, and to the Bug                
Bounty programs respectively. 100,000,000 HYC or 1% of total HYC will be allocated             
towards the Corporate Social Responsibility of HYCON. The remaining 400,000,000 HYC,           
(4% of total HYC) of the minted coins are to be airdropped through events or other yet to be                   
decided upon methods. 
It should be noted that the Genesis block contains a 2 Billion allocation for the ICO fund,                 
however after consultation with the community, the number of tokens to be made available              
was halved, with 1 Billion being available for that purpose. The other 1 Billion currently               
stored in the Genesis block will be burned, to be mined at a later date.  

27 



 

Budget Allocation 
The primary focus for the allocation of funds from our ICO is to facilitate the securing of                 
talented development and securing the long term future of the project. As such, 70% of the                
funds raised will go into funding the future research and development of HYCON and the               
Infinity Project, including the Infinity platform and the Infinity decentralised exchange. It is             
important to note that while these are separate projects, the HYCON ICO is the only fund                
raising drive being taken to ensure the liquidity of the entire project moving forward. 

 

 
 

28 


