




































 

 
JIBREL   NETWORK 

 
    MAY   2017 

 
DRAFT 

  
 

                                  YAZAN   BARGHUTHI                                                                                                                VICTOR   MEZRIN 
                  yazan@jibrel.network                                                                                                                                               victor@jibrel.network     

 
 

  ABSTRACT 
the jibrel network aims to facilitate the digitization  , listing and trading of traditional assets                           

1 2

such as currencies, bonds and other financial instruments, on the blockchain. The  jibrel                         
decentral bank will allow platform users to deposit cash, money market instruments or create                           
their own Crypto Depository Receipts (CryDRs) and benefit from on­chain / off­chain arbitrage.                         
Decentralized organizations and funds that are overexposed in digital currencies can hedge                       
their positions and protect their funding with stable assets. Furthermore, jibrel will provide                         
developers with a complete platform to build tools and applications for transacting, investing                         
and   hedging,   through   leveraging   traditional   asset­backed   tokens. 
 
In addition, jibrel will enable instant, near­zero fee, global payments and remittances in the                           
form of fiat to fiat transactions that can be undertaken through peer to peer, business to                               

3

business   or   consumer   to   merchant   channels.  
 
This white paper outlines the core components comprising jibrel, how they interact, and aims to                             
demonstrate   how   the   network   can   be   built­out   efficiently   using   existing   infrastructure. 

 

   
 

1.INTRODUCTION 
  

Since their introduction with Bitcoin in 2009[1],             
blockchains have unlocked tremendous value. With this             
new technology, we can verify and commit transactions in                 
an immutable decentralized ledger, or implemented more             
broadly,   achieve   decentralized   consensus. 
 
This incredible innovation is currently transforming our             
world by eroding the need for trusted intermediaries,               
settlement / clearing offices, and middle­man service             
providers      across   a   wide   range   of   industries   and   sectors. 
 
That being said, due to limited adoption at an                 
institutional level, most of the crypto­economy's value             
remains siloed by use­case or geography. In addition,               
widespread systemic risk exists due to the bottlenecks               
imposed by these siloes in the form of challenges and                   
limitations in converting between traditional assets and             
digital   assets. 
 
Given the disconnect between the traditional economy             
and the cryptoeconomy, the same challenges plaguing the               
former still persist in the latter. Users wishing to transfer                   
traditional currency between one another still face the               
time delays and fees imposed by relying on a combination                   
of cryptocurrency exchanges, traditional financial         
institutions,   as   well   as   payment   processors. 

  Moreover, traditional individual and institutional         
investors, who could facilitate the quick movement of               
traditional assets off­chain are deterred from           
participating due to the fundamental incompatibilities           
that exist ­ most notably, a lack of transparency and                   
extreme   market   volatility[2]. 
 
Finally, decentralized organizations, who raise funding           
through crowd sales, as well as decentralized funds and                 
crypto­investors, who are overexposed in digital assets             
and cryptocurrencies, have limited options to diversify             
into   traditional   holdings. 
 
The risks are compounded further by the fact that                 
digital currencies play a multifaceted role, they are used                 
to reward miners for facilitating transactions; as a               
means of transferring value; as a speculative investment               
tool; and most recently, to crowdfund and run               
decentralized organizations and applications (e.g.         
decentralized   computing[3],   decentralized   storage[4]).  
 
In traditional finance, different instruments are used for               
these functions and are regulated accordingly. This             
helps manage systemic risk. Until decentralized           
regulatory consensus protocols are fully built­out, the             
cryptoeconomy faces security and fraud risk, in the form                 
of unregulated exchanges; market risks, resulting from             
extremely   volatile   currencies   that   are   used   beyond   their 

 

1    Conversion   to   a   cryptocurrency   or   token
 

2    Cash,   bonds   and   equities 
 

3    Government­backed   currencies   that   are   declared   to   be   a   legal   tender   without   the   backing   of   an   underlying   physical   commodity
 

 



 
 

architectured   purpose;   and   systemic   risks   arising   from 
crowd­funds   stored   in   volatile   digital   currencies   and 
subsequently   locked   into   smart   contracts . 4

 
This   paper   analyzes   the   limitations   and   challenges   of   the 
current   environment   and   proposes   an   approach   that 
leverages   existing   infrastructure   to   provide   a   solution   for 
all   stakeholders. 
 
 
2.   TRADITIONAL   ASSET­BACKED   TOKENS 
 
The   core   stakeholders   in   the   jibrel   ecosystem   are; 
non­investment   users,   who   seek   to   benefit   from   the   value 
unlocked   by   cryptocurrencies   and   blockchain   technology, 
such   as   low   remittance   fees   and   instant   transfers; 
traditional   investors,   who   seek   to   benefit   from   the   high 
returns   of   the   emerging   cryptoeconomy;   and   decentralized 
organizations   /   funds   and   crypto­investors,   who   seek   to 
diversify   their   crypto­holdings   with   stable   low­yield 
assets,   on­chain,   as   to   remain   transparent   to 
crowd­funders. 
 
The   needs   of   all   stakeholders   could   be   successfully   met   by 
bringing   the   stability   of   traditional   financial   instruments 
to   the   blockchain.   This   can   be   accomplished   by   minting 
tethered   tokens   with   one­to­one   backing   of   the   underlying 
traditional   asset   they   represent.   Using   such   a   method, 
tethered   tokens   can   be   used   to   denote   a   currency[5]   or 
even   a   commodity[6]. 
 
By   developing   a   ‘guarantor’   that   houses   traditional   assets 
and   issues   tokens   representing   ownership   of   the 
underlying   assets,   one   can   enable   a   wide­range   of 
currencies,   commodities,   money   market   instruments   and 
other   financial   tools,   to   be   openly   traded   on­chain. 
 
 
 
3.   SYSTEM   ARCHITECTURE 
 
The following section outlines the key components of the                 
jibrel network and what is required to facilitate putting                 
traditional   assets   on­chain. 
 
3.1   Public   Blockchain 
While reliance on another blockchain imposes a long­list               
of new challenges and limitations, a public and secure                 
blockchain is required for early versions of jibrel, until full                   
cross­chain   communication   is   feasible. 
 
 
3.2   Cryptocurrency   Exchanges 
Cryptocurrency exchanges provided end­users with fiat           
accounts in their local currency and digital wallets to hold                   
cryptocurrencies. User can buy, trade or transmit digital               
currency, easily converting between crypto and fiat             
currencies.  

  3.3   Tethered   Tokens 
Tethered tokens will be required to create traditional               
asset­backed tokens. For every traditional asset held a               
tethered token is minted. Upon the underlying asset               
being   sold,   the   token   is   destroyed.                                                               . 
  
  
3.4   Guarantor 
In order to ensure tethered tokens hold their respective                 
value, a guarantor is needed. The guarantor will hold                 
traditional assets and issue their respective tethered             
tokens, as well as redeem and destroy tokens in return                   
for the release / transfer of ownership of the underlying                   
traditional   asset. 
  
 
3.5   Application   Layer,   Libraries   &   Templates 
Once tethered tokens are established, an array of               
applications that leverages their capabilities can be             
developed, including payment processors, remittance         
wallets and trading platforms. To facilitate rapid             
application development, a dedicated application layer           
with user­friendly libraries and code templates will be               
required. 
 
 
3.6   Ownership   Transfers 
Once a tethered token is issued, the underlying asset                 
can be easily traded similar to any cryptocurrency. The                 
high­level   process   is   outlined   below: 
 

1. User   sends   FIAT   to   guarantor 
2. Guarantor   returns   jFIAT 
3. User   pays   merchant   in   jFIAT 
4. Merchant   redeems   jFIAT 
5. Guarantor   sends   FIAT   to   merchant   account 

 
With a guarantor backing the tethered token, with the                 
promise to redeem for the underlying asset at a future                   
point in time, the token can stay in the system and be                       
used   for   on­chain   and   off­chain   payments. 
 
 
3.7   Fees   &   Charges 
Transferring ownership of both digital and traditional             
assets have associated fees and charges that will need to                   
be   accounted. 
 
 
3.8   Oversight   /   Regulation 
Any   on­chain   transaction   representing   an   off­chain 
transfer   of   ownership   or   value   must   satisfy   international 
and   local   regulation   and   must   be   managed   accordingly. 
 
Regulatory   protocols   /   governance   tools   should   be   put   in 
place   to   ensure   proper   governance   and   oversight.  
 
All   transactions   must   satisfy   KYC   /   AML   regulations. 

4   Projects   are   at   risk   of   not   materializing   if   their   funding   is   reduced   due   to   market   downswings,   potentially   leading   to   insolvency 

 



 
 

 

4.   JIBREL   NETWORK   IMPLEMENTATION 
  
This section outlines how each component will be               
implemented   in   the   jibrel   network. 
 
4.1   Ethereum   Blockchain 
The selected blockchain must decouple mining rewards             
and the underlying transactions between the participants             
of the system. For this reason, Ethereum is well suited to                     
form the foundation of jibrel’s underlying architecture.             
Mining rewards will be in the form of Ethereum ‘gas’,                   
while any tethered token will not be part of the mining                     
process[7].  
 
While jibrel is also suited to be built on Bitcoin’s                   
Omniprotocol, that approach is beyond the scope of this                 
paper. 
 
 
4.2   Crypto   Depository   Receipts   (CryDR) 
CryDRs are tethered tokens that represent ownership of               
an underlying traditional asset held by jibrel. In this                 
paper, they are denoted as jAsset (e.g. jUSD, jEUR,                 
jGBP). On release, jibrel will support six fiat currencies                 
and two money market instruments, with plans to add                 
additional   financial   instruments   in   the   future. 
 
4.2.1   Currencies   /   Fiat 
The first iteration of the jibrel network aims to support                   
USD, EUR, GBP, RUB, CNY, AED with additional               
currency support gradually added as strategic exchange             
partners   are   integrated. 
 
4.2.2   Money   Market   Instruments 
Stable low­yield assets are jibrel’s core offering,             
crypto­investors will be able to purchase tokens tethered               
to US Treasury Bills and Zero­Coupon Certificates of               
Deposits. For the first iteration of the jibrel network, all                   
money market instruments will incorporate an  automatic             
rollover or  accrual mechanism. Meaning, fiat received             
from matured investments, will be automatically           
redeployed in similar assets. Similarly, dividend or             
interest will be accrued until the underlying asset               
matures or is sold. In future versions, money market                 
instruments   will   be   configurable. 
 
4.2.3   Other   Financial   Instruments 
In the future, as traditional financial institutions are               
integrated into the jibrel platform, full support of other                 
financial instruments can be rolled out, including listed               
and   private   equity. 
 
 
4.3   Jibrel   ‘Decentral’   Bank   (JDB) 
The JDB will receive / hold traditional assets on behalf of                     
their owners and issue their respective CryDRs. Upon               
receipt   of   the   asset   off­chain,   the   JDB   issues   a   token   and 

  sends it to the owner’s wallet. Upon redemption of a                   
token, the token is destroyed and the underlying asset is                   
transferred   to   the   token   holder. 
 
While the JDB aims to be fully decentralized, until full                   
on­chain integration of traditional financial institutions,           
large components of the system will need to be off­chain.                   
Off­chain activity will require the input and oversight of                 
local   and   international   regulators.  
 
For this reason, stakeholder interaction must be             
properly managed to ensure full regulatory compliance             
without sacrificing transparency and reliability. This           
will be achieved through  asset portals , dedicated entities               
operating with full compliance in their respective             
geographies . 
 
 
4.4   Asset   Portals 
Asset portals are used to undertake the necessary legal                 
and financial steps to convert traditional assets into               
on­chain   digital   assets.  
 
Fiat portals will be simple cryptocurrency exchanges.             
Strategic partnerships can be formed with existing             
exchanges while a dedicated jibrel exchange network             
with sufficient geographic reach can be built­out. In               
addition, by housing a portion of jibrel’s fiat reserves in                   
existing exchanges, transfer times and fees are             
significantly reduced whilst simultaneously providing         
exchanges   with   much   needed   liquidity. 
 
Non­fiat portals will require off­chain presence to             
undertake the necessary due diligence and take             
ownership   of   non­fiat   deposits. 
 
In most geographies, asset portals will require brokerage               
and money transmitter licenses. In cases involving             
heavily regulated jurisdictions or more nuanced           
financial assets, full regulator involvement and           
oversight   might   be   required.  
 
As regulation evolves, asset portals will be able to                 
decentralize and become community driven.         
Institutional investors and other financial institutions           
will be able to list their own traditional assets on­chain,                   
using   the   jibrel   platform. 
 
 
4.5   Jibrel   Network   Token    (JNT) 
While non­fiat portals will charge  offline fees in fiat                 
currencies, the JDB’s on­chain fees and commissions will               
be   levied   in   the   form   of   Jibrel   Network   Tokens   (JNT). 
 
JNT   will   be   listed   on   ERC­20   compatible   exchanges. 

 

 



 
 

5.   INFRASTRUCTURE 
 
Critical data, such as user balances and transactions, will                 
be stored on the blockchain while all other data is hosted                     
on   development   servers. 
 
Several development environments, tools and frameworks           
have already been developed to enable the rapid               
development of decentralized applications[8]. Jibrel will           
need to develop similar developer components, tools and               
frameworks to enable the widespread adoption and             
distribution   of   CryDRs. 
 
Infrastructure will be required across two main             
dimensions,   on­chain   APIs   and   off­chain   APIs   /   Utils. 
 
5.1   On­chain   Infrastructure 
Only four key smart contracts will be required for the                   
network   to   operate   effectively. 
 
5.1.1   CryDR   Smart   Contracts 
Each asset registered with the JDB will have a CryDR                   
issued in the form of a smart contract. CryDR smart                   
contracts will be ERC­20 compliant. Forwarding CryDRs             
between user accounts is similar to forwarding other               
ERC­20   tokens   between   wallets. 
 
5.1.2   Jibrel   Decentral   Bank   Smart   Contract 
A dedicated JDB smart contract will regulate the work of                   
CryDR   Smart   Contracts. 
 
5.1.3   Board   of   Directors   Smart   Contract   (BODC) 
The Board of Directors smart contract (BODC) is the only                   
mechanism to interact / influence the Jibrel Decentral               
Bank   Contract. 
 
BODC will be managed through a voting system, where                 
members of the board can use their Ethereum accounts to                   
vote on BODC actions. Storing and using private keys will                   
be the responsibility of members. Ideally, the board will                 
be composed of crypto thought­leaders and financial             
services   experts.  
 
Figure   1.    Crypto   Depository   Receipts   ­   General   Workflow 
 

 

  5.1.4   Helpers   /   Utils    (Auxiliary   Smart   Contracts) 
We will also need to create several auxiliary smart                 
contracts to enable auxiliary functions such as switching               
between contracts running different versions and           
enabling   additional   API   features. 
 
Their detailed description is beyond the scope of this                 
document. 
 
 
5.2   Off­chain   Infrastructure 
 
In order to facilitate the widespread adoption of CryDRs                 
as a transaction, investment and hedging tool,             
user­friendly libraries and code templates for application             
developers   will   be   released. 
 
 
Figure   2.    Jibrel   DApp   API   Workflow 
 

 
 
 
5.2.1   Libraries   &   Templates 
We expect that developers will use existing libraries to                 
interact with Ethereum Blockchain (for example, JS             
web3). We will release wrappers for this library and code                   
samples that will simplify the interaction with the JDB                 
and   CryDR   smart   contracts. 
 
5.2.2   CryDR   Explorers 
Open­source explorers will be created, allowing users to               
view CryDR metadata and interact with the BODC as                 
well as manually verify ownership of the underlying               
asset   by   the   JDB. 
 
5.2.3   Board   of   Director   Tool­kit 
Tools will be created to interface the internal IT                 
infrastructure of CryDR Ltd with Ethereum blockchain.             
In particular, for the organization of interaction of the                 
members of the board of directors with BODC and for                   
operative   monitoring   of   the   state   of   the   system. 

 

 



 
 

6.   FULLY   DECENTRALIZED   OPERATIONS 
 
In the short to medium term, off­chain activities will be                   
needed to undertake the necessary legal and financial due                 
diligence to convert physical assets to digital assets. In                 
addition, the BOD members will be needed to oversee the                   
JDB to ensure full transparency and regulatory             
compliance. 
 
In the longer­term, it is expected that regulation will                 
evolve to facilitate on­chain verification of asset             
ownership, enabling jibrel to become a decentralized             
autonomous   organization. 
 
6.1   Self­service   Portals 
Once the technological limitations such as on­chain             
computational capability and the feasibility of           
implementing complex zero­knowledge proofs [9]; as well           5

as the regulatory hurdles of obtaining the relevant               
licensing, are overcome, jibrel could operate self­service             
portals (i.e. traditional exchange platforms hosted           
on­chain,   communicating   with   the   jibrel   network).  
 
The build­out of these portals is critical to jibrel achieving                   
full   decentralization. 
 
 
6.2   On­chain   Digital   Identity   /   KYC   /   AML 
While many on­chain digital identity and KYC solutions               
exist today, they are limited in functionality. More               
advanced identification solutions will be required to             
achieve   self­service   portals. 
 
 
6.3   Board   of   Directors   DAO 
Once operations have reached steady state, the Board of                 
Directors can be dissolved and replaced with a               
autonomous regulatory entity, charged with overseeing           
the   operations   of   the   JDB. 
 
 
 
7.   USE­CASES 
 
Traditional asset­backed tokens that are easily           
exchangeable   provides   a   wide   range   of   use­cases 
 
7.1   Traditional   /   Digital   Asset   Exchange 
By allowing traditional assets and digital assets to be                 
freely traded between one another, a platform is               
inherently developed that facilitates low­risk, high           
returns for institutional investors through the wholesale             
of traditional investment instruments to investors and             
entities   seeking   stable   digital   assets. 
 
7.1.1   Investment   Platform 
An investment bank can deposit money market             
instruments   into   the   JDB   and   then   sell   those   products  

  (CryDRs) to decentralized organizations and funds at a               
premium,   benefiting   from    on­chain   /   off­chain   arbitrage .  
 
7.1.2   Hedging   Tokens 
Decentralized Autonomous Organizations and funds can           
purchase money market CryDRs and store them             
on­chain, with full transparency, reassuring investors           
that their funding is safe. Decentralized Autonomous             
Funds can choose from a wide range of traditional assets                   
to complement their digital portfolios and protect             
against   cryptoeconomy   downturns. 
 
 
7.2   Global   Transfers 
By providing asset­backed tokens, the platform is able to                 
provide tokens that possess all the desirable qualities of                 
both, traditional assets ­ in particular, stability and               
global adoption, and digital assets ­ immutability, ease               
of   transfer   and   reliability. 
 
With these tokens, payment gateways, remittance           
channels and other money transfer use­cases can be               
implemented. 
 
7.2.1   Remittances 
Jibrel can enable remittances by enabling fiat to fiat                 
transfers that use crypto­infrastructure to execute           
transactions. Users can add funds and transfer them to                 
anyone in the world, leveraging the low fees provided by                   
digital currencies while still maintaining the stability,             
security   and   safety   of   traditional   currencies.  
 
7.2.2   Universal   Wallet 
Currency agnostic wallets can be created that allow               
users to freely convert between currencies and make               
transfers to anyone, anywhere in any currency, without               
the exorbitant fees usually associated with such             
transactions. 
 
 
7.3   Cross­border   Payments 
Similarly,   jibrel   can   enable   cross­border   payments. 
 
7.3.1   Currency   API 
With the underlying tokens, jibrel can provide a               
currency API that allows users to convert freely between                 
currencies. 
 
7.3.2   Merchant   API 
Jibrel can provide merchants with a simple easy to use                   
payment gateway that can accept payments in any               
currency and pay­out in the local currency. Without               
incurring   exchange   or   transfer   fees. 
 
Once the network is established, merchants will be able                 
to set­up currency agnostic payment gateways using             
jibrel’s   user­friendly   libraries   and   API. 

5      While   significant   work   has   been   undertaken   to   improve   the   efficiency   of   probabilistically   checkable   proofs,   they   still   remain   highly   impractical  

 



 
 

8.   REFERENCES 
 
[1]   Nakamoto,   Satoshi,    Bitcoin:   A   peer­to­peer   electronic   cash   system ,   2008   ­   URL   ­   {https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf} 
 
[2] Brennan and Lunn, Credit Suisse Equity Reports ­  Blockchain ­ The trust disruptor: Shared ledger technology and the impact on stocks ,                                           
2016   ­   URL   {http://www.the­blockchain.com/docs/Credit­Suisse­Blockchain­Trust­Disrupter.pdf} 
 
[3]   Golem,    The   Golem   Project:   Crowdfunding   White   Paper ,     2016   ­   URL   {http://golemproject.net/doc/DraftGolemProjectWhitepaper.pdf} 
 
[4]   Wilkinson,   Shawn,    Storj   Project:   A   Peer­to­Peer   Cloud   Storage   Network ,   2014   ­   URL   {https://storj.io/storj.pdf} 
 
[5]   Tether   Ltd,    Tether:   Fiat   currencies   on   the   Bitcoin   blockchain ,   2016   ­   URL 
{https://tether.to/wp­content/uploads/2016/06/TetherWhitePaper.pdf} 
 
[6]   Eufemio,   Chng   and   Djie,    D igix:   The   Gold   Standard   in   Crypto Assets ,   2016   ­   URL   {https://dgx.io/whitepaper.pdf} 
 
[7]   Buterin,   Vitalik,    Ethereum:   A   Next­Generation   Smart   Contract   and   Decentralized   Application   Platform ,   2013   ­   URL 
{http://ethereum.org/ethereum.html} 
 
[8]   Solidity,    Solidity:   A   contract­oriented,   high­level   language   for   the   Ethereum   Virtual   Machine ,   Release   0.4.10   Documentation   ­   URL 
{http://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v0.4.10/} 
 
[9]   Ben­Sasson,   Chiesa,   Garman,   Green,   Miers,   Troma   and   Virza,    Zerocash:   Decentralized   Anonymous   Payments   from   Bitcoin ,   2014   ­   URL 
{http://zerocash­project.org/media/pdf/zerocash­extended­20140518.pdf} 
 

 


