
























































Latium Whitepaper


Draft for open community review. Subject to change.

October 16, 2017

L A T I U M  W H I T E P A P E R



-Migration to a Full Blockchain System, Other Crypto and 
Fiat, Conversion Functions 

Future Developments ...................................................................................08

What Is Latium? ................................................................................................02

Market Need .......................................................................................................03

-Lack of Real World Adoption of Cryptocurrencies
-Lack of Transparent Global Labor Market
-Lack of Global Reputation for Global Labor Force
-Lack of Fast Payment System for Global Labor Force
-True Market Demand for Cryptocurrencies 

-Posting Tasks, Performing Tasks, Reputation System, Physical 
Task System, Latium Transfer System, Group Projects
-Profile Management, Chat System, Referral Program, Task 
Search System, Fees

Product Advantages.......................................................................................04

Features..................................................................................................................05

Funding Breakdown ......................................................................................09

Project Budget....................................................................................................10

Overview of Token Structure.....................................................................11

Timeline Overview............................................................................................07

Table of Contents



What Is Latium?

02

Latium is the first and only tasking platform to incorporate a totally automated 
rating system in tandem with a one-to-many task relationship structure. This 
will allow a user to create a task for which they can hire one person, or many 
thousands of people, to complete the task. This all occurs within a trustless 
environment where all participants have transparency in whom they are 
working with. The platform will support both “Digital” and “In-Person” tasks. The 
Latium team has also designed proprietary task proof systems for both “Digital” 
and “In-Person” tasks, in order to remove trust from the equation while 
creating an environment where tasks with multiple contracts can be easily 
managed. In the case of a “Digital” task, imagine a user wishes to drive traffic to 
an online petition. By posting one simple Latium task, they can send as many 
people to the petition page as their budget allows. 

Now, let’s look at an example of an “In-Person” task. Imagine a user is 
promoting a grand opening for a new restaurant. They post a new task with 
the details of the event and then approve applicants that wish to show up for 
a reward. As the applicants show up they must all scan either a printed QR 
code, scan a code on the task creator’s phone or stay within a certain GPS 
location for a certain amount of time in order to check-in to the event. Once 
the event is complete, they will scan an additional code to release payment for 
the task or auto release based on GPS. "In-Person" multi-contract tasks can be 
used for marketing events such as this, or even political or community driven 
projects. 

The LatiumX (LATX) ERC20 token will be the established form of payment on 
the platform. Payment for tasks completed on the Latium platform will be 
credited in real-time using LATX, meaning the LATX tokens will have to be 
purchased by employers in order to create new tasks in the system.

Hiring

Reward: 2 LATX Deposit: 0.5 LATX

CONTRACTS
AWARDED:114

CONTRACTS
REMAINING: 36

CONTRACTSTASK APPLICANTS

Carrier 4G 73%8:08 AM

Show Up To The Bistro Lazio Grand Opening

My family is opening a Italian Bistro in Boston.  Come to the 
ribbon cutting and stay for 1 hour.

@jillEricsson
819 2h ago

@ana_matrix 688
Reward: 2 LATX Deposit: 0.5 LATX



The Latium platform provides solutions to existing real world problems, while 
also improving existing solutions for certain use cases.

1. Lack Of Real World Adoption Of Crypto Currencies

Although the world has become more aware of crypto currencies over the last 
12 months, there is still a very real issue of global adoption. We believe this is 
directly related to a substantial barrier to entry in acquiring crypto currencies 
and the lack of acceptance as a viable method of tender. 

The Latium platform solves these issues by creating an easy to use market 
place where anyone willing to complete a task is rewarded with LATX tokens. 
LATX can also be used for task creation, meaning that anyone needing a task 
completed can now use LATX to pay for the labor. This provides an opportunity 
for everyone to join the crypto sphere by simply paying for work or working for 
pay.

2. Lack Of Transparent Global Labor Market

Currently labor markets are divided into pools based on Local, Regional and 
National regulations. These segmented pools of labor liquidity hurt both 
employees and employers alike. As an employee it could be hard to find work 
and a livable wage depending on your jurisdiction. As an employer it can be 
difficult, or impossible, to find the right employee with the required skill set in 
your local labor market. 

Now you can apply for any task globally, determine what you are willing to 
complete the task for and have transparency in to every facet prior to 
acceptance. As an employer you can award the task to the tasker of your 
choice and know that if the task is not completed to your standards that you 
don’t have to pay. 

3. Lack Of Global Reputation System For Global Labor Force

Employers and employees both have had to share a substantial pain point in 
the hiring/applying process. Neither party really knows if they are a good fit for 
each other prior to working on a task together. Employers can check 
references from previous employers, run background checks, etc., while 
prospective employees take to internet forums to read posts from previous 
employees in order to gain some insight into whether or not this relationship 
would be a good fit for them. 

By implementing a global reputation system, the Latium platform makes the 
employer-employee relationship more transparent from the beginning. Both 

Market Need

03



4. Lack Of Fast Payment System For Global Labor Force 

There are many payment systems used around the globe, but most payments 
made for completing a task are not even remotely close to real-time. Some 
users might wait weeks after a task is completed in order to receive payment. 

The Latium platform issues all payments via LATX tokens, thus creating a 
real-time payment network within the platform itself. These tokens can be 
withdrawn as soon as the task maker marks the job complete. Task makers are 
incentivized to release the payment quickly as it is part of their global 
reputation score.

5. True Market Demand For Crypto Currencies

Currently, using a crypto currency as tender is still quite limited. There is a great 
desire among crypto enthusiasts to see mass adoption of crypto as a general 
payment method. It has become clear however, that in order for this to occur 
these tokens must power systems that have real world value for people.  

Latium addresses this issue by creating a real economy for LATX. LATX is the 
fuel required by the platform to operate. The activity of buying or selling tokens 
should be closely correlated to the platform use and not based on market 
speculation.

Easy Access To Crypto

Easy Access To Workers

Easy Access To Work

Product Advantages

Fair And Transparent

Free To Use

Deflationary Design

One-To-Many Relationships

Trustless Reputation System

Real-Time Payment

taskers and task makers have a reputation score. This allows both parties to 
truly evaluate a potential relationship prior to acceptance. Every task impacts 
a user’s score positively or negatively. Users gain long term reputations making 
them more attractive while discouraging the creation of new user profiles and 
spam. 

04



Client Facing Applications for iOS, Android and web including: 

Features

Clients will be given the ability to create tasks, select the desired applicant and verify the task 
is completed to their standards. A nominal service fee will be charged after a task is 
completed. 

Whether you use amazon.com, Freelancer or Twitter user/product ratings are a big part of 
our day to day life. The issue with most rating systems is they require a lot of additional work 
to debunk what is true and what is not. Users have to figure out if a reviewer can be trusted. 
This takes time and effort. Even after this process you have to question if the review is truly 
legitimate, due to the large amount of fake users and pay for review systems on the net.

A study published by CNBC revealed at least 48 million twitter accounts were fake/bots 
(https://www.cnbc.com/2017/03/10/nearly-48-million-twitter-accounts-could-be-bots-says-st
udy.html). We believe the problem is actually much larger than the stated amount and the 
issue is certainly not limited to just Twitter. Paid reviews are a big business and has 
incentivized the growth of huge review farms around the world. Users are catching on to this 
trend that nothing can be trusted and now have to research the reviewer. The problem is all 
this extra due diligence creates extra work for the end user. 

Latium’s proprietary reputation system takes human opinion out of the equation by creating 
a concise and automated system. User scores range from 0-1000 and are based on many 
different data points that are systematic, not opinion based. These include, but are not 
limited to, amount of jobs completed, hire rate, payment time, task value, and 
worker/employer diversity.

The goal is to provide users a simple single number, so they can evaluate quickly without 
additional research. This system will start as a proprietary algorithm and over time be totally 
AI driven. The best example of this is the US FICO credit score system. Users scores will 
change based on actions and also lack of action. Ultimately the AI will create new rule sets 
to mitigate risks before they even present themselves, thus creating a reputation system that 
truly does not require human intervention in any way.

Posting Tasks

Reputation System

Clients can apply for tasks, upload task related documents and files, mark tasks completed 
and request payment.

Performing Tasks

Latium’s proprietary physical task locator is designed to make it both fun and easy to locate 
paying tasks. The platform presents a map to users with available local tasks which they 
complete. By walking or driving around, completing tasks and collecting LATX, the Latium 
platform provides a level of gamification (think Pokemon Go, but instead of finding 
Pokemon you are collecting LATX). We will also provide standard search filters and list view 
for those who want a more business like appearance. Tasks can be confirmed by scanning 
QR codes or by staying within defined GPS coordinates for a certain amount of time. This 
depends on the task and the settings selected by the task creator.

Physical Task System

05



Latium will include two payment transfer options. One will be an internal system that is real 
time and does not require confirmations from miners and will be 100% free. 

The other will be blockchain based and require miner confirmation. We are still evaluating if 
we will use a state chain for these transfers to help mitigate the gas cost of transacting on 
chain. 

This feature allows users to work together for a common goal. Group projects could be 
something as small as two or three users working together or something very large requiring 
hundreds of users to work together.

Group Projects can be used for one to many, many to one and many to many relationships. 
This makes the system flexible and able to handle any task required. 

Latium Transfer System

Group Projects

User will have editable profiles with avatars, bios and additional information. This allows both 
task makers and task doers to get a view into who they are potentially working with. 

Profile Management

Both a general chat and task related chat will be made available to all clients.

Chat System

Referrers will make a commission off of referred users. They will also have access to metrics 
and reporting. All commissions will be paid in LATX. 

Referral Program

The Task Search System provides users the opportunity to find specific tasks which coincide 
with their abilities. 

Task Search System

The Latium system will be maintained by a nominal per-task fee. These fees will be paid by 
the task creator at the time of acceptance. The system will be feeless for a promotional 
period until the management team feels market penetration has been achieved. Revenue 
created by the fee system will be used for operation expenses and eventually to incentivize 
task validators (miners) on our own blockchain. The sole method for payment of fees will 
always be LATX.

Fees

06



07

Proof of Concept Q3-4 2016 Beta Release 1st quarter 2018 

Production release to Web 2nd-3rd 
Quarter

App layout and UI/UX design
2nd quarter 2017 

Base code creation 2nd
quarter 2017 

Release Laitum.org 2nd 
Quarter 2017 

Production release to App store and 
Google Play 1st-2nd quarter 2018 

Initial Token Sale 3rd & 4th 
Quarter 2017 

Alpha Release 4th quarter 
2017 

On the fly LATX conversion 2nd-3rd 
Quarter 2018

Multiple currency integration 2nd-3rd 
Quarter 2018 

Migration to full blockchain system 1st 
Quarter 2019 

Timeline Overview

Proof of Concept 
Q3-4 2016 

App layout and UI/UX 
design 2nd quarter 2017

Base code creation 2nd 
quarter 2017 

Release Laitum.org 2nd 
Quarter 2017

Initial Token Sale 
3rd & 4th Quarter 

2017

Alpha Release 4th 
quarter 2017

Beta Release 1st 
quarter 2018 

Production release to 
App store and Google 
Play 1st-2nd quarter 
2018 

Production release 
to Web 2nd-3rd 

Quarter 2018 

On the fly LATX 
conversion 

2nd-3rd Quarter 
2018

Multiple currency 
integration 

2nd-3rd Quarter 
2018 

Migration to full 
blockchain 
system 1st 

Quarter 2019 



Future Developments

Due to the current limitations of blockchain technology (mainly latency and query issues) 
Latium is being built using a hybrid of distributed, dedicated multi datacenter servers and 
blockchain technology. We believe this is currently the only way to deliver an enterprise class 
application with a competitive end user experience.

Once the hybrid system is in production, our focus will change to migrating system by 
system into the blockchain, with the goal being for Latium to be 100% dependent on 
blockchain technology.  This task is no small feat, but in doing this we pave the way for other 
enterprise applications to be 100% blockchain dependent. Through this process other 
revenue models, such as licensing proprietary Blockchain DB, file storage, CDN and hosting 
technologies, will present themselves. All of these will add another layer of value for LATX 
holders.

Migration To A Full Blockchain System

Once the platform is in production and stable, part of the team will focus on incorporating 
other methods of payment outside of just LATX, including fiat and other dominant crypto. 
Fees will always be required in LATX, similar to how Ethereum Gas functions, no matter 
what other currencies we accept.

Introduction Of Other Cyrpto Currencies And Fiat Into The
Latium System

08

Ease of access to LATX and other currencies is imperative for mass adoption. Users require 
easy access to buy and/or sell LATX. The platform will allow for easy exchange via API 
connections with existing exchanges and/or using Shapeshift.io. The goal is to allow 
purchases via credit cards and in real-time making it easy to participate in the system. 
Allowing users to withdraw profits in fiat will also facilitate usability. Users can hold their 
earnings in LATX or convert on the fly and receive funds via PayPal.

On-The-Fly Conversion Functions



09

Funding Breakdown

Minimum project funding was achieved in the presale phase. A total of 
22,160,721 LATX was sold in the presale (7.3% of total token supply/ 12.3% of sale 
supply). Presale rate was fixed at 2,200 LATX per Ether.

Presale

The general sale will open on November 28th, 2017. The general sale rate will 
be static at 2,000 LATX per Ether. A mild volume bonus structure will be 
released prior to the opening of the general sale. The total max cap of ETH 
raised from the Whitelist Sale and the General Sale is 70,000. Any token sale 
supply not sold during the general sale will be burned.

General Sale

The whitelist sale will open November 15th, 2017 and close November 28th, 
2017. Rates will be static during this period at 2,100 LATX per Ether. The 
whitelist will be a limited sale open to users whose applications are accepted 
by the team. Anyone can apply, but only a select number of applicants will be 
chosen to participate in this sale.  The amount of tokens to be sold in this 
phase will be released prior to the opening of the sale. The goal of the 
whitelisting process is to ensure diverse token distribution and help mitigate 
market risk imposed by single large token holders.

Whitelist Sale

Presale

White Sale
Nov 15th, 2017

General Sale
Nov 28th, 2017

22,160,721 LATX Sold



Project Budget

Funds raised during the token sale will be used for the development and 
maintenance of the Latium system. Although much of the planning and a 
decent amount of the development work has already been done to prove the 
proof of concept at the shareholders expense, we understand the task laid 
before us to get mass adoption of the Latium platform requires greater 
funding than we currently have. Funds will be allocated to allow for an 18 
month runway in a less volatile currency such as USD, EUR, GBP or CHF. This 
helps protect the project from massive market swings and ensures this project 
is brought to production as soon as possible without market risk. 

Project Budget
Breakdown

30% Marketing

15% Security

10% Operations

5% Legal

40% Development

10



40% Development
These funds will be allocated to both the existing core team and also to recruit new 
developers to help bring the Latium system to market. The stakeholders plan to allocate no 
less than 25%  of these funds to a recruitment process open to the community. This will allow 
the community to have a say in who is added to the team. This system will be available at 
Latium.org shortly after the end of the token sale. 

30% Marketing
We acknowledge that in order for the Latium system to get mass adoption we need to place 
a large focus on market exposure. With this is mind, we have allocated a large portion of 
funds received towards marketing. Marketing strategies will include, but are not limited to, 
affiliate marketing, online campaigns, CPA campaigns and gorilla marketing. 

10% Operations
Day to Day operations will consist of admin, HR and operations staff. These funds will be used 
to ensure a smooth operation and as growth starts that we have the required manpower to 
keep up with demand.

15% Security
The stakeholders acknowledge that security is paramount for any crypto based product. We 
plan to use this portion of funds to reward bug bounties, host a hackathon and to secure 
outside security audits. 

5% Legal
These funds will be used for legal review of all service agreements, terms and privacy policies. 
We also use a portion of these funds for any potential jurisdictional reviews required. 

11

Overview Of Token Structure

180,000,000 LATX tokens (60% of total Supply) available during all phases of the token sale. 
Any tokens not sold during this period will be burned. 

Token Allocation



12

Platform Adoption Incentives
60,000,000 LATX tokens (20% of total supply) will be used for promotion once 
the Latium platform is in production. These tokens will provide incentives to 
sign up and use the Latium platform during the ramp up of production. New 
users will be allocated a certain amount of tokens to use within the Latium 
Ecosystem (cannot be withdrawn but can be spent on task creation). These 60 
million tokens will be held in a lockup contract and released, according to the 
schedule below, for use in the system.

After release, these funds will be held in a single contract. The only function of 
this contract will be to release tokens to platform users and will be made 
available for public inspection prior to the first token release in order to ensure 
transparency. The below schedule is the maximum that can be withdrawn on 
a given date. The amount of the withdrawal will be determined at the time of 
release up to the maximum allowed by the lockup contract. The amount 
withdrawn will be solely up to the management team and based on project 
requirements at the time of release. This contract has been made available on 
Github for public review and etherscan.io

15 million LATX Tokens January 31st 2018 
15 million LATX Tokens April 30th 2018 
15 million LATX Tokens July 31st 2018 
15 million LATX Tokens final incentive release October 31st 2018 

Founder’s Lockup
45,000,000 LATX (15% of total supply) tokens will be held in the founder’s 
lockup contract for 12 months releasing on November 1st 2018. These funds 
will be used to expand the management team after production release in key 
areas and founder’s equity. This amount is the maximum amount that can be 
withdrawn from the Lockup contract. The amounts actually withdrawn will be 
left up to the founders to decide up to the maximum allowed by the contract. 
This contract has been made available on Github for public review.

Bounty Program
15,000,000 LATX (5% of total supply) will be allocated for bounty programs. The 
following programs are included in this allocation Wings (1% of total supply), 
General Affiliate System (up to 2.6% of total supply), General Bounty (1% of total 
supply) for bitcointalk members, Marketing Bounty (0.4% of total supply), such 
as promotional programs, Banner ads for 3rd party sites. The Marketing Bounty 
is an additional bounty campaign, not a guaranteed distribution and will be 
up to the management team who can receive this bounty. To apply for the 
Marketing bounty campaign, please, contact support@latium.org

All purchases of LATX should be for the sole purpose of use within the platform. This is not an offer for investment or a 
security. If you are looking to purchase the LATX token with a purpose other than usage within the platform you should 

reconsider your purchase.

https://etherscan.io/address/0x85e0ffc8F68B638e73A4C113F69e8dc9deb0D77D

https://etherscan.io/address/0x1363d909a1Ef96b475e5ee6E514Fb87d4AC5a293


