



































WhitePaperEN02-03


Morpheus Labs
The Blockchain Company



Executive Summary

    

1.

Seldom has a technology fascinated the media and public like blockchain. Touted to be the catalyst of 
the fourth industrial revolution, institutions are experimenting with the technology. Similarly, investors 
have invested hundreds of millions of dollars in blockchain-related firms. Such investments carry risks 
of failure in commercialisation and organisations, which generally lack the lab-like environment to 
experiment with the technology in a low risk, safe-to-fail setting.

Innovation is a combination of creativity and implementation. Often, an idea needs to go through 
phases of evolution or to pivot before it reaches maturity for commercialisation. In reality, most ideas 
seldom reach their commercialisation value because the cycle is too long and expensive, rendering it 
too ineffective in time and costs to allow ideas to grow and mature. Hence, commonly, almost 99% of 
start-ups fail.

Join us in this journey of experimentation, discovery and innovation

Our objective is to build an enterprise-grade blockchain platform as a service (BPaaS) with an 
additional blockchain app marketplace that enables organisations of any size, regardless of whether 
they are a two-person company or a Fortune 500 company to rapidly design, deploy and operate 
distributed ledgers.

Too much focus has been given to the price of tokens but not enough to the fundamentals of Satoshi 
Nakamoto’s original purpose of the blockchain, which is to enable anyone and everyone to partake in 
the exchange of value and realise the power of the blockchain. We believe that blockchain technology 
has the power to change lives for the better and we are building a platform for inclusion. This BPaaS 
will be the vehicle to enable anyone to benefit from this technology.

This will help idea originators create their own blockchain innovation lab, with the necessary 
infrastructure and set of integrated tools. It will empower them to test-drive blockchain applications and 
experiment with the technology at a fraction of the cost and time.

Working closely with business partners, we will offer comprehensive blockchain-based solutions. Our 
partner-driven model allows us to bring in complementary emerging technology and blockchain 
expertise, allowing customers to experiment with and build bleeding edge blockchain applications atop 
our platform.

This project is founded by a cross-functional team that has a combined 70 years’ experience in artificial 
intelligence, blockchain, mobile application, cybersecurity and IoT across Europe and Asia. We are 
advised by a seasoned advisory team consisting of industry veterans, prominent angel investors with 
over 125 years’ experience in legal, IP, IT, finance, investment and technology.

‘

The Best way to predict the Future, is to build it’ ~ Abraham Lincoln.

 



1

3
3
4

5
5
7 
8 

14 
15
15

17
18

19
20
21
22

23
24

25
29

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

INTRODUCTION
Vision for Blockchain Platform as a Service: Inclusion
Problem Statements
Four Pillars of Value - Our Solution for Inclusion and Blockchain

MORPHEUS LABS BLOCKCHAIN PLATFORM AS A SERVICE
Overview
Platform Architecture Overview
Platform Architecture and Principles
Platform Components Overview

THE MARKET OPPORTUNITY
Market Size
Business Model
Go-to-Market Strategy 

ROADMAP 
Platform Technical Roadmap
Business Roadmap

TOKEN INFORMATION
Token Use Cases
Token Generation Event Structure
Token Distribution
Financial Plan

WHY MORPHEUS LABS BLOCKCHAIN PLATFORM AS A SERVICE
For the Investor
For the User

OUR TEAM AND PARTNERS
Core Team Members
Founding Advisors

Table of Contents

2



Vision for Blockchain Platform as a Service: Inclusion
INTRODUCTION

Problem Statements

3

Blockchain is a cryptographically secure distributed ledger technology that allows businesses and 
government to streamline their business processes built on top of a new generation of applications and 
cross entity services. It provides trust, accountability and transparency by using a shared ledger among 
the distributed network of participants. We believe the power of the blockchain will fundamentally 
change the way we interact and conduct business. The way forward is to build an inclusive society in 
which anyone can access this technology in a cost-effective manner.

The blockchain platform will provide corporates, banks, financial institutions and government entities 
easy access to a platform that enables them to develop, test and manage blockchain applications 
using different blockchain protocols supported by the platform to achieve rapid prototyping, cost 
efficiency and a fail-safe environment. This way, organisations can stimulate and encourage 
innovation.

The platform will support distributed hosting for blockchain network nodes and off-chain applications 
while providing a centralised platform service for developing, managing and regulating blockchain 
networks. Ultimately, our platform will enable anyone to partake in this revolutionary technology.

Distributed ledger technology (DLT), also known as blockchain, is a relatively new technology made 
famous by Bitcoin in 2008. Globally, governments, enterprises and idea owners are eager to find the 
best fit use cases in various industries. Restrained by global shortages of experienced blockchain 
talents, and challenged by evaluating and adopting blockchain technology, most projects were initiated 
as proof-of-concepts and most ideas died before they could pivot or mature for commercialisation. 
Most of the time, these challenges can be identified as listed below:

Which DLT?
Enterprises have difficulties evaluating multiple blockchain technologies and selecting which 
to use because they lack collective blockchain expertise and a single 
multiple-blockchain-enabled test environment. For example, many blockchain technologies 
are available now, such as Ethereum, HyperLedger, Multichain, Ripple and more, but no 
single platform provides a test environment for these blockchains, and no single technology 
vendor or consulting firm has deep collective knowledge of these blockchains to help 
enterprises select the best fitting blockchain technology.

Difficult to find fit use cases and evaluate business benefits
Companies have difficulties finding the use cases that will apply to their industry and 
knowing how to evaluate the return on investment.

No easy way to install and test
Piecing together the blockchain nodes, storage, cloud development environment and 
GitHub requires a lot of effort and time.



4

Four Pillars of Value—Our Solution for Inclusion 
and Blockchain

High development cost
The cost of blockchain project development, whether in-house or outsourced, is 
prohibitive for a lot of enterprises to build an application from scratch for idea valida-
tion, let alone going through trials and errors. Thomas Edison famously ‘failed’ 10,000 
times before inventing the light bulb. Our platform makes failing less costly and allows 
innovation to go through its natural process.

Evaluate Various Blockchain Technologies on one Platform
Using multiple blockchain technologies and multiple experiment environments on one platform 
minimises the time to switch between various platforms, applications and providers.

Crowd Sourcing
Obtain services, ideas, or tools by soliciting contributions from a wide range of partner experts, and 
curate crowd contribution allowing broad aggregation of innovative ideas and solutions in a relatively 
short period.

Enterprise Grade
Scalable, secure and robust enterprise blockchain platform for rapid prototyping and easy production 
deployment in segregated environments for enterprises.

Ready to Deploy App (from our App Library)
Quickly build and validate blockchain use cases atop select pre-deployed blockchain applications by 
leveraging our ready to deploy blockchain applications. This shortens the time and lowers the costs to 
create a fail-safe and fast environment.



Overview
MORPHEUS LABS BLOCKCHAIN PLATFORM AS A SERVICE

5

Platform Architecture Overview

The following diagram provides a high-level view of our vision of our blockchain platform.

Morpheus Labs Blockchain Platform as a Service (BPaaS) simplifies and expedites your blockchain 
application development and gives you the flexibility to choose between available programming 
languages and blockchain runtimes that better suit your needs. You receive unparalleled benefits from 
an integrated collaborative development environment, workspace management, version control reposi- 
tory and many preconfigured tasks. Let our platform do the heavy lifting while you focus on value-add-
ing work such as application creation and experimenting with the blockchain technologies at a fraction 
of the cost and time. The following paragraphs describe our competitive advantages.

TURN-KEY SOLUTION
Preconfigured ready-to-use blockchain solutions support multiple blockchains and 
integrated development. The test environment provides the most efficient 
blockchain platform services and addresses the most technical challenges being 
faced by enterprises.

ACCESSIBLE
Our team is cross functional and experienced in the business of blockchain with 
varied backgrounds.

TRUSTED
Our idea and our founder has been accepted into SGInnovate, Singapore 
Government’s hand-picked start-up group. Staffed by the most skilled engineers 
and award-winning team, SGInnovate has extensive experience in implementing 
large scale and complex platform applications.

ROBUST, SECURE AND SCALABLE
All resources and support are made ready on the cloud, allowing you to customise 
and deploy applications anytime and anywhere in a secure, reliable and scalable 
environment. The platform is hosted in a private cloud environment during MVP and 
Phase 1. It will be hosted in a leading cloud environment, such as AWS, from Phase 
2 onwards.

COST EFFICIENT
We stand by the quality of our products and services. We are committed to 
providing value to our clients with no hidden costs. Blockchain for inclusion is our 
mantra.



6

Access & 
Identify
Management

Security
ProtectionOther

Services

Applications

Off-chain
Applications

Blockchain 
Applications

CDIE & Tools

Command
Line Interface
(CLI)

Cloud
Development
Enviroment

Blockchain

Other 
BlockchainHyperledger Ethereum

Blockchain
Monitor & 
Management

Sample
Applications

API

Cloud

VM / 
Containers

VM / 
Containers

VM / 
Containers

VM / 
Containers

VM / 
Containers

R
ea

dy
 to

 u
se

 T
ra

de
 E

xc
ha

ng
e 

R
ea

dy
 to

 u
se

 C
ry

pt
o 

Ex
ch

an
ge

 

R
ea

dy
 to

 u
se

 B
an

ki
ng

 A
PI

s

API

Blockchain Platform as a Service
We offer all businesses an integrated blockchain platform to rapidly develop, test and deploy enterprise 
blockchain applications at a fraction of the cost. The platform can also be used by individual 
developers.

Multiple blockchain technology, private blockchain alongside public blockchain.

In-region hosted cloud data centres, leveraging VM and Docker container virtualisation 
technology to provide a reliable and scalable cloud environment.

Integrated cloud development environment with suite of tools to develop, test and deploy 
blockchain applications.

Preconfigured sample applications and ready-to-use applications from in-platform applica-
tion marketplace and ready-to-use APIs published (e.g., banking APIs) for fast prototyping 
and easier customisation. For example, we provision open sourced trade exchange or 
cryptocurrency exchange, as shown above.

User and identity access management and security protection services to secure access to 
the platform.

Support micro service–based application architecture to easily composite new applications.

Able to expose blockchain applications as APIs and consume external APIs.



The platform will also provide one-stop management services for:

Provisioning and governing blockchain network

Applying operational intelligence to blockchain network

Provisioning software and middleware as application services.

7

Platform Architecture Principles

Refer to Platform Components Overview for a comprehensive view of the platform services to be 
provided.

Ethereum           

Hyperledger Fabric          

Multichain                 

NEM

Long-term success and scalability of the platform is underpinned by the specific platform architecture 
principles outlined below:

Adopt open standards by design, specifically leveraging open source tools and technolo-
gies where appropriate.

Conform to a layered architecture with modular and pluggable components.

Build on robust cloud technology to support scalability, elasticity and auto-provisioning of 
compute resources.

Facilitate blockchain applications to remain agnostic of underlying computer and network 
structures on the platform.

Provide a secure segregated environment for users’ entities to host their blockchain 
network, thus maintaining data privacy.

Provide containerised technology such as containers and virtual machines, for hosting of 
blockchain nodes on the platform in a distributed way.

Support micro-service architecture pattern in developing and hosting blockchain 
applications.

Provide a defined way to integrate self-provisioned middleware services in the platform for 
additional integration with external world and other private or public blockchain networks.

Because of the evolutionary nature of blockchain technology, new protocols are emerging. 
The platform is architected to support any blockchain protocol, specifically, the following 
protocols initially:

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.



Platform Components Overview

  

Platform Presentation Layer

8

Our integrated blockchain platform consists of the following components that provide ready-to-use 
resources for rapid blockchain application prototyping, development and hosting. The components 
will be available for use on the platform in phases.

Platform Admin Console
The admin console component aggregates the administrative functions required to manage the 
platform. Administrative functions include monitoring, management, audit and security checking of the 
components of the platform. This console will be used by the platform system administrators.

Blockchain Operation Console
The operations console aggregates the operational activities required to manage the blockchain 
network provisioned on the platform. The operational activities include self-provisioning, monitoring 
health and membership management of the blockchain network. It will be used by blockchain network 
owners, auditors and member operators.

Blockchain Developer Workspace
This workspace provides development and deployment capabilities for the blockchain and off-chain 
developers. It provides DevOps capabilities to the blockchain application developers to develop, test 
and deploy their code on test environments for both smart contracts and off-chain applications before 
deploying to production instances.

Executive Dashboard
The dashboard provides an executive view of blockchain technology adoption by business owners 
and their management teams. Executive users will be able to track key performance indicators 
focusing on multiple dimensions of blockchain adoption.



9
 

DevOps Tooling 

The platform provides DevOps tooling to facilitate rapid development of conventional or micro 
service–based blockchain applications and solution templates for rapid prototyping. These include but 
are not limited to source code management, continuous integration, protocol specific IDEs and tooling.

Off-chain DevOps Tools
This comprises a set of development and operations tools for platform developers to rapidly develop 
and host off-chain applications on the blockchain platform.

Application Store (Application Library)
Application store is a crowdsourced marketplace to curate all blockchain-based applications. It allows 
seekers to browse for ideas that suit their businesses and purchase ready-to-use or customised 
products; it also allows contributors to promote their applications.

Platform Command Line Interface and APIs
The platform command line interface (CLI) and API component provides command line tooling and 
APIs for the entities to interface with the blockchain platform to manage blockchain applications, 
networks and accounts.

Blockchain Protocol–Specific DevOps Tooling
Since different blockchain technologies provide different tools for the development of blockchain 
applications, the blockchain platform supports either the host of those tools on the platform or provides 
API/CLIs for integrating with the tools.



-

Platform Support Systems

-

Blockchain Middleware Layer

10

User Account Management
The blockchain platform provides user and account management functions for the platform administra- 
tor and entity operators to manage their blockchain platform accounts.

Platform Identity Management
The blockchain platform will provide an identity management system to manage, authenticate and 
authorise blockchain platform users from multiple entities and public participants.

Configuration Management
The platform should provide a source code management system for the entities and public developers 
to manage the source code of their blockchain applications

Blockchain Protocol Runtime Images
The blockchain protocol runtime is a logical component that provides the runtime of blockchain proto- 
cols (such as HyperLedger Fabric supported by the platform as collections of virtual images, or Docker 
containers. It also provides sandbox environments for the supported protocol.

Blockchain Event Hub and Gateway Adapters
The blockchain Event Hub and Gateway Adapters provide the asynchronous messaging or event 
backbone for blockchain applications, as well as integrating with the enterprise systems. These are 
used for the integration of blockchain networks using different protocols, integration of blockchain 
solutions running on BPaaS with the entity’s backend systems and integration of blockchain solutions 
that require asynchronous communication.



11

-

-

 Blockchain 
Ethereum Development 
Sandbox
Multi-Chain Development 
Sandbox
Hyperledger Fabric 
Development Sandbox
Other blockchain 
development sandbox

Infrastructure Services Layer

Platform Management Layer

 Language 
Java Runtime
Node.js Runtime
.Net Runtime
GO Runtime

Database 
MySQL
PostgreSql
CouchDB

Cryptographic and Security Services
The cryptographic and security services provide a collection of security software components as 
services.

API Management Services
The platform provides API management as a platform services in the catalogue. This allows block- 
chain applications to be exposed as APIs, employing security and governance around the API.

Application Services
The application services component represents a collection of application software and APIs that 
should be services on the platform, to be used in developing blockchain applications. For example, 
data and analytics services, multi-tenant content management services and notification services.

Docker Containers Infrastructure
The Docker container infrastructure provides a complete infrastructure virtualisation suite to manage 
and optimise Docker containers on the blockchain platform.

Virtual Machine Infrastructure
Virtual machine infrastructure provides a complete infrastructure virtualisation suite to manage and 
optimise hardware infrastructure of the Morpheus Labs BPaaS platform.

Platform Catalogue Management
This component provides capabilities to create and manage middleware services and blockchain 
specific services. Administrative users can create new services and add them to the catalogue. 
Platform users can access available platform services in the catalogue and self-provision new instanc- 
es of these services for their use.

Some of the examples of services in the catalogue could be:



12

Blockchain Monitoring Dashboard
This component provides a monitoring dashboard to collect and display monitoring metrics and reports 
for each blockchain network on the platform. It includes performance data, network information about 
member nodes status, ledger state and deployed smart contracts. The dashboard provides separate 
views for different types of operators (blockchain network operators, entity operators, regulators).

Blockchain Permission Management
The permission management component provides blockchain network operators and owners the 
capability to manage membership and permissions of blockchain users and nodes within a blockchain 
network.

Blockchain Network Registry
The Blockchain Network Registry is the key component that manages provisioning of blockchain 
networks on the blockchain platform. It interacts with other components to create new blockchain 
networks as well as add nodes to an existing network.

Blockchain Audit Management
This component provides audit management capabilities to the blockchain network auditors or regula- 
tors. These users can audit the transactions on the blockchain network to verify compliance with 
regulations and to detect any fraudulent behaviour.



13

Metering and Subscription Management

Metering management provides a set services for collection of usage information and metering the 
platform usage for the accounts. It also provides a service to define subscription plans for platform 
services.



Market Size
THE MARKET OPPORTUNITY

Year 2030
Blockchain market is estimat-

ed to be worth

$3.16
Trillion

$2
Billion

$1
Billion

$ 500
Million

Token Sales
Source: Forbes 2017

Coinbase
Valuation Q2 2017

Investments
Blockchain Startups in 

2016 (non-ICOs)

14



Business Model

Go-to-Market Strategy

15

Morpheus Labs BPaaS is founded as an enterprise-grade B2B platform as a service, enabling 
businesses to rapidly prototype their ideas and validate potential markets in a cost- and time-efficient 
manner. The platform also supports a B2C model for freelancers to develop their applications or provide 
professional services. Alternatively, individual developers can use it as a learning or prototyping platform. 
Apart from providing a lab-like environment, the platform also provides blockchain application 
development and hosting services, and a marketplace for contributing and selling blockchain 
applications.

Subscription
Ideas take time to evolve and software applications need a lab-like environment for continuous 
improvement and upgrading. To ensure long-term business sustainability and cost-effectiveness, our 
business model is based on a combination of fixed, recurring fees and one-time initial fees under three 
tiers (for enterprise). Each tier consists of different levels of support and service:

Individual (free for limited functions, or payment applies for full functions) 
Starter
Optimum
Enterprise

Application Fees
Our marketplace of curated blockchain DaPPs enables developers or DaPP owners to earn fees. 
Morpheus Labs collects a commission from these fees—a practice akin to Apple’s App Store.

Cross Selling
We partner with global brands in the tech ecosystem to grow our revenue with existing customers and 
attract new ones. The cloud marketplaces and start-up accelerators are also exciting entities within our 
ecosystem with potential to contribute a significant revenue growth to our business.

Distributorship and Reseller
We have received enquiries for distributorship and reseller licensing from global and regional system 
integrators, telco and content providers.

Our strategy is to leverage our network of partners and distributors and reach out to potential users 
who have an acute need for our technology. As a B2B firm, partnering with the right distributors and 
platforms is key to scaling across various verticals rapidly.

As an infrastructure play, we intend to focus on building value-added peripheral services to maximise 
ease of deployment for companies and enterprises. We have secured numerous in-principle 
arrangements with enterprises to provide our BPaaS and are in the process of sealing partnerships 
with MOUs.



16

Using our platform, our customers can serve their existing clients with higher value-adding services. In 
addition, by tapping into their network distribution channels, this will create additional demand for their 
existing services platform.

For the B2C model, we leverage digital marketing to build our brand as a leading integrated BPaaS 
platform and increase market awareness to enable networks to attract freelancers and individual 
developers.

Our platform has attracted attention from the market; the following are some of the key stakeholders 
and partners who have approached us:

Software development houses

System integrators (SIs)

Blockchain as a service providers

Telecommunication companies

Major Internet content providers

Government related agencies

Education institutions such as universities and polytechnics 

Established accelerators and incubators



Platform/Technical Road Map
ROAD MAP

17

Phase 0: Design and Version Alpha - Sep 2016
Develop alpha version, which is focused on the implementation of Platform Presentation Layer (refer 
to Platform Components Overview). The purpose of this phase is to create a fundamental set of 
user-facing functionalities and applications catered for the public to try.

Phase 1: Develop DevOps Tooling - Jan 2018
MVP with user interface (UI) and technology enhancements based on feedback from usage of 
Version Alpha. Deploy basic DevOps tooling, which aims to facilitate rapid development of 
blockchain applications and rapid prototyping (refer to Platform Components Overview). This will 
enable our first batch users to try hands-on prototyping. The basic blockchain network is 
preconfigured in this phase. Only HyperLedger Fabric and Ethereum are supported.

Phase 2: Support Co-creation and Group Development - Apr 2018
With careful implementation of Phase 1, we will deploy (refer to Platform Components Overview) 
further enhancements of DevOps tooling to support co-working and group development. We will 
enable micro service–based blockchain application development and allow exposure of the 
application services as APIs. Multichain is supported in this phase. And limited admin and operation 
console functions are supported.

This is to allow further and faster innovation, sharing of ideas and bringing ideas to fruition. This will 
further boost our user base and usage frequency. Before this phase, the team will be further 
expanded to implement API, micro-service, multichain and consoles within the schedule.

Phase 3: Commercialisation Phase - Jul 2018
After two phases with key feedback gathered to improve user experience, we will be ready for a final 
push in this phase to provide a comprehensive platform of services. At this stage, our platform will 
enable users to manage their monthly usage of the platform, hence permitting the commercialisation 
of our service (refer to Platform Components Overview). Further team expansion will be required to 
perform comprehensive testing to prepare platform commercialisation.

Phase 4: User Experience Enhancement - Oct 2018
As our users grow and the development environment stabilises, we will next focus on building a new 
set of capabilities to empower and encourage our users to try different blockchains and find the most 
suitable for their product by evaluating different features of different blockchains using our platform 
(refer to Platform Components Overview for additional services provided by our platform).

Phase 5: Interoperability Between Blockchains - Future, 2019



Business Road Map 

18

Phase 1 - Q3 2016
Idea and founder was hand-picked by SGInnovate (a Government initiative)

Phase 2 - June 2017
Founding advisory team joined in August
Received and in discussions with global names on distributorship 
Top 5 (out of global 22 bidders) in Smart Dubai Government

Phase 3 - Oct 2017
Received initial seed investment
Government Polytechnic in Singapore in discussion of a 5-campus implementation of our 
solution and co create a curriculum
Signed MoU with Proline Integrated Intelligence (one of biggest System integrators) on Turkey 
smart nation projects (Starts with airport)
Received proposal for distributorship and JV in Japan, Malaysia and Dubai

Phase 4 - Feb 2018 (Southeast Asia)
Launch official Token Sales
Collaboration with Veritag technology on building tracking PoC
Official sales partnership campaign for Southeast Asia region

Phase 5 - June 2018
Official sales partnership campaign for rest of Asia and UAE region
Launch blockchain lab across Southeast Asia in all established and recognised innovation labs, 
accelerators, co-working spaces, colleges and universities

Phase 6 - Future
Launch blockchain lab across rest of Asia and UAE in innovation labs, accelerators,
co-working spaces, college and universities. 
Sales activities launch in rest of Asia and UAE.



Token Use Cases
TOKEN INFORMATION 

Platform subscription 
payment

Payment for different tiers of services

Applications 
usage fee

Distributorship 
licensing fee

19

Download to use wide range of applications in our 
app store with exclusive benefits

Download to customise, or engage the application 
owner to customise for you

Financial settlement for various tiers of licensing

Resources support and sharing

Token swapping and 
trading

Token swap among apps within the network

Traded on cryptocurrency exchange

Morpheus Infrastructure Token Use Cases
The token used in all Morpheus Labs platform services will be called Morpheus Infrastructure Token 
version x (MITx). MITx is an ERC-20–compliant token and is designed to be used within the Morpheus 
BPaaS network for all services and products rendered.

The services are: Platform subscription payment, Application usage fee and Distributorship licensing 
fee, as stated below:

The primary use of the token is for both platform subscription and application-related usage, whereby 
users can use these tokens to procure any services within the platform network, and pay service 
providers within it. Users can switch among different subscription tiers with full flexibility. Upgrades are 
featured for applications that are chosen.



20

Token Generation Event Structure

 Name:   Morpheus Infrastructure Platform
 Token Name:   MITx (Morpheus Infrastructure Token version x)
 Total Supply:  1,000,000,000 (1B)
 Token Sales:  250,000,000 (250M)
 Decimals:   8
 Value:    8,000 MITx to 1 ETH 

As more blockchain applications are curated on our app store, MITx will also allow convertibility to 
discount coupons for other ICOs within our network. This will translate into cost savings and 
promotional items in other applications.

Financial settlement and resources support between licensees and licensors, where distributorship 
could be easily managed, facilitates critical real-time support for any distributors or sub-distributors in 
any corner of the world. Easy token swapping among our app stores will also permit savings on 
transactional fees and more effective portfolio management for individual and corporate investors.

MITx will be traded on crypto exchanges and this offers token holders the flexibility to trade and 
liquidate their holdings, if they so choose. They will be able to convert to fiat currency or swap to other 
cryptocurrencies. Holders can capitalise on trading opportunities and maximise value appreciation of 
their tokens.

A total of 1 Billion MITx will be minted. 250 million MITx issued to the public in this Token Generation 
Event (TGE). The release of the 250 million MITx is to generate sufficient funding for us and to hold us 
accountable for the funds. The remaining MITx will be used and reserved for business expansion, and 
will only be released in future according to the product roadmap.

All proceeds generated from Morpheus TGE will be used only for product and business development

Once the cap of USD 25M is reached, the public sale will close regardless of which phase the sale is in. 
Our token will be listed in exchange upon token events closed, irregardless in amount raised.

For public who are unable to participate in first token sale, the remaining tokens be their opportunity to 
participate. Release date will follow closely our product roadmap.



21

Token Distribution

10%

25%

10%

Token Sales

Foundation

Team
10%
Reserve 

30%
Listing

15%
Ecosystem & Partnership

Token Sales:
Team
Foundation
Ecosystem & Partnership
Reserve
Listing
Total
  

20%
10%
10%
15%
10%
30%
100%

TOKEN
DISTRIBUTION

Conversely, should the token sales not fully sell, the unsold tokens will be put into a market maker that 
is tasked with preserving the tokens’ price stability.

These tokens will be used to facilitate all transactions initiated and processed with the Morpheus 
Infrastructure Platform. These include: platform subscription payment, app store–related payment and 
financing distributorship.



22

   

Financial Plan

All proceeds generated from the token swap campaign will be used solely for platform and 
business development to ensure long-term sustainability. Fund allocation has been carefully 
planned to ensure smooth growth and achieve maximum operation efficiency, with the aim to be 
the most powerful platform to facilitate blockchain developments.

Platform Development and Operations (35%)
A significant amount is allocated for our core platform development, as planned in the roadmap 
and listed in Platform Components Overview. It is a top priority to convert all our distributorship 
and collaboration enquiries to revenue generating channels with strong backend support and 
operations in place.

Sales and Marketing (30%)
Branding, online and offline marketing efforts are necessary not only to spread awareness of us 
across the globe but also to support our distributors by increasing their sales efficiency.

Research and Development (20%)
This amount caters for research and development work which will result in potential new services 
or enhancements like blockchain interoperability that might occur because of the fast changing 
nature of blockchain technology. It will also allow us to in the business environment, for example, 
capturing a new market that has a surge in demand.

Legal and Others (15%)
This amount is set aside for legal, ad hoc activities and fees for engagement of external parties’ 
services, such as events, conferences, software licensing, local services, translation and others.

FINANCE
DISTRIBUTION

15%

35%
20%

30%

R & D

Sales & Marketing

Platfrom Development
& Operations

Legal and Others



Why Morpheus Labs Blockchain Platform as a Service
Imagine trying to run a business (provide a service or sending a good) without roads, elec-
tricity and telecommunications in place. Running operations would be extremely hard, and 
communication externally or internally would not be efficient.

Hence, for all growing economies, there is a need for a well-designed, stable and scalable 
infrastructure. This is similar to the blockchain economy, which is one of the latest and 
fastest growing technologies, and which governments and enterprises across the globe have 
identified, pledging huge resources to adopt significantly in the next decades. Our goal is to 
be the enabler for this technology, building ‘roads and infrastructure’ for the blockchain 
world.

Our BPaaS is based on our mission to provide efficient connectivity among all networks and 
resources; hence, it provides a conducive environment for innovation to fast track success. 
We have a seasoned and highly skilled team in entrepreneurship, application development 
and implementation of large scale infrastructure, coupled with the strong support of a com-
mitted and prominent advisory team who are leaders of their own industry with strong 
networks.

We are confident and committed to commercially and viably scaling our BPaaS operations 
and capturing a huge blockchain market.

For Investor 
We are in the midst of a surge of interest across global markets in blockchain technology. 
We have also witnessed Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies gaining popularity.

Interest in blockchain technology is likely to grow with an increased push for blockchain 
adoption across industries. We aim to leverage this rising wave of intensive interest as we 
launch our blockchain platform.

While Google has been successful as a platform for information, and Alibaba as a platform 
for products, our platform is in the same category regarding value creation. Here, we stand 
at the forefront ready to lead the next technology revolution.

Since we launched our private Version Alpha in mid-2017, we have received overwhelming 
enquiries for partnership, distributorship and various forms of collaboration from Southeast 
Asia and UAE regions.

These enquiries are mainly from key industry players such as major system integrators, 
global tech giants, educational institutes and government innovation departments. Most 
have indicated interest to sign collaboration agreements once our commercialised version is 
ready.

23



For User 
We are focused on providing the best UI and experience for your development environment 
on the cloud. The aim is to disrupt current inefficient ways and processes of validating ideas 
by enabling rapid prototyping and avoiding unnecessary costs.

This is an integrated and one-stop platform for your development team, hassle free, with all 
resources ready to hand. After all, as a business owner, time should be spent on developing 
and designing a better idea or solution, not on sourcing tools or resources to build it. 

24



Core Team Members
OUR TEAM AND PARTNERS 

Chuang Pei-Han

Bachelor of Information Systems (University of Melbourne, Australia)
Finance Technology: Future Commerce (Ave. 95%: Leader of voted Global top Capstone 
project—Massachusetts Institute of Technology).

After seven years’ experience in banking, Pei-Han turned to his first venture and built a series of 
successful business. He has experience in raising multi-million investments and has built a proven 
track record in the management of accounts with large conglomerates. He has successfully grown one 
of his start-ups to a million dollar–generating business. His BPaaS was selected and incubated in 
SGInnovate, as first batch incubatees.

Having been through the delivery of 25 software development cycles, he has developed core expertise 
in handling multi-million deals and high-level marketing campaigns. Pei-Han’s past clientele includes 
Scoot, Singapore Airlines, Vivocity, Shwe Taung Group, Chinsu Myanmar Group, Prince Hotel Group, 
Taiwan Tourism Board and other major enterprises.

Branson Lee

Bachelor of Computer Engineering (Nanyang Technology University, Singapore)
Finance Technology: Future Commerce (Massachusetts Institute of Technology).

Branson is currently an ex-co-member of the Singapore Fintech Association and heads the Talent 
Committee. With over 13 years’ experience in business development and channel partnership, 
Branson was selected as one of only two undergraduates during his university days to undergo 
internship with Sun Microsystems. Branson has worked at LinkedIn and is currently heavily involved in 
the blockchain and start-up ecosystem. He is also an active public speaker for blockchain and Fintech 
events.

25



Dorel Dumitru Burcea

Bachelor in Physics (University of Bucharest); MBA (University of Liverpool)
Member of Institute of International Finance

Dorel has over 16 years’ experience in application development and infrastructure management. He 
has been a technology leader with seasoned experience in large B&FSI, overseeing multi-million digital 
transformation projects with focus on digital revenue streams, digital ledger businesses, omni-channel 
businesses, payment services and open API services. Beside his leadership position as Digital 
Transformation ICT Manager—Group CIO at UniCredit Bank, Dorel is an entrepreneur in Tech 
Accelerators @CampFlex, Cyber Security Services @Revel Tech, and Internet of Things Advisor 
@Lucas Bernoulli.

Bruce Lu Yang

Bachelor in Applied Mathematics (Tianjin University)
Executive MBA (Rutgers Business School)
Finance Technology: Future Commerce (Massachusetts Institute of Technology)

Bruce has more than 20 years’ experience in software development and technology innovation with 
business acumen. He has worked with IBM, as a technical leader, focusing on cloud application 
development and technology innovation in various industries. Throughout his professional career, he 
has successfully delivered more than 20 projects. He has been focusing on blockchain technology 
research, prototyping and implementation for the last few years. Recently, as the lead architect, he 
successfully implemented a business application using HyperLedger Fabric for his client, which is the 
first production implementation of HyperLedger Fabric V1.0 in the region, and probably one of the first 
few in the world.

26



Eddy Low 

Bachelor of Multimedia Design (The One Academy of Malaysia)

UI designer Eddy Low specialises in strategy and design. He creates better UI and user experiences 
through design for mobile and desktop clients. Eddy has over 10 years’ working experience in the 
design industry. He works closely with clients to ensure the design solutions meet their requirements 
and business directions. UOB, OCBC, DBS, Standard Chartered Bank are examples of clients he 
works with. Currently, he is studying in Japan for his higher education.

27

Xiao Lei, CFA (China)
Master’s Degree in ICMA at Reading University.

Xiao Lei is an active Blockchain Blogger in greater China region with strong followers. With 10 years of 
international banking experience in Hong Kong, Thailand and China. Led more than 20 projects 
including Bank Transformation, SME risk model development, China-Thailand cross-border payment 
solution with Alibaba.com and Alipay,. 8 years in Bangkok Bank,  Kasikornbank. Wing Lung Bank- the 
Hong Kong subsidiary of China Merchants Bank, Deputy head (strategic, planning and transformation) 
China Minsheng Banking Corporation.

Edward Loke
Bachelor of Information System Technology and Design (Singapore University of technology and 
Design, Singapore)

Edward has successfully delivered multiple web and mobile applications for big clients, including local 
financial institutions and banks abroad, during his professional career in IBM. Edward is also fluent in 
design thinking and is a strong advocate of Agile Development.



Xu Cong

Bachelor of Information system (National University of Singapore, Singapore)

Having worked as a senior UX technology consultant in IBM for three years, Xu Cong has experience 
executing multi-million mobile and web engagement with global clients from multiple industries, 
including banking, retail and manufacturing. He helps his clients shape their digital strategies, create 
bold innovations and deliver the best user experiences to their customers using transformational 
technology.

28

Clara Zhou 
Zhejiang Yuexiu University of Foreign Languages

With extensive experience in English - Chinese translation, and season in community building, 
technical news & article write up. A blockchain Enthusiast with excellent PR & marketing skills

Hanna Bae
M. Professional Accounting, Brisbane, Queensland University of Technology.
B.Comms., Public Relations, Melbourne, RMIT University.

Hanna is fluent in both the language of business and communications. She has had great experience 
in online marketing and public relations. 

Her most recent experience in management consulting and accounting has equipped her to be better 
understanding of business operations and numbers. She’s a huge believer of blockchain technology 
and thinks that this will change the future for the better.



Founding Advisors

29

Liu Siyu 

Chair Professor of internet Finance (Nanking University: EMBA); Lecturer (Capital University of 
Economics and Business & China University of Political Science and Law)

Founder of Top Fund Blockchain capital and he is selected 2017 <Forbes> China top 30 under 30 Elite 
list and one of top blockchain influencers in China.

Kunio Okuda

An investor in cryptographic currency and also an entrepreneur. He is one of top influencers in Japan 
and skilled in ICO analysis.Currently involved in OmiseGO, Cindicator, GazeCoin, Swissborg, Lucyd
He is working on connecting projects with Japanese investors.



30

Dr. Rex Yeap 

Master of Science (Distinction—University of Leeds); DBA (University of South Australia);
Partner, Invention Capital; Vice-Chairman, BANSEA

Dr Rex Yeap is currently a Partner of Invention Capital LLP directing efforts towards the creation and 
commercialisation of novel inventions, and investing and incubating early stage companies. In addition, 
he is Vice Chairman of Business Angel Network (BANSEA) and also co-founder of an angel investment 
fund (BANSEA Fund One), and served as the Chair on its Investment Committee Board for this fund. 
Dr Yeap is the Head of Education in the Singapore Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Industry 
Association. Over the past decades his angel investment portfolio has included early stage technology 
companies, mostly in the information technology space, and increasingly Fintech space.

Dr Yeap has three decades of experience across the information technology value chain, which spans 
industry, government and academia. He is the co-inventor of the IP Blockchain (patents pending) and 
has created over 20 information technology–related patents and thousands of inventions over the past 
three decades, see http://ye.sg/patents.

George Han

Bachelor of Economics & Political Science (National University of Singapore)
MBA—Investment (Hull Business School)

George Han has extensive experience in helping start-ups raise investments. He has spent six years at 
a university incubator, during which time he helped create 80 start-ups and advised over 500 founders 
in their business development plans.

He has helped numerous companies raise their follow-on and Series A investment, and seen them 
grow to further successes. He is presently managing a cryptocurrency fund and spearheads the 
development of a financial technology platform.



31

Jared Polites 

B.BA (The university of Texas, Austin); M. Finance (Science Po; Paris)

Jared started his career at the FBI, where he was an Intelligence Analyst specializing in securities 
fraud. After the FBI. For the past 4 years, Jared has worked in marketing for high-growth tech and 
blockchain startups, including one year for a leading Asian VC firm. His specialties are growth 
marketing, focusing on PR, product marketing, and executing go-to-market strategies for early-stage 
projects. In total, Jared has worked on teams and roughly 25 ICOs actively raising over $150 million. 

Dr. Lee 李洛傑
MBA & PhD (Psychology & Economic) (University of California); Founder/Chairman (Excitron 
partners/Excitron Inc)

Dr. Lee is serial entrepreneur, investor and corporate  executive with  over 20 years international 
professional experience on 4 continents. In past 10+ years he help entrepreneurs and business owner 
in greater China region and the west to bridge cultural differences and produced successful business. 
He is an active Blockchain influencer and a frequent Keynote Speaker. Dr. Lee was the key negotiator 
between DEC & Compaq and China mobile & Ericsson. 

He is serial entrepreneur and sits in several board of directors and run 4 ventures in Asia and North 
America.


