

















































NKN: a Scalable Self-Evolving and Self-Incentivized Decentralized Network

NKN Lab

www.nkn.org
(Dated: March 13, 2018 Version: 1.0)

NKN (New Kind of Network) is a new generation of highly scalable, self-evolving and self-
incentivized blockchain network infrastructure. NKN addresses the network decentralization and
self-evolution by introducing Cellular Automata (CA) methodology [1, 2] for both dynamism and
efficiency. NKN tokenizes network connectivity and data transmission capacity by a novel and use-
ful Proof of Work. NKN focuses on decentralizing network resources, similar to how Bitcoin [3]
and Ethereum [4] decentralize computing power as well as how IPFS [5] and Filecoin[6] decentralize
storage. Together, they form the three pillars of the Internet infrastructure for next generation
blockchain systems. NKN ultimately makes the network more decentralized, efficient, equalized,
robust and secure, thus enabling healthier, safer, and more open Internet.

CONTENTS

1. Challenges 2
1.1. Limitations of P2P Networks 2
1.2. Resource Utilization 2
1.3. Net Neutrality & Fragmentation 2

2. Vision 2
2.1. Objectives of NKN 2
2.2. The Third Pillar: Networking 3
2.3. Elementary Components 3
2.4. Networking toolkit for Fast and Painless DApp Development 4

3. Technology Foundations 4
3.1. Cellular Automata 4
3.2. Rules as Formulas 5

4. New Kind of Network 5
4.1. Next Generation Decentralized Network 5
4.2. A Useful Proof of Work 6
4.3. Network Topology and Routing 6

4.3.1. Dynamics 7
4.3.2. Self-Organization 7
4.3.3. Self-Evolution 8

4.4. Efficient Decentralization 8

5. Cellular Automata Powered Consensus 8
5.1. Mainstream Consensus 8
5.2. Cellular Automata Powered Consensus 9

5.2.1. Scalability Issue of BFT and PBFT 9
5.2.2. Consensus in Cellular Automata Described by Ising Model 9
5.2.3. Ising Model 9
5.2.4. Link Between Cellular Automata and Ising Model 10
5.2.5. Majority Vote Cellular Automata as a Consensus Algorithm 10
5.2.6. Randomized Neighbors 10
5.2.7. Simulations of CA Consensus Algorithm 11
5.2.8. Extension to Asynchronous and Unreliable Networks 11

5.3. Proof of Relay 11
5.4. Potential Attacks 12

6. Conclusions 13

References 14



2

1. CHALLENGES

After years of transmutation, the Internet is in dan-
ger of losing its original vision and spirit. For exam-
ple, Network Neutrality is overturned [7]; spectrum and
bandwidth are not efficiently utilized; information is frag-
mented and can be censored; privacy protection is lim-
ited. These signal that the network needs a reform.

Existing solutions are not suitable for next generation
blockchain systems due to the following reasons:

• Utilize a centralized approach to improve efficiency.

• Sacrifice the scalability of the network to speed up
consensus.

• Limit participation rate of nodes or require autho-
rization to increase “security”.

• Use purely financial motivations or trusted third
parties to solve problems which should be solved
by mathematics and technology.

1.1. Limitations of P2P Networks

Peer-to-peer (P2P) networks currently face several ma-
jor challenges, which are the opportunities for NKN.
First static network topology is vulnerable to faulty and
malicious attack. Second, there is no economic self-
incentivized scheme for network connectivity and data
transmission. Finally, network scalability is widely sacri-
ficed to enhance controllability. These are all to be solved
by the NKN as shown in Fig. 1.

FIG. 1. Feature comparisons between existing solutions and
NKN.

1.2. Resource Utilization

A highly reliable, secure and diverse Internet is essen-
tial to everyone. Yet, huge inefficiency exists in the cur-
rent network when providing global connectivity and in-
formation transmission. It’s time to rebuild the network
we want, not just patch the network we have. A fully
decentralized and anonymous peer-to-peer system offers
huge potential in terms of improved efficiency, sustain-
ability and safety for industry and society.

1.3. Net Neutrality & Fragmentation

When the Federal Communications Commission
(FCC) approved a measure to remove the net neutral-
ity rules by the end of 2017 [7], a demand of ending our
reliance on big telecommunication monopolies and build-
ing decentralized, affordable, locally owned Internet in-
frastructure becomes ever stronger. The unrestricted and
private Internet access environment is becoming unsus-
tainable under an endless stream of attacks and blockage,
leading to selective and biased information propagation.
Without a proper incentivizing engagement scheme, it
is almost impossible to maintain a constant and secured
information propagation channel.

Furthermore, Internet has become fragmented due to
various reasons. This not only exacerbates separation but
also negatively impacts innovation of science, technology
and economy.

2. VISION

NKN intends to revolutionize the entire network tech-
nology and business. NKN wants to be the Uber or
Airbnb of the trillion-dollar communication service busi-
ness, but without a central entity. NKN aspires to free
the bits, and build the Internet we always wanted.

2.1. Objectives of NKN

NKN sets the following objectives:

• Any node can connect to this fully open network
from any place

• Promote network sharing

• Secure net neutrality from network layer innova-
tions

• Always keep network open and scalable

• Perform efficient and dynamic routing

• Tokenize network connectivity and data transmis-
sion assets and incentivize participating nodes



3

• Design and build the next generation of blockchain
network

2.2. The Third Pillar: Networking

By blockchainizing the third and probably the last
pillar of Internet infrastructure, NKN will revolutionize
the blockchain ecosystem by innovating on the network
layer, after Bitcoin [3] and Ethereum [4] blockchainized
computing power as well as IPFS [5] and Filecoin[6]
blockchainized storage. The next generation blockchains
based on NKN are capable of supporting new kind of de-
centralized applications (DApp) which have much more
powerful connectivity and transmission capability. The
vision of NKN is not only to revolutionize the decentral-
ized network layers, but also to develop core technologies
for the next generation blockchain.

Core Building Blocks of 
Compute Infrastructure

Compute:

Bitcoin

Ethereum

Storage:

IPFS/

Filecoin

Network:

NKN

FIG. 2. NKN as the 3rd pillar of blockchainized Internet
infrastructure.

2.3. Elementary Components

NKN builds upon several innovative elementary com-
ponents that are different from existing solutions, as
shown in Fig. 3.

Application Layer: DApps & Smart Contracts

Incentive Layer:

Transmission & Connectivity Tokenized

Consensus Layer:

More Useful Proof of Work: Proof of Relay

Networks Layer:

Cellular Automata Rules & Dynamic Topology

Block Structure, Cryptography etc. 

FIG. 3. NKN elementary components.

1. Blockchainizing the remaining core building
blocks of computing infrastructure: NKN in-

troduces the concept of decentralized data trans-
mission network (DDTN) scheme and utilizes truly
decentralized blockchain to provide network con-
nectivity and data transmission capability by us-
ing massive independent relay nodes to solve the
problem of precipitation of redundant data on the
network.

2. Cellular Automata powered DDTN: NKN in-
troduces the idea of using Cellular Automata to
reconstruct the network layer. The intrinsic char-
acteristics of Cellular Automata such as decentral-
ization, peer equivalence and concurrency enable us
to build a truly decentralized blockchain network.

3. Cellular Automata driven consensus: NKN
achieves consensus efficiently with high fault tol-
erance in large scale distributed systems based on
Cellular Automata, which is essential for decentral-
ized systems without trusted third parties.

4. Proof of Relay, A Useful Proof of Work: NKN
proposes Proof of Relay (PoR), a mechanism that
encourages participants to contribute to blockchain
network by sharing their connectivity and band-
width to get rewards, enhancing network connec-
tivity and data transmission capacity. PoR is a
useful Proof of Work (PoW).

5. Tokenization of network connectivity and
data transmission capability: NKN tokenizes
network connectivity and data transmission capa-
bility by encouraging participants to share their
connectivity and bandwidth in exchange for tokens.
Idle network resources can be better used through
such sharing mechanism. NKN improves the uti-
lization of network resources and the efficiency of
data transmission. Refer to our paper on economics
model for details [8].

6. Networking toolkit for fast and painless
DApp development: With NKN, DApp devel-
opers now have a new networking toolkit to build
truly decentralized applications quickly and eas-
ily. DApp developers can focus entirely on cre-
ativity, innovation, user interface / user experi-
ence and business logic. This networking toolkit
is entirely complimentary to the toolkit by other
blockchain projects working on identity, machine
learning, payment, storage, and etc.

NKN utilizes Cellular Automata methodologies to
achieve full decentralization. All nodes are equal, truly
peer to peer, and each is capable of sending, receiving,
and relaying data. Cellular Automata makes it possible
to have simple local rules that can generate highly dy-
namical and highly scalable global network overlay topol-
ogy that is independent of the underlying physical and
logical infrastructure. The simplicity and locality of rules
make it possible to have cost efficient implementation



4

on all types of network devices, from Internet of Things
(IoT), smart phones, all the way to routers. Despite its
seemingly simplicity, Cellular Automata enabled routing
can be highly random and unpredictable, thus providing
superior security and privacy.

NKN nodes get rewarded for providing connectivity
and transmission power, resulting in a fully competitive
marketplace optimized for maximizing the entire network
capacity. For existing networks, NKN will increase the
utilization of connectivity and data transmission capacity
by sharing the unused bandwidth of participating nodes.
More and more new nodes will join the network to earn
reward, thus quickly bootstrapping and expanding the
NKN network. Existing nodes are incentivized to up-
grade and increase data transmission capacity. All of
above will further boost overall network capacity, as well
as improve the dynamic topology since the network has
much more degrees of freedom in choosing the route.

In addition, NKN proposes a novel and more useful
proof of work. Unlike traditional hashing computation
type Proof of Work that provides no additional utility,
NKN introduces Proof of Relay based on many useful ac-
tivities including staying on-line for extended period, ex-
panding amount of peer connection, providing high speed
and low latency relay, etc. Even the consensus algorithm
is designed from ground up to improve efficiency and fair-
ness, while converge deterministically and globally based
on local knowledge.

Furthermore, NKN is intended to promote network
sharing and network ownership by its users. NKN’s eco-
nomic model and governance model will reflect this in
design and in implementation. These technology and
economic model innovations complement each other and
together will amplify the power of NKN network.

2.4. Networking toolkit for Fast and Painless
DApp Development

With NKN, DApp developers now have a new net-
working toolkit to build truly decentralized applications
rapidly and painlessly. DApp developers can focus en-
tirely on the ideas and innovation, UI (user interface)
/UX (user experience), and business logic that make their
product successful to the end users. They no longer need
to wade through the wild jungle of blockchain, cryptog-
raphy, consensus mechanism, identity and security before
they even write one line of code for their users.

For example, in traditional app development with cen-
tralized SaaS (Software as a Service) offerings, one can
host app on cloud computing platforms, store data on
cloud storage, use web services for text message, phone
call and payment. In the decentralized blockchain world,
it is already conceivable today to build a new kind of
Facebook by using Ethereum [4] /NEO [9] for comput-
ing, IPFS [5] for storage, and NKN for networking. The
beauty of this new paradigm is that users will personally
own their identity and data, and can be both consumer

and provider in the entire system as well. On top of that,
at each layer there are built-in self-incentivized mecha-
nism to maximize the network effect and bootstrap the
entire community.

NKN will be one of the three foundational elements
and play a critical role in this decentralized paradigm.

3. TECHNOLOGY FOUNDATIONS

In this whitepaper, we take selective elements of the
NKS (New Kind of Science) [2] as inspiration. NKN uti-
lizes microscopic rules based on Cellular Automata to
define network topology, achieves self-evolution behav-
iors, and explores Cellular Automata driven consensus,
which is fundamentally different from existing blockchain
network layer.

As a powerful tool to study complex systems, Cellular
Automaton is closely linked to philosophical categories
such as simple and complex, micro and macro, local and
global, finite and infinite, discrete and continuous, etc.

3.1. Cellular Automata

Cellular 
Automata

Dynamic

Peer Equal

Decentralized

Open

Parallel

Simple

FIG. 4. Properties of Cellular Automata.

Cellular Automata (CA) is a state machine with a col-
lection of nodes, each changing its state following a local
rule that only depends on its neighbors. Each node only
has a few neighbor nodes. Propagating through local
interactions, local states will eventually affect the global
behavior of CA. The desired openness of network is deter-
mined by the homogeneity of Cellular Automata where
all nodes are identical, forming a fully decentralized P2P
(peer-to-peer) network. Each node in the NKN network
is constantly updating based on its current state as well
as the states of neighbors. The neighbors of each node are
also dynamically changing so that the network topology
is also dynamic without changing its underlying infras-
tructure and protocols.



5

NKN utilizes CA to achieve efficient, decentralized,
and dynamical topology such that information and data
can be transmitted efficiently and dynamically without
centralized connectivity.

3.2. Rules as Formulas

The Cellular Automata programming formula is called
“local rule”, which is an indispensable rule for next gen-
eration network of NKN and has an important influence
on the network topology [2, 10–13].

Proper choice of local rules leads to Cellular Automata
with complex but self-organized behaviors on the bound-
ary between stability and chaos. Rules are essential be-
cause they are formulas to program Cellular Automata
and Automata Networks. The static characteristics of a
Cellular Automaton is a discrete dynamic system defined
as

CA = (S,N,K, f) (1)

Finite number of nodes interact in a regular network.
S represents states of nodes, where each node has a lo-
cal state. The state of all nodes determines the global
state. N denotes the number of nodes in network. K de-
notes neighbor set, i.e. which neighbor nodes are taken
into account in local state transitions. f denotes a state
transition function, which has a dramatic impact on the
global evolution of the system.

The dynamic characteristics of a Cellular Automaton
is illustrated in Fig. 5. Dynamic evolution starts from
an initial state. Nodes change their states based on their
current states and the states of their neighbor nodes. The
global state is fully determined by local states of all nodes
and evolves accordingly.

Cellular Automata 
Characterization

Static

Dimension

Local State of Cells

State Transitions

Neighborhood

Dynamic

Dynamic 
Evolution

Initial Local State

Current State of a Cell

States of Neighbor Cells

Evolution 
Correlation

Local States Evolution

Global States Evolution

Dynamics of State 
Transitions

Synchronous

Asynchronous

Stochastic

FIG. 5. Characteristics of Cellular Automata.

The NKN team believes CA-based or CA-driven sys-
tems are more natural and organic than current ap-

proaches utilizing static and fully connected topology.
Complex systems with such a simple structure are closer
to natural systems, thus enabling self-evolution.

4. NEW KIND OF NETWORK

NKN is the next generation of peer to peer network
infrastructure built upon blockchain technology backed
by Cellular Automata theory aiming at revolutionizing
the Internet with true decentralization and native token
incentive mechanism.

4.1. Next Generation Decentralized Network

As the current leaders in blockchain, Bitcoin and
Ethereum tokenize computational power through Proof
of Work (PoW). IPFS [5], Filecoin [6], Sia [14] and Storj
[15], on the other hand, tokenize storage. Yet, few sys-
tems blockchainize network connectivity and data trans-
mission power, the third essential building block in the
Internet. NKN is designed to tokenize network connec-
tivity and data transmission capability as a useful PoW.

NKN solves the “efficiency” problem of blockchain by
equalizing all nodes in the network. Each node follows a
rule of Cellular Automaton and updates its state based
on local rules. Proposed by Von Neumann in 1940s, Cel-
lular Automaton (CA) is a generic term for a type of
model, a state machine characterized by discrete time,
space and interaction [16, 17]. It is a discrete system that
evolves locally according to specific rules and is proven
to be able to emulate the evolution of complex systems.
Cellular Automaton has the characteristics of decentral-
ization, peer equality and concurrency. For the first time,
NKN proposed Cellular Automata as the fundamental el-
ement of the network layer for blockchain, so as to ensure
that the entire network layer can benefit from it.

Updating formulas in Cellular Automata are called “lo-
cal rules”, which are found to be the critical factor that
controls the transition of Cellular Automaton between
stability and chaos [2]. As an indispensable part of NKN,
rules are one of the main factors impacting the network
topology.

NKN introduced the concept of Decentralized Data
Transmission Network (DDTN). DDTN combines mul-
tiple independent and self-organized relay nodes to pro-
vide clients with connectivity and data transmission ca-
pability. This coordination is decentralized and does not
require trust of any involved parties. The secure opera-
tion of NKN is achieved through a consensus mechanism
that coordinates and validates the operations performed
by each node. DDTN provides a variety of strategies for
decentralized application (DApp).

In contrast to centralized network connectivity and
data transmission, there are multiple efficient paths be-
tween nodes in DDTN, which can be used to enhance



6

data transmission capacity. Native tokens can incen-
tivize the sharing of network resources, and eventually
minimize wasted connectivity and bandwidth. Such a
property is termed “self-incentivized”.

4.2. A Useful Proof of Work

As the pioneering cryptocurrency, Bitcoin [3] is gen-
erated by mining, a Proof of Work mechanism that in-
centivizes miners to verify transactions by solving diffi-
cult hashing problems. The downside of Bitcoin mining
is that efficient mining requires specialized and expen-
sive hardware and consumes a lot of energy. Accord-
ing to Digiconomist, Bitcoin energy consumption rate is
close to 50 TWh/year at mid February 2018 and still in-
creasing, while the number is close to 14 TWh/year for
Ethereum. Electricity consumed by these two cryptocur-
rencies combined has surpassed the electricity usage of
many countries.

A way to prove the work while avoiding waste of re-
sources is highly desired. NKN proposes an alternative to
the current PoW by providing a more decentralized, dy-
namically evolving, self-organizing and self-evolving net-
work infrastructure and designing a whole new set of con-
sensus mechanisms. The novel PoW does not result in a
waste of resources. Instead, it is a peer-to-peer sharing
mechanism at blockchain level. Participants receive re-
wards by contributing more network resources than they
consume. NKN uses Proof of Relay mechanism to guar-
antee network connectivity and data transmission capac-
ity.

4.3. Network Topology and Routing

Cellular Automata on Networks (CAoN) is a natu-
ral extension of Cellular Automata [10, 11, 18] that is
able to model networks with non-geometric neighbor con-
nections. It is powerful when modeling networks whose
topology is evolving based on local rules. As the goal is
to build a decentralized blockchain system with dynamic
topology, CAoN is a natural model for the system.

We consider a dynamic P2P network with N nodes.
The network connections at time t can be described by
an N ×N adjacency matrix A(t) that evolves with time.
Connections between nodes can be added, removed, or
altered at each time step. If the dynamics of A is Marko-
vian, the updating process can be written as

A(t+ 1) = f [A(t)], (2)

where f is the updating rule of network topology. To keep
the updating rule local, f should be chosen such that only
information of the neighbors of each node is used when
updating its connections. The updating rule above does
not contain states of nodes, so the topology evolution is
independent of the state of any node. A more general

Markovian updating rule should take both topology of
the network and states of nodes into consideration such
that

A(t+ 1) = f [A(t), S(t)]

S(t+ 1) = g[A(t+ 1), S(t)]
(3)

where S(t) is a vector representing the states of all nodes
in the network at time t, f is the topology updating rule,
and g is the state updating rule. Similarly, f and g should
be chosen such that only information of current neigh-
bors are used when updating. The state could contain
historical information. An example state in blockchain
system is all the blocks that a node stores locally. Note
that although we describe the system formally using the
global state S and global connectivity A, each node i only
needs to know and store its local state Si and neighbors
{j|Aij 6= 0}.

Consider a CAoN in a blockchain system where blocks
are being generated. Each time a block is received, the
node updates its state and send the block to neighbors
with digital signature. The neighbors will decide whether
to forward the message depending on their states like if
it has received the block, if the block is valid, or conflict
with other block in state, effectively affecting the topol-
ogy of the entire network without changing the physical
layer or the underlying protocol.

As an example to illustrate how we model the network,
one can consider a general Network Automaton that al-
lows an arbitrary number of neighbors. For simplicity,
a minimalist approach is adopted to emulate blockchain
expanding and data relay from a small set of microscopic
rules. Initially (at time zero) the network is a 3D cubic
structure with 8 nodes, each has 3 neighbors, as shown
in Fig. 6.

X
Y

Z

FIG. 6. An example of Network Automata with 8 nodes form-
ing a cubic network in 3D space at initial state.

Starting from the simple network in Fig. 6, the system
is extended by adding nodes to it following various up-
dating rules. The resulting topology can be dramatically
different when different rules are used, as shown in Fig. 7.

NKN will bridge network evolution and blockchain
functions using similar network models with microscopic
rules. The simple local rules make replication straight-
forward, simplifying and accelerating system implemen-
tations.



7

(b)(a)

FIG. 7. Some examples of complex blockchain network
topologies with various simple rule sets (a) ring topology, rule
1655146, time step 1573; (b) pseudo-random topology, rule
1655185, time step 1573.

4.3.1. Dynamics

Dynamics in CAoN are purely local: each node eval-
uates the state transition independently of other nodes
and changes its state accordingly [19]. Node state can be
driven by either the interaction between nodes, or exter-
nal information, as shown in Fig. 8.

Be Commanded by an 
External Entity

Autonomously, Based on Some 
Internal Autonomous

Decision Making

FIG. 8. Possible conditions for a node to change its state in
CAoN.

Rules are crucial to the resulting topology in CAoN.
Network topology would be very different given small
changes in the updating rules, as shown in Fig. 9.

Although in the mathematical description discrete
time step was used for convenience, CAoN does not re-
quire nodes have any global time or discrete time. In-
stead, each node performs the update asynchronously
[19]. This is a more general and realistic description of
real blockchain networks.

4.3.2. Self-Organization

The global dynamics of Cellular Automata can be clas-
sified into 4 types [2]: steady, periodic, chaotic, and com-
plex. Our focus is in the complex type (Class 4), also
known as the edge of chaos, where all initial patterns
evolve into structures that interact in complex ways, with

(b)

(a)

(c)

FIG. 9. Dynamics of network topology by rewriting rules
of Cellular Automata at the same time step index, (a) rule
1655163, time step 1573; (b) rule 1655175, time step 1573; (c)
rule 1655176, time step 1573.

the formation of local structures that can survive for long
periods of time. Wolfram speculates that although not
all of the Class 4 Cellular Automata are capable of uni-
versal computation, many of them are Turing-complete.
This view has been successfully proven by the Rules 110
[2, 20] and Conway’s Game of Life [21]. Complex, self-
organizing and dynamical structures emerge spontaneous
in Class 4 CA, providing us an ideal candidate for the ba-
sis of decentralized systems.

Edges of ChaosStability Periodic Behavior Chaos

0.0 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.5 Langton’s λClass-1
Global 

Uniform 
Patterns

Class-2
Periodic, 
Regular 
Patterns

Class-4
Complex, Self-
organized 
Behavior

Class-3
Seemingly 
Random

Rule110 Rule30Rule04Rule248

FIG. 10. Wolfram’s 4 classes of behaviors versus Langton’s λ
parameter on 1D Cellular Automata.

A quantitative measure of the rule that can explain
and predict the behavior type of the CA is the Lang-
ton’s λ parameter defined by the fraction of rule table
entries that results in active state. As λ increases from



8

0, the system will transit from steady state to periodic
state, then to complex state, and finally to chaos state,
as shown in Fig. 10. In the classic 1D CA with nearest
neighbor interaction, Class 4 behavior emerges when λ is
around 0.3. Langton’s λ parameter provides us a theo-
retical guide on how to find the desired updating rules,
which is essential for high dimensional systems.

4.3.3. Self-Evolution

CAoN is inherently self-evolving due to its simple but
powerful local dynamics. The updating rule essentially
sets the direction of evolution, and the system evolves
continuously towards the direction, regardless of the ini-
tial states or how nodes are added to the network. Fig. 11
shows an example of the self-evolution in CAoN.

(c)(a) (b)

FIG. 11. Self-evolution of a 3D CAoN model on rule 1655185
at various time step index (a) 100; (b) 1000; (c) 10000.

4.4. Efficient Decentralization

Due to the dynamical nature of NKN, network topol-
ogy between nodes is constantly updating. Proper up-
dating mechanism is critical to achieve decentralization
of the resulting topology. If, for example, the updating
mechanism is chosen such that a newly joined node has
higher chance to choose node with more neighbors to be
its neighbor, and the probability to choose a node is pro-
portional to the degree of that node, then the resulting
network will be scale-free [22]: the degree distribution
follows a power law form. Such networks have central-
ized hubs defined by nodes with huge degree. Although
hubs could potentially increase efficiency, they make net-
work less robust as the failure of hubs will have much
larger impact than the failure of other nodes.

One of the NKN’s goals is to design and build net-
works that are decentralized while still being efficient in
information transmission. This should be done by using
a proper topology updating mechanism that considers
both algorithm and incentive. On the algorithm side,
neighbors should be sampled and chosen randomly; on
the incentive side, reward for data transmission should
be sublinear (grows slower than linear function) so that

hubs are discouraged. Sparse random network is one pos-
sible topology that could be generated from such mech-
anism. It is decentralized and thus robust to the failure
of any node, while still being efficient in routing due to
its small network diameter [12].

5. CELLULAR AUTOMATA POWERED
CONSENSUS

Nodes in blockchain are peers due to the decentral-
ized nature of blockchain. The inherent lack of trust
in blockchain systems is particularly noteworthy because
any node can send any information to any nodes in the
blockchain. Peers must evaluate information and make
agreement on their actions for blockchain to work prop-
erly [23].

NKN is designed to be a futuristic blockchain infras-
tructure that requires low latency, high bandwidth, ex-
tremely high scalability and low cost to reach consensus.
These properties are crucial for future DApps. Thus,
NKN needs new consensus algorithms that could satisfy
such high requirements.

5.1. Mainstream Consensus

Currently there are several approaches to reach con-
sensus in blockchain: Byzantine fault tolerance algorithm
(BFT) [24], practical Byzantine fault tolerance algorithm
(PBFT) [25], Proof of Work algorithm (PoW) [3], proof
of stake algorithm (PoS) [26, 27], and delegated Proof of
Stake algorithm (DPoS) [28].

1. Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerant (PBFT):
Byzantine fault tolerance is a model that Leslie
Lamport proposed in 1982 to explain the issue of
consensus. It discusses the consensus under the sce-
nario where some nodes could be evil (the message
may be forged) and provides a worst-case guaran-
tee [24]. In Byzantine fault tolerance, let the total
number of nodes be N and the number of bad nodes
be F , If N ≥ 3F+1, then the problem can be solved
by the Byzantine Fault Tolerant (BFT) algorithm.
Lamport proved that there is a valid algorithm such
that when the fraction of bad nodes does not ex-
ceed one-third, good nodes could always reach con-
sensus no matter what messages bad nodes send.
Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerant (PBFT), first
proposed by Castro and Liskov in 1999, was the
first BFT algorithm to be widely used in practice
[25]. PBFT is much more efficient and works in an
asynchronized way, while it can still tolerate same
number of faulty nodes as BFT, making it more
practical to use in real systems.

2. Proof of Work (PoW): Bitcoin blockchain net-
work introduced an innovative Proof of Work
(PoW) algorithm [3]. The algorithm limits the



9

number of proposals by increasing the cost of them,
and relax the need for final confirmation of con-
formity by agreeing that everyone will accept the
longest-known chain. In this way, anyone who tries
to vandalism will pay a great economic cost. That
is, to pay more than half the system computing
power. Later, various “PoX” series algorithms are
proposed following this thought, using economic
penalties to restrict the spoilers. PoW is the con-
sensus used by Bitcoin and is also the earliest used
in blockchain system. In brief, PoW means how
much work a miner pays and how much it gains.
The work here is the computing power and time
which a miner provides contribute to the blockchain
system. The process of providing such services is
“mining”. In PoW, the mechanism to allocate re-
ward is that the mining income is proportional to
the computing power. The more powerful mining
machine used, the more expected reward miners
will get.

3. Proof of Stake (PoS): Initially, Proof of Stake re-
duces the difficulty of calculating hash according to
the amount of tokens held. PoS is similar to finan-
cial assets in bank, which distribute financial return
proportional to the amount of assets that stake-
holder holds in a given period. Similarly in PoS,
the blockchain system allocates “interests” accord-
ing to stakeholder’s token amount and hold time
[26, 27]. In Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS), not
every stakeholder is able to create block. Instead,
nodes vote for trustees that represent them to en-
ter the parliament and create blocks. Users who
would like to become trustees need to go through
community canvassing in order to gain trust of the
community [28].

5.2. Cellular Automata Powered Consensus

5.2.1. Scalability Issue of BFT and PBFT

It is challenging to get consensus in large distributed
systems using BFT and PBFT algorithm. In BFT al-
gorithm, the total number of messages to be sent in the
system is O(N !)[24], making it not practical. PBFT al-
gorithm reduced the total message count to O(N2)[25],
which is tractable but not scalable when N is large. In
addition, both BFT and PBFT requires every node to
have a list of all other nodes in the network, which is
hard for dynamical network.

5.2.2. Consensus in Cellular Automata Described by Ising
Model

Cellular Automata (CA) is naturally a large dis-
tributed system with only local connections. The asymp-

totic behavior of the system is controlled by its updating
rule. It is possible to achieve guaranteed global consen-
sus in CA using message passing algorithm based only
on sparse local neighbors for a set of updating rules.

Using the mathematical framework originally devel-
oped for Ising model [29] in physics, we found and proved
that a class of CA rules will guarantee to reach consen-
sus in at most O(N) iterations using only states of sparse
neighbors by an exact map from CA to zero temperature
Ising model. Some studies investigated the fault toler-
ance of Cellular Automata and how to increase robust-
ness in Cellular Automata-Based systems [30–32]. We
further showed that the result is robust to random and
malicious faulty nodes and compute the threshold when
desired consensus cannot be made.

5.2.3. Ising Model

Ising model is a model of spin systems with pairwise in-
teraction under external magnetic field [29]. The Hamil-
tonian (energy) of the system without external magnetic
field can be written as

H(s) = −
∑
i,j

Jijsisj , (4)

where si = ±1 is the spin of node i, and Jij is the inter-
action between node i and node j. We consider the case
where Jij can only be 1 (ferromagnetic interaction) or
0 (no interaction). The probability that the system will
be in state s under equilibrium follows the Boltzmann
distribution

p(s) =
1

Z
e−βH(s) =

1

Z
eβ

∑
i,j Jijsisj , (5)

where Z =
∑
s e
−βH(s) is the partition function, β =

1
kBT

with kB being Boltzmann constant and T being the
temperature, representing noise level of the system. The
units where kB = 1 will be used for simplicity.

Ising model on lattice has been extensively studied [29,
33]. For the Ising model on a D dimensional lattice with
nearest neighbor interaction, a phase transition occurs
at finite critical temperature Tc except for D = 1 where
the critical temperature Tc = 0. When T < Tc, the
system collapse into one of the two states where nodes
have a preferred spin (spontaneous magnetization), while
the system does not have a preferred spin when T > Tc.

For example, for a 2D square lattice with nearest neigh-
bor interaction, the exact solution of the Ising model can
be obtained. The critical temperature is

Tc =
2

ln(1 +
√

2)
≈ 2.27, (6)

and the spontaneous magnetization is

〈s〉 = ±
[
1− (sinh 2β)−4

] 1
8 . (7)



10

All of the spins will become the same (either 1 or -1)
when T → 0.

If the distributed system of interest can be mathemat-
ically described by an Ising model, then the system is
guaranteed to achieve consensus (all nodes have the same
states) when temperature is zero. Finite temperature
plays the role of failure by adding randomness to state
transition, and finite critical temperature leads to robust-
ness to such failure.

5.2.4. Link Between Cellular Automata and Ising Model

Cellular Automata (CA) is closely related to Ising
Model. A CA is characterized by its updating rule

p(st+1|st) =
∏
i

p(st+1i |s
t) (8)

that represents the probability of the system to transfer
to state st+1 at time t+ 1 given system state st at time
t. The transfer probability is conditional independent
because every node in CA updates its state solely de-
pending on the previous system state. For deterministic
CA, the transfer probability p(st+1|st) is a delta func-
tion. If a Hamiltonian of the form H(s) = −

∑
i,j Jijsisj

can be defined for a CA such that

p(st+1i |s
t) ∝ e−βH(s

t+1
i |s

t) = eβ
∑

j Jijs
t+1
i s

t
j , (9)

where H(st+1i |st) is the Hamiltonian of the system given
state sj = s

t
j ,∀j 6= i and si = s

t+1
i . The transfer proba-

bility becomes

p(st+1|st) ∝ eβ
∑

i,j Jijs
t+1
i s

t
j . (10)

We now define a new state St which is a joint state of
st−1 and st such that p(St) ≡ p(st−1, st). The transfer
probability of St is now proportional to the Boltzmann
distribution

p(St+1|St) = p(st+1|st) ∝ eβ
∑

i,j Jijs
t+1
i s

t
j = e−βH(S

t+1),
(11)

with Hamiltonian H(St) ≡ −
∑
i,j Jijs

t−1
i s

t
j where the

interaction within st and within st−1 is zero. Thus, the
CA is mapped to an Ising model with state S. The sta-
tionary distribution of S follows the Boltzmann distribu-
tion

p(S) =
1

Z
e−βH(S), (12)

while the stationary distribution of s is given by

p(s) =
1

Z

∑
s∗

eβ
∑

i,j Jijsis
∗
j (13)

Deterministic CA can be mapped to Ising model at
zero temperature, where T → 0, β → ∞, p(S) and p(s)
is nonzero only at state(s) with lowest energy. In the
case of Jij = 1 or 0 which we are interested in, only
two states (si = 1,∀i or si = −1,∀i) are allowed at zero
temperature.

5.2.5. Majority Vote Cellular Automata as a Consensus
Algorithm

Majority Vote Cellular Automata (MVCA) is a Cellu-
lar Automata using majority vote as updating rule. It
can be formalized as

st+1i = sign

∑
j

Jijs
t
j

 , (14)
where Jij = 1 if node i and j are connected, otherwise
0. sign(x) = 1 if x > 0, or −1 if x < 0. sign(0) = 1
or −1 with equal probability. The definition of sign(0)
does not have any impact if each node has odd number
(k) of connections, which is true for D dimensional Cel-
lular Automata with nearest neighbor connections and
self connection. Only odd k is considered for simplicity.

The Hamiltonian can be defined asH = −
∑
i,j Jijsisj .

One can check that the majority vote rule satisfies the

mapping condition p(st+1i |st) ∝ e
β
∑

j Jijs
t+1
i s

t
j with zero

temperature (β → ∞). According to the previous sec-
tion, when MVCA reaches equilibrium, all nodes will
have the same state which depends on initial condition.

To show that MVCA will converge to its equilib-
rium, we use the equation derived in previous section

p(St+1|St) ∝ e−βH(St+1). Since β → ∞, p(St+1|St)
is nonzero only when H(St+1) is minimized. From
the definition of H(S) we get −

∑
i,j Jijs

t+1
i s

t
j ≤

−
∑
i,j Jijsis

t
j ,∀si, where equal is possible only when

st+1 = s since st+1 is uniquely determined by st when
every node has odd number of connections. Specifically,
for s = st−1 we have H(St+1) ≤ H(St), where equal
holds only when st+1 = st−1, i.e. system in equilib-
rium or two state oscillation. The latter one can be
avoided when J is dynamic so we ignore it for now. So
H(St+1) < H(St) before MVCA reaches its equilibrium.
On the other hand, we note that H(S) can only be inte-
gers that change in step of 2 and −kN ≤ H(S) ≤ kN ,
where N is the total number of nodes in the system and
k is the number of connections each node has. Thus
MVCA guarantees to converge to consensus state in at
most kN iterations for any initial state. Similarly, if the
initial state has m “incorrect” values, it takes at most
km iterations to correct those “incorrect” values.

Although in the derivation above we use CA as the
model, we did not assume local connectivity. In fact, the
results are valid for any network topology with symmetric
connectivity matrix J .

5.2.6. Randomized Neighbors

Cellular Automata and Ising model are both lattice
based system with interaction strength mostly depends
on Euclidean distance. Such kind of models are mathe-
matically easier to solve, while not practical to implement



11

in distributed systems, especially when nodes are dynam-
ical, unreliable, and uncontrollable. Here we propose that
random network should be a better topology for consen-
sus in distributed system with dynamical nodes. The
consensus algorithm we proposed works in random net-
works without any modification so that every node does
not need to maintain a specific connectivity. It should
be mentioned that the random network discussed here is
purely an overlay network, regardless of how the nodes
are physically connected. In a distributed system where
node does not have a list of other nodes, one can use
algorithms like peer sampling to achieve random connec-
tivity.

A critical parameter that controls how fast information
propagates and thus consensus could be made is the net-
work diameter which is defined as the shortest distance
between the two most distant nodes in the network. For
a random network where each node has k neighbors and
k is O(logN), the diameter of the network is at most
O(logN) [12], much smaller than a lattice based system.
This is expected since random network could have long
range connections, which is not possible in lattice sys-
tems. As a result, random networks converge faster to
consensus states. It is also shown that increase k leads
to smaller diameter [12], as one may expect.

Wolfram Class 4 Cellular Automata is ideal to con-
struct the randomized network for superior consensus
performance. In Class 4 CA, the connectivity is effec-
tively unpredictable, self-organized and self-evolved.

5.2.7. Simulations of CA Consensus Algorithm

To show the performance of our consensus algorithm,
we apply it to a simulated network with N = 1, 000, 000
nodes. Each node has k neighbors randomly selected
from the network. At each iteration, its state is updated
based on the states of its k neighbors plus its own state
using MVCA rule as proposed above. Neighbors are one
directional so that J is not guaranteed to be symmetric.
Initially (iteration 0), the state of each node is indepen-
dently chosen to be 1 or -1 with some probability. The
simulation is run for several iterations with different k, as
shown in Fig. 12. One can see that the MVCA converges
to global consensus state in just a few steps even with
k = 10, much faster than the theoretical upper bound
kN . Note that consensus will be reached even when the
initial state contains equal number of 1 and -1 nodes.
Larger k leads to faster convergence.

It should be mentioned that when N is large, the topol-
ogy of the random network will be closer to its typical
case as the probability to have any specific connectivity
decreases exponentially as N increases. Thus, one should
look at mean convergence time rather than worst case
when (and only when) N is large, as in our simulations.

We further simulate the scenario where a fraction of
nodes are malicious. In this case correct nodes have ini-
tial state 1, while malicious nodes have initial state -1

and does not update their states regardless of the states
of their neighbors. The goal of the correct nodes is to
reach consensus on state 1, while the malicious nodes try
to reach consensus on state -1. From the results (Fig. 13)
it can be seen that there is a transition between collapsing
to the wrong state (-1) and keeping most correct nodes
at the correct state (1). For N = 1, 000, 000 and k = 10,
the critical fraction of the malicious nodes is around 30%,
which is significant considering the size of N . The critical
fraction also depends on k, as shown in Fig. 13. Larger k
has two effects: more malicious nodes can be tolerated,
and less correct nodes will be affected by malicious nodes.

Results in Fig. 12 and Fig. 13 combined show the upper
bound and lower bound of the network dynamics with
faulty initial states: the former one simulates the case
where nodes with incorrect initial state are not malicious,
while the latter one simulates the case where nodes with
incorrect initial state are all malicious and want the rest
of the network to agree on the incorrect state. Network
dynamics fall between these two curves with the same
initial states whatever strategy faulty nodes (the ones
with faulty initial state) take.

5.2.8. Extension to Asynchronous and Unreliable Networks

One advantage of using Ising model to describe the
system is the natural extension to noisy and unreliable
communication channels. The temperature parameter in
Ising model controls the amount of noise in the system,
and in our case is the randomness in the updating rule.
At zero temperature, the updating rule is deterministic,
while the rule becomes more random when temperature
increases, and eventually becomes purely random when
temperature goes to infinity. By including a default state,
probabilistic failure of message delivery can be modeled
by finite temperature in Ising model. Thus, consensus
can still be made as long as noise is under the thresh-
old, as discussed above. The threshold can be computed
numerically given the statistics of network connectivity.
Asynchronous state update can also be modeled by such
noise when communication timeout is added, making it
practical for implementation.

5.3. Proof of Relay

Consensus in NKN is driven by Proof of Relay (PoR),
a useful Proof of Work (PoW) where the expected re-
wards a node gets depend on its network connectivity
and data transmission power. Node proves its relay work-
load by adding digital signature when forwarding data,
which is then accepted by the system through consensus
algorithm.

PoR is not a waste of resources since the work per-
formed in PoR benefits the whole network by providing
more transmission power. The “mining” is redefined as
contributing to the data transmission layer, and the only



12

0 2 4 6 8 10
Iteration

1.0

0.5

0.0

0.5

1.0
Av

er
ag

e 
St

at
e

k = 10

0 2 4 6 8 10
Iteration

1.0

0.5

0.0

0.5

1.0

Av
er

ag
e 

St
at

e

k = 100

FIG. 12. Average state of the system converges to either 1 or -1, both representing global consensus. MVCA converges to
consensus state which is the state of the majority nodes in just a few steps even with only 10 neighboring nodes in a 1,000,000
nodes network. Increasing the number of neighbors accelerates convergence. Note that when exactly half of the nodes are in
one state while the other half in the other state, the converged state could be either one.

0 5 10 15 20
Iteration

0.0

0.2

0.4

0.6

0.8

Fr
ac

tio
n 

of
 C

or
re

ct
 N

od
es

k = 10

0 5 10 15 20
Iteration

0.0

0.2

0.4

0.6

0.8

Fr
ac

tio
n 

of
 C

or
re

ct
 N

od
es

k = 100

FIG. 13. Fraction of correct nodes (state 1) under the attack of malicious nodes (state -1) that does not update their states.
There is a transition between whether the system will collapse to the wrong state when the initial fraction of malicious nodes
changes.

way to get more rewards is providing more transmission
power. The competition between nodes in the network
will eventually drive the system towards the direction of
low latency, high bandwidth data transmission network.

PoR is used for both token mining and transaction
verification. On the one hand, token will be rewarded
to nodes for data transmission; on the other hand, the
expected reward for transaction verification may also de-
pend on PoR, either through election or difficulty adjust-
ment.

For detailed algorithms and economic model, please re-
fer to our separate technical yellow paper [34] and paper
on economic model [8].

5.4. Potential Attacks

Since NKN is designed with attack prevention in mind,
it is necessary to review related attack types. Attack



13

analysis and mitigation will be one of the important as-
pects of NKN development and future work, and will be
included in the technical yellow paper [34].

1. Double spending attack: double spending at-
tack refers to the case where the same token is spent
more than once. In classic blockchain systems,
nodes prevent double-spending attack by consen-
sus to confirm the transaction sequence.

2. Sybil Attacks: Sybil attack refers to the case
where malicious node pretends to be multiple users.
Malicious miners can pretend to deliver more copies
and get paid. Physical forwarding is done by creat-
ing multiple Sybil identities, but only transmitting
data once.

3. Denial-of-Service (DoS) Attacks: an off-line
resource centric attack is known as a denial of ser-
vice attack (DoS). For example, an attacker may
want to target a specific account and prevent the
account holder from posting transactions.

4. Quality-of-Service (QoS) Attacks: some at-
tackers want to slow down the system performance,
potentially reducing the amount of network connec-
tivity and data transfer speed.

5. Eclipse attack: attacker controls the P2P com-
munication network and manipulates a node’s
neighbors so that it only communicates with ma-
licious nodes. The vulnerability of the network to
eclipse attack depends on the peer sampling algo-
rithm, and can be reduced by carefully choosing
neighbors.

6. Selfish Mining Attacks: in a selfish mining strat-
egy, the selfish miners maintain two blockchains,
one public and one private. Initially, the private
blockchain is the same as the public blockchain.
The attacker always mine on the private chain, un-
less the length of the private chain is being caught
up by the public chain, in which case the attacker
publishes the private chain to get rewards. The at-
tack essentially lower the threshold of 51% attack
as it may be more efficient for other miners to mine
the private chain than the public chain. Yet, as an
economic attack, selfish mining attack needs to be
announced in advance to attract miners.

7. Fraud Attacks: malicious miners can claim large
amounts of data to be transmitted but efficiently
generate data on-demand using applets. If the ap-
plet is smaller than the actual amount of relay data,
it increases the likelihood of malicious miners get-
ting block bonus.

6. CONCLUSIONS

This whitepaper presents a clear and cohesive path to-
wards the construction of NKN system. We consider
this work to be a starting point for future research on
decentralized network connectivity and data transmis-
sion. Future work include, but not limited to, Cellular-
Automata-driven routing, Cellular-Automata-based con-
sensus, Proof of Relay etc. NKN has several advantages
compared to current platforms.

First, NKN is an ideal networking platform for devel-
oping decentralized applications. DApp developers can
be completely focused on the creative ideas and innova-
tions that make their products successful for end users,
as well as business logic. They no longer need to worry
about details of network infrastructure.

Second, NKN incentive model encourages more people
to join the network to share and enhance network connec-
tivity and data transmission, changing the entire network
structure and creating a huge market. NKN is targeting
the trillion-dollar telecommunications business, and aim
to provide better connectivity to everyone by incentivize
the sharing of unused networking resources, expanding
and revolutionize the sharing network.

Compare to current systems, NKN blockchain plat-
form is more suitable for peer-to-peer data transmission
and connectivity. In the meantime, this self-incentivized
model encourages more nodes to join the network, build
a flat network structure, implement multi-path routing,
and create a new generation of network transmission
structure.

From the perspectives of computing infrastructure in-
novation, NKN will revolutionize the blockchain ecosys-
tem by blockchainizing the third and probably the
last pillar of Internet infrastructure, after Bitcoin and
Ethereum blockchainized computing power as well as
IPFS and Filecoin blockchainized storage. Complement-
ing the other two pillars of the blockchain revolution,
NKN will be the next generation decentralized network
that is self-evolving, self-incentivized, and highly scal-
able.

NKN is a strategic exploration and innovation of the
general network layer infrastructure delivering the next
generation network to other fields. A highly reliable, se-
cure and decentralized Internet is essential so that every
individual and every industry can achieve their full po-
tential in the digital world. NKN will offer tremendous
potential for achieving a fully decentralized peer-to-peer
system to make the Internet more efficient, sustainable
and secure.

The current network has huge inefficiencies for provid-
ing universal connectivity and access for all information
and applications. It’s time to rebuild the network we
really need instead of constantly patching the networks
we already own. Let’s start building the future Internet,
today.



14

[1] Stephen Wolfram. Statistical mechanics of cellular au-
tomata. Reviews of modern physics, 55(3):601, 1983.

[2] Stephen Wolfram. A new kind of science, volume 5. Wol-
fram media Champaign, 2002.

[3] Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic
cash system. 2008.

[4] Vitalik Buterin et al. A next-generation smart con-
tract and decentralized application platform. white paper,
2014.

[5] Juan Benet. Ipfs-content addressed, versioned, p2p file
system. arXiv preprint arXiv:1407.3561, 2014.

[6] Protocol Labs. Filecoin: A decentralized storage net-
work, 2017.

[7] Federal Communications Commission. Restoring internet
freedom, 2017.

[8] NKN. NKN Economic Model and Roadmap. nkn.org,
2018.

[9] NEO. Neo white paper: A distributed network for the
smart economy, 2017.

[10] Xin-She Yang and Young ZL Yang. Cellular automata
networks. Proceedings of Unconventional Computing,
pages 280–302, 2007.

[11] Carsten Marr, Mark Müller-Linow, and Marc-Thorsten
Hütt. Regularizing capacity of metabolic networks. Phys-
ical Review E, 75(4):041917, 2007.

[12] Fan Chung and Linyuan Lu. The diameter of sparse
random graphs. Advances in Applied Mathematics,
26(4):257–279, 2001.

[13] Ali Mohammad Saghiri and Mohammad Reza Meybodi.
A closed asynchronous dynamic model of cellular learn-
ing automata and its application to peer-to-peer net-
works. Genetic Programming and Evolvable Machines,
18(3):313–349, 2017.

[14] David Vorick and Luke Champine. Sia: simple decentral-
ized storage, 2014.

[15] Shawn Wilkinson, Tome Boshevski, Josh Brandoff, and
Vitalik Buterin. Storj a peer-to-peer cloud storage net-
work. 2014.

[16] John Von Neumann. The general and logical theory of
automata. Cerebral mechanisms in behavior, 1(41):1–2,
1951.

[17] John Von Neumann, Arthur W Burks, et al. Theory of
self-reproducing automata. IEEE Transactions on Neural
Networks, 5(1):3–14, 1966.

[18] David MD Smith, Jukka-Pekka Onnela, Chiu Fan Lee,
Mark D Fricker, and Neil F Johnson. Network automata:
Coupling structure and function in dynamic networks.
Advances in Complex Systems, 14(03):317–339, 2011.

[19] B Chopard and M Droz. Cellular automata. Springer,
1998.

[20] Matthew Cook. Universality in elementary cellular au-
tomata. Complex systems, 15(1):1–40, 2004.

[21] John Conway. The game of life. Scientific American,
223(4):4, 1970.

[22] Albert-László Barabási and Réka Albert. Emergence of
scaling in random networks. science, 286(5439):509–512,
1999.

[23] Arati Baliga. Understanding blockchain consensus mod-
els. Technical report, Tech. rep., Persistent Systems Ltd,
Tech. Rep, 2017.

[24] Leslie Lamport, Robert Shostak, and Marshall Pease.

The byzantine generals problem. ACM Transactions
on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS),
4(3):382–401, 1982.

[25] Miguel Castro and Barbara Liskov. Practical byzan-
tine fault tolerance and proactive recovery. ACM Trans-
actions on Computer Systems (TOCS), 20(4):398–461,
2002.

[26] Pavel Vasin. Blackcoins proof-of-stake protocol
v2. URL: https://blackcoin. co/blackcoin-pos-protocol-
v2-whitepaper. pdf, 2014.

[27] Sunny King and Scott Nadal. Ppcoin: Peer-to-peer
crypto-currency with proof-of-stake. self-published paper,
August, 19, 2012.

[28] BitShares. Delegated proof-of-stake consensus, 2013.
[29] Ernst Ising. Beitrag zur theorie des ferromagnetismus.

Zeitschrift für Physik, 31(1):253–258, 1925.
[30] Mark McCann and Nicholas Pippenger. Fault tolerance

in cellular automata at high fault rates. Journal of Com-
puter and System Sciences, 74(5):910–918, 2008.

[31] Luděk Žaloudek and Lukáš Sekanina. Increasing fault-
tolerance in cellular automata-based systems. In In-
ternational Conference on Unconventional Computation,
pages 234–245. Springer, 2011.

[32] Ilir Çapuni and Peter Gács. A turing machine resist-
ing isolated bursts of faults. In International Conference
on Current Trends in Theory and Practice of Computer
Science, pages 165–176. Springer, 2012.

[33] Lars Onsager. Crystal statistics. i. a two-dimensional
model with an order-disorder transition. Physical Review,
65(3-4):117, 1944.

[34] NKN. NKN Yellow Paper. nkn.org, 2018.
[35] Benoit B Mandelbrot. The fractal geometry of nature,

volume 173. WH freeman New York, 1983.
[36] Michael Abd-El-Malek, Gregory R Ganger, Garth R

Goodson, Michael K Reiter, and Jay J Wylie. Fault-
scalable byzantine fault-tolerant services. ACM SIGOPS
Operating Systems Review, 39(5):59–74, 2005.

[37] Kevin Driscoll, Brendan Hall, Michael Paulitsch, Phil
Zumsteg, and Hakan Sivencrona. The real byzantine
generals. In Digital Avionics Systems Conference, 2004.
DASC 04. The 23rd, volume 2, pages 6–D. IEEE, 2004.

[38] Cynthia Dwork and Moni Naor. Pricing via processing
or combatting junk mail. In Annual International Cryp-
tology Conference, pages 139–147. Springer, 1992.

[39] Adam Back. A partial hash collision based
postage scheme (1997). URL http://www. hashcash.
org/papers/announce. txt, 2016.

[40] Vitalik Buterin. What proof of stake is and why it mat-
ters. Bitcoin Magazine, August, 26, 2013.

[41] Rodney J Baxter. Exactly solved models in statistical
mechanics. Elsevier, 2016.

[42] Catarina Cosme, JM Viana Parente Lopes, and João
Penedones. Conformal symmetry of the critical 3d ising
model inside a sphere. Journal of High Energy Physics,
2015(8):22, 2015.

[43] Bertrand Delamotte, Matthieu Tissier, and Nicolás
Wschebor. Scale invariance implies conformal invariance
for the three-dimensional ising model. Physical Review
E, 93(1):012144, 2016.

[44] Sheer El-Showk, Miguel F Paulos, David Poland, Slava
Rychkov, David Simmons-Duffin, and Alessandro Vichi.



15

Solving the 3d ising model with the conformal bootstrap.
Physical Review D, 86(2):025022, 2012.

[45] Leemon Baird. The swirlds hashgraph consensus algo-
rithm: Fair, fast, byzantine fault tolerance. Techni-
cal report, Swirlds Tech Report SWIRLDS-TR-2016-01,
available online, http://www. swirlds. com/developer-
resources/whitepapers, 2016.

[46] Arnab Mitra, Anirban Kundu, Matangini Chattopad-
hyay, and Samiran Chattopadhyay. A novel design with

cellular automata for system-under-test in distributed
computing. Journal of Convergence Information Tech-
nology, 9(6):55, 2014.

[47] Steven Janke and Matthew Whitehead. Practical fault
tolerant 2d cellular automata.

[48] Yoshihiko Kayama. Complex networks derived from cel-
lular automata. arXiv preprint arXiv:1009.4509, 2010.


	NKN: a Scalable Self-Evolving and Self-Incentivized Decentralized Network
	Abstract
	Contents
	Challenges
	Limitations of P2P Networks
	Resource Utilization
	Net Neutrality & Fragmentation

	Vision
	Objectives of NKN
	The Third Pillar: Networking
	Elementary Components
	Networking toolkit for Fast and Painless DApp Development

	Technology Foundations
	Cellular Automata
	Rules as Formulas

	New Kind of Network
	Next Generation Decentralized Network
	A Useful Proof of Work
	Network Topology and Routing
	Dynamics
	Self-Organization
	Self-Evolution

	Efficient Decentralization

	Cellular Automata Powered Consensus
	Mainstream Consensus
	Cellular Automata Powered Consensus
	Scalability Issue of BFT and PBFT
	Consensus in Cellular Automata Described by Ising Model
	Ising Model
	Link Between Cellular Automata and Ising Model
	Majority Vote Cellular Automata as a Consensus Algorithm
	Randomized Neighbors
	Simulations of CA Consensus Algorithm
	Extension to Asynchronous and Unreliable Networks

	Proof of Relay
	Potential Attacks

	Conclusions
	References


