














































light-paper


CONNECTING THE 
UNCONNECTED 

www.Nucleus.Vision



TABLE OF CONTENT
Meet Nucleus Vision

Nucleus Vision Retail              

Nucleus Vision Security                                                

A Smart Nucleus Vision Powered World 

Strengths and Advantages 

Groundbreaking IoT-Enabled Customer Identification  

Gini & Jony

Differentiated, Next-Generation Product Offering 

Differentiated Customer Experience 

Process Flow 

Technology Overview 

ION Sensor: Proprietary Sensor Technology 

Orbit Blockchain: Authorisation and Data 

Neuron Layer

nCash: Token-Based Payments 

Leadership Team

Investors

Advisors 

Partners

3

4

4

4

5

5

5

5

6

6

7

7

7

8

8

8

8

9

9

2



MEET NUCLEUS VISION

“The full potential of connected devices is only achieved when they are tied to individual identities” 
- Gartner Report, The Identity of Things for IoT

Long term, our intention is to bridge the gap between the online and offline retail world. Our venture is backed by several 
prominent investors including Tim Draper, Reliance Capital and more. Telecommunications plays a vital role in the functioning 
of our technology, and we have partnered with Vodafone, Reliance Communications and Idea Cellular to bring our platform 
to market.

The early focus of our adoption strategy revolves around the retail sector. However, the Nucleus Vision platform has applica-
tions in various markets. We believe the following areas represent promising markets where Nucleus Vision can be applied 
and add value:

Founded in 2014 at Harvard University, Nucleus Vision is an end-to-end technology 
solution that captures and provides previously unaccessed data to retailers and 
other ‘brick and mortar’ businesses through its proprietary blockchain and real time 
sensor technology. The solution that Nucleus Vision has built, which currently has 
ION Sensors deployed in 10 live retail establishments, will support a valuable data 
network for unique visitor IDs and corresponding user data. Our proprietary IoT 
sensor technology doesn’t depend on any RFID, WiFi Bluetooth, or even facial recog-
nition technologies to operate.

3

Nucleus Vision
incepted at

Harvard Business School

Partnered with

TIM DRAPER

Backed by 

Smart Security

Smart powered world
 - Agriculture

Smart powered world
 - Transportation

Smart powered world
 - homes & cities

Smart Retail

Smart powered world
 - Health

Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3

Nucleus Vision Roadmap

10%
Off



This information can be utilized both in real time security, 
where premises can be monitored for unexpected persons, 
as well as after an incident, where our IoT sensors can be 
used to identify attackers. Micro-payments in the form of 
nCash tokens will enable this secure data transfer across 
various involved parties and our sensors. Nucleus Vision 
will enable an ecosystem of secure, trustless, independent 
and permission-less exchange of data over blockchain, to 
help make the world a more safer place for everyone.

A Smart Nucleus Vision Powered World

The Internet of Things (IoT) is already present in retail 
stores, buildings, homes, cars, phones and devices on our 
bodies. In the process, it is bringing companies closer to 
their customers than they have ever been before. After 
Nucleus Vision revolutionizes the retail and physical secu-
rity industries, we have our sights set on connecting the 
world through an ecosystem of interconnected IoT devices. 
Nucleus Vision’s technology team has already begun 
putting together the frameworks for Nucleus Vision Home, 
Nucleus Vision Cars, Nucleus Vision Health, Nucleus Vision 
Agri, Nucleus Vision City and Nucleus Vision Air. We believe 
that the Nucleus Vision platform has massive applications 
for smart communities/smart cities, agriculture, transpor-
tation, healthcare, and home monitoring.

4

Nucleus Vision Retail
Nucleus Vision has built the world's first IOT based 
contactless identification system (over blockchain), while 
building the largest universal loyalty program using 
crypto-currency. Nucleus Vision’ IoT solution enables retail 
brands around the world to build and execute a custom-
er-focused shopping experience that leverages data from 
both in-person and online channels. Our platform uses 
blockchain, sensors, data and intelligent analytics to create 
automated solutions that generate customer loyalty. For 
retailers, Nucleus Vision's IoT solution provides insights 
into customer behavior that were not previously possible, 
such as the ability to track customer visits, to aisles 
browsed and paths taken in-store, favorite products and 
brands, and predict future customer behavior in-store. This 
helps create a personalized customer experience that 
provides for greater customer satisfaction.  Through our 
blockchain-enabled technology, Nucleus Vision aspires to 
seamlessly connect the on and offline world. In the 
process, we aim to enhance the retail shopping experience 
for the 2.6 trillion walk-in customers that visit 91 million 
physical stores globally, all in real time.

Giant corporations around the globe have traditionally 
monetized their customer data solely for their own benefit, 
and have maintained exclusive control over said data. 
Nucleus Vision shifts the power of data monetization to 
the customers themselves, enabling them to take full 
control of their own data, and the power to monetize it. The 
nCash token will be the currency for this data exchange, to 
remunerate data providers and to reward customers for 
sharing their data. This is decentralization in its truest and 
strongest form.

Nucleus Vision Security

IoT solutions have already penetrated residential and 
industrial security systems, and it will become a huge 
opportunity in the coming years. As it stands, the industry 
is severely lacking a comprehensive and intelligent solution 
that is also cognizant of privacy. We believe that Nucleus 
Vision is primed to tackle this problem. 

Nucleus Vision’s smart IoT sensors can become an indis-
pensable component of wider residential, commercial and 
industrial security systems by identifying potential threats 
and intruders, and securely transmitting this data to 
concerned authorities over our blockchain network. 



STRENGTHS AND ADVANTAGES
Nucleus Vision has invested three years in technology research and development, to build a patent-pending sensor technol-
ogy that overcomes all the drawbacks of existing retail technologies such as Bluetooth or Wi-Fi beacons, to identify in 
real-time any person walking in the proximity of a Nucleus Vision ION sensor.

Gini & Jony

Using Nucleus Vision's smart-sensor technology, retailers 
can now identify and interact directly with customers as 
they enter the store. International retail brands, such as 
Gini & Jony in India, are already using Nucleus Vision to 
deliver personalized offers to customers on their mobile 
phones. The ION Network’s sensors are developed accord-
ing to telco standards, to ensure the Nucleus Vision 
platform remains plug-and-play and follows data and 
privacy requirements of the global telecom industry. Over 
the past two years, Nucleus Vision has worked with both 
national and international regulatory authorities to imple-
ment applicable regulatory and privacy frameworks into 
our technology. 

No app
required

No barriers to
adoption

No Wi-Fi, Bluetooth,
GPS required

Works with all smartphones
& Feature phones

Provides anonymous
intelligence

Groundbreaking IoT-Enabled Customer Identification 

At its core, Nucleus Vision is an IoT-enabled customer identification ecosystem. Nucleus Vision's scalable technology has a 
12 layer stack that effectively integrates with the technologies and systems of top technology providers such as Intel, Rady-
sis, ODMs and geo-specific telecom carriers. Because Nucleus Vision produces data that was previously uncaptured, our 
technology is able to offer highly valuable insight to retailers, especially after running data through our Neuron layer. 

Differentiated, Next-Generation Product Offering

Our assessment of technologies currently available in the market has revealed several shortcomings in authentication and 
analytics within marketing-related IoT products. Our evaluation of these technologies demonstrated that no other product 
could provide more than 15% of the intelligence in the physical retail world. Because of this superior performance, retailers 
have expressed enthusiasm after seeing Nucleus Vision's solution in action.

5

Data till December 2017

10

47995 Live retail stores

Unique
identifications

2290

Successful
authorizations

2397

Recommendations 
& Offers sent

1816

Offers
availed



Differentiated Customer Experience

Brick and mortar retail customers hardly get personalized pricing, custom offers, or  preferential treatment for being a brand 
or store loyalist. This primarily stems from the store’s inability to differentiate between customers in offline stores. With 
Nucleus Vision, customers get personalized pricing, accurate recommendations and real-time offers in physical brick-n-mor-
tar stores for the very first time. Customers also earn nCash tokens each time they visit or shop at a Nucleus Vision powered 
store, and are empowered to monetize their shopping data as well.

PROCESS FLOW (STEP-BY-STEP)
To better explain how Nucleus Vision’ technology works in practice, we have broken a recommended retail use scenario down 
into steps. A detailed description of each step is as follows:

Description

Customer walks into a store

The customer’s phone ID is recognized by an ION sensor

The ION sensor sends the customer’s phone ID to Nucleus Vision

Nucleus Vision sends a text message (or push notification through a pre-install partner app), to the customer 
offering nCash [for opting into the store’s reward program]

If the customer opts in, nCash is credited to his or her account (nCash can be moved to an ERC20 compliant 
wallet)

Nucleus Vision securely transfers this customer identification to the retailer over blockchain

Retailer maps the customer with its core system and identifies new data that can be offered by Nucleus 
Vision’ blockchain network

Step

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

If the Retailer has no previous shopping history on this customer, the Retailer’s system automatically requests 
for data from Nucleus Vision’s extended partner ecosystem, which is sent to other retailers and participants in 
the network. An incentive denominated in nCash is provided for the network participant(s) that share informa-
tion.

Network partners set pre-defined rules to share customer data amongst friendly, non-competing entities and 
share the requested customer data points, if approved

If the network partners accept the request they further rout the authorization to the customer for sharing data 
through blockchain before actually sharing the data. Network partners also attach some nCash as an incentive 
for the user to share data.

8

9

10

6



Customer receives the request for sharing their data across the retail partner network

Customer authorizes the request and receives nCash as incentive for authorizing, and will receive a portion of 
the nCash transferred each time their data is exchanged on the Nucleus Vision retail network

If the customer authorised the data sharing the blockchain enriches the respective parameter values to retail-
er’s smart Nucleus Vision intelligence system

Based on the customer’s data, a unique score is generated by Nucleus Vision’ Neuron technology. This score 
represents the customer’s value to the retailer based on his or her purchase history, spending habits and other 
factors

The retailer may decide to offer nCash tokens to the customer based on his or her score. Retailers will be able 
to make decisions in real time within three different contexts:      
a)  Upon entering the store (to incentivize-more visits)
b)  Browsing around the store (to incentivize in-store conversion)
c)  At the time of checkout (to increase retention and loyalty) 

The nCash tokens also act as a universal loyalty program, where customers can use nCash as loyalty reward 
points across any retail partners on the Nucleus Vision network

Customers can cash out their nCash tokens on crypto exchanges for cash, or choose to utilize them as loyalty 
reward points anywhere on the Nucleus Vision ecosystem

Customers can optionally opt out of an enhanced & personalized shopping experience, as well as the right to 
earn nCash tokens, and their data will not be shared with any of the Nucleus Vision retail partners

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

TECHNOLOGY OVERVIEW
Nucleus Vision is composed of several technology layers, which together power our next generation platform. Nucleus Vision 
technology is a function of four primary components: ION, ORBIT, NEURON & nCASH

ION Sensor: Proprietary Sensor 
Technology    
Nucleus Vision’s proprietary sensor network, 
the ION Network, can uniquely identify and 
sense temperature, pressure, motion, acceler-
ation and sound within the vicinity of the 
sensor. ION sensors enable retailers to capture 
new data on brick-and-mortar customers.

Orbit Blockchain: Authorization and 
Data
Nucleus Vision’s blockchain platform, Orbit, is 
the foundation over which customer identi-
ties, customer data and the nCash tokens 
flow accurately and securely between all 
involved parties and systems.

7



nCash: Token-Based Payments  

nCash is the decentralized cryptocurrency of 
the Nucleus Vision ecosystem, which is used 
for various transactions across Nucleus 
Vision. nCash serves two primary purposes: 
1) it is the backbone of the Nucleus Vision 
Universal Loyalty Program (retailer rewards 
system), and 2) it is a currency used to enable 
the transfer of data from one party to anoth-
er. Retailers in the Nucleus Vision network 
can reward their users with offers using the 
nCash, which can be redeemed across any 
retailer in the Nucleus Vision network. nCash 
is a non-mineable ERC20 Ethereum token 
with a supply cap of 10 billion nCash tokens.

Neuron Layer

The Nucleus Vision Neuron intelligence 
platform is state-of-the-art analytics engine 
that leverages the strength of deep learning, 
blockchain and IoT. The Neuron platform 
enables retailers to take advantage of time 
and opportunity when customers are most 
receptive. Neuron connects retailers and 
customers at precisely the right moment to 
bring an element of delight and surprise to the 
retailer’s customer service regime. 

LEADERSHIP TEAM

Abhishek Pitti
CEO & Founder

Martin Dudley
Retail Partnerships

Ex-Director of Sales at Levi’s

Avinash Pitti
CTO

Brooks Atwood
Creative Director

      Speaker

INVESTORS

Tim Draper
Founder, Draper Venture 

Network

Sriram Viswanathan
Co-Founder of Intel Capital

Reliance Capital
$62.12 B Fund,
20M Customers

CS Rao
Former President Reliance

Communications

8

Our  40 member team includes 9 blockchain developers, 5 data scientists, 1 IoT platform architect, 5 marketing experts, 9 engineers, 
11 operations professionals

+4 more



ADVISORS 

PARTNERS
Telecom Partners

Technology Partners

Madhusudan Kela
Chief Investment Officer 

Reliance Capital

Prabhakar Reddy
Serial Entrepreneur,
Blockchain Advisor

Arun Seth
Former CEO British 

Telecom

9

+8 more


