
























































The Future of
 Decentralized 
Sharing Economy 
Ecosystem.

ODYSSEY
WHITEPAPER

ODYSSEY
W H I T E P A P E R



The Future of
 Decentralized 
Sharing Economy 
Ecosystem.

. . . . . 
. . .

 . .
 . 

. .
 . 

. .
 . 

. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. .

 . 
. .
 . 
. .

 . .
 . . 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
ODYSSEY
The Future of Decentralized Sharing Economy .
The Foundation of 
Global Peer to Peer Ecosystem.

Contents in this version V1.2
are subject to change at any time as project progresses 

W H I T E P A P E R

ODYSSEY WHITEPAPER



1.ABSTRACT
2.ODYSSEY MISSION - RETURN HOME, IN THE AGE OF OVERSUPPLY
2.1 THE HIDDEN EVIL - DATA SECURITY AND PRIVACY

2.2 REGULATION VS. REPUTATION

2.3 THE GAME IS NOT FAIR, SHARING IS COSTLY

2.4 SHARING ECONOMY IS SEGMENTED

3.ODYSSEY’S VALUE

4.ODYSSEY’S INFRASTRUCTURE
5.ODYSSEY PROTOCOL - THE UNIVERSAL DECENTRALIZED SHARING
ECONOMY PROTOCOL
5.1 ROLES IN ODYSSEY ECOSYSTEM

5.2 OCOIN WALLET

5.3 ODYSSEY SYSTEM REWARDS STIMULATION PROTOCOL

5.4 ODYSSEY ECOSYSTEM STIMULATION PROTOCOL

5.5 USER CREDIT PROTOCOL

5.6 PURCHASE OF SERVICES

5.7 TRAFFIC ACQUISITION

5.8 TRANSACTION PROTOCOL

5.9 COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE

5.10 ALGORITHMS



6.ODYSSEY ROADMAP AND ADOPTION
6.1 THE TRUE VALUE OF PRIVACY, DECENTRALIZED DATA STORAGE VIA

BLOCKCHAIN

6.2 THE RETURN OF CREDIT, SMART CONTRACT EMPOWERED CREDIT-

BASED PROTOCOL

6.3 A SHARING ECONOMY FOR ALL - AN INCENTIVIZED DYNAMIC

REWARDING MECHANISM

6.4 CONNECTING THE DOTS, THE ULTIMATE ONE SHARING ECONOMY

6.5 THE FOUNDATION OF GLOBAL MARKETPLACE

7.ODYSSEY TOKEN - OCOIN
8.TEAM
8.1 ODYSSEY TECH TEAM

8.2 ODYSSEY Advisory TEAM

9.PARTNERSHIPS
9.1 OBIKE

9.2 TRON

10.SCHEDULE
11.WHITE PAPER DISCLAIMER



ABSTRACT

1

W H I T E P A P E R

WHITEPAPERODYSSEY



ODYSSEY’s mission is to build the next-generation decentralized sharing

economy & Peer to Peer Ecosystem.

ODYSSEY aims to reduce overall operating cost, increase marketplace efficiency

and boost ROI of product & service providers in the Global sharing economy &

peer to peer ecosystem.

Using blockchain smart contract as well as AI and Big Data, ODYSSEY will

empower the ecosystem with below revolution:

One Credit/Trust-Based Protocol for all ODYSSEY ecosystem players:
 Decentralized and Minimum Operating Cost

 Open Source and Scalable

 Trustworthy and Anonymous

 Autonomous and Better Compliance

 Incentivized Participation

 Monetization

Peer to Peer Ecosystem Community:
 Decentralized and Minimum Transaction Cost

 Easier Monetization

 Better Distribution and Matching

 Quicker Transactions without payment barriers



ODYSSEY MISSION - 
RETURN HOME, 
IN THE AGE OF OVERSUPPLY

2

W H I T E P A P E R

WHITEPAPERODYSSEY



ODYSSEY is a revolutionary mission against current centralized sharing economy

to build one decentralized sharing economy and peer to peer ecosystem.

The sharing economy has been rapidly emerged as a large and expanding force.

This is powered by declining transaction costs. Smartphones, internet connectivity,

and the cloud allow consumers to efficiently search for their desired goods and

services, understand the terms, ensure timely logistics, and enforce the agreed-

upon contract. Formerly frustrating transactions have become hassle-less.



In the future, sharing will become the norm and ownership will be a luxury. You

may own nothing but you can simply share everything. You can adjust your

expenses flexibly in accordance with the demand. You purchase something that

you actually need instead of spending more. Sharing will also enable utilization of

spare resource and increase the overall income and welfare of the society.

This sort of sharing economy enables us to convert the deal of property ownership

into deal of right & use. Basically, it is a realization of the “on-demand” deal which

highly increases the efficiency to use assets and services, and simultaneously,

reduces the overall cost.

However, current sharing economy is far away from optimum:



2.1 THE HIDDEN EVIL - DATA SECURITY AND PRIVACY

Many sharing economy companies are “data controller” because they decide what

and how personal data will be collected and used.

Controlling and dealing with personal data is integral to the activities of sharing

economy platforms. Users may be required to share a range of information about

themselves, including their location, address, job or the services they provide or

use – and those users are becoming more aware of and concerned about the way

that their data is collected, stored and shared.

These concerns have been heightened by a number of high-profile data breaches

where digital platforms have been subject to malicious attacks resulting in

disclosure of users’ personal data. Irrespective of the cause, negative publicity and

erosion of users’ trust arising from a data breach is highly damaging to the

development of the sharing economy.

2.2 REGULATION VS. REPUTATION

While sharing economy continues to explode, Information asymmetry issues

become symmetrical, but the downside of things going wrong is much more severe:

Reputational mechanisms indeed drive the sharing economy. Such mechanisms,

conducted over a given service platform, include user reputation, peer reviews and



identity verification and are often involved in services in which consumer safety is

at a life-or-death level. In ride-sharing services, for example, a driver’s history is a

significant issue for riders, and a bad driver could kill you.

People could list anything, but sharing economy does not yet have an effective

review system. Giants like Airbnb offers a detailed history of an accommodation,

processing financial transactions as an independent third party and providing

comment mechanisms. However, such mechanism often allows reviews and

ratings after the transaction happens and/or service completed. Such mechanism

could also be biased, as the rules are centrally developed by the platform, and

could be manipulated and intervened by the platform itself to generate revenue

stream.

Thus, the rise of peer-to-peer networking and the burgeoning “sharing economy”

has been a hot topic in many government policy conferences, where participants

explored whether any new regulation is needed. In a wide-ranging conversation

covering rapidly changing business models, potential regulatory obligations and

consumers’ increasing dependence on reputational feedback mechanisms,

economists, industry representatives and academics hashed out what is clearly a

complex system.

Remember, sharing economy is still a highly regulated industry by government

enforced policies, and even banned in many countries or cities.



2.3 THE GAME IS NOT FAIR, SHARING IS COSTLY

Let’s look at the economic effects of the sharing economy.

Although the sharing economy is generating overall increased income and welfare,

the distribution is likely to be uneven.

First, Current Sharing economy platforms are two-sided systems characterized by

strong network externalities, creating the tendency towards natural monopoly and

allowing for high margins to be charged by the platform itself. This raises the

operating cost of sharing asset providers.

Second, among supply side of the sharing economy, people profit most are owners

of valuable assets. Even that everyone can easily turn their asset into shared

capital assets, valuable goods are typically concentrated in a small group of well-

off people, in the end, not everyone can own valuable assets.

Third, among demand side of the sharing economy, everyone contributes to the

“sharing” participation, the rating system of the sharing economy and the sharing

community, however, there is no effective incentive mechanism to reward users to

participate, well behave or contribution to the ecosystem’s self-regulating.



2.4 SHARING ECONOMY IS SEGMENTED

SHARING is a common believe, however, sharing economy is totally segmented

as closed circles.

Let’s look the current sharing economy landscape.

The Internet had its genesis as a tool for sharing information, and its earliest

origins served only select scientific and military communities. Over time, it became

the World Wide Web, including the power of peer-to-peer networking. It’s not just

information that’s shared today – it’s just about everything. It might be a ride

across town, or across the continent. Travelers share their homes, investors share

their ideas and anyone with high-value assets or skills is able to make them

accessible, for a price, to a global marketplace – as part of the sharing economy.

However, the sharing economy is yet connected. Every industry has its own

central node, its own rules and mechanisms, its own user information and

transaction information. It’s definitely against its origin of sharing everything and

connecting everything.



We believe the sharing economy can only be truly empowered if all dots are

connected as one sharing economy ecosystem.

One protocol, mutually integrated operating mechanism, one value, to achieve a

truly efficient and highly self-regulating and self-upgrading ecosystem.

ODYSSEY is aiming to utilize blockchain technology together with AI and Big Data

to overcome all the obstacles on the road in order to build up a future sharing

economy.



ODYSSEY’S VALUE

3

W H I T E P A P E R

WHITEPAPERODYSSEY



In Homer's epic poem "The Odyssey," the main character Odysseus is rescued by

the Greek gods from his imprisonment after the fall of Troy and embarks on a

treacherous journey to return to his homeland. During the journey, he faces many

obstacles that challenge his faith and loyalty. "The Odyssey" explores several

virtues and moral values that eventually lead to Odysseus's successful return:

Loyalty, Self-Control, Perseverance and Compassion.

A journey back to what we truly believe is never easy. Even though we sometimes

falter and some of our decisions have negative consequences, the allegiance, love

for what we believe and desire to return to what we believe never wanes.

We never lose our soft side, our virtue, while facing opposing forces. We stay loyal

to our faith, self-control in front of evil temptations, we never give up in front of

obstacles and challenges. We once look out to conquer the universe, now we are

returning home to make it a better place than when we left it.



We want to build a faithful sharing economy system where:

● Everything can be shared, everything can be connected. Sharing is the new

ownership.

● Everyone should have the full ownership of the data they possess and create.

Data must be freely owned, and will not be used to exchange for the right to

participate sharing economy system.

● Freedom to share, free to share. Everyone contribute to the ODYSSEY sharing

economy will be entitled to proportional rewards for their contribution,

according to ODYSSEY’s rewarding mechanism.

● Credit is priceless and Credit should be rewarded, according to ODYSSEY’s

credit protocol mechanism.

● Sharing economy should be non-monopoly and unbiased for everyone.

● Sharing Economy should be autonomous.



ODYSSEY’S INFRASTRUCTURE

4

W H I T E P A P E R

WHITEPAPERODYSSEY



● An autonomous, high efficiency, low cost, credit-based, highly incentivized

marketplace

● Dynamic Economic Stimulation Mechanism to reward every individual who

participates sharing economy ecosystem.

● Dynamic Economic Stimulation Mechanism to reward every DAPP (sub

ecosystem) who contribute to the sharing economy landscape.

● ONE high quality payment network to connect entire sharing economy

● ONE universal trustworthy credit-based protocol and single UID to empower

entire sharing economy

● Open Source and embrace revolution



ODYSSEY PROTOCOL - 
THE UNIVERSAL DECENTRALIZED 
SHARING ECONOMY 

5

W H I T E P A P E R

WHITEPAPERODYSSEY



In ODYSSEY, we highly value every participator in the entire ecosystem, and will

evaluate everyone’s contribution to the ecosystem based on ODYSSEY’s

mechanism. Individuals, Groups, Dapps will all be able to contribute to the

ecosystem as below roles:

5.1 ROLES IN ODYSSEY ECOSYSTEM

1) SERVICE PROVIDER - EVERYTHING AS A SERVICE

As the foundation and core value creator of the ecosystem, service providers will

be incentivized and rewarded with OCOINs based on ODYSSEY’S mechanism.



2) SERVICE REVIEWER - THE SUPPORTING FORCE OF THE COMMUNITY

Service Reviewer is an important role in the ecosystem by providing objective,

thorough review of previously purchased services, which will benefit both the

Service Provider as well as potential Service Consumer. Thus, will be rewarded

with OCOINs based on ODYSSEY’s mechanism.

Interactions such as Like/Dislike/Comment/Share/Recommend/ will be rewarded

with OCOINs as per ODDYSSEY’s mechanism.

Rewards will factor in both the quality of interaction and the user’s credit record.

Improper Interactions will be penalized with both OCOIN reduction and Credit

Reduction.

3) SERVICE CONSUMER – THE BOOSTER OF THE ECOSYSTEM

Service Consumer is a critical role in the ecosystem. Service Consumer purchases

services with OCOINs, consumer’s behavior quality during the entire service

lifetime will also be recorded and will dynamically impact the service consumer’s

credit.

All these data are the foundation to be build a credit-based, decentralized sharing

economy and the foundation of the peer to peer ecosystem.

4) COMMUNITY OPERATORS – THE GATE KEEPERS

In order to empower the autonomous of the ecosystem. Community Operators will

be selected based on his/her credit and overall contributions. Community

Operators will be rewarded with OCOINs by monitoring and reporting services that

are against the Ecosystem value and protocol.

5)DEVELOPER - THE ECOSYSTEM CONSTRUCTOR

ODYSSEY will be an open-source and highly incentivized system. All developers

who develop Dapp Sub-Ecosystems, or develop supporting services/tools to the

Ecosystems or Sub-Ecosystems will be rewarded with OCOINs based on

ODYSSEY’s mechanism.

ODYSSEY will also reward developers who contribute to the ecosystem protocols,

bug fixing, system upgrade, etc.



6)Miners

After ODYSSEY releases our Public Chain, miners will play a significant role in the

ecosystem. miners will receive transactions fees.

5.2 OCOIN WALLET AND SMART CONTRACT

1) OCOIN WALLET

ODYSSEY will also develop the ODYSSEY Wallet, which will handle all

ODYSSEY-related transaction activities such as creating the user’s wallet on the

Ethereum blockchain (or future ODYSSEY public chain).

In the ODYSSEY Wallet API/SDK, all communications are securely encrypted via

256-bit encryption. The Wallet’s private key will be only accessible by the wallet

owner. Transactions will also only be authorized by the ODYSSEY wallet owner.

ODYSSEY does not keep any credentials information in the system.

We realize that the complexity of transaction fees, encryption necessitating private

and private key management and alphanumeric addresses may create significant

barriers to mass adoption. To address these issues, ODYSSEY will plan to

develop simpler authentication methods such as biometric. ODYSSEY will also

utilize different solutions to minimize transaction fees while keeping transactions

fully transparent.

2) SMART CONTRACT

ODYSSEY Smart contracts will be created on the Ethereum Virtual Machine

(EVM).

Smart contracts are used to immutably track and transfer value and safely manage

sensitive data. The information on Ethereum blockchain or future ODYSSEY public

chain is completely transparent and can be seen by anyone.



ODYSSEY Smart contract is the core and universal protocol for all Dapp/sub-

ecosystem under one ODYSSEY ecosystem.

ODYSSEY will utilize IPFS (Interplanetary File System) to further protect sensitive

information with additional hash capabilities and creating permissioned blocks.

ODYSSEY smart contract contains ODYSSEY’s information required in credit-

based protocol, which can only be assessed by users with blockchain address and

key to the hash.

5.3 ODYSSEY SYSTEM REWARDS STIMULATION PROTOCOL

In ODYSSEY smart contract, we will build an effective economy stimulation

mechanism to encourage everyone to contribute to the ecosystem.

All rewards will be directly linked with credit, in order to encourage and regulate

everyone to provide good quality services, provide objective reviews, to enable the

ecosystem to be autonomous.

ODYSSEY credit protocol will set minimum credit value and maximum credit cap.

Everyone need to reach minimum credit in order to be able to receive rewards, and

credit value will be capped at maximum.

In ODYSSEY, we believe all format of contribution from everyone should be

incentivized and have a clear rewarding mechanism. This is essential to keep the

ecosystem going to the next level.



1) CREDIT RATING

2) SYSTEM REWARDS FOR EARLY CONTRIBUTORS

In ODYSSEY ecosystem, all profit generating from each service itself will 100%

goes to service provider. Additional System Rewards will also be dynamically

related to the service provider’s real time credit rating, as well as the entire

ecosystem’s service provider density and transaction volume. More rewards for

better rating, More rewards during low supply period and low transaction volume.

Thus, early contributors to the ODYSSEY ecosystem will have higher system

rewards. As the ecosystem scales, the system rewards will reduce, and eventually

decay to 0. When the ecosystem is fully established, supply and demand will be

equally generated and incentivized from within, without rely on system rewards.

3) SYSTEM REWARDS FOR QUALITY SERVICE PROVIDERS

Good services should be rewarded, the more a service is purchased, used,

recognized, recommended, the more rewards will be given.



4) SYSTEM REWARDS FOR PROMPT SERVICE CONSUMERS

Good quality consumers should be rewarded. Service consumer with more

frequent usage of service, more transaction amount, better community contribution

will be given more rewards.

5) SYSTEM REWARDS FOR ACTIVE SERVICE REVIEWERS

Reviews in the ecosystem is always highly valued. Good quality reviews are the

critical part to regulate the healthy growth of the ecosystem, it both encourages the

service provider to improve the service quality, also promote the better quality

services in the rest of the ecosystem.

The reviews will also be peer regulated, and will be linked to service reviewer’s

credit. If service reviewer’s review has more support from other reviewers than

disagreement, the review will be give system rewards, and positive credit.

5.4 ODYSSEY ECOSYSTEM STIMULATION PROTOCOL

In ODYSSEY, we believe all Dapp sub-ecosystems who participate and contribute

to the entire ecosystem should be rewarded.

All Dapp sub-ecosystems highly increase the variety of service in the entire system

and contribute to the integration of all data based on same protocol on blockchain

to increase ecosystem effectiveness.

All Dapp sub-ecosystem integrated in ODDYSEY ecosystem will be rewarded

dynamically based on the user base size and quality, DAU and growth rate, etc.

Early Developed or Integrated Dapp sub-ecosystems in ODDSSEY will have

higher rewards to recognize its contribution to the ecosystem growth.

5.5 USER CREDIT PROTOCOL

Service Provider and Service Consumer must follow mutual selection mechanism,

Service Provider could select service consumer with better credit rating, and vice

versa.



5.6 PURCHASE OF SERVICES

Service provider is free to set dynamic price. Service consumer purchases service

with OCOINs or sub-ecosystem coins.

5.7 TRAFFIC ACQUISITION

After ODYSSEY has reasonable scale of user base and traffic, we will develop

advertisement system to enable more Dapp to efficiently acquire user with

OCOINs. All advertisement profit in ODYSSEY will be reimbursed back to the

system reward pool to further stimulate the growth of the ecosystem.

ODYSSEY does not take commission.

5.8 TRANSACTION PROTOCOL

The blockchain transaction confirmation mechanism is critical to enable the

autonomous self-regulating of the ecosystem.

1) TRANSACTION PROTOCOL

ODYSSEY will strictly monitor and eliminate click farming. All trnasaction will be

frozen in the system for 7 days, during which, user is only able to view, and system

will valid the transaction. Once validated, token will be transferred to user’s OCOIN

wallet.

2) WITHDRAW MECHANISM

Every user’s coin withdraw limit will also be linked to the user’s credit rating. Lower

rating users will have lower coin withdraw limit.

We value long term credit building in the ecosystem and want to provide

ecosystem reward incentivizing while not sacrificing the long term value creation in

the whole ecosystem.



5.9 COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE

1) DECISION COMMITTEE

Decision Committee is the supreme decision-making body of the ODYSSEY

Foundation and assumes the final decision. There is no seniority among the

Committee members. The Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving

the Foundation’s major affairs, such as strategic planning, budgeting, updating

protocol in the ecosystem on behalf of the Foundation.  

Initial Decision Committee members are the founding members of ODYSSEY

foundation. The subsequent decision committee will be selected through voting,

and will be rewarded for their contribution to establish and improve the ecosystem.

2)COMMUNITY COMMITTEE

Community Committee will be selected through voting, from users above the

minimum required credit rating. Voting power will be based on the OCOIN holding

volume.

10 Community Committee member will be selected every year.



5.10 ALGORITHMS

1) EARLY CONTRIBUTOR REWARD PSEUDO CODE

Sharing Economy efficiency highly depends on supply and demand sufficiency. In

order to better incentivize more participants from both supply and demand side,

ODYSSEY will design rewarding mechanisms especially to reward early stage

contributors:

Sample Algorithm:

supplyMarketRatio = min (PRE_SET_SUPPLY_VOLUME/currentSupplyVolume，

SUPPLY_THREASHOLD)

demandMarketRatio = min

(PRE_SET_SUPPLY_VOLUME/currentSupplyVolume，

DEMAND_THREASHOLD)

// less supply, more reward

serviceProvider.reward = min (serviceProvider.credit, MAX_CREDIT) *

overSupplyRaito * rewardRatio

// less demand, more reward

serviceBuyer.reward = min (serviceBuyer.credit, MAX_CREDIT) *

demandMarketRatio * rewardRatio

2) QUALITY SERVICE REWARD ALGORITHM

To better measure the quality of services in ODYSSEY ecosystem and encourage

long term good behaviors in the community, ODYSSEY protocol will update all

service providers’ credit rating after each service completion.

Sample Algorithm:

credit = alpha * lastCredit + latestCredit;



Alpha is decay factor, service provider’s most recent service will have higher

impact on the credit rating, this will incentivize service provider to continuously

improve their service quality.

In order to better review a complete service, ODYSSEY system will consider

feedback from user end and the actual transaction value. Every services will have

different transaction value, the higher transaction value, higher willingness to pay

by user, the more responsibility a service provide should have. ODYSSEY will

design a value function to balance the impact from service quality and price.

Sample Algorithm:

If there is good score or remark related to this service

latestCredit = 2 * value (serviceFee)

If there is bad score or remark related to this service

lastestCredit = -1 * value (serviceFee)

Else

latestCredit = value (serviceFee)

3) QUALITY SERVICE CONSUMER REWARD ALGORITHM

To better measure the Service Consumer Behavior in ODYSSEY ecosystem and

encourage long term good behaviors in the community, ODYSSEY protocol will

update all service consumer’ credit rating after each service completion.

Sample Algorithm:

credit = alpha * lastCredit + latestCredit;



Alpha is decay factor, service consumer’s most recent behavior in a service will

have higher impact on the credit rating, this will incentivize service consumer to

continuously improve their behavior.

If there is good score or remark related to the consumer for this session：

latestCredit = 2 * value (serviceFee)

If there is bad score or remark related to this service

lastestCredit = -1 * value (serviceFee)

Else

latestCredit = value (serviceFee)

4) ACTIVE SERVICE REVIEWER REWARD ALGORITHM

We encourage service reviewer to provide timely and objective comments on the

service provider. This will encourage service provider to provide better quality

service and also promote the service to more potential consumer.

Reviews and Comments should be as soon as possible. ODYSSEY will introduce

timeValue() function, the value will decay as time passes. Reviews and Comments

in the early stage of the ecosystem, to better incentivize early contributors to build

the ecosystem. Odyssey will also introduce function commentValue(), the value

will reduce as number of comments increases.

Sample Algorithm:

reviewerReward = timeValue(T) * commentValue (number) * value (serviceFee) *

reviewRewardRatio



5) ECOSYSTEM STIMULATION

To better incentivize sub-ecosystem to be integrated in Odyssey Ecosystem.

Odyssey will design stimulation mechanism based on Dapp’s contribution to

Odyssey ecosystem based on Dapp’s DAU, growth rate, user behaviors, etc.

User Behaviors include but not limited to: total transaction amount, number of

comments etc. All the data generated will be part of Odyssey DNA and will be

flowing in the entire ecosystem.

Sample algorithm:

dAppReward = userValue(activeDAU) * totalTokenConsumed *

dataValue(commentNum) * rewardRatio

userValue() can be designed as a laddered function, different user number range

have different calculation factor. This will measure the user base contribution from

Dapps to the entire ecosystem.

dataValue() can be designed as a laddered function, different comments number

range have different calculation factor, this will better incentivize Dapp to

encourage user to provide valuable comments and inputs.

Similarly, Odyssey will provide more rewards to early traffic contributors.





6.1 THE TRUE VALUE OF PRIVACY, DECENTRALIZED DATA STORAGE VIA
BLOCKCHAIN

ODYSSEY will build a system to keep all information on distributed storage via

blockchain. Some characteristics of blockchain, such as data is copied &

maintained by multi-participator; data can be only read and can’t be modified,

ensure that all the data storage, transaction verifications and information

transmission are decentralized and credible. Adoption of decentralized structure

saves cost of data integration, calculation and maintenance of central platform. It

helps to improve further operations’ efficiency and reduce operation cost for

sharing economy. The blockchain data characteristics of authenticity, tamper-

proofing, completeness and transparency provide convenience for legal evidence

tracking and also preventing malicious activities. Distributed billing & storage

system improves fault tolerance of data as well. An excellent & strong anonymity of

blockchain protects user’s privacy so user’s personal data won’t be leaked by the

third party.

 SUPPLY SIDE / Personal Information, Transaction Record, Community
Interactions, Credit Information, Coin Wallet, etc

 DEMAND SIDE / Personal Information, Asset Information, Community
Interactions, Credit In- formation, Transaction Record. Coin Wallet, etc

 DAPP / Traffic, User Base quality and size, Coin Wallet, Service
Data, Credit Information, advertisement, etc.



6.2 THE RETURN OF CREDIT, SMART CONTRACT EMPOWERED CREDIT-
BASED PROTOCOL

ODYSSEY credit-based protocol is designed to integrate “credit” in the entire

ecosystem in an encrypted manner.

Instead of the post-transaction mutual rating system in the existing sharing

economy, ODYSSEY’s credit-based protocol extends to all events in the

ecosystem. According to ODYSSEY’s credit mechanism, all actions can be

factored in the user’s unique credit matrix in the whole ecosystem, which is

encrypted on the blockchain.

Credit Matrix will highly impact everyone’s life in the ecosystem: rights & privileges,

cost of next participation in the system, penalty or elimination from the system.

Rating system among different service type is integrated into one single central

rating matrix and is universal to entire ODYSSEY ecosystem.

 SUPPLY SIDE / Viewing, Voting, Reviewing, Rating, Behavior, Sharing,
Promoting, Transaction, etc

 DEMAND SIDE / Asset Rating, Service Rating, Behavior, Transaction, etc

 DAPP / Service Quality, Traffic Quality, etc



6.3 A SHARING ECONOMY FOR ALL - AN INCENTIVIZED DYNAMIC
REWARDING MECHANISM

We believe monetization is a critical stimulator to sharing economy. ODYSSEY’S

economy stimulator mechanism will measure all parties (supply/demand/Dapp)

contribution to the ecosystem.

 SUPPLY SIDE / Viewing, Searching, Voting, Reserving, Using, Inviting,
Rating, etc

 DEMAND SIDE / Listing, Sharing, Promoting, Rating, ROI, etc
 DAPP / Traffic acquisition, cross-sub-ecosystem collaboration,

contribution to ODYSSEY’s mechanism upgrade etc.

All interactions (peer-to-peer, peer-to-Dapp, Dapp-to-Dapp) will be rewarded with

ODYSSEY token “OCOIN” from the system according to the mechanism algorithm.

This is to incentivize the participation, contribution, community building, integration

and scaling of the sharing economy.

All All interactions (peer-to-peer, peer-to-Dapp, Dapp-to-Dapp) will also be

associated with “OCOIN” flow from the two side of the interaction, which means

Interactions = Transactions = two side rewards, so that monetization can happen

from the upstream of the sharing economy actions, not only limited to service level

transactions.

Apart from the existing shared asset. ODYSSEY user will also be able to invest in

existing asset, or crowdfund future asset. Which is also under one universal credit

protocol, one economic stimulation mechanism.

In Odyssey, everything can be shared, everything can be connected, all

interactions can be monetized, it’s an entirely unbiased mechanism for everyone to

freely share and trade.



6.4 CONNECTING THE DOTS, THE ULTIMATE ONE SHARING ECONOMY

In ODYSSEY, all Dapps are sub-ecosystems, among which, OCOIN is the main

token, all sub-ecosystems can develop its own token based on ODYSSEY OCOIN

standard, OCOIN 20, which will make it easier for the token exchanges and Dapp

support.

Each system could acquire traffic, conduct fundraising, contribute in AI and big

data in Odyssey whole system, using OCOIN, while receiving OCOIN as reward

based on the ODYSSEY economy stimulation mechanism.

Value can be circulated in the entire ecosystem, with single UID, universal protocol

and mechanisms.

6.5 THE FOUNDATION OF GLOBAL PEER TO PEER ECOSYSTEM

Combining Blockchain smart contract with AI and Big data, ODYSSEY aims to

enable entire peer to peer ecosystem with high efficiency, lower operating cost,

better ROI.

ODYSSEY’s credit-based ecosystem will go beyond the sharing economy to entire

peer to peer ecosystem, to provide Dapp development support, effective

advertisement system for user acquisition, exchange, and other ecological projects.

To address inherent limitations within Blockchain technology such as scaling,

ODYSSEY will employ a strategy to deal with the scaling challenge is to perform

off-chain transactions in a safe and reliable manner, then record these transactions

in the EVM at a later time. The Ethereum road map includes plans to address this

challenge, and once that plan is widely accepted in the EVM we will adopt that

solution as it becomes available, but to fulfill our roadmap will build on an already

existing solution.





ODYSSEY’s official token is OCOIN.

OCOIN is the basic unit of accounts in ODYSSEY’s blockchain. The value of all

other tokens is derived from the value of OCOIN. Those who wish to enter or exit

ODYSSEY must buy or sell OCOIN.

TOKEN SPECS
● Total OCOIN tokens: 10 billion

● OCOIN token is ERC20

● Participant’s wallets must be ETH ERC20 compatible

● Token Sale accepts: ETH





8.1 ODYSSEY Tech Team

Ranran Liu

Former senior engineer in Tencent; Technology director in SND(shanda). Has rich

experiences in blockchain Technology, advertising algorithm , big data, system

architecture and technology management.

Minxu Liu

Former data & algorithm expert in Alibaba; Key developer to design taobao's data

platform and recommendation engine.

Xianlong Shao

Former Senior Engineer in PingAn; Familiar with large-scale advertising business

logic, involved in the development of the core module.

Gaven Zhou

Graduated from Shanghai Tongji University, Computer Science and Technology

Faculty in 2009. Worked as Key Technical Support and Program Lead Positions in

many well-known companies including Tencent, Sony, Sohu ChangYou , Mokylin.



Chief Program Developer in Mokylin "Nationwide Warriors" project, the product

was later managed by Tencent WeChat Team, and then sold to Guangzhou

37wan company at RMB 2.7 billion. CEO of Shanghai Magic Iron Technology

Co.,Ltd, A-round valuation 60 Million RMB in 2015.

Bobby Yan

Graduated from Central South University , Computer Science Faculty.Have work

experience in many large companies, and has 13 years of program experience, is

proficient in various programming languages​ such as C #, C ++, JS, Node.js and

has extensive experience in project framework design and logic coding. Project

direction involves games, financial products, gambling products, AR / VR etc.

Tank Hou

Graduated from Tongji University and has work experience in a number of large

companies such as SNDA a and Mokylin. He has 11 years of server development

experience. Proficient in a variety of server-side frame design. He has a variety of

user-level server frame development experience.

Conster Liu

Graduated from Beijing Jiaotong University, Computer Science Faculty. Have 10

years of experience in Information Security Technology. Have work experience in

large-scale companies including Tencent and Mokylin, as a user Information

Security Technology related position. Experienced in user information security,

prevention of third-party attacks, plug-in technology etc.



Tommy Lu

Graduated from Shanghai Donghua University, Information Systems Faculty in

2008. Has 10 years of experience in Program Development, worked in the Komura,

Sohu Changyou, 2K China and many other well-known companies. And in many

companies his position was Chief Program Developer, Technical Support and

others.

Winnie Wei

Graduated from Huanggang High School (top high school in China) in 2007 and

Graduated from Tongji University in 2011. During her tenure in school, she

received first-class scholarship each year and has work experience as Chief

Officer in various social organizations in the school. After graduation, she joined

Microsoft directly (the only member with a bachelor's degree in Microsoft in 2011)

and joined MTK in 2015.



8.2 ODYSSEY Advisory Team

Mr. Yi Shi - Chief Advisor

Yi Shi is the founder & CEO of technology company DotC United Group. The

company owns mobile advertising platform Avazu, app developer DotC and data

business intelligence platform Noogenesis. In 2014, Shi founded Teebik which is

focused on global mobile game publishing. In 2015, Shi sold Avazu to Shenzhen-

listed gaming company Zeus Entertainment for more than $300 million to realise a

back door listing onto China's A-Share, and he continued to oversee Avazu's

advertising operations. In 2017, he privatised Avazu from A-Share and injected all

Avazu's assets into DotC United Group within a $360 million transaction.

Yi Shi is recognized 3 times by Forbes as one of China's and Asia's 30 under 30

entrepreneurs, made to 2016 Fortune China 40 Under 40, and Hurun 30 Under 30

for China 2017. He is also the chairman and founding investor of oBike, a young

startup in the bike sharing space which aims to become the next generation

transportation platform designed for the first- and the last-mile.

Mr.Justin Sun - Chief Advisor

Justin Sun, born in 1990, graduated from University of Pennsylvania with Master

degree in the US, and received Bachelor degree from Peking University. He is the

founder and CEO of TRON, former Chief Representative of Greater China of

Ripple. He is also the founder and CEO of Peiwo APP which is the leading audio

content community in the world, and the initiator of the Revolutionary Road of

Financial Freedom. In 2015, Justin became the only “post-90s” member among the

first batch of students in Hupan University established by Jack Ma, the founder of

Alibaba Group, so Justin is known as “Protégé of Jack Ma”.



In 2012, Justin began to get in touch with Bitcoin Community, and in 2013 he

joined Ripple and worked as the Chief Representative of Greater China of Ripple,

helping Ripple to successfully finish the A-round financing of $30 million USD from

IDG/Accel, and making Ripple to become one of the top 3 virtual currency systems

in the world.

Mr. Goh Jian Kai (Jake) - Advisor

Jake graduated from National University of Singapore and New York University

with Bachelor’s Degree in Economics & Technopreneurship. He is the founder and

CEO of RateX, a cross border payment solution and one of the fastest growing

Fintech in Southeast Asia.

Mr. Teow Teck Toe (Danny) - Advisor

Danny graduated from the National University of Singapore’s (NUS) Faculty of

Engineering with First Class Honours, is the Chairman of boutique investments

and advisory firm ICH Group, and has established the ICH Bursary at his alma

mater. He is also a Co-Owner of Beeston Investment & Trade Inc.

During 1999 to 2000, he served as the COO of MyWeb Inc.Com. From 1997 to

1999, he was the Co-Founder and COO of TecnoChannel Technologies Sdn. Bhd.

From 1996 to 1997, he served as a Senior Officer at the Economic Development

Board of Singapore, where he worked at the Enterprise Development Division. He

has also held marketing positions with 3M Inc. in Singapore and a Director of

Wizoffice.com. He is a co-owner of Farina Investments Ltd.



Mr. Aaron Tan - Advisor

As the CEO of Carro Singapore, Mr. Aaron Tan has a passion for startups

company, business strategy and Java.

Launched in June 2015, Carro is SEA's largest automotive transactional

marketplace which makes online car buying and selling a breeze. Carro's mission

is to promote transparency and trust in the automotive industry. The company has

raised over $20 million in funding to date and are currently present in Singapore,

Indonesia and Thailand.

Mr. Samuel Chan - Advisor

With double degree in Science and Economics from the University of Michigan, Mr.

Samuel Chan is the Vice President, Trader, Asian Fx & Interest Rates Head of

Temasek.

Incorporated in 1974, Temasek is an investment company headquartered in

Singapore. Supported by 10 offices internationally, Temasek owns a net portfolio

value of S$275 billion (US$197 billion) as at 31 March 2017.

Former Vice President of ING with Proven Expertise in managing (i) client flows;

and (ii) alpha / relative carry positions and very strong experience in product

pricing, valuation, structuring, and risk management.

Former Ministry of Finance Desk Head, with rich experience in public policy

formulation and implementation; focus on corporate/ international tax advisory. As

Speechwriter for the Finance Minister, Samuel works closely with the government's

senior management and political leadership.



Mr. Yinglan Tan - Advisor

Educated at Harvard, Stanford and Carnegie Mellon, Mr.Tan Yinglan is Founding

Managing Partner at Insignia Ventures Partners. Prior to this, he was Venture

Partner at Sequoia Capital where he was the first hire in Southeast Asia. On the

investment front, Yinglan sourced multiple investment opportunities for Sequoia

India including Tokopedia, Go-jek, Carousell, Appier (where he represented

Sequoia on the board), Dailyhotel (where he represented Sequoia on the board),

Pinkoi and 99.co. He was also involved with evaluation of these opportunities,

diligence, writing of investment notes and supporting the investments with strategy,

recruiting, business development and fundraising.

Yinglan was honoured as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in

2012. He also serves on the WEF Technology Pioneer Selection Committee Panel

(2015-2017), Young Leader by the Milken Institute (2016), Top “40 leaders under

40” by Prestige Magazine (2015), one of 100 Leaders of Tomorrow by the St

Gallen Symposium (2010), 100 Global Thinkers (2011) by think-tank Lo Spazio

della Politica, a World Cities Summit Young Leader (2014), a WEF Global Agenda

Council member on Fostering Entrepreneurship (2011-2013) and a Kauffman

Fellow. Yinglan is the author of 3 books, namely, The Way Of the VC: Having Top

Venture Capitalists On Your Board.(Wiley, 2009), Chinnovation - How Chinese

Innovators are Changing the World (Wiley 2010) and textbook New Venture

Creation – Entrepreneurship for the 21st Century - An Asian Perspective (Mcgraw

Hill 2011).



Mr. Tim Phang - Advisor

Tim Phang is the General Manager of oBike's Singapore operations. Previously he

led the marketing science capability at Uber for Asia-Pacific, during which time he

oversaw the development of machine learning models to improve marketing

effectiveness. Prior to that he led enterprise product development for advertising

effectiveness measurement at LinkedIn, based in Asia. During this time, he served

on the Interactive Advertising Bureau's Measurement and Standards Committee

for South-East Asia, where he led the definition of common metrics and

implementation of best practices for marketers using social media. Tim graduated

from the University of New South Wales with degrees in Mathematics and Finance,

and was a management consultant at Ernst and Young in Australia before being

based in Singapore.

Mr. Aaron Tiong - Advisor

Aaron is Chief Business Officer of OBIKE, South East Asia’s first bike sharing

platform. Former Head of Partnerships of Uber APAC.

As a business professional with more than 20 years’ experience, especially in Asia

Pacific, he is culturally proficient across Asia and U.S with specialized knowledge

areas in the mobile, digital, telecommunications and hardware space.



MR Edward Chen - Advisor

A go-getter with entrepreneurial aspirations, Edward started dabbling in startups

after he graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong University, with a major in the Internet

of Things and Communication. With a keen interest in the sharing economy and

technology, his initial startups centred around these ideas.

In 2016, the green advocate in him jumped on the opportunity to start a bike-

sharing service in Singapore in a bid to reduce traffic congestion and carbon

emission. As such, he co-founded oBike with a few like-minded entrepreneurs,

leveraging on technology to provide an alternative short-distance commute option

to urbanites. Today, oBike is the leading bike-sharing company in Singapore and

the biggest in Southeast Asia. Within a short span of eight months, oBike has

expanded globally to 20 different countries.





9.1 OBIKE

OBIKE will be the first sharing economy market place to be compatible with

ODYSSEY Protocol.

oBike is a station-less bike sharing platform, providing a hassle free, more

sustainable, healthy, tech-friendly, and economic mode of transport. Founded in

Singapore in January 2017, oBike is Southeast Asia’s first smart station-less bike-

sharing company. In August 2017, oBike completed one of the largest fund raise in

Southeast Asia, raising 45 million USD from global leading sharing economy

companies.

9.2 TRON

TRON - Meet Decentralized Internet, The next Web 4.0 blockchain Dapp platform.

TRON is a world-leading blockchain-based decentralized protocol that aims to

construct a worldwide free content entertainment system with the blockchain and

distributed storage technology. The protocol allows each user to freely publish,

store and own data, and in the decentralized autonomous form, decides the

distribution, subscription and push of contents and enables content creators by

releasing, circulating and dealing with digital assets, thus forming a decentralized

content entertainment ecosystem.

ODYSSEY will partner with TRON to enable cross-ecosystem collaboration.





Phase 1: MVP Realization (2018.2 ~ 2018.10)

 OCOIN Wallet

 Credit-Based Universal Protocol for ODYSSEY Sharing Economy Ecosystem

 Rewarding Mechanism for sharing economy participants

 Obike to be the 1st sharing economy platform to be compatible with

ODYSSEY Protocol

Phase 2 - Ecosystem Establishment (2018.10 ~ 2019.10)

 Integrate subsequent batches of sharing economy and P2P system to

ODYSSEY ecosystem, with services across more standard product and

services (like bike sharing) to more customized product and services (like

accomodation sharing)

 ODYSSEY will adopt latest solution to address inherent limitations within

Etherem Blockchain technology especially for high-frequency and small

amount transactions.

 ODYSSEY will also consider employ a strategy to deal with the scaling

challenge. For example, by performing off-chain transactions in a safe and

reliable manner, then record these transactions in the EVM at a later time. we

will adopt that best solution as it becomes available.



Phase 3 - Ecosystem Booming (2019.10 ~ 2021.10)
 To build one data and transaction system to connect all sub-ecosystems,

leveraging the universal credit-based ODYSSEY protocol

 Utilizing data across all sub-ecosystems, leveraging AI and Big Data

Technology to increase overall market effectiveness, user acquisition ROI and

ecosystem health growth.

Consideration of Odyssey underlying technology

Odyssey will start the MVP implementation on top of Ethereum. While considering

for a typical P2P usage, high concurrence、 small amount payment、 user data

storage all will be a big challenge for today’s ethereum blockchain, we are closely

monitoring the various technologies been developed in the community and will

migrate our business to suitable one when it’s ready.

Usually Decentralization, scalability and security are the trilemma at play. First,

let’s take a further look into consensus mechanism. Current PoW is limited by

many factors including network speed so that the consensus achieved through the

whole network is limited. From PoW to PoS, to DPoS and many various PBFT

algorithms, there are various good metrics for each. And it’s proved that with DPos

or PZBFT consensus mechanism, the transaction confirmation in the blockchain

can be rather fast with tremendous throughput guaranteed. DPoS leverages the

power of stakeholder approval voting to resolve consensus issues in a fair and

democratic way.

DPoS uses a reputation system and real-time voting to achieve consensus, which

allows transacations to be confirmed very fast. The selected trusted parties are

eligible to create blocks and prevent non-trusted parties from participating. Those

delegates, who are responsible for creating blocks, are unable to change

transaction details. It can be treated as a more efficient PoS algorithm with more

decentralization consideration. Today Bitshares and EOS programs are based on



DPos and have achieved remarkable progress. And we think DPos is a nice

candidate for consensus protocol selection.

Let’s take a further look into transaction confirmation. We see some optimization

approaches are with good potential:

1. Sharding. Currently, in all blockchain protocols each node stores all states

(account balances, contract code and storage, etc.) and processes all transactions.

Sharing will allow each node only process part of the transaction and greatly

relieve the loading of each node. Currently Ethereum plans to go with this

approach.

2. Lighting Network and State Channel. Those strategies try to conducted the

transaction off the train without delegation of trust and ownership. In such situation,

the decentralized ledger won’t hold all the details thus brings some security

sacrifice.

We actively look forward the Sharing + DPoS can empower our usage scenario

well.

3. Decentralized content storage

We hope the whole information related to service provider and service consumer

are transparent and unable to tamper with. As the data is not trivial to be able to

store in today’s blochchain, we are actively seeking a decentralized storage

solution so that the small while critical data that has to be stored in blockchain and

the large amount of user data can be separated. And among those candidates, we

think IPFS is a good solution and will deploy our service on top of that once it’s

available.





This white paper sets out the current and future developments of the ODYSSEY.

This white paper is for information purposes only and is not a statement of future

intent. Unless expressly specified otherwise, the products and innovations set out

in this White Paper are currently under development.

The Company makes no warranties or representations as to the successful

development or implementation of such technologies and innovations or

achievement of any other activities noted in this White Paper and disclaims any

warranties implied by law or otherwise to the extent permitted by law. No person is

entitled to rely on the contents of this White Paper or any inferences drawn from it,

including in relation to any interactions with the Company or the technologies

mentioned in this White Paper. The Company disclaims all liability for any loss or

damage of whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable or not) that may arise from any

person acting on any information and opinions relating to the Company, the

Company platform or the Company ecosystem contained in this White Paper or

any information that is made available in connection with any further inquiries,



notwithstanding any negligence, default, or lack of care. The information contained

in this publication is derived from data obtained from sources believed by the

Company to be reliable and is given in good faith, but no warranties, guarantees,

or presentations are made by the Company with regard to the accuracy,

completeness, or suitability of the information presented. It should not be relied

upon and shall not confer rights or remedies upon you or any of your employees,

creditors, holders of securities or other equity holders, or any other person. Any

opinions expressed reflect the current judgment of the authors of this White Paper

and do not necessarily represent the opinion of the Company. The opinions

reflected herein may change without notice, and the opinions do not necessarily

correspond to the opinions of the Company. The Company does not have an

obligation to amend, modify, or update this White Paper or to otherwise notify a

reader or recipient thereof in the event that any matter stated herein or any opinion,

projection, forecast, or estimate set forth herein changes or subsequently becomes

inaccurate. The Company, its directors, employees, contractors, and

representatives do not have any responsibility or liability to any person or recipient

(whether by reason of negligence, negligent misstatement, or otherwise) arising

from any statement, opinion, or information expressed or implied, arising out of,

contained in, or derived from or omission from this White Paper. Neither the

Company nor its advisors has independently verified any of the information,

including the forecasts, prospects, and projections contained in this White Paper.

Each recipient is to rely solely on its own knowledge, investigation, judgment, and

assessment of the matters that are the subject of this report and any information

made available in connection with any further inquiries and to satisfy itself as to the

accuracy and completeness of such matters. While every effort is made to ensure

that statements of fact made in this White Paper are accurate, all estimates,

projections, forecasts, prospects, expressions of opinion, and other subjective

judgments contained in this White Paper are based on assumptions considered to

be reasonable as of the date of the document in which they are contained and

must not be construed as a representation that the matters referred to therein will

occur. Any plans, projections, or forecasts mentioned in this White Paper may not

be achieved due to multiple risk factors, including, without limitation, defects in



technology developments, legal or regulatory exposure, market volatility, sector

volatility, corporate actions, or the unavailability of complete and accurate

information. The Company may provide hyperlinks to websites of entities

mentioned in this White Paper; however, the inclusion of a link does not imply that

the Company endorses, recommends, or approves any material on the linked page

or accessible from it. Such linked websites are accessed entirely at the user’s own

risk. The Company does not accept responsibility whatsoever for any such

material or for consequences of its use. This White Paper is not directed to or

intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity who is a citizen or

resident of or located in any state, country, or other jurisdiction where such

distribution, publication, availability, or use would be contrary to law or regulation.




