































  This is also our founding philosophy. Even we are Japanese, we should be able to create services like big 
corporations like Apple, Google and Facebook, in IT sanctuary, Silicon Valley, with our founding generation. 
We are seriously aiming to challenge the same stage as Facebook and　raise the Japanese flag, “rising 
sun” or “Hinomaru”, to the global IT market. 

Over the past four years we have carried out marketing strategies with influencers and social media. Since 
it is the strength of start-up and IT that "few enthusiastic staff can create business of tens of billions scale" 
in a few years, we will take full advantage of our skill and passion to fight 

In fact, Pokémon GO operates about 600million people by about 75 members. 
　

Raise the Japanese “Hinomaru” flag in  
IT sanctuary, Silicon Valley



Who We are

Influencer refers to a person who has a very strong influence and sending power 
among SNS called youtuber, blogger, and instagramor 

Since around 2010, I have been promoting influencer marketing earlier than anyone 
else in Japan about the influencer marketing and acting as a leading influencer in Japan 
to spread influencer's "existence" and its "value". 

Therefore, for these years, we have fully accumulated marketing skills using influencers 
and social media, "ability to attract customers" and "ability to sell." 

In addition to that, we are currently accumulating "the ability to create better products". 
I am the Japanese entrepreneur who is the only admitted by Facebook founder Mark 
Zuckerberg that was born in the same year. 

By developing and implementing influencer sharing economies services using block 
chain technology, Influencers from all over the world, including influencers in Japan, 
should be gathered on the platform and recruited. 

In the future, we are going to make a dramatic achievement, to make a leap and to 
overwhelm the world. 

Knowledge, academic background, personal connections, career, nothing to do with 
that. If you have an Internet environment, smartphone, with SNS, even an unnamed 
individual can make your dream come true. 

Through PATRON, we are happy if we can give away love, courage and excitement to 
many children around the world. 

　

by   Founder   Atsushi Hisatsumi  



Japan ICO Marketing（PR & Marketing）

2017 Start-up companies around the world 
We have comprehensively supported ICOs.

Tota l  funding for  supported ICO projects .  

＄  27 .9  Bi l l ion  (USD)  
August   -  December   2017

CRYPTO20

KICKICO

CLOUT
NOUS

TraDove

secret

DESCLOW

etc. 

Torus

PATRON

Extravaganza, Patron's administrative company, is a major player in software development and marketing support. 
From August 2017 - Currently, I have supported various ICO projects.



Some postings



Influencer

  The age of social media, truly everyone can operate with media via SNS. This is a new world that has been 
created with rapid evolution in the last 5 years. Even unknown individuals can use social media such as 
YouTube, Instagram and blog to become famous and raise his or her awareness, influence-ability, and become 
famous, be in ideal form and shape, or make goals and dreams come true. 

Social media such as Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Weakat, Instagram, Linkedin, LINE, Blog, etc. or SNS is a 
platform of communication and communication exchange where more than 3 billion people on this planet are 
connected. 
And it can be positioned as a group or collection of media. 

Speaking of influencers, people who have big followers like talents and athletes have been designated before. 
Although, when celebrity influencers send their message on social network, it will cause a large reach number, 
it does not necessarily mean that there is a proportional impact, such as attracting customers and 
achievements. Influencer refers to a person who has a very strong influence and sending power among SNS 
called youtuber, blogger, and instagramor. 

We consider those micro influencers that can catch niche target segments with high probability could be more 
important, it is also important to approach to audiences who have higher possibility to get result such as 
influencers themselves, or listed members of friends of LINE possessed by influencer, members of mail 
magazine, Facebook group, or Online salon. 

The power that impress various people with message sending, attracting power and influence on internet 
media, etc. The value of those key persons who move many people are set as "money". Using this “money” the 
function of "lending and borrowing between individuals" with influencers and "lending and borrowing & buying 
and selling of individuals” between individuals and companies will be operated through social media around the 
world. And the latest live distribution interface incorporates functions that can collectively deliver all SNS live at 
once (from one smart phone device to YouTube live、Facebook live、Instagram live、LINE live, etc. ). And also 
live commerce, live funding, ICO function specialized for influencers and individuals are to be implemented 
using block chain technology.  
Our new service PATRON will have all the above features. 

The essence of the Internet is that it is easy to raise voices. What can we do for those who cannot speak out 
and who could be spilling out from society, as the gap in economic situation is expected to widen. The history of 
PATRON will raise from the sharing economy of influencer, however we would like you to understand 
advantages of using influencers are not just about PR and marketing. In other words, the service that PATRON 
offers is not just the marketing platform. 
Because PATRON summarizes countless influencers scattered throughout the world, influencers all over the 
world, and people who need influencers (followers). PATRON offers combined service for influencers and 
followers. 

Age when amateurs are beyond super celebrities



7

P A T R O N 
Po w e r e d  b y  B l o c k c h a i n  Te c h n o l o g y

I n f l u ence r ’ s 	 s ha r i n g 	 e conomy



8

　ICO (Initial Coin Offering) is a method for procuring funds by issuing and selling proprietary digital 
tokens. It is not the form of transferring equity like stock procurement, but just like to purchase type 
cloud funding, we will do what we simply sell tokens. 

At the time of this token sale it is not recognized as "virtual currency" 
When you circulate in general through handling at virtual currency exchanges, it becomes "virtual 
currency". 

In other words, as a strict definition, ICO is not a method of "fund procurement" but "method of selling 
cryptographic currencies in a broad sense" 
Regarding the purchasing side, it is not "investor" who invests in the project but "Purchaser of token". 

At the present moment PATRON coin is not a person who can use it as a payment for a price for an 
unspecified person.  

There is no exchange market with statutory currency, bit coin, and other existing existing No. 1 virtual 
currency "refer to Article 2 (5) 1 of the fund settlement method), and the timing of the listing on the 
virtual currency exchange is also uncertain and undetermined, so the above definition is also 
applicable to PATRON's ICO process. 

About  PATRON ICO



Table of Contents

１  What is PATRON   
                                                                                                                        
２　  Market 

３   Business Model 

４   Management Plan 

５   Why is PATRON Necessary？ 

６   How do we solve the problem? 

７   Patron / Service 

８   Technical Data 

９       TokenMethod of Token Sale 

10       Partner/Support 

11       BoardMember 

12       AdvisoryBoard & Experts 

13       News

9



10

●  P A T R O N   
ver. prototype :  http://patron-demo.collabo-consul.com/ 

●What is PATRON?  
Patron is the platform for supporting the influencers’ market. It’s provides influencers’ sharing 
economy. （model : Airbnb） 

Influencers and SNS users around the world will be able to post, discover and book social 
media sharing economy information on the internet and mobile tablet. 
PATRON is a highly reliable marketing place of influencers’ sharing economy, where the 
influencer's SNS delivery frame are tokenized utilizing blockchain technology,  

Core Function of PATRON: 

1. Sharing the influencer's SNS delivery frame at the spot. (Pay every time) 
2. Share an Influencer exclusively for several months (Pay monthly). 
3. Acquire favorite influencers and monopolize (annual contract) 

In various cases as above it is possible to deploy various business on PATRON platform. 

1. What is “PATRON”

http://patron-demo.collabo-consul.com/


2. Market

11

Social media users  
worldwide from  2010 to 2021 

(billion）

Influencer（Micro influencer） 
 count in the worldnumber

World population / 7.45 billion people

Each Social media  

2~2.5 billion people 8 million Influencer

of patron 
Number of targets

social mediav user`s/2.5 billion people



3.Business Model

12

Sharing Economy

No matter how advanced business model there are similar examples and precedents in the basic part. 
Experienced entrepreneurs learn from similarities and precedents, mimic the good points, do not make 
useless fights. In the patron, "the precedent is a verified hypothesis", 90% take the initiative to learn from the 
successful case, We will carry out things to "leave the windows in the market with 10% novelty" Therefore, 
among patrons, among the many shearing economy platforms that exist, we created a sharing economy 
market system provided by Airbnb. And built the platform referring that system as developing model.

"10% novelty and 90% success stories"

"Make impossible, possible" rather than "cheap" "quick"

The key to expanding the platform of the sharing economy is how to secure credibility in P2P 
(Peer to Peer) transactions. It is difficult for people to lend their property to someone unless 
trust between users is premised. It is easy to build credit if it is between friends, but once it 
becomes strangers worldwide, It is essential to build a new credit infrastructure utilizing 
technology. 

What is expected is the use of block chain technology. By using a block chain mechanism that 
does not require the existence of a third party institution that guarantees credit such as state 
or central bank Between individuals, it becomes possible to build trust based on past history of 
each other and to conduct transactions. Using the block chain technology, we are trying to 
build a new contract mechanism between individuals participating in the sharing economy on 
PATRON platform.

Briefly explaining, in Airbnb, the host user shares "accommodation space for a fee" to the guest user

2025 Share Ring Economy Market to 35 trillion yen scale

We are  “Social Media Share Ring Economy” 



4. Management Plan

DEC 2017 
PATRON-ICO PREMIUM SALE Starts 

JAN 2018 

PATRON ver.Prototype 

PreSale  

FEB 2018 

PATRON PreICO 

MAR 2018 

PATRON ICO 

DEVELOPMENT: 

PATRON Blockchain version・App version Development Starts 

APR 2018 

Patron Inc  

Establishment of Patron Japan Office  

Establishment of Patron Silicon Valley Office 

Exchange Listing 

Patron ver. Beta   -Release 

JUNE 2018 

Exchange Listing 

APP RELEASE: PATRON Powered by Blockchain (App version) World release 

JULY 2018 MORE: 

PATRON Funding (ICO function) Additional function implementation starts 



14

5.Why PATRON is necessary? 

We thought that it was necessary for PATRON to disclose the value of every 
influencer by money (price), and feed them. 

Influencers around the world can search and rank from rankings for each genre 
and field for each SNS and can communicate. 

PATRON is a sharing economy of influencers. 

However, PATRON does not aim only to realize the sharing economy. 

In other words, the advantage of using influencers is not just about PR and 
marketing. 

In short, PATRON is not the only marketing platform 

PATRON supervises a myriad of influencers scattered around the world, 
It is a combined service for influencers and followers that gathers a lot of 
followers who need the world's most influential influencers. 

Who are the influencers? 

Is there really a benefit of using influencer sending power and influence? How 
much is the effect? How much profit will be expected if you engage influencers? 

What kind of thought do influencers have? What do they insist, or aiming for? 
And what kind of platform are they willing for PATRON to be? 

On the PATRON platform we pledge to resolve all these challenges. 



15

●Express the value of influencer by money (including virtual 
currency) 

Three method to judge and determine the value of influencer. 

◇1.“Dissemination ability / reachability (number)” 

◇2.“Power to engage / Engagement” 

◇3.“Trust / evaluation by users” 

Evaluation on host (indicating Patron) by the guest (indicating 
Influencer), support vote, how much he or she contributed to the 
PATRON platform. 

Value of influencers and micro influencers are calculated on PATRON, 
mainly based on our own three judgment methods. 

The means to solve will be explained in details in the next "PATRON 
service".

6.  How do we solve the problem?



7. Patron/Service

Paid share of  
Influencer’s 1 distribution frame  

in SNS media

As an exclusive 
 PR advertisement tower 
Monthly charge sharing of 

 influencers

I would like to acquire influencers 
Higher annual salary sharing by  

exclusive contract with influencer

Influencer

(Host) (Guest)

/Per Spot 
/Per month 

/Per Year

Influencer is a person who can influence others on SNS, 
and in PATRON market palace, Host could purchase one 
influential post as media as minimum, or he or she could 
purchase 1 month to a few month of posts (PR), or even 
purchasing influencer for a year as an advertising tower by 
closing contract through WEB. 

Since the party offering to influencers can offer to 
influencers directly, and referral fee (average price 40%) 
can be cut, influencers can increase revenue and 
sponsors can make it cheaper. 

It is possible to collaborate each other among influencers 
beyond the framework of SNS, and to assist for people 
who want to be influencers, on PATRON platform, 



17



Mechanism/Function.1

PATRON defines PATRON / user influencer, or influential key person who is active in various fields and genres on their 
respective SNS and blogs, including mass media and internet media, and the micro influencer are defined as "host". 
We define PATRON users who receive patrons (supporters and users) as “Host". 
We define PATRON users who receive sharing (supporters and users) as “Gest". 

PATRON is the platform where influencers, or influential key persons who are active in various fields and genres on their 
respective SNS and blogs, including mass media and internet media, and the micro influencers from all over the world are 
gathered. 

In PATRON, in addition to the plural powerful SNS media programs, influencer (person) himself or herself, or Influencer 
resources and time are calculated as value and tokenized. World's First, worldwide Influencer Marketplace is PATRON 
which platform is capable of influencers’ sharing economy. 

●Sharing of the social media of influencers could be purchased by one time.

We thought that it was necessary for PATRON to disclose 
the value of every influencer by money (price), and feed 
them. 

Influencers around the world can search and rank from 
rankings for each genre and field for each SNS. 

Through the message function, you can send questions and 
inquiries to influencers. 

Information such as social media (media) and contents that 
influencers want to share, as well as income rankings of 
influencers will be disclosed. 

You can also know sponsor and affiliation information, 
transfer desired information handled only with anonymous 
request feed, owner (buyer) information and so on. 

It is the guest who uses the host. 
Therefore, it is important for the guest to know the story and 
personality of the influencer who is the host. 

Please build a relationship of trust based on information that 
influencers are exposed, such as their birth, goals and 
dreams. 

The token purchaser can later receive PATRON Coin. Please 
actively accumulate knowledge and experience of Patron 
Coin and virtual currency. 



19

*Benefit of Influencer 
Secure stable revenue by 
 "getting the job only for the desired period" 

◇Work of the advertisement tower / PR ambassador (Please be sure to 
PR only the client's products during the contract period.) 

Effective influencers on videos and Live type SNS such as YouTube, 
Instagram, Twicast Live. are highly valued. 

It is safe in the PATRON because there are many clients who are 
already hoping for the following： 

We would like to introduce influencers for a certain period of time as an 
advertisement ambassador for new products. 

I would like to keep as many influential people as active in a certain field, 
or diffuse new products’ PR only once 

I would like to appear on SNS program of designated influencer / I would 
like to collaboarate. 

I would like to appear in SNS live program of my favorite influencer, xxx, 
and do xxx. 

●Contract with influencer exclusively as PR advertisement tower 
 by monthly billing  

keep influencer as official ambassador dedicating to you/your company by monthly billing base. 
 (PR ambassador) 

Mechanism/Function.2



20

● M & A 
sale / acquisition of influencers 
 (negotiation exchange trade)　  

* Benefit of influencer 

Influencer can look for buyer candidates with a high-price contract  

Sale and acquisition of influencers (M & A)  
(Target: company, brand, individual owner, affiliation and transfer, agreement / 1 year or more) 

You can recruit potential buyers anonymously 

You can recruit candidates for all buyers without revealing your activity name. 
If the buyer's suggestion is interested in you or your offer terms you will 
receive a purchase offer. It is only possible for agencies, entertainment 
productions, corporate sponsors or individual owners with capital strength 
that meet Patron's screening criteria, to log in to this service 

*Those need to acquire the rights of influencers themselves, including 
promotional PR media of influencers, portrait rights, sales amount within the 
contract period. 

Image that appeal to purchaser = Exclusive use of YouTuber with annual 
income 400 million yen, Hikakin at home ➡ Exclusive monopoly of YouTube 
Media Year Video image rate over 600 million times ➡ Monopolize annual 
sales of 400 million yen including advertising income, others (Exclusive 
affiliate contract to close, basically over 1 year, affiliate / transfer fee + fixed 
fee etc.) 
I simply want to buy influencers exclusively and become sponsors and 
owners. 

Mechanism/Function.3



※Additional services of which development is determined 
  
SNS All Live  　 
◇PATRON Live   -Powered by Switchboard- 
Reference 
http://prtimes.jp/main/html/rd/p/000000005.000026844.html 
https://news.switchboard.live 
Partner : Switchboard live   https://switchboard.live/ 

Through PATRON Live,                                                                                                                                       
it is possible to "broadcast all at once" to various SNS Live. 

At present, with the advent of various kinds of social media (SNS). 

SNS users must be familiar with multiple applications, according with this, influencer followers and 
fans should use multiple SNS and applications, and have to check the information sent by 
influencers by downloading each application one by one. 

By downloading PATRON on a smartphone, it becomes possible to distribute it from one mobile 
terminal (device) to multiple social media live at once. 

It will be possible to deliver videos to more than 10 active apps including leading social media such 
as Facebook Live, YouTube Live, Periscoop Live (Twitter). 

◇Crowdfunding 2.0 （ICO） 

Implementation of Crowd Funding 2.0 specialized for individuals. SNS influencer: 

We will realize the next generation crowd funding (ICO) financing platform focused on individuals 
aiming for influencers. 

　 

http://prtimes.jp/main/html/rd/p/000000005.000026844.html
https://news.switchboard.live
https://switchboard.live/


22

                                            Influencer’s sharerinG economy   

　

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　PATRON       　　　 

　　　　　　　　　　　


                     powered by blockchain  Whitepaper  - © 2017  EXTRAVAGANZA.  All Rights Reserved

Information can be spread and delivered to many people in a short period of 
time. 
You can collect many people in designated places 
You can sell more products, products and services (expanding sales) 
You can book the social media of the influencer (PR distribution frame) at once, 
and purchase it collectively 
You can select from such detailed genre as fashion, beauty, music, business, 
professional, and others, possible from influencer's expertise. 
You can check the schedule of influencers through the calendar function. 
In addition to PR requests, you can appear on SNS media, such as live 
streaming programs which frame is possessed by influencer. 
You can ask questions from Influencer from messaging function 

Communication messaging 
You can deliver the social media program of influencers purchased in advance, 
at reserved time. 
You can collect as much influencer information as you need, put them all 
together in the cart, complete all the flows online until you settle and purchase 



23

●Patron  -prototype

http://patron-demo.collabo-consul.com/lp/ 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxkY94UvkJ0 

●Short movie

http://patron-demo.collabo-consul.com/lp/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxkY94UvkJ0


8. Technical data 



Business plan summary



Gross profit transition chart









30

PATRON will issue an open source cryptocurrency called PATRON COIN (PAT) 

PAT is a common currency within the service used for various PATRON services. 
PAT is built on the public Ethereum blockchain as an ERC20 token. 

Issuance of PAT 

PATRON will distribute 240 million PAT out of a total supply of 400 million in the ICO. 
The funds collected in the ICO will be used to build PATRON services, app development, 
facility preparation, legal and audit systems, etc. 
160 million PAT will be allocated to PATRON to be used strategically for the long-term 
development 
of PATRON with distribution to board members and advisors. 

Patron will eliminate previous concerns in the influencer marketing industry that included 
many intermediaries that heavily impacted margins for influencers. 

The introduction of smart contract technology eliminates brokerage commissions, 
The benefits also include increased income for influencers and lower fees for clients/
brands.  

  -   Additional Benefits: 

・Contract between host (Influencer) and guest (contractor) using PAT 

・Use PAT for host (Influencer) and guest (influencer) co-starring 

・Ambassador agreements using PAT 

・Use PAT to buy, sell and trade with influencers 

・Influencer followers and fans can buy PAT from PATRON 

・Followers and fans will cheer and do a fan vote with PAT for influencers 

・If the Influencer who voted has been able to make a contract, 

　you get money from the Influencer at the rate of voted PAT (stable) 

・Fan polls to drive engagement on the platform and award contracts and incentives 　 
　based on popular demand 



The Development Process



Platform Development 



33

Patron has been audit security checked in Smart 
Contract development. In case 

Development cooperating company

Technical audit  byToken  by



D a p p s

Purpose of using virtual currency funds collected 
by token sale

I n f l u e n c e r

PATRON  
DEVELOPMENT PATRON ICO

・ PATRON ICO Initial Cost

・  PATRON ICO Running Cost

I C O s

・Token & COIN Development

・Personnel & Respective Fee

・ Others

MANAGEMENT Enterprise Company Setting

・Headhunting influencers all over the world

・Advertisement & Promotion

・Blockchain/Coin Management, Server Management, Mining

・Internal retained

・Silicon Valley Office Establishment

・Tokyo Office 

・Setting up Middle size office in Japan. 
   YouTube shooting studio, live program 
   distribution studio, Workshop space,  
   lecture space, Space where  influencers,  
   future influencers, and creators can  
   drop in anytime (for about 500 people).

WEB system conversion into application 

Make a trade or transfer agreement  
with the contracted influencer 
（M & A function） 

"Live function" distributing to multiple media  
at once, through PATRON. 

PATRON funded procurement assistance of  
registered users "PATRON Funding function" 
(Funding method: ICO Initial Coin Offering)

I n c.



9.Token／Method of Token Sale 
(Number of Token that will be issued) 



Token／Issued

Total tokens issued：400,000,000 PAT　 

PRE ICO：60,000,000 PAT 

Token sales：240,000,000 PAT　 

ICO：36,000,000 PAT 

Initial Influencer：60,000,000 PAT　 
　 
PREMIUM SALE：84,000,000 PAT　 
　


Lock-up 

We will be locking up 160 million PAT tokens 

 (that is the PATRON-owned portion and 40% of the total amount of PAT 
tokens)  
for 2 months after the ICO closes.



Patron Dashboard (Patron wallet)

https://patron.icoadm.in/users/sign_up 

-Register for your free
- URL

https://patron.icoadm.in/users/sign_up


- Referral Program

What is Referral program 
Get a token of 20% of the purchase amount when purchased from introduction 
code 



  

- Patron Token

About token distribution. : 2018, Apr. 1st   (UTC).~  

https://patron.icoadm.in/users/sign_up


9.Partner/Support



Atsushi Hisatsumi  

Founder of  PATRON   
Founder, CEO & CMO  of EXTRAVAGANZA INTL, INC. 

Founder, CEO & CMO of EXTRAVAGANZA INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
Atsushi is a welknown and established businessman in Japan. 
Activity being dedicated to software development & application 
development are Patron, M&A Influencer, Fansta, Fankura, etc.  
He has afluent experience of Marketing, Marketing Planning & Support. 
He is also the member of: Passion Leaders, Japan Media Association, 
The Bridhe Japan, and Atlas. 
The partners of Extravaganza International are KICKICO, 
SWITCHBOARD LIVE, Stripe, Inc., Cybird, Meigakukan Holdings 

10.Board Member



Profile
https://hisatumi.amebaownd.com/pages/91200/profile

Crunchbase
https://www.crunchbase.com/person/atsushi-hisatsumi

Instagram
https://www.instagram.com/hisatsumi/?hl=ja

Linkedin
https://www.linkedin.com/in/atsushi-hisatsumi/

Facebook 
https://m.facebook.com/hisatsumi530

Facebook
https://m.facebook.com/hisatsumi0530/?locale2=ja_JP

Wantedly
http://www.wantedly.com/users/17810449

Blog
https://ameblo.jp/hisatumi/entry-12321682519.html

Ameba blog

https://ameblo.jp/hisatumi/entry-12321682519.html


Twitter

https://twitter.com/atsushi530


Youtube

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxkY94UvkJ0


EXTRAVAGANZA Intl. Inc.

http://www.extravaganza-intl.us/


Wikipedia

https://g.co/kgs/KNV3Ha


THE BRIDGE

https://member.thebridge.jp/companies/1078


PressRelease

https://prtimes.jp/main/html/searchrlp/company_id/2684


Service : FANSTA   https://fansta.us/

Service : Fankura   -Powered by Salonde -  https://fankura.jp/


Atsushi Hisatsumi 
Official Media

https://hisatumi.amebaownd.com/pages/91200/profile
https://www.crunchbase.com/person/atsushi-hisatsumi
https://www.instagram.com/hisatsumi/?hl=ja
https://www.linkedin.com/in/atsushi-hisatsumi/
https://m.facebook.com/hisatsumi530
https://m.facebook.com/hisatsumi0530/?locale2=ja_JP
http://www.wantedly.com/users/17810449
https://ameblo.jp/hisatumi/entry-12321682519.html
https://ameblo.jp/hisatumi/entry-12321682519.html
https://twitter.com/atsushi530
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxkY94UvkJ0
http://www.extravaganza-intl.us/
https://g.co/kgs/KNV3Ha
https://member.thebridge.jp/companies/1078
https://prtimes.jp/main/html/searchrlp/company_id/2684
https://fansta.us/
https://fankura.jp/


Mutsumi Ishihara  

Patron Co-Founder／CTO 

I participate in our business on-line by Tottori-ken residence. 
A work life of part-time work fails in a business at 20 years old, and is saddled 
with debt, and starts. 

It's affected at Mr. HORIEMON fact Horie Kibun, and though it's system 
inexperience, is united to a local system company. 
I begin to come into action to make the localness fine by independence and the 
power of the IT in 2012. 

"Because it's useful to a person." it's made work and the work to have an 
influence on the whole country and the world from localness is being done. 
[Results in the past] 
* A septic tank of a major company and customer management system 
development are built. 
* Accounting connected system development of a major company and building 
* Water supply management system development of a major company and 
building 
Car management system of a used car event 

[SKILL] 
* Perl, Ruby on Rails, PHP, SQL Server, VB VBL, JAVA



CCO of Extravaganza International.

With more than 25 years of hands on experience as a commercial director 
and a creator in advertising industry, he become a Head of Creative in NBC 
Universal Japan. 
After actively dedicated and connected to global projects and  members, he 
held an manager position in major advertising agency.  He was awarded in 
NY FESTIVAL, ASIA PACIFIC advertisement prize (ADFEST), Dentsu 
advertisement prize, PROMAX/etc.
Based on those formaer experience and expertize, he is currently operating 
international affair of EXTRAVAGANZA International as a global 
communication hub.

Terry  |  Teruhito  Shiraishi

C C O ／ Movie creation



From Tochigi Prefecture 

Joined to EXTRAVAGANZA after expertencing sales expireence with IT 
venture. 

Currently, as a sales & PR manager, we support marketing of various 
companyes both in Japan and overseas. 

※ Media Promotion Achievements 

・Forbes   ・Inc.   ・Influencive    ・YAHOO 
・Mornimgstar  ・Huffposs   ・Asahi    ・PR TIMES 

Kousuke  Takada 
C M O



Project support 
Co-Founder of  ICO AGENT  

Kayo 

WEB & graphic designer Born in Niigata, Japan. 

Mainly designing logos, web sites, etc. 

In the design, I thought that there is "the ability to make a purpose" 
Under the philosophy of "realizing the purpose of various people and 
companies through design," we are developing creative activities for a 
creative and prosperous future. 

Kayo is Focus Crypto currency at Curation Media, “ ICO AGENT ” Co-
founder. 



[Brief summary of career] 
March private Keio University department of commercial science graduation in 1999 
2002 year October audit corporation toe pine entrance (Deloitte ToucheTohmatsu LLC) (present incorporated audit 
corporation toe pine) 
In June, 2007 Audit corporation toe pine leaving. 
July, 2007 Catalpa audit corporation entrance (KPMG AZSA LLC) (present incorporated catalpa audit corporation) 
June, 2010 Catalpa audit corporation leaving 
(KPMG AZSA LLC) July, 2010 CPA licensed tax accountant State of Washington American CPA American licensed 
tax accountant Akira Fukutome office opening (Japanese CPA , Japanese CPTA and Washington State 
USCPA ,Enrolled Agent ,Satoshi Fukudome office) establishes Akira Fukutome international accounting advisory 
corporation in February, 2016  

[qualification acquisition].  
▪  CPA (Japanese CPA) (registration number Register NO.20195) 
▪  The State of Washington license holder American official recognition bill (Washington State Board of 
Accountancy License Holder USCPA) (Registration number Register NO.28862) 
▪  Licensed tax accountant (Japanese Certified Public Tax Accountant) 
(Registration number Register NO.116849) 
▪  American licensed tax accountant (Enrolled Agent) 
(Registration number Register NO.113426) 
▪  English Welsh Imperial sanction State Board of Public Accountancy IAS official approval 
(ICAEW OF IFRS CERTIFICATE) 

[LECTUER] 
▪  Credit Suisse corporation of securities 
The state of the corporate governance asked from a Japanese company now Additionally a study meeting lecturer 
takes charge of accounting for income taxes, a financial product and IFRS for an analyst, too.  
▪  A corporation Fujitsu marketing (A bill, taxation business and an audit take charge of a lecturer of a study 
meeting over the different contents.) 
▪  TAC Co., Ltd. 
(1) Special seminar by a certified public accountant successful candidate of Japan and U.S.! -The secret of a pass! 
The one qualification utilized! About differentiation with a person-. 
(2) Man of business seminar of an American CPA lecture 
▪  Corporation professional nexus 
(1) Point of the worksheet making and the utilization which standardize accounting business 
(2) Point on the practical business affair of the accounting for income taxes learned by a worksheet 

Satoshi  Fukudome
C F O



Hideki  Kimura
Sales  Representative

Born in Saitama, Japan. 

Employment History：Three-Call Co., Ltd. / KDDI Co., Ltd. 
My Goal is to constantly improve my sales skills, foster 
networking relationships and share my strategic sales and 
planning strategies 

Position：Sales Representative 
Duties：Increased sales volume by adding eight additional 
accounts in my area territory and built relationships with 
customers and the community to promote long term business 
growth 

Personal Profile：Strategic account development /Enthusiastic 
about networking



11.Advisory Bord and Experts 

Keith Teare 
TechCrunch／Founding Shereholder

 Keith Teare is a British born, Silicon Valley entrepreneur. He is currently 
Executive Chairman of Accelerated Digital Ventures - a $200m UK based 
Venture company. Previously he co-founded TechCrunch and also Europe's first 
Internet Service provider - EasyNet.



Sam Lee 
Ethereum South China／Co-Founder          

Samson Lee – Co-Founder of Ethereum south China and south Asia communities, Founder & CEO 
of CoinStreet, Founding Executive Chairman of China (Guangdong, Hong Kong, Macau) Greater Bay 
Area TechFin Association,  

Co-founder of Hong Kong Blockchain Centre; Chief Crypto-economic Advisor of Gibraltar Blockchain 
Exchange, board advisor of Universa.io, Asia President of Next.TV Inc. and Chairman of STM Digital 
Group. 

Apart from being an experienced crypto-currency investor, Samson has over 20 years’ experience in 
TMET sector,  

with proven success in commercializing various digital services and e-business operations across in 
Asia, including the world’s first 4G premium VOD service in 2012 with China Mobile, first mobile e-
wallet in 2003 with PCCW, first verified-by-VISA SMS payment service with VISA and Bank of China 
in 2002 



David A. Cohen 
Hashgraph／Adviser 

IOTA／Former member
David A. Cohen is internationally renowned for his pioneering work in the Decentralized 
Software industry and recently in the Digital Currency and Blockchain industry. David 
was a key member of the IOTA Foundation during the IOTA Token Cryptocurrency 
launch which broke all previous records reaching a $1.7 Billion market cap on the first 
day of trading,  

as reported by Forbes Magazine on June 13, 2017. 

David was named as one of the Top 100 Movers and Shakers in the SmartGrid by 
Greentech Media.  

David is working on next generation blockchain architectures such as Hashgraph, and 
is currently advisor to Hashgraph. 
 He is also working with FarmaTrust, WePower, Wireline.io, and other blockchain 
companies. 

He was the founder and CEO of Infotility where he pioneered the“Grid Edge”unlocking 
multi-billion-dollar software markets and creating the industries first artificial 
intelligence-based software platform - GridAgents™. 

David is a thought leader and has spoken at many venues such as MIT, TEDx, 
Consensus, Blockchain 100X and Singularity University. He is an expert on Blockchain, 
Artificial Intelligence, Cybersecurity, and Edge Computing 



.

Toni Lane Casserly 
CoinTelegraph ／Co-Founder

Toni Lane is an artrepreneur in the Digital Currency and 
Blockchain Industry who co-founded CoinTelegraph 
and the virtual blockchain nation movement. She has 
been affectionately entitled, “The Joan of Arc of 
Blockchain” and “Young Star of Bitcoin” by her peers 
and various publications. 

Miss Lane serves as an advisor to several notable 
companies, funds and family offices, including, but not 
limited to: SingularityU, Factom, The United Nations, 
Propy, HSBC, Cicso, P&G, Institute for the Future and 
St. Gallen Symposium. 

In other worlds, Toni Lane is a recording artist and the 
founder of the “immaterialism” (post art) movement 
where she uses consciousness as a medium



Yagub Rahimov 
７marketz Inc. group of companies 

／CEO and Co-Founder

Yagub Rahimov is the CEO and Co-founder of the 7marketz 
Inc. Group (AtoZForex.com, FintechEvents.Center, 
NewsOgram AI and GrowthChannel). 

Yagub is one of the very few early Bitcoin and Blockchain 
adopters, investing since July 2009. He has been advising a 
select list of top quality ICOs, as well as investing in them. 

Yagub has a vision that machine learning combined with the 
Blockchain technology will define the future of the FinTech 
ecosystem. 

http://AtoZForex.com


Arda Kutsal 
Founder, Webrazzi

As Founder/CEO of Webrazzi (parent company of Bitrazzi), 
Arda Kutsal has been covering tech startups since 2006. 

Profiled under Fortune magazine’s ’40 under 40’ lists 
between 2011-2017 and featured together with Webrazzi on 
the cover of Forbes Turkey (October 2010), Arda Kutsal is 
considered one of the rare names in the industry with 
extensive knowledge of regional investments, start-ups, and 
strategies in the internet, digital economy, and blockchain. 

He has been supporting and investing in blockchain/
cryptocurrency startups since 2013. 



Shintaro Akita 
Global Energy Holdings/CEO 

AC Holdings former CEO (Jasdaq listed company) 
Global Energy HD Representative Director 
In 2012, at the age of 25, sales of solar power generation exceeded 
sales of 10 billion yen, group companies exceeded 10 companies, 
and even a plurality of listed companies will serve as directors. 
Shintaro also opened a solar panel manufacturing plant in China and 
started manufacturing panels. 
Also, having made secession on several projects, collaborating with 
politicians and major companies, he is called a venture's flag. 
Today, in addition to the infrastructure business, he also participates 
in the FinTech business and application development business. 



TIME Inc／PR Specialist 
Jared Polites

EXPERTS

Small Cap Nation / CEO 
Hugh Austin



Former Ethereum / White Hacker

Jorge Rodriguez

George Bell  

Top 5 Agencies in the founder Crypto space  
- Crynet 



Prashant Pandit 
Executive Director, Universal CLC

Arun Luthra 
Investment Adviser 
Atrantis Business

Maryna Burushkina  
Co-Founder and CMO at 7marketz



Yasuo Tanaka 
Extravaganza / Adviser



Sally Eaves  
Emargent Technology CTO 

Official Ambassador 

Sally combines a depth of experience as a Chief Technology Officer, Practising Professor of Emergent 
Technology, Founder and Global Strategic Advisor, specialising in the application of disruptive 
technologies for business and societal benefit. She is an award-winning thought leader in innovation, 
digital transformation and technology, notably blockchain, artificial intelligence and machine learning. 

A member of the Forbes Technology Council, Sally is an accomplished author with regular contributions 
to leading business, technology and press publications including Forbes, The Times, CNN and CNBC, 
academic outlets and a new book ‘Edge of Disruption’. She is an international keynote speaker, MENA 
ambassador for blockchain events and a respected online influencer across multiple channels - 
consistently rated in the top 15 for blockchain and social media influence worldwide including 64K 
followers on Twitter. 

Sally strongly believes in technology being an enabler for social good which is reflected in her positioning 
for the UK IT Woman of the Year Business Role Model Award 2018 alongside active roles as a global 
STEM ambassador, trustee and mentor. She has also founded Aspirational Futures which seeks to help 
guide, support and empower the next generation of technology talent. 



Tatsuki  Nambara 

Appeared in the TV program "Money no Tora", businessman boasts a high profile of 
70% of japanese as "Reitetsuna Tora". 

Due to the impact of the bankruptcy of MG Rover United Kingdom in March 2005, 
it pays off a large amount of debt, and is revived splendidly. 

He currently heads the Luft Holdings group and has a wide range of businesses, 
including car rental,restaurants,medical and publishing.

Official Ambassador 



L E G A L

T A X



12. N E W S

4%

Interview

５TechTrends -2018

  NY -TimesSquare



Dubai Bockchain Conference & Award  2018 
https://www.blockchainmea.com 
https://www.globalblockchainbusiness.com/　　 
　　 
Dubai World Blockchain Token Summit   4-5 March 2018 
http://www.worldblockchaintokensummit.com/Default.aspx 
　　　 
Dubai  BII Sumit 
https://www.biisummit.com 

C o n f f e r e n c e 
-speaker







67


