











































Version 5.0 as of 2nd February 2018



Addendum
 •  After hearing out the community and recommendations from our advisors, we are improving the way   
    we are holding our token sale.

•  We are dividing the token sale into 8 phases over a 4-year period.

•  This is to provide accountability and show the progress of our milestones we have set out to achieve for our                                           
     community and token holders.

•  This is effective 31st October 2017.

•  Details of the token sale will replace the existing structure and as follows:

Phase 1 (2nd november 2017)
30,000,000 PYN hard-cap
Bonus: Nov 2, 2017 – Nov 3, 2017 – 27%
 Nov 4, 2017 – Nov 30, 2017 – 18%

Phase 2 (Last week of may 2018)
35,000,000 PYN hard-cap
25% bonus PYN token holders

Phase 3 (2nd week of november 2018)
35,000,000 PYN hard-cap
23% bonus PYN token holders

Phase 4 (Last week of may 2019)
35,000,000 PYN hard-cap
21% bonus PYN token holders

Phase 5 (2nd week of november 2019)
35,000,000 PYN hard-cap
19% bonus PYN token holders

Phase 6 (Last week of may 2020)
30,000,000 PYN hard-cap
17% bonus PYN token holders

Phase 7 (2nd week of november 2020)
30,000,000 PYN hard-cap
15% bonus PYN token holders

i



Phase 8 (Last week of may 2021)
22,045,000 PYN hard-cap
13% bonus PYN token holders

Note:

-  PYN cap is inclusive of all bonus pay outs
-  PYN token holders will get guaranteed preferential bonus in all upcoming phases (starting from Phase 2) and    
    the preferential bonus shall always be higher than the bonus for public sale.
-  All PYN sales from Phase 2 onwards will be at prevailing market price plus bonuses.
-  All unsold PYNs in every phase will be destroyed and not go back to the token supply.

milestones for Phase 1 – 8

Phase 1
30,000,000 PYN

• To secure remittance license in Singapore and initiate global remittance operations
• Launch of Paycent Debit Cards Worldwide (except sanctioned countries)
• Launch of Fiat and Digital Asset Dual Wallet
• Building of abstraction layer and integration with exchanges

Phase 2
35,000,000 PYN

• Integration with Forest.ae
• Acquiring licenses and expansion to 5 countries – Vietnam, Pakistan, Myanmar, Bangladesh and Nepal
• Launch of mPOS
• M&A of Philippines bank and developing a credit rating system for microfinancing

Phase 3
35,000,000 PYN

• Expansion to GCC countries
• Acquiring EMI license for EU
• Piloting of microloan

Phase 4
35,000,000 PYN

• Onboard 30 real estate developers to use PYN as payment mode for rentals
• Development of API integration with institutions, hotels, and retail/ecommerce for Paycent mPOS
• Expansion to EU and commence operations for mPOS
• Developing of Paycent Exchange with Central Bank of UAE on remittance

ii



Phase 5
35,000,000 PYn

• Expansion to African Sub-Continent, South and Central America
• Expansion to USA and Canada 
 
Phase 6
30,000,000 PYn

• Develop Unified Digital Payments network for banking and government services in the Middle East
• Acquiring licenses for CIS remittance network and plug and play Paycent services including microloans

Phase 7
30,000,000 PYn

• Land acquisition and development of Asian Blockchain Institute of Technology (ABIT)

Phase 8
22,045,000 PYn

• Invest in R&D in blockchain targeting aviation, logistics and distribution

iii



Questions and answers (Q & a)
Why is Paycent dividing its Token Sale into 8 Phases?

We have been listening to our community and advisors and we want to improve the way ICO is normally done. 
We believe that by breaking down our Token Sale into phases, token holders can track our progress from 
Phase-to-Phase before contributing. This is also to provide accountability and show the progress of our
milestones we have set out to achieve for our community and token holders.

How is this different from holding the full amount in escrow?

We believe that by being transparent and allowing the public to track our accomplishments in each phase, we 
will attract more like-minded token holders compared to just doing a one-time token sale.

what will be the benefit to current PYn token Holders?

All PYN token holders will get preferential rights to participate in all upcoming phases, along with additional 
bonuses that will be over-and-above to what is being offered via public sale.

How many phases are there?

There will be 8 phases over our company’s 4-year plan.

Is there a hard cap for each phase?

Yes, each phase will have a hard cap as stated in the addendum, and this will be inclusive of all bonus payouts 
and existing token holders preferential rights to buy.

so are you are mining more tokens?

No, the total amount of PYN will be the same. The change is that we are offering the same in phases.

why should i not Just wait and buy later?

Yes, you can, but you will miss out on the bonuses for PYN token holders and may also miss out on the
opportunity of appreciating PYN as the PYN sale is linked to the milestones and performance of Paycent.

What happens if Paycent does not reach its hard cap for each phase?

Being part of Texcent, Paycent remains self-funded by the founders till date. The founders have decided to 
come in and cover the shortfall as and when needed. All unsold tokens for every phase will be destroyed,
ensuring that the token supply will always remain limited.

iv



At what price will the PYn be priced at every phase?

PYN will be sold at market value plus bonuses for all upcoming phases. Existing PYN token holders have
preferential rights (as stated in the addendum) and the bonus shall always be higher than the bonus for
public sale.

what is Preferential right?

Preferential right is the option of first offer to current PYN token holder’s to participate in upcoming token sale 
phases with a bonus prior to the sale being open to the public. This sale to current PYN token holders will be 
open 48 hours prior to the public sale.

v



Contents

Abstract                                                                             1

Paycent Background                                                 2

Problem that We are Solving

Our USPs and Competitive Advantage in the Market

3

1

Bringing digital currency to
the Masses

Regulatory Licenses

Banks

Exchange

Payment Infastructure

Established Fiat Ecosystem

Confirmed Digital Ecosystem

3

1

1

1

1

2

2

Allowing digital currency Users to Have
Multiple Avenues of Spend 3

Conversion of digital currency to Fiat 
and Vice versa in Realtime 3

Cashless for the Unbanked

Financing for the Unbanked

4

4

Addendum

Q and A

i

iv



User Flow

Buyback and Rebates Programme

17

17

18

17

18

17

18

User Flow of Fiat to Digital Currencies

With our mPOS MDR 1.1% 

User Flow of Digital Currencies to Fiat

With our mPOS MDR 1.5% 

Total Flow

Milestones

Product Information

9

11

Timeline

What is Paycent

Usage

What is Paycentos

9

11

9

12

What is Paycent mPOS

Paycent Realtime Framework

13

16

Use Case Scenarios 7

The Great Token Sale 5

What is the Offer?

The Rewards for PYN Token Holders

5

6



Disclaimer of Liability

Important Notice

No Representation and Warranties

Representation and Warranties

Cautionary Note on Forward-looking
Statements

Market and Industry Information and
No Consent of Other Persons

Restrictions on Distribution
and Dissemination

No Offer of Securities
or Registration

Risk and Uncertainties

30

29

30

30

32

33

34

34

35

Partners

Team

Advisors

22

22

25

Accomplishments

Partners

Team

Advisors

20

22

22

25

Token Sale Summary 19



1

1. AbSTrAcT

Paycent is a global mobile dual e-wallet that can be funded by digital currencies (e.g. Bitcoin, Ether, Litecoin) with 
high liquidity and fiat currencies within the same mobile application. This allows the digital currencies holders 
multiple avenues of spend and straddle the world of fiat and digital currencies. By having integrated fiat and digi-
tal currency mobile wallets, plus the option of having a debit card linked to Paycent, this opens 200 countries and 
36 million points that Paycent is accepted. The full ecosystem of Paycent and Paycent mPOS allows payments for 
daily household spend such as utilities, cable and Telco airtime. All conversions from digital currencies to fiat will 
be done in realtime.

2. Our uSP’S And cOmPeTITIve AdvAnTAge In THe mArkeT

Paycent, a digital currency wallet and an extension of our Paycent fiat wallet, will bridge the gap and create a 
complete fiat and digital currency ecosystem. As Paycent is a live working product, we have an established net-
work and a continuously expanding fiat ecosystem. We have secured regulatory licenses and are also currently 
in partnership talks with several governments, banks, and companies to create an even larger ecosystem for 
Paycent and Paycentos. We have already made successful strides in the application and we are fully committed 
in improving the wallet. The development on several aspects are as follows:

2.1 reguLATOrY LIcenSeS

We have obtained regulatory licenses in UAE and the Philippines, and in-principle approval in Singapore and 
Hong Kong. With these licenses, we are able to start operations in the countries and build our user base.

2.2 bAnkS

We are currently in tier 2 talks to acquire and merge two banks in the Philippines, to create a larger ecosystem 
for Paycent. Paycent will be functioning as the online channel for the merged bank, and provide
microfinancing and basic banking services for the unbanked. This strategy will allow us to set up more branches 
across Asia and penetrate the mass market more quickly.

2.3 excHAnge

We are in negotiation talks to develop and host our exchange – Paycent Realtime Exchange, in Dubai, with the 
oversight of the Central Bank of UAE. This will provide realtime pricing and liquidity for Paycent and other
digital currencies. This will be a world first where a digital-exchange is built on a regulated exchange. 

2.4 PAYmenT InfrASTrucTure

We are in advanced talks with 2 major middle eastern economies to develop a Unified Digital Payments
Network for their banking and government services, and with Paycent as the online hosts of their national 
payment infrastructure.



2

2.5 eSTAbLISHed fIAT ecOSYSTem

Over a thousand merchants and counting are now accepting Paycent as an online payment mode. This has 
been a team effort for the past year and our team is working continuously to expand this ecosystem.

2.6 cOnfIrmed dIgITAL ASSeTS ecOSYSTem 

We have signed an agreement with For Est Real Estate (forest.ae) in UAE to be the first digital asset wallet to 
utilize Paycentos as a payment token, and are also in talks with over 30 real estate developers to accept Pay-
cent as a payment mode.

3. PAYcenT bAckgrOund

Paycent is a development by Texcent Asia Pte Ltd. Singapore has been chosen as our company headquarters.
The rationale is that:

• Singapore has a thriving FinTech culture
• MAS (Monetary Authority of Singapore) is open to new FinTech ideas and incubation 
• South Asia has a huge population with a high mobile penetration that is open to mobile money with about 

625 million people unbanked 1

1. Policy Research Working Paper 7255 The Global Findex Database 2014 Measuring Financial Inclusion around the World
     (http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/187761468179367706/pdf/WPS7255.pdf)



3

Putting the World’s Money Into Perspective

4. PrObLem THAT We Are SOLvIng

4.1 brIngIng dIgITAL currencY TO THe mASSeS

One of the primary goals of Texcent is to bring the digital currency market/ecosystem to mainstream audiences. 
Such audiences might have very little experience with digital currencies and will more likely have no easy
access to use and invest in digital currencies. Furthermore, there is the fear of new and innovative technologies 
that needs to be overcome. In the Paycent app, the user swipes right to the Paycent e-wallet, allowing the user 
to buy digital currencies, spend digital currencies and invest in digital currencies with a simple and seamless in-
terface. The benefit to the Blockchain/digital currency ecosystem will be a huge influx of fiat market
capitalization into digital currency which will enlarge the ecosystem. Holders of digital currency will have a better 
acceptance as digital currency become mainstream with seamless change through Paycent and its dual e-wallet.

4.2 ALLOWIng dIgITAL currencY uSerS TO HAve muLTIPLe 
AvenueS Of SPend 

One of the current limiting factors of digital currencies is that, although the ecosystem is growing, there is a lack 
of avenues of spending it in everyday life. With the Paycent app, a user can pay for his utilities and make
purchases with digital currency within the dual e-wallet. Because of our seamless integration, we have increased 
the channels that digital currency can be used. 

4.3 cOnverSIOn Of dIgITALcurrencY TO fIAT And
vIce verSA In reALTIme

With the seamless integration between the dual e-wallets within Paycent, all digital currency conversion to fiat 
will be done in realtime with a live exchange rate shown. This can eliminate fears and doubts of mainstream 
audiences to venture into digital currency, because once digital currency is converted, it will be reflected in 
their Paycent fiat e-wallet immediately.



4

4.4 cASHLeSS fOr THe unbAnked
  
With Paycent e-wallet app, the unbanked will have easy access to our merchant ecosystem and bill
payments with a simple iOS or Android app.  This inclusion allows the masses to participate in digital world with 
our network of clients and even a branded debit card that has over 200 million points including ATM 
withdrawals.  With Paycent, we are helping to push the unbanked to the forefront of currency freedom with the 
ease of exchanging fiat money into digital currency with a singular app and vise versa to spend it on daily 
essentials.  The wallet allows financial inclusion to huge population that otherwise would be left behind in the 
push to a cashless society.        

4.5 fInAncIng fOr THe unbAnked
  
Banks often do not offer non-collateralized loans unbanked individuals and new SME entrepreneurs.
An alternative solution to this is microloans or microfinancing. Using a proprietary Paycent approach, we
will assess individuals and provide loans to this group of people.
 
Using Big Data and through KYC processes, Paycent will gather demographic and financial information from the 
customers. Additionally, Paycent will build a digital identity of a user’s credit rating and worthiness score which 
will then be linked back to the user’s e-wallet profile. Some of the key scoring factors will include:

• Digital identity and reputation
• Social media history
• Repayment history
 • Family identity verification

Initially, the loans offered to new users will be small, but as their reputation score improves, the amount limits 
will be raised. The social media and family identity will make up some of the big data that we will be collecting 
to verify the individuals.



5

5. THe greAT TOken SALe

Implementing and integrating our digital Paycent e-wallet with our live Paycent fiat e-wallet demands special 
resources. Bringing in the right set of personnel from Developers to Legal and developing the infrastructure will 
require additional funds. We are offering an Initial Token Sale of PYN tokens (Paycentos), instead of raising funds 
via the traditional method, to allow the community to participate in our success of straddling between the
digital asset and fiat world. The utility token can be used within the Paycent dual e-wallet whenever conversion 
is required from digital currency to fiat.

5.1 WHAT IS THe Offer

We will offer 60% of all PYN tokens created to the public for purchase on the 2nd November 2017 starting at 9am 
Singapore time till 30th November 2017. A further 19% of the PYN tokens created will be kept by Texcent as a 
reserve. Extra 1% bounty will be used for the bounty campaign. 10% of the tokens will be allocated for education 
and research for related blockchain technologies in all verticals, and a part of this will also go towards funding 
a Land Grant in Manila to construct the Asian Blockchain Institute of Technology (ABIT). ABIT’s vision is to bring 
together the brightest minds in the community to build on the project. The remaining 10% of the PYN tokens 
will be distributed to the founders, employees and early investors to secure long term interest and alignment 
within the company.

Besides building the Asian Blockchain Institute of Technology (ABIT), we will also be funding academic research 
and educational classes for aspiring developers, who will eventually make contributions and benefit the
blockchain community. With a large blockchain community forming in the Philippines and the region, ABIT will 
also establish research cooperation with regional universities on various types and verticals of blockchain.
 Classes on blockchain and its derivatives will be held for all interested student and developers, and blockchain 
conferences will be organized to exchange ideas within the community and to bring awareness to the masses.



6

Each PYN token will be sold for 1:600 ETH (1 ETH will give your 600 PYN tokens). Other digital currencies will be 
converted to ETH for the purchase. The minimum investment amount is 0.025 Ethereum.

We will accept a maximum of 450,000 ETH as our upper limit. If this amount is raise before the closing date 
of our TOKEN SALE, we will stop the sale. If the amount is less than the maximum, the ratios will apply to the 

amount raised. 

5.2 THe reWArdS fOr PYn TOken HOLderS

Holders of PYN tokens will receive 33% of the aggregate exchange rate profit for digital currencies to fiat and vice 
versa converted between the dual e-wallet of Paycent. This will initially be done quarterly with the bounty being 
paid in ETH to the PYN holders.

For the users of Paycent Debit Card, they will receive an addition 0.1% of each spend in PYN tokens as loyalties 
token-back (similar to cash backs from credit cards). This will create a secondary distribution of PYN tokens that 
will create an open market for PYN with a price support and price increase.

We will NOT create new PYN tokens after this TOKEN SALE, to support the growth of the PYN in the
open market.

Holders of PYN tokens will receive 33% of the total interest profit of micro loans to Paycent lenders. This will be 
done quarterly with the bounty being paid in ETH to the PYN holders



7

6. uSe cASe ScenArIOS

Paycentos is the most convenient wallet up-to-date to buy/sell digital currency and spend it wherever you want 
with the Paycent card. It lets users to top up the wallet with local currency via cash, cards, banks 
transfer and then convert the fiat currency into equivalent Bitcoin or Ethereum in realtime.

1. Convert fiat currency to Bitcoin/ethereum and vice versa in realtime

Tom received a couple of Bitcoins from a friend as a wedding present. He was sulking at what a wasted gift 
he got until now. With Paycent, he converted the Bitcoins into his local fiat currency in realtime basis. 

2. travel anywhere in the world without worrying about cash

With the Paycent card, you can pay at over 36 million merchants in around 200 countries without worrying about 
the local currency. Paycent e-wallet will convert your Bitcoin/Ether to the local currency when you swipe your 
card. Even more, you can use the card at ANY ATM to withdraw local currency funds paying the
modest inter-currency exchange fee.

3. split bills or pay your friends back

Say goodbye to debts. Paycent app allows you to split bills with your friends or pay them back instantly in digital 
or fiat currency instantly without any fees.



8

4. filipino worker living in uAe

Jon lives in Dubai and his mother lives in the Philippines. Every month, Jon sends some of his savings to her. He 
used to go with the conventional funds transfer companies such as MoneyGram and Western Union. Tired of 
long queues and hefty convenience fees, he started to look for a reliable payment method which could do quick 
transfers with low fees.

He stumbled upon Paycent, signed his mother for the Paycent Debit Card. She uses the card to pay at over 
100,000 merchants and Sari-Sari stores in the Philippines. Also, she withdraws cash when needed from any local 
ATM. Whenever the card is low on balance, Jon tops-up the card with fiat/digital currency.

Because the transfer happens on Blockchain, the transfer happens in realtime. Also, the transfer charges are 
bare minimum. Jon does not worry anymore and lives happily.

5. removing entry barriers to digital assets

Jia lives in Vietnam. She works hard and wants to save money for her family. Due to frequent fluctuations in her 
national currency, she is always apprehensive of saving in Vietnamese Dong. The banks let her save in local 
currency only. She has been looking for reliable alternate solutions.

Jia was able to register for Paycent application and do the e-KYC in less than 5 minutes. Amazed by the
possibilities of what the app can do for her apart from sending funds, she can store digital currencies in her 
Paycent wallet and convert back into fiat in realtime basis.

Though she has never heard of the blockchain technology, the Paycent app gives her a comfortable spot to use 
the technology. She feels that she has made a right choice.

A step into digital currency for the general masses.



9

7.2 usage

7.1 Timeline
7. mILeSTOneS*

*Refer to Addendum 



10

• acquiring remittance and wallet license, overall Banking license and 2 banks in Philippines

45,000 ETH

This will allow Texcent to apply for a full banking license in the countries it is operating. Currently, Texcent is in 
the process of applying for Money Licenses in HK, SG and MY. A full banking license will give Texcent the ability 
to lower fees from interchange and transfer fees. Furthermore, Texcent will be in a better position to negotiate 
local card rewards and royalties for local users. In the Philippines, we are in tier 2 talks to acquire two banks and 
merge them, to allow Paycent to be their online presence, which can provide micro financing and basic banking 
to the unbanked. As US is a large potential market for Texcent, it will require a substantial working capital to
acquire remittance and full banking licenses in all 50 states.

• user acquisition and marketing promotions

157,500 ETH

This will be used for marketing to the fiat world the benefits of digital currencies and the ease that Paycentos 
allows a normal fiat user to enter into the digital currency world and its ability to convert back to fiat or pay for 
everyday items in realtime. We will target GCC countries where there is a high proportion of wealth that is still 
in the fiat ecosystem for ease of use of having a “Dual” e-wallet.

• Country operations and salesforce

90,000 ETH
 
As Paycent straddles both the digital currency and fiat world, offices are required and a salesforce for 
partnerships and merchant acquisition. This ensures that Paycent will have a thriving ecosystem of merchants 
and payment gateways for our users to pay with digital currency or fiat. We are targeting 9 countries with each 
country using 10,000 ETHs for operation cost.

• Merchant acquisition and strategic partnerships

90,000 ETH 
 
This will be used for strategic partnerships so that our Paycent users can have almost an immediate merchant 
ecosystem that allows both the use and exchange of digital currencies in the domestic market. Furthermore 
our salesforce will source for local “mom and pop” shops to entice them to use our Paycent mPOS which
accepts Paycentos digital currencies and Paycent fiat currency. This will allow the Paycent user to have a
market ecosystem in their neighborhood. 



11

• technical development and integration costs

67,500 ETH
 
Integration with Blockchain exchanges is highly technical and requires the resources of skilled engineers to build 
and execute. The initial resource-intensive project will be to build an abstraction layer that allows future 
exchanges to “plug and play” with our Paycent dual e-wallet framework. All other integration cost will be for our 
e-wallets to be integrated into “brick and mortar” institutions such as utility companies, cable, schools and local 
area governmental agencies. Retail and ecommerce sites will be integrated via regional/local aggregators.

8. PrOducT InfOrmATIOn

“At Texcent, we aim to be the global leader in complete mobile and cashless transactions”

8.1 WHAT IS PAYcenT

Paycent is a financial platform powered by Texcent, a Singapore-based company dedicated to deliver fully
integrated mobile applications. Paycent aims to be the global leader for complete mobile and cashless 
transactions. Paycent runs on an entirely virtual channel and is comprised of two apps: one for users and one 
for merchants. We offer both users and merchants a secure and convenient digital payment platform so you can 
send and receive funds, shop and pay bills without using cash or credit cards.



12

The digital asset to fiat conversion takes place automatically at the time of transaction. The Paycent App itself 
functions as an exchange where users can conveniently convert all types of blockchain assets into Paycentos 
tokens and vice versa without any service fee incurred. Users can choose among the different digital assets for 
any particular transaction or purchase from the Paycent App.

Product advantages

• Multi-asset (any blockchain asset compatible with and accepted by the Paycentos Wallet)
• Assets stay in digital currency in Paycentos Wallet
• Best available foreign exchange and transaction fees
• Decentralized and trusted storage
• Global access to 36 million points of acceptance online and offline in close to 200 countries
• Rental payment in Paycentos for all Forest.ae rental properties

Users earn a 0.1% reward for every purchase transaction. This incentive will be transferred to the user in form of 
PYN tokens on a monthly basis, which additionally gives them the opportunity to become PYN token holders and 
further benefit from a potential value upside of the tokens (see the section below entitled “Paycent Initial Token 
Sale” for further details). Going forward, Paycent aims to distribute the reward in realtime.

8.2 WHAT IS PAYcenTOS

Paycentos is a digital wallet that enables the user to exchange between fiat currencies and digital currencies 
seamlessly. The Paycent e-wallet is the major gamechanger as it enables users to buy, store, transfer and pay 
using blockchain assets through their smartphone or a physical Paycent Debit card across 200 countries and 36 
million merchants. 

Paycent aims and seeks to offer its users access to a plethora of blockchain assets and fiat currencies with 
realtime accessibility and convenience, while adhering to the highest security standards in the industry.

Since the Paycent App is built on a decentralized platform, users and businesses can seamlessly exchange their
assets from one another. This eradicates the risks and frauds observed with centralized solutions in the market 
currently.



13

8.3 WHAT IS PAYcenT mPOS

Paycent mPOS allows merchants to have the freedom of accepting digital currencies from our users with
Paycent digital wallet or any other private digital asset wallet. This gives merchants the option of keeping it in 
digital asset or converting to fiat in realtime.  The regular card MDR can be saved by the merchant if they transact 
within the digital currency ecosystem, this is an added margin for merchants that want to go cashless but are 
constrained to low margins and high MDRs that card companies / banks are charging.

mPOS – extended version:

In order to scale the acceptance of digital currencies for all merchants in all categories. We are creating a
Paycentos digital asset gateway to function as a plug and play to their existing POS systems adding a benefit for
merchants to collect payments for VISA, MC, AMEX, JCB, Union Pay and digital currencies. Tailored customization 
will be available for Corporates in the Retail, Hotel and Travel industries. The mPOS will be available on Web and 
Android/iOS. Merchants using our gateway/mPOS will be listed on our Category Merchant list on our
Platform. Additionally, merchants can promote their products and services to thousands of digital currency users 
across the globe.
 
Our in-house Exchange is a valuable element for offering competitive exchange rates to USD, EUR, GBP, SGD and 
more to our Paycent merchant platform. We offer the lowest rates available for FIAT currencies to
digital currencies. The input currency list in our system covers: EUR, USD, GBP, SGD, MYR, Won, and many to 
come.
 
Onboarding of Merchants take no longer than 24 hours. Technical bandwidth for merchants to integrate the 
gateway takes 1-2 hours and there’s total technical support provided during the development phase.
 
Benefits to Merchants are that they no longer incur hefty MDRs and have global visibility for their brands and 
promotions.



14

8.4 PAYcenT debIT cArd 
Enabling digital currencies to be spent anywhere and anytime from the Paycent digital wallet.

Paycent Card aims and seeks to offer its users access a plethora of blockchain assets and fiat currencies with
realtime accessibility and convenience, while adhering to the highest security standards in the industry.

Our user is issued a Paycent card (physically and virtually), a Debit Card which is also powered by a Paycent
wallet (linked to the Card) simultaneously that could be loaded/topped-up using Credit, Debit cards and bank
transfers. The wallet can be loaded using blockchain assets like BitCoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Dash (DASH),
ERC20 currently and other valuable digital assets. And in time, the Debit card would function as a Credit card
(post owing a banking license).

Users unbanked or underbanked can use channels like kiosks and cash deposit machines to load their Paycent
Wallet which can further be transferred to Paycent Wallet. Now the fiat is available to convert into a digital
asset. Digital asset is then powered by a Debit card enabling the facility for Online and Offline

Paycent Card synergy and strategic partnerships with globally renowned card issuing and processing
companies enable the facility for its users to transact and pay for any services across 200 countries and
36 million merchants (i.e., points of acceptance). Additionally, one could also withdraw cash from ATM terminals.

A Paycent user can use their BTC, ETH, DASH or ERC20 assets via the Paycent Debit Card (Paycentos Wallet) at
offline and online channels, wherever the card is accepted.



15

Since the Paycent App is built on a decentralized platform, users and businesses can seamlessly exchange their
assets from one another. This eradicates the risks and frauds observed with centralized solutions in the market
currently.

The digital asset to fiat conversion takes place automatically at the time of a transaction. Paycent wallet itself
functions as an exchange where users can conveniently convert all types of blockchain assets into Paycentos
tokens and vice versa without any service fee incurred. Users can choose among the different digital assets for 
any particular transaction or purchase from Paycent Wallet. User gets a virtual Paycent debit card
simultaneously generated and visible on Paycent App while the multi-currency wallet is created. Physical card 
could be ordered from the App itself. User gets a virtual Paycent card simultaneously generated and visible on 
the App while the multi-digital currency wallet is created. Physical card could be ordered as per requirement 
from the App itself.

Mobile wallet holder can send digital currencies between Paycent App users for free and in real time.

The 1st 10,000 Paycent debit cards will be released in Asia Pacific, CIS, EU and the UK starting from the 10th of 
April 2018 – 30th of April 2018. These 1st 10,000 Paycent debit cards are classified into Solitaire, Sapphire, and 
Ruby cards. Paycent Solitaire and Sapphire debit cards will be issued free of charge to our early contributors who 
have contributed more than 500 ETH and 100 ETH, respectively.

PAYcenT debIT cArdS 

1. PAYcenT SOLITAIre cArd
This is a limited edition card for Paycentos (PYN) token
holders who invest 500 ETH or more in the project. It comes 
with daily spending limit of US $100,000 and withdrawal limit 
of US $5,000 aside from the multiple additional rewards for 
the token holders. Card issuance and delivery fee are waived 
for Paycent Solitaire card holders.

2. PAYcenT SAPPHIre cArd
This card is designed for PYN token holders who invest 100 
ETH or more in the project. It comes with daily spending limit 
of US $50,000 and withdrawal limit of US $3,000. Card
issuance and delivery fee are waived for Paycent Sapphire 
card holders.



16

8.5 PAYcenT reALTIme frAmeWOrk

Paycent Realtime Framework Layer will be the foundation of the Exchange that we will build in conjunction with 
Central Bank of UAE. With this exchange under the joint management of the Central Bank of UAE and Texcent, 
Paycentos will be needed to pay for services rendered by the Exchange. 

3. PAYcenT rubY cArd
This card can be generated through the app by the users as 
Paycent Ruby virtual card or they can order it. This will be the 
standard Paycent debit card that comes with a daily spending 
limit of US $5,000 and with a withdrawal limit of US $1,000.



17

9.2 user Flow of digital currencies to Fiat

9.3 Total flow

9.1 user Flow of Fiat to digital currencies

9. uSer fLOW



18

10. buYbAck And rebATeS PrOgrAmme

10.1 with our mPos Mdr 1.1%

(a)  non Paycentos digital curreny 

•  1% is paid to Paycent for operational charge.

• 0.1% is used to buyback Paycentos directly from the market quarterly and then will be immediately burned. 
This will be done for the 1st five years of the merchant using our mPOS, after that the merchant will be 
charged only 1% MDR and the merchant will not be part of our buyback programme.  As we will be

       expanding our merchant ecosystem, we will have an ever-increasing number of merchants
       contributing to our buyback programme.

(b)  Paycentos digital curreny 

•  0.1% is paid to Paycent for operational charge.

• 1% is given back to the user in the form of “token back” and is deposited into the Paycentos e-wallet
       quarterly. This is to encourage our Paycent e-wallet user to switch to Paycentos as a default
       digital currency thereby increasing its demand.

10.2 with our mPos Mdr 1.5%

• 1% is paid to Paycent for operational charge.

• 0.5% is used to buyback Paycentos directly from the market quarterly and then will be immediately burned.
 
• With this buyback and burn with a finite supply of Paycentos, we are hoping to make Paycentos a compelling 

opportunity to hold with a diminishing supply and high potential for the price to rise.

• We have signed an agreement with Forest.ae to be their sole digital currency e-wallet to collect rental fees 
in Paycentos from their rental property across GCC. We have negotiated a special MDR rate for the 1st five 
years.

 



19

11. TOken SALe SummArY

notes:
• Paycent will NOT create any new PYN tokens after the Paycent Initial Token Sale. 
• All unsold PYN tokens will be liquidated/burned.



20

12. AccOmPLISHmenTS



21

13. OffIce LOcATIOnS



22

Check out our Paycent app

Our digital asset e-wallet will be integrated into this base app

PArTnerS

TeAm
Sumedha Goel
President and Founder

Co-founder and CEO for over 9 years at the Asian Investments Group Middle East. She is 
an early Bitcoin enthusiast who believes in the future of digital payments. Sumedha is an 
avid blogger and is currently working on a book based on her journey in life after losing 
her husband to cancer.

Svetlana Umarova
Vice-President and Co-Founder

Founder and President for over 9 years at the Asian Investments Group Middle East which 
she helped establish in becoming a billion-dollar conglomerate. She believes that
blockchain and digital currency is the future and that both will be integrated in our daily 
lives. Svetlana is a savvy investor and a traveler.

Brian Tan
CEO

Experienced in Strategic Partnerships and Company Development with a demonstrated 
history of working in the Payment industry. He is a strong professional manager who 
graduated from University of Southern Queensland. Brian is an early investor in the 
Bitcoin ecosystem since 2013.

https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/paycent/id1230034925
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details%3Fid%3Dcom.texcent.paycent
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.texcent.paycent
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/paycent/id1230034925


23

Nitin Gupta
COO

Payments and Fintech professional with more than nine years of experience. Expert in
fueling revenues, growing market share, and elevating brand performance through
strategic marketing, partnerships, and development of new products.

Arthur Munsayac
CIO

With almost 2 decades of experience in IT roles and over 7 years as CIO of AIG Middle 
East.  He has been involved in several startups in the UAE, Singapore, and the Philippines 
from conceptualization to finalization. He manages a highly skilled software development 
team of 40 professionals.  Arthur is currently polishing AWS infrastructure security policies 
based on Central Bank’s PCI DSS standards.

Helen Laylo
Head of Corporate and Public Relation

With 16 years of vast experience in Human Resources and Public Relation, she is 
responsible in establishing the company’s presence all over Asia and other parts of the 
world. A well-equipped professional who always put passion and hard work in everything 
she does. 

She has a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Education.

Vishal Taneja
Business Development Manager

Vishal is a blockchain and technology enthusiast with over 3.5 years of hands-on
experience in Business and Strategy domains in Payments industry and Consumer
markets. He was previously working with MobiKwik wallet as a
Business Developer - making India a cashless society.

He holds a Bachelor’s degree from Delhi College of Engineering, India.

Hassan Alshiek
Technical Lead

Skilled software developer with 7 years of experience in applications development, he is a 
technical lead with expertise in architecture development and database design. He is
currently managing a team of over 20 professionals. Hassan has strong knowledge in
business logic implementations.



24

AdvISOrS
Peter bergstorm

An early enthusiast and investor in the Bitcoin eco-system since 2011. Joined the
Bitcoin Foundation (US) in 2014 as an evangelist and fundraiser and founded BitBlock 
Ventures, a blockchain, ICO and smart contract enterprise development firm based in 
Singapore. Prior, a career spanning more than 20 years working as a software
publishing executive for amongst others Microsoft (HQ) and Sony Europe and as
founder/CEO of Los Angeles based Giant Media Group.

Aaron Lam

Director, Corporate Finance, Aaron is a Singapore citizen who has more than twenty 
years of corporate finance, tax and audit experience.He began his career with
PricewaterhouseCoopers where he was in the tax and audit departments performing 
tax compliance and tax advice as well as statutory and special audits for clients across 
a variety of various industries, particularly in Oil and Gas, Electronics, Trading, Logistics 
and Investment Management. Between 1996 – 2007, Aaron was with Vickers Ballas 
Corporate Finance, OUB Corporate Finance and PricewaterhouseCoopers Corporate 
Finance where he advised on cross-border corporate finance transactions across Asia.
In 2007, Aaron joined the Corporate Advisory Group of UBS. He covered mainly the 
South East Asian region and was involved in various cross border transactions between 
these countries and within Asia.

 surajh GV

Over 17 years of hands on experience in Maritime and Commodity Trading with
Financial Background.  CFO with Blue Line Shipping Group, Dubai / Advisor Projects & 
Finance with Alphard Maritime Group, Singapore, Dubai & Mumbai / Non-Executive 
Director with Portdesk.com Noida & Dubai  / Advisor with DBC Shipping, Dubai /
Working with Medsugar Diabetic Clinics & Vision Capital NBFC, Chennai for Investment 
and Expansion. 

Formerly – Senior Finance Manager with Emirates Trading Agency LLC, Dubai – Trading 
and Shipping Company in UAE for 9 years.

• Bachelors Degree in Commerce from University of Madras. 
• Qualified Chartered Accountants from India. 
• Certified Information Systems Audit qualified from ISACA (USA).



25

susheel Balakrishnan

Transformation Champion – Insights based Individual & Organization Development
A 25-year seasoned and broad business executive with decade long stints with Procter 
& Gamble and Yum/KFC/Pizza Hut across Middle East, Africa, Greater China and the
Indian subcontinent. Member of multi-ethnic senior business leadership teams for 
over 20 years, having led complex HR, IT and Business Consulting functions. More
recently created a Leadership and Management Development practice, operated 
a Cricket Academy and partnered in a Restaurant consulting business, which have 
brought to fore the entrepreneurial spirit around Human and Organization
Development. Mentors start ups and helps new entrepreneurs to set up Boards,
advisors, and senior team. Deep expertise in Organization Effectiveness, Performance 
Management, Talent Development and Customer Service across Hospitality, Retail and 
Fast Moving Packaged Goods sectors.  

e. Ahmad Altarawneh

An Excellence & quality Professional, Certified Design Thinker, Future Forecaster, 
Trends Analyst, Business Data Scientist, Use Case Expert in IOT & Responsive Smart 
City, Facilitator, SME Builder, Coach, Mentor, Professional Business Developer,
Customer Experience Designer, Strategy, Organizational Excellence, Learning &
Performance Expert, Crisis, Emergency  & Disaster Management Expert, Professional 
Engineer, People With Disabilities & Inclusive Society expert, and Keynote Speaker.

• Graduated from the University Of Alabama at Birmingham, Alabama, USA
• MBA from The University of Wales, U.K.
• Doctorate degree in Responsive Smart City from Walden University, USA.

Achievement, Association & Innovation  

• ASQ, APMP, PMI, RMC, KMI, EFQM, FIDIC, American Value Engineering Society 
(SAVE), The American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE), The Arab Association of 
Engineers, ATD (previously ASTD), IIBA, Axilos, IIP and lately ICAO & IATA.

• 102 Use Cases in IOT, The Connected Concept & Blockchain
• Globalization of 68 Irish Companies into the MENA Region, and helped achieve 

over $180 million in contracts



26

anupam ratha

A domain expert in Security, Anupam has worked extensively in the areas of Digital 
Identity Authentication, and Online Fraud & Risk Management. With over 17 years of 
experience in product engineering, product management, business development, and 
project management, Anupam has built and successfully delivered security solutions 
to Financial institutions and Enterprises globally. As the co-founder and CTO of
EZMCOM, he is responsible for the design and delivery of many of the company’s
security products and technologies to its customers.

Anupam is an inventor with a U.S. Patent 8868909 and holds a degree in Computer 
Engineering from the Army Institute of Technology in India.

Jae Kim

Jae Kim is the founder of Coinmong.com, South Korea’s leading ICO news and reviews 
website. He is an entrepreneur and blockchain technology evangelist to Korea. He 
holds over 20 years of e-commerce experience in building websites in USA, Korea and 
China. He is also a Youtube influencer and an advisor to many successful blockchain 
projects.

rasool Verjee Ba LLB

Opportunistic Serial Entrepreneur with a depth of experience in telecommunications, 
with an interest in emerging technologies and an extensive diverse global network. 

He holds degrees in Law from Cambridge University. His career has been marked by 
early adoption of emerging technologies recently focusing on blockchain’s disruptive 
potential to reshape and transform businesses and the growing public interest in
Bitcoin and digital currencies.

He has delivered high returns on equity from start-up operations as evidenced by 
Telemagix, Canada’s first interactive Information service; Telepersonals that went on 
to become LavaLife Inc: North America’s leading provider of phone and online
Dating Services. World Phone Inc: that partnered with Tier One carriers including 
AT&T, Teleglobe Canada and Codetel; Atlas Telecom Network a leader in Wholesale 
VOIP Termination; MobileMiser Inc: a disruptive service helping consumers reduce 
their international cell phone charges.  

He is an Advisor to several companies planning to launch ICO’S and a partner in a 
Blockchain Consultancy company. 



27

Justin Jovanovic

Justin is the Chief Operating Officer and equity partner of investFeed - the social
epicenter of the digital currency community, which is currently in alpha and set to 
launch early Q1 2018. Justin is a master strategist, playing a a pivotal role executing and 
managing the direction of the investFeed community, focusing on partnerships, data 
analytics, marketing, community management, and growth of organic culture. Justin 
has been a part of several successful ICOs, including investFeed, and has a lengthy 
background in finance and traditional equities. Previously, Justin had created and
managed a disruptive software development and event sales company while
consulting for numerous NYC-based startups. Justin’s passions include marketing,
trading and investing, particularly in emerging technology, and in his spare time, Justin 
enjoys fitness, travel, and modern art.



28

ImPOrTAnT nOTIce ( dIScLAImer)

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED “DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY”, 
“NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES”, “REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU”, “CAUTIONARY 
NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS”, “MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF 
OTHER PERSONS”, “NO ADVICE”, “NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE”, “RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION 
AND DISSEMINATION”, “NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION” AND “RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES”
CAREFULLY.

IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL,
FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).

The PYN tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper
does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of
securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction.

This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to sell, or any solicitation of any 
offer by the distributor/vendor of the PYN tokens (the “Distributor”) to purchase any PYN tokens nor shall it or 
any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any
contract or investment decision.

The Distributor will be an affiliate of Texcent Asia Pte. Ltd. (“Paycent”), and will deploy all proceeds of sale of the 
PYN tokens to fund Paycent’s project, businesses and operations.

No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and
purchase of the PYN tokens and no digital currency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of 
this Whitepaper.

Any agreement as between the Distributor and you as a purchaser, and in relation to any sale and purchase, of 
PYN tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only a separate document setting out the 
terms and conditions (the “TandCs”) of such agreement. In the event of any inconsistencies between the TandCs 
and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such 
action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The
publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws,
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.

There are risks and uncertainties associated with Paycent and/or the Distributor and their respective
businesses and operations, the PYN tokens, the Paycent Initial Token Sale and the Paycent and Paycentos
Wallet. (each as referred to in this Whitepaper).



29

No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this section and 
the following sections entitled “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No Representations and Warranties”, “Representations 
and Warranties By You”, “Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking Statements”, “Market and Industry Information 
and No Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No Advice”, “No Further Information or Update”,
“Restrictions On Distribution and Dissemination”, “No Offer of Securities Or Registration” and “Risks
and Uncertainties”.

dIScLAImer Of LIAbILITY

To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Paycent and/or the Distributor 
shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort,
contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), 
arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.

nO rePreSenTATIOnS And WArrAnTIeS

Paycent and/or the Distributor does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, 
warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation,
warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in 
this Whitepaper.

rePreSenTATIOnS And WArrAnTIeS

By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case 
may be), you represent and warrant to Paycent and/or the Distributor as follows:

(a)  you agree and acknowledge that the PYN tokens do not constitute securities in any form in any jurisdiction;

(b)  you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any 
sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities in any jurisdiction or a solicitation for
investment in securities and you are not bound to enter

into any contract or binding legal commitment and no digital currency or other form of payment is to be
accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper;

(c)  you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the information set 
out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of 
any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that 
the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with;

(d)  you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion of the Paycent 
Initial Token Sale, or future trading of the PYN tokens on any digital currency exchange, shall not be construed, 
interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of the Paycent and/or the Distributor, the PYN
tokens, the Paycent Initial Token Sale and the Paycent and Paycentos Wallet (each as referred to in this
Whitepaper);



30

(e)  the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or
acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in 
your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you have observed and 
complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and without liability to Paycent and/or the Distributor; 

(f)  you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any PYN tokens, the PYN tokens are 
not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as:

 (i)   any kind of currency other than digital currency;

 (ii)   debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (whether Paycent and/or the
         Distributor)

 (i)  rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;

 (ii)   rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or pretended
         purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss;

 (iii)  units in a collective investment scheme;

 (iv)  units in a business trust;

 (v)   derivatives of units in a business trust; or

 (vi)  any other security or class of securities.

(g)  you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to purchase any PYN tokens if you are a
citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America or a citizen or resident 
of the Republic of Singapore;

(h)  you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage,
transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of digital currencies, blockchain-based software 
systems, digital currency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart 
contract technology;

(i)  you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any PYN tokens, there are 
risks associated with Paycent and the Distributor and their respective
business and operations, the PYN tokens, the Paycent Initial Token Sale and the Paycent and Paycentos Wallet 
(each as referred to in the Whitepaper);

(j)  you agree and acknowledge that neither Paycent nor the Distributor is liable for any
indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including 
but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with 
any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you; and



31

(k)  all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the 
time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may 
be).

cAuTIOnArY nOTe On fOrWArd-LOOkIng STATemenTS

All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place
accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by Paycent and/or the Distributor or their
respective directors, executive officers or employees acting on behalf of Paycent or the

Distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking
statements”. Some of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such
as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”,
“plan”, “possible”, “probable”, “project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms.
However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All
statements regarding Paycent’s and/or the Distributor’s financial position, business strategies, plans and
prospects and the prospects of the industry which Paycent and/or the Distributor is in are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements as to Paycent’s and/or 
the Distributor’s revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other 
matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding Paycent and/or the Distributor are matters that are not historic 
facts, but only predictions.

These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Paycent and/or the Distributor 
to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied 
by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, amongst others:

(a)  changes in political, social, economic and stock or digital currency market conditions, and the regulatory   
       environment in the countries in which Paycent and/or the Distributor conducts its respective businesses   
       and operations;

(b)  the risk that Paycent and/or the Distributor may be unable or execute or implement their respective
       business strategies and future plans;

(c)  changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and digital currencies;

(d)  changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of Paycent and/or the Distributor;

(e)  changes in the availability and fees payable to Paycent and/or the Distributor in connection with their
       respective businesses and operations;

(f)  changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by Paycent and/or 
      the Distributor to operate their respective businesses and operations;



32

(g) changes in preferences of customers of Paycent and/or the Distributor;

(h) changes in competitive conditions under which Paycent and/or the Distributor operate, and the ability of   
      Paycent and/or the Distributor to compete under such conditions;

(i) changes in the future capital needs of Paycent and/or the Distributor and the availability of
     financing and capital to fund such needs;

(j) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;

(k) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the businesses and/or   
      operations of Paycent and/or the Distributor;

(l)  other factors beyond the control of Paycent and/or the Distributor; and

(m) any risk and uncertainties associated with Paycent and/or the Distributor and their
       businesses and operations, the PYN tokens, the Paycent Initial Token Sale and the Paycent and Paycentos
       Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper).

All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to Paycent and/or the Distributor or persons acting 
on behalf of Paycent and/or the Distributor are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that 
risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Paycent and/
or the Distributor to be materially different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking 
statements in this Whitepaper, undue reliance must not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking 
statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper.

Neither Paycent, the Distributor nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual 
future results, performance or achievements of Paycent and/or the Distributor will be as discussed in those
forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or achievements of Paycent and/or the
Distributor may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.

Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or
undertaking as to the future performance or policies of Paycent and/or the Distributor. Further, Paycent and/or 
the Distributor disclaim any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking statements or publicly
announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events or
circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

mArkeT And InduSTrY InfOrmATIOn And nO cOnSenT Of OTHer PerSOnS

This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained
from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, as well as market research, publicly available
information and industry publications. Such surveys, reports, studies, market
research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that

they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but there can be no assurance as to the 
accuracy or completeness of such included information.



33

Save for Paycent, the Distributor and their respective directors, executive officers and employees, no person 
has provided his or her consent to the inclusion of his or her name and/or other information attributed or 
perceived to be attributed to such person in connection therewith in this Whitepaper and no representation, 
warranty or undertaking is or purported to be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information 
by such per-son and such persons shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same.

reSTrIcTIOnS On dISTrIbuTIOn And dISSemInATIOn

The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the 
laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you are to 
inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this
Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to Paycent 
and/or the Distributor.

Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who 
otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any

other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any 
purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.

nO Offer Of SecurITIeS Or regISTrATIOn

This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to
constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. No person is 
bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no digital currency or other form of
payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper. Any agreement in relation to any sale and purchase 
of PYN tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only the TandCs of such agreement and 
no other document. In the event of any inconsistencies between the TandCs and this Whitepaper, the former 
shall prevail.

You are not eligible to purchase any PYN tokens in the Paycent Initial Token Sale (as referred to in this
Whitepaper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of 
America or a citizen or resident of the Republic of Singapore.

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No 
such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The 
publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws,
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with



34

rISkS And uncerTAInTIeS

Prospective purchasers of PYN tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) should carefully
consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with Paycent, the Distributor and their respective 
businesses and operations, the PAY tokens, the Paycent Initial Token Sale and the Paycent and Paycentos Wallet 
(each as referred to in the Whitepaper), all information set out in this Whitepaper and the TandCs prior to any 
purchase of PYN tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Paycent and/or the Distributor could be materially and 
adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the PYN tokens.


	Button 2: 
	Button 1: 


