












































Credit Risk Assessment Based on Blockchain Accounting 

THIS WHITE PAPER IS NOT A PROSPECTUS 

The sole purpose of this Whitepaper is to share information about the proposed establishment and 

operation of the PayPie Blockchain Accounting platform to bring ultimate trust and transparency to the 

financial markets and the cryptographic blockchain tokens (“PPP Tokens”) for use within the PayPie 

platform. The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a 

contractual relationship. The Whitepaper does not constitute an offer or invitation to any person to 

subscribe for or purchase shares, rights or any other securities of PayPie or any affiliated entity. 

Any agreement in relation to the purchase and sale of PPP Tokens shall be governed by a separate 

document setting out the terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) of such agreement, which 

shall be made available at http://www.paypie.com prior to the sale of any PPP Tokens. In the event of any 

inconsistencies between the Terms and Conditions and this Whitepaper, the Terms and Conditions shall 

prevail.  

http://www.paypie.com/


Table of Contents 

1 Executive Summary 

1.1 Introduction 

1.2 Today - Isolated, Closed & Disconnected Systems 

2 Target Audience 

3 Journal Entries 

3.1 Authentic Data 

3.2 Foundational Accounting Framework 

3.3 Risk Assessment to the Limits of Surgical Precisions 

4 Problem of Liquidity 

5 PayPie Platform Evolvement 

5.1 Marketplace - Built on Risk Score Algorithm 

5.2 Future of Accounting – Decentralized Accounting System 

5.2.1 No Transaction Fees World  

5.2.2 Partnerships and Ecosystem Integration 

5.2.3 Independent Risk and Valuation Services 

6 Technology 

6.1 Smart Contracts 

6.2 Storage 

6.3 Data and API Services 

7 Privacy - Protecting Supply Chain 

8 PPP – The PayPie Platform Token 

9 Timeline 

9.1 Market 

9.2 Project Transparency 

10 Conclusion 

11 Team 

12 References 



 

1 Executive Summary 

 

1.1 Introduction 

PayPie is creating the first decentralized accounting platform for businesses that will provide real-time 

insight into financial data to achieve 100% accuracy for a credit risk algorithm that can be used globally. 

This analysis will be conducted using a single ledger approach and will consider businesses’ all-time 

historical financial data to safeguard and transform the way credit risk is assessed by lenders, investors, 

banks and other financial institutions while building a blockchain-backed accounting ecosystem.  

PayPie is the first fintech to develop credit risk profile of a business based on an in-built algorithm 

to constantly adjust it on the Ethereum blockchain depending upon the changes in more than 150 data 

points. This paper gives an overview on how PayPie will enable live financial audits, ends duplicate tasks, 

speed up credit approvals and improve the overall credit scoring process by disrupting business 

accounting landscape.  

 

 

1.2 Today - Isolated, Closed & Disconnected Systems 

The double entry accounting system was invented more than 600 years ago with the purpose of 

minimizing errors in the books of a company with the introduction of debit and credit. It allows firms to 

keep records that reflect what the firm owns and owes and what the company has earned and spent over 

any given period. 

However, accounting systems today are closed systems, and unethical practices from companies like 

Enron used accounting limitations to misrepresent earnings and change the balance sheet to show 

favorable performance. Today there is no connection between the books of one company with the other 

company they are buying or selling products or services to/from. It allows company A to cheat on the 

transactions that were happening with company B. This lack of transparency contributed to the largest 

bankruptcy in American history at that time and one of the biggest audit failure of our era.  

The double entry system solved the problem of companies knowing whether they could trust their books. 

However, to win the confidence of outsiders, independent public auditors also verify the company’s 

financial information (balance sheet, income statement, cash flow statement, etc.). The cost of an annual 

audit of a moderately sized company starts with the tens of thousands of dollars and can easily reach into 

six figures. 

Banks now lack real-time financial insights of business, and their decisions are based on historical data 

that may be six months to a year old and those numbers do not reveal enough quality data to obtain an 

accurate appraisal of the company’s financial health. Traditional financial institutions turn down 72% of 

funding requests and other lending players take 2 to 7 business days for due diligence, and if approved, it 

takes 2-5 business days to get money in the bank. This is not an ideal situation, and if small and medium-



 

sized enterprises (SMEs) must accept deferred payments, then these enterprises need new ways to get 

financing.  

Information in an accounting solution used by a business is usually isolated and closed to the public, so it 

is not possible to prove the immutability of records, accuracy of the data without exposing all the business 

secrets. Balance Sheet and P/L tells only half of the old story about business. Blockchain handles 

anonymity and is capable of bringing reliability by bringing transparency by publishing relevant, valuable 

data, and this is going to power the forward-thinking companies in coming years. 

 

 

2 Target Audience 

“PayPie Single Ledger” is going to open an abundance of opportunities for millions of SMEs worldwide. 

PayPie takes a disruptive approach to the outdated methods and completely offers a new, safe and secure 

way to expose financial data to lenders, auditors or regulatory authorities.  

There are many business use cases enabled by the trustless accounting, and being able to build a 

transparent & trustful credit risk score of a business that can be used globally, is one of the most 

important. Because PayPie already had detailed transactional and financial information on businesses in 

some cases better than banks, our proven risk algorithm will score and recommend the best SMEs that 

can be selected for financing.  

With the underlying health of a business visible on the blockchain, powerful innovation from PayPie could 
automate aspects of the regulatory, audit and accounting processes and may have long-term positive 
impact on the SMEs. 
  
Some of the first opportunities found are 
  

1. Opening peer-to-peer lending opportunities to SMEs 
2. Credit opportunities for banks, financial institutions, investors, invoice factoring companies 
3. 3rd-party financial audit & review data, accounting firms, and Governments 
4. Insurers - Sell insurance products to SMEs 

 

 
 

 

3 Journal Entries 

3.1 Authentic Data 

At PayPie, we started looking at how to fix this problem and found that there were more than 60 million 

businesses worldwide that can be helped by introducing the blockchain in an accounting software. These 



 

firms can be further supported by a single ledger based on a decentralized accounting platform that ends 

duplication of efforts. 

PayPie brings transparency to the financials of business by introducing triple entry accounting. Each 

journal entry and transaction will be hashed and time-stamped on secure blockchain giving PayPie better 

visibility than banks into the financial health of a business that can be used to make a faster decision on 

lending. Blockchain in an accounting software brings better visibility into the actual income and expenses 

of the business thus reducing risk to the lenders.  

The underlying input of a company’s financial is the journal entry data that is being entered manually or 

automatically in an accounting or ERP software. The data is used to calculate income, expense, payables, 

receivables, etc. and ultimately all financial reports like retained earnings, balance sheet, total assets or 

liabilities of a business. With PayPie, every journal entry data is allocated to the blockchain through 

automatic API connections to an accounting or ERP software.  PayPie will use technology to assign a 

unique fingerprint to every transaction performed in an accounting software and publish them on the 

blockchain. Typical operations in a business are sales invoices, vendor bills, expenses, debit notes, credit 

notes, payroll and other income and expenditure.  

 

 

 

3.2 Foundational Accounting Framework 
  
The PayPie platform introduces the blockchain into the existing workflows of an accounting software; the 
ones that are already trusted by SMEs.  
 
Accounting software SlickPie will provide the initial accounting logic framework and source code for the 
foundation of the PayPie platform to store journal entry and other accounting data. This saves us time in 
coding and writing those involved accounting logics, and we already have a great platform to start with. 
Adding blockchain record in the world of debit and credit effectively creates a triple entry accounting 
system.  
 
PayPie brings transparency to a modern business by building a platform that we will hash all the journal 
entries and other relevant information from an accounting software on blockchain so that we can use the 
transparency & track record to build a live credit scoring algorithm. We believe an accounting software 
has better visibility than banks into the actual finances of a business such as income, expenses, customers, 
vendors, payable, receivables, payroll, sales tax, VAT, etc. and we can use this information to build a 
trusted platform. The days when financial reports for companies were outdated (by 6-12 months) are 
over, and now creditors have live quality data to obtain an accurate appraisal of the company’s financial 
health for a better term sheet for financing (interest rate, maturity, annuity, collateral required, etc.). 
With all the new data factored in the risk premium, SMEs may qualify for a better term sheet for the 
credit. 
 
Finding lending opportunities is the biggest problem being faced by our competitors and that puts PayPie 
in a unique position. More than 16,000 SMEs already using the SlickPie accounting software and they are 



 

an asset to the PayPie platform and offer us an advantage as new platforms often face the "chicken or 
egg problem." We don't have this issue as we already have access to businesses to kick start our journey 
who would be happy to use the PayPie platform.  
 
New core functionality will be added to fetch journal entry and other accounting data from different ERP 
softwares in real time. API integration with likes of Xero, QBO, Sage, SAP, NetSuite, etc. will make real-
time financial and credit risk assessment based on triple-entry blockchain immediately available 
worldwide. Building strong partnerships with major accounting and ERP systems is a major aim of our 
overall marketing strategy. For example, QuickBooks Online has a strong connection with TSheets & 
Bill.com, and this makes their services available right inside the QBO to more than 2.3 million users with 
the click of a button. We can visualize that day when companies can access short-term lending or finance 
their invoices exactly this way by leveraging blockchain technology. 
  
PayPie will also be able to make prompt recommendations based on our ability to predict patterns from 
a company’s account history. We will also be able to anonymize financial data from many kinds of 
businesses and use that data to give small business owners or investors an idea of lending opportunities 
and compare it to anonymized data from other firms in their industry. 
  
Potential implications are enormous as transparency brings a whole new value to businesses, regulators, 

and investors. For example, if an auditing firm is looking at various companies and checking all the 

transactions on the blockchain to see what has happened or gone on between them, we could take that 

data and use data visualization tools to have a view of that segment of the business. Individual companies 

have a lot of liabilities to each other, and all this would be visible on the blockchain that they cannot alter. 

The cost and time necessary to conduct an audit on a company would also decline considerably because 

auditors could easily verify the most critical data behind the financial statements. 

Access to the PayPie platform will be free for SMEs interested in offering credit score analytics on the 
actual financials of their business for better access to the lending market. An excellent credit score at the 
PayPie platform will qualify for best deals from the invoice marketplace.  
 
PayPie will follow IFRS accounting standards so that we are independent of country-specific approaches 
that are usually followed by an ERP software. 
 

 

3.3 Risk Assessment to the Limits of Surgical Precisions 

PayPie risk algorithm will score each company based on its financial and transactional history in the 

platform. PayPie will have access to the complete history of SMEs in their accounting solution like who 

are their vendors, how reliable SMEs are at making payments to their vendors, what’s the projected cash 

flow for the coming weeks, months and year based on the historical data, balance sheet, income 

statement and other data points. This makes PayPie the first to have a real business accounting platform 

to take advantage of blockchain technology and smart contracts to revolutionize the financial sector for 

companies. We believe that innovation will help millions of businesses in coming years as we fully utilize 

the blockchain to help solve real-world problems, like smart contracts to detect false, inflated or duplicate 



 

invoices or fake reporting. We are thus creating an efficient solution with tremendous global potential by 

bringing crypto to the world of decentralized accounting, in the form of the PayPie platform. 

 

 

 

Big data based on real-time unique credit risk algorithm scoring would be primarily based on the live 
financials of a business in PayPie and will be based on more than 150 data points including below 
 

- Current Assets 

- Current Liabilities 

- Working Capital 

- Retained Earnings 

- Earnings Before Interest and Taxes 

- Total Liabilities 

- Total Assets 

- Gross Sales 



 

- Book Value of Equity 

- Payment History 

- Budget 

- Cash flow forecasting 

- Decentralized Trust and Transparency Rating (DTTR) 

- Social fingerprints 

Credit ratings would include numbers, ratios, and colors to help lenders quickly evaluate the risk. Other 

scoring and bankruptcy formulas, such as Altman Z-score used in the financial lending world or solutions 

like Experian, Dun & Bradstreet, and publicly available XBRL data may also play a role in future as we 

develop an ecosystem for real-time credit scoring.  

 

4 Problem of Liquidity 

Lack of positive cash flow kills 25% of SMEs out there, and it is more important than ever to keep a business 

cash flow positive. Unfortunately, it is one of the biggest challenges faced by small business today, and 

SMEs struggle to create new opportunities, implement existing plans, pay salaries, manage working capital 

to buy new equipment, and negotiate the best terms with their suppliers. Most business payments get 

paid only after 90-120 days and cost them billions in lost opportunities. 

Invoice factoring or invoice discounting also known as invoice financing could help. Cash is given to the 

SME against outstanding sales invoices instantly by an investor at a cost that creates a solution where 

everyone benefits. Millions of businesses worldwide use invoice financing to support their operations of 

activities at various stages of their business life cycle. The total market size for invoice finance has been 

growing rapidly over 11% per annum and estimated to be over US $3 trillion worldwide where factoring 

providers collect the final payment in 90-120 days, profiting from the factoring fee/interest rate. In recent 

years, the USA's alternative financial model has exploded. Many traditional commercial platforms have 

found that the problem  of delay in the invoice payment and the bank’s reluctance to lend to businesses, 

is growing. SMEs already face enormous obstacles, and delayed payment has become one of the biggest 

problems for the companies worldwide. 

Legacy solutions allow sellers to upload or send invoices manually. Those invoices may be fake, false, 
inflated and many times the same invoice is sent to 2 different invoice factoring companies which increase 
the risk for lenders. There is no solution out there that can start tracking a bill from its point of origin and 
end all the manual work of uploading or sending except PayPie. Many times, businesses must submit more 
financial documentation that comes from the isolated environments of bookkeeping software.  
  
Invoice verification is one of the most labor-intensive and costly processes today but is a crucial tool in 
preventing fraud in factoring invoices. Verification of sent invoices includes multiple steps such as 
confirmation that invoiced products and services were delivered as claimed, an inspection and 
confirmation that the quantity and quality of the invoiced goods were provided as requested, an onsite 
inspection of the work and products to confirm that they met the specifications as invoiced. 
 



 

The market today demands an urgent need for a trusted platform that lets businesses build a transparent 
financial track record that helps them with better access to the funding. Integration of the blockchain 
technology with an accounting software is the way to improve transparency, automate lending, and 
accelerate processes. The clarity of events in an accounting solution along the supply chain via the 
blockchain is an enabler of faster payment, increased efficiency, reduced risk of fraud, and lower costs. 
Exchanging information related to these events in a distributed ledger helps trigger events that need to 
take place. 

 
And this is precisely the gap that the PayPie is looking to fill. All above can easily be handled by smart 
contracts in a triple entry accounting solution. Put simply; it’s a game changer for the industry. Our end-
to-end platform will give SMEs super easy access to short-term financing by turning their accounts 
receivables into tradable assets. PayPie platform integration with major accounting and ERP systems 
enable automation because all transactions will flow through blockchain and validity of all transactions 
including sent invoices can be verified with a click along with associated journal entry data and relevant 
documents to assess the risk. Things that demand time and resources today will be completely automated. 
 

 

5 PayPie Platform Evolvement 

We already have a significant pool of businesses using SlickPie as their accounting platform, and now 

blockchain and smart contracts can solve their liquidity problem. We also have specific real-time financial 

information on their activities; we have all the data and history on their business. We know their 

customers, vendors, income, expenses, and money in the bank as live bank feeds pull data on a daily basis. 

We are not “chasing potential invoice sellers” around, but will give them a new possibility that works with 

their choice of accounting system already being used by them. 

Transaction verification is an important part of the lending process and demands time and resources for 

the lending firm. Verification of correctness of all the transactions will be available on the blockchain. To 

access lending on the PayPie platform, a Know-Your-Customer (KYC) process will be in place for SMEs. 

Let’s say you own a business that sells rubber to Nike for their shoes. You are good at your job, but it takes 

Nike 90-120 days to pay you for your work. Marketplace lender will buy that invoice from you at a discount 

& then wait for Nike to pay the original sum to the lender. This allows you to make payroll, purchase new 

materials, hire new people & grow faster.  

We have the edge over traditional factoring companies because either they don’t have a pool of invoice 

sellers to start with or they don't have access to the live financial data whose immutability is guaranteed 

by the blockchain. PayPie will reduce the mortality rate of qualified SMEs by helping them improve their 

access to the capital as soon as they click on “Get Paid Now” button inside the app. 

 

5.1 Marketplace - Built on Credit Risk Algorithm 

PayPie credit risk algorithm will enable top scoring SMEs to gain immediate access to liquidity by selling 

their invoices to the token holders. Because PayPie already had detailed transactional and financial 



 

information on their business, which in some cases better than their banks, our proven risk algorithm will 

score and recommend the best companies that can be marketed and selected for financing. Those 

companies with a good history and lowest risk score will earn benefits, and incentives will be available. 

Token holders will buy invoices at a discounted rate & provide SMEs with the money within 24 hours while 

waiting for the first customer to pay the lender original amount as per the term sheet. The PayPie platform 

will help SMEs to get immediate funding on monies owed to them by their customers from token holders, 

rather than waiting for customers to pay invoices after a long-deferred period that usually causes a strain 

on their cash flow.  

A token holder can be an individual contributor, lender, investor, bank, or other financial institution. Any 

invoices originating from the PayPie platform are tradable assets and the marketplace enables access to 

invoice financing along with complete visibility into the history of a business and risks involved. We will 

provide historical transactional and financial data & credit rating system built from the blockchain to 

enable lending from token holders. Our credit scoring data will be indicating and assessing the risk of 

invoice default so that buyers can make educated decisions. Blockchain makes it much easier for smaller 

investors to get involved in an industry that has until now been reserved only for big lenders who had the 

resources to do background checks and research. 

Our algorithm seeks to match the risk appetites of token holders with the risk profile of companies that 

need short-term financing. If you are doing well & suddenly find yourself with some extra money, you can 

now pay a fee in PPP Tokens & buy an invoice at a discounted rate from an SME whose credit rating would 

be given by the platform & wait for their customer to pay you. You will have best possible financial data 

on the companies whose invoices you are buying and their customer companies who owe you money.  

It means that you will be able to purchase data on how risky your investment in an individual SME’s invoice 

is & pay us a fee for giving you access to that data in PPP Tokens. This allows someone in China to buy a 

bill at a discount from the SME & then pick up the original amount from its initial customer in the USA by 

trusting our real-time credit scoring. All internal payments will be managed using ERC20 compatible stable 

“Pie Coins” that are exchangeable for fiat and pegged 1:1 against major currencies to avoid exposure to 

fluctuations in the prices of cryptocurrencies. 

To prevent defaults, all parties involved will be able to rate each other at the end of the transaction and 

this history will be recorded on the immutable Ethereum blockchain to build a Decentralized Trust and 

Transparency Rating (DTTR) so that others can make well-informed lending decisions. Smart contracts will 

automatically amend each party’s trust rating according to an algorithm after completion of the lending 

process. 

The PayPie platform connects forward-thinking SMEs worldwide to the trusted and easy lending by 

implementing crypto in a triple entry accounting system. PayPie is taking care of the most common issue 

lenders are facing today: duplicate lending, lack of transparency and false reporting of financials of the 

business. Clear visibility into the business finances will open new doors and opportunities for the masses. 

 

 



 

 

 

 

 
 
5.2 Future of Accounting – PayPie Single Ledger 
 
This is the most ambitious part of the project, and we are taking a bottom-up approach to this one. We 

will use the already built above ecosystem to transform isolated & centralized accounting systems 



 

employed by SMEs worldwide and introduce a new decentralized accounting platform. Instead of keeping 

separate records in different accounting software, companies can write their transactions directly into a 

joint register, creating an interlocking system of ensuring accounting records.  

 

 

 

Business will prepare, sign and send hashed UBL documents and associated smart contracts so that 

process from issuing a purchase order, invoicing, delivery of goods and services to the payment can be 

seamlessly tracked on a trustless accounting platform. The USA economy alone processes about 25 billion 

invoices in a year and this will allow us to remove the "disconnect" that happens when different parties 

use different accounting software and will immensely improve the accuracy of our risk analysis score. This 

will result in better rates from the marketplace for the invoice sellers as businesses will be able to tap the 

resources already built for them.  

Our single ledger approach will significantly disrupt established legacy accounting workflows and 

regulators in all markets. There will be many uses of trustless accounting on the blockchain. Some other 

benefits achieved due to the meaningful application of the technology: 

 No re-keying of data by different parties 

 Less time spent in billing collaboration, e.g., following-up unpaid invoices, eliminating duplicate 



 

invoices, ends duplication of efforts 

 Automatic distributed reconciliation of financial records 

 Automatic & seamless regulatory and compliance documentation 

 Traceable audit trails / automated audit process 

 Tracking ownership of assets 

 Significant savings on credit insurance, audit & review 

 

5.2.1 No Transaction Fees World 

We believe that transaction fees are a business model of the past. Providers like PayPal and Stripe charge 

transaction fees that are usually 2.9% + 0.30 for credit card transactions. Once the decentralized single 

ledger is set up, PayPie trustless ecosystem can be used to move money among parties without involving 

providers like Stripe, PayPal or any other 3rd party using internal stable “Pie Coin” pegged 1:1 against major 

currencies and balances tracked on the single ledger. 

5.2.2 Partnerships and Ecosystem Integration 

Single ledger will allow the creation of new business models based on the real-time financial of a business. 

Our algorithm-as-a-Service would allow anyone to build new services on top of our services quickly.  

Ecosystem integration is an important part of our long-term plan for PayPie. This long-term plan involves 

integrating with the third-party popular apps extending functionality (for payroll, CRM, time tracking, the 

point of sale, e-commerce, etc.) and exploring synergies that return success for both sides by allowing 

them to build blockchain based solutions on top of our platform. 

5.2.3 Independent Risk and Valuation Services 

We are building better foundations for financial infrastructures by allowing real-time comprehensive 

audits, with real-time risk metrics and sensitivity analyses. We enable movement of compliance into smart 

contracts rather than a headcount of compliance officers in businesses so cost reduction will be potentially 

enormous. Blockchain technology is set to revolutionize not only the internal accounting of businesses 

but also the services that are dependent on the financial health of a business.  

PayPie would help companies not only with greater transparency, but will also lower the cost of audits 

due to streamlining of accounting and finance operations. Company investors do not have to wait for 

financial information given on a quarterly basis, and they will be able to respond to opportunities in real-

time. 

The role of accounting firms will change, and companies like PricewaterhouseCoopers, Deloitte or smaller 

companies like Chun & Company will be focused more on offering advisory services than compliance 

ensuring everything is in order. There is no counterparty risk. If the ledger says it is true, then it is true. 

Auditors and financiers such as factoring firms could have automated forms of analysis at their disposal 

to appraise the underlying health of a balance sheet, a powerful innovation that could automate aspects 

of the regulatory, audit and accounting processes. Moreover, such a tool would bring integrity to the 

system. All fraud would be much harder to carry out. A public ledger that is continually audited and 

verified means that company books can be fully trusted; there is integrity in the statements or the 

transaction logs because the network itself verifies this.  



 

Generating any up-to-the-minute financial statement would be straightforward, with the click of a button 

providing an immutable, complete and searchable financial statement, free of error. 

We foresee factoring firms, banks, investment funds, insurance companies, P2P lenders and private 

investors being a customer of PayPie platform to get access to real-time data that is 100% correct and 

reflects a genuine picture of a business to offer liquidity to the market by their specific criteria and 

expected returns. 

 

6 Technology  

6.1 Smart Contracts 
At the core of the PayPie platform’s underlying architecture are Ethereum smart contracts. Our design 

follows a modular structure, making contracts highly reusable and easy to upgrade. A smart contract is a 

computer process that is stored on the blockchain and automatically carries out predetermined functions 

once a triggering event has occurred. Legal terms and conditions are embedded in the computer code of 

a smart contract, which enables the automatic execution of duties defined by the contract itself while 

avoiding the services of a middleman.  

All smart contract modules will be written in Solidity. 



 

 

Example functions: 

An accounting transaction is based on the journal entry data that is tokenized, so each transaction has a 

unique identity visible on the blockchain with the rest of the information published at IPFS. A smart 

contract will not allow for more financing to be received against an invoice that has already been financed, 

thus lowering the risk to lenders allowing them to offer better terms for the credit (maturity, interest rate, 

annuity, collateral needed, etc.).  

In a traditional platform, invoice sellers enter their invoices manually and make them available for 

factoring. Invoice duplication has been a significant obstacle in preventing invoice factoring solutions from 

being more easily accessible to SMEs at affordable terms. But the incorporation of blockchain technology 

at the source of those transactions ends this issue. In simple terms, there is no other better way to ensure 

that an invoice is authentic based on the complete transparency built in an accounting solution. 

A smart contract is entered between a lender and an invoice seller showing the borrowing conditions to 

which both parties have agreed on. Once tokenized, the contract cannot be altered. The smart contract 

will automatically disburse a payment event that needs action to be taken by the bank. The amount is 

automatically remitted to the parties once confirmation has been entered into the system.  



 

A smart contract is what enables the existence of the PayPie platform as a truly transparent and 

decentralized accounting platform. The whole business process will be embodied in a smart contract, 

including issuance, change of ownership and payments on an invoice. Through smart contracts, the 

complicated process of collecting the actual real-time financial data, income of a business, expenses, 

short-term debts and long-term obligations, etc. can be documented in the contract itself, and business 

decision of lending is based on the data we have in distributed Ethereum network and take advantage of 

the blockchain qualities. 

For example, if a smart contract can be written between an investor and an invoice seller to say that once 

the seller is victorious in reaching a particular credit score in the PayPie platform, 80% of the funds will be 

released to the invoice seller. A smart contract would automatically disburse payment once the 

confirmation is entered into a distributed ledger by the PayPie platform. Smart contracts also offer 

protection against duplicate invoice financing, as the contract will not allow for an invoice that has already 

been financed, to receive more funding. 

A smart contract will include multiple actors such as lenders, borrowers, banks, buyers, sellers and can 

trigger payment events based on when a product or service is delivered and ensure they are carried out 

automatically. An essential part of the smart contract ecosystem, ‘oracles’ will allow smart contracts a 

way to communicate to access information like invoice status change about the beneficiaries. 

 

6.2 Storage 

Another core part of the PayPie platform is storage. Since the blockchain has high storage costs, PayPie 

adopts IPFS to host business and accounting related media, such as PDFs, word documents, images, videos 

and larger metadata on KYC, directors, shareholders, auditors, etc. IPFS is an open source project 

developed since 2014 by Protocol Labs with the help from open source community. Nodes in the IPFS 

network form a distributed file system, and it is built especially for storing and sharing files.  

Both Ethereum and IPFS lack search capabilities, so PayPie will introduce scalable on-chain search 

functionality to query data associated with a particular invoice to make it easier for the lenders. Examples 

of such queries would be like retrieving the latest status of a particular bill, change in ownership, amount, 

due date, etc. 

We will be generating a hash string of the files and store digital fingerprint into the Blockchain instead of 

storing the whole documents. The integrity of all those documents can be verified again by generating the 

fingerprint and comparing it with the fingerprint stored in the blockchain. If they match, the document 

will stay unaltered since first writing the hash to the Blockchain. 



 

 

Image Source: 

https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/de/Documents/Innovation/Blockchain_A%20game-

changer%20in%20accounting.pdf 

 

6.3 Data and API Services 

One concern, blockchains are still not capable of supporting the load that the entire accounting industry 

would need. The Bitcoin blockchain can handle a maximum of seven transactions per second, Ethereum 

— 10–20. The good news is that many people are working on scaling public blockchains and these 

improvements are well underway. 

PayPie will generate large amounts of data related to the credit risk which will be of tremendous value to 

our customers. The data will give market insights that do not exist today. External companies can utilize 

risk data as part of their solutions. Parts of our software will be open source, available to the other solution 

vendors to use. By doing this, we aim to create a robust ecosystem and with an active community of 

adopters. 

 

 

 

 

https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/de/Documents/Innovation/Blockchain_A%20game-changer%20in%20accounting.pdf
https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/de/Documents/Innovation/Blockchain_A%20game-changer%20in%20accounting.pdf


 

7 Privacy - Protecting Supply Chain 

Privacy is a big concern for businesses and important privacy protection features will be there on the 

platform to publish only relevant data. Only core information related to the invoices/ business will be 

transparent, and competitors will be able to see, but not name or detect supply chain, customers, vendors 

and other relevant information of SMEs. We will explore the possibilities of keeping some of the 

information on a private chain like HydraChain or some other Ethereum compatible solution.  

All transactions will be encrypted, so only the parties that are immediately involved in a transaction will 

be able to see its details. Access to detailed financial data on business can only be granted by the company 

itself to lenders, auditors, regulators, managers, and other key stakeholders. We will allow each company 

to decide on how much information it is willing to expose to the counterparty if it’s looking for credit or 

an audit.  

PayPie single ledger would continually be audited and verified by blockchain, so it will be free of fraud, 

always up to date and will generate an up-to-the-minute financial statement with the click of a button, 

which was not possible so far. Encryption ensures data privacy, giving parties access only to the 

information they have been given rights to. 

 

8 PPP – The PayPie Platform Token 

PPP Tokens will be based on Ethereum ERC20 standard, a blockchain-based distributed computing 

platform. Ethereum allows smart contracts - distributed computer programs that can help online 

contractual agreements in a cryptographically secure manner. Ethereum is open-source and adopted by 

institutions worldwide JP Morgan, Deloitte, IBM, Microsoft, and Toyota. 

PPP Token is the utility token which provides access to the PayPie platform for certain transactions and 

services. Each PPP Token grants the holder the right to access certain services including the purchase of 

invoices and access to credit histories of SMEs.  

Lenders will require PPP Tokens to access the PayPie platform, and tokens can be used to buy discounted 

invoices, credit scoring data and real-time financial data of an SME. For example, if you are buying a bill 

from business X at a discounted price so that their customer, business Y, can pay you the full invoice 

amount at payment deadline - let’s say 120 days from now - will cost you XXX amount of PPP Tokens. 

Additional services available on the PayPie platform include changing the beneficiary of an invoice and 

financial auditing of SMEs. Financial information verified by blockchain has tremendous value because it 

will provide token holders with the ability to view real-time financials of a company.  

PPP Tokens carry no rights other than the right to exchange tokens and access services on the PayPie 

platform. PPP Tokens do not stand for or confer any ownership right or stake, share or security or 

equivalent rights, or any other form of participation relating to the PayPie or PayPie Platform. As activities 

are carried out on the platform, PPP Tokens are transferred directly from one participant to another.  



Token Supply: 165,000,000 PPP tokens are available for distribution. Only 82,500,000 PPP are 

available for sale to contributors.  

A total of 27,500,000 PPP are for the team, advisors, bounties etc. Core team and advisors’ 

tokens will be vested for 12 months with 3 months’ cliff. We wish to benefit only if the 

project is operationally successful. Bounty tokens won’t be vested.

The rest 55,000,000 PPP tokens will be kept as a reserve and locked for one year solely to 

develop partnerships and future acquisitions to become a dominant market leader. 

Price per token: 1 PPP = 0.0011 ETH 



 

Planned use of funds 

 

 

 

 



 

9 Timeline 

Status: More than 50% work on the platform is completed including core accounting framework and 
POC for the Single Ledger. 

 

 

 

 



 

 

9.1 Market 

We have a long history of experience working primarily with SMEs & accountants based in the USA and 

Canada, and we have already identified the innovative opportunities in these massive markets that will 

be leveraged for growth and to capture sizeable market share. We believe there is also a great opportunity 

for us in Europe, China, and India. China is already taking the lead in solving credit & lending problems for 

SMEs. Experience shows there will be rapid innovation in the Chinese market before other markets catch 

up. In India, huge projects to digitize financial transactions have been rolled out in last one year in the 

form of demonetization and GST and millions of new businesses will be in market first time who can be 

helped by PayPie platform. Entering the bills and invoice marketplace in China & India is one of our 

important goals, and we will work towards engaging those markets. Part of the contribution will be used 

to make PayPie multi-language to make it more convenient for non-English speaking countries. 

 

9.2 Project Transparency 

Transparency is our goal. On successful completion of the crowdsale, we will be providing periodic 

updates on the progress of the PayPie platform to token holders using a disclosure service such as 

http://www.tokenfilings.com. Once the platform is launched and there are transactions & services 

available in the network, there will be a real-time stats API and website so that information is provided 

on network activity and growth in real-time to partners and token holders. 

 

10 Conclusion 

We believe the "first mover" advantage is on our side. We have a solid team with business, financial & 

tech backgrounds. With the emergence of Ethereum, the timing is perfect for blockchain and accounting 

data integration to play a significant role in lending, review and audit operations using a decentralized 

accounting platform. Traditional players like banks will soon follow suit and will use accounting data for 

making credit decisions. Things like relying on credit reference agencies, annual accounting audits & 

reviews will become a thing of the past. With countries like Japan accepting a cryptocurrency, blockchain 

is likely to go mainstream to help SMEs.  

Our proposal is to build a blockchain accounting platform for the 21st century. When connecting the 

accounting sector and cryptographic infrastructure, a lot of room will open for business process 

optimization, as well as more transparent and efficient functioning of the industries based on the financial 

data. With blockchain technology evolving at this rapid pace, we see its implementation in the accounting 

industry as unavoidable.  

Being the first in the market, plugging the crypto-world into business accounting is a great global 

opportunity that no one should miss. We are in a prime and a unique position to become a leader in the 

market. 

 

http://www.tokenfilings.com/


 

11 Team 

PayPie employs an international team with vision, ability, innovative thinking, openness, management 

skills, marketing knowledge, and developers coming from various backgrounds as IT, accounting, finance, 

blockchain, and more. A complete profile of the team is available at https://www.paypie.com. 

12 References 

1. https://www.accountingweb.com/technology/trends/3-major-shifts-on-the-horizon-for-
accountants 

2. https://www.accountingtoday.com/opinion/blockchain-accounting-and-audit-what-
accountants-need-to-know 

3. https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/triple-entry-bookkeeping-bitcoin-1392069656/ 
4. https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/de/Documents/Innovation/Blockcha

in_A%20game-changer%20in%20accounting.pdf 
5. https://www.newyorkfed.org/smallbusiness/joint-small-business-credit-survey-

2014.html 
6. https://www.accountingtoday.com/opinion/3-top-tech-trends-for-public-accountants-

to-watch-in-2017 
7. http://www.journalofaccountancy.com/news/2017/jun/blockchain-decentralized-

ledger-system-201716738.html 
8. http://www.cpapracticeadvisor.com/news/12227941/blockchain-technology-what-it-is-

and-how-it-can-help-accountants 
9. https://www.accountingtoday.com/list/7-ways-artificial-intelligence-and-machine-

learning-will-impact-the-finance-office 
10. https://www.accountingtoday.com/news/scoping-out-the-audit-of-the-future 
11. http://www.journalofaccountancy.com/issues/2017/apr/rethinking-the-audit.html 
12. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Altman_Z-score 
13. https://strategiccfo.com/z-score-model/  
14. https://www.gov.uk/business-support-helpline/invoice-financing 
15. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/InterPlanetary_File_System 

 
 

All product names and brands are the property of their respective owners. All company, product 

and service names used on this website are for identification purposes only. Use of these names 

and brands does not imply endorsement. 

https://www.paypie.com/
https://www.accountingweb.com/technology/trends/3-major-shifts-on-the-horizon-for-accountants
https://www.accountingweb.com/technology/trends/3-major-shifts-on-the-horizon-for-accountants
https://www.accountingtoday.com/opinion/blockchain-accounting-and-audit-what-accountants-need-to-know
https://www.accountingtoday.com/opinion/blockchain-accounting-and-audit-what-accountants-need-to-know
https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/triple-entry-bookkeeping-bitcoin-1392069656/
https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/de/Documents/Innovation/Blockchain_A%20game-changer%20in%20accounting.pdf
https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/de/Documents/Innovation/Blockchain_A%20game-changer%20in%20accounting.pdf
https://www.newyorkfed.org/smallbusiness/joint-small-business-credit-survey-2014.html
https://www.newyorkfed.org/smallbusiness/joint-small-business-credit-survey-2014.html
https://www.accountingtoday.com/opinion/3-top-tech-trends-for-public-accountants-to-watch-in-2017
https://www.accountingtoday.com/opinion/3-top-tech-trends-for-public-accountants-to-watch-in-2017
http://www.journalofaccountancy.com/news/2017/jun/blockchain-decentralized-ledger-system-201716738.html
http://www.journalofaccountancy.com/news/2017/jun/blockchain-decentralized-ledger-system-201716738.html
http://www.cpapracticeadvisor.com/news/12227941/blockchain-technology-what-it-is-and-how-it-can-help-accountants
http://www.cpapracticeadvisor.com/news/12227941/blockchain-technology-what-it-is-and-how-it-can-help-accountants
https://www.accountingtoday.com/list/7-ways-artificial-intelligence-and-machine-learning-will-impact-the-finance-office
https://www.accountingtoday.com/list/7-ways-artificial-intelligence-and-machine-learning-will-impact-the-finance-office
https://www.accountingtoday.com/news/scoping-out-the-audit-of-the-future
http://www.journalofaccountancy.com/issues/2017/apr/rethinking-the-audit.html
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Altman_Z-score
https://strategiccfo.com/z-score-model/
https://www.gov.uk/business-support-helpline/invoice-financing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/InterPlanetary_File_System

