











































Arts & Media Market

pindify.com |  info@pindify.com

 White Paper



Abstract

“I would rather die of passion than of boredom.”
—Vincent Van Gogh

Passion surely makes us feel alive and adds some purpose to our short lives we 

live. Committing to a purpose or a passion set by others, usually leads to regret and 

despair. Personally evolved passion via hobbies and pastimes is the purpose worth 

chasing. Collective energy of music, arts and media is our passion, and our purpose 

is to help you to make a living out of yours.

A marketplace for our passion

We wanted a place where we could share our arts & media with our peers and our 

fans. We even dreamed of a place where we could actually earn a decent living from 

our following fans, a regular income from our ’content’. A place where we could pro-

mote, sell and market our own arts & media ourselves and be rewarded, or, maybe 

even let others market it for us. Through intelligent, mutually beneficial partnerships 

and through our support networks, both businesses, fans and peers, we wanted a 

place to unite, amplify our arts & media and make a living of our passion!

No such place existed. 

The day we realized that such a place didn’t exist, was the day Pindify was born. 

We built what we, as artists, wanted. A place to share, and earn from, our art.

The marketplace for all providers and supporters of music, arts & media.

A marketplace for creatives and the networks that support them. That includes their 

influencers (such as bloggers, journalists, media outlets (large and small), and their 

labels, publishers, managers, etc (called providers). And of course, their fans, friends 

and the ’consumers’ of their art; the ’subscribers’ customers (called supporters). 

At Pindify, we realised we needed to connect providers with their networks through 

an online social network to organize their content, and also, earn from it. This social 

network platform had to be trustworthy and have our members’ best interests in 

mind. Again, before Pindify, such a place did not exist. It exists now.

Pindify is a trustworthy platform built exclusively for providers of music, arts & 

media to connect with their supporters and earn directly from their content.



Abstract

“No one should ever care about Pindify!  

Only providers’ portfolios with it’s content 

or context, and their relationship with their 

fans are what truly matters ”

— Founder of Pindify

We had to build something large and automatic that could 

benefit us all. We wanted to form a platform that could 

digitally manage our creative community, while at the same 

time, administrate and invite like-minded people to unite 

together through arts, culture, media and spirit. Next came 

the reflective questions, that would soon become the foun-

dations of Pindify:

• Why would people come to our new marketplace? 

• What type of unique interaction could we offer?

• Best options for transactions and earning revenue?

• How could we empower providers to earn money?  

• How could we empower those that support & love 

them and their work?

• Should we start with branding, trading, fundraising or 

subscriptions? 

• Could we offer secure ways to publish with verified and 

dynamic ownership?

• How do we eliminate advertising and dreaded popups?

• How can we ensure quality & equality on our market?

To begin the journey, we built an elegant foundation for 

anyone to enter, interact and transact as they would in any 

commercial center. Portfolios are considered stores and 

the content is the commodity that can be bought via sub-

scription or tokens as cash. The marketplace has a global, 

national and local feed that is regulated by a democratic 

ranking system to enforce quality. 

• It’s free to join Pindify and post social or promoted 

content, but as a paying Provider, you can earn on the 

Subscriptions of your fans and content. 

• It’s free to support and view free or promoted content, 

but Subscribers paying a monthly subscription get 

exclusive access to portfolios, as well as full access to 

content on the entire marketplace.

Then we added services such as:

• Easy product, content & information sharing

• Connecting & engaging via tailored messages with 

support networks and peers

• Lightning fast, intelligent content searches and filters

• Protecting & defending your creative & IP legal rights

• Sales & revenue collections, distribution, reporting and 

tracking

• Merged decentralized ledgers and smart contracts to 

monitor identity, rights, ownership, splits and pay-

ments. 

Pindify is not an evolutionary social network built around music.

It’s a revolutionary marketplace for all providers of the Music, Arts & Media.



Streaming Services

The Creatives

Social Media

Industry Formats

Creators today are finding new professional-quality, affordable ways of making music, producing 

film, writing articles, designing art, recording podcasts and much more. What is missing is a 

service that strategically navigates traditional and emerging business channels, engages and 

interacts with their target audience, and provides clear, viable revenue streams from them.

Currently the only efficient way to promote is on social media. However social media 

distributes content randomly and encourages and promotes payment over subject 

matter and quality. Furthermore, it’s hard to organize content for providers in one 

portfolio and it offers no subscription revenue from new or existing fans.

Consumers enjoy access to online libraries reaching multiple streamed content

24/7. However, providers have real issues when leading streaming services, including:

1. Keeping promotional influencers firmly in-house

2. Distributing subscribers’ payments unevenly between providers

3. Don’t offer direct interactivity or special relationships

The former industry model was designed to publish and promote top level

entertainment via traditional channels. Today those channels are disappearing and 

former industry providers such as radio/tv-channels, magazines, publishers and labels, 

are now searching for online outlets with clear pay-rails and good promotional options. 

Disruptive Changes
PROBLEM      OPPORTUNITY      SOLUTION

New economic blockchain structures changes centralized services and 
closed social relations to a trusted decentralized market system

Media MarketSocial MediaMedia Service

+ =

Official Control
(Netflix)

Full Control
(Pindify)

No Control
(Facebook)



Content  
& Relations

Distribution

Monetization

Operation

Avid or loyal fans, who typically represent 10-20% of a provider’s user base, can drive 80% 

or more of the provider’s overall business value. Exclusive content and special relationship 

efforts therefore must prioritize initiatives, specifically aimed at serving them.

As user behavior and content consumption trend more toward social media, mobile devi-

ces and streaming, only providers who embrace and distribute into powerful new showca-

se destinations will grow, along with their broad and deep network of 

premium-tier fan-centric subscriber networks.

Providers have to be both strategic and dynamic to fully capture the potential monetization 

from their fans. Subscribing fans, after all, have different requirements than simply selling 

ads to accommodate the subscription tier of free users. Providers need to balance the 

factors that drive relevance and emotional connection, as well as strong promotional 

efforts to amplify the quality and intensity of a fan’s experience and ensure efficient 

financial returns.

As this industry transitions to a direct-to-consumer world, providers 

must ensure they are well-aligned for profitable and sustainable 

growth during this transition. Re-allocating resources in order to 

grow, is a difficult task that requires identifying the potential of 

significant new market and distribution partners, such as Pindify.

Connect Providers with Supporters 
PROBLEM      OPPORTUNITY      SOLUTION



Pindify

Social Network

Amplify

Engage

Marketplace

Portfolios

Profit

The ad-free social marketplace for providers of arts & 

media to amplify, engage and profit from existing and 

new fans.

Pindify is the perfect marriage of existing social media plat-

forms that make them attractive to users, such as posting, 

streaming & sharing, along with distribution ease and

 integration, that makes it easy to consume content types.

Providers can achieve more, in terms of fanbase growth, by 

promoting categorized content to a targeted audience on 

Pindify. Collaboration with other providers’ content and 

sharing it on social media will grow the overall market 

organically, as well as their own portfolios and revenue.

Providers will increase engagement and subscription 

growth, by publishing premium content and giving

exclusive offers to their subscribing fans.

The marketplace is built around the opportunity given to 

providers to choose between clear revenue streams or 

amplified promotion. Democratic rankings by users, combi-

ned with custom filters, ensure quality and personalization 

of market feeds at all times within the Pindify marketplace.

Portfolios, like interactive stores, are essential to manage, 

publish and earn revenue on content and relationships. 

Page portfolios offer shared ownership options. Profile 

portfolios are a verified person or company that can receive 

payments.

Subscriber payments of €11/month are distributed to a 

provider’s ‘portfolio revenue’ (Invites and Followers) and 

“content revenue” (View, Read, Listen).

Arts & Media Market
PROBLEM      OPPORTUNITY      SOLUTION

Social 
Network

Market 
Place

Amplify

Portfolios

Profit Engage



Service
Our direct-to-consumer market service will empower relationships, provide 

revenue and nurture the very premise of what the arts & media are. Block-

chain will secure identity, authority, trusted payments, ownership and user 

rights. Pindify is not just another evolutionary social network, but a revolu-

tionary marketplace for all providers of the arts & media.

Pindify’s goal is to ensure all of our Providers earn a good and decent 

monthly revenue from their Subscribers.  

Goal

Product

Pindify acquires 9% of all subscription and 

40% of total membership fee as revenue.

The Pindify product is an innovative Market Network System, combining 

the best of marketplaces, social networks and portfolios to address the 

needs of tomorrow’s Providers and Subscribers of arts & media. Benefits 

include delegation of direct subscriptions, facilitating shared ownership of 

rights and protections, curating content and payments made and secured 



Pindify uses blockchain technology and smart contracts can ensure user verification,  

registration and certification of copyrights and intellectual property, payments, and  

transactions, by offering a transparent and innovative online marketplace. By collabo-

rating with our blockchain services to create our own secured blockchain, Pindify can 

offer miners to connect the truths from owners, rights and wallets. 

A. Verification of Identity 

In the digital service world, proof of identity is challenging but a must to ensure  

providers and consumers true intentions. As more and more services move online 

- and fraud mounts - this is of growing importance not just to individuals but to the 

businesses and governments with which they interact.

Pindify is currently working with Civic.’s Secure Identity Platform (Civic.com) that uses 

a verified identity for multi-factor authentication on web and mobile apps without the 

need for usernames or passwords, by using decentralized blockchain technology.

 

B. Registration of intellectual property

Any digital content is very easy to copy and distribute. This feature often makes it very 

difficult to prove the authenticity, authorship or distribution license of any original crea-

tion. Blockchains allows the original creator to be recognized in the event of a conflict 

of license infringement by a third party or perhaps more importantly be able to dyna-

mically share the ownership with others to fuel a multiplier effect on overall potential 

earnings. 

Pindify is currently working with dotblockchainmusic.com that uses dotBC which is 

a new dynamic file format supported by a blockchain technology to modernize rights 

management of media files. The blockchain technology creates an incorruptible and 

inalterable time stamp that allows to certify the authorship and license of use or 

distribution of any work or digital creation. 

The new blockchain paradigm

The recent irruption of blockchain technology gives many possibilities for the registration, distribution of intel-

lectual property and transactions without intermediaries. The power of attorney along with the decentralized 

distribution of digital content articulate a new paradigm shift in the era of digital culture. 

Blockchain



C. Notary registration of licenses 

The nature of the copyright culture creates a gap in cultural participation. At Pindify we 

encourage, protect and give priority to the use of free, shared or owned licenses as a 

means of helping to facilitate the construction of a market culture.

The most common causes that push the author to not complain usually is not being 

able to demonstrate the authorship of their work, the legal ignorance or the lack of 

money to pay the legal costs that would entail claiming their rights. 

Pindify is working with Auddly.com who offers a very simple and economical solution 

to empower the authors when claiming their rights. On the one hand the platform 

issues a digital certificate of authenticity that can be sent to the company that is infrin-

ging the rights. 

C. Payments and Transactions

There are a variety of electronic payment types available that reach providers 

worldwide. Along with Global ACH and wire transfers, PayPal is one of the best known 

methods. When considering how to make payments to affiliates, publishers, develo-

pers, or other suppliers, apart from being expensive,  PayPal is not the best payment.

Pindify is currently working with Coinify for Bitcoin and Exodus wallet for Etherum to 

provide  PSP tailored solutions that accepts blockchain payments on behalf of our 

providers and that the providers receives local currency payouts. This means business 

as usual with safety, speed, and cost of the blockchain.” 

D. Smart Contracts

Pindify uses the Blockchain protocol modified and adapted to issuie ”smart contracts” 

to connect and interweave the other partners services that secures:::

1. Verification of identity.

2. Registration, certifcation, transfering and sharing of copyrights and ownership

3. Transaction distributioin to member accounts with Pindicoin 

4. Payouts to accounts

A smart contract acts as an informatic program that facilitates, secures, enforces and 

executes agreements between individuals and organizations. These contracts are sig-

ned cryptographically between the parties and are intended to provide greater security 

than traditional contract law and reduce transaction costs along the process of con-

tracting. Pindify’s smart contracts mean a huge saving of time and money for artists, 

producers, institutions, organizations or galleries working in the arts & media sector. 

 

The new blockchain paradigm



Market Analysis

A. Attraction - Pindify is the perfect marriage of all the elements and rewards that make other social media 

platforms attractive to users.  These include services, functionality and technology usage such as media 

streaming, content sharing, knowledge banking and library catalogs, data collection, reporting, business 

and peer partnerships, user relationships, communities, plus much more. All these combine within Pindify, 

and all translate into an organic, self-nurturing, lucrative, business success model, to suit the 21st Century.

B. Interaction /Subscriber Growth -- The recognition by providers that they can achieve greater

 subscription growth by publishing premium content targeted to their most valuable fans, will nurture the 

creation of exclusive material of a high standard and will be striving to ensure a quality environment rich in 

unique rewards and relationships for their communities and networks.

C. Transaction - The ‘fan first’ strategy prioritizes members who are regular fans and those most willing to 

pay a monthly subscription. With invites, followers and consumption, Pindify gives every Provider a 

chance to make a living. Pindify will also add trading, funding and branding, to offer extend potential re-

venue streams for Providers.

D. Value - Providers that publish content and engage members in experiences tailored to avid fan bases, 

can unlock significant business value. By converting  existing fans from social media networks or recruiting 

new fans from the market, their portfolios will grow and become a standalone destination and subject for 

branding, bookings and investments.

E. Security -  Imagine a direct-to-consumer marketplace, verified by an online ledger system, that 

contains complete records of ownership, performance information, copyright, usage rights and much 

more, and even further, a marketplace that makes it open and available to all who seek to engage in and 

use it.

To survive the rapid transition to a direct-to-consumer future, companies 

across the entertainment & media sector need an effective fan-centric 

strategy, or risk decline and irrelevance [1]. The blockchain for contracts 

of copyrights, unlocks a dynamic content market with enormous growth 

potential [2].

Direct-to-Consumer market with blockchain smart contracts are an 

attractive investment opportunity for a number of reasons.  

These include:

[1] https://www.strategyand.pwc.com/trends/2016-entertainment-media-industry-trends
[2] https://medium.com/cuepoint/bc-a-fair-trade-music-format-virtual-reality-theblockchain-76fc47699733

Pindify



Clients
Providers such as creators (musicians/writers/creatives), influencers 

(radio/magazines) and businesses (labels/publishers) within the arts & 

media sector, can access and pursue opportunities through Pindify that 

are outside traditional promotional and distribution channels, available 

elsewhere today. Pindify incentivises Ambassadors to invite their network 

of clients, by giving them a portion of the membership fee to invite clients 

(Providers) and a small percentage from their invited clients’ customers 

(Subscribers).

Consumers today have far greater varieties of content to choose from, 

available 24/7, delivered through increasingly more services and devices. 

Instead of using many different applications and devices, 

Pindify offers all categories in one ‘full-stack’ environment. More 

importantly, Providers are incentivised to earn revenue by inviting their ex-

isting fans to become Subscribers, with engaging relationships, personali-

zed communities and exclusive material or events. This will allow Pindify’s 

marketplace to grow organically from within, in addition to external influ-

ences and referrals.  

 

Customers

Target Users



No longer is it enough to develop content solely to attract viewers, seeking the largest audiences possible for advertising. 

Now, Providers must create active fans, united by shared ideas, 

interests, and experiences, who will return every day to Provider’s portfolios and content. Current fans recruit new fans, 

and, best of all, fans will spend money in the Pindify marketplace and will be even less likely to leave the environment and 

community. As a marketplace, buoyed by the loyalty of passionate users, Pindify will command substantial strategic 

advantages over traditional library streaming services, or non profitable social media networks.

 

Providers are now gravitating to brands, experiences and platforms that are differentiated as much by the quality of their 

curation, customization, and convenience, as they are by the quality of their content. Additional advantages of Pindify are;

 

• GROWTH - With personal promotion, automated filtering and a democratic ranking system, 

Providers can grow while presenting quality curated content.

• CUSTOMIZATION - With verified publishing, manageable ownership and direct personal subscriptions, 

Providers can customize their business.

• VALUE ADD - With invitation systems, social features and tools to consume and organize categories, 

Providers can add value and convenience for all their members.

Invite revenue

Following revenue

Consumption revenue

Trading revenue

Funding Revenue

Ad revenue

Publishing

Promotion

Shared ownership

Blockchain secured

Profile Ranking

Market feed

Home feed

Filters/Tags/Search

Comments/Message

Share / Reposts

Pin/Save and Stash

Library

Text/Image content

Audio/Video Content

Events

Total 2/20 3/20 3/20 7/20 8/20 8/20 10/20 10/20 11/20 20/20

Myspace SpotifyKickstarter Soundcloud PinterestFacebookBandpage YoutubeBand is in town

Competitive Advantage



Pindify ecosystem includes 
three synergistic components: 

A. Portfolios 

Portfolios, like interactive stores, are essential for Providers to mana-

ge, publish and earn revenue from content and their customer and fan 

relationships. The portfolio collects revenue from Pindify’s direct subscrip-

tion-distribution system and syncs the shared ownership with co-creators, 

publishers and managers, to distribute payments correctly.

B. Social Network 

Social network interactions are one of the key elements to Pindify’s servi-

ce. Guaranteed invite earnings stimulate Providers to incentivize their fans 

to subscribe and engage in a community full of unique experiences from 

VIP offerings, to tailored relationships and exclusive offerings. Pindify’s 

social features provide fans with the ability to empower their favorite Pro-

viders (artists, musicians, creative idols) to create their art or media, offer 

curated content, and become a part of the symbiotic worlds of the arts 

and media.

C. Marketplace 

Pindify’s marketplace is built around opportunities given to Providers to 

choose between clear revenue streams or amplified promotion. Providers 

can publish in all categories of the arts & media on their portfolios. Depen-

ding on their portfolio ranking, their content can be displayed on a local 

and global market-feed.

Pindify’s arts & 
media marketplace 
incorporates smart 
blockchain 
contracts, making 
transactions, 
processes and 
publishing easy, 
profitable and 
secure.

Pindify- Market Network System



The distribution of arts & media content requires tailored tools to ensure transactions 

are as efficient as possible, that they secure and represent that data accurately, and that 

they offer effortless interaction. Pindify’s portfolios include an array of independent and 

collaborative tools, custom designed to manage and interact on the market. These tools 

include:

A. Portfolio Management - Portfolios are ‘stores’ where Providers publish either promoted 

or professional content. Content from highly ranked portfolios will also be displayed on 

local or global markets to amplify both revenue and exposure. Providers can manage the 

ownership of portfolio revenues, with direct subscriptions from followers and invites, as 

well as request payouts, manage privacy settings, notifications and custom views. 

Portfolios

Pindify - Market Network System

B. Content management - Members can 

publish both free and premium audio, video, 

images, text and social content, as part of their

customized promotion and revenue strategies. 

Ownership is easily managed to fit individu-

al contracts by connecting to other profiles. 

Content receives direct dynamic subscription 

from consuming  Subscribers, and intellectual 

property assets are tied to our unique stan-

dard ID’s, with an industry standard blockchain 

ledger.

C.True Insight - Drilling into the functional, 

emotional, and social behaviors help to 

translate ‘fandom’ for brands, and our insight 

tools are a treasure trove of first party data for 

our Providers.  Pindify has designed its core 

service, processes, and technology to also 

ensure we mine and translate that data and 

insight into fan preferences, so we can align 

and scale our operations and strategy.



Providers, or their assisting fans, can invite fans in three ways; via personalized 

onboarding welcome pages, by sharing direct links to their portfolio or by sharing 

their content across social media. Invited fans can become members for free, 

and will have access to the promoted material that came with the invitation. 

If the fan converts and registers as a Subscriber, the inviting portfolio will then 

receive a guaranteed 25% of the Subscribers monthly market distribution.  

Pindify’s social marketplace resembles that of any commercial shopping 

center. It’s free to browse around, be social and share stories with any 

member.

Social Marketplace, Social Sharing

Invite fans 

Portfolio Following

Exclusivity

Social Tools

Every invited user automatically becomes the portfolio’s follower, but after they 

enter the market, it’s up to the Subscriber who they would like to follow. 25% of 

the market  distribution is divided amongst the portfolios that the Subscriber 

chooses to follow.

Subscribers are rewarded by being an ‘established’ Subscriber and will receive 

exclusive content, along with special access to the Provider’s portfolios. Followed 

portfolio’s exclusive updates are viewed via the Subscriber’s home feed. 

Subscribers can organize content directly in libraries, by using the ‘add to’ 

functionality and then selecting album, gallery, playlist, toplist, cluster or 

cuelist. Pinned portfolios, updates or content are directly delivered to the 

user’s ‘Stash’ pile. Reposts are updated on the follower’s home feed. 

Shared content updates are fed through to other social media networks.



Portfolios are ‘stores’ where Providers publish either promoted or professional content.

Subscription payments divided into portfolio revenue and content revenue can be shared directly to other 

co-owners. Each Subscriber pays €11/month ($11 in the US) and after VAT (25%) and fees (13%), a mar-

ket share of €7.43/month ($8.61 in the US) would be left for distribution in the market.

• Portfolios are guaranteed €1.86 /month ($2.15 in the US) for each invited Subscriber

• Portfolios also receive €1.86 /month ($2.15 in the US) for each following Subscriber, divided by how 

many premium portfolios the Subscriber follows 

• Content is premium content only accessible to Subscribers. Pindify allocates 

• €3.72 ($4.30 in the US) depending on the % of ‘pings’ the Subscribers spend on the content. A ping is 

obtained every 30 seconds, which after 3 minutes, rises according to the derivative of our algorithms.

• For instance, if the Subscriber was neither invited nor following any portfolios, the entire market distri-

bution goes to a Provider’s content revenue.

Marketplace 

Pindify aims to create a symbiosis for creators, influencers and businesses within the arts & media se-

ctors, to coexist with both Subscribers and free users, as they would in any commercial shopping center. 

Pindify is free to join, and users are free to organize and post social or promotional audio, video, text and 

images on their portfolios. However, paying Providers ($5-$69) can collaborate or independently earn ‘con-

tent revenue’ from published content, or ‘portfolio revenue’ from invited Subscribers who also follow them.

Business model

Subscription
$11/month

Pindify

Portfolio Revenue Content Revenue

ConsumptionFollowningInvite

VAT $0.40

Transaction $0.72

Profit $0.93

Sales $0.34

Providers of Arts & Media
$2.388

$4.30 $4.30

$4.30$2.15$2.15

$8.612



Marketplace 

Pindify’s philosophy is to develop a content distributions system in blockchain as fair as possible for all members. All 

portfolios and content can be filtered or searched throughout the Pindify platform. To provide a chance for good Provi-

ders to grow organically and enforce quality, Pindify created a ranking system for providers is called ‘Karma’ that ranks 

from 0-100. Karma can be acquired by indicators types of content, number of likes, comments and pins, traffic and 

frequency view counts and timeframes. Indicators give millions of possibilities for each provider and generates the sta-

tistics that helps best to determine trends in the distribution market. Real time consumption statistics from the platform.

In this way and unlike the other centralized platforms like Google or Amazon in Pindify all the people have the same 

power of access to the information of the network without generating positions of privileges between users and distri-

butors. 

Encourage Quality

The filter function provides results from bundled search and address categories, subcategories, mood, subject, 

era, location, date, time and tags. The search function finds direct searches of portfolios and content categories 

such as @Profiles, #Tags, *Media, +Collection, $Business and !Connect.

Discovering tools



Road Map

Pindify is operating, fully functional and able to support and host the marketplace. So far, even 

without an official launch, we’ve received revenue from Subscribers which has been distributed 

correctly to the respective Providers. However, we’re currently upgrading our front-end system 

(from Angular to React). This will increase loading speed, boost SEO, and provide a fully responsive 

web. This update will be completed by the end of June.  The system is still fully functional under the 

existing front-end. The Pindify iOS is currently in the Apple App store and the Android app is done.

Version Established Code Name Features

2.5 

3.0 

3.1 

3.2 

3.5

3.7

4.0

Q1, 2017

Q2, 2017

Q2, 2017

Q3, 2017

Q3, 2017

Q4, 2017

Q4, 2017

Foxtrot

Nokia

Porsche

Fort Knox

Manage

Storefront

Eagle Eye

Secure all connections from & to our applications. 

Android, Ios, React Js Native mobile applications.

Update reactJs optimize load, SEO & responsiveness 

Secure platform, publication, admin, token & blockchain. 

Portfolios, Settings, Payments, Members, & Analytics. 

Display portfolio, discovery, stash, live chat, & clusters. 

New workload stream, preload & Web Rtc livestream.

4.1

4.2

4.5

4.7

Q1, 2018 

Q1, 2018

Q2, 2018 

Q3, 2018

Calculator

Go Fish

Costco

Alexandria

Update karma, analytics, consumption, & earnings. 

Matching content, portfolios, geography & preferences. 

Trading content such as tickets, downloads, & merch.

 Library of lists, radio, exclusive albums, ebooks.

5.0

5.5

Q2, 2019 

Q3, 2019

Robin Hood

Nascar

Funding events, crowdfund, hiring & investments.

Branding with matching affiliation with market segments.



Pindify was  founded by artist, economist and developer 

Christoffer Wallin in 2011 as Jamclouds. Between 2007 

and 2011, Christoffer served as a Developer and Project 

manager at BTS; a global leader in building strategy align-

ment and execution through the use of business simu-

lations and experiential learning programs for blue chip 

companies worldwide. Christoffer is an active musician, 

prolific songwriter, and previously a lead singer for five 

different rock bands. In 2004, he received his Bachelor’s 

degree in Economics with Honors of Highest Distinc-

tion from University of Utah and minored in Business 

Marketing at David Eccles School of Business. In 2000, 

he received the Green Beret from the Swedish Airborne 

Rangers, K3.

Tomas is in charge of Pindify’s business administration 

and all financials. Tomas is a serial-entrepreneur. He has

started and operated several companies in Europe, the US 

and the far East. Tomas has corporate industry experience 

that ranges from Telecommunications, Broadcast Media, 

Hotels, Travel Industry, Accounting Services through to 

Construction.

Former product manager at the US record company MCA’s 

Swedish office in the early 1990s. MCA then became Uni-

versal Music, where the role of Marketing Director topped 

a 17-year-long victory. After a few years as a consultant in 

the music industry, 5 years was spent as the marketing 

director at Sony Music. Now he has just assumed the role 

of General Manager at our digital marketplace Pindify. 

Johan’s enormous network of labels, publishers, artists, 

producers and media is a true driver for Pindify’s future 

relations.

Mathias spent 5 years working at the reputable adverti-

sing agency DDB. Prior to that he was Head of

Communicative Design at Eton, a leading global 

shirtmaker. He has also been the Director of Design at 

Grau Design Agency in Stockholm, that creates exciting 

and useful design solutions for clients such as SEB, Vat-

tenfall, Bukowskis, Swedavia and Storytel. We are ama-

zed by the extensive digital design and attention to detail 

Mathias has infused into Pindify’s products, which align 

perfectly with the services we are offering the market.

Team

Christoffer  
Bolinder Wallin

Mathias 
Mattsson

Tomas Wallin

Chief Executive Officer

Chief Operation Officer

Chief Design Officer

Chief Financial Officer

Johan Lindgren

Pavlo is leading our growing development team and mana-

ging the rollout of our web and mobile applications and c

ustomized IT infrastructure. He has over 17 years experience 

in web development and systems integration, leading teams 

in major tech industries such as e-commerce with companies 

like Shopify. Pavlo manages a specialised IT team consisting 

of 4 senior Ruby developers, 1 QA/Project Manager, 2 iOS and 

2 Android developers, 1 UI/layout and 1 designer, with additio-

nal developers close by, ready to scale up.

Pavlo Shabat
Chief Technical Officer



Sarah is in charge of our clients’ digital communication 

strategies such as  content marketing, social media & 

community management, email marketing and  newsletter 

tactics. Owner of one of Sweden’s most popular blog about 

social media. Former Brand activation manager of Sportamo-

re and Zaark. She truly makes social media efficient.

Oskar’s expertise spans a broad spectrum of executive 

sales meetings, conferences and event production. He is 

experienced in organising events for governments and 

companies across the globe. Oskar joined Pindify in 2015 

after foreseeing the immense possibilities of building a 

powerful international sales group of General Agents and 

Ambassadors for Pindify.

Being the Creative Director at Svenska Spel (the largest 

games & entertainment gambling company in Sweden) 

and having his own operations, RAF and then Grand, 

since 1985. Micke first graduated from Bergh’s School of 

Communication, and became a respected senior adviser 

in marketing departments at companies around the world. 

Today Pindify has the great privilege of having Micke 

formalizing Pindify’s marketing strategy and strengthening 

our brand to create and a clear roadmap forward for our 

clients and their customers.

Team

Sara ÖhmanOskar Gillström

Mikael Friberg

Chief Social OfficerChief Commercial Officer

Chief Marketing Officer

After completing his studies at KTH in 1999, has Sebastian 

worked in sales and business development within the financial 

industry. His career over the years has been founder of Nordic 

Cross Managment, Senior Sales at Catella Fund Management 

and Senior VP of Auda Advisor Associates. Sebastian has the 

knowledge and experience of most asset classes. Sebastian’s

experience is a perfect fit for Pindify’s alternative investment 

oppertuneties.

Sebastian Uddén
Chief Investment Officer



Ian Scarffe is a serial Entrepreneur, investor and consultant 

and his experiences in the business world have allowed him 

valuable insight into every working aspect of an organisation 

and the minds of millions of customers. His business talents 

and intuition have earned him so much respect that he was 

elected by the world’s foremost business leaders for various 

board positions of the Entrepreneurs’ Organisation. Founded 

in 1987, EO is the catalyst that enables leading entrepreneurs 

to learn and grow, leading to greater success in business 

and beyond. With more than 10,000 members worldwide in 

approximately 143 chapters and 46 countries, and total sale 

of more than US$536 billion. In 2013, Ian became involved in 

the Bitcoin, Blockchain and Crypto industries. Co-Founded a 

number of Blockchain related companies and is a member of 

a number of Blockchain associations and advisory boards. Ian 

is an ambassador and advocate for a number of non-profit 

and humanitarian initiatives. Ian founded Binkplus a startup 

incubator in Europe and now focuses on the blockchain indu-

stry, and offers advising, consulting services and connections 

to blockchain experts.

David Drake, through his family office LDJ Capital, has 

acted as GP & LP investors with his partners in fund-

of-funds, realty funds, venture capital funds, and hedge 

funds. Mr. Drake’s investments currently have 50+ global 

directors that maintain relations with institutions & family 

offices with $1.5 trillion in assets. Mr. Drake’s access to 

100,000 investors is maintained through his media com-

pany The Soho Loft Media Group. Mr. Drake is a digital 

automation advocate for private equity as he lobbied the 

US Congress on the JOBS Act since 2011. He represen-

ted the US Commerce Department at the EU Commissi-

on in Brussels & Rome in 2012, was invited to the White 

House Champions of Change ceremony in Washington, 

D.C., and was a speaker at the UK Parliament in 2013.

Benjamin is a serial entrepreneur of British-Dutch origin. He 

started his first company in 2003 at the age of 23 and has 

been active around the world with successful projects le-

ading to the sale of iGo Inc. (NASDQ) listed in 2010. During 

the last 2 years Ben has been proactive in the crypto 

currency market creating ICO Global with partner Michiel 

Triebert. After helping to commercialize several success-

ful projects, ICO Global have joined Pindify as hands-on 

advisors.

Advisors

Ian ScarffeDavid Drake
Founder & Investor, Binkplus.pl Founder and Chairman, LDJ Captial

Co-Founder & Investor, ICO Global 

Benjamin 
Theobald 



Antoun is an investment services professional with years of 

experience in Private Equity investments, venture capital and 

Blockchain Technology. He is currently building a new type of 

Private Equity Portfolio Fund based on the Blockchain techno-

logy and has already secured several project agreements in-

cluding government backed contracts. Through his extensive 

network, he is bringing high value projects to the ICO market. 

Antoun brings expertise in JV negotiations, acquisitions, ICOs 

and venture financing deals. His portfolio currently includes 

diversified projects across several markets including Fintech, 

Green Energy, medical technology, industrial technology and 

IT.

A seasoned professional with over two decades of hands 

on experience starting business with the last 10 years in 

the electronic payments, fintech, and financial markets. 

Specializing in entrepreneurship, business development 

and creating connections Jason strives to bring individu-

als, markets and opportunities together on a global level. 

Priding himself on his keen abilities as a solution and 

problem solver, Jason enjoys mentoring fellow entrepre-

neurs and advises local and international startups. Jason 

is the COO of CoinPayments.Net and is the founder of 

Parallel Payments. He is an active member of the Block-

chain association of Canada and the fintech advisor for 

the National Crowdfunding association of Canada. He 

contributes to many entrepreneurs as a mentor and is an 

advisor to several organizations raising capital through 

ICO’s and traditional financing.

Advisors

Antoun Toubia Jason Butcher 
Investor & Chairman, United Capital COO & Founder, Coinpayments & Parallel 



Pindify has been in live beta since 2016 with a full-

stack service and a responsive web at:  

Pindify.com: https://www.pindify.com 

Pindex tokens are available exclusively,

via Ethereum block chain / smart contracts. 

Visit :https://pindex.uci.global

Tokens are distributed within 36 hours after purchase

Pindify Token Sale

Exchanges

Proof of Concept

Dates
Startdate: 20th of November 2017

Enddate: 20th of January 2018 

Subject to change

How to buy 
Pindex Token

Tokens Issued
Two hundred million + Thirty fve million for

bonuses + 20 million for reserve (200,000,000 +

35,000,000+20,000,000)

Bonuses 
There are four blocks of Tokens:

 50 million is every block.

1st Block: 25% Bonus Tokens

2nd Block: 20% Bonus Tokens

3rd Block: 15% Bonus Tokens

4th Block: 10% Bonus Tokens

Buying Pindex
Minimum purchase is 1 ETH. There is no maximum or 

limitation on the number of Pindex Tokens a participant 

can purchase.

1st block: 1 ETH. Receive 800 Pindex plus 25% bonus

2nd block:1 ETH. Receive 700 Pindex plus 20% bonus

3rd block: 1 ETH. Receive 600 Pindex plus 15% bonus



Pindify Token Sale

Apps
AppStore: http://apple.co/2eKE3mo

(https://itunes.apple.com/bb/app/pindify/id1030833719)

GooglePlay: http://bit.ly/2wMzYcd 

(https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pindify.app)

Pindex token holders have the right to use their 

tokens for

subscription packages with Pindify.

Year 1. 10% of subscription cost can be paid using 

Pindex

 Year 2. 30%

Year 3. 50%

Year 4. 70%

Year 5. 90%

Utility

Websites
About Pindify: blog.pindify.com

Token Sales Page: https://pindex.uci.global

Pindify Platform: https://www.pindify.com

ICO Management: https://uci.global Allocations
* Development: 2%

* Scaling: 85%

* Marketing: 3%

* Reserve: 10%Join our Chat
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Pindify

Facebook: https://facebook.com/pindify

Telegram: https://t.me/joinchat/GGYu3xCGpklo-

2nIz-CswuA Accepted Currencies

Ethereum 

Bitcoin



Contact

“whether you engage with Pindify as a provider, supporter or community 
member, you’ll be empowering cultural innovation for creatives worldwide by 

uniting like-minded people through the use of the latest technology to create a 
new world for the arts & media”

Pindify Sarl

Adress: 117 Val des Bons-Malades L-2121 Luxembourg

Registration as: Traitement de données, hébergement et activités connexes (63110)

Trade registry No. : B172939

Pindex website: pindex.uci.global


