








































Microsoft Word - PolicyPal Network.Whitepaper.20180303.doc


 
 

 
 

 
 

PolicyPal Network 
 

The Future of Insurance for the Unbanked and Cryptoassets 
 
 

 
 

Whitepaper Version 4 
April 2018 

 
 

val@policypal.com 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

1 

 
 
IMPORTANT: YOU MUST READ THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMER IN FULL BEFORE 

CONTINUING 
  
The sale (“Token Sale”) by PolicyPal Network Pte. Ltd. (Singapore Company Registration 
Number: 201800311Z) (“Token Issuer”) of the PolicyPal Network Token (“PolicyPal Network 
Tokens”), the exchange medium for participants of the PolicyPal Network (as defined in the 
section entitled “Abstract” of this whitepaper (“Whitepaper”)) as detailed in this Whitepaper is 
only intended for, made to or directed at, only certain persons. Moreover, this Whitepaper is not 
a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities 
of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form 
of investment, or a solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction. No regulatory 
authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. This 
Whitepaper has not been registered with any regulatory authority in any jurisdiction.  
 
References in this Whitepaper to “we” or “us” refers to the Token Issuer and “our” shall 
be construed accordingly. “You” refers to any person accessing, perusing or reviewing 
this Whitepaper and “your” shall be construed accordingly.  
 

 
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE TOKEN ISSUER IS A DISTINCT AND SEPARATE LEGAL 
ENTITY FROM POLICYPAL SINGAPORE PTE. LTD (SINGAPORE COMPANY 
REGISTRATION NUMBER: 201724328B) (“POLICYPAL SINGAPORE”). 
 
THE TOKEN ISSUER IS NOT REGULATED UNDER THE INSURANCE ACT (CHAPTER 142) 
OF SINGAPORE (“INSURANCE ACT”) OR THE FINANCIAL ADVISERS ACT (CHAPTER 
110) OF SINGAPORE (“FINANCIAL ADVISERS ACT”) WHEREAS POLICYPAL 
SINGAPORE IS A DIRECT INSURANCE BROKER REGULATED UNDER THE INSURANCE 
ACT AND IS AN EXEMPT FNANCIAL ADVISER REGULATED UNDER THE FINANCIAL 
ADVISERS ACT.  
 
ACCORDINGLY: 
 
(A) THE TOKEN ISSUER CANNOT, AND DOES NOT INTEND TO, ENGAGE IN (I) ANY 

INSURANCE BUSINESS IN SINGAPORE AS WOULD BE REGULATED UNDER THE 
INSURANCE ACT; OR (II) THE PROVISION OF ANY FINANCIAL ADVISORY 
SERVICE IN SINGAPORE AS WOULD BE REGULATED UNDER THE FINANCIAL 
ADVISERS ACT; AND 

 
(B) THE POLICYPAL NETWORK TOKENS ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OR TO 

CONSTITUTE ANY “POLICY” AS DEFINED UNDER THE INSURANCE ACT AND/OR 
“INVESTMENT PRODUCT” AS DEFINED UNDER THE FINANCIAL ADVISERS ACT.  

 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

2 

 
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part 
thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant to Token Issuer that: 
  
(a) you are not located in the People’s Republic of China and you are not a citizen or 

resident (tax or otherwise) of, or domiciled in, the People’s Republic of China; 
  
(b) you are not located in the United States of America and you are not a citizen, resident 

(tax or otherwise) or green card holder of, or domiciled in, the United States of America; 
  
(c) you are not located in a jurisdiction where the Token Sale is prohibited, restricted or 

unauthorized in any form or manner whether in full or in part under its laws, regulatory 
requirements or rules; 

  
(d) you agree to be bound by the limitations and restrictions described herein; and 

  
(e) you acknowledge that this Whitepaper has been prepared for delivery to you so as to 

assist you in making a decision as to whether to purchase the PolicyPal Network 
Tokens. 

 
The information set out in this Whitepaper is for information purposes only and do not 
constitute any form of financial or other advice and should not be relied on or treated as 
a substitute for specific advice relevant to particular circumstances and is not intended 
to be relied upon by you in making (or refraining from making) any specific decisions. 
 
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD 
CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

3 

Table of Contents 
Abstract	 15	

How	PolicyPal	started	 16	

Introduction	 16	

Growth	in	the	Insurance	Industry	 17	

Untapped	Insurance	Markets	in	Emerging	Countries	 18	

Challenges	in	the	Insurance	Industry	 19	

PolicyPal	Network	Vision	 19	

Utilising	Blockchain	Technology	for	Insurance	 20	

Advantages	of	Blockchain	in	Insurance	 20	

PolicyPal	Network	 21	

What	are	the	Challenges	faced	by	the	Crypto	community?	 22	
First	Product	Line:	CryptoProtect	Service	for	Global	Market	 23	

Traditional	Insurance	Distribution	and	Claims	 24	

What	is	P2P	Global	Mutual	Aid	Insurance	 25	
Second	Product	Line:	P2P	Mutual	Aid	Insurance	for	Emerging	Markets	 26	
A.	Agricultural	Insurance	 27	
B.	Property	Insurance	 27	
C.	Personal	Accident	Plan	 27	
D.	Life	Insurance	 28	

Benefits	of	PolicyPal	Network	 28	

PolicyPal	Network	Partnerships	 28	

Token	Ecosystem	 30	

High-level	overview	of	PolicyPal	Network	 31	

PolicyPal	Network	Blockchain	 33	

PolicyPal	Network	Token	Holders	Benefits	 34	

Survey	Participation	Mechanism	 35	

PolicyPal	Network	Token	Sale	 36	

Token	Issuer	/	PolicyPal	Singapore	 37	

PolicyPal	Singapore’s	Current	Solution	in	the	Market	 37	

PolicyPal	Singapore’s	Insurance	Partners	 38	



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

4 

PolicyPal	Singapore	–	First	Graduate	of	MAS	Fintech	Sandbox	 39	

Media	Coverage	for	PolicyPal	Singapore	 40	

PolicyPal	Tech,	PolicyPal	Singapore	and	PolicyPal	Network	–	Milestones	 42	

PolicyPal	Tech	and	PolicyPal	Singapore	–	Selected	Achievements	and	Awards	 43	

PolicyPal	Tech	and	PolicyPal	Singapore	–	Selected	Media	Coverage	 44	

Team	 45	

Advisors	 49	

Investors	 54	

RoadMap	 55	

Risk	Factors	 56	
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

5 

 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 

 
This Whitepaper in current form is being circulated for general information and to invite investor 
feedback only on the PolicyPal Network (as defined in the section entitled “Abstract” of this 
Whitepaper) as presently conceived, and is subject to review and revision by the directors of the 
Token Issuer, the advisers, and/or legal advisers of the Token Issuer. Please do not replicate or 
distribute any part of this Whitepaper without this note in accompaniment. No part of this 
Whitepaper is intended to create legal relations between a recipient of this Whitepaper or to be 
legally binding or enforceable by such recipient against the Token Issuer. An updated version of 
this Whitepaper may be published on a date to be determined and announced by the Token 
Issuer in due course. 

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED “DISCLAIMER 
OF LIABILITY”, “NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES”, “REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES BY YOU”, “CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS”, 
“THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS”, “TERMS 
USED”, “NO ADVICE”, “NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE”, “RESTRICTIONS ON 
DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION”, “NO OFFER OF INVESTMENT OR REGISTRATION” 
AND “RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES” CAREFULLY. 

IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD 
CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). 

 
Please note that the Token Issuer is a distinct and separate legal entity from PolicyPal 
Singapore. 
 
The Token Issuer is not regulated under the Insurance Act or the Financial Advisers Act  
whereas PolicyPal Singapore is a direct insurance broker regulated under the Insurance 
Act and is an exempt financial adviser regulated under the Financial Advisers Act.  
 
Accordingly : 
 
(a) the Token Issuer cannot, and does not intend to, engage in (i) any insurance 

business in Singapore as would be regulated under the Insurance Act; or (ii) the 
provision of any financial advisory service in Singapore as would be regulated 
under the Financial Advisers Act; and 

 
(b) the PolicyPal Network Tokens are not intended to be or to constitute any “policy” 

as defined under the Insurance Act and/or “investment product” as defined under 
the Financial Advisers Act.  

 

 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

6 

Further, the PolicyPal Network Tokens are not intended to constitute securities of any form, 
units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment 
in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any 
sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, 
units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment, or a solicitation for any 
form of investment in any jurisdiction. 

This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion or any advice to acquire, sell, or 
any solicitation of any offer by Token Issuer to acquire any PolicyPal Network Tokens nor shall it 
or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection 
with, any contract or investment decision. 

The proceeds from the sale of the PolicyPal Network Tokens will be deployed to support the 
research and development of the PolicyPal Network, marketing and market expansion outside 
of Singapore, and legal and compliance expenses. 

No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the 
acquisition of PolicyPal Network Tokens and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to 
be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper. 

Any agreement as between the Token Issuer and you as a participant in the Token Sale of the 
PolicyPal Network Tokens by the Token Issuer, and in relation to any purchase of PolicyPal 
Network Tokens is to be governed by only a separate document setting out the terms and 
conditions (the “Token Sale Terms”) of such agreement. In the event of any inconsistencies 
between the Token Sale Terms and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail. 

PLEASE NOTE THAT YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE AND YOU ARE NOT TO PURCHASE ANY 
TOKENS IN THE TOKEN SALE IF: (A) YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC 
OF CHINA OR IF YOU ARE A CITIZEN OR RESIDENT (TAX OR OTHERWISE) OF, OR 
DOMICILED IN, THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA; (B) YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR IF YOU ARE A CITIZEN, RESIDENT (TAX OR 
OTHERWISE) OR GREEN CARD HOLDER OF, OR DOMICILED IN, THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA; OR (C) SUCH TOKEN SALE IS PROHIBITED, RESTRICTED OR 
UNAUTHORIZED IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHETHER IN FULL OR IN PART UNDER 
THE LAWS, REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS OR RULES IN ANY JURISDICTION 
APPLICABLE TO YOU, AT THE TIME OF YOUR INTENDED PURCHASE OR PURCHASE OF 
THE POLICYPAL NETWORK TOKENS IN THE TOKEN SALE. 

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this 
Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements 
or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does 
not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with. 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

7 

There are risks and uncertainties associated with the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates and their 
respective business and operations, the PolicyPal Network Tokens, the Token Sale, and the 
PolicyPal Network. Please refer to the section entitled “Risks and Disclosures” set out at the end 
of this Whitepaper. 

This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any 
country where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted. 

No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this 
section and the following sections entitled “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No Representations and 
Warranties”, “Representations and Warranties By You”, “Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking 
Statements”, “Third Party Information and No Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No 
Advice”, “No Further Information or Update”, “Restrictions On Distribution and Dissemination”, 
“No Offer of Investment Or Registration” and “Risks and Uncertainties”. 

 
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY 

To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, the Token 
Issuer and its affiliates shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or 
other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of 
revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any 
acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you. 

 
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Neither the Token Issuer nor its affiliates makes or purports to make, and hereby disclaim, any 
representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, 
including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and 
completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. 

 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU 
 
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part 
thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant to the Token Issuer as follows: 

(a)    you agree and acknowledge that the PolicyPal Network Tokens do not constitute (i) 
securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme 
or any other form of investment in any jurisdiction; or (ii) an insurance policy in any 
jurisdiction;  

(b)       you are not: 

(i)  located in the People’s Republic of China or a citizen or resident (tax or 
otherwise) of, or domiciled in, the People’s Republic of China; 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

8 

(ii) located in the United States of America or a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or 
green card holder of, or domiciled in, the United States of America; or 

(iii)  located in a jurisdiction where the Token Sale is prohibited, restricted or 
unauthorized in any form or manner whether in full or in part under the laws, 
regulatory requirements or rules in such jurisdiction; 

(c)     you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or 
offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any 
form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form 
of investment in any jurisdiction, or a solicitation for any form of investment, and you are 
not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency 
or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper; 

(d)    you acknowledge and understand that no PolicyPal Network Token should be construed, 
interpreted, classified or treated as enabling, or according any opportunity to, token 
holders to participate in or receive profits, income, or other payments or returns arising 
from or in connection with the PolicyPal Network Tokens or the proceeds of the Token 
Sale, or to receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other payments or returns; 

 (e)      you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of 
the information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the 
laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution 
or dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, 
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with; 

(f)      you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion 
of the Token Sale, or future trading of PolicyPal Network Tokens on any cryptocurrency 
exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the 
merits of the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates, the PolicyPal Network Tokens, the Token 
Sale, and the PolicyPal Network; 

(g)      the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, 
or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, 
regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to 
possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions at 
your own expense and without liability to the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates; 

(h)      you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to acquire any PolicyPal 
Network Tokens, PolicyPal Network Tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, 
classified or treated as: 

(i)  any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;  

(ii) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity; 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

9 

(iii)  rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares; 

(iv)  rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or 
pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss; 

(v) units in a collective investment scheme; 

(vi)  units in a business trust; 

(vii)  derivatives of units in a business trust;  

(viii) any form of investment; or 

 
 (ix) any insurance policy; 

(i)      you are legally permitted to participate in the Token Sale and all actions contemplated or 
associated with such participation, including the holding and use of PolicyPal Network 
Tokens; 

(j) the amounts that you use to acquire the PolicyPal Network Tokens were not and are not 
directly or indirectly derived from any activities that contravene the laws and regulations 
of any jurisdiction, including anti-money laundering laws and regulations; 

(k)  if you are a natural person, you are of sufficient age and capacity under the applicable 
laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside and the jurisdiction of which you are a citizen 
to participate in the Token Sale; 

(l)         you are not obtaining or using PolicyPal Network Tokens for any illegal purpose; 

(m) you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, 
transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, 
blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token 
storage mechanisms, blockchain technology, and smart contract technology; 

(n) you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any 
PolicyPal Network Tokens, there are risks associated with the Token Issuer and/or its 
affiliates and their respective business and operations, PolicyPal Network Tokens, the 
Token Sale, and the PolicyPal Network and in particular, that the Token Issuer and 
its business and operations are not regulated by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (“MAS”); 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

10 

(o) you bear the sole responsibility to determine what tax implications a purchase of 
PolicyPal Network Tokens may have for you and agree not to hold the Token Issuer, its 
affiliates and/or any other person involved in the Token Sale liable for any tax liability 
associated with or arising therefrom; 

(p)       you agree and acknowledge that neither the Token Issuer nor its affiliates are not liable 
for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in 
tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, 
and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or 
reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you; 

(q) you waive the right to participate in a class action lawsuit or a class wide arbitration 
against the Token Issuer, its affiliates and/or any person involved in the Token Sale 
and/or with the creation and distribution of PolicyPal Network Tokens; and 

(r)  all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-
misleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this 
Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be). 

 
CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place 
accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by the Token Issuer or its 
directors, executive officers or employees acting on behalf of the Token Issuer (as the case may 
be), that are not statements of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking statements”. Some of 
these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, 
“believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”, 
“project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the 
exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All statements regarding the Token 
Issuer’s and/or its affiliates’ business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects of 
the industry which the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates are in are forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements as to the Token 
Issuer’s and/or its affiliates’ prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other 
matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates are matters 
that are not historic facts, but only predictions. 
 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of the Token 
Issuer and/or its affiliates to be materially different from any future results, performance or 
achievements expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These 
factors include, amongst others: 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

11 

(a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, 
and the regulatory environment in the countries in which the Token Issuer conducts its 
business and operations; 

(b) the risk that the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates may be unable to execute or implement 
its business strategies and future plans; 

(c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; 

(d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of the Token 
Issuer and/or its affiliates and the PolicyPal Network; 

(e) changes in the availability and fees payable to the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates in 
connection with their respective businesses and operations or in the PolicyPal Network; 

(f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by the Token 
Issuer and/or its affiliates to operate their respective business and operations; 

(g)       changes in preferences of users of the PolicyPal Network; 

(h) changes in competitive conditions under which the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates 
operate, and the ability of the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates to compete under such 
conditions; 

(i) changes in the future capital needs of the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates and the 
availability of financing and capital to fund such needs; 

(j) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism; 

(k)      occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the 
businesses and/or operations of the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates; 

(l) other factors beyond the control of the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates; and 

(m) any risk and uncertainties associated with the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates and their 
respective business and operations, the PolicyPal Network Tokens, the Token Sale, and 
the PolicyPal Network. 

All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to the Token Issuer and/or persons 
acting on behalf of the Token Issuer are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. 
Given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or 
achievements of the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates to be materially different from that 
expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Whitepaper, undue 
reliance must not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking statements are 
applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper. 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

12 

Neither the Token Issuer nor any other person represents, warrants, and/or undertakes that the 
actual future results, performance or achievements of the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates will 
be as discussed in those forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or 
achievements of the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates may differ materially from those 
anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 

Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or 
undertaking as to the future performance or policies of the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates. 

Further, the Token Issuer disclaims any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking 
statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect 
future developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or 
other events occur in the future. 

 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSON 

This Whitepaper includes information obtained from various third party sources (“Third Party 
Information”). None of the publishers of Third Party Information has consented to the inclusion 
of Third Party Information in this Whitepaper and is therefore not liable for Third Party 
Information. While reasonable action has been taken to ensure that Third Party Information has 
been included in their proper form and context, neither the Token Issuer nor its directors, 
executive officers, and employees acting on their behalf, has independently verified the 
accuracy, reliability, completeness of the contents, or ascertained any applicable underlying 
assumption, of the relevant Third Party Information. Consequently, neither the Token Issuer nor 
its directors, executive officers and employees acting on their behalf makes any representation 
or warranty as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of such information and shall not be 
obliged to provide any updates on the same. 

 
TERMS USED 

To facilitate a better understanding of the PolicyPal Network Tokens being the subject of the 
sale conducted by the Token Issuer, and the business and operations of the Token Issuer and 
its affiliates, certain technical terms and abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their 
descriptions, have been used in this Whitepaper. These descriptions and assigned meanings 
should not be treated as being definitive of their meanings and may not correspond to standard 
industry meanings or usage. 

Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and 
words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter 
genders and vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations. 

 
NO ADVICE 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

13 

No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax 
advice regarding the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates, the PolicyPal Network Tokens, the Token 
Sale, or the PolicyPal Network. You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other 
professional adviser regarding the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates and their respective 
business and operations, the PolicyPal Network Tokens, the Token Sale, and the PolicyPal 
Network. You should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any 
purchase of PolicyPal Network Tokens for an indefinite period of time. 

 
NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE 

No person has been or is authorized to give any information or representation not contained in 
this Whitepaper in connection with the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates and their respective 
business and operations, the PolicyPal Network Tokens, the Token Sale, or the PolicyPal 
Network, if given, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorized by or on behalf of the Token Issuer. The Token Sale shall not, under any 
circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or implication 
that there has been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve a material change in 
the affairs, conditions and prospects of the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates or in any statement 
of fact or information contained in this Whitepaper since the date hereof. 

 
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION 

The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or 
restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements, and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where 
any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which 
are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) 
at your own expense and without liability to the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates. 

Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided 
access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any 
other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained 
herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur. 

 
NO OFFER OF INVESTMENT OR REGISTRATION 

This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not 
intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a 
collective investment scheme or any other form of investment, or a solicitation for any form of 
investment in any jurisdiction. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal 
commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of 
this Whitepaper. 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

14 

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this 
Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements 
or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does 
not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with. 

 
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 
 
Prospective purchasers of PolicyPal Network Tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all 
risks and uncertainties associated with the Token Issuer and its affiliates and their respective 
business and operations, the PolicyPal Network Tokens, the Token Sale, and the PolicyPal 
Network, all information set out in this Whitepaper and the Token Sale Terms prior to any 
purchase of the PolicyPal Network Tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties develops into 
actual events, the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Token 
Issuer and/or its affiliates could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, you may 
lose all or part of the value of the PolicyPal Network Tokens. Please refer to the risk factors set 
out in pages 63 to 71 of this Whitepaper. 

 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

15 

 
Abstract 
 
In April 2016, PolicyPal Pte. Ltd (Singapore Company Registration Number : 201610784K) 
(“PolicyPal Tech”), an affiliate of the Token Issuer, launched an insurance application known as 
“PolicyPal” which employed the use of machine learning and artificial intelligence to simplify 
and digitise insurance for end users to seamlessly manage their existing policies.  
 
With the advent and exponential growth of blockchain technology, the Token Issuer is 
endeavouring to harness this technology and create a decentralised platform to not only 
facilitate the purchase of insurance policies but to also serve as a secure validation engine for 
policy payouts.  
  
The Token Issuer will be building a platform (“PolicyPal Network”) with a two-fold vision of 
addressing key issues that overlap the fields of both insurance and cryptocurrencies in the world 
today. 
  
The first issue is that millions of unbanked people are without adequate access to insurance 
protection in developing countries around the world. Through our platform, we aim to lower the 
barriers associated with traditional insurance coverage for these groups of people. Ultimately, 
our main mission is to harness the advancements in the field of blockchain technology to bridge 
the gap between consumers in developing countries and insurance providers by providing a 
new level of accessibility to the insurance ecosystem. 
  
PolicyPal Network plans to achieve this by leveraging partnerships in these emerging markets 
to serve the millions currently without access to protection due to complex buying processes 
and high insurance premiums.   
  
The second problem deals with the overall security of cryptoassets. The increasing occurrence 
of major hacks on both cryptocurrency exchanges and wallets over the past few years resulting 
in significant losses of funds has left many with a desire for some form of insurance on their 
digital assets. We seek to offer a range of robust protection plans for both commercial 
companies and individual investors against a loss of funds resulting from operational 
deficiencies like hacks.   
  
PolicyPal Singapore – an affiliate of the Token Issuer and which is regulated under the 
Insurance Act and Financial Advisers Act – presently has a diverse list of insurers already 
partnered with it for conventional insurance products. Together with PolicyPal Singapore’s 
network of global insurance partners, the Token Issuer will be working to create offerings that 
address this urgent issue in the cryptocurrency space. 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

16 

 
How PolicyPal started 
 
A slew of unfortunate events that befell the Token Issuer’s CEO, Val Yap, served as a major 
catalyst for her establishment of PolicyPal Tech and the creation of PolicyPal. After a claim on 
an insurance policy was rejected for her mother’s cancer diagnosis in 2013, the family had a 
difficult time pouring through large stacks of insurance documentation before discovering the 
reason that the claim was rejected. One prior lapse in the prior years they were unaware of, had 
caused that policy to become void. 
  
Within the same year, her father passed away as a result of heart attack. Once again, she faced 
a similar challenge such that she held inadequate information concerning her father’s coverage. 
Val had to physically visit multiple insurer branch offices to ascertain the details of his policy and 
the payout. 
  
Understanding the large repercussions one might face without proper insurance policy 
management and bookkeeping in a time of need, she felt strongly about people having access 
to an alternative that would address this problem. These difficult episodes ultimately inspired Val 
to leave a cushy banking career and create PolicyPal and to also establish PolicyPal Tech and 
subsequently, PolicyPal Singapore.   
 
Today, PolicyPal Singapore is a registered direct insurance broker in Singapore, working with 
global insurance companies: Allianz, AIG, Aviva, AXA, Income, Etiqa, Manulife, Sompo, Liberty, 
Ergo, MSIG, Singapore Life, Tokio Marine and Chubb. 

 
Introduction 
 
The concept of insurance spans a large part of our history and its earliest roots can be traced to 
as far back as the 3rd B.C with the Chinese merchants. To insure their cargo against potential 
losses during the course of transportation, they reduced their risk by spreading them across 
multiple boats for the fear that any of the boats failed to reach their intended destinations. 
 
The basic modern insurance structure we are familiar with today comprises of carriers and 
policyholders connected through middleman agents responsible for much of their sales. Despite 
posing figures accounting for US$3.92 trillion or 5.7% of the world’s economic output, the 
behemoth which is the global insurance ecosystem is still largely bogged down by an archaic 
“One Size Fits All” approach and has not significantly innovated itself towards greater 
efficiencies. 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

17 

The processes of insurance companies have still surprisingly not fully caught up with the 
burgeoning Insurtech space meant to revolutionise them. Innovative technologies such as the 
blockchain have been gaining traction within this sphere and are necessary among a host of 
complementing pairings like Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to disrupt the confines 
of the present ecosystem.  
 

Growth in the Insurance Industry 
 
According to a market report by Munich Re, the global insurance industry is likely to see 
continued growth in 2018 with the biggest increase coming from Asia. The Asian market has the 
largest growth potential and its market share of primary insurance premiums is expected to be 
on par with Europe within the next few years. The international primary insurance sector is 
projected to grow by 4.5% per annum in both 2017 and 2018.    
 
Asia and Latin American have been among the largest contributors for life insurance premium 
growth with emerging markets steadily gaining a foothold in the global insurance industry. Their 
market share of the anticipated additional premium volume is expected to rise from 20% in 2016 
to 47% by 2025. The rising standards of living and an increased demand for protection 
coverage in emerging markets are two major factors responsible for this. Interest rate hikes and 
demographic trends may also boost the life insurance segment in industrialised countries.  
 
By 2025, the market share of emerging markets in Asia is expected to be at 21.4%, drawing 
close to Europe (24.5%) while North America will still control the largest segment at 27.8%. 

 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

18 

The insurance industry has begun to react to mounting pressure in a number of industrialised 
countries. Insurance companies have increasingly been developing their business models and 
partnering with technology startups known as “Insurtechs” to explore new products and 
distribution channels while looking into new risks such as cyber security. This has created a new 
host of business and partnership opportunities for both parties. 
 

Untapped Insurance Markets in Emerging Countries 
  
The insurance climate in emerging countries around the world is still largely untapped as 
compared to their developed counterparts. While Emerging Asia consists of 43% of the world’s 
population, they only accounted for a significantly smaller 13% of global insurance premiums in 
2016. The disparity between average incomes and the steeper premium costs tied to traditional 
insurance premiums and distribution channels has been a primary contributing factor to a 
hugely underpenetrated insurance market for the mostly unbanked population of these 
countries. 
  
Developing countries like Indonesia and the Philippines cover a vast geographical landmass 
spread across thousands of islands. A conventional insurance ecosystem consisting of 
distribution agents, brokers and banks is simply not viable in these circumstances due to high 
costs and inefficiency. However, the growth of mobile payment systems in emerging markets is 
increasingly being used as a way to efficiently scale the insurance ecosystem and tap these 
relatively untouched markets. For example, Kenya’s population has a comparatively lower 
accessibility to banking systems than the developed world but has a highly developed mobile 
payment system (M-PESA) that is on par with many developed countries like the U.S. 
  
A big portion of Asia’s 4.4 billion population is still heavily underinsured as compared to the 
west. A study by Swiss Re found that the mortality protection gap in the Asia Pacific was as 
large as US$58 trillion in 2014; in India for example, out for every US$100 needed for 
protection, only US$7.8 of savings and insurance was in place for a typical household, leaving a 
massive mortality protection gap of US$92.2. 
  
Insurtech innovation is on the cusp of further disrupting and making headways into the industry. 
Insurtech could spur total cost savings of around US$300 billion a year for the Asian insurance 
industry by 2025, as reported by UBS. It is poised to exponentially accelerate market 
penetration in emerging countries as the number of uninsured grows and along with it, a 
demand for risk protection. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

19 

Challenges in the Insurance Industry 
 
The widespread adoption of new consumer technologies across multiple industries has 
generated a new set of demands and expectations for insurance solutions and interaction 
channels. However, insurers are still experiencing multiple internal barriers and challenges 
within the digital realm and many have been unable to “rewire” their businesses. This can be 
attributed to an internally focused business that has not been subjected to the same level of 
consumer pressures that other sectors e.g. the retail industry face today. 
 
Presently, a significant portion of the insurance landscape is still characterised by an excess 
amount of intermediaries made up of agents and adjustors operating from inefficient record 
keeping legacy systems. This glut has resulted in an increasingly frustrating experience for 
policy management among consumers faced with revolving agents handling policies they might 
not be familiar with. 
 
More importantly, the overall opaque nature of the insurance industry especially during a 
potential payout scenario can cause a large amount of stress for the claimant with all the data 
collection required. 
 
There is an increasing demand to swiftly acquire the information needed to grasp the 
implications for a policy and to purchase it without being forced through too many hoops. 
 

 
PolicyPal Network Vision 
 

 
 
Our mission is to transform the digital insurance space and fill a gaping void of digital 
protection that is in demand by a new breed of consumers. In the volatile and fast-moving 
space of cryptocurrencies, cryptoassets are frequently exposed to an ever-changing 
combination of threats like wallet breaches and exchange hacks. We offer comprehensive 
protection plans that will completely alter the perception of risk in the cryptocurrency space 
when securing your cryptoassets. 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

20 

We envision a digital future where insurance and cryptoassets seamlessly overlap without 
any friction. We aim to achieve the end goal where cryptoasset holders are adequately 
covered taking into account the existing risks and the barriers of entry for digital protection to 
the under-insured are significantly reduced. 
 

Utilising Blockchain Technology for Insurance 
 
The blockchain is a decentralised time-stamped ledger that grants the ability for records to be 
irrevocably stored. With the ability to drastically alter the way consumers and businesses 
interact, its revolutionary possibilities can be compared to the Internet. 
 
In the context of the insurance ecosystem, the blockchain provides wide-ranging improvements 
that can drastically improve and upgrade both the user experience and its interactions with 
consumers. 
 
A fundamental but important use-case involves the secure, time-stamped storage of a policy 
holder’s relevant information. This eliminates cumbersome duplicate resubmissions that could 
potentially lead to data loss. In the U.S., there is a staggering US$7.4 billion in unclaimed life 
insurance money from beneficiaries who are unable to reconcile the policies of their next-of-kin 
who have passed on. A secure and public registry on the blockchain recording the relevant data 
during the onset of the policy would have avoided this issue. 
 
Another facet of the blockchain is smart contracts which can be programmed to handle 
insurance payouts automatically. One of the many viable applications for them involves flight 
insurance claims for insured tickets in the event that a flight is cancelled or delayed.  
 
Most importantly, a greater degree of transparency afforded by the blockchain during the 
reconciliation process generates increased level of trust with the consumer. 
 

Advantages of Blockchain in Insurance 
 
The Blockchain technology offers a whole new set of evolutionary inroads in the insurance 
space across a wide range of areas. These include reduced transactional costs, refined 
processes that promotes trust amongst all parties and increased transparency across the entire 
insurance journey. A couple of its main benefits are: 
  

1. Automated Policy Claims: The use of smart contracts in combination with trusted third-
party data sources allows for policy claims to be processed automatically, significantly 
cutting down on the handling time synonymous with traditional insurance models. 

  
2. Reduction in Insurance Fraud: Data immutability and transparency on the ledger 

serves to significantly reduce insurance fraud in comparison to traditional insurance 
models. 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

21 

 

 
 
Blockchain is more suitable if the following conditions are fulfilled: 
• Involves multiple parties 
• Involves new intermediaries 
• No need for a central trusted authority for executing various transactions 
• Accurate record of the date and time of each transaction needs to be captured 
• Retroactive manipulation of data is not encouraged 
• Multiple uses of the same data is possible by different stakeholders 
 

PolicyPal Network 
 
PolicyPal Network is a non-regulated platform built with the vision of granting millions of 
unbanked people access to insurance protection by lowering the barriers associated with 
traditional insurance coverage. We aim to harness the advancements in the field of blockchain 
technology to bridge the gap between consumers in developing countries and insurance 
providers by providing a new level of accessibility to the insurance ecosystem.  
 
PolicyPal Network plans to achieve this by leveraging a host of firm existing partnerships in 
these emerging markets to serve the millions currently without access to protection due to 
complex buying processes and high insurance premiums.   
 
PolicyPal Network enables transactions to be processed with less friction through a secure, 
shared ledger and improves on operational efficiency. 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

22 

 
Access 

• Giving the unbanked the access to protection 
 

Automation 
• Instant claims settlement via smart contracts on the blockchain 
 

Trust 
• Transparency and accountability among network participants. 
 

What are the Challenges faced by the Crypto 
community? 
 
One of the largest issues concerning cryptocurrencies and its widespread adoption has always 
been its security during storage. These include the various online and offline wallets as well as a 
host of different coin exchanges where many people store their digital assets. Unfortunately, a 
series of hacks and incidents over the years across these platforms has left a negative 
impression on the wider public. 
 
The most widely known event was the closure of the MtGox exchange in February 2014 that 
caused an estimated 850,000 bitcoins (US$450 million at the time) to go missing. This was 
followed by another hack on the Bitfinex coin exchange in 2016 where hackers stole 
approximately 120,000 bitcoins (US$72 million at the time). Even crypto wallets are not entirely 
fool-proof from cyber-attacks with the Parity Multisig Wallet successfully breached as recent as 
this year in July 2017, allowing hackers to steal 150,000 ETH ($30 million at the time) from 
multiple wallets. 
 
There is a clear and growing demand for insurance products in the cryptocurrency sphere for 
both commercial entities like exchanges or wallets as well as consumers aimed at insuring them 
against losses from cyber-attacks or logistical failures. A move towards greater insurance 
coverage in the cryptocurrency asset space would see increased adoption and further legitimise 
it. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

23 

 
First Product Line: CryptoProtect Service for Global Market 
  
Total market cap for Cryptocurrency on 23rd December 2017: US$500 billion 
 
CryptoProtect – Cyber security service in partnership with Insurers to protect cryptocurrency 
assets. 
 
We have observed a strong demand for cryptocurrency asset insurance due to the fear in 
consumers that their wallets and accounts on exchange could be hacked. With the prices of 
both Bitcoin and Ethereum surging to record highs, consumers who are using cryptocurrency 
wallets and trading on exchanges will increasingly look out for solutions and hedge their risk. 
 
CryptoProtect will be distributed by PolicyPal Singapore and underwritten by “AA” rated global 
insurers and it will protect assets of blockchain startups in the initial launch. Future plans include 
insuring cryptowallets on a personal level, similar to mechanics of car insurance. 
 
Coverage Benefits 
• Data breach liability - for personal data 
• Network security liability - for hacked or compromised systems including denial of service 
attacks 
• Restoration costs for data & programs - resulting from a cyber business interruption event 
• Hacker theft cover - based upon theft of funds 
 
Currently, we are exploring the following options: 

1. Premiums can be paid on cryptocurrency. 
2. Premiums paid in fiat currency with fixed sum assured on the losses. 

 
Current status: In talks with "AA" rated global insurers.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

24 

Traditional Insurance Distribution and Claims 
 
Traditional insurance businesses have many different layers and processes which costs 
insurance premiums to be pricier. The traditional model of insurance distribution – agents, 
brokers, IFAs, banks – is extremely costly and inefficient in reaching extensive geographical 
area, 

 
Traditional claim process is time-consuming process with plenty of documentation involving the 
agent, surveyor and claim assessor. Often takes weeks from accident to claim payment.  
 

 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

25 

What is P2P Global Mutual Aid Insurance 
 

 
 
The Token issuer intends to introduce P2P mutual aid insurance on the PolicyPal Network, 
targeted at lowering barriers of entry for the unbanked who traditionally do not have insurance 
protection due to the costly premiums as compared to their income. The combined risk is 
spread amongst a larger group of people to significantly lower each individual’s contribution. It 
can be viewed as a platform to facilitate risk-sharing and provide a mutually beneficial form of 
financial assistance by lowering the aid threshold for members while increasing their aid 
limitations.  
 
There will be a monthly membership fee of US$X for each member who can apply up to a 
maximum coverage of US$X. If a member’s account is fully depleted, he will be sent reminders 
to keep it topped up before his policy lapses after 30 days if the account balance remains 
empty. The P2P global aid mutual aid insurance will not be offered in Singapore. 
 
As a result of being developed on the blockchain, the P2P mutual aid insurance platform 
eliminates any false claims or insurance fraud due to its transparency and data immutability. 
The transparency of data removes any uncertainty that can arise from data corruption from 
service providers and addresses the important issue of trust on the platform. Individual records 
can also be easily retrieved at low cost with claims matching and monitoring made efficient via 
the use of smart contracts. This is a step up from the present blockchain implementation with a 
focus on trust while the use of smart contracts to revolutionise insurance policies has not been 
fully realised yet. 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

26 

 
Below is the example of how blockchain can automate the claims process. 
 

 
 
By addressing the issue of trust, P2P mutual aid insurance overcomes a huge scalability 
obstacle stemming from members unknown to one another coming together to lower their 
shared level of risk. With support from big data and our partnerships in emerging markets, we 
believe insurance inclusion can be attained for these group of people especially in the rural 
areas of the country through better understanding and compatible pricing.    
 
 

Second Product Line: P2P Mutual Aid Insurance for Emerging 
Markets 
  
The aim of this P2P mutual aid insurance is to create “insurance powered by communities”, 
where the more members they have, the stronger the platform becomes. 
 
The smart contracts automate the underwriting of policies and claims handling powered by 
PolicyPal Network blockchain.  



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

27 

 
A. Agricultural Insurance 
 
Agricultural insurance protects against the loss of or damage to crops or livestock. It has great 
potential to provide value to low-income farmers and their communities, by both protecting 
farmers when shocks occur and encouraging greater investment in crops. However, in practice 
its effectiveness has often been constrained by the difficulty of designing good products and 
access to it. Agricultural microinsurance is index-based, providing farmers with payouts tied to 
the performance of an index (such as a rainfall gauge), rather than indemnifying them for crop 
losses actually experienced.   
 

B. Property Insurance 
 
Property insurance products can cover the loss of, or damage to real property (such as a home 
or place of business) or personal property and assets (including business inventory, personal 
goods or machinery) from causes such as fire, weather, or theft. These may include coverage in 
the aftermath of catastrophic events including earthquakes, hurricanes and tornadoes. 
 
Catastrophic risk in property insurance contracts is extremely costly and difficult to ascertain, 
and is almost always supported by a reinsurance contract. 
 

C. Personal Accident Plan 
 
Personal accident insurance gives the insured the comprehensive financial protection in times 
of need. It includes accidental death and accidental permanent disablement cover, which will 
provide a monetary sum as well as hospitalisation allowance. 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

28 

 

D. Life Insurance 
 
Life insurance is a form of financial protection or coverage. Monetary support will be given to the 
insured’s family to ensure minimal disruption to their lifestyle. To do that, it entails providing 
adequate cover for the insured’s family's daily expenses.  
 
What is the joining criteria for P2P mutual aid insurance?  
 
Members pay a joining fee of US$X and a monthly membership fee. Members are grouped into 
pools of 5,000 each and memberships are pooled to assist the claims payout.  
 

● Joining fee of US$X  
● Waiting period: 30 days 
● Covers loss of or damage to crops or livestock, for instance 
● Policyholder puts US$X per month membership into the Pool 

 
PolicyPal Network will take a small % of the premiums as administrative fees. There will be 
protection coverage for both loss and damage for non-life insurance. As for life insurance, there 
will be protection coverage in terms of death, injury and disability. 
 
At this juncture, this P2P mutual aid insurance initiative of the Token Issuer on the 
PolicyPal Network is in planning phase and the intention is to offer P2P mutual aid 
insurance only outside of Singapore. The Token Issuer will be in consultation with legal 
advisers in the jurisdictions where such P2P mutual aid insurance is eventually to be 
offered to ensure compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.  
 
 

Benefits of PolicyPal Network  
 

● 24/7 availability  
● Real-time transactions 
● Transparency of information 
● Automated validation 
● Security and confidentiality 
● Audit trail and full transaction history 
● Resiliency through the use of smart contracts 
● Efficiency 

 
 

PolicyPal Network Partnerships 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

29 

The Token Issuer will be working with trusted partners in emerging countries to distribute the 
proposed P2P mutual-aid insurance products. We have spent the last few months engaging in 
talks with partners in countries such as Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar etc.  
 
Our trusted partners may belong to one or more of these categories: technology startups, 
telecom, conglomerates, convenience stores and many more. There will be stringent 
requirements and criteria when we onboard our trusted partners. Once PolicyPal Network is 
fully operational, our partners will play key roles in identity verification of the user as well as 
verification of claim documents to ensure there is no fraud or scams.  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

30 

Token Ecosystem 
 

 
 
PolicyPal Network will be the data platform where we aggregate various parties from token 
holders, trusted partners, insurers, insurer agents and third-party data sources into the 
ecosystem. The parties involved will carry out different activities to play a part in the growth of 
the ecosystem. In return, the parties involved will be incentivised with PolicyPal Network Tokens 
for the work they have done. 
 
PolicyPal Network will aggregate the information of the consumers to underwrite the insurance 
policies, verify identity documents and process the claims payment. Third-party data sources 
including hospitals, clinics, index weather statistics, death registries and various authorities will 
be linked to PolicyPal Network platform to automate claims payouts for the policyholders.  
 
PolicyPal Singapore’s existing insurance partners and insurance agents can also play a part in 
the ecosystem by joining as the insurance product distributors. Token holders can contribute by 
suggesting new types of insurance products to be insured and assisting with the marketing of 
insurance policies among the community. The parties involved in helping to market and form the 
community can earn bonus PolicyPal Network Tokens when the pool they helped to form has 
lower claim ratio as compared to the average claim ratio in the same city/state. 
 
PolicyPal Network’s smart contracts will include weather condition triggers, fraud detection and 
pricing algorithm adjustment. The whole process will be traceable and transparent to all parties 
involved, cutting down the back-and-forth communications required for policy inception and 
claims payout with various parties. PolicyPal Network ensures that payouts of claims are 
accountable with the P2P mutual aid insurance pool visible to all parties involved in the 
ecosystem. Our secured blockchain design will ensure the privacy and confidentiality of the 
sensitive information.  



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

31 

High-level overview of PolicyPal Network 
 
PolicyPal Network will use Ethereum Blockchain for our alpha and beta release, and work with 
PolicyPal Tech on the development of the PolicyPal Network. 
 

 
 
PolicyPal Application  
PolicyPal Tech uses different technologies for both the Web and Mobile versions of the 
PolicyPal application. 
  
Web: Django is PolicyPal Tech’s core framework for building on the web. Django is a free and 
open-source web framework used by companies such as Instagram, Disqus and Pinterest. 
  
Mobile: React Native is a framework created by Facebook and supported by a huge community 
of JS and native developers. PolicyPal Tech uses React Native and Redux for application 
rendering and state handling. Both iOS and Android versions of the PolicyPal application are 
developed on the same code base thus saving time and cost. Its architecture is well-tuned to 
mobile devices hence its performance is as good as native applications. 
  
PolicyPal Tech uses HTTPS/SSL to encrypt communications between the front-end 
(web/mobile apps) and back-end services (RESTful), and prevent man-in-the-middle 
attacks/eavesdropping and the likes. 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

32 

PolicyPal Network Partners App 
We will be working with various trusted partners across emerging markets. Users in these 
markets will be able to purchase our products via partners through API integration. 
  
PolicyPal Tech API 
PolicyPal Tech runs its API on a hybrid model. On the lower levels, PolicyPal Tech uses both 
Go and Python for PolicyPal application’s API. These two languages power most of the services 
of PolicyPal Tech. Go, a programming language created at Google, was adopted for 
performance reasons. It has the ability to handle memory and concurrent requests efficiently, 
making the API fast and extremely scalable. 
  
PolicyPal Tech utilises token-based authentication/OAuth2 for authentication and authorisation. 
This ensures that PolicyPal Tech can safely control the permissions to access specific 
resources through its RESTful services, and specify the desirable duration for each token. 
  
A beta version of the app is used internally to continuously test new developments before they 
reach users. Automated internal testing tools are also used to perform integration tests on 
PolicyPal Tech’s APIs. 
 
PolicyPal Network Dapp 
In our initial launch, the Dapp will be a simple interface for PolicyPal Network members to check 
on the bonus PolicyPal Network Tokens received when they purchase insurance policies from 
PolicyPal Singapore’s existing business – PolicyPal.com or PolicyPal App. 
 
In Q2-Q3 2018, we will share more Dapps built on PolicyPal Network which will synergise with 
our vision of insurance inclusion for emerging markets.  
 
PolicyPal Network Protocol  
The Protocol will enable the interaction and transmission of data between the blockchain and 
application interfaces. 
 
Database and IPFS 
In production, PolicyPal Tech uses Amazon RDS with the MySQL 5.7 database engine. 
PolicyPal Tech ensures that the database has high scalability, availability and durability by 
allocating data on multiple active data centers. 
  
PolicyPal Network database will be encrypted using industry standard AES-256 encryption 
algorithm. This provides an additional layer of data protection by securing the data from 
unauthorised access to the underlying storage.  
 
Ethereum provides a facility for decentralised storage. Unfortunately, the solution offered today 
by Ethereum is rather expensive. To store information on that blockchain, one needs to pay 
20,000 gas just for a single instruction to store 32 bytes of data -- about $0.02 for an average 
4gwei for gas price.  



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

33 

 
When scaled by the number of transactions expected to go through PolicyPal Network, the GAS 
fees alone reach millions of dollars. For our current roadmap, we will adopt IPFS and off-chain 
database to store information. 

 
PolicyPal Network Blockchain 
 
At the first stage of the launch, PolicyPal Network will be developed on the Ethereum 
Blockchain as a proof of concept. Following that, we will build and develop our very own 
PolicyPal Network Blockchain based off a private fork of Ethereum codebase which will be 
tailored for our insurance products across multiple markets. It will consider including two side 
chains – Plasma for scaling and PPSecure for privacy and security. 
  
We bear in mind the limitation of the Ethereum Blockchain, noting the number of transactions 
per second on the network and the confirmation settlement time. Once the network is fully 
launched, PolicyPal Network Blockchain is expected to handle high volumes of transactions 
across different markets to serve their insurance needs. PolicyPal network will be integrated 
with our distribution partners in the emerging countries and the transactions should ideally be 
settled instantly to ensure policies are incepted when premiums are collected. At this moment, 
the public Ethereum Blockchain takes an average of 25 seconds to be processed. We will 
consider using Plasma as an offchain to ensure the scalability of transactions on PolicyPal 
Network Blockchain. 
  
Another key consideration for the development of our own blockchain is the sensitive personal 
details shared during the inception of insurance policies. We are exploring our own sidechain -
PPSecure built with zk-SNARKS to ensure the control on privacy of data such that national ID, 
name, age are not shared on the public network. 
 
PolicyPal Network insurance products will be powered by smart contracts with additional special 
features such as weather conditions, special claims condition etc. The PolicyPal Network smart 
contract will be compatible with both the PolicyPal Network Blockchain and the existing ERC20 
Standard. 
  
For the Blockchain to be operational, a method of consensus has to be achieved to ensure that 
every transaction on the Blockchain is verified and secured. In line with our vision of inclusive 
insurance for the emerging markets, we will be adopting Proof-of-Stake (POS) such that the 
community and our trusted partners will be operating network nodes to support the vision of 
PolicyPal Network. 
  



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

34 

Every transaction on PolicyPal Network Blockchain will be subjected to fees to ensure that the 
network functions properly and the community plays a part in POS. The fees will be specified in 
units of gas and the gas price will be quoted in the number of PolicyPal Network Tokens. The 
gas price for each transaction will differ based on the transaction and the amount of system 
resources needed. Later on, the gas price per transaction will be calculated similarly to how gas 
prices are on Ethereum. 
 
In the first 2 years of PolicyPal Network Blockchain, the gas fees collected in PolicyPal Network 
tokens from the above transactions will go towards the incentive for PolicyPal Network 
Blockchain pool. From the third year onwards, the tokens collected will be burnt immediately 
upon the transactions taking place, so as to limit the supply of tokens. 
 
 

PolicyPal Network Token Holders Benefits 
 
Utility:  
Participate in surveys regarding the development of new features for PolicyPal Network and 
receive bonus PolicyPal Network Tokens for their work. 
 
Participate in new insurance products survey forms and earn bonus PolicyPal Network Tokens 
when the product is launched.  
 
Participate in marketing referral programme to form the community for the insurance pool and 
earn bonus PolicyPal Network Tokens for their work. 
 
Members can purchase insurance policies on the PolicyPal Singapore platform using the 
PolicyPal Network Tokens. 
 
 
Rewards for Insurance Spending :  
Members gets additional 2% bonus rewards in PolicyPal Network Tokens when purchasing 
insurance policies on the PolicyPal Singapore platform. 
 
Community: 
Token holders play a key part in powering the PolicyPal Network blockchain through Proof-of-
Stake (POS).  
 
Interoperability:  
The PolicyPal Network Token will be designed to be maximally interoperable with existing 
Ethereum Token Standard ERC20 infrastructure.      
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

35 

The PolicyPal Network Tokens are utility tokens whose entire value derives from the services 
provided by the PolicyPal Network in exchange for holding or consumption of the PolicyPal 
Network Tokens, as detailed above. They are not intended for speculation and hold no claim to 
intellectual or other property or cash flows.  
 
They grant no right to participation in the Token Issuer or any other entity, and no claim in 
decision making over the Token Issuer or any other entity’s assets or strategy. There is no 
promise of value or claim on revenue associated with PolicyPal Network Tokens or other 
benefits other than that derived from platform usage.  
 

Survey Participation Mechanism 
 
PolicyPal Network makes use of a surveying process to allow the community to determine what 
product features and insurance product ideas they would like to see built and deployed on the 
network in the future.  
 
To participate in the survey, token holders will participate via MetaMask, Parity wallet or 
MyEtherWallet. 
 
Note: You may only participate once for each idea per address at a time. No PolicyPal Network 
Tokens are transferred when completing the survey. Your participation can be changed at any 
time by taking part in the survey again from the same address. 
 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

36 

 
PolicyPal Network Token Sale 
 
Our Token Sale will consist 50% of all PolicyPal Network Tokens that will ever be generated. 
Further details will be announced via our website, telegram and blog. 

 
Use of Proceeds 
 
To accomplish the development milestone goals described above, the funds received from the 
Token Sale are expected to be allocated as follows: 
 

     



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

37 

 
Token Issuer / PolicyPal Singapore 

 
● The PolicyPal Network will be built and operated by Token Issuer (or a designated affiliate 

thereof other than PolicyPal Singapore). The Token Issuer is not regulated under the 
Insurance Act or the Financial Advisers Act.  
 

● The Token Issuer is an affiliate of PolicyPal Singapore, which has been registered as a 
registered direct insurance broker under the Insurance Act with effect from 1 September 
2017. PolicyPal Singapore is also an exempt financial adviser under the Financial Advisers 
Act. 

 

PolicyPal Singapore’s Current Solution in the Market 
 
PolicyPal Singapore seeks to address a glaring issue faced by consumers in their attempt to 
interact with the insurance purchasing process from start to finish. With all their documents 
stored in an analog world of paper documentations and excel sheets, managing them can be 
complex especially during an emergency. 
  
Through the use of Optical Character Recognition (“OCR”), taxonomy and rule based 
algorithms, PolicyPal Singapore seeks to solve the problem by digitising all the policies and 
automating the analytical process. PolicyPal Singapore requires only 30 seconds for to digitise a 
single policy and the algorithms determine coverage gaps to provide a personalised 
recommendation on optimal changes. PolicyPal Singapore hope to collectively raise the 
benchmark for insurance knowledge and accessibility among the public throughitstargeted 
approach. 
 
The present challenges are reflected by a 30% attrition rate afflicting the insurance sector. 
According to the Singapore Business Review, 68% of Singaporeans perceived insurance as 
confusing resulting in longer purchase delays. 24% of them were unhappy and dissatisfied 
about the lack of transparency in insurance. 
 
With digital engagement and automation, PolicyPal has already accumulated a user base of 
about 30,000 in Singapore alone since its launch 12 months ago. With the inception of 
PolicyPal Network, we envisage further process refinement to the personalised insurance and 
streamlined insurance policy management offered by PolicyPal.  
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

38 

 
PolicyPal Singapore’s Insurance Partners 
 
PolicyPal Singapore has a steadily growing list of partnerships with global insurance companies 
to extract and utilise their data for the purposes of building Application Programming Interfaces 
(APIs) to obtain instant quotations and product information for customised consumer coverage 
profiles. 
 

 
 

PolicyPal Singapore aggregates crucial and private data on insurance premiums, policyholder 
demographics, claims data and family profiles. PolicyPal Singapore is then able to identify gaps 
in the market for their partners to co-create new products with the insurer. To date, PolicyPal 
Singapore has been distributing a range of insurance products to consumers. They include 
mosquito-borne disease, mobility, personal accidents, bike coverage, critical illness, 
hospitalisation, disability income, motor insurance, endowment life insurance, term life 
insurance and retirement life insurance plans. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

39 

PolicyPal Singapore – First Graduate of MAS 
Fintech Sandbox 
  
The MAS has been encouraging more Fintech experimentation so that promising innovations 
can be tested in the market and has a chance for wider adoption in Singapore and abroad. The 
regulatory sandbox will enable financial institutions as well as Fintech players to experiment with 
innovative financial products or services in the production environment but within a well-defined 
space and duration. It shall also include appropriate safeguards to contain the consequences of 
failure and maintain the overall safety and soundness of the financial system. It is a live 
environment where financial institutions and Fintech startups can test new products and 
services. 
 
In addition to being the first startup selected to enter the MAS Fintech Sandbox in March 2017, 
PolicyPal Tech is the first startup to have successfully graduated from the sandbox program in 
August 2017 and the only one so far. With its graduation from the sandbox program, PolicyPal 
Tech has proven its technology to be innovative and beneficial to the public. 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

40 

 
Media Coverage for PolicyPal Singapore 
 

 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

41 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

42 

PolicyPal Tech, PolicyPal Singapore and PolicyPal 
Network – Milestones 
 
April 2016 - Startupbootcamp Fintech 
PolicyPal Tech Selected by Startupbootcamp Fintech Singapore to be the top 10 startups to be 
accelerated out of 400 over startups that applied across APAC. 
 
July 2016 - Beta Launch 
PolicyPal Tech launched Beta Insurance Policy Management App within 10 weeks of 
development. 
 
Oct 2016 - Raised seed round from 500 Startups 
PolicyPal Tech raised seed funding round from 500 startups and undisclosed angel investors. 
 
Jan 2017 - INCOME Future Starter 
PolicyPal Tech joined Singapore’s first Insurtech focused accelerator programme. It is jointly 
organised by Singapore insurance giant, NTUC Income and SGInnovate. 
 
Feb 2017 - Spring Singapore 
PolicyPal Tech awarded ACE grant of S$50,000 from Spring Singapore, an agency under the 
Ministry of Trade and Industry, Singapore Government. 
 
Mar 2017 - Enter Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) Fintech Sandbox 
PolicyPal Tech was the first startup to enter MAS Fintech Sandbox to experiment digital broker 
distribution. 
 
April 2017 - CEO named Forbes 30 Under 30 
Our CEO, Val Yap received Forbes accolade in 2017 for Forbes 30 Under 30 Asia in Finance 
category. 
 
July 2017 - PayPal Singapore Incubator 
PolicyPal Tech is one of the three startups selected for PayPal incubation 2017, working with 
global mentors to co-innovate new business processes. 
 
Aug 2017 - Research and development for PolicyPal Network 
Started working on developing the whitepaper and designing the technical concepts for 
PolicyPal Network. 
 
Sep 2017 - Received registered direct insurance broker license in Singapore 
PolicyPal Singapore is registered as a registered direct insurance broker under the Insurance 
Act and exempted financial adviser under the Financial Advisers Act. 
 
Oct 2017 - Google Asia Pacific StartonAndroid Program  



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

43 

PolicyPal Singapore is one of the four startups selected by Google for StartonAndroid program 
in Asia.  
 
 
Nov 2017 - Prudential Fintegrate Programme Partnership  
PolicyPal Singapore was selected as one of the top six startups for Prudential Fintegrate 
programme, which seeks to collaborate with fintech startups in Singapore and globally, and to 
co-develop digital solutions for customers.  
 

PolicyPal Tech and PolicyPal Singapore – Selected 
Achievements and Awards 
 

● Seedstars Singapore Finalist 2016 
● Slush Singapore Top 6 Finalist 2016 
● Mondato Summit Asia Finalist 2016 
● NTT Data Singapore Special Award 2016 
● Next Money FF17 HK Finalist 2017 
● TiECON 2017 Singapore Finalist 2017 
● Digital Insurance Agenda Amsterdam Top 50 2017 
● Orange Fab Asia Winner Tokyo 2017 
● Gold Award - Asia Smart App Summit HK 2017 
● Inaugural Global Teochew Start-up Competition 2017 
● Unleash Pangea Award Madrid 2017 
● SiTF Awards Finalist 2017 
● T-Hero International Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition Singapore Winner 

 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

44 

 
PolicyPal Tech and PolicyPal Singapore – Selected 
Media Coverage 
 

● Straits Times: App that helps you manage your insurance matters 
● TechWorld: Eight of the coolest startups we met in Singapore last week 
● Hong Kong Economics Times: PolicyPal app  
● China Times: PolicyPal app  
● Today Online: PolicyPal Singapore to be first digitised direct insurance broker 
● Business Times: MAS nod for PolicyPal Singapore's sandbox experiment 
● Asia Insurance Review: Regulatory sandbox's 1st player is insurance app 
● Forbes Asia: 30 Under 30, Val Yap, CEO of PolicyPal in Finance Category 
● Nikkei: Singapore regulators apply 'sandbox' to support local fintech start-up 
● Channel News Asia: PolicyPal Singapore, first startup to graduate from sandbox after 30 

over applicants submitted for MAS fintech sandbox experience. 
● Business Insider: IBM helps launch insurance chatbot 
● UBS - Shifting Asia Insurtech Report: PolicyPal Interview 
● Tech in Asia - Singaporean insurtech startup PolicyPal Singapore secures seed funding 

from 500 Startups 
● E27 - Val Yap of PolicyPal talks the future of fintech, and why collaboration always 

matters 
● Imperial College London - Deputy PM hails 40 years of Singapore alumni excellence 
● The Asset - As fintech season kicks off in Asia’s financial hubs, how far have we come? 
● Yahoo News - 25 inspiring women entrepreneurs in Singapore 
● Vulcan Post: This Banker Left Her Job And Created An Insurance Tracking App That 

Might Save You Millions 
● EdgeMarkets MY - Cover Story: Insurtech to reshape industry 
● The Bridge - Orange Fab Asia Spring 2017 Seasonのデモデイが開催——

聴衆賞に輝いた保険選択支援の「PolicyPal」は、パリVivaTechへの参加権を獲得 
● 今日新聞 NOWnews : 還在趕銀行3點半？ 區塊鏈技術將打破金融業時限 
● Business Next: 當我們討論「金融監理沙盒」，我們說的是什麼 
● SINA  新浪新聞 : 星期專論/新加坡金融創新策略可供借鏡 
● 联合早报: PolicyPal下月起可在网上售保险 

 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

45 

 
Team 
 
The team is made up of 14 diverse individuals with a variety of backgrounds from insurance, 
finance and technology. 
 
Previous working experience: 
 

 
 
 

 
Val Yap 
Founder, CEO 
  
Val Yap is the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Founder at PolicyPal Tech, PolicyPal 
Singapore and the Token Issuer. Before establishing PolicyPal Tech and PolicyPal Singapore, 
Val held the post of Assistant Vice President at OCBC Bank which saw her responsible for 
launching a wide range of digital initiatives and campaigns key to rejuvenating the OCBC brand. 
These included the OCBC OneTouch campaign, which garnered 3 medals at the MOB-EX 
Awards 2016. 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

46 

Val previously served as a Risk Assurance Associate at the London Office for PwC, working 
with UK Financial Institutions to develop implementation plans following the new regulations of 
the USA Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA). Prior to her MSc at Imperial College 
London, Val was part of the Allianz motor broking team where she handled risk assessments 
and motor quotations. She was also recently named in Forbes’s 30 under 30 for the Finance & 
Venture Capital category and made the list for Linkedin’s Singapore Power Profiles 2017. 
  

 
Lucas Chua 
Chief Strategy Officer 
 
Lucas is the Chief Strategy Officer for the Token Issuer. He previously held the position of 
APAC Leader for IBM Global Entrepreneur Program, IBM Asia Pacific was responsible for 
helping more than 2000 startups integrate, scale and succeed on IBM Cloud and IBM Watson. 
He has worked with a wide range of startups spanning a diverse field that covers AI, Blockchain 
and Fintech among many others.  
 
Prior to IBM, he served as the CTO of TechinAsia where he led efforts to build up their platform 
and integrated key acquisitions. TechinAsia is a technology media company with a wide-
reaching coverage across Asia and has received funding from Softbank, East Ventures and 
Eduardo Saverin. 
  
In addition, Lucas is presently an advisor for BuzzVox. BuzzVox is a Singapore based 
Blockchain IOT startup that launched the first and largest deployment of Blockchain powered 
bicycle kiosks (Over 30) in partnership with the Singapore Government. He is also a key advisor 
to Singapore Management University’s entrepreneurship efforts and mentors at various top 
accelerators in Asia such as SBC: Fintech and UOB FinLab. Lucas graduated with a BSc in 
Information Systems from the Singapore Management University in Singapore. 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

47 

  
David Hoong 
Head of Broking 
 
David Hoong is the Head of Broking at PolicyPal Singapore. Prior to PolicyPal Singapore, he 
concurrently managed multiple roles with two separate insurance broking firms. In addition to 
being a Founder at Anda Insurance Broking, David also served as the General Manager at 
Anthola Insurance Broking. During his time at both broking firms, he held a wide span of 
responsibilities which included Insurer Communication, Sales and Marketing, Claims Service, 
Computerisation, Operations, Human Resources and was instrumental in ensuring continued 
growth and profitability for both companies. 
  
David grew Anda Insurance Broking into one of Singapore's leading independent insurance 
intermediaries with a strong focus in foreign domestic maid insurance and motor insurance 
before the company was eventually acquired by global brokerage giant Jardine Lloyd Thompson 
(JLT) in 2008. With nearly 25 years of insurance brokering experience, David plays a central 
role in formulating strategies and new policies for PolicyPal Singapore and the Token Issuer 
including opportunities for overseas expansion.    
 
 

 
KC Wong 
Tech Lead 
 
KC is a professional full stack developer with an extensive experience in a wide variety of 
programming languages including C++, GO, Python and Javascript to name a few. He is the 
lead on our blockchain development with previous experience in Hyperledger and Ethereum. He 
holds a deep interest in the cryptocurrency sphere since first learning about Ethereum 2 years 
ago and is a keen follower on developments within the space. 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

48 

 
Prior to PolicyPal Tech and the Token Issuer, KC was the first developer at another Singapore 
startup where he laid the technical groundwork and played a key role in building up their 
backend web infrastructure and mobile app (Swift). He was also responsible for developing a 
customized web content management system that served to further optimize statistical analysis 
and the daily operations of the company. 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

49 

 
Advisors 
 

 
Scott Walchek  
CEO, Founder - Trōv 
 
Scott is the founder and CEO of Trōv, the first personal digital repository for all things tangible. 
He is a successful serial technology entrepreneur who has built world-leading interactive media 
and internet technologies over the past 25 years, including Macromedia, Sanctuary Woods, 
C2B Technologies (acquired by Inktomi – now Yahoo!) and DebtMarket (acquired by 
Intercontinental Exchange). Scott was a co-lead investor and founding director of Baidu, China’s 
dominant internet search engine, which in 2005 completed the most successful IPO by a foreign 
company in NASD history. 
 

 
Yiseul Cho 
Managing Director - Zen9  
 
A  Massachusetts Institute of Technology graduate and ex-Facebooker, Yiseul joined HSBC HQ 
for its first ever Blockchain team as blockchain engineer in 2016 and led Blockchain analytics. 
She won the 1st place in Consensus hackathon in 2016 with drone blockchain protocol (the 1st 
picks of Consensys, Deloitte, Microsoft) and is an ex-founding partner of Blockchain Partners 
Korea (currently HASHED).  
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

50 

To experiment and explore the potential applications of blockchain and bring data analytics to 
blockchain, Yiseul set up London-based Blockchain technology consulting firm Zen9 Ltd in 
2015. The company provided consulting advice to Visa Card, a New York based investment 
bank, two blockchain technology startups and HSBC blockchain team. 
 
Yiseul also created the Hyperledger London meetup group (the biggest private blockchain 
technology community in the world focused on finance industry). In addition, she founded Asian 
Crypto Girl power (the group of influential female entrepreneurs in the Asian crypto space to 
support female developers and entrepreneurs) as well as Perceptra Network (blockchain startup 
accelerator). On top of that, she is currently a board member of 2 blockchain conferences and 
an advisor to the Token Issuer, ICON Foundation, MediBloc, Waves Platform, Nucleus Vision 
and The Bee Token.  
 
 

 
Vincent Loy  
Managing Director - Accenture  
 
A veteran with over 20 years of experience in the financial services industry, Vincent is a 
leading figure in the field and presently a partner on secondment for the financial crime and 
the cyber leader for the Asia Pacific region of PwC. While heading up their Financial Crime 
and Cyber Practice division, he also carried the dual responsibility of Financial Service Risk 
Assurance and Data Analytics leader for PwC Singapore. 
     
Prior to this, he served as a partner in PwC UK where he led their Financial Services 
Technology Risk practice. Vincent presently sits on the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(MAS) International Advisory Board on Cybersecurity and the NUS School of Computing 
Industry Advisory Board. He has also assisted the Singapore government by leading major 
growth studies on the country. Vincent is viewed as a thought leader and one of the go-to 
personalities which the international media frequently approaches for his views on new 
developments in the industry. 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

51 

 
Shaun Djie 
Co-Founder - DigixGlobal 
 
Shaun is the Co-Founder and COO of Digix Global, and is also the founder and lead organizer 
for Ethereum Singapore meetup group - the largest of its kind in Asia with almost 2,800 
members. Having been exposed to blockchain technology since its early days, he was involved 
in a paper for the MTI Smart Nation research on blockchain technology back in 2015. 
DigixGlobal, the first company to ever conduct a crowdsale on the Ethereum blockchain, was 
also the first company to conduct the first ever live transaction on Ethereum. 
 

 
Prof. David Lee Kuo Chuen 
Professor of Quantitative Finance - Singapore University of Social Sciences 
 
Prof David LEE Kuo Chuen, founder of several companies including Left Coast （左岸）, LiBai 
（李白）and Ferrell （富怡资产）Group. He is the founding investor in ZCash, Qtum and a few 
other blockchain （区块链）companies and cryptocurrency (加密货币). He is currently a 
professor in SIM University and is the 2015 Visiting Fulbright Scholar at Stanford University. He 
is a mentor to China Wanxiang’s Chainlab Accelerator （万向区块链新链加速器）, an advisor to 
Blockchain organisations, and was the Director of the Sim Kee Boon Institute for Financial 
Economics at Singapore Management University. He graduated with BSc, MSc and PhD from 
the London School of Economics and Political Science. He is a non-executive director of two 
listed companies.  
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

52 

He was the Group Managing Director of OUE and Auric Pacific. His operation and managing 
experience includes F&B, manufacturing, hospitality, hedge funds, stockbrokering, property 
management, property development, REITs, medical plastic components, listing and de-listing 
of companies, start-ups and multinationals. He is the editor and an author of the American 
Library Association Outstanding Award Reference Book titled “Digital Currency” by Elsevier and 
the LASIC model for scalable technology companies. He has been nominated by Internal 
Consulting Group as a Global Thought Leader for Fintech and Blockchain. 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

53 

 

 
Bo Shen 
Founding Partner 
Fenbushi Capital 
 
Mr. Bo Shen is the Founding Partner and General Partner at Fenbushi Capital. Mr. Shen 
founded Fenbushi Capital in 2015 as one of the first venture capital investors focusing 
exclusively on blockchain-enabled companies. He held prominent roles at several successful 
businesses, including Chief Executive Officer of DACx, Managing Partner of Confederated 
Asset Management and Chief Executive Officer of Shanghai HuaJi Holdings. He has been a 
Member of Advisory Board at Storj Labs, Inc. since November 16, 2017. Mr. Shen graduated 
with a Bachelor's Degree from the University of Shanghai for Science and Technology and a 
Master's Degree in Systems Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology. 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

54 

 
Investors 
 
PolicyPal Singapore is invested by 500 Startups, Startupbootcamp Fintech and angel investors 
from private equity firms and family offices. 
 
500 Startups 
 
500 Startups is a global venture capital seed fund headquartered in Silicon Valley with over 
$350M in committed capital. They have invested in technology startups globally since 2010 
including: SendGrid (NYSE:SEND), Twilio (NYSE: TWLO), Credit Karma, Grab, Udemy, Ipsy, 
Talkdesk, Intercom, MakerBot (acq’d by Stratasys), Wildfire (acq’d by Google), and Viki (acq’d 
by Rakuten).  
 
Startupbootcamp FinTech 
 
Startupbootcamp FinTech is the leading global accelerator focused on financial innovation, 
providing funding, mentorship, office space in the heart of London, Singapore and New York. 
TenX, who recently raised US$80M through token sales was in the pioneer Singapore batch.  
 
PayPal Incubation 
 
PolicyPal Singapore is one of the three startups selected by PayPal for their nine-month 
incubation programme based in Singapore. 
 
Fenbushi Capital 
 
Fenbushi Capital is one of the first and most active blockchain-focused venture capital firms in 
the world, founded in 2015 by Dr. Feng Xiao (Vice Chairman of Wanxiang Holdings), Vitalik 
Buterin (Founder of Ethereum), and Bo Shen (co-founder of BitShares), with a mission to build 
world class companies leveraging blockchain technology to change the world. To date, 
Fenbushi has supported over 50 talented teams around the world using blockchain to reshape 
myriad industries such as finance, healthcare, supply chain, and consumer goods. 
 
BlockAsset 
 
BlockAsset - Digital Asset Management entity that invests in a portfolio of leading digital assets; 
service include: fundraising to M&A, asset management to market research in the digital asset 
space. 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

55 

RoadMap 
 
Q1 2018 

• Launch of website and Whitepaper  
• Announcement of partnerships  
• Token Generation Event (“Token Generation Event”) 

 
Q2 2018 
 

• Proof of concept for CryptoProtect insurance with global insurer 
• Alpha Release: PolicyPal Network on Ethereum Testnet  
• Alpha Release: Testing of CryptoProtect insurance with Partner  
• Alpha Release: Testing of bonus in PolicyPal Network Tokens with selected community 

members 
 
Q3 2018 
 

•  Alpha Release: PolicyPal Network on Ethereum Testnet with partner in new country 
• Beta Release: PolicyPal Network on Ethereum Mainnet with partner in new country 
• Launch: Bonus in PolicyPal Network Tokens for members who purchase policies 

 
Q4 2018 
 

• Alpha Release: PolicyPal Network Blockchain 
• Beta Release: PolicyPal Network Blockchain with Proof of Stake 
• Launch: PolicyPal Network Blockchain with exchange of ERC20 tokens onto PolicyPal 

Network Mainnet 
• Launch: P2P Mutual Aid Insurance – Personal and Life Insurance on PolicyPal Network 

Blockchain 
 

Q1 2019 
•  Launch: Cryptocurrency insurance with global insurer 
• Further expansion of PolicyPal Network into other Asian countries 
• Proof of concept for new insurance products with global insurer on blockchain 
•  Launch: P2P Mutual Aid Insurance – Agriculture and Property Insurance on PolicyPal 

Network Blockchain 
• New product ideas and ongoing iteration  



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

56 

Risk Factors 
  
RISKS RELATING TO PARTICIPATION IN THE TOKEN SALE 
  
Investments in startups such as the Token Issuer and its affiliates involve a high degree 
of risk. 
  
Financial and operating risks confronting startups are significant and the Token Issuer and its 
affiliates are not immune to these. Startups often experience unexpected problems in the areas 
of product development, marketing, financing, and general management, among others, which 
frequently cannot be solved. 
  
The Token Issuer and/or its affiliates may be forced to cease operations. 
  
It is possible that, due to any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, an unfavorable 
fluctuation in the value of cryptographic and fiat currencies, the inability by the Token Issuer 
and/or its affiliates to establish the PolicyPal Network or the PolicyPal Network Tokens' utility, 
the failure of commercial relationships, or intellectual property ownership challenges, the Token 
Issuer and/or its affiliates may no longer be viable to operate and Token Issuer and/or its 
affiliates may dissolve or take actions that result in a dissolution of Token Issuer and/or its 
affiliates. 
  
The tax treatment of the Token Sale Terms, the purchase rights contained therein and the 
Token Sale is uncertain and there may be adverse tax consequences for purchasers 
upon certain future events. 

The tax characterization of the Token Sale Terms and the PolicyPal Network Tokens is 
uncertain, and each purchaser must seek its own tax advice in connection with an investment in 
the PolicyPal Network Tokens. An investment pursuant to the Token Sale Terms and the 
purchase of PolicyPal Network Tokens pursuant thereto may result in adverse tax 
consequences to the purchaser, including withholding taxes, income taxes and tax reporting 
requirements. Each purchaser should consult with and must rely upon the advice of its own 
professional tax advisors with respect tax treatment of an investment in the PolicyPal Network 
Tokens pursuant to the Token Sale Terms. 
  
There is no prior market for PolicyPal Network Tokens and the Token Sale may not result 
in an active or liquid market for the Tokens 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

57 

Prior to the Token Sale, there has been no public market for the PolicyPal Network Tokens. In 
the event that the PolicyPal Network Tokens are traded on a cryptocurrency exchange, there is 
no assurance that an active or liquid trading market for the PolicyPal Network Tokens will 
develop or if developed, be sustained after the PolicyPal Network Tokens have been made 
available for trading on such cryptocurrency exchange. There is also no assurance that the 
market price of the PolicyPal Network Tokens will not decline below the consideration at which 
the purchaser acquired the PolicyPal Network Tokens at. Such purchase consideration may not 
be indicative of the market price of the PolicyPal Network Tokens after they have been made 
available for trading on a cryptocurrency exchange. 

A PolicyPal Network Token is not a currency issued by any central bank or national, supra-
national or quasi-national organisation, nor is it backed by any hard assets or other credit. The 
Token Issuer is not responsible for nor does it pursue the circulation and trading of PolicyPal 
Network Tokens on the market. Trading of PolicyPal Network Tokens merely depends on the 
consensus on its value between the relevant market participants, and no one is obliged to 
purchase any PolicyPal Network Token from any holder of the PolicyPal Network Token, nor 
does anyone guarantee the liquidity or market price of PolicyPal Network Tokens to any extent 
at any time. Accordingly, the Token Issuer cannot ensure that there will be any demand or 
market for PolicyPal Network Tokens, or that the purchase consideration is indicative of the 
market price of PolicyPal Network Tokens after they have been made available for trading on a 
cryptocurrency exchange. 
  
Future sales of the PolicyPal Network Tokens could materially and adversely affect the 
market price of PolicyPal Network Tokens 
  
Any future sale of the PolicyPal Network Tokens (which were not available for sale in the Token 
Sale) would increase the supply of PolicyPal Network Tokens in the market and this may result 
in a downward price pressure on the PolicyPal Network Token. The sale or distribution of a 
significant number of PolicyPal Network Tokens outside of the Token Sale, or the perception 
that such further sales or issuance may occur, could adversely affect the trading price of the 
PolicyPal Network Tokens. 
  
Negative publicity may materially and adversely affect the price of the PolicyPal Network 
Tokens 
  
Negative publicity involving (a) the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates; (b) the PolicyPal Network; 
(c) the PolicyPal Network Tokens; or (d) any of the key personnel of the Token Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates, may materially and adversely affect the market perception or market price of the 
PolicyPal Network Tokens, whether or not such publicity is justified. 
  
There is no assurance of any success of PolicyPal Network 
  



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

58 

The value of, and demand for, the PolicyPal Network Tokens hinges heavily on the performance 
of the PolicyPal Network. There is no assurance that the PolicyPal Network will gain traction 
after its launch and achieve any commercial success. 
  
The PolicyPal Network has not been fully developed, finalised and integrated and is subject to 
further changes, updates and adjustments prior to its launch. Such changes may result in 
unexpected and unforeseen effects on its projected appeal to users, and hence impact its 
success. 
  
While the Token Issuer has made every effort to provide a realistic estimate, there is also no 
assurance that the cryptocurrencies raised in the Token Sale will be sufficient for the 
development and integration of the PolicyPal Network. For the foregoing or any other reason, 
the development and integration of the PolicyPal Network may not be completed and there is no 
assurance that it will be launched at all. As such, distributed PolicyPal Network Tokens may 
hold little worth or value, and this would impact its trading price. 
  
The trading price of the PolicyPal Network Tokens may fluctuate following the Token 
Sale 
  
The prices of cryptographic tokens in general tend to be relatively volatile, and can fluctuate 
significantly over short periods of time. The demand for, and corresponding the market price of, 
the PolicyPal Network Tokens may fluctuate significantly and rapidly in response to, among 
others, the following factors, some of which are beyond the control of the Token Issuer and/or 
its affiliates: 
  
(a)  new technical innovations; 
  
(b) analysts’ speculations, recommendations, perceptions or estimates of the PolicyPal 

Network Token’s market price or the Token Issuer’s and/or its affiliates financial and 
business performance; 

  
(c)  changes in market valuations and token prices of entities with operations similar to that 

of the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates that may be made available for sale and 
purchase on the same cryptocurrency exchanges as the PolicyPal Network Tokens; 

  
(d)           announcements by the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates of significant events, for example 

partnerships, sponsorships, new product developments; 
  
(e)     fluctuations in market prices and trading volume of cryptocurrencies on cryptocurrency 

exchanges; 
  
(f)              additions or departures of key personnel of the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates; 
  



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

59 

(g) success or failure of the management of the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates in 
implementing business and growth strategies; and 

  
(h)           changes in conditions affecting the blockchain or financial technology industry, the 

general economic conditions or market sentiments, or other events or factors. 
  
RISKS RELATING TO THE WALLET 
  
The loss or compromise of information relating to your Wallet (as defined below) may 
affect your access and possession of the PolicyPal Network Tokens 
  
For purposes of receipt of your PolicyPal Network Tokens, you are to establish and maintain 
access to a cryptocurrency wallet (“Wallet”). Your access to the PolicyPal Network Tokens in 
the Wallet depends on, among other things, the safeguards to the information to such Wallet, 
including but not limited to the user account information, address, private key and password. In 
the event that any of the foregoing is lost or compromised, your access to the Wallet may be 
curtailed and thereby adversely affecting your access and possession to the PolicyPal Network 
Tokens, including such PolicyPal Network Tokens being unrecoverable and permanently lost. 
  
The Wallet or Wallet service provider may not be technically compatible with the 
PolicyPal Network Tokens 
  
The Wallet or Wallet service provider may not be technically compatible with the PolicyPal 
Network Tokens which may result in the delivery of PolicyPal Network Tokens being 
unsuccessful or affect your access to such PolicyPal Network Tokens. 
  
RISKS RELATING TO THE TOKEN ISSUER AND ITS AFFILIATES 
  
The PolicyPal Network is intended to be developed, operated and maintained by the Token 
Issuer and its affiliates. Any events or circumstances which adversely affect the Token Issuer 
and/or its affiliates may have a corresponding adverse effect on the Token Issuer and/or its 
affiliates if such events or circumstances affect the Token Issuer’s and/or its affiliates’ ability to 
maintain the PolicyPal Network. This would correspondingly have an impact the trading price of 
the PolicyPal Network Tokens. 
  
The Token Issuer and/or its affiliates may be materially and adversely affected if they fail 
to effectively manage its operations as their business develops and evolves, which 
would have a direct impact on their ability to maintain the PolicyPal Network and 
consequently the trading price of the PolicyPal Network Tokens. 
  



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

60 

The financial technology and cryptocurrency industries and the markets in which the Token 
Issuer and its affiliates compete have grown rapidly and continue to grow rapidly, and continue 
to evolve in response to new technological advances, changing business models and other 
factors. As a result of this constantly changing environment, the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates 
may face operational difficulties in adjusting to the changes, and the sustainability of the Token 
Issuer and its affiliates will depend on their ability to manage their respective operations, adapt 
to technological advances and market trends and ensure that they hire qualified and competent 
employees, and provide proper training for their personnel. 
  
As their respective business evolves, the Token Issuer and its affiliates must also expand and 
adapt its operational infrastructure. The Token Issuer’s and its affiliates’ respective businesses 
rely on blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token 
storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology, and to manage 
technical support infrastructure for the PolicyPal Network effectively, the Token Issuer and its 
affiliates will need to continue to upgrade and improve their data systems and other operational 
systems, procedures and controls. These upgrades and improvements will require a dedication 
of resources, are likely to be complex and increasingly rely on hosted computer services from 
third parties that the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates do not control. If the Token Issuer and/or 
its affiliates are unable to adapt their respective systems and organisation in a timely, efficient 
and cost-effective manner to accommodate changing circumstances, its business, financial 
condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. If the third parties whom the 
Token Issuer and/or its affiliates rely on are subject to a security breach or otherwise suffer 
disruptions that impact the respective services the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates utilise, the 
integrity and availability of their respective internal information could be compromised, which 
may consequently cause the loss of confidential or proprietary information, and economic loss. 
The loss of financial, labour or other resources, and any other adverse effect on the Token 
Issuer’s and/or its affiliates’ respective business, financial condition and operations, would have 
a direct adverse effect on the Token Issuer’s and its affiliates’ ability to maintain the PolicyPal 
Network. As the PolicyPal Network is the main product to which the PolicyPal Network Tokens 
relate, this may adversely impact the trading price of the PolicyPal Network Tokens. 
  
The Token Issuer and/or its affiliates may experience system failures, unplanned 
interruptions in its network or services, hardware or software defects, security breaches 
or other causes that could adversely affect the Token Issuer’s and/or its affiliates’ 
infrastructure network, and/or the PolicyPal Network 
  



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

61 

The Token Issuer and its affiliates are unable to anticipate when there would be occurrences of 
hacks, cyber-attacks, mining attacks (including but not limited to double-spend attacks, majority 
mining power attacks and “selfish-mining” attacks),  distributed denials of service or errors, 
vulnerabilities or defects in the PolicyPal Network, the PolicyPal Network Tokens, the Wallet or 
any technology (including but not limited to smart contract technology) on which the Token 
Issuer and/or its affiliates , the PolicyPal Network, the PolicyPal Network Tokens and the Wallet 
relies or on the Ethereum blockchain or any other blockchain. Such events may include, for 
example, flaws in programming or source code leading to exploitation or abuse thereof. The 
Token Issuer and/or its affiliates may not be able to detect such hacks, mining attacks (including 
but not limited to double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and “selfish-mining” 
attacks), cyber-attacks, distributed denials of service errors vulnerabilities or defects in a timely 
manner, and may not have sufficient resources to efficiently cope with multiple service incidents 
happening simultaneously or in rapid succession. 
  
The Token Issuer’s and/or its affiliates’ respective network or services, which would include the 
PolicyPal Network, could be disrupted by numerous events, including natural disasters, 
equipment breakdown, network connectivity downtime, power losses, or even intentional 
disruptions of their respective services, such as disruptions caused by software viruses or 
attacks by unauthorised users, some of which are beyond the Token Issuer’s and/or its affiliates’ 
control. Although the Token Issuer and its affiliates will be taking steps against malicious attacks 
on their respective appliances or infrastructure, which are critical for the maintenance of the 
PolicyPal Network and their respective other services, there can be no assurance that cyber-
attacks, such as distributed denials of service, will not be attempted in the future, and that any of 
the Token Issuer’s and its affiliates’ intended enhanced security measures will be effective. The 
Token Issuer and its affiliates may also be prone to attacks on their respective infrastructure 
intended to steal information about their respective technology, financial data or user 
information or take other actions that would be damaging to the Token Issuer, its affiliates and 
users of the PolicyPal Network. Any significant breach of the Token Issuer’s and/or its affiliates’ 
intended security measures or other disruptions resulting in a compromise of the usability, 
stability and security of the Token Issuer’s and/or its affiliates’ network or services (including the 
PolicyPal Network) may adversely affect the trading price of the PolicyPal Network Tokens. 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

62 

The Token Issuer and its affiliates are dependent in part on the location and data centre 
facilities of third parties 
  
The Token Issuer’s and its affiliates’ infrastructure network will be in part established through 
servers that which they respectively own and house at the location facilities of third parties, and 
servers that they respectively rent at data centre facilities of third parties. If the Token Issuer 
and/or its affiliates are unable to renew their respective data facility lease on commercially 
reasonable terms or at all, the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates may be required to transfer their 
respective servers to a new data centre facility, and may incur significant costs and possible 
service interruption in connection with the relocation. These facilities are also vulnerable to 
damage or interruption from, among others, natural disasters, arson, terrorist attacks, power 
losses, and telecommunication failures. Additionally, the third party providers of such facilities 
may suffer a breach of security as a result of third party action, employee error, malfeasance or 
otherwise and a third party may obtain unauthorised access to the data in such servers. As 
techniques used to obtain unauthorised access to, or to sabotage systems change frequently 
and generally are not recognised until launched against a target, the Token Issuer, its affiliates 
and the providers of such facilities may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to 
implement adequate preventive measures. Any such security breaches or damages which occur 
which impact upon the Token Issuer’s and/or its affiliates’ infrastructure network and/or the 
PolicyPal Network may adversely impact the price of the PolicyPal Network Tokens. 
  
General global market and economic conditions may have an adverse impact on the 
Token Issuer’s and/or its affiliate’s operating performance, results of operations and 
cash flows 
  
The Token Issuer and/or its affiliates could be affected by general global economic and market 
conditions. Challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time to time, contributed, and 
may continue to contribute, to slowdowns in the information technology industry at large. 
Weakness in the economy could have a negative effect on the Token Issuer’s and/or its 
affiliates’ respective business, operations and financial condition, including decreases in 
revenue and operating cash flows. Additionally, in a down-cycle economic environment, the 
Token Issuer and/or its affiliates may experience the negative effects of increased competitive 
pricing pressure and a slowdown in commerce and usage of the PolicyPal Network. Suppliers 
on which the Token Issuer and/or its affiliates rely for servers, bandwidth, location and other 
services could also be negatively impacted by economic conditions that, in turn, could have a 
negative impact on the Token Issuer’s and/or its affiliates’ respective operations or expenses. 
There can be no assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions or worsening economic 
conditions or a prolonged or recurring recession will not have a significant adverse impact on 
the Token Issuer’s and/or its affiliates’ respective business, financial condition and results of 
operations and hence the PolicyPal Network, which would correspondingly impact the trading 
price of the PolicyPal Network Tokens. 
  
 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

63 

The Token Issuer, its affiliates and/or the PolicyPal Network Tokens may be affected by 
newly implemented regulations 
  
Cryptocurrency trading is generally unregulated worldwide, but numerous regulatory authorities 
across jurisdictions have been outspoken about considering the implementation of regulatory 
regimes which govern cryptocurrency or cryptocurrency markets. The Token Issuer, its affiliates 
and/or the PolicyPal Network Tokens may be affected by newly implemented regulations 
relating to cryptocurrencies or cryptocurrency markets, including having to take measures to 
comply with such regulations, or having to deal with queries, notices, requests or enforcement 
actions by regulatory authorities, which may come at a substantial cost and may also require 
substantial modifications to the PolicyPal Network Tokens and/or the PolicyPal Network. This 
may impact the appeal of the PolicyPal Network Tokens and/or the PolicyPal Network for users 
and result in decreased usage of the PolicyPal Network Tokens and/or the PolicyPal Network. 
Further, should the costs (financial or otherwise) of complying with such newly implemented 
regulations exceed a certain threshold, maintaining the PolicyPal Network Tokens and/or the 
PolicyPal Network may no longer be commercially viable and the Token Issuer and/or its 
affiliates may opt to discontinue the PolicyPal Network Tokens and/or the PolicyPal Network. 
  
Further, it is difficult to predict how or whether governments or regulatory authorities may 
implement any changes to laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its 
applications, including the PolicyPal Network Tokens and the PolicyPal Network. The Token 
Issuer and/or its affiliates may also have to cease their respective operations in a jurisdiction 
that makes it illegal to operate in such jurisdiction, or make it commercially unviable or 
undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction. In 
scenarios such as the foregoing, the trading price of PolicyPal Network Tokens will be adversely 
affected or PolicyPal Network Tokens may cease to be traded. 
  
The regulatory regime governing the blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, tokens 
and token offerings such as Token Sale, the PolicyPal Network and the PolicyPal 
Network Tokens is uncertain, and regulations or policies may materially adversely 
affect the development of the PolicyPal Network and the utility of the PolicyPal Network 
Tokens 
  
Regulation of tokens (including the PolicyPal Network Tokens) and token offerings such as the 
Token Sale, cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges 
currently is undeveloped and likely to rapidly evolve, varies significantly among international, 
federal, state and local jurisdictions and is subject to significant uncertainty. Various legislative 
and executive bodies in Singapore and other countries may in the future, adopt laws, 
regulations, guidance, or other actions, which may severely impact the development and 
growth of the PolicyPal Network and the adoption and utility of the PolicyPal Network Tokens. 
Failure by the Token Issuer, its affiliates or users of the PolicyPal Network to comply with any 
laws, rules and regulations, some of which may not exist yet or are subject to interpretation 
and may be subject to change, could result in a variety of adverse consequences, including 
civil penalties and fines. 



 
 

 

PolicyPal Network 
 

64 

Blockchain networks also face an uncertain regulatory landscape in many foreign jurisdictions 
such as the European Union, China, South Korea and Russia. Various foreign jurisdictions 
may, in the near future, adopt laws, regulations or directives that affect the PolicyPal Network. 
Such laws, regulations or directives may directly and negatively impact the Token Issuer’s 
and/or its affiliates’ respective business. The effect of any future regulatory change is 
impossible to predict, but such change could be substantial and materially adverse to the 
development and growth of the PolicyPal Network and the adoption and utility of the Tokens. 
  
New or changing laws and regulations or interpretations of existing laws and regulations may 
materially and adversely impact the value of the currency in which the PolicyPal Network 
Tokens may be sold, the value of the distributions that may be made by the Token Issuer, the 
liquidity of the PolicyPal Network Tokens, the ability to access marketplaces or exchanges on 
which to trade the PolicyPal Network Tokens, and the structure, rights and transferability of 
PolicyPal Network Tokens. 

PolicyPal Network Token holders will have no control on the Token Issuer or its affiliates 

The holders of PolicyPal Network Tokens are not and will not be entitled, to vote or receive 
dividends or be deemed the holder of capital stock of the Token Issuer or its affiliates for any 
purpose, nor will anything be construed to confer on the purchasers any of the rights of a 
stockholder of the Token Issuer or its affiliates or any right to vote for the election of directors or 
upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold 
consent to any corporate action or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive subscription 
rights or otherwise. 

Purchasers may lack information for monitoring their investment 

The purchasers of PolicyPal Network Tokens may not be able to obtain all information it would 
want regarding the Token Issuer, its affiliates, the PolicyPal Network Tokens, or the PolicyPal 
Network, on a timely basis or at all. It is possible that purchasers may not be aware on a timely 
basis of material adverse changes that have occurred. While the Token Issuer has made 
efforts to use open-source development for PolicyPal Network Tokens, this information may be 
highly technical by nature. As a result of these difficulties, as well as other uncertainties, 
Purchasers may not have accurate or accessible information about the PolicyPal Network. 
  
There may be unanticipated risks arising from the PolicyPal Network Tokens 
  
Cryptographic tokens such as the PolicyPal Network Tokens are a relatively new and dynamic 
technology. In addition to the risks included in this section, there are other risks associated with 
the purchase, holding and use of the PolicyPal Network Tokens, including those that the Token 
Issuer and its affiliates cannot anticipate. Such risks may further materialise as unanticipated 
variations or combinations of the risks discussed in this Whitepaper. 
  
 
 


