















































Untitled


 

 

WHITEPAPER 

We believe empowering individuals and 
communities to co-create their energy future will 

underpin the development of a power system that is 
resilient, low-cost, zero-carbon and owned by the 

people of the world. 

 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 2	

POWER LEDGER WHITE PAPER 

Disclaimer ..................................................................................................... 4 

1.0 Business And Industry Overview .............................................................. 5 
1.1 THE POWER OF POWER ........................................................................ 5 
1.2 THE MARKET SIZE ................................................................................ 5 

1.2.1 STATIONARY ENERGY ....................................................................... 6 
1.2.2 NON-STATIONARY ENERGY ............................................................. 6 

1.3 AN ENERGY REVOLUTION .................................................................... 6 
1.4 A TRUSTLESS TRADING PLATFORM ..................................................... 8 
1.5 WHAT IS BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY .................................................. 8 

1.5.1 SMART CONTRACTS .......................................................................... 8 
1.6  WHY SOCIETY NEEDS AN ENERGY TRADING PLATFORM ..................... 9 
1.7  HUMAN ENERGY ................................................................................ 10 
1.8  THE POWER LEDGER PLATFORM ....................................................... 10 
1.9  ACHIEVEMENTS ................................................................................. 12 

2.0 Platform Applications ............................................................................ 13 
2.1 P2P TRADING ..................................................................................... 13 
2.2 NEO-RETAILER ................................................................................... 13 
2.3 MICROGRID/EMBEDDED NETWORK OPERATOR/STRATA ................... 13 
2.4 WHOLESALE MARKET SETTLEMENT .................................................. 13 
2.5 AUTONOMOUS ASSET (AA) MANAGMENT .......................................... 14 
2.6 DISTRIBUTED MARKET MANAGEMENT .............................................. 14 
2.7 ELECTRIC VEHICLES .......................................................................... 14 
2.8 POWER PORT ..................................................................................... 14 
2.9 CARBON TRADING ............................................................................. 14 
2.10     TRANSMISSION EXCHANGE .............................................................. 14 

3.0 Power Ledger’s Achievements ............................................................... 15 
3.1  INTRODUCTION .................................................................................. 15 
3.2.  THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ................................................................ 17 
3.3  THE TEAM .......................................................................................... 19 

4.0 Technical Overview ................................................................................ 20 
4.1  INTRODUCTION .................................................................................. 20 
4.2  POWR TOKEN ..................................................................................... 22 
4.3  DUAL TOKEN ECOSYSTEM ................................................................. 22 
4.4  POWR TOKENS ARE ACCESS PERMISSION TOKENS ........................... 22 
4.5  POWR FUNCTIONS AND SMART BONDS ............................................ 23 
4.6 POWR TOKENS ARE INCENTIVE TOKENS: A VIRTUOUS CYCLE ........... 24 
4.7  POWR AND EXCHANGES .................................................................... 24 

5.0  Technology Application Layers ............................................................. 26 
5.1  ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN - PUBLIC LAYER ........................................ 26 
5.2 POWER LEDGER CORE ........................................................................ 26 
5.3  ECOCHAIN SERVICES - CONSORTIUM BLOCKCHAI ............................ 27 
5.4  STATE CHANNELS ............................................................................. 28 
5.5 THE POWER LEDGER APPLICATIONS LAYER – FUSEBOX ................... 29 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 3	

5.5.1  METER READINGS ............................................................................ 30 
5.5.2 TRADE ENGINE ................................................................................. 30 
5.5.3  TRADING GROUP BUILDER ............................................................. 30 
5.5.4  BLOCKCHAIN ..................................................................................... 31 
5.5.5  GEO-LOCATION PRIORITY (UNDER DEVELOPMENT) .................. 31 
5.5.6 CONSUMER CHOICES ...................................................................... 32 
5.5.7 AUTONOMOUS ASSETS AND ASSET GERMINATION EVENTS ... 32 

6.0 Roadmap & Milestones .......................................................................... 33 
6.1. POWER LEDGER DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP ....................................... 33 

6.1.1  Q3 2017 .............................................................................................. 33 
6.1.2  Q4 2017 .............................................................................................. 33 
6.1.3  Q1 2018 .............................................................................................. 33 
6.1.4  Q3 2018 ............................................................................................. 34 
6.1.5 Q4 2018 ............................................................................................. 34 
6.1.6 Q2 2019 ............................................................................................. 34 
6.1.7 Q3 2019 ............................................................................................. 34 

 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 4	

DISCLAIMER  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This document is a technical whitepaper setting out the current and future developments of the Power Ledger 
Platform and Power Ledger Ecosystem by Power Ledger Pty Ltd (Power Ledger). This paper is for information 
purposes only and is not a statement of future intent. Unless expressly specified otherwise, the products and 
innovations set out in this paper are currently under development and are not currently in deployment. Power 
Ledger makes no warranties or representations as to the successful development or implementation of such 
technologies and innovations, or achievement of any other activities noted in the paper, and disclaims any 
warranties implied by law or otherwise, to the extent permitted by law. No person is entitled to rely on the contents 
of this paper or any inferences drawn from it, including in relation to any interactions with Power Ledger or the 
technologies mentioned in this paper. Power Ledger disclaims all liability for any loss or damage of whatsoever 
kind (whether foreseeable or not) which may arise from any person acting on any information and opinions 
relating to Power Ledger, the Power Ledger Platform or the Power Ledger Ecosystem contained in this paper or 
any information which is made available in connection with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence, 
default or lack of care.  
 
The information contained in this publication is derived from data obtained from sources believed by Power 
Ledger to be reliable and is given in good faith, but no warranties or guarantees, representations are made by 
Power Ledger with regard to the accuracy, completeness or suitability of the information presented. It should not 
be relied upon, and shall not confer rights or remedies upon, you or any of your employees, creditors, holders of 
securities or other equity holders or any other person. Any opinions expressed reflect the current judgment of the 
authors of this paper and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Power Ledger. The opinions reflected herein 
may change without notice and the opinions do not necessarily correspond to the opinions of Power Ledger. 
Power Ledger does not have an obligation to amend, modify or update this paper or to otherwise notify a reader or 
recipient thereof in the event that any matter stated herein, or any opinion, projection, forecast or estimate set 
forth herein, changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate. 
 
Power Ledger, its directors, employees, contractors and representatives do not have any responsibility or liability 
to any person or recipient (whether by reason of negligence, negligent misstatement or otherwise) arising from any 
statement, opinion or information, expressed or implied, arising out of, contained in or derived from or omission 
from this paper. Neither Power Ledger nor its advisors has independently verified any of the information, including 
the forecasts, prospects and projections contained in this paper. 
 
Each recipient is to rely solely on its own knowledge, investigation, judgment and assessment of the matters which 
are the subject of this report and any information which is made available in connection with any further enquiries 
and to satisfy itself as to the accuracy and completeness of such matters.  
 
Whilst every effort is made to ensure that statements of facts made in this paper are accurate, all estimates, 
projections, forecasts, prospects, expressions of opinion and other subjective judgments contained in this paper 
are based on assumptions considered to be reasonable as of the date of the document in which they are contained 
and must not be construed as a representation that the matters referred to therein will occur. Any plans, 
projections or forecasts mentioned in this paper may not be achieved due to multiple risk factors including without 
limitation defects in technology developments, legal or regulatory exposure, market volatility, sector volatility, 
corporate actions, or the unavailability of complete and accurate information.  
  
Power Ledger may provide hyperlinks to websites of entities mentioned in this paper, however the inclusion of a 
link does not imply that Power Ledger endorses, recommends or approves any material on the linked page or 
accessible from it. Such linked websites are accessed entirely at your own risk. Power Ledger does not accept 
responsibility whatsoever for any such material, nor for consequences of its use. 
 
This paper is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or 
resident of or located in any state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or 
use would be contrary to law or regulation. 
 
This paper is only available on www.Power Ledger.io and may not be redistributed, reproduced or passed on to any 
other person or published, in part or in whole, for any purpose, without the prior, written consent of Power Ledger. 
The manner of distributing this paper may be restricted by law or regulation in certain countries. Persons into 
whose possession this paper may come are required to inform themselves about and to observe such restrictions. 
By accessing this paper, a recipient hereof agrees to be bound by the foregoing limitations.   



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 5	

1.0 BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY OVERVIEW  
 

1.1 THE POWER OF POWER 

The energy industry used to be simple.  

Vertically-integrated utilities sat in the middle of the system, like benevolent 
spiders spinning a web out to the last consumer requesting connection: they 
decided where and when to build generating capacity; they decided how to 
bridge the distance between generators and loads; they kept the system in 
balance through the deft application of the levers available to a centralized 
controlling entity. 

While progressive utilities and regulators try to position themselves as 
consumer-focused or consumer-centric, the reality is, even the most 
progressive are only rephrasing a narrative that pushes citizens into categories 
of consumers.   

Clinging to the umbilicus of the power network, consumers are fed a steady diet 
of price and product. The cost of energy security can be counted in terms of 
control, certainty and economic independence. 

But a global technology revolution has changed the power balance between 
consumers and centralized power authorities. The booming market in 
Distributed Energy Resources (DER) like solar photovoltaic systems (PV), 

batteries, microgrids and embedded networks has moved 
the power balance from central authorities to the 

edges of the grid, to where citizens have control.  

And it is not just about controlling the cost of 
energy consumption, it is a reflection of 
peoples’ desires that their energy supplies are 
more sustainable, more socially-responsible, 
more local, more resilient and more democratic 
(See Figure 1.1.1). 

All that is needed to move the revolution into the 
mainstream is a model for energy trading that takes 

control out of the hands of central players and puts 
everyday citizens in charge of a co-created energy future. 

The Power Ledger Ecosystem is that platform. 

1.2 THE MARKET SIZE 

Figure 1.1.1: Out 
of the 11.4 
trillion dollars 
invested in 
electricity 
generation, $7.8 
trillion will be 
from renewable 
sources. 
 
Source: BNEF  

1.0 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 6	

1.2.1 STATIONARY ENERGY 
Electricity is a critical enabler. The current electrification state of the global 
population is at 84%. Advanced and transitional economies require secure 
access to modern sources of energy, to underpin their development and 
growing prosperity.  

In developing countries, access to affordable and reliable energy is 
fundamental to reducing poverty, improving health, increasing productivity, 
enhancing competitiveness and promoting economic growth.  

Hundreds of millions of people have attained modern energy access over the 
last two decades through distribution networks, especially in China and India. 
This means that more people on Earth than ever before are now connected to 
ever-growing and interconnected electricity networks.  

This creates an enormous appetite for innovative new energy peer-to-peer 
(P2P) energy transaction platforms. 

1.2.2 NON-STATIONARY ENERGY 
In addition to stationary electricity consumers (buildings, factories, apartments 
and houses), non-stationary electricity users are driving up electricity demand 
across the globe.  

The year 2015 saw the global threshold exceed 1 million Electric Vehicles (EV) 
on the road, with the total number closing at 1.26 million. 

To service this growing fleet, there were an estimated total of 1.45 million 
electric car charging points worldwide in 2015.  

EVs are forecast to reach price parity with combustion engine cars by 2025, 
largely due to falling battery cost and increasing fuel density. The deployment 
scenarios for the stock of EVs range:  

o Between 2 to 20 million EVs in use worldwide by 2020; 
o Between 18 to 60 million by 2025; and 
o Between 22 to 140 million by 2030. 

1.3 AN ENERGY REVOLUTION 

 In 2012 in New York City, Hurricane Sandy destroyed the century-old concept 
of utility power supplies and heralded a new era of distributed energy supplies 
that value resilience over tradition.  

In Australia, in the years between 2011 and 2016, more new generating capacity 
was installed on residential roofs than was connected to transmission 
networks. 

If regulator forecasts are accurate, network businesses face the prospect of 
leaking hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue as a result of the load 
defection brought about through the proliferation of rooftop PV and the uptake 
of distributed energy storage. 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 7	

There is an inconvenient truth facing the traditional energy supply industry: at 
some stage, it will be cheaper and more effective to self-supply than to rely on 
the network to provide low-cost and reliable and clean energy.  

It might happen in five years, it might happen in two (according to research for 
some consumers it has already happened, see Figure 1.3.1) but we need to 
accept the fact that if the only purpose of energy networks is the provision of 
energy, then we are putting them up against some stern competition in the form 
of DERs. 

 

There is an alternative to this steadily emerging obsolescence and, oddly 
enough, it can help to preserve the value of existing network assets while 
reducing the risk of investment for those co-creating the energy system of the 
future. 

Re-imagining the network as a decentralized and “trustless” trading platform. 

The rapid penetration of DERs means we now have a distribution system 
characterized by bi-directional flows of energy and millions of active 
prosumers.   

At a residential level, consumers are spilling energy into the network and feeling 
under-rewarded for their contribution. A network that allows consumers to 
realize value from their investment in DER presents an additional value 
proposition that could encourage even greater investment in distributed 
renewables and a new era of network management.   

This new paradigm will see ever increasing levels of automation and resilience 
led, not by a small number of large-scale centralized investments, but by 
millions of micro-investments distributed across the system. 

Figure 1.3.1: 30 of the countries 
analyzed in 2015 by Deutsche 
Bank had reached grid parity: 
where solar generation was equal 
or less than local retail electricity 
prices.  

Prosumers: a 
consumer who 
becomes involved 
with producing or 
storing electricity 
for their own needs. 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 8	

1.4 A TRUSTLESS TRADING PLATFORM 

A trading platform is a network that allows consumers to sell energy to their 
peers in a trustless environment. 

It is a new component of the distributed economy that allows consumers to 
realize the value of their investment in DER by allowing them to monetize their 
excess energy in much the same way as Uber and AirBnb allow people to 
monetize their cars and spare rooms. 

And trustless?   

A trading platform that requires third-party settlement and reconciliation of 
millions of transactions between hundreds of thousands of traders across 5-
minute trading intervals would be almost impossible to support without a 
central player taking control of all parties’ data, prescribing fees, requiring trust, 
proving accuracy and binding the market up in red tape and bureaucracy. But 
the blockchain is an agreement machine that can facilitate the financial 
settlement of these transactions, in the same trading intervals in which the 
energy is produced and consumed, and it can be achieved at a speed not 
possible using current market settlement technologies.    

Blockchain-enabled P2P energy trading will transform energy networks into 
trading platforms and invoke a transactive economy that moves away from 
bilateral retail arrangements to multi-lateral trading ecosystems, preserving 
networks’ relevance to consumers.   

1.5 WHAT IS BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY 

Blockchain is a software innovation for establishing digital trust between users 
facilitating transactions of value, over a network.  

The blockchain enables trust to be distributed throughout a network, without 
the need for a central intermediary to track, verify and approve the digital 
exchange of value. The notion of authorizing trust from a central intermediary 
currently underpins both private and government institutional structures, 
however this is proving to be costly, slow, and also vulnerable to attack. The 
blockchain overcomes these issues by operating as a decentralized distributed 
database, maintaining a continuously growing list of records called blocks.  

Although blockchain technology is still an emergent one, current applications 
show it can be better, more efficient and more secure than traditional systems, 
which is why banks and governments globally are beginning to experiment with 
it. 

1.5.1 SMART CONTRACTS 
On-chain computer code or “Smart Contracts” are computer protocols that 
facilitate, verify, or enforce the performance of a contract making a contractual 

Trustless: a 
trustless system is 
one designed so 
that nobody has to 
trust anybody else 
in order for the 
system to function. 
It makes it possible 
to trust the outputs 
of a system without 
trusting any actor 
within it. 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 9	

clause unnecessary. Smart contracts often emulate the logic of contractual 
clauses.  

Smart contracts can exchange money, property, shares or anything of value in 
a transparent, conflict-free way, while avoiding the services of a middleman. 
Ordinarily, a process would require payment to a middleman, government 
agency, bank, lawyer or a notary, and then a processing time before the receipt 
of goods or services. However, with smart contract technology it can all be 
automated.  

Smart contract technology can be compared to that of an automated vending 
machine. With a vending machine, money is deposited into the vending 
machine and the desired item drops for collection, provided that the correct 
amount is deposited.  

Comparable to that, with a smart contract, the money is deposited into escrow 
on the blockchain for receipt of a transfer of a token (e.g. a digital certificate of 
title for a house), which is instantaneously transferred into a counterparty’s 
control once conditions are met.  

Smart contracts not only define the terms and conditions around an agreement 
in the same way that a traditional contract does, but also provide enforcement 
of those obligations. 

1.6  WHY SOCIETY NEEDS AN ENERGY TRADING PLATFORM 

It is not just network service providers that benefit from maintaining the 
relevance of one of our most important social assets. 

The people that have the most to lose in the face of falling network utilization 
are the people that have the least ability to influence their exposure to rising 
network costs and the impact on grid-supplied energy.   

The financially and socially marginalized renters, the huge number of tenants 
living in group housing developments and even those whose homes are 
oriented in the wrong direction or are exposed to shading from nearby buildings 
or trees, are the people who will bear the impact of falling network utilization if 
we do not find a way to incentivize Prosumers to stick tight to the network.  

Unlike the centrally-managed power systems of the past, the future of the 
energy system, will be co-created by the prosumers and investors that will 
decide where and when to install DER.   

 
 
 
 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 10	

1.7  HUMAN ENERGY  

Energy trading between citizens brings humanity to the energy system.  

Instead of faceless traders hedging their positions, Citizen Utilities return 
profits to communities, incentivize community investments in generating 
assets, and allow the sharing or gifting of energy. 

Ultimately, as dynamic distributed energy markets become mainstream, the 
owners of DERs can earn an income, not just from the energy they sell but from 
the network services they provide such as frequency and voltage control, load 
shifting, load shaping and load sinking. 

EVs will become the back-up power source of choice as the owners of EVs 
monetize their spare energy, not through selling kilowatt hours but by selling 
resilient access to the lifestyles we take for granted. 

In aspiring communities building modern economies through electrification, 
citizen-owned microgrids are a leap in technology that by-passes the mistakes 
of the past and supports the development of low-cost, low-carbon, and 
democratic power systems in towns and gated communities all over the 
developing world. 

In modern cities, Neo-retailers, the new species of innovative energy retailer, 
will support P2P trading through effective aggregation of consumer preference 
and demand aligned transparently, with prosumer capacity managing risk and 
security and providing choice for consumers. 

Human energy will change the face of the energy system because instead of 
being focused solely on profits, it will focus on the broader needs of 
communities, on aspirations for independence and co-creation, and the long-
term sustainability of energy creation and consumption.  

1.8  THE POWER LEDGER PLATFORM 

The Power Ledger Platform (Platform) is a trustless, transparent and 
interoperable energy trading platform that supports an ever-expanding suite of 
energy applications, with an exchangeable frictionless energy trading token, 
Sparkz. 

The Power Ledger Token (POWRTM) is the fuel of the Power Ledger Ecosystem 
with bespoke private trading applications creating Sparkz in exchange for 
POWRs.  Sparkz are currently purchased and redeemed using fiat currencies 
with individual trading platforms hosting closed-loop exchanges for energy 
and Sparkz.   

Citizen Utilities: 
participants who 
generate, consume 
and transact 
electricity  



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 11	

Energy trading applications are not just conceptual, they are proven and 
deployed in communities and energy markets around the world including 
Australia, New Zealand, Europe and Asia, such as PowerPeers.  

  

Fiat Currency: is a legal tender that is backed by the sovereign government state that issues it. The 
Australian dollar and U.S. dollar is fiat money, as are many other major world currencies. This differs 
from money whose value is underpinned by some physical good such as gold or silver (commodity 
money). 
 
Cryptocurrency: a digital currency in which mathematical encryption techniques and network consensus 
protocols 
are used to regulate the generation of units of 
currency and verify transactions (i.e. the transfer of funds), operating independently of 
a central bank. It can be 
used as a form of P2P digital money, purely relying on the blockchain ledger and verification through 
encryption algorithms, rather than a centrally controlled entity like a central bank. 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 12	

1.9  ACHIEVEMENTS 

 

 

 

  

Q3 2016: Australian Blockchain Trial  
The pilot project with National Lifestyle Villages (NLV) demonstrated the capability of our concepts and 
technology, specifically EcoChain. The project was a huge success, becoming the first of its kind in 
Australia. 15 dwellings were connected via the blockchain giving way to a community energy 
marketplace. 

Q2 2017: Bank On-ramping 
Power Ledger secured a financial channel to enable direct exchange between Sparkz and fiat-
currencies in real-time. In addition, Power Ledger developed the functionality exchange energy for 
Sparkz for real-time fiat currency remuneration. By providing bank on-ramping Power Ledger cleared 
the largest barrier for P2P energy trading, democratizing power in a way no one thought possible. 
 

Q4 2016: First International Deployment  
After the first successful trial, Power Ledger deployed the technology with Vector Ltd., a New Zealand 
DSO. The partnership with Vector confirms Power Ledger’s business strategy is not to cut out 
existing market participants, but rather to let consumers and utilities drive the disruption in a feasible 
way. 
 

Q2 2017:  Commercial Deployment at Multi-Tentanted Properties 
We began commercial operations in the White Gum Valley development in Fremantle, Western 
Australia. Power Ledger was the first company to successfully use distributed ledger technology to 
facilitate electricity trading across the meter and manage settlements without going through an 
electricity retailer. 
 

Q2 2017: Partnership With Indra Australia 
Power Ledger has signed a partnership agreement with leading global technology provider, Indra, to 
jointly develop network management solutions pairing Indra’s world-leading iSPEED network control 
and optimisation platform, with Power Ledger’s transactive energy platform, thus paving the way for 
the future development of autonomous distributed energy markets that respond in real-time to network 
conditions and consumer behaviour. 
	



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 13	

2.0 PLATFORM APPLICATIONS 
 

The Power Ledger Ecosystem supports a growing number of energy trading 
applications. The key classes of Platform Applications developed by Power 
Ledger are listed below, with some already operational, and others in advanced 
conceptual design or in development. 

2.1 P2P TRADING 

This class of Platform Application gives retailers the ability to empower 
consumers (or in an unregulated environment, the consumers themselves) to 
simply trade electricity with one another and receive payment in real-time from 
an automated and trustless reconciliation and settlement system. There are 
many other immediate benefits such as being able to select a clean energy 
source, trade with neighbors, receive more money for excess power, benefit 
from transparency of all your trades on a blockchain, and very low-cost 
settlement costs, all leading to lower power bills and improved returns for 
investments in distributed renewables.  

2.2 NEO-RETAILER  

This class of Platform Application provides Neo-retailers with smart demand 
and supply management, along with almost instantaneous remuneration and 
payment settlements while managing consumer exposure to the risk of non-
supply. 

2.3 MICROGRID/EMBEDDED NETWORK OPERATOR/STRATA  

This type of Platform Application enables electricity metering, big data 
acquisition, rapid micro-transactions, and grid management at an 
unprecedented granular scale. Trading in embedded networks breaks the 
nexus between generation ownership and energy consumption, meaning value 
can be derived from an investment in DER even if the investor is absent or 
doesn’t consume all the energy they generate. 

2.4 WHOLESALE MARKET SETTLEMENT  

This Platform Application class offers rapid low-cost and transparent dispatch 
optimization and management, data aggregation, reconciliation, and 
settlement for wholesale energy marketplaces.  

	  

2.0 

Neo-Retailer: an 
innovative energy 
retailer who supports 
P2P trading through 
effective aggregation 
of consumer 
preference and 
demand  



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 14	

2.5 AUTONOMOUS ASSET (AA) MANAGMENT  

This current Platform Application allows for (1) shared ownership of renewable 
energy assets and (2) trading renewable asset ownership. The AA is able to buy 
and sell its own electricity and distribute its income to assigned wallet 
addresses. 

2.6 DISTRIBUTED MARKET MANAGEMENT  

This Platform Application provides optimized metering data, the collection of 
big data, right to access and dispatch of assets, rapid transaction settlement, 
network load balancing, frequency management, demand side response, and 
demand side and load management. The optimization of network assets is 
made viable by the near real-time remuneration of asset owners. 

2.7 ELECTRIC VEHICLES  

This class of Platform Application facilitates real time metering data 
(interfacing with the Open Charge Point Protocol (OCPP)), collection of data, 
user identification and rapid transaction settlement. 

2.8 POWER PORT 

A class of Platform Application whereby virtual pipeline and roadside 
assistance type assets may be automated via the platform, such as EVs, and 
can provide a mobile storage discharge facility maintaining energy supplies to 
predominantly self-sufficient energy consumers. 

2.9 CARBON TRADING   

This Platform Application class offers smart contracts for carbon traders to 
assure digital transactions across organizations: credibility of asset using 
immutable distributed ledger technology; and transparency and auditability. It 
supports reporting and surrendering of carbon credits or certificates to 
regulatory authorities.  

2.10     TRANSMISSION EXCHANGE  

In the management of transmission networks, the Platform can provide real 
time metering data, collection of big data, right to access and dispatch assets, 
rapid transaction settlement, and network load balancing, responding to non-
stationary energy.  

	  



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 15	

3.0 POWER LEDGER’S ACHIEVEMENTS 
 

3.1  INTRODUCTION  

After months of research and planning, Power Ledger Pty Ltd (Power Ledger) 
was officially formed in May 2016 to address three of the major challenges 
facing the energy system globally: 

1. Finding a way to include individuals in high-density housing in the 
booming distributed energy economy; 

2. Re-inventing electricity networks to provide an incentive for the 
connection of DER; and  

3. Mitigating the risk of stranding multiple billions of dollars in valuable 
network assets. 

Power Ledger developed and trialled Australia’s first P2P energy trading 
network in Busselton, Western Australia in August 2016. At the time, that was 
the biggest and most advanced trial in the world. This was quickly followed up 
with the world’s first P2P blockchain-enabled energy trading platform across a 
regulated distribution network in Auckland, New Zealand working with New 
Zealand’s largest energy network business, Vector Ltd. 

Power Ledger has successfully separated the crypto-nature of the blockchain 
from a fiat-currency based financial exchange, satisfying regulated banking 
institutions to the point where we are now supporting P2P energy exchange 
between individuals connected via regulated networks using local fiat 
currencies. 

Power Ledger has developed and deployed a commercial energy management 
system that facilitates the transparent allocation of on-site generated 
renewable energy to tenants in multi-unit apartments, providing, for the first 
time, a real financial incentive for deployment to jointly-owned multi-tenanted 
dwellings. 

Power Ledger is working with property developers, one of which is Sustainable 
Settlements at the Witchcliffe Ecovillage, to support the creation of sustainable 
urban settlements. By using our unique energy-trading platform to support the 
high-penetration of DER in communities, we are able to exploit the 
naturaldiversity of demand and minimise the use of DER resources, while still 
achieving 100% renewable energy use. 

Power Ledger has developed a series of world-leading Platform Applications, 
such as its P2P energy trading application (interface shown in Figure 3.1.1), 
meaning businesses, such as Utilities, can now host trading on the Platform.  

3.0 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 16	

Our experience, gained from decades of work in the energy industry and honed 
by working with our partners throughout our trials, has led us to conceive how 
best to go about democratising the world’s power systems. 

We believe this is best achieved through the rapid implementation of our 
disruptive, consumer-driven transactive techologies, by fostering incentives, 
and by enabling collaboration between consumers, prosumers and industry 
incumbents. 

Power Ledger’s partners are rapidly increasing in number, and more recently 
we welcomed other new Application Hosts who will host trading on the 
Platform to accelerate the reach of community-focused trading enterprises 
globally. 

 

 
  

Figure 3.1.1: An 
example of the 
data an 
Application Host 
would see in 
Power Ledger’s 
developed 
interface. 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 17	

3.2.  THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
	

Bill Tai | Board Advisor 

Originally trained as a chip designer, Bill joined LSI Logic, a seminal 
Silicon Valley startup formed by the CEO of Fairchild Semiconductor 
after earning a BSEE with Honors from University of Illinois. After 
completing a MBA at Harvard, he was issued badge #A001 at TSMC, 
now among the most valuable tech companies in the world. He has 
been a venture capitalist since 1991 and today is the Chairman of 
Treasure Data, a Board Member of Bitfury and Voxer. Bill was Founding 
Chairman and CEO of iAsiaWorks (IPO via Goldman Sachs & Morgan 
Stanley) and Founding Chairman of IPinfusion. He has served as Board 
Director of 7 publicly listed companies that grew from startups he 
funded at their formative stages. He serves on the World Economic 
Forum's Technology Pioneer Committee and is an Adjunct Professor of 
Innovation at Curtin University.	

 

Dr. Jemma Green | Chair 

Jemma, as the Chair, provides the strategic external relations, risk 
management, and leadership development for Power Ledger. Jemma has 
more than 15 years’ experience in finance and risk advisory, having 
worked for 11 years in investment banking in London. Whilst there, she 
completed a Masters degree and two postgraduate diplomas from 
Cambridge University. Jemma is a research fellow at Curtin University 
Sustainability Policy (CUSP) Institute, whose doctoral research into 
“Citizen Utilities” has produced unique insights into the challenges and 
opportunities for the deployment of roof-top solar PV and battery storage 
within multi-unit developments and the application of the blockchain. 
Jemma is experienced in the challenges of sustainable cities through her 
role as an independent Councilor of the City of Perth. She is also the Chair 
of Climate-KIC Australia. 

David Martin | Managing Director 

David manages the daily operations and commercialization of Power 
Ledger’s technology, working to build the market acceptance of P2P 
trading and to gain the regulatory reforms required for democratization. 
David has nearly 20 years’ experience in the electricity industry and has 
held executive positions in two State-owned electricity utilities. David has 
spent the past 6 years as a senior consultant to industry participants, 
specializing in regulation of distribution networks, DNSP consumer 
engagement, renewable/new technology feasibility studies, and business 
development. David has significant experience in the challenges and 
opportunities facing regulated DNSPs as they transition to a new energy-
demand paradigm that sees customer behavior leading technology and 
service demand changes that can present “make or break” opportunities 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 18	

for DNSPs. David is passionate about the development of a low-carbon 
electricity system focused on the needs of all consumers.  

John Bulich | Technical Director 

John provides the strategic direction for conceptual, system and 
application design and development for Power Ledger. John leads the 
technical team in the development of the Power Ledger Platform. John is 
a Director and Co-founder of Ledger Assets, a Perth-based blockchain 
developer specializing in the creation and commercialization of technical 
and commercial blockchain systems. Ledger Assets has successfully 
developed and deployed world-first blockchain-based products proving 
the provenance of artefacts including evidence-grade photography, 
video, document management and medical records management. 

Dr. Gov van Ek | Technical Development 

Gov works on technical development. In 2015, he Co-founded Ledger 
Assets, a leading Australian blockchain company. He has a PhD from 
University of Manchester in Total Technology and before Ledger Assets, 
he was Managing Director of a number of private and listed companies. 
He is an investor and business founder and launched his first software 
company in 1991. Gov is experienced in concept development, systems 
architecture and design, commercial matters and has expertise in 
human/computing interface design and A.I.  

Jenni Conroy | Company Secretary & Product Development 

Jenni is Power Ledger’s Company Secretary and manages regulatory and 
business services, which includes development of products for Power 
Ledger’s Platform. Jenni has more than 30 years’ experience in the 
Western Australian energy industry, holds Master’s Degrees in both 
Business and Commercial Law, and is the owner of Future Effect, an 
energy sector consulting firm. Jenni has provided strategic, commercial, 
and regulatory advice to boards and senior management of Energy 
Market Participants and to governments in developing energy policy and 
regulation. She has built an enviable reputation in the West Australian 
electricity sector for economic and technical regulation, industry 
development, and electricity entity valuation. 

  

Co-founder & 
Director

Dr. Gov van Ek



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 19	

3.3  THE TEAM 

 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 20	

 

4.0 TECHNICAL OVERVIEW    

 
4.1  INTRODUCTION 

The Power Ledger Platform is the Ecosystem that enables interoperability 
between diverse market management/pricing mechanisms and units of 
electricity (kWh) by way of pre-purchased tokens.  

The Power Ledger Platform provides a transparent governance framework that 
allows the Ecosystem to seamlessly interface with energy markets around the 
globe, bringing innovation and a wide range of network benefits to consumers.  

This approach means the Ecosystem is adaptable and scalable for applications 
within any existing or future regulatory environment, achieving the dynamic 
agility required to adapt to any number of regulatory structures.  This dynamic 
agility, allows a redefinition of where Application Hosts (utilities, retailers, 
property managers, etc.) and customers (users) are positioned in the 
Ecosystem and who has market power in any transactive arrangement.  

The market flexibility of the Ecosystem is facilitated by deployment of a dual 
token Ecosystem (POWR and Sparkz) operating throughout its two blockchain 
layers.  

POWR tokens are the frictionless blockchain tokens that allow Application 
Hosts and Participants access to and use of the Platform (like a limited 
software licensing permission).  

Sparkz tokens are issued against escrowed POWR tokens, via a Smart Bond, 
and used by the Application Host to onboard its customers. 

Application Hosts are entities and businesses that run an Application on the 
Platform. For example, a utility company using the Platform will be an 
Application Host, as is an EV-charging services business. A Decentralized 
Autonomous Organization can also become an Application Host. 

 “Off the shelf” applications may be used in the Ecosystem. Applications such 
as FuseBox, Power Ledger’s P2P Energy Trading Application which acts as a 

“Utility in a box”, allowing Utilities to manage and on-board participants to the 
Platform and to reap the technology benefits and cost advantages it offers.  

Applications may also be developed by third parties, using the Platform’s 
designs and services to fast track innovative consumer applications. The 

4.0 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 21	

POWR to Sparkz ratio for third party developers may be adjusted depending on 
their customer feedback and reputation. 

Sparkz, the “low level” token, are specifically limited to representing the 
tokenized value of a unit of electricity in varying markets around the world. 
Sparkz and POWR tokens will be exchangeable, connecting the functions of the 
Ecosystem. Sparkz maintain a steady exchange rate between local market 
electricity prices and the exchange priced POWR token.    

Figure 4.1.1 shows the design architecture where Application Hosts (i.e. an 
energy utility company) will buy POWR tokens from the open market.  

 

Consumer and Prosumers buy and sell energy, which is settled with Sparkz 
tokens and may redeem the Sparkz for cash via their Application Host. 

The level of disruption from the Ecosystem is able to be controlled by 
Application Hosts ensuring rapid and early adoption of the technology whilst 
supporting Utilities’ needs to migrate at a speed that works for their 

organization.  This controlled deployment of the disruptive benefits will also 
help Application Hosts to transfer technology to consumers, helping them to 
grow their consumer base using their local market knowledge. 

Figure 4.1.2 advances the concept such that POWR tokens can be used directly 
in P2P trading between Prosumers and Consumers, with near zero 

Figure 4.1.1: The 
retail model for 
working with existing 
market structures  
 

Figure 4.1.2: The direct 
peer-to-peer model for 
working within 
deregulated market 
structures 
 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 22	

intermediation - and this is the way markets will operate as deregulation in the 
sector moves forward in the years to come. 

4.2  POWR TOKEN  

The POWR token will serve as the fuel of the Power Ledger Ecosystem.  

POWR tokens help to facilitate low cost and better returns on electricity. They 
interact with the Ecosystem through:  

• Providing governance and consumer protection through Smart Bond 
technology (section 4.4)  

• Facilitating access to use the Platform (section 4.4) 
• Providing loyalty rewards to Participants (see section 4.6);  
• Contributing and connecting with renewable energy charities and 

organizations (see section 4.6);  
• Providing access priority to Asset Germination Events and benefits from 

an asset’s ‘POWR’ generation (see section 5.5.7); and 

4.3  DUAL TOKEN ECOSYSTEM 

To synchronize the Ecosystem globally and create cross-market electricity 
compatibility, a second token, Sparkz, is used for Ecosystem transactions.  

Sparkz tokens are priced, issued, and redeemed in the local currency of the 
Platform Participant. 

Purchasing a sufficient amount of POWR tokens allows Application Hosts 
access to the Ecosystem from where they can convert their POWR tokens to 
Sparkz and on-board their customer base. 

POWR tokens are required to generate Sparkz. Sparkz are a local market level 
token and are priced for the exchange market they are deployed in, e.g. In 
Australia 1 Sparkz = 1 cent AUD. They allow for frictionless transacting 
throughout the FuseBox applications. 

4.4  POWR TOKENS ARE ACCESS PERMISSION TOKENS  

POWR tokens allow the Application Hosts and their consumers to gain access 
to the P2P trading features and other Power Ledger applications.  

As an example, an Application Host would need to purchase enough POWR 
tokens to generate the necessary Sparkz for their consumers to transact 
electricity in their home market. The Application Host will need to maintain a 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 23	

sufficient number of POWR tokens to generate the necessary Sparkz required, 
for their consumer base.  

In a deregulated market, where Participants are able to trade directly with each 
other without the need for intermediaries, Participants will be able convert their 
POWR tokens directly to Sparkz and transact on the platform without an 
Application Host. 

To use services on the Platform each Application Host will require POWR 
tokens to transact for Sparkz, in their local jurisdiction. POWR tokens can be 
seen as the global token that opens access to the Platform for all Participants, 
to on-board the system. The POWR token is the access token, like a software 
license, that grants ability for Application Hosts to transact on the Platform, 
through trading POWR tokens for Sparkz.  

Once an Application Host has exhausted all POWR tokens they can no longer 
transact on the Platform until they obtain more POWR to provide Platform 
access.  

4.5  POWR FUNCTIONS AND SMART BONDS 

For incumbent market participants, the POWR token will provide not only 
access to the network, but also the Smart Bond functionalities.  

POWR tokens from the growth pool will be gifted to incentivize Application 
Hosts to use and contribute to the development of the Platform Applications 
and on-board their Consumers to facilitate its global reach.  

Application Hosts such as Energy Retailers and Network Utilities will be 
required to provide the POWR tokens as surety for the Sparkz they receive from 
the Platform. The Sparkz are then used to transact electricity between their 
Customers in their home market. 

POWR tokens will be escrowed for Sparkz in an Ethereum Smart Bond, and can 
only be unlocked from the Smart Bond upon the return of the Sparkz.  

It is expected Application Hosts will need to acquire more POWR tokens over 
time to facilitate an increase in transactions as their consumer base grows and 
the technology becomes more widely adopted. The more POWR tokens that are 
escrowed for Sparkz, the more organic demand is created for the POWR tokens.  

The Smart Bond contract will ensure consumer protection in the event of the 
failure of an Application Host (i.e. bankruptcy). P2P Consumers are able to 
redeem their Sparkz directly, against the POWR tokens previously provided as 
surety and port to another Application Host. 

Smart Bonds:  an 
automated contract 
bond using smart 
contract technology, 
that has in built code, 
to enforce compliance 
of the contract bond 
parties. 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 24	

4.6 POWR TOKENS ARE INCENTIVE TOKENS: A VIRTUOUS 
CYCLE 

All Prosumers generating and Consumers purchasing renewable energy are 
rewarded POWR tokens, under the Green Energy Loyalty Rewards program, for 
using the Platform. The incentive formula is weighted towards renewable 
energy producers. The Loyalty Incentive Program is funded by charging a small 
fee for all P2P transactions on the Platform. Part of the fee is then used to 
purchase POWR tokens on exchanges and distribute them under the program, 
incentivizing renewable energy generation. 

The goal of the POWR tokens is to ensure that incentives for Developers, 
Application Hosts, and Participants are all aligned and, as they contribute to 
the democratization of energy, they are rewarded for the evolution and future 
success of the Power Ledger Ecosystem. As the Ecosystem user-base grows, 
the demand for POWR™ tokens will likely increase.   

For the Platform to be truly global and decentralized, the POWR tokens may in 
the future facilitate Green Energy Generation Initiatives, driving sustainability. 
Customers could donate micro-portions of their transactions to charities 
and/or organizations that contribute towards innovative renewable and 
sustainable energy projects 

Through P2P trading of clean energy and the supporting of Green Energy 
Generation Initiatives, more users are incentivized to adopt the Platform 
creating a virtuous cycle for sustainable energy. 

4.7  POWR AND EXCHANGES  

The standardized Ethereum ERC20 POWR tokens may also be used on public 
exchanges. Exchanges are independent and not operated by Power Ledger. 
However, Exchanges serve to further decentralize and add transparency to 
POWR tokens, by giving the holders of POWR the choice to exit or enter the 
token Platform. 

POWR tokens provide efficiency in the ease of transfer for clean energy. 
Participants with POWR tokens will be able to instantly transact through an 
Application Host once the Platform is live in their region and the requisite 
regulatory framework emerges. As markets become fully deregulated the 
Participants will be able to transact directly through the platform without the 
requirement for Application Hosts. 

Prosumers and Consumers of the Power Ledger Ecosystem will be able to 
transfer and receive clean green energy credits anywhere in the world as the 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 25	

Platform is gradually rolled out globally. If a Prosumer or Consumer moves to 
another country, it is not necessary for them to close their account and exit the 
system. The Power Ledger Ecosystem will be a global Platform that allows 
users to migrate between applications and instantly transact with their POWR 
tokens. 

The transparent governance framework at the Ecosystems center will be 
inclusive by design, enabling an easy interface by Application Hosts. This will 
drive early adoption and allows seamless interfacing with energy markets 
around the world, bringing innovation and a wide range of network benefits to 
Consumers.  

At its core, the focus is providing lower cost energy and better returns on energy 
for citizen investors, whilst providing powerful incentives to prioritize the 
adoption of renewable clean energy.  

 

  



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 26	

5.0  TECHNOLOGY APPLICATION LAYERS  
 

 

Sustainability is one of Power Ledger's core values, therefore, we aim to 
minimize the energy consumed by any proof-of-work algorithm. 

For this reason, a hybrid public and consortium blockchain approach has 
been selected. POWR tokens on the public Ethereum blockchain and a fee-
less Ethereum blockchain handle the high transaction volume of P2P energy 
trading. 

We will transition entirely to a public proof-of-stake blockchain in due 
course.  

      Sustainable public blockchains are the future! 

5.1  ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN - PUBLIC LAYER 

The Public Layer utilizes the Ethereum blockchain and is where the Ecosystem 
interfaces with third party token exchanges.  

The Public Layer and third-party exchanges operate independently and are 
outside of Power Ledger Ecosystem’s control and provide the most advanced 
security and decentralization available to the ERC20 standard POWR tokens.  

Users may choose to exchange their POWR tokens publicly or store them and 
later utilize them within Power Ledger’s FuseBox P2P application software, 
if/when they become available within the user’s local energy marketplace.  

The Public Layer provides a mechanism for interfacing and transacting with the 
Consortium and Application Layers through the POWR tokens.  

5.2 POWER LEDGER CORE 

The Power Ledger Core layer is the public smart contracts layer which provides 
a trustless and open-sourced implementation of the key components of the 
POWR token Ecosystem: 

• POWR/Sparkz Exchanger and Smart Bond contract for Application 
Hosts; 

• Growth pool escrow services for POWR token beneficiaries; 

Public Blockchain: 
Anyone with an internet 
connection can set up as 
a node that is then 
synced with the entire 
blockchain history. Each 
transaction is verified 
and synced with every 
node affiliated with the 
blockchain before it is 
written to the system. 
This redundancy makes 
public blockchain 
extremely secure. 

5.0 

Oracles: where 
external information is 
accessed by Smart 
Contracts. The Oracle 
normally gives a 
history and often 
receives a financial 
incentive to report 
accurate information. 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 27	

• Customer POWR incentives and Green Energy Loyalty Rewards Program 
management;  

• Renewable Energy Assets Germination and participation Events; 
• Direct Participant POWR/Sparkz exchange for participation in 

deregulated P2P market structures; and 
• Oracles using smart contract to gather information external to the 

blockchain protocol required for internal operations and 
communicating with the consortium chain. 

5.3  ECOCHAIN SERVICES - CONSORTIUM BLOCKCHAI 

Power Ledger’s industry specific Consortium blockchain.  

Currently Power Ledger uses the EcoChain™ (EcoChain) blockchain, a private 
Proof of Stake (PoS), low-power blockchain developed in-house and live tested 
in the energy markets during trials in 2016 and 2017. EcoChain has been 
stress-tested in high-load environments and has provided valuable insights 
into blockchain functionality and compatibility, with energy data collection and 
settlement  

.  

Private Blockchain: 
Only a predetermined 
private entity writes 
and verifies each 
transaction. Though it 
does not offer the 
same decentralized 
security as its public 
counterpart, it exhibits 
greater efficiency and 
runs significantly 
faster. 
 
Proof of Stake (POS): 
concept states that a 
person can mine or 
validate block 
transactions 
according to how 
many coins he or she 
holds. 

Figure 5.3.1: 
The Ecosystem 
is realized by a 
number of 
technology 
layers 

***Built and in beta test 
 **Built and in alpha test 
  *Under development 
 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 28	

Power Ledger successfully developed EcoChain, in September 2016, its own 
private Proof-of-Stake blockchain for use in the power industry. It was 
deployed in Western Australia, and internationally in New Zealand, and is 
currently in use in a number of other existing trials.  

Power Ledger has already commenced the transition to a modified fee-less 
Consortium Ethereum network, while retaining its existing Ecochain system 
benefits for specific platform services where current Hosts run applications.  

Both Ethereum (consortium) and the original private EcoChain blockchain 
currently run in the Ecochain Services, Consortium Blockchain Layer. 

The transition means the EcoChain Services Blockchain layer is benchmarked 
against the latest blockchain technology while retaining 2016’s active 
settlement layers, and also ensures it is open to future Ethereum development 
and proposed Casper POS implementation.  

The transition also provides further benefits and enhanced token protocol 
functionality throughout the Ecosystem. The Ecochain Services Blockchain 
Layer functions include: 

• Sparkz token creation and management; 
• Fiat payment processor integration;  
• Storage and verification of smart meter readings and trading related 

data;  
• Autonomous Asset management; and 
• Green Energy Loyalty Rewards manager. 

5.4  STATE CHANNELS 

State Channels provide a way to execute blockchain transactions in an off-
chain manner by locking the blockchain state utilizing multi-signatures or 
smart contracts. In order to update the state, a specific set of Participants must 
completely agree with each other. Eventually the state is closed and sent to the 
blockchain. 

Due to the high frequency nature of energy transaction settlement, the Platform 
will increasingly utilize state channels to handle these events.  

  

Consortium 
Blockchain: is partly 
private and partly 
public. A few select 
nodes are 
predetermined to 
verify transactions. 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 29	

5.5 THE POWER LEDGER APPLICATIONS LAYER – FUSEBOX 

The Ecosystem’s Application Layer is the FuseBox. It’s where the magic 
happens! 

The Ecosystem’s architecture facilitates easy adaptation for both highly 
regulated and deregulated energy markets.  

The Ecosystem’s most advanced Application was developed by Power Ledger 
and is a versatile P2P Trading Application.  It allows for direct trading between 
Prosumers and Consumers with or without the inclusion of industry 
intermediaries such as market operators, retailers or transmission network 
operators. Application Hosts are already trialing this Application for their 
consumers. 

 

The Application was designed to be configured to suit prevailing market 
structures and existing regulations with the ability to reconfigure itself and 
continue trading seamlessly as policy change occurs within the local operating 
environment.  

Currently, all transacting of energy is performed via the Sparkz tokens, which 
are pegged to the local unit of currency. This allows for any number of 
economic and time-based pricing scenarios, to be applied across all countries 
and electricity pricing structures. 

Figure 5.5.1: 
Example of a 
FuseBox 
application: 
Neo-Retailers 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 30	

User migration is possible via the standard POWR token, which has its Sparkz 
conversion rates anchored to the currency of the financial market where it was 
originally deployed. 

5.5.1  METER READINGS 
Meter reading details are recorded in intervals of 1 to 30 minutes depending on 
the Application Host’s requirements and can be displayed to the Participant, in 
near real-time or 24 hour delayed depending on the hardware and 
communication network available. Trial readings in 2016 and early 2017 were 
generally taken every 15-30 minutes, for design and stress testing of the 
Platform and to provide the most realistic actual trade matching time interval.  

5.5.2 TRADE ENGINE 
Power Ledger has developed its own unique trade matching algorithms which 
transact available power equitably, between Prosumers and Consumers, 
without favoring any of the Participants.  

Consumer orders on both sides of the market are filled in equal increments and 
cycled continuously, until the market has cleared. This allows new consumers 
to on-ramp and immediately receive equal allocation of the available pool of 
renewable energy in their area, whilst minimizing the distance between 
consumers. This has an impact on transmission efficiencies and thus 
minimizing carbon emissions.  

Trading run cycles are configurable and can be selected, based on the 
Application Host’s requirements. They currently range from 5 minutes to 24 
hours. 

5.5.3  TRADING GROUP BUILDER 
Power Ledger’s trading group priority allows for maximum flexibility in the 
trading configuration of the various Application Hosts. Individual meters can 
be grouped and their electricity transacted within market and proximity based 
priority groups (See example in Figure 5.5.3.1). 

Platform Participants trade within a specified trading group configured by their 
Application Host (regulated) or by Power Ledger (unregulated). Participants 
with remaining import/export kWh to trade move up the trade priority groups 
until all remaining kWh are sold. 

A Retailer or Neo-Retailer may ultimately fill any remaining orders acting as the 
“risk manager” or the buyer and seller of last resort. 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 31	

Trading groups can also be determined autonomously by pre-configured 
network condition monitoring. This provides the underpinning framework for 
dynamic distribution markets, within smart-networks.   

 

5.5.4  BLOCKCHAIN 
Currently readings are recorded directly into the EcoChain Blockchain Services 
Interface as they are collected from smart power meters, via a suite of Power 
Ledger APIs. All energy trading is similarly immediately settled via the interface 
as they occur and provides for a secure and trustworthy audit trail, for all 
Participants. The existing EcoChain was designed to run multiple private 
blockchains (allocated to cover geographical areas) with tangling into a public 
blockchain, that also minimize data mining for maximum scalability.  

5.5.5  GEO-LOCATION PRIORITY (UNDER DEVELOPMENT) 
As Prosumers generate and export electricity to the grid, the electricity naturally 
flows to its closest consumption point. Power Ledger’s Trade Engine 2.0 is 
currently being designed to geo-locate Participants and prioritizes proximity to 
assist in network load balancing and provide economic incentive for the 
deployment of distributed generation sources, at efficient intervals across the 
distribution network. 

Power Ledger’s blockchain P2P trade and settlement engine provides the 
backbone for other FuseBox applications. 

Figure 5.5.3.1: 
Example of 
Trading Priority 
Groups  
 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 32	

5.5.6 CONSUMER CHOICES 
Power Ledger’s Ecosystem puts choice in the hands of the Consumer by 
allowing them to specify where they want to purchase their energy from.  

For example, an energy consumer may choose to pay a premium to ensure their 
energy comes from locally produced solar energy at buildings built with eco-
materials, this incentivizes eco-driven choices. 

5.5.7 AUTONOMOUS ASSETS AND ASSET GERMINATION EVENTS 
Power Ledger’s current Autonomous Asset (AA) management module allows 
for shared ownership and trading of renewable assets. The AA is able to buy 
and sell its own electricity and distribute its income to assigned wallet 
addresses (See example in Figure 5.5.7.1) 

This allows communities to collectively invest in renewable energy 
infrastructure increasing the rate we move towards a zero emissions future. 

  

C00344: PV manufacturer 
asset owner 
APT-02: Apartment and partial 
PV owner 
APT-BLDG: Strata Company, 
income only used to pay for 
common areas power 
consumption 
APT-PV01: PV asset wallet 
used to fund its own 
maintenance and replacement  

Figure 5.5.7.1: 
Example of 
Autonomous Asset 
Management 
Application 
 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 33	

6.0 ROADMAP & MILESTONES 
 

Our goal is for the adoption of the Platform and Ecosystem globally.   

We aim to democratize power: to bring the benefits of our technology to 
consumers leading to lower power bills, better prices for excess renewable 
power, and use of cleaner energy.   

At the same time, we aim to help businesses to host advanced applications and 
services in a rapid, transparent, and profitable way. 

6.1. POWER LEDGER DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP 

The development funds will be allocated towards meeting the following 
milestones: 

6.1.1  Q3 2017 
TOKEN GENERATION EVENT  
The Token Generation Event will ultimately allow the substantially accelerated 
platform development and incentivization of early users onto the Platform. 

6.1.2  Q4 2017 
APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT 

The first Applications to be in beta testing after the Token Sale will be the Microgrid / 
Embedded Network Operator/Strata and the Electric Vehicle Trading Applications. 

GREEN ENERGY LOYALTY REWARDS PROGRAM 

The green energy incentive formula weighted towards renewable energy producers 
will begin and accelerate renewable energy generation  

6.1.3  Q1 2018 
BEGIN DISTRIBUTION OF GROWTH POOL  

Early Application Hosts will be gifted POWR tokens to incentivize their use of and 
contribution to the Platform   

TECHNOLOGY LAYERS TRANSITION 

Power Ledger will complete the transition to a modified fee-less Consortium 
Ethereum network  

  

6.0 



Power	Ledger	Pty	Ltd	Copyright	©	2018	 34	

6.1.4  Q3 2018 
FIRST ASSET GERMINATION EVENT  

Power Ledger and Platform Application Hosts will begin conducting Asset 
Germination Events. 

MARKETING AND PARTNERSHIPS 

As new Applications are developed potential Application Hosts will be targeted and/or 
Power Ledger may directly deploy the Application 

6.1.5 Q4 2018 
BETA TEST OF NEW APPLICATIONS 

Begin beta test of Autonomous Asset Management and Neo-Retailer and Carbon 
Trading Applications 

6.1.6 Q2 2019 
FREQUENT ASSET GERMINATION EVENTS  

Asset Germination Events will be frequently conducted by Power Ledger and its 
Application Hosts. 

TRANSITION TO PUBLIC BLOCKCHAIN 

Power Ledger aims to be operating fully on a public PoS blockchain.  

6.1.7 Q3 2019 
POWERPORT & FUTURE APPLICATIONS 

Begin beta testing of the PowerPort Application, as well as Wholesale Market 
Settlement, Distributed Market Management, and other future Applications that 
cannot even be imagined yet! 

 

 

 

 


