




































7/4/2018 https://raiden.network/faq.html

https://raiden.network/faq.html 1/13

Raiden Overview

State & Vision

What is Raiden?

What is the Raiden Network?

Which problems does the Raiden Network solve?

▸ Scalability

▸ Latency

▸ Transaction fees

▸ Improving privacy

What is μRaiden?

What is Raidos?

ELI5, how does the Raiden Network work?

What is a payment channel?

Why is the Raiden Network a network?

What is the status of the Raiden project?

Will the Raiden Network actually work?

▸ "Routing cannot be performed efficiently."

▸ "Intermediate transfers create a bottleneck on liquidity due to locked up tokens."

▸ "The Raiden Network cannot support large transfers."

▸ "Natural wealth distribution will cause a centralized network."

▸ "Channels degrade over time."

▸ "Nodes may become unresponsive."



7/4/2018 https://raiden.network/faq.html

https://raiden.network/faq.html 2/13

Fees

Other Questions

Comparison to other projects

Are there fees in the Raiden Network?

Will there be a dedicated token for the Raiden Network?

Is the Raiden Network spam-resistant?

Can ETH be transferred over the Raiden Network?

Is there a white paper?

Who is developing Raiden?

How is it different from the Lightning Network?

How is it different from Sharding?

How is it different from Plasma?

How is it different from IOTA’s tangle?

How is the project related to the Raidex decentralized exchange?

How is the project related to the Trustlines Network?

Can the Raiden Network be used with other blockchains?

Raiden Overview
What is Raiden?
Raiden is an open source project that aims to scale Ethereum by
using state channel technology.

What is the Raiden Network?



7/4/2018 https://raiden.network/faq.html

https://raiden.network/faq.html 3/13

The Raiden Network is an off-chain transfer network for Ethereum
ERC20 tokens. It provides a fast, scalable, and cheap alternative
to on-chain token transfers. At the same time, the Raiden Network
transfers provide users with guarantees of finality, security, and
decentralization similar to those known from blockchains.

Which problems does the Raiden
Network solve?
The Raiden Network is a technology that leverages off-chain
payment channel networks to address these substantial issues on
the Ethereum blockchain:

Scalability
Blockchains do not scale well. Current public, permissionless
blockchains are unable to achieve more than a low, fixed number
of transactions per second. Ethereum has been shown to reach its
cap at about 10 transactions per second. Short-term scaling
solutions, like raising maximum computation performed per block
by a constant factor, will not be able to support continued
mainstream adoption.

The Raiden Network will provide a payment system based on
payment channel technology that scales with the number of its
users. This means that the bigger the Raiden Network becomes,
the higher its maximum throughput will be, with practically no
upper limit in sight.

Latency
Blockchains are slow. At the moment, Ethereum mines a new
block approximately every 15 to 30 seconds. To reach practical
finality of a transaction, confirmation times of several minutes have
to be endured. This significantly degrades user experience and
hinders mainstream adoption.

Raiden Network transfers are as fast as text messages. The
moment you receive a signed Raiden transfer, you can be certain
that you now hold the amount included in the transfer. There is no
need to wait for any confirmations.



7/4/2018 https://raiden.network/faq.html

https://raiden.network/faq.html 4/13

Transaction fees
Using blockchains is expensive. Once a blockchain hits its limit,
paying high enough fees to be included in a block becomes a
competitive endeavor, as is the case with Bitcoin today. Ethereum
will be no different, eventually leading to even higher confirmation
times and transaction fees on the order of a few dollars per
transaction. For the vision of a global, decentralized, and
dependable computer this is highly detrimental.

Raiden Network transfer fees will be several orders of magnitude
lower than on-chain transaction fees. Instead of paying for global
consensus, you only pay for forwarding peer-to-peer consensus.
Low fees allow for a long tail of new use cases which have not
been practical before due to high transaction costs. Especially IoT
and the Machine-to-Machine economy depend on being able to
transfer tiny values. Raiden aims to be the predominant payment
layer for these applications.

Improving privacy
Ethereum transactions are public, whereas Raiden transfers will be
private between the payer, the payee, and the nodes forwarding
the transfer. When channels are settled, only the sum of
transactions will become visible to the entire world.

What is μRaiden?
μRaiden (Micro Raiden) shares some properties with the Raiden
Network. It can provide trustless, instant and free transfers
between two parties. It is intended for many-to-one payment
setups, like users interacting with a Dapp. However, it is not
suitable for many-to-many payment setups as it requires users to
lock up tokens upfront for every potential payee. This limitation
comes with reduced technological complexity, allowing µRaiden to
be used on the mainnet today.

What is Raidos?



7/4/2018 https://raiden.network/faq.html

https://raiden.network/faq.html 5/13

Raidos (or Raiden 2.0, “dos” is spanish for "two") is a proposed
sidechain technology to generalize state channels. While the
Raiden Network is limited to ERC20 token transfers, Raidos aims
to scale Ethereum’s generalized computation capabilities through
a network of satellite chains, which can host any smart contract.
This technology is similar and complementary to Ethereum's
sharding.

ELI5, how does the Raiden Network
work?
If you think of a blockchain as a universally trusted but very slow
bank that charges you for wire transfers, then the Raiden Network
offers checks that will never bounce back when cashed at that
bank. Once you receive a Raiden check from someone, you can
be absolutely certain that this check is real and that you are now
richer than you were moments ago. But neither you nor your payer
had to stand in line at the bank or wait for the clerk to perform a
wire transfer. You can decide to cash this check at the bank at any
time, potentially with hundreds and thousands of other checks
simultaneously and you only need to pay fees once when turning
all of these checks in. If your payer had instead made a single wire
transfer per payment, he would have paid a lot more in fees and
both of you would have waited a lot longer for a confirmation. As a
side-effect, the bank is happy too because this system significantly
reduces internal workload.

What's more, you don't even need to be in contact with the person
that wants to give you a check. It is entirely sufficient if you know
someone who knows someone who eventually knows someone
that knows this other person. They all pass checks on to each
other until one finally reaches you. But all of them are only valid if
you confirm to everyone that you have received yours in the end.

The Raiden Network will take care of connecting you and your
partner through this network of bank customers and will make sure
that all checks are as binding as actually visiting the blockchain
bank for a transfer.

What is a payment channel?



7/4/2018 https://raiden.network/faq.html

https://raiden.network/faq.html 6/13

p y
Payment channels are a technology that enables off-chain
transfers of on-chain tokens. This works by first depositing the
tokens in a payment channel contract. Then, transfers can be
performed by sending signed messages directly between two
parties without any involvement of the blockchain itself. Therefore,
transaction frequency is only limited by the hardware of sender
and receiver. But best of all, there are literally no transaction fees,
other than for a one-time on-chain deposit and eventual
settlement.

Since only the two participants have access to the deposit in the
payment channel's smart contract, payment channel transfers are
immune to double-spending attacks, making them as secure as
on-chain transactions.

Why is the Raiden Network a
network?
For every payment channel, tokens have to be deposited and are
subsequently locked for the lifetime of the channel. It is easy to
see that this makes opening payment channels with everyone
infeasible: A huge amount of tokens would be required.

Instead, Raiden creates a network connecting all participants
transitively through routes of payment channels. As long as there
exists a route connecting payer and payee, the Raiden Network
will enable token transfers just as if they were directly connected.
This way, every participant only has to open a few channels, but
will still able to transfer to any other peer.

State & Vision
What is the status of the Raiden
project?
Raiden currently consists of three independent projects: µRaiden,
Raiden Network, and Raidos.



7/4/2018 https://raiden.network/faq.html

https://raiden.network/faq.html 7/13

There is a working implementation of µRaiden, which will be
deployed on the Ethereum main net shortly.

The Raiden Network is still in development. A developer preview
will be released soon and allow Dapp developers to get a first
impression of the API and the properties of the system, also
enabling them to build prototypes that interact with the Raiden
Ropsten-based test network. In its current state the technology is
not ready for production use. Significant tooling and even changes
to the core protocol still need to be developed.

Raidos is currently only in its planning phase and development
has not been kicked off yet.

On a more general note, you can always check the current state of
development at our GitHub: https://github.com/raiden-
network/raiden (https://github.com/raiden-network/raiden)

Will the Raiden Network actually
work?
The Raiden Network already works in its current state. Transfers
can be sent instantly to any participant in the network using a
simple routing mechanism and intermediate transfers.

We are, however, aware of criticism surrounding the idea of
networks like Lightning and Raiden. We want to address some of
the most common ones here.

"Routing cannot be performed efficiently."
Scalable Routing is indeed one of the biggest issues of payment
channel networks. There is a trade-off between centralization,
privacy, and efficiency. Simulations have shown that our approach
of combining a Kademlia-like structured network with a federation
of path finding helpers allows for efficient and scalable path finding
while preserving decentralization and privacy.

"Intermediate transfers create a bottleneck on
liquidity due to locked up tokens."

https://github.com/raiden-network/raiden


7/4/2018 https://raiden.network/faq.html

https://raiden.network/faq.html 8/13

This is not the case. While it is true that for the duration of a
Raiden transfer, intermediate tokens are locked up and cannot be
used elsewhere, this has no noticeable effect on network liquidity.
The time it takes for a transfer to be completed is on the order of
tenths of a second with configurable timeouts to account for failing
nodes. When you decide to forward a transfer, it will be a matter of
at most a few seconds to regain control over your locked up
tokens.

Additionally, as long as you have enough tokens deposited in your
channel, you can forward multiple transfers at the same time. Each
node can forward many transfers per second, depending on their
deposits.

"The Raiden Network cannot support large
transfers."
This is partially true. The Raiden Network is not intended to
support large value transfers. A Raiden transfer requires each
channel on a route through the network to be able to relay the
desired amount. The bigger a transfer, the lower the probability
that there is a route of channels, each of which is able to support
the transfer. Currently, we recommend to perform large-scale
transfers on-chain. In the future, large transfers might simply be
split up over multiple channels.

"Natural wealth distribution will cause a
centralized network."
It is true that larger nodes will relay significantly more transfers
than smaller nodes, having more channels and higher deposits.
However, intermediary nodes cannot cheat, no matter how big they
are. Nor do bigger nodes prevent smaller ones from participating in
the network. The moment nodes stop accepting or forwarding
transfers is the moment they stop being nodes to the rest of the
network. It might very well be possible that wealthy institutions
provide large transfer hubs to make a profit on transfer fees but
this will only support the network with liquidity and competitive
fees, not endanger its decentralization.

"Channels degrade over time."



7/4/2018 https://raiden.network/faq.html

https://raiden.network/faq.html 9/13

This is only true in a naive system design. Without further systems
in place, channels will become imbalanced over time. However,
channels can be automatically rebalanced through proper
incentivization. Nodes can adjust their forwarding fees in such a
way that their channels remain balanced. Our simulations show
that this alone helps to prolong channel longevity by a great deal.

"Nodes may become unresponsive."
This is entirely expected and is an issue that is handled gracefully
in just about any modern peer-to-peer protocol. The Raiden
Network is no exception. Nodes going offline will cause the Raiden
Network to route transfers around that node within milliseconds.

While the network itself is resilient against unresponsive nodes,
individual participants could be attacked if they go offline: Their
channels may be closed fraudulently, requiring challenges that
they would be unable to submit. For this reason, payment
channels have challenge periods, meaning that down times would
not directly allow for an attack. Additionally, third parties providing
a challenging service will ensure that participants can safely go
offline.

Fees
Are there fees in the Raiden
Network?
Yes, there are two kinds of fees in the Raiden Network:

Protocol level fees
Peripheral fees

Protocol level fees are necessary to keep the payment channel
network balanced. Nodes will use fees to prevent their channels
from being depleted over time. These fees will be comparatively
small and be denominated in the token that is transferred in the
channel.



7/4/2018 https://raiden.network/faq.html

https://raiden.network/faq.html 10/13

Peripheral fees will be payable to services in the network that, for
example, assist with finding a path with sufficient capacity or
services that provide channel monitoring services for offline users.
Users running these services themselves will not need to pay
these fees but can earn them instead. It is assumed that >95% of
all nodes on the network will be light-clients happy to pay tiny fees
for the convenience of not having to run the full stack of services.

Will there be a Raiden Network
token?
Yes, peripheral services will be paid for in RDN tokens, a virtual
currency dedicated to pay for services within the Raiden Network.
Note that this token is not at the core of the protocol and only used
by participants who opt to pay for the convenience of not having to
run a full node.

Is the Raiden Network spam-
resistant?
Yes, spamming a single node does not harm the network as a
whole. Nodes throttle their connections and will disconnect
spammers.

Other Questions
Can ETH be transferred over the
Raiden Network?
Yes. While ETH currently does not qualify as an ERC20 token,
simple wrapper contracts exist that allow ETH to be treated just
like an ERC20 token.

Is there a white paper?



7/4/2018 https://raiden.network/faq.html

https://raiden.network/faq.html 11/13

Unfortunately not yet. We have been busy researching and
developing the software. But a protocol specification is in the
making and at some point the final design will be presented in a
white paper.

Who is developing Raiden?
Raiden is developed by brainbot, a company deeply committed to
the Ethereum ecosystem.

Comparison to other
projects
How is it different from the Lightning
Network?
The Raiden Network is very similar to the Lightning Network
(https://lightning.network/). In contrast to the Lightning Network,
the Raiden Network supports all ERC20 tokens instead of being
limited to the transfer of BTCs.

How is it different from Sharding?
Sharding (https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Sharding-FAQ) will
allow Ethereum to significantly scale overall transaction capacity,
basically by partitioning state over multiple chains. It’s a very
important and needed improvement which is complementary to the
Raiden Network. While sharding helps to scale, it will still have
suboptimal latency, cost and privacy properties for token transfers,
compared to the Raiden Network. In order to scale token transfer
capacity using shards, cross-shard communication is necessary,
which is expected to be even slower and similarly expensive as
transfers on Ethereum. While sharding is important, it is not an
optimal solution for token transfers.

How is it different from Plasma?

https://lightning.network/
https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Sharding-FAQ


7/4/2018 https://raiden.network/faq.html

https://raiden.network/faq.html 12/13

Plasma (http://plasma.io/) is a proposed concept to scale
transaction capacity using hierarchical trees of side chains. Similar
to sharding, it will not be able to provide the latency and low fee
properties as provided by the Raiden Network. Implementations of
Plasma will be complementary to the Raiden Network.

How is it different from IOTA’s
tangle?
Tangles are a new, interesting technology. Some aspects of them,
however, are not clear.

Concerning token transfers, current implementations of tangles
require a lot of computational resources because transaction
mining and validation are combined into a single process. This
makes them largely unfit for less powerful systems such as
smartphones or IoT devices. In contrast, Raiden transfers are
quick to create, requiring only a single elliptic curve signature to be
computed.

How is the project related to the
RaidEX (http://raidex.io)
decentralized exchange?
RaidEX is a Proof-of-Concept of a decentralized exchange built on
top the Raiden Network based on its atomic token swap feature.

How is the project related to the
Trustlines Network
(http://trustlines.network)?
The Trustlines Network implements the original Ripple
(https://ripple.com/) idea on Ethereum. Both projects are based on
the idea of channel networks and are complementary. At some
point, Trustlines could be built on top of the Raiden Network.

http://plasma.io/
http://raidex.io/
http://trustlines.network/
https://ripple.com/


7/4/2018 https://raiden.network/faq.html

https://raiden.network/faq.html 13/13

Can the Raiden Network be used
with other blockchains?
Blockchains supporting the Ethereum Virtual Machine will be able
to use the Raiden Network after manual modification to work with
their API. While this is not a focus of current development, it is
reasonable to expect the Raiden Network to work with Polkadot,
Dfinitiy, Cosmo, Hyperledger Burrow, EOS and others.


