












































 

 

Page 1 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

  



 

 

Page 2 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Table of Content 

 

1. Our Vision: ”Cryptocurrencies for Everyone!” ..................................................................... 4 

2. Our Story .............................................................................................................................. 9 

2.1. This is savedroid ........................................................................................................... 9 

2.2. Crypto Services ........................................................................................................... 13 

2.3. Partner Ecosystem ...................................................................................................... 16 

2.4. Team ........................................................................................................................... 17 

2.5. Media coverage ........................................................................................................... 28 

2.6. Awards ........................................................................................................................ 28 

3. The savedroid Token - SVD ................................................................................................ 29 

3.1. Value and Strategy ...................................................................................................... 29 

3.2. Token Supply and Specification ................................................................................. 32 

3.3. Benefits of SVD Usage for Users and within the Ecosystem ..................................... 33 

3.4. SVD Price Variations ................................................................................................... 36 

4. The Initial Token Sale ......................................................................................................... 38 

4.1. Token Issuance ........................................................................................................... 38 

4.2. savedroid ITS Dates .................................................................................................... 39 

4.3. SVD Distribution and Allocation Scheme ................................................................... 41 

4.4. How to Buy SVDs ......................................................................................................... 44 

4.5. Bounty Programs ........................................................................................................ 44 

4.6. Transparency and Trust .............................................................................................. 45 

5. Status quo & Roadmap ...................................................................................................... 47 

6. Financial Model .................................................................................................................. 53 

7. Acknowledgements ............................................................................................................ 55 

Legal Note ................................................................................................................................. 56 

 



 

 

Page 3 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

  



 

 

Page 4 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

1. Our Vision: ”Cryptocurrencies for Everyone!” 

savedroid, the award-winning German FinTech specialized in artificial intelligence (“AI”) 

saving technology, has geared up to democratize cryptocurrencies: savedroid will 

create a unique AI fueled ecosystem of crypto saving and investing for the 

masses. Users will profit from easy access to AI-based crypto saving plans in Bitcoin, 

Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, IOTA, Dash, Stellar, etc. and superior crypto 

investment opportunities, such as portfolios, derivatives, and ICOs, without any 

technological adoption barriers. savedroid eliminates today’s complex and painful 

processes by creating a smart User Experience (“UX”), which conveniently auto-converts 

savings to cryptocurrencies, securely stores them, and makes them easily accessible, 

tradeable, and spendable. Hence, savedroid is the first German ICO1 driving crypto 

inclusion. 

savedroid will leverage its existing core assets of state-of-the-art AI technology 

and great UX based on maximum simplification and emotional gamification to 

deliver this exceptional value proposition. In fact, savedroid is the very first ICO of a 

German stock corporation that follows German legislation and regulation to provide 

participants with the highest level of security. 

So, join us in making the crypto world accessible for the masses and finally democratize 

financial services: Give power to the people! 

 

savedroid is committed to a clear roadmap leveraging its existing core assets:  

TODAY AI platform for saving and spending in fiat: Self-learning AI algorithm 

analyzing and optimizing users' personal finances to fulfil their wishes 

and maximize their lifestyle with 200K+ app downloads, 10M+ saving 

transactions, 4.2 app rating and 97% recommendation rate based on great 

UX, renowned B2B-Partners such as Deutsche Börse, Wirecard, etc., and an 

                                                

1 Initial Coin Offering - although savedroid will offer a token and not a coin, we use ICO as a more common 
synonym in our communication. In this Whitepaper we will usually use the more correct technical 
expression Initial Token Sale (“ITS”). 



 

 

Page 5 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

experienced diverse team of AI, UX, Tech, Finance, and Marketing experts. 

2018 Self-learning AI algorithm enabling convenient crypto saving in Bitcoin, 

Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, IOTA, Dash, Stellar, etc., 

providing easy access without technological barriers. 

2019 Self-learning AI algorithm enabling smart saving and spending in and 

across cryptocurrencies, providing hassle-free crypto trading and 

payments. 

2020 Self-learning AI algorithm enabling smart investments in cryptocurrency 

portfolios, futures, and ICOs, providing cost-efficient and diversified 

returns. 

 

Following this roadmap savedroid brings crypto saving and investing to the masses. 

Thereby, savedroid consistently extends its value proposition of enabling users to 

maximize their lifestyle and fulfil their wishes by saving more and spending less without 

even thinking about it. Through expanding the savedroid ecosystem to cryptos, 

savedroid finally provides average mass market users – like our existing user base 

– with easy access to cryptocurrencies and enables them to participate in the huge 

crypto opportunity to fulfil their wishes even faster. 

 

Cryptocurrencies offer many advantages: They are fully decentralized and, hence, no 

bank can charge high fees and no government can take them away, they are fast and 

offer immediate settlement, and they are also very safe, just to name a few.2 There is 

only one problem: complex technological adoption barriers for average mass 

market users. Therefore, the world needs a crypto simplifier! 

 

  

                                                

2 https://decentralize.today/5-benefits-of-cryptocurrency-a-new-economy-for-the-future-925747434103 



 

 

Page 6 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Currently, the crypto world is like a deep jungle for many who have not grown up with 

Bitcoin, wallets, tokens, etc. The incredible hype around Bitcoin has raised many 

people’s attention. But, still, the adoption barriers for mass market users are extremely 

high. Just think about the cumbersome selection of a crypto exchange, the registration, 

selecting and maintaining a wallet, and storing and handling private keys. 

Honestly, the user experience along the entire user journey completely sucks – 

and, even worse, it keeps many from getting into cryptocurrency investments. No 

doubt, there are great crypto companies with cool products out on the market. But we 

at savedroid firmly believe that dealing with cryptocurrencies has to become much 

easier in order to reach the next growth step and make cryptos available to the masses. 

That’s why we are upgrading our mobile app to make cryptocurrency saving and 

investing just as simple as taking a photo. Our mission is to eliminate existing 

adoption barriers and make cryptocurrencies accessible for everyone. savedroid 

will offer smart and convenient crypto saving and investing. Absolutely no need for 

separate crypto exchanges, personal wallets, and private key handling. We aim to 

reduce the complexity of crypto savings and investments to a level that the mass market 

already knows and accepts when dealing with personal finances. This is simplification 

to the max. We call it the democratization of cryptocurrencies. 

 

savedroid is the right player to make it happen: Founded in Q4 2015 in 

Frankfurt/Germany, savedroid has built a proven track record of its capabilities to 

simplify traditional financial savings processes and drive mass market adoption. 

savedroid has successfully launched Europe’s first AI-based savings app, which has 

generated more than 200K+ downloads and more than 10M saving transactions since 

its launch in October 2016. savedroid creates significant economic value for mass 

market users through offering automated savings, i.e., a self-learning AI algorithm 

analyzing users’ checking accounts to identify the savings potential and situational 

relevant spend optimization, e.g., a self-learning AI algorithm identifying contract 

optimization potential for utilities, mobile, banking, insurances etc. 

 



 

 

Page 7 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

And this is savedroid’s “secret” sauce: Of course, people know that it would make 

sense to put money aside – in theory. Great wishes do need financing. But in real life, 

saving money is boring and difficult and it has another major disadvantage: putting 

money aside for a future goal prevents people from buying a lot of little goodies right 

on the spot. No good. So, in the end, saving money doesn’t feel like a cool thing to do, 

especially not for younger people. 

Then there is savedroid. We are changing this by connecting the saving transaction 

with users’ individual lifestyle, using our AI algorithm. Our approach has three 

important parts: Firstly, we make it easy and allow for micro savings. Secondly, we 

automate it, so that people don’t have to think about it each time they put money aside. 

Thirdly, we connect savings to unique events users personally like or dislike so that 

saving becomes emotional and cool. 

savedroid’s award-winning AI algorithm is based on self-learning “if-this-then-

that” rules, called smooves. For the start, users define personal saving goals called 

“wishes” (e.g., their next summer vacation, a new smartphone or the latest sneakers), 

things they want to purchase but can’t afford right now. Then users define personalized 

events that trigger saving transactions. To give an example, users can set the smoove: 

Save €5.00 every time I go running for at least 3 kilometers. Since the savedroid app is 

connected to the user’s fitness tracker, it notices every time you have been for a run. 

And since the savedroid app is connected to your bank account as well, it transfers the 

money to your savedroid savings account – just like that, fully automated and without 

the users needing to do anything. Over time, savedroid’s AI learns more about the 

individual user preferences and suggests personalized smooves to further 

optimize users’ saving and spending habits and enable them to fulfil their wishes 

even faster. 

In a nutshell, savedroid’s AI makes saving money easy, automated, and cool. And 

that is what we will now transfer to cryptocurrencies as well. savedroid will transfer the 

DNA of simplifying crypto saving and investing to provide average mass market users 

with easy access. savedroid will thereby support the growth of the crypto community 

and do its part to make cryptocurrencies the next big thing in our economy. 



 

 

Page 8 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Please also have a look at our “What’s savedroid’s vision?” video: 

 

https://youtu.be/YRDK5aqiP1U 

  

https://youtu.be/YRDK5aqiP1U
https://youtu.be/YRDK5aqiP1U


 

 

Page 9 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

2. Our Story 

2.1. This is savedroid 

Within only 2 years, savedroid has already left its mark in the German FinTech space. 

We have built an award-winning, cutting-edge AI savings ecosystem that is available for 

free on Android and iOS in Germany. The app is targeting a rather younger user group 

- 90% between 18 and 44 years - and has registered more than 200K downloads and 

multiple millions of saving transactions have been processed so far. We have created 

enormous economic value for our mass market users. And high customer satisfaction – 

just have a look at our app store ratings: 

 

 

 

It is savedroid’s goal to help people with putting money aside in a dedicated savings 

account, using personalized AI based savings rules. These rules — also known as 

“smooves”, a contraction of “smart saving move” — allow users to turn their everyday 

habits, such as exercising, checking their smartphone, using social media apps or 

shopping, into pure savings. savedroid has solved the challenge for common people to 

save money - it provides smart and fully-automated micro-savings and even spend 

optimization – using a self-learning algorithm with a convenient UX understandable for 

everybody. Thereby, we successfully democratized everyday savings. 

savedroid was selected to be a member of the Deutsche Börse Fintech Hub and 

Deutsche Börse Venture Network – a program run by one of the world’s leading stock 

exchanges to prepare selected growth companies for an IPO. 

https://itunes.apple.com/de/app/savedroid/id1155426185?mt=8
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.savedroid&utm_source=whitepaper


 

 

Page 10 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

 

Figure 1: Overview of savedroid 

 

2.1.1. Company History 

savedroid was founded as a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) in 2015 as part of the 

Unibator program of the Goethe University Frankfurt/Germany – the financial center of 

the Euro zone. Since then savedroid  has raised more than €3M in equity from renowned 

investors such as the Investment and Economic Development Bank of Rheinland-Pfalz 

(ISB), 360T Group Managing Partner Alfred Schorno, Infosys Germany Founder & former 

CEO Debjit D. Chaudhuri and Traxpay Founder Dr. Michael Rundshagen etc. Just a few 

months after its foundation savedroid already closed a partnership deal with Wirecard 

Bank and delivered the first mobile app with a fully deposit secured savings account. 

Not much later, savedroid launched a credit card so that saved money can be spent 

easily to purchase the desired wishes. 



 

 

Page 11 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

In 2017, savedroid closed a growth funding round that helped to boost its customer 

base to 200K downloads and more than 10M processed savings transactions. savedroid 

now employs a team of 20 professionals. 

 

Figure 2: Age distribution of savedroid’s user base 

 

2.1.2. Core Products 

AI-based Saving 

Unlike most FinTech companies, savedroid targets the average consumer who does not 

want to spend his time doing financial research. savedroid does not address a small 

elite group of hardcore financial experts but the vast majority of mobile users (yes, it is 

an immense market potential). savedroid’s users are looking for an easy-to-use, 

lifestyle-oriented and even fun way of micro-saving to fulfill their wishes, like their next 

vacation or new notebook. And who does not need to save some money for bigger ticket 

purchases? 



 

 

Page 12 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

But how does it work? Based on our AI technology, so called “smooves” turn the user’s 

everyday activities into automated savings, e.g.: You go for a run – savedroid saves €5.00 

for you, you hit the snooze button – we save €0.50 for you, you buy at Amazon – we save 

5% for you … and many more.  

Via our partner bank Wirecard, we offer every user a free savings account. With every 

triggered smoove, a small sum is transferred to the savings account, so that the saved 

amount grows day by day. 

And the system is working: multiple millions of savings transactions have been triggered 

through the savedroid app and multiple millions of euros have been set aside to achieve 

our users’ individual wishes and maximize their lifestyle. 

Optimization of Spend 

savedroid is not only about “saving money” in the meaning of “putting money aside” but 

also in the meaning of spending less for everyday costs. Since savedroid’s algorithms 

have insight into what kind of transfers the user is making from his bank account, it can 

identify what contracts he is paying for. Using this information, savedroid’s self-learning 

AI algorithm directly suggest tailor-made offers which are cheaper or provide better 

value for money. 

Is there a less expensive mobile phone contract available than the one that the user 

currently holds, meeting the same or even better conditions? A better electricity or gas 

provider? A cheaper credit card? If so, the user will receive a notification together with 

an invitation to switch to the new provider, all in-app. This way, savedroid is not only a 

micro-savings simplifier but also a personal finance optimizer. 

And it is all based on the latest artificial intelligence technology! 

  



 

 

Page 13 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Please also have a look at our “Who is savedroid?” video: 

 

https://youtu.be/Ez1AaZhGtn4 

2.2. Crypto Services 

We will transfer savedroid’s successful and value-adding products into the 

cryptocurrency world to enable smart and convenient crypto saving and investing. 

In order to eliminate the adoption barriers and make cryptocurrencies accessible for 

everyone, savedroid will provide all the tools necessary for its users: tools to purchase 

cryptocurrencies, to store cryptocurrencies, to spend cryptocurrencies, and to invest in 

cryptocurrencies. Of course, the popular smooves will also be available so that users 

can not only save automatically in fiat but directly in cryptocurrencies without any 

further hassle! 

The final design of the following crypto tools is at savedroid’s sole discretion and may 

be adjusted or not offered at all depending, among other factors, on new technical 

trends, user demand, availability of business partners, and changes in the regulatory 

environment. 

https://youtu.be/Ez1AaZhGtn4
https://youtu.be/Ez1AaZhGtn4


 

 

Page 14 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

2.2.1. Convenient crypto saving 

savedroid will extend its proven self-learning AI saving algorithm from fiat to 

cryptocurrencies. App users will not have to worry about selecting and registering at a 

crypto exchange, selecting and maintaining a compatible wallet, and handling private 

keys. After registering in the savedroid app, users can start saving in cryptocurrencies 

(Bitcoin, Ethereum, and many other Altcoins) right away. They will automatically receive 

a virtual, fully secured wallet and all fiat funds that the user wants to covert to 

cryptocurrencies will be converted magically in the background to the selected 

cryptocurrency. 

The crypto saving targets all current savedroid users and young to middle-age mobile 

app users who would like to start with cryptocurrencies and value a great user 

experience (UX) over a large set of customization options or technical details. So 

savedroid will eliminate all currently existing technological adoption barriers and will 

finally provide typical mass market users – like our existing user base – with easy access 

to cryptocurrencies. 

2.2.2. Smart saving and spending in and across cryptocurrencies 

savedroid’s self-learning AI algorithm will enable users to smartly switch their savings 

between cryptocurrencies and to also conveniently spend their crypto savings to fulfill 

their desired wishes at their preferred merchants. Users can, therefore, trade 

cryptocurrencies at their fingertips without the need to worry about cumbersome 

crypto exchange orders or outrageous bid-ask spreads. The goal is to build an 

ecosystem where users can swap cryptocurrencies within the savedroid community at 

the lowest cost and best UX available. Also, to make it easier to spend cryptocurrencies 

in shops that do not yet offer payment in cryptocurrencies, savedroid will offer its users 

a credit card, the “cryptocurrency credit card”, from a major card scheme, to purchase 

their wishes. This will significantly extend the functionalities of savedroid’s existing fiat 

credit card. Whenever the user makes a purchase with the cryptocurrency credit card, 

his cryptocurrencies will be auto-converted to fiat and transferred to the merchant. 



 

 

Page 15 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

The easy crypto trading as well as the cryptocurrency credit card can also be connected 

to users’ external wallets and is thus open for a much broader audience. Hence, both 

the crypto trading and the cryptocurrency credit card do not only target the savedroid 

crypto saving users but also more experienced cryptocurrency users. 

2.2.3. Smart investments in cryptocurrency portfolios, derivatives, and ICOs 

To provide cost-efficient and diversified return opportunities, savedroid will enable 

users to easily invest their savings in cryptos. Therefore, savedroid will upgrade its AI 

and offer a self-learning algorithm to invest in cryptocurrency portfolios, derivatives, 

and ICOs directly in the savedroid app. Hence, users can diversify their portfolio in 

multiple cryptocurrencies, crypto derivatives, and ICO coins and tokens and profit from 

the best risk-return profiles available on the market. This will complement savedroid’s 

exceptional crypto value proposition with state-of-the-art crypto investing and cater for 

the needs of even the most advanced crypto users. 

 

 

With this three-staged roadmap, we will consistently leverage our existing core assets 

of latest AI technology and great UX to build an AI fueled crypto ecosystem to massively 

simplify the usage of cryptos from everyday micro savings over trading and payments 

to return optimized investing. Below the line, the savedroid offering will drive crypto 

adoption by average mass market users and, thus, help grow the crypto community 

even faster and bigger. 

  



 

 

Page 16 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

2.3. Partner Ecosystem 

savedroid has built a very strong ecosystem of renowned partners3, many of them 

leaders in their respective field of operations. With these partners, savedroid can not 

only offer the best services to its users but can also benefit from the reach, trust and 

reliance of its strong partners. We choose our partners based on capability of 

innovation, implementation speed, reputation and user focus. 

Let’s start with Deutsche Börse. As operator of the trading platform Xetra and the 

Frankfurt Stock Exchange, Deutsche Börse calculates the DAX share index and is listed 

with their shares on the DAX. When the Deutsche Börse opened its Fintech Hub in 

Frankfurt in 2016, savedroid was one of the first tenants. Together with four other 

startups, savedroid uses the infrastructure of the incubator. This includes access to the 

network of Deutsche Börse AG. savedroid is thereby part of the Deutsche Börse Venture 

Network with over 400 members from all over Europe. The Deutsche Börse brings 

together young growth companies and investors on this platform. Since its founding in 

2015, approximately 1.4 billion US dollars of investment were collected via the venture 

network. 

The smart saving app by savedroid is implemented with the support of the Wirecard 

Bank. Wirecard manages the technical and banking law requirements for the savedroid 

savings account, into which the users of the app, with the help of the so-called 

“smooves”, transfer money. Wirecard, based near Munich, is a publicly-traded 

international technology and financial services company with approximately 4,000 

employees, over one billion euros turnover and a market capitalization of more than 10 

billion euros. Wirecard is one of the top five stocks on the German technology stock 

index TecDAX. 

Another savedroid partner in the top five of the TecDAX is the telecommunications 

company Drillisch, located near Frankfurt. Drillisch is one of the largest high-flyers on 

the German stock market and its share price has increased by a factor of 80 since 2009. 

                                                

3 https://medium.com/@ico_8796/ico-candidate-savedroid-part-of-a-strong-network-with-well-known-
names-b26f0d941f6c 



 

 

Page 17 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

The company is one of the most aggressively priced discount cell phone providers in 

Germany and is active with the brand yourfone. For savedroid, Drillisch comes into play 

when recommending more affordable cell phone services to users of the app. 

Our second partner for the optimization of cell phone contracts is Freenet, a company 

with nearly 5,000 employees and more than three billion euros turnover. 

When it comes to the optimization of electricity contracts, savedroid cooperates with 

Check24. Check24 is Germany’s largest Internet comparison portal with a turnover of 

more than EUR 500 million.  

savedroid will release an all new feature in the next weeks that allows to convert savings 

in Amazon gift cards to get discounts on Amazon and thus realize wishes even earlier. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2.4. Team  

savedroid's team combines long-time industry experience in AI, UX, Tech, Finance, and 

Marketing with the right start-up mindset and user centricity. With this skill set, 

savedroid can deliver financial innovations faster and in a particularly user-friendly way 

which is unmatched so far. 

  



 

 

Page 18 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

2.4.1. Management Board 

Dr. Yassin Hankir – Founder & CEO 

Yassin is a FinTech entrepreneur and enthusiast. He initiated savedroid, is co-host of the 

FinTech Meetup Frankfurt and used to be a co-founder of the robo-advisor vaamo. Before 

becoming an entrepreneur, he worked as Engagement Manager at McKinsey & Company, 

Inc. for four years. During his consulting job, his focus was on retail and private banking, 

especially growth strategies, product development and implementation, as well as 

marketing and distribution. Yassin completed his master in Economics and his Ph.D. in 

Finance at the Goethe-University Frankfurt/Germany. 

 

 

Marco Trautmann – Founder & COO 

Marco is a strategy and banking IT professional. Before co-founding savedroid, Marco has 

already developed and launched digital business models and products at McKinsey & 

Company Inc. as a management consultant. Through his time as project manager at 

Accenture, Marco proved deep expertise in implementing technology projects. Marco 

graduated from EBS University, Germany as M.Sc. in Business Administration and from 

University of Pittsburgh, USA as M.Sc. in Management of Information Systems. As a student, 

he already gained his first experience as an entrepreneur by founding an IT Consulting 

partnership specialized in real estate valuations. 

 

 

Tobias Zander – Founder & CTO 

Tobias is an entrepreneur and CTO. Previously, he was well regarded as a freelancer and the 

CTO of Sitewards, an e-commerce specialist in Frankfurt/Germany. He has built up 

development teams that thrive at the cutting edge of web development. With passion to 

inspire people, he takes part in and speaks at conferences worldwide. He also publishes 

articles in a wide range of magazines, several blogs and has written books about web 

security. 

 

 

  

https://www.linkedin.com/in/marco-trautmann/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/yassinhankir/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tobiaszander/


 

 

Page 19 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Please also have a look at our “Meet the savedroid Founders” video: 

 

https://youtu.be/-CbY3iQR0YU 

 

Michael “Mike” Fehse – Chief Data Officer 

Mike held various IT executive positions in life science, telco, banking and software during 

his 35+ years career. He led Arago Automation as CEO and Accretive Tech as CTO for more 

than four years. Before, Mike was Chief Scientist and VP in Telco, Pharma & Banking at 

T-Systems, Fresenius and others. Furthermore, he served as evaluator and audit reviewer of 

EU framework programs for the European Commission. He is always curious, has a passion 

for AI and will join savedroid in January as our Chief Data Officer. In this position, he will 

build out the AI department to enhance the analytics and machine learning capability even 

further. 

 

Jan Gabriel Pleser – Chief Marketing Officer 

Jan is CMO of savedroid. After completing his studies in economics, he was drawn to the 

advertising industry, where has been working for more than 12 years for several well-

regarded agencies, such as Publicis, and as a freelancer. As a Senior Brand Consultant, he 

most recently advised major brands, such as Deutsche Bank, Procter & Gamble and Nestlé, 

on brand and digital strategy.  

 

https://youtu.be/-CbY3iQR0YU
https://youtu.be/-CbY3iQR0YU
https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaelfehse/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jan-pleser-95a22718/


 

 

Page 20 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

2.4.2. Team of Experts 

IT-Team 

Matthew Kirschnick - Senior Product Owner 

Matt is Senior Product Owner at savedroid and works with the team to set feature priorities 

and translate business requirements into a language developers can understand! Matt 

studied computer science and political science in Canada and worked for more than 15 years 

in game development at Electronic Arts. 

 

 

Sebastian Hoffmann – Smart Contract Developer 

Sebastian is an advisor with several years of experience in strategy consulting, dealing with 

challenges and impacts of digitization at CapGemini. Besides this, he is an entrepreneur in 

the AI and crypto space. Sebastian holds a M.Sc. degree in Information Science from 

University of Amsterdam, having studied in Germany, China and the Netherlands. 

 

 

Michael Ryvlin – Senior Backend Developer 

Michael is our backend developer from the beginning and built up and supports the entire 

backend of the app and the server and security structure. Before working at savedroid, he 

spent more than 10 years in the e-commerce environment. Michael, who is fluent, in Russian 

is our go-to-person for any business with Eastern Europe and Russia. 

 

 

Patrick Täufer – Mobile Developer 

Patrick is an iOS and Android developer at savedroid. After completing his studies as a 

computer scientist and his Media Informatics degree, Patrick has spent almost 5 years in an 

agency and doing consulting. In addition to his job at savedroid, he travels a lot and is a 

passionate serial fan. 

 

 

Patrick Gotta – UX Designer 

After completing his apprenticeship as IT specialist for application development at Deutsche 

Telekom, he studied Media System Design at Darmstadt University of Applied Sciences. 

Already during and especially after his studies, he has gained more than 9 years of 

experience in planning, conception and quality assurance of complex media and software 

projects in several projects and design agencies, thus training his interdisciplinary way of 

working and thinking. For almost two decades, the Web has been his second home and like 

his own, he makes it a little more pleasant every day.  

 



 

 

Page 21 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Lennart Czienskowski – UX Designer 

Lennart is a passionate user experience designer and technology fan with an eye for the 

essentials. He is an expert in making a tough topic a piece of cake. He studied Interactive 

Media Design at Darmstadt University of Applied Sciences and has worked for the last seven 

years in various agencies before and during his studies at Deutsche Telekom and at the Max 

Planck Institute for Educational Research in Berlin. 

 

Michaela “Ela” Wenner – Art Director 

As a passionate designer, almost non-stop everything revolves around the visual. However, 

anyone who believes that Ela only pays attention to superficial things is deceptively wrong. A 

good portion of facts with which you can knit a grandiose concept is the A and O of every 

design start. While working for the last seven years in large as well as in various small 

agencies and design offices, she gathered her expertise in a wide range of design topics, 

such as corporate identity, editorial design, analogue photography, re-drafting, conception, 

project management and analytical thinking. 

 

Alla Brodski-Guerniero – Data Scientist 

Alla takes care of our data analysis and forecasts - for example she develops our algorithms 

that provide users with tips for the best smooves to fulfill their wishes. In addition to her 

work at savedroid, Alla also works on her Ph.D. in the field of neuroscience. For more than 

five years, she has explored what happens in our brain when information from memory 

affects our perception. 

 

 

Gautam Kumar Pramanik – Data Scientist 

Gautam is currently supplementing the data science team. He contributes in data extraction, 

sorting, and analysis for providing tips to the savedroid app users for the best smooves. 

Apart from his work at savedroid, he is also involved in scientific research in the field of 

Multiple Sclerosis (MS). He is working on understanding network behavior of the brain at the 

early phase of MS. In his free time, he reads novel, hikes and travels to different places. 

 

  



 

 

Page 22 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Business-Team 

Lucien Tavano – Vice President Internationalization 

Lucien – actually living in Paris - is responsible for our internationalization strategy. During 

the ITS, he coordinates our communication strategy and is one of our international 

community managers. Prior to joining savedroid, Lucien founded the fintech startup 

OhMyGeorg!, building forex trading apps for the B2C market. Before that, he worked for 5 

years at Airbus as a business and mechanical engineering graduate, doing business 

development in Asia, flying more than 100+ times per year! 

 

Alex Hofmann – Head of Business Development & HR 

Alex is Head of Business Development & HR with a degree in psychology, for which she has 

researched the reward systems of the human brain. Her specialty is to question things, to 

motivate others, and to generate strategies and ideas. With her passion for inspiring others, 

Alex gained new talents in recruiting and employer branding for Ferrero and helped shape 

the internal communication of the Nutella empire before joining savedroid. Now she brings 

new users for savedroid, ambitious team members - all savedroid enthusiasts - on board! 

 

Lydia Witzmann - Digital Marketing Manager 

Lydia has been our Digital Marketing Manager since January 2017 and she is primarily 

responsible for social media management. Before savedroid, Lydia gained experience in 

project management at BMW, Jung von Matt, Tchibo and Gruner + Jahr (stern.de) and in e-

commerce at Topshop / Topman in London in the last five years. 

 

Sina Reubelt– Blockchain Partner Management 

Sina is working as Blockchain Partner Manager at savedroid. As such, she is aiming to 

establish a valuable network of partners, making sure they are provided with the necessary 

information. As co-organizer and vice-president of the FinTech conference in Liechtenstein, 

she has already been working in the FinTech area for a while. Earlier this year, she has 

finished her postgraduate studies in Information Systems with Majors in Data Science from 

the University of Liechtenstein. 

 

Parna “Pari” Youssufzay – Customer Service 

Pari graduated with a degree in Business Administration with a focus on Marketing. At 

savedroid, she manages our customer service with heart and mind and is usually the “voice 

of savedroid”. Additionally, she supports our recruiting and the creation of social media 

content. 

 

 



 

 

Page 23 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Stefan Telin – Customer Service 

Stefan supports us primarily in the areas of Customer Service, for which he is predestined 

by his previous work experience in customer service and his degree in International Finance.  

 

 

 

 

Please also have a look at our “Meet the savedroid Team” video: 

 

https://youtu.be/OyXLkc4mOHc 

 

  

https://youtu.be/OyXLkc4mOHc
https://youtu.be/OyXLkc4mOHc


 

 

Page 24 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

2.4.3. Supervisory Board 

The savedroid Management Board is supported by our trusted serial entrepreneurs and 

Fintech evangelists in our Supervisory Board.  

Debjit “Debu” D. Chaudhuri (Chairman) 

Debu founded Infosys in Germany in 1999 and built up a large (>1,500 consultants), 

profitable and sustainable business with leading German (e.g., 15 Dax) clients. He advised 

and implemented business strategies with industry leaders in Spain, Italy, Switzerland and 

the Netherlands and founded the business in Spain and Italy. He is an entrepreneur and an 

investor (Family Office) since 2009 in sustainability, digital and machine learning related 

businesses. 

 

Robert Hable 

Robert if founder and managing director at 2iQ Research, an enterprise specialized in 

Directors Dealing/Insider Transactions Data Analysis. 2iQ is developing alpha generating 

tools, quantitative long and short models based on an equity market neutral, strict scientific 

approach. Robert is engaged in the Cryptocurrency community right from the beginning and 

is a real expert. 

 

Jochen Siegert 

Jochen is an experienced Chief Operations Officer at Traxpay, with a demonstrated history 

of working in the banking and payment industry, e.g., at PayPal and MasterCard, among 

others. He is a strong business development professional, skilled in Cryptocurrencies, Single 

Euro Payments Area (SEPA), Monetization, Banking, Electronic Payments, and E-commerce. 

Jochen is an internationally recognized FinTech and digitalization influencer, keynote 

speaker, blogger and podcaster. 

 

  

https://www.linkedin.com/in/debjitdc/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rhable/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jsiegert/


 

 

Page 25 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

2.4.4. Advisors 

Prof. Danko Nikolic – AI-Kindergarten 

Brain and mind scientist and AI practitioner and visionary. He's foremost interested in i) 

closing the mind-body explanatory gap, and ii) using that knowledge to improve machine 

learning and AI. His work on brain research at Max Planck led him to develop the theory of 

practopoiesis. From there he proposed the concept of AI-Kindergarten -- a method for 

creation of biological-like artificial intelligence. Also, a few years back he introduced the 

concept of ideasthesia. Most recently, he's active in applied machine learning and AI. 

 

 

Meinhard Benn – Blockchain Entrepreneur 

Meinhard founded SatoshiPay, a blockchain-based nanopayments provider aiming to 

fundamentally change the way web content is monetized. As open source developer, social 

entrepreneur and avid shoestring traveler with 50 countries under his belt, Meinhard 

experienced the need for an open, global and decentralized payment technology first-hand. 

He already experimented with different alternative payment systems for years when Bitcoin 

and its ground-breaking blockchain technology crossed his path in 2011. As developer, 

entrepreneur and speaker he pushes the blockchain ecosystem forward ever since. 

 

 

Kęstutis Gardžiulis – Co-Founder & CIO at Etronika 

Kęstutis Gardžiulis is a Co-Founder and Chief Innovation Officer at ETRONIKA. He has over 

20 years’ of experience in FinTech, digital banking, smart retail, on-line fraud detection and 

digital identity. His teams got multiple international awards for digital banking solutions 

and they were among the first in the world to implement the commercial mobile electronic 

signature solution which became the backbone of the national wireless PKI infrastructure 

in Lithuania. Kęstutis is also known for experimenting with natural user interface-based on-

line banking prototypes. He acted as the CEO of ETRONIKA for many years, he also served 

as the vice-president of Lithuanian ICT association and he has previous experience in 

banking sector and voice-recognition for forensic examination. Currently, Kęstutis is an 

active enthusiast and contributor to FinTech and Blockchain communities, speaker in 

various international forums on the future of finance and the challenges of the industry 

4.0. He holds a degree in Physics (Quantum Electronics) and Visuals Arts, and he has a keen 

interest in science, technology, AI, space, TED conferences and semantic web. 

 

 

  

https://www.linkedin.com/in/danko-nikolic/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/meinhard/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/gardziulis/


 

 

Page 26 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Alfred Schorno – Managing Partner 360T 

Alfred Schorno is managing partner of 360T since November 2003 and member of the 

Group Executive Board. Starting his investment banking career in 1978, he spent a total of 

18 years with UBS trading and selling foreign exchange products, derivatives, money 

market instruments and bonds. During his time with UBS, Alfred was located in Zurich, 

Geneva, New York and latterly spent several years as treasurer of UBS Luxembourg. He 

then moved to Commerzbank / Frankfurt and spent five years leading the global sales and 

trading team as Global Head for FX. Prior to joining 360T, Alfred was COO at 

Commerzbank’s centralized portfolio management and research unit. He also served as an 

executive committee member of EBS Broking Services Ltd./ London for several years. 

 

Oliver Naegele – Founding Member of Germany’s Association for 
Blockchain 

For more than 15 years, Oliver has been an IT specialist and consultant for security, 

enterprise java, intranet, extranet, infrastructure, databases and virtualization. In this 

broad fields, Oliver has a acquired a deep understanding of digital identity management 

and distributed authority. Additionally, he is the initiator of the HELIX LABs in Frankfurt am 

Main and of the German wide network FinTech Headquarter. He is often asked to speak for 

conferences, events and other gatherings of the startup, financial and IT communities. 

Oliver also engages to spread the word about blockchain and our digital future in general. 

Therefore, he is one of the founding members of Germany’s association for blockchain. 

This chamber is supposed to represent the interests of the German blockchain community 

to politicians. 

 

 

Henri de Jong – Head of Business Development Quantoz 

Henri is responsible for business development at the blockchain company Quantoz. He has 

a track record of more than 25 years of bringing new technologies to the market, like the 

first route planning systems, digital road maps and electronic publications. Early 2014, Henri 

was invited by his former colleagues to join Quantoz. Blockchain Technology brings together 

Henri’s interest in self organization and software algorithms. His focus now is on developing 

Quasar, the Quantoz Digital Cash solution. Quasar delivers the infrastructure for instant 

micro payments between enterprises (unbanked), consumers and the Internet of Things 

(IoT), compliant with regulation. 

 

Kilian Thalhammer – Managing Partner “Payment and Banking” 

Kilian has over 15 years’ experience in Payment, FinTech, eCommerce, and Loyalty, which 

makes him a real expert when it comes to serious product, strategy, and business 

development issues. After being Director Solutions for the Swiss Post, he joined RatePay 

(Otto Group) as CPO and was global CPO of PAYMILL (Rocket Internet) until 2014. Kilian 

works as a Consultant and Business Angel (among others, Fincompare, Forexfix, Lodgify, 

Loyaltyprime) in the Fintech-Field. He is also Co-Founder of the well-known German FinTech 

blog “Payment and Banking”. 

 

 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/henrijcldejong/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kilianthalhammer/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/olivernaegele/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alfred-schorno-52053a/


 

 

Page 27 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Dr. Michael Rundshagen – Co-Founder Traxpay 

Michael is VP at Cognizant where he leads the consulting business in Germany, Austria and 

Switzerland. He has more than 25 years’ experience in management and strategy consulting 

and in leading numerous transformation programs for enterprises in various sectors. 

Michael was lead of strategy consulting ASG at Accenture. As Co-Founder of Traxpay and 

Business Angel, he is engaged in multiple start-ups with focus on AI, FinTech and 

Digitalization. 

 

 

Dr. Matthias Hirtschulz – Senior Manager d-fine 

Matthias Hirtschulz is Senior Manager at d-fine. He has more than seven years’ experience 

in delivering innovations in the financial industry. As founding member of d-fine Next, 

Matthias drives blockchain-related projects for large and small clients. Matthias is also a 

mentor of the Accelerator Frankfurt. 

 

 

 

Roland Klaus – Journalist for Financial Markets 

Roland is a freelance journalist with extensive knowledge in TV reporting about financial 

markets and the corporate landscape in Germany. Having worked as on-air reporter from 

the Frankfurt stock market for CNBC Europe, N24, and n-tv, he's ready to go for live coverage, 

both in German and English. He has a significant track record in moderating events and 

hosting discussion panels for the likes of Deutsche Bank, Dekabank, NordLB and other major 

companies. Besides that, he offers executive coaching for all those that want to prepare for 

an interview appearance, especially in radio and television. 

 

Michael Hübl – Entrepreneur & Co-Founder flinc 

Michael Hübl is one of the most ambitious startup personalities in Germany. He founded his 

first company at the age of 17. He was one of the top 100 internet personalities in Germany 

in 2012. His current startup “flinc” is the world’s first dynamic ridesharing service. Users can 

share rides everywhere and in real-time, as if they were looking at the schedule at the bus 

stop. His vision is a new mobility system that is utilized by the community to share their rides 

by using existing resources. flinc was nominated as best startup for the T3N Web Awards 

and Techcrunch’s “The Europas” and was recently acquired by the leading German car 

manufacturer Daimler. 

 

 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-rundshagen-00621a53/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthias-hirtschulz-871074114/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaelhuebl/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/roland-klaus-144bb520/


 

 

Page 28 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Anders Indset – Business Philosopher 

Anders Indset is one of Europe’s leading Business Philosophers offering a new perspective 

on the “art of thinking”. By bridging the philosophy of the past with the technology and 

science of tomorrow, he shows how leaders can cope with the 21st century. His 10 postulates 

of change provide a framework to cope with our fast-paced world. He is a Norwegian-born 

occasional tech-investor based out of Frankfurt, Germany and a visiting guest lecturer at 

leading international business schools, founding partner of Frankfurt International Alliance 

(FIA) and an advisory board member of German Tech Entrepreneurship Center (GTEC) as 

well as a trusted advisor for Global CEOs and leading politicians. 

 

 

2.5. Media coverage 

savedroid has been featured in many trusted magazines, newspapers, blogs and even 

on radio and TV: 

 

2.6. Awards 

savedroid and the savedroid solution to automatically save money and optimize 

personal spend based on self-learning AI technology have been recognized by various 

prestigious awards, amongst them: 

  

https://www.linkedin.com/in/andersindset/


 

 

Page 29 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

3. The savedroid Token - SVD 

We create an ERC20 utility token with a built-in deflation mechanism as suggested by 

Vitalik Buterin4 to support the future value of the savedroid token. The savedroid token 

– with the short name “SVD” – can be used to purchase the crypto services within the 

savedroid ecosystem. Users of our automated crypto saving and investing will use the 

savedroid token to pay the fees of these crypto services. Once, a savedroid token has 

been used for a purchase within the savedroid ecosystem we will burn a certain 

percentage of these tokens to support the future value of the tokens. You can also sell 

the SVD privately, in supported token exchanges, or hodl [sic] it. 

Moreover, using the SVDs within the savedroid ecosystem will provide additional user 

and network benefits to further stimulate savedroid’s growth, as described in more 

detail below. 

3.1. Value and Strategy 

The intrinsic value of SVDs derives from its functionality within the fast growing 

savedroid ecosystem of AI based crypto saving and investing. Therefore, the savedroid 

token offers a highly attractive opportunity and may increase in value based on the 

financial model as outlined in more detail in chapter 6 below. 

savedroid, for the first time ever, provides average mass market users with easy access 

to cryptocurrencies without technological adoption barriers. Within savedroid’s unique 

AI fueled ecosystem, users will profit from convenient AI-based crypto saving plans in 

Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, IOTA, Dash, Stellar, etc. and superior 

crypto investment opportunities, such as portfolios, derivatives, and ICOs. savedroid will 

create a smart UX which conveniently auto-converts savings to cryptocurrencies, 

securely stores them, and makes them easily accessible, tradeable, and spendable. We 

will offer all of these crypto services for a reasonable fee (we might adjust the fees over 

time to address latest market developments). Our users will be required to purchase all 

                                                

4 http://vitalik.ca/general/2017/10/17/moe.html 



 

 

Page 30 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

consumed crypto services within the savedroid ecosystem using SVD. Hence, more 

users of the savedroid ecosystem will translate into a higher demand for savedroid 

tokens. 

When a user takes his savedroid tokens to pay for a crypto service, we collect his 

savedroid tokens and automatically burn a percentage of these tokens. Thus, the 

number of available savedroid tokens will decrease over time. Below the line, this will 

support the future value of the savedroid token. 

 

In other words, a percentage of the savedroid crypto service fees will automatically be 

removed from the pool of available SVDs by every single purchase. Thus, the more the 

savedroid ecosystem is used, the further the supply of SVD will decrease. 

So, eventually, our user growth will drive an increasing demand for savedroid tokens on 

the one hand and, at the same time, a decreasing supply of savedroid tokens on the 

other hand. Hence, the value of the savedroid token depends, among other factors, on 

our future user growth. 

A token holder that decides to hodl SVDs, though it may be subjected to exchange 

market fluctuations, might enjoy a protective layer that links the value of SVD to 

savedroid’s sustainable crypto ecosystem. This so called intrinsic deflationary 

mechanism makes SVD a valuable utility token. It should be stated however, that the 

value of the SVD will be driven by market supply and demand and will not be derived 

directly from savedroid’s activities. Please note that holding SVD does not trigger the 

right of redemption cash or cash equivalents or the payment of a fixed or determinable 

income by savedroid. Token holders must not reasonably expect to generate profits 

through the sale of SVD to other persons. The savedroid token will grant legal rights of 

access to crypto services only within the savedroid ecosystem. Any other forms of 

financial incentives token holders may or may not receive by holding a SVD are outside 

of savedroid’s control and will only be derived through their own efforts.  

As the savedroid token is not paying any interest or dividends it also qualifies as a 

Sharia-compliant Islamic investment opportunity. 



 

 

Page 31 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

The flow of SVDs is illustrated below. 

 

Figure 3: SVD flows 

An ITS participant can buy savedroid token during our ITS. He can then either use his 

SVD to become one of the first savedroid crypto saving and investing users and pay for 

the crypto service fees or hold on to his savedroid tokens and maybe privately sell them 

at a token exchange. 

A savedroid user, who has not participated in our ITS will have two options after our ITS: 

Either he directly buys SVD at a token exchange or, conveniently, directly within the 

savedroid mobile apps. The savedroid token can be stored in a wallet and used to pay 

for the consumed crypto services within the savedroid ecosystem. So, in the end, the 

price of the savedroid token will always be determined by the actual market supply and 

demand at the token exchanges. We will adjust our service fees denominated in SVD 

within the savedroid ecosystem according to the free market price of the savedroid 



 

 

Page 32 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

token. This will ensure that our service fee will stay attractive for all savedroid users over 

time, so, for example, a higher SVD price will eventually result in a lower service fee as 

quoted in savedroid token. 

Please also have a look at our “The savedroid token” video: 

 

https://youtu.be/CN4UZ1zIr2A 

3.2. Token Supply and Specification 

A total of 10 billion SVDs will be issued on the Ethereum blockchain using a smart 

contract. SVD will comply with the ERC205 standard and will be freely transferable on 

the Ethereum blockchain. Ethereum was the natural choice for this project due to its 

broad adoption and industry-standard for issuing custom digital assets. The 

compatibility with the ERC20 standard leverages upon the existing infrastructure 

advantages of the Ethereum ecosystem, namely in terms of development tools, wallets, 

exchanges, and human resource expertise. 

                                                

5 https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard 

https://youtu.be/CN4UZ1zIr2A


 

 

Page 33 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

savedroid will build a sustainable ecosystem for the crypto community that grows fast 

with the community and their network effects. Hence, a contribution to SVD is a 

contribution to the future of the savedroid ecosystem. Our deflationary mechanism 

creates intrinsic value and a relationship between our ecosystem growth and SVD value. 

The purpose is to mitigate the effects of earlier ICOs, in which the tokens had a large 

demand in the first months but which then flattened over time. 

Whenever SVD is used for savedroid ecosystem purchases and a percentage of it is 

burned, the remainder will be allocated to the discretionary Monetary Reserve Pool 

(“MRP”) – held and managed by savedroid. All SVD held by savedroid are allocated to 

the MRP. savedroid can sell SVD of the MRP on token exchanges or directly to app users 

within the savedroid ecosystem. The MRP can be used to a) ensure sufficient SVD 

liquidity and b) prevent an overheated market by selling SVD.  

The proceeds of such SVD sales will be used for the development and extension of the 

savedroid ecosystem. Recirculating SVD at market price helps to raise their value while 

at the same time engaging the whole community. As the savedroid token grows in 

popularity, more and more users pay for savedroid services and, thus, higher proceeds 

will allow the continuous development and release of new crypto saving and investing 

features within the savedroid ecosystem. This will further increase the appeal of the 

savedroid ecosystem for the crypto community, which will in turn again lead to a further 

increase in the value of SVD. 

3.3. Benefits of SVD Usage for Users and within the Ecosystem 

SVD will be used by the savedroid ecosystem users to purchase the savedroid’s AI fueled 

crypto saving and investing services as outlined below. 

Leveraging technical support processes, savedroid will enable all users, especially those 

who have not originally participated in the ITS, to conveniently buy SVD on the market 

through the savedroid ecosystem. Therefore, users will grant savedroid powers of 

attorney as part of the crypto service purchase to buy SVD at market price from third 

party exchanges or from the MRP and savedroid will forward these directly into the 



 

 

Page 34 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

crypto service payment channels, i.e. they are used automatically to pay for the crypto 

services. 

Since the exchange rate of SVD as measured in fiat and cryptocurrencies may fluctuate 

over time and thus the value of the savedroid tokens varies, it would be unattractive for 

new users to keep the price for the crypto services as denominated in SVD flat, because 

then new savedroid users might have to pay a much higher price for their consumed 

crypto services than early adopters who have joined the savedroid ecosystem right from 

the beginning. Therefore, savedroid will adjust the price of crypto services as 

denominated in SVD to keep the purchasing power of the savedroid token within the 

savedroid ecosystem approximately constant over time. This means, that, for example, 

if you will have to pay 100 SVD for a respective crypto service within the savedroid 

ecosystem after the ITS closing, you might have to pay only 50 SVD a few months later 

if the value of the savedroid token had doubled. 

The offered crypto services include: 

Convenient crypto saving 

All offered crypto saving services, including savedroid’s self-learning AI saving algorithm, 

auto-conversion from fiat to crypto and vice versa, and secure wallet storage, can be 

purchased with SVD. The crypto saving will be available for a monthly base fee plus a 

percentage transaction fee for every conversion of fiat to cryptocurrencies and from 

cryptocurrencies to fiat. 

Smart Saving and Spending in and across Cryptocurrencies 

These features include AI based switching of savings between cryptocurrencies and 

conveniently spending crypto savings to fulfill wishes at the preferred merchants. 

savedroid will charge a percentage transaction fee for smart crypto trading. The 

savedroid cryptocurrency credit card will be available for a monthly fixed fee. 

Smart investments in cryptocurrency portfolios, derivatives, and ICOs 

All AI based crypto investing services, such as smart investments in risk-return 

optimized cryptocurrency portfolios, derivatives, and ICOs, will also be charged in SVD. 



 

 

Page 35 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

For these crypto investing services, a monthly base fee and a transaction based 

percentage fee payable in SVD apply. 

Exclusive Beta-Program and App-Features for ITS Participants 

Moreover, ITS participants will receive exclusive access to further privileges and 

premium features within the savedroid ecosystem free of charge: All savedroid token 

holders who have bought their SVD during our ITS may participate in savedroid’s beta 

program and benefit from new features first. Beta program participants will also have 

much stronger influence on the future development of the savedroid ecosystem by 

providing early feedback and having exclusive feedback channels directly to our 

development team.  

In addition, savedroid will also release premium app features exclusively to SVD owners, 

such as “ITS community only smooves” (automatic saving rules), limited crypto 

investment opportunities, fee discounts, and many more. 

  



 

 

Page 36 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

The flow of fiat and cryptocurrencies as well as savedroid’s fees are illustrated in the 

figure below: 

 

Figure 4: Fee Structure 

As stated above, these crypto services and fee models are subject to change at the sole 

discretion of savedroid. 

3.4. SVD Price Variations 

It is important to understand that the price of SVD will vary over time, based on different 

factors, of which the most prominent ones are listed below: 

• change in demand for savedroid’s crypto services, 

• change in competitive landscape, 



 

 

Page 37 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

• speculative SVD demand, 

• supply by token holders willing to sell SVD, 

• EUR/ETH exchange rate, and 

• the cost of gas within the Ethereum network. 

 

Please also have a look at our “savedroid Smart Contract” video: 

 

https://youtu.be/5rNl4m8GBpc 

  

https://youtu.be/5rNl4m8GBpc
https://youtu.be/5rNl4m8GBpc


 

 

Page 38 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

4. The Initial Token Sale 

4.1. Token Issuance 

savedroid is up and running fast for more than 2 years, has a successful product live 

with a strong track record of the latest AI technology and state-of-the-art UX, a massively 

growing and highly engaged user base, and relevant revenue streams. Now integrating 

cryptocurrencies is a logical and very important leap forward to consistently expand the 

savedroid ecosystem. Further extending our AI technology, integrating B2B partners, 

growing our talent pool with the right developers, UX designers, marketing 

professionals, setting up the legal framework, and, of course, driving significant user 

growth through targeted performance marketing requires substantial additional 

investments. 

By launching an Initial Token Sale (“ITS”, often also referred to as ICO – although a token 

sale is not the offering of coins), we would like to give the crypto community the amazing 

opportunity to participate in savedroid’s success story, instead of limiting access to a 

small number of traditional venture capital funds. Besides, an ITS is quick, transparent, 

and efficient and, thus, empowers savedroid to expand its ecosystem and launch the AI 

fueled crypto saving and investing features much faster. 

Issuing SVD also allows savedroid to be backed by participants from all over the world, 

who will have access to SVD right after its creation and can help to spread the word of 

savedroid’s new crypto services to facilitate user growth and create additional value for 

the savedroid token. After the ITS, savedroid will aim to list SVD as soon as possible on 

relevant token exchanges. We will communicate the exact starting dates of the SVD 

trading once we have received final confirmation from the token exchanges. 

Participants can be part of this immense opportunity to allow everyone world-wide6 to 

have their micro-savings automatically converted in cryptocurrencies and profit from 

the massive future potential of cryptos. 

                                                

6 except some countries we may have to exclude due to regulative constraints 



 

 

Page 39 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

4.2. savedroid ITS Dates 

The savedroid ITS will be structured in two parts, starting with the Pre-Sale and followed 

by the Main Sale. The sale price for savedroid token during the ITS is fixed at 

1 EUR = 100 SVD, whereas special Pre-Sale discounts will apply as outlined below. 

Hence, the price of SVD will fluctuate as measured in Bitcoin and Ethereum during the 

time of our ITS. 

Starting from the 12th until the 26th of January 2018, we will offer 5% of all SVD (i.e. 

5 million SVD) for purchase in a public Pre-Sale with a bonus of 30%. This means that 

each Pre-Sale participant will receive an extra 30% of the number of tokens he 

purchases on top for free, so if one buys 1,000 SVD he will receive a total of 1,300 SVD 

for the same purchase price. 

From the 9th of February until the 9th of March 2018, we will offer an additional 55% of 

all SVDs for purchase by the public during our Main Sale (i.e., 5.5 billion SVD). In total 

we expect to sell a lower double-digit million amount of SVD. 

The smart contract of the savedroid token will be published on GitHub in January. We 

will release further details on where to find the smart contract on our Website 

(ico.savedroid.com). 

The SVD distribution ends officially on the 9th of March 2018. At this point in time, the 

sale agreement on the SVD between the ITS participant and savedroid will become 

legally effective and binding. The token distribution starts latest after the end of the 

Main Sale. At this point in time, all unsold SVD (out of the 6 billion SVD for sale) will be 

burned (or not minted in the first place) and after this point in time, the number of SVD 

will not increase from this effective number of SVD.  

There will be no further tokens created after the Hard Cap is reached and the total 

amount of 10 billion SVD will not be exceeded in any case. We will not create any new 

number of SVDs after the savedroid ITS. All tokens for sale (see SVD Distribution below) 

that are not sold by the end of the distribution will be burned. 

https://ico.savedroid.com/


 

 

Page 40 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

All reserved tokens (see SVD Distribution below) will be burned proportionally, so that 

the share of reserved versus token for sale, i.e. the free float of SVD, is fixed. Thus, the 

maximum number of SVD is determined. 

In the event that the Min Cap of 50 million sold SVDs is not reached before the end of 

the Main Sale, all payments will be returned, less charges depending on the payment 

method (credit card fee or blockchain gas). 

Each SVD token will be sold for 1 EUR = 100 SVD. There is a minimum purchase amount 

of 1,000 SVDs per purchase. 

We will accept a maximum (fixed limit) of 10 million SVDs per ITS participant for 

purchase in the savedroid ITS. 

The commencement of trading is planned a few days after the end of the ITS depending 

on the listing speed of token exchanges. SVD will be transferable on the first day of 

trading. 

At the beginning, the tokens will not have any features. The use as a means of payment 

for crypto services on the savedroid ecosystem will only be possible after the launch of 

such features according to the roadmap below. The dates of the roadmap depend on 

external factors such a partner set-up or regulation and can thus not be guaranteed. 

Metric Parameter 
Start of Pre-Sale 12 January 2018  
Start of Main Sale 09 February 2018  
Token Price 1 EUR = 100 SVD 
Tokens Issued 10,000,000,000 
Tokens for Sale 6,000,000,000 
Min Cap 50,000,000 
Min number per subscription 1,000 
Max number per subscription 10,000,000 

 

Please note: ITS participants will not see their amounts as ether summaries, as our ITS 

uses fiat, Bitcoin, and ether via separate subscription systems. 



 

 

Page 41 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

4.3. SVD Distribution and Allocation Scheme 

4.3.1. SVD Distribution 

60% of the maximum number of SVD will be offered for sale during the Pre-Sale and the 

Main Sale. The remaining SVDs are reserved and will be distributed as follows: 

10% will be reserved for community initiatives, business development, and expansion. 

5% will be allocated for our bounty program for ITS participants. A further 10% will be 

retained for distribution among advisors, community managers, smart contract 

developers, and legal. The remaining 15% of SVDs will be distributed to savedroid’s early 

equity investors and the savedroid team as an incentive to ensure long-term alignment 

of interests and commitment to the savedroid ecosystem and, hence, the savedroid 

token and their future value. 

All reserved tokens (except bounty tokens) will be locked and vest 1/20 per quarter, i.e., 

linear vesting over a total period of 5 years. This means that, each quarter, the owners 

of reserved tokens can only sell up to an additional 1/20 of their effectively allocated 

SVD. 

All lock-ups will be controlled by a dedicated smart contract (“Vesting Contract”) that will 

be publicly available. 



 

 

Page 42 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

 

Figure 5: SVD Distribution 

  



 

 

Page 43 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

4.3.2. Proceeds Allocation 

The funds raised will be used as follows: 

 

Figure 6: Allocation 

  



 

 

Page 44 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

4.4. How to Buy SVDs 

The savedroid token can be bought with the cryptocurrencies of Bitcoin and Ethereum 

as well as with fiat via bank credit transfer, SOFORT Überweisung, and credit card. The 

exact procedure of how to buy SVDs is available on our Website (ico.savedroid.com) and 

in our social media channels. savedroid may adjust the procedure and payment 

channels during the sale if required, so please always check the latest updates on our 

Website. 

 

4.5. Bounty Programs 

savedroid will offer different promotion programs for the ITS, the first programs are 

described below. 

4.5.1. Referral Program 

Our Referral Program will grant every token buyer that invites a friend 5% free savedroid 

tokens of the amount the invited friend purchases. For example, if your invited friend 

buys 100 savedroid tokens, you will receive 5 savedroid tokens for free. The free referral 

savedroid tokens will be assigned latest one week after the Closing of the Main Sale of 

the ITS. You can find more details on our Bounty Program Page on Bitcointalk 

(https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2700275). 

4.5.2. Social Media Bounty Program 

Our Social Media Bounty Program will reward you for spreading the word about the 

savedroid ITS across various channels such as Bitcointalk, Facebook, Twitter, or 

JOIN THE REVOLUTION – NOW! 

https://ico.savedroid.com/
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2700275
https://www.reddit.com/r/savedroid_ico
https://medium.com/@ico_8796
https://www.youtube.com/c/+savedroidAGFrankfurtamMain
https://t.me/savedroidico
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2578161.new#new
https://www.facebook.com/savedroid
http://ico.savedroid.com/
https://twitter.com/savedroidAG


 

 

Page 45 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Youtube. What you need to do to get the reward tokens you can find on on our Bounty 

Program Page on Bitcointalk (https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2700275). 

4.5.3. Bug Bounty Program 

Although our smart contracts are already audited as described in chapter 4.6.2, we still 

set up a Bug Bounty Program to encourage the Blockchain developer community to 

review our smart contracts. The smart contracts will be published on GitHub in January. 

We will release further details on where to find the smart contract on our Website 

(ico.savedroid.com). 

4.6. Transparency and Trust 

4.6.1. Funds Escrow 

All payments in cryptocurrencies received for SVDs in 

connection with the savedroid ITS will be held in escrow by 

attorney-at-law Axel Hellinger admitted to the German Bar. 

He is a well-recognized specialist for cryptocurrency and ICO 

law in Germany and owns an established escrow and tax 

advising firm (https://hellinger.eu, for his speech on 

cryptocurrency law at FrOSCon watch: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50CJIn5wprs). 

 

Mr. Hellinger will hold the ITS funds until the Min Cap is reached and the respective 

savedroid tokens are minted. If the Min Cap is not reached until the end of the Main 

Sale, he will ensure all funds will be returned. Funds will not be released to savedroid 

before the validation period explained below expires and savedroid proves that the 

respective savedroid tokens are minted and assigned to the buyers throughout the 

whole Pre-Sale and Main Sale of our ITS.  

The validation period lasts three days and gives participant the chance to file complaints 

if they have not received the savedroid tokens in their provided wallet before Mr. 

Axel Hellinger 

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2700275
https://ico.savedroid.com/
https://hellinger.eu/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50CJIn5wprs


 

 

Page 46 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Hellinger releases the funds to savedroid. The validation period starts when savedroid 

notifies the participant via email that his savedroid token have been minted. During the 

validation period, participants can file claims of missing savedroid tokens to Mr. 

Hellinger via the contact details on his website (https://hellinger.eu). 

All payments in fiat will be processed and managed 

by Bank Frick, a renowned family-run private bank 

from Lichtenstein which is among the few banks 

specialized in providing services for ICOs in Europe. 

Bank Frick will also manage returns, e.g. if the Min Cap is not reached. 

4.6.2. Security and Data Protection 

The savedroid SVD wallet is secured by state-of-the-art security measures following 

highest industry standards. Every year, the security and data protection measures of 

savedroid are audited by the TÜV Saarland Group, an internationally well renowned 

German technical inspection authority. 

savedroid runs numerous tests in accordance with best-practices and contract source 

code verification. In addition to that, savedroid conducts a smart contract audit with the 

help of external partners. This audit will cover the technical aspects of all token sale 

contracts to ensure that programmed algorithms work as expected. Furthermore, 

potential vulnerabilities will be identified beforehand to mitigate risks, so funds cannot 

be easily attacked by third parties. The audit does not guarantee that the code is bug-

free, but highlights potential weaknesses and areas of improvement. 

In addition, we will set up a special Bug Bounty Program as described in chapter 4.5 that 

is going to encourage the Blockchain developer community to report all bugs and any 

security issues that may be present. Due to a strong desire to put forth the best systems 

possible, we are continuously considering to add even more members to our team to 

cover all relevant areas, like crypto security experts. 

  

https://hellinger.eu/


 

 

Page 47 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

5. Status quo & Roadmap 

Since its launch, savedroid has built a fast-growing AI platform for saving and spending 

based on self-learning AI algorithms analyzing and optimizing users' personal finances 

to fulfil their wishes and maximize their lifestyle. savedroid has delivered strong 

momentum with 200K+ app downloads, 10M+ saving transactions, high user 

satisfaction and engagement, a 97% user recommendation rate based on great UX, 

convinced many blue chip B2B partners as well as trusted media and won prestigious 

awards, and, furthermore, formed an experienced and diverse team of AI, UX, Tech, 

Finance, and Marketing experts. Thus, savedroid has built a proven track record of its 

capabilities to simplify complex savings processes and is now all set and ready to 

simplify crypto. 

savedroid is fully committed to continue its path to success and pursue a clear roadmap 

leveraging its existing core assets of state-of-the-art AI technology and great UX to bring 

cryptocurrency saving and investing to the masses. 



 

 

Page 48 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

 



 

 

Page 49 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

In even more detail, savedroid has elaborated a quarterly roadmap until 2020 to 

consistently expand the savedroid ecosystem of AI fueled crypto saving and investing. 

Our expansion will follow a clear-cut step by step logic in terms of geography from 

Europe to the world as well as in terms of functionality from convenient crypto saving 

via smart saving and spending in and across cryptocurrencies to smart investments in 

cryptocurrency portfolios, derivatives, and ICOs. This will enable savedroid to deliver 

this one-of-a-kind crypto value proposition. 



 

 

Page 50 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

 



 

 

Page 51 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

 



 

 

Page 52 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

  



 

 

Page 53 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

6. Financial Model 

savedroid’s crypto saving and investing business case may offer significant growth 

opportunities based on maximum simplification, to provide average mass market users 

with easy access to cryptocurrencies and to drive fast user adoption. Based on these 

prosperous market opportunities, our financial experts have prepared an Excel 

spreadsheet for you, which you can use to easily simulate various SVD value scenarios. 

The Excel sheet can be downloaded on the Website using the following link: 

https://ico.savedroid.com/savedroid%20tokenmodel.xlsx. Please consider the risks 

stated below when working with the financial model and interpreting the results. 

The model is based on a micro-economic model that simulates possible price 

developments of SVD on third party token exchanges. The model includes parameters 

for possible future prices and revenues of the savedroid crypto services, assumptions 

for ITS sales, sell pressure, and savedroid token burn percentage. For more information 

about the savedroid token economics, please refer to chapter 3 above, where the supply 

and demand model behind the forecasted SVD price development is explained in detail. 

In the charts below, we simulated a possible outcome to illustrate the functioning of the 

model. 

 

Figure 7: Example SVD price developments 

 

€0,95 
€1,64 €1,92 

€2,08 €2,19 €2,27 
€2,49 €2,79 

€3,05 €3,27 
€3,54 

€4,17 
€4,82 

€5,48 
€6,27 

€7,20 

€8,14 

€9,08 

€0,00 

€2,00 

€4,00 

€6,00 

€8,00 

€10,00 

Q3
2018

Q4
2018

Q1
2019

Q2
2019

Q3
2019

Q4
2019

Q1
2020

Q2
2020

Q3
2020

Q4
2020

Q1
2021

Q2
2021

Q3
2021

Q4
2021

Q1
2022

Q2
2022

Q3
2022

Q4
2022

V
al

u
e 

o
f 

1
0

0
 S

V
D

SVD Price Scenario

https://ico.savedroid.com/savedroid%20tokenmodel.xlsx


 

 

Page 54 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

 

Figure 8: Example Token Demand vs. Sale 

 

 

Figure 9: Example Token floating vs. burning 

 

  

0

2.000.000.000

4.000.000.000

6.000.000.000

8.000.000.000

10.000.000.000

12.000.000.000

14.000.000.000

Q3
2018

Q4
2018

Q1
2019

Q2
2019

Q3
2019

Q4
2019

Q1
2020

Q2
2020

Q3
2020

Q4
2020

Q1
2021

Q2
2021

Q3
2021

Q4
2021

Q1
2022

Q2
2022

Q3
2022

Q4
2022

Token Demand vs. Sale

Tokens for Sale Token Demand

0

20.000.000

40.000.000

60.000.000

80.000.000

100.000.000

120.000.000

140.000.000

4.800.000.000

5.000.000.000

5.200.000.000

5.400.000.000

5.600.000.000

5.800.000.000

6.000.000.000

6.200.000.000

6.400.000.000

Q3
2018

Q4
2018

Q1
2019

Q2
2019

Q3
2019

Q4
2019

Q1
2020

Q2
2020

Q3
2020

Q4
2020

Q1
2021

Q2
2021

Q3
2021

Q4
2021

Q1
2022

Q2
2022

Q3
2022

Q4
2022

Burned Tokens

Total tokens floating Tokens burnt



 

 

Page 55 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

7. Acknowledgements 

We would like to thank everyone who helped us with their advice, network, feedback, 

and so much more, to shape the savedroid Initial Token Sale over all this time. We also 

wish to thank the entire blockchain community for their open mind and their support 

for bringing cryptocurrencies to the average user and, thus, grow cryptocurrencies way 

beyond today’s reach. 

 

  



 

 

Page 56 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Legal Note 

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS AS WELL AS THE “TOKEN SALE TERMS & 

CONDITIONS” (SALE T&C) AND THE “TOKEN REDEMPTION TERMS & CONDITIONS” 

(REDEMPTION T&C) CAREFULLY. 

Any agreement as between savedroid and you as a Participant, and in relation to any 

sale and purchase, of SVD (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only 

a separate document, the Sale T&C, setting out the applicable terms & conditions. Any 

agreement as between savedroid and you as a Participant, and in relation to any 

redemption of SVD (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only a 

separate document, the Redemption T&C, setting out the applicable terms & conditions. 

The Redemption T&C are subject to constantly update. In the event of any 

inconsistencies between any of these T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall 

prevail. 

 

No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without 

including this section and the following sections entitled “Legal Nature of SVD and of 

this Whitepaper”, “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No Representations and Warranties”, 

“Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking Statements”, “Market and Industry Information 

and No Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No Advice”, “No Further Information 

or Update”, “Restrictions On Distribution and Dissemination”, “No Offer of Securities or 

Registration” and “Risks and Uncertainties”. 

 

LEGAL NATURE OF SVD AND OF THIS WHITEPAPER 

SVD are not intended to constitute securities or any other form of capital investment 

product in any jurisdiction. They do not grant any rights in any company, dividends, 

payment of any interest, profit participation or any other remuneration for the provision 

of capital. They only represent the claim for performance of the Participant (and its 

successor) against savedroid in relation to goods and services offered from time to time 

by savedroid against SVD. Those services are subject to change in the sole discretion of 



 

 

Page 57 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

savedroid and roughly described in this Whitepaper. The purchase of SVD represents 

the prepayment (advance) of such services. 

savedroid will deploy all proceeds of sale of the SVD to provide the goods and services 

offered against SVD when requested by the Participant. 

SVD cannot be cashed in at savedroid and savedroid is not obliged to redeem any SVD 

against cash. 

This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort. It is 

not intended to constitute an offer for sale of, nor an invitation for an offer to purchase 

or subscribe for, SVD in general and securities or any other form of capital investment 

product in particular. This Whitepaper is also not intended to constitute a solicitation 

for investment in securities or any other form of capital investment product in any 

jurisdiction. 

This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or 

transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is 

prohibited or restricted. 

 

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY 

To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, 

savedroid shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other 

losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of 

revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with 

any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof. 

 

NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

savedroid does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, 

warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any 

representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and 

completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. The only binding 

documents are the Sale T&C and the Redemption T&C. 



 

 

Page 58 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The statements contained in this Whitepaper may include statements of future 

expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's 

current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertain-

ties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from 

those expressed or implied in such statements. Some of these statements can be 

identified by forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, 

“could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”, 

“project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms. However, these terms are not 

the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All statements regarding 

savedroid’s financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future 

prospects of the industry which savedroid is in are forward-looking statements. These 

forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements as to savedroid’s 

revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and 

other matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding savedroid are matters that are 

not historic facts, but only predictions. These forward-looking statements involve known 

and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future 

results, performance or achievements of savedroid to be materially different from any 

future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by such 

forward-looking statements. These factors include, amongst others: 

a. changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market 

conditions, and the regulatory environment in the countries in which savedroid 

conducts its businesses and operations; 

b. the risk that savedroid may be unable or execute or implement their respective 

business strategies and future plans; 

c. changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and 

cryptocurrencies; 

d. changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of 

savedroid; 



 

 

Page 59 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

e. changes in the availability and fees payable to savedroid in connection with its 

businesses and operations; 

f. changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by savedroid 

to operate its businesses and operations; 

g. changes in preferences of customers of savedroid; 

h. changes in competitive conditions under which savedroid operate, and the ability 

of savedroid to compete under such conditions; 

i. changes in the future capital needs of savedroid and the availability of financing 

and capital to fund such needs; 

j. war or acts of international or domestic terrorism; 

k. occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the 

businesses and/or operations of savedroid; 

l. other factors beyond the control of savedroid; and 

m. any risk and uncertainties associated with savedroid and their businesses and 

operations, the SVD and the ITS (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). 

All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to savedroid or persons acting 

on behalf of savedroid are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given 

that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or 

achievements of savedroid to be materially different from that expected, expressed or 

implied by the forward-looking statements in this Whitepaper, undue reliance must not 

be placed on these statements. These forward-looking statements are applicable only 

as of the date of this Whitepaper. 

Neither savedroid nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that 

the actual future results, performance or achievements of savedroid will be as discussed 

in those forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or achievements 

of savedroid may differ materially from those anticipated in these forwardlooking 

statements. 



 

 

Page 60 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, 

representation or undertaking as to the future performance or policies of savedroid. 

Further, savedroid disclaims any responsibility to update any of those forwardlooking 

statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to 

reflect future developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes 

available or other events occur in the future. 

The same applies to statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by the 

public and oral statements that may be made by savedroid or its directors, executive 

officers or employees acting on behalf of savedroid. 

 

MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS 

This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been 

obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, as well as 

market research, publicly available information and industry publications. Such surveys, 

reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications 

generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources 

believed to be reliable, but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or 

completeness of such included information. 

Save for savedroid and its directors, executive officers and employees, no person has 

provided his or her consent to the inclusion of his or her name and/or other information 

attributed or perceived to be attributed to such person in connection therewith in this 

Whitepaper and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be 

provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information by such person and 

such persons shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same. 

While savedroid has taken reasonable actions to ensure that the information is 

extracted accurately and in its proper context, savedroid has not conducted any 

independent review of the information extracted from third party sources, verified the 

accuracy or completeness of such information or ascertained the underlying economic 

assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, neither savedroid nor its directors, 



 

 

Page 61 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

executive officers and employees acting on their behalf makes any representation or 

warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and shall not be 

obliged to provide any updates on the same. 

 

TERMS USED 

To facilitate a better understanding of the SVD being offered for purchase by savedroid, 

and the businesses and operations of savedroid, certain technical terms and 

abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have been used in this 

Whitepaper. These descriptions and assigned meanings should not be treated as being 

definitive of their meanings and may not correspond to standard industry meanings or 

usage. 

Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa 

and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine 

and neuter genders and vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations. 

 

NO ADVICE 

This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to sell, 

or any solicitation of any offer by savedroid to purchase any SVD nor shall it or any part 

of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection 

with, any contract or investment decision. 

No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial 

or tax advice regarding savedroid, the SVD and the ITS (each as referred to in the 

Whitepaper). Each potential Participant should consult its own legal, financial, tax or 

other professional adviser regarding savedroid and its businesses and operations, the 

SVD and the ITS (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should be aware that you 

may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of SVD for an indefinite period 

of time. 

 



 

 

Page 62 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE 

No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not 

contained in this Whitepaper in connection with savedroid and its businesses and 

operations, the SVD and the ITS (each as referred to in the Whitepaper) and, if given, 

such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized 

by or on behalf of savedroid. The ITS (as referred to in the Whitepaper) shall not, under 

any circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or 

implication that there has been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve 

a material change in the affairs, conditions and prospects of savedroid or in any 

statement of fact or information contained in this Whitepaper since the date hereof. 

 

RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION 

The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be 

prohibited or restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any 

jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, everybody has to inform oneself 

about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to the possession of this 

Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at one’s own expense and without 

liability to savedroid. 

Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, 

provided access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not 

circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or 

any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the 

same to occur. 

 

NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION 

This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or any other form of capital 

investment product or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an 

offer of securities or any other form of capital investment product or a solicitation for 

investment in securities or any other form of capital investment product in any 



 

 

Page 63 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

jurisdiction. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment 

and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this 

Whitepaper. Any agreement in relation to any sale and purchase of SVD (as referred to 

in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only the Sale T&C of such agreement and no 

other document. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Sale T&C and this 

Whitepaper, the former shall prevail. 

Persons are not eligible and are not to purchase any SVD in the ITS (as referred to in this 

Whitepaper) if they are citizens, residents (tax or otherwise) or green card holders of 

the United States of America, People’s Republic of China or a citizen or resident of the 

Republic of Singapore, Socialist Republic of Vietnam or resident of a country where 

American embargoes and sanctions are in force, namely Iran, North Korea, Syria, Sudan, 

or Cuba or any other geographic area in which the purchase of SVD is prohibited by 

applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act. 

This Whitepaper has not been filed with or approved by any regulatory authority. No 

regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this 

Whitepaper, nor was such examination or approval sought. No such action has been or 

will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The 

publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the 

applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with. 

 

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 

The purchase of SVD is associated with significant risks and may lead to the loss of the 

contributed amount. There is no income, earning or return related to SVD. The 

tradability of SVD is unclear and might be very limited. 

savedroid and its businesses and operations, the SVD and the ITS (each as referred to 

in this Whitepaper) are subject to risks and uncertainties. In particular, economic and 

political/regulatory risks may influence the SVD and the further business of savedroid 

and the usage of SVD (up to the non-tradability and worthlessness). 



 

 

Page 64 of 64 

savedroid AG ICO Whitepaper v1.4 26.01.2018 

 

Prospective Participants of SVD (as referred to in this Whitepaper) should carefully 

consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with savedroid and its 

businesses and operations, the SVD and the ITS (each as referred to in the Whitepaper), 

all information set out in this Whitepaper and the T&Cs prior to any purchase of SVD. If 

any of such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial 

condition, results of operations and prospects of savedroid could be materially and 

adversely affected. In such cases, Participants may lose all or part of the value of the 

SVD. 

 

IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD 

CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). 


