
















































Seele


 



 

Seele 

1 

 

 

0 Abstract................................................................... 3 

1 Naming..................................................................... 4 

2 Mission and Goals .......................................................... 4 

3 Design Principles .......................................................... 5 

4 Neural Consensus Algorithm ................................................. 6 

4.1 Background ............................................................ 6 

4.2 Introduction .......................................................... 7 

4.3 Principle ............................................................. 7 

4.4 Highlights ............................................................ 8 

4.5 Security Analysis ..................................................... 9 

4.6 Experimental results................................................... 9 

4.6.1 Influence of Node Failure on Consensus Process ..................... 9 

4.6.2 Overall coverage of multiple sampling ............................. 11 

4.6.3 Number of communications for sampling ............................. 12 

4.6.4 Scalability ...................................................... 12 

4.6.5 Fault tolerance .................................................. 13 

4.6.6 Conclusion ....................................................... 14 

5 Heterogeneous Forest Network .............................................. 14 

5.1 Overview ............................................................. 14 

5.2 Single Blockchain Structure ........................................... 14 

5.3 Multiple Blockchain Structure ......................................... 15 

5.4 Forest Blockchain Structure ........................................... 15 

6 Value Transport Protocol .................................................. 17 

6.1 Internet Protocol .................................................... 17 

6.2 Current Status ....................................................... 17 

6.3 VTP .................................................................. 18 

6.3.1 Naming mechanism ................................................. 18 

6.3.2 Content addressing ............................................... 18 

6.3.3 Route cache ...................................................... 19 

6.3.4 VHTTP ............................................................ 19 

7 Quick Value Internet Connection ........................................... 20 

7.1 Introduction ......................................................... 20 

7.2 Technical Advantages.................................................. 20 



 

Seele 

2 

 

7.3 Framework ............................................................ 20 

7.4 Experimental comparison ............................................... 21 

7.4.1 Transport Bandwidth .............................................. 22 

7.4.2 Stability ........................................................ 22 

8 Computing Integration ..................................................... 22 

8.1 Current Situation .................................................... 22 

8.2 Resource Definition On-chain .......................................... 23 

8.2.1 Metadata Directory Specification .................................. 23 

8.2.2 Metadata Directory Description Method ............................. 24 

8.3 Storage and Computing................................................. 25 

8.3.1 Internet Storage ................................................. 25 

8.3.2 Grid Computing ................................................... 25 

8.3.3 Multi-domain and Multi-level Scheduling ........................... 27 

8.4 Client Design ........................................................ 27 

8.4.1 Metadata On-chain ................................................ 27 

8.5 Data Privacy and Confidentiality ...................................... 29 

8.5.1 Attribute Encryption ............................................. 29 

8.5.2 Security Multi-Party Computing.................................... 31 

9 Ecology/Governance/Incentive .............................................. 31 

9.1 Developer Ecology .................................................... 31 

9.1.1 Problems ......................................................... 31 

9.1.2 Solutions ........................................................ 32 

9.2 Industry Application Ecology .......................................... 32 

9.3 Economic System ...................................................... 33 

9.3.1 Token ............................................................ 33 

9.3.2 Incentives ....................................................... 34 

9.3.3 Governance Structure ............................................. 35 

10 Core Team ................................................................ 36 

11 Roadmap.................................................................. 40 

12 Postscript Note .......................................................... 41 

13 References ............................................................... 41 



 

Seele 

3 

 

0 Abstract 

In recent years, various blockchain systems and its applications continue to 

open up boundaries, to a wider area and deeper application development. 

Bitcoin, Ethereum and other public chains and digital cryptocurrencies 

continue to emerge, as well as consortium chains, such as Fabric, Corda 

blossoming, the formation of highly competitive situation. 

 

With the development of blockchain technology and its applications, the 

problems are gradually exposed. Issues such as the inability to scale for large-

scale performance, the inability to support diverse business scenarios and the 

inability to exchange information and share assets across different blockchain 

networks are becoming more prominent. 

 

In response to these problems, we back to the core value of the blockchain and 

try to solve these problems from several core issues in the blockchain: 

consensus algorithms, ecological topologies, Value Internet protocols, 

underlying network protocols, collaborative convergence computing and 

application ecosystem, etc., to promote the wider application of blockchain and 

Value Internet. 

 

In response to these problems, we try to make progress in different aspects of 

the blockchain, such as the core issues of the blockchain, underlying 

communication protocols, network infrastructure, cross-chain agreements, 

consensus algorithms and the upper application ecosystem, and strive to 

promote the development of the blockchain and value-added Internet widely 

used. 
 A novel neural consensus algorithm is proposed to improve the fault 

tolerance from 33% to 40% without any loss of performance compared with 

the Byzantine Agreement (BA) algorithm; 

 

 Proposed Heterogeneous Forest (HF) Network architecture with good 

scalability for a wide variety of application scenarios, as well as perfect 

mechanisms resource and security isolation for any generic or customizable 

demand; 

 

 Proposed Value Transport Protocol (VTP) and Value HTTP (VHTTP 

Protocol) to realize the naming, discovery and addressing service of Value 

Internet assets and entities, and seamlessly integrate and integrate with the 

Internet resources to build underlying protocols and infrastructure services 

for blockchain ecosystem; 

 Proposed TCP/UDP-based low-latency Quick Value Internet Connection 

(QVIC) protocol that can better adapt to and meet the requirements of 



 

Seele 

4 

 

blockchain network than traditional Internet TCP and UDP protocols used 

in current blockchain networks. There are several obvious advantages in 

handling more connections, security, and low latency, especially in the 

transmission of packets of a specific block size (1M, 2M). Compared with 

UDP, the transmission efficiency is improved nearly 1 order of magnitude. 

1 Naming 

Seele is "soul" in German, which refers not only to the human soul itself but 

also to the core of a person's ideas or actions. Seele implies our goal: to innovate 

new era of Value Internet. 

2 Mission and Goals 

 Standards promoters, network builders, eco-preachers of Value Internet 

infrastructure; 

 

 To integrate the essence of the layered model of Internet fundamental 

protocol and provide a solid agreement guarantee for the interoperability 

of resources and the collaborative computing of heterogeneous networks; 

 

 Providing a powerful foundation platform and high-speed pipe for the free 

and safe circulation of resources and positioning, discovery and transfer of 

value and transformation within and across the global chain; 

 

 Adhere to the ecological-oriented, win-win cooperation strategy for 

developers, service providers and users of data assets registration, value 

delivery and exchange of open platform. Dedicated to building operating 

system of Value Internet that provide developers with an integrated and 

flexible service design, development, testing and deployment service chain, 

provide the most efficient channels of service to customers for service 

providers, and the simplest channel for value transfer and exchange for 

users; 

 

 Using the token economy to encourage community contributions to share 

and create ecosystem rather than a centralized software platform; 

 

 Build new relations of production of Value Internet, promote the 

development of the blockchain in depth and release future productivity. 



 

Seele 

5 

 

3 Design Principles 

Open System Architecture (OSA): meet the requirements of portability, 

customization and interoperability in fundamental protocols and standards, 

functional framework and upper-level applications; 

 

Efficiency First: provide efficient and stable business platform, fast and 

accurate value transfer; 

 

Dynamic Expansion: support dynamic expansion of blockchain network 

structure to achieve the dynamic planning and adjustment of computing 

resources and storage capacity for different business requirements. 

 

Resource Isolation: adopting the partition hierarchical multi-chain mode and 

the blockchain as a business to avoid multi-service interference; 

 

Experience First: provide full-scale multi-perspective development and service 

support for users through standardized communication protocols, module 

interface specifications, SDKs and IDEs, community support, developer 

conferences, industry application associations and others. 

 

As pioneers and practitioners of the next generation of blockchain, we work 

together to create value system and ecosystem with our partners by combining 

heterogeneous forests, neural network consensus algorithms, computational 

power sharing between inside and outside chain, and scalable TPS. 



 

Seele 

6 

 

 
Fig 3.1 Seele: Blockchain 4.0 

4 Neural Consensus Algorithm 

4.1 Background 

The current consensus algorithms are not compatible with Scalability, Security 

and Efficiency, forming an SSE paradox. Such as PoW, to meet the scalability 

and safety requirements, but the computational overhead; PoS meets the 

requirements of efficiency but is deficient in scalability and security; DPoS 

meets the requirements of scalability and efficiency, but has insufficient 

security; pBFT meets the requirements of security and power consumption, but 

when the node size is very large, the problem of network overhead becomes 

very prominent. Hashgraph meets the requirements of scalability and 

efficiency, but has insufficient security, and due to its structural and process 

constraints, such as the connectivity and partition of network nodes, the 



 

Seele 

7 

 

confirmation delay of some transactions is relatively large; Algorand meets the 

requirements of scalability, security and power consumption, but has strict 

requirements on the overall connectivity of the network, convergence delay 

becomes unpredictable in the case of network partition. 

4.2 Introduction 

Seele synthesizes the advantages and disadvantages of current mainstream 

consensus algorithms, and proposes a new ε-differential agreement (EDA) 

based on "micro-real numbers", which transform the consensus problem into 

an asynchronous request processing and sorting of data in large-scale 

environment, and has a very strong robustness for the overall connectivity of 

the network, for non-fully connected networks, and even each network 

connection is less than 50% of the proportion of the system can operate 

normally. One of the most important features of the consensus algorithm is the 

linear scalability, that is, the performance increases linearly with the node size. 

The larger the node size, the faster convergence and the better performance. In 

the 100K node network environment, TPS reached 100K, the transaction 

confirmation delay decreased to several seconds. 

4.3 Principle 

Through repeated incomplete random sampling, all the features of the system 

will be gradually covered, and the discrete voting [𝑇|𝐹] of the traditional 

consensus agreement will be transformed into a continuous voting [0%, 100%]. 

By using the convergence function, when each voting value is compressed and 

the range is smaller than the preset threshold ε, it is determined that the voting 

is consistent and the voting value is used as the basis for sorting. 

 

Consensus process adds a parameter v for confirming the order of the blocks, 

converges this parameter in the consensus process by an algorithm that 

complies with the corresponding requirements, and when the range of this 

parameter converges to less than the required precision ε, that is, to ensure that 

only one block exists within the range of the scale. For multiple blocks, the 

blocks are continuously positioned on the axes through independent and 

independent loops, completing the sorting. 

 

The algorithm uses the position of coordinates on a virtual axis as the basis of 

the block ordering so that the block ordering no longer depends on the 

consensus of the pre-block and completely out of the performance bottleneck 

that the existing consistent protocol cannot be parallelized, Processing provides 

an effective and practical method to greatly improve the efficiency of the 



 

Seele 

8 

 

system. Through the architecture separation, the agreement will be consistent 

with the consistency of the front of the repeatability test, back-end storage 

technology separated from, with good portability. Due to the fact that there is 

no data processing or access to the whole consensus process, its data 

independence makes it widely applicable in many scenarios such as finance, e-

government and traceability. 

 

Figure 4.1 Consensus model 

4.4 Highlights 

 Consensus process changed from discrete voting to continuous voting 

In the traditional consensus, the voting on the block between nodes represents 

the node's opinion with 0 or 1, and its voting is discrete. 

 Efficiency parameters can be adjusted for different environment 

Parallel consensus will be to improve the operating efficiency of asynchronous 

systems, give full play to the parallel system of distributed computing 

capabilities. With asynchronous system multi-node design, you can further 

enhance the system's concurrent performance. 

 Energy saving 

There is no head node selection process in the scheme, and there is no PoW or 

PoS required to fully reduce the energy consumption during the operation of 

the non-central system. In addition, in addition to extracting abstract 

information, floating-point arithmetic needs to be performed in the scheme. 

The rest of the operations and sequencing are based on integer arithmetic, 

which requires extremely low performance of nodes and further reduces the 

social and economic costs. 

 Low transmission overhead 

The scheme does not need to connect with most nodes during the consensus 

process and obtains the vote (PBFT), which can save the overhead of system 

data transmission and reduce the node's dependence on the system network 

structure as much as possible. 



 

Seele 

9 

 

 Adjustable parameters 

The consensus efficiency of this algorithm is based on the selection of 

parameters such as the convergence interval ε and the sampling rate s, and the 

optimal system efficiency can be obtained by adjusting the relevant parameters 

in real time. 

 Compatible with a variety of network structure 

The consensus algorithm has strong adaptability to the traditional chain 

structure and DAG structure. 

4.5 Security Analysis 

For the Sybil attack, according to the currency value held by the consensus 

users, assign weights to them and use multiple local random sampling step by 

step features to cover as long as the Sybil node has a total monetary value of 

less than half of the total value, To the chain algorithm on the Sybil attack has 

the absolute resistance and immunity, to avoid the bifurcation and double 

spend. 

 

For the random selection of nodes in the consensus process, the metamethod 

uses a random computable function, and the user calculates from his private 

key whether or not it is selected and feeds back and broadcast the result to other 

Users, this random selection process is non-interactive, the attacker could not 

know in advance which nodes are selected. During each round of consensus, 

the nodes in the selection are all random and different, which also increases the 

cost and cost of the attack. 

4.6 Experimental results 

Seele refers pBFT algorithm, using 2K Amazon EMC cloud nodes, the 

algorithm convergence range control parameter ε <0.001%. 

4.6.1 Influence of Node Failure on Consensus Process 

Three testing scenarios： 

A: The total number of failed nodes is 10%, that is, 200 failed nodes;  

B: The total number of failed nodes is 33%, that is, there are 660 failed nodes; 

C: The total number of faulty nodes is 40%, that is, the number of faulty nodes 

is 800. 

 

For pBFT, the system fails to operate when the total number of failed nodes 



 

Seele 

10 

 

(including malicious nodes and failed nodes) is more than 33%, which means 

that for scenario C, the pBFT solution will not work. The EDA scheme verifies 

the effectiveness of the scheme by using a different sampling rate, s, for each 

10% increase and 20 for each s value. 

 

For Scene A, it takes up to 6 votes to complete the consensus and determine the 

order. 

 
Fig 4.2 Effect of sampling rate s on the number of consensus 

(fault node accounting for 10%) 

 

For scenario B, it takes up to 7 votes to complete the consensus and determine 

the order. 

 
Fig 4.3 Impact of sampling rate s on the number of consensus 

(fault nodes accounted for 33%) 

 



 

Seele 

11 

 

For scene C, when s is not less than 20%, it takes up to 8 votes to complete the 

consensus and determine the order. As for pBFT, could not accomplish the 

consensus in this environment because the number of failed nodes is higher 

than the basic requirement. 

 
Fig 4.4 Impact of sampling rate s on the number of consensus 

(fault nodes accounted for 40%) 

4.6.2 Overall coverage of multiple sampling 

Large-scale node environment (N = 10k), sample rate 3% (n = 300). After two 

rounds of EDA, any normal node has already received voting of all node r-2 

rounds; medium scale node environment, the sampling rate was 30% (n = 30), 

which also received rounds of r-2 rounds after two rounds. 

 

Fig 4.5 Overall coverage of multiple sampling 



 

Seele 

12 

 

4.6.3 Number of communications for sampling 

Under the condition of large-scale node, EDA transmission has obvious effect 

on bandwidth saving. Under small-scale network, EDA is not much different 

from pBFT, and is superior to pBFT when r*s<2. In small-scale network, 

network bandwidth consumption is negligible. 

 

Fig 4.6 Comparison of the number of communications 

4.6.4 Scalability 

Node N = 100K, S = 0.9%, EDA two rounds cover 100% of voting components, 

same as pBFT; 

Node N = 100K, S = 0.9%, R <= 10, the number of transmissions is far less than 

the pBFT; 

pBFT in the parallel vote, the voting results produced meaningless, you need 

to re-sort, and re-consensus on the sort; 

EDA in the parallel vote, the resulting voting results can be directly used as a 

sort basis. 



 

Seele 

13 

 

 

Fig 4.7 Comparison of the scalability 

4.6.5 Fault tolerance 

Blocking occurs when the failure rate of pBFT exceeds 33% and EDA allows the 

node to continue voting until the failed node returns to normal. 

 
Fig 4.8 Comparison of the fault tolerance between PBFT and EDA 

 

EDA in a small-scale environment: 

Define sample S = 100%, E = 100%: Lost ability of parallel sorting degrades to 

typical PBFT; 

Define sampling S = 100%, E <100%: Increase network consumption (multiple 

rounds), keep parallel sorting ability; 

Define samples S = 100%, E = 0%: reduce fault tolerance, allow parallel sorting; 



 

Seele 

14 

 

 

Fig 4.9 Comparison of the failure rate between PBFT and EDA 

4.6.6 Conclusion 

It can be concluded from the above experimental results that with s not less 

than 20%, for the system that failure of the node does not exceed 40%, are able 

to achieve the overall system convergence. And the value of s is high, the less 

the number of convergence required, the better. 

5 Heterogeneous Forest Network 

5.1 Overview 

The development of human society has experienced the primitive single-tribal 

model, to multi-tribal model, to different cultural habitats, and then to different 

institutional countries. The development of the Internet also experienced the 

stand-alone era, multi-machine simple interconnection, multi-machine LAN, to 

a variety of heterogeneous LAN interconnection, and then to PC Internet at the 

end of last century, and then to today's mobile Internet and Internet of Things. 

The development of the blockchain, starting with the blockchain v1 - Bitcoin, 

to v2 - Ethereum with smart contracts [1][2], to today's blooming blockchain 

products. 

5.2 Single Blockchain Structure 

Traditional blockchain networks, such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc. are all single-

chain structure and all transactions take place on one chain. The advantages of 

single-chain structure are that the transaction and consensus process is 

relatively simple, early in the development of blockchain can well meet user 

requirements. However, with the development of blockchain technology and 



 

Seele 

15 

 

market demand for the blockchain, single-chain architecture gradually exposed 

many pain points: 
 There are bottlenecks in throughput and performance: Bitcoin has only 7 

TPS and applications need to wait for several blocks (6 blocks are 

recommended) in order to ensure a transaction remains on the 

authoritative chain, and Ethereum takes 10-20 seconds to produce a new 

block, all of which severely hampered the growing demand for blockchain 

services; 

 

 Intra-chain business interferes with one another: single-chain architectures 

can easily overwhelm the entire system with busy individual businesses, 

such as very hot game Crypto Kitties that overcrowed the entire Ethereum 

network. Many normal transactions could not be promptly processed and 

confirmed; 

 

 Closed network structure: could not achieve cross-chain interaction 

between different chains, could not meet the needs of business interaction 

between multiple platforms. 

5.3 Multiple Blockchain Structure 

In order to overcome the limitations of single-chain structure, multi-chain 

structure was proposed. The main forms are multiple parallel chains, 

main/side chains and so on, which partially meet the diversified needs of the 

business. However, there are still some shortcomings in terms of flexibility and 

customization. 

 For multiple parallel chains, the function of each chain is usually pre-

configured, it is difficult to meet the rapidly changing and diversified 

business needs, and how to share computing and data resources on 

multiple chains is also not well solved. 

 

 For the main/side chain structure, different side chains can be derived 

according to the growth and changes of the business. However, side chain 

consensus is more closely coupled with the main chain, and the main chain 

may become a new center and bottleneck. 

5.4 Forest Blockchain Structure 

The traditional Internet, we open browser and input the web site name, enter 

the site, click the page link to access resources within the site or outside the site, 

access to information, in a professional terminology, that is Internet surfing. 

Behind this, the DNS (Domain Name System), one of the basic Internet 

protocols, has made a tremendous contribution. 



 

Seele 

16 

 

 

The Value Internet built by blockchain as a huge network of clusters around 

the world, each blockchain, each subnet produces the same or different 

business, to provide different services, there are also a large number of different 

cross-chain requests, the stable operation of the cluster to provide a good value 

transmission services for human. Drawing on the successful experience of DNS, 

we propose a heterogeneous forest network architecture that bridges the real 

world and the digital world so as to enable the definition, storage, transfer and 

transformation of resources and assets on the Value Internet to promote 

integration of Value Internet services with traditional Internet business. 

 

Fig 5.1 Heterogeneous Forest Network 

 

Heterogeneous forest network consists of different subnets, each subnet can be 

seen as a hierarchical partition tree, the top of the tree chain is a global service 

chain, called "Meta chain", which provides global configuration and scheduling 

service. From top to bottom, it is a chain of various business forms. It is divided 

according to business scenarios, isolation mechanisms, and performance costs. 

The upper layer provides addressing and scheduling services to the lower 

layers. Each layer can be set independently governance mechanisms, such as 

access rights, flow control, security mechanisms, each layer formed a plurality 

of independent small ecology, all small ecology constitutes a complete large 

ecosystem. 

 

Due to the various specialties of different businesses in the real world, as 

mentioned above, it is difficult for a single-chain structure to perfectly support 

multiple heterogeneous services. In a heterogeneous forest network, each chain 



 

Seele 

17 

 

only serves the services of the smallest set of functions, and each of the cohesive 

services runs on a separate chain. This could not only achieve effective security 

isolation, but also realize the maximum value of the efficient use of computing 

and resources, and cross-chain agreements between different chains for value 

exchange. 

 

Heterogeneous forest network structure can meet different types of complex 

business needs in the real world. Different types of business with different 

characteristics run in different sub-chains, such as compute-intensive, IO-

intensive, and mixed-type respectively run well on different chains; Different 

levels of security requirements of the business can also run at different levels, 

such as for bank business needs, in the data security and strong consistency of 

the transaction will have higher requirements, it can be isolated in the most 

secure layer. 

6 Value Transport Protocol 

6.1 Internet Protocol 

The widespread adoption and success of the traditional Internet is due to a full 

set of normative protocols. It connects all kinds of equipment and network, and 

unifies the resources identification, making the exchange of resources 

extremely convenient. 

 IP (Internet Protocol): Any device and software can seamlessly access the 

Internet and share resources if it complies with and implements IP 

protocol. 

 

 URI (Uniform Resource Identifier): uniquely identifies Internet resources, 

such as pictures, text, video clips, etc., the identification allows users to 

interact with any resources through a specific protocol. 

6.2 Current Status 

The current various blockchain networks, each with different data, transactions, 

codes and links, could not share data and communicate with each other, 

forming independent blockchain islands, such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, the 

data model and the interactive protocol is completely different, is completely 

independent of two incompatible systems. 

For Bitcoin users, the address is a character shaped like this: 

33YV5wC11kF67AuGSwTpUSpDTHBPTS4qDh 
For Ethereum users, they also have the same address form. Such strings are 



 

Seele 

18 

 

handy for machines and programs, but very unfriendly to human cognition 

and memory, which greatly limits the value transmission on blockchain 

networks. Although the ENS service based on Ethereum provides a DNS-like 

naming service, there are still many deficiencies in terms of efficiency and 

coverage. 

6.3 VTP 

In order to solve the pain point that the value transmission between the 

blockchain networks cannot be effectively carried out, Seele proposes the Value 

Transport Protocol (VTP) based on the heterogeneous forest network 

architecture. The agreement covers the uniform identification of the assets on 

the chain and the routing strategy for asset discovery. It is a full set of transport 

protocol for the blockchain value network. 

6.3.1 Naming mechanism 

For blockchain networks, the data on the chain is the asset. The naming of each 

asset and the uniqueness of its identity is of great importance to the registration, 

discovery, transfer and conversion of assets. 

 

Based on the VTP protocol, we define the Uniform Asset Identifier (UAI). 

Hierarchical structured naming of assets is helpful for people's cognition and 

memory, and has the uniqueness, availability, scalability and other 

characteristics 

 

E.g CHAIN://edu.pku.cs/account/data 

In this example, 'CHAIN: //' is the default protocol header, 'edu', 'pku' and 'cs' 

are the chain identifications at all levels, and 'account' is the account on the 

chain (or contract), 'data' is the account of some information, it can be the 

account balance, notes, and even a contract interface. In heterogeneous forest 

networks, different namespaces are used between chains, and the same 

namespace of parent chains, which facilitates the addressing and routing of 

content through parent-child relationships. 

6.3.2 Content addressing 

Each chain provides sub-chain address lookup service, which is implemented 

by the system contract and initialized when building the chain. When a new 

sub-chain is added, the sub-chain sends a registration request to the parent 

chain, and the parent chain records the sub-chain address. “Meta chain” is 

global configuration chain, managing the entire forest network entry address 



 

Seele 

19 

 

of all, when inquiring a message, according to UAI first find the entry from the 

meta chain, and then down to find until you find the desired sub-chain, and 

then according to the contents of the account and data fields targets specific 

assets. Meta chain will not become a performance bottleneck, because routing 

information can be cached due to meet the principle of locality.  

6.3.3 Route cache 

In order to ensure more efficient network utilization, improve data availability 

and access efficiency, and enhance the upper service experience, Seele 

introduces a routing cache mechanism. On each chain, the built-in system 

contract manages route caching and is initialized when the chain is built. For 

the cache replacement strategy, there are several main ways: 

 Replacing strategy based on last interviewed time interval; 

 Replacement strategy based on access frequency; 

 Strategies based on the last visit interval and frequency of access; 

 Strategy based on random replacement; 

 

Clean up the cache immediately when cache routing addressing failed. When 

a new sub-chain joins a heterogeneous forest network, you must register the 

information with the meta chain. Pass the message through the meta chain to 

the next level, and update the route. 

6.3.4 VHTTP 

To facilitate easy cross-chain access for upper-level applications, Seele refers to 

the traditional HTTP protocol for the Internet and proposes a Value- HTTP 

(VHTTP) protocol for Value Internet. This protocol implements the exchange 

of values between chains, between on-chain and off-chain. VHTTP is 

compatible with HTTP protocol and can recognize the format of HTTP request 

packets. That is, users outside the chain can access the assets and data in the 

chain directly through the HTTP protocol. For HTTP requests coming into the 

blockchain network, mappings between methods are automatically established. 

 

VHTTP protocol request consists of three parts: request header, message 

header, body. 

 

The request header begins with the name of the method, separated by a space, 

and the requested address and version of the asset identified by UAI are at the 

end, in the following format: 
Method UAI Version CRLF 

Request method types are as follows: 

GET: Request to obtain the resource information identified by UAI 



 

Seele 

20 

 

POST: Create assets (store assets on the chain) 

TRANSFER: Transfer assets between two UAIs 

7 Quick Value Internet Connection 

7.1 Introduction 

Blockchain nodes are world-widely located, that means a complex network 

environment. The large network jitter and latency can seriously affect the 

performance of consensus algorithms and the synchronization of blocks 

between nodes. Compared with the traditional Internet TCP and UDP 

protocols used by current Blockchain networks, we propose the Quick Value 

Internet Connection(QVIC) protocol that better adapts to and meets the various 

needs that blockchain value networks face at the transport and application 

layers. In dealing with more connections, security, low latency has obvious 

advantages, especially for the specific block size (1M, 2M) on the transmission 

of a special optimization, transmission efficiency increased by nearly 1 order of 

magnitude. 

7.2 Technical Advantages 

➢ Using a non-transparent proxy mode, the client connects to the server 

nearby and is taken over by QVIC; 

➢ Data from the source to the destination to ensure safety without cache; 

➢ Encode data streams, transfer server-to-server data over UDP packets, and 

increase security; 
➢ Load balancing can be used to improve robustness; 

➢ High tolerance for packet loss; 

7.3 Framework 

In the case of wide area network, for network jitter, packet loss and other 

characteristics of instability, QVIC conducted targeted optimization. Not only 

retains the fast and efficient features of the UDP protocol, but also provides the 

integrity of TCP data transmission. 



 

Seele 

21 

 

 

Fig 7.1 Framework of QVIC 
 

QVIC protocol, due to the use of pre-connection mode, handshake control done 

at the sending end, handshaking time can be ignored, the direct transmission 

of data packets, so the transfer rate and efficiency has been greatly improved. 

 

Fig 7.2 Comparison of handshake mechanism 

7.4 Experimental comparison 

50 machines in different data centers in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and 

London were used to test data transmission. Under the condition of using 

QVIC protocol, the transmission rate of 1G file was increased from 100Kbps to 

1Mbps. In the above four data centers to build blockchain test network, 1K 

nodes for testing, accelerated by the QVIC protocol, due to consensus data 



 

Seele 

22 

 

transmission efficiency and efficiency of block synchronization process, a 

single transaction confirmation time reduced by 70%. 

7.4.1 Transport Bandwidth 

As can be seen from the figure below, compared with the TCP protocol, the 

QVIC protocol has greatly improved the transmission rate, and the speedup 

ratio has reached 500% for 1GB data transmission. 

 

Fig 7.3 Comparison of transmission rate 

7.4.2 Stability 

Based on the UDP protocol, QVIC improves the stability and efficiency several 

times by customizing the transmission control algorithm and the FEC dynamic 

compensation mechanism. 

8 Computing Integration 

8.1 Current Situation 

Resources on the blockchain is based on consensus. Because it has reliability, 

security and non-tamper resistance, so that more data can be transferred from 

the center of the storage to the chain. However, when it comes to chain storage 

of files and data, the cost for the blockchain itself is relatively large. In addition, 



 

Seele 

23 

 

many agencies, including the government and enterprises, have large amounts 

of high-value data. However, the main challenge and the challenge of open 

data sharing are how to protect the security and privacy of data. For computing, 

on the one hand, the traditional way of application execution could not 

guarantee the data security and the correctness of the results in the calculation 

process. On the other hand, the virtual machine could not provide a higher 

computing power to provide additional resources to meet the more demanding 

computing needs. 

Computing resource integration based on Seele defines a new type of 

technology that integrates off-chain storage and computational resources over 

blockchain and smart contracts. Internet storage solves the problem of 

blockchain storage: 

1. Through the perfect combination of blockchain and IPFS, it makes up 

the shortage of existing blockchain system in file storage, encrypts the 

hash value of the file directory on the blockchain, and then saves the 

storage cost of the blockchain. File encryption can be permanently stored 

in the distributed IPFS file sharing. 

2. SC to solve the problem of data islands, blockchain-based data 

desensitization technology to ensure data privacy, privacy protection for 

the data open to provide a solution. In the case of the data is off-chain, 

to provide reliable exchange of data within the network to ensure data 

privacy and ownership in the exchange of shared. 

 

Internet computing presents a new form of distributed cloud computing 

infrastructure that enables blockchain computing with lower operating costs 

based on Seele. Seele provides two different methods of computation, where 

multiple secure computations on a contract on-chain virtual machines are 

suitable for scenarios where applications with low resource requirements are 

safe to transfer. In addition, there is also a way to control how the desktop 

systems and distributed clusters off the chain control computing resources 

through contractual entities. 

8.2 Resource Definition On-chain 

The Naming Value Transfer Protocol defines a complete set of blockchain 

Value Transfer Protocol (NVTP), which uses a hierarchical structured naming 

method to name the information in the chain. This structured naming scheme 

(UAI) defines the protocol header, Chain identification, account and resources. 

This section mainly describes the storage definition of resources on the chain. 

8.2.1 Metadata Directory Specification 

The Meta-Data-Directory Specification (MDDS) is used to describe the original 



 

Seele 

24 

 

data features of off-chain storage, including static description of the semantic 

features and basic attributes of data and dynamic description of data storage 

mechanism. MDDS has been well verified in actual usage scenarios. We use 

MDDS in the trusted data exchange platform based on blockchain and 

intelligent contracts to uniquely identify the original data description 

information. 

8.2.2 Metadata Directory Description Method 

Seele extends MDDS. A Resource Description Framework (RDF) is proposed. 

RDF is a description protocol for specific information contained in the UAI. In 

addition to including the static and dynamic description of the data resources 

by the part of MDDS, adding description of computing resources, and 

calculating the characteristics of resources through blockchain description, 

including memory, CPU, hard disk and so on. Described for the computing of 

resource requests is the implementation of sharding tasks need to do the 

minimum amount of resources, such as the minimum memory, minimum CPU 

cores and other information. 

 

As an important component of distributed storage and computation of Seele, 

automatic addressing is used to address the content through system contract. 

According to UAI identification, we first find the entry from the root chain and 

then search downwards until we find the desired sub chain to find the data 

resource information RDF corresponding to the account and initiate a request 

for the on-chain (or off-chain) resource pointed by RDF. After the request is 

confirmed by the signature of the data owner, the smart contract can match the 

resource consumer and the resource supplier. In the practical application 

scenario, the automatic matching of the resource supplier and the consumer 

needs to select different strategies according to the actual needs of users. 
Each chain provides a sub-chain address lookup service, which can be 

implemented by the system contract and initialized when building the chain. 

When a new sub-chain is added, the sub-chain sends a registration request to 

the parent chain, and the parent-chain records the sub-chain address. Root 

chain is the global configuration chain, management of the entire forest system, 

all the entrance address, when received a query for information, according to 

URDI identification first find the entry from the root chain, and then look down 

until you find the desired sub-chain, according to URDI in the account and data 

fields to access the resources on the chain. 



 

Seele 

25 

 

8.3 Storage and Computing 

8.3.1 Internet Storage 

With MDDS, we provide two kinds of distributed storage methods based on 

blockchain. IPFS is as the core of storage and metadata on the chain of storage. 

The IPFS-centric storage is to provide a decentralized network where users 

store data on IPFS, a directory structure that allows each user to define files, 

and a directory structure that includes links to other IPFS files and other 

description of the files. The user uploads the data to the blockchain, the 

producer determines that the data is accepted by the broadcast, and the other 

blockchain nodes copy the file over the IPFS network. On the blockchain, 

calculate the hash of all published content; build a hash index address. When a 

user accesses a file, it will broadcast a hash request, find the node that stores 

the file, and send it to the user. 

 

In the public network environment, which its own data for trusted exchange of 

data scenarios is suitable for the use of metadata on the chain of storage. 

Trusted data exchange in the actual product has been verified. Through the 

interconnection protocol provided by the public chain, the user can also 

synchronize the original data information of files in the own data storage to the 

blockchain, and establish the mapping relationship between the data directory 

on the blockchain and the user-owned data by using the MDDS. 

 

Data or metadata stored in the chain need to ensure data security and privacy, 

in addition to using traditional data encryption technology to ensure that the 

data's security and privacy on-chain, but also to ensure that the data is not 

compromised in the transmission process, and to ensure that the same data to 

different users have different access and readability, that is, we need data 

encryption based on the fine-grained access control, the public chain using 

attribute encryption and security sandbox to achieve data encryption based on 

fine-grained access control. 

8.3.2 Grid Computing 

Computing resource integration provides distributed computing capabilities 

based on blockchain. Based on intelligent contract virtual machines on nodes 

in public network environments, pervasive contracts make up a verifiable, 

distributed computing environment similar to that of Ethereum. The difference 

is that during the Computing resource integration, the data is securely 

encapsulated within the sandbox and the sandbox runs on the contractual 

virtual machine to ensure that the data is calculated in a secure environment. 



 

Seele 

26 

 

 

In a traditional data exchange scenario, C uses data from S1, S2, and S3 and 

uses an algorithm M provided by the algorithm provider to provide data to the 

algorithm provider that the algorithm provider runs on the data provided by 

S. The algorithm returns the result back to C, but this way the data of S has been 

leaked to the algorithm provider. Computing resource integration based on 

secure multi-party computing provides a new way, the data provider upload 

encrypted data in the contract virtual machine calculation, the data is divided 

into N parts distributed to the N contract virtual machine, and finally according 

to the contract virtual machine in the protocol execution. The intermediate 

results obtained during the stage are reorganized to obtain the final calculation 

result. 

 

Fig 8.1 Framework of grid computing 
 

Based on the collaborative computing, Seele provides a new computing 

method. Through contract control and coordination, the distributed computing 

process can be extended to off-chain computing resource providers, and the 

data is distributed to the desktop system through the sandbox or distributed 

cluster computing power platform. And verify the correctness of the 

computing process and the result through the blockchain. 



 

Seele 

27 

 

8.3.3 Multi-domain and Multi-level Scheduling 

Tasks and resource scheduling are very important components of distributed 

systems. The design of scheduler algorithm has a direct impact on the 

utilization rate of the whole cluster. In distributed systems, the scheduling goes 

through single scheduling, level two scheduling, shared state scheduling, fully 

distributed architecture evolution and hybrid architectures. In the cluster of 

smart contracts, we design a multi-domain and multi-level scheduling. Based 

on the security and trust, we divide the blockchain into different domains. We 

divide the indexes such as cost, performance and security required by users' 

different levels, the same scheduling algorithm can choose different domains 

and different levels to allocate tasks and computing resources, and fine-tuning 

scheduler to predict mission performance and reduce neighbor interference to 

support the users' special needs of computing. 

 

The following scenarios describe different schedules based on different needs 

of users: Consumer A does not have high execution time and data security 

requirements for a task, and the computation time is relatively long. Consumer 

B requires data execution time and the data security is not required high; 

Consumer C's demand for data security is higher, in this case the task execution 

time is longer, the cost for the calculation will be higher. 

8.4 Client Design 

8.4.1 Metadata On-chain 

The client provides two interfaces for meta-data directory on-chain: extract 

metadata directory and updates for the metadata directory. 

 

Metadata directory extraction refers to the metadata directory structure 

description, using technical methods to assist the manual methods to extract 

the metadata directory information from the original data. And the metadata 

directory is divided into the public metadata directory and the complete 

metadata directory (including private information) respectively, into the chain 

of storage. 



 

Seele 

28 

 

 
Fig 8.2 Procedure of uploading meta data to blockchain 

 

Metadata directory update means that when the original data changes, the 

metadata directory needs to be synchronized to maintain the consistency of the 

original data and the metadata directory. The process of the main process is as 

follows: 

 
Fig 8.3 Procedure of updating meta data 

 

1. Listen to the change notification of the original data. 

2. Metadata directory information is extracted from the raw data according 

to the change notification according to the metadata directory standard. 

3. ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) operations according to the metadata 



 

Seele 

29 

 

directory standard. 

4. The generated metadata directory data is recorded as V2 version, storing 

the metadata directory information into the chain. 
5. The upper application enables a new V2 version of the metadata directory, 

gradually replacing the V1 version of the metadata directory. 

8.5 Data Privacy and Confidentiality 

Through intelligent contracts, the data is dispatched to the execution 

environment in the encapsulated sandbox, and the execution environment is 

divided into two types of cases, and is executed on the contract virtual machine 

and on the computing resources outside the chain. 

 

Through the secure multi-computing cryptography algorithm, the multi-party 

data combination computing is completed on the contract virtual machine of 

the intelligent contract cluster without compromising the original data of each 

party, and the business is processed under the premise of ensuring the privacy 

of user data. For scenarios executed on compute resources outside the chain, 

the smart contract controls the delivery and execution of data, encapsulates the 

data in the sandbox to the compute resources, and returns the results to the 

user through the security sandbox. The computing process and the 

environmental information are uploaded in real time for on-site inspection and 

post-audit. 

8.5.1 Attribute Encryption 

Attribute-based encryption [5] is essentially an access authorization and 

authentication service that ensures that non-authorized users are not entitled 

to access specific data. Attribute-based encryption belongs to the public-key 

encryption mechanism. The decryption object it faces is a community rather 

than a single user. It uses the attribute combination of the community as the 

public key of the community. All users send the same public key to the 

community. 

 

Attribute encryption is a kind of public key encryption system, but its biggest 

feature is that the user's private key and ciphertext depend on certain attributes, 

such as the user's identity information. Only when the user's attribute set and 

ciphertext properties match can be properly decrypted. 

 

When implementing the contract computing, the security sandbox decrypts the 

received encrypted data using the private key of the user. During the process 

of generating the private key of the user, we can generate the key according to 



 

Seele 

30 

 

the predetermined user's permission and access rule to implement line-grained 

permissions, time limit, frequency limit, content limit of security access control. 

Attribute base-encrypted function definition: 

1. Parameter initialization: Given the system size m , initialize the parameters, 

and output the public parameters mpk , and the main private key msk : 

( ) ( , )m mpkSetup msk  

2. Key generation: The main private key msk  and attribute assignment A as 

input, calculate output user private key ksk : ( ,A) kKeyGen msk sk  

3. Encryption algorithm: Enter the public parameters mpk  And encryption 

policy Policy, calculate the session key ek  and ciphertext C :

( ,Policy) ( , )Encrypt mpk ek C  

4. Decryption algorithm: Enter the public parameters mpk , user's private key

ksk , Calculated to recover the session key ek :

( , , )     Match(policy,A)=1kDecrypt mpk sk C ek iff  

 

For instance: 

Create a collection of the following property values: 

University name: = {......, "Harvard University", "Stanford University", 

"Tsinghua University", ...}, 

 

Department: = {..., "College of Biology", "College of Chemistry", "School of 

Information", ...}, 

 

Year: = {...,"2013", "2014", "2015", "2016"...}, 

Role: = {..., "Professor Committee," "Academic Committee," "Academic Degrees 

Committee," ...}. 

 

The above security policy can be redefined for any resource (including files, 

storage, network channel, process, etc.) as 

Policy: = (university name ∈ {"Harvard University", "Stanford University"} 

AND year = 2015 AND role = "degree committee" AND department 

{"Biology", "Chemistry"}). 

 

Suppose a user has the following identity attributes: 



 

Seele 

31 

 

A: = {University Name: = "Stanford University", Year: = 2015, Role: = "Degree 

Committee", Department: = "School of Information"}, 

 

This means that the user was at Stanford University 's Information Academy in 

2015 and is a member of the Degree Committee. Obviously, the user's identity 

can pass the above security policy authentication, and therefore, will be 

allowed to access the resources encrypted by the above policy. 

8.5.2 Security Multi-Party Computing 

The theoretical model of secure multi-factoring has been historically proposed 

earlier. In 1982, Dr. Andrew Chi-Chih Yao proposed the problem of Yao's 

millionaire. From 1983 to 1987, Israeli scholar Golderich proposed several 

definitions and improved the concept of secure multi-party computing. 

 

In the scenario of data collaborative computing based on blockchain and 

intelligent contract, multiple participants who need data exchange and 

computation assume that there are N participants, P1 to PN, to complete a 

certain computing task together, and both parties hope to accomplish 

collaborative tasks, but also want to retain ownership and control of the source 

data, only open to each other limited data access. For this typical scenario, we 

use multi-party security computing technology to deal with. Through the 

secure multi-computing cryptography algorithm, the multi-party data 

combination computing is completed on the contract virtual machine of the 

intelligent contract cluster without compromising the original data of each 

party, and the business is processed under the premise of ensuring the privacy 

of user data. 

9 Ecology/Governance/Incentive 

9.1 Developer Ecology 

In order to get a better development, a public blockchain needs to attract 

developers to invest in the platform's ecological construction and application 

development through excellent underlying technologies and a good 

development environment for developers, and to promote the healthy 

development of the community. 

9.1.1 Problems 

Take the development of Ethereum DApp for example, there are several 



 

Seele 

32 

 

questions as below: 

1. There are still a lot of imperfections to overcome in spite of rich 

development tools and framework. In fact, it is very complicated to collect 

materials because of differences on usages of different languages and 

frameworks. 

 

2. The documents are quite a few but messy and without timely update. 

Due to the subsequent version upgrade, many examples in documents has 

been overdue. There are still a lot of problems to solve. 

 

3. There is no perfect cross-platform access solution. Although now it’s 

easier to develop some web applications, many mobile applications don’t 

have multi-terminal access function resulting from imperfect SDK 

support. 

 

4. A perfect guideline still needs to be produced from the beginning for 

the development, testing and deployment of the entire contract, although 

there are various development environments like private blockchain, 

testing blockchain and main blockchain. 

9.1.2 Solutions 

In response to these problems, according to the experience of Unity engine in 

game industry, our group develop a complete contract development tool, 

SeeleEditor, which will be with hte following features: 

1. A complete application development tool chain. It will support the 

development, testing, and deployment of contracts in one 

environment. 

2. Cross-platform SDK support and prompt updates of technical 

documents to improve development efficiency and diversity of 

applications on different platforms. 

3. Build a plug-in store like Unity to provide contract development 

components and sample programs to improve development efficiency. 

Therefore, developers could not only develop specific applications but 

also develop support components for revenues. 

4. IDE with community modules. Any problems related to the 

development can be communicated and promptly resolved on it. 

9.2 Industry Application Ecology 

Blockchain technology at the present stage has already gone beyond the simple 

book function. Seele is an essentially super-distributed cloud computer with 

millions of TPS and a complete storage system so that we can provide richer 



 

Seele 

33 

 

applications in addition to applications about the financial assets transaction, 

token issuance and prediction markets offered by blockchain technology. 

 

1. Social platform. Build a social platform like steemit that can encourage users 

to create more good contents by tokens. A blockchain live platform can be built 

for users to tip anchors directly. The transparency of payment can eliminate 

many problems on the platform like self-consumption and opaque commission. 

 

2. Games on blockchians. The emergence of Ethereum-based CryptKitties has 

offered a new direction for the game industry. A cat on the blockchain, born in 

the chain, grown up on the chain and died in the chain, will be a permanent 

digital asset of its owner and will not disappear due to the closure of game 

publishers. It brings great imagination for games on the blockchains. However, 

a cat can make Ethereum cloggy and increase transaction costs significantly, 

then what will happen if more games appear? Therefore, the industry urgently 

needs a better infrastructure to support the development of games. Seele can 

assume this responsibility. 

 

3. Internet of Things. Blockchain has always been a good solution for the 

Internet of Things because of its superiority in distributed calculation, data 

management, security and transparency. However, due to high power 

consumption and inefficiency of the traditional blockchain, it has not been well 

developed. Seele, based on EDA consensus algorithm, with ultra-low power 

consumption and high concurrency capability, is suitable for this scenario. Our 

hierarchical consensus mechanism also has great advantages for IOTA 

algorithm cannot completely avoid “double spend” and DDOS attacks. 

 

4. Other enterprise applications. Based on our forest-chain structure, it’s easy 

to create an application chain for one specific enterprise application. A variety 

of customized services can be developed on it. Through the NVTP protocol, 

these enterprise applications can also directly make cross-blockchain 

communication and value delivery, thus bring flexibility and convenience to 

enterprise applications. 

9.3 Economic System 

9.3.1 Token 

Our consensus algorithm has a good feature that the more nodes involve in, 

the higher the consensus efficiency is and the shorter the transaction 

confirmation time is. Giving that, we shall encourage more nodes to join in the 

network to improve network performance and its security. 

 



 

Seele 

34 

 

To this end, we introduce a token mechanism. It will be mainly used in two 

aspects: the first is to reward participated nodes with tokens, which is also a 

way of final currency issuance; the second is to charge transaction fees. We 

need to prepare for Sybil attacks by charging fees, because the bandwidth and 

computing resources will be consumed during the transaction. The charged 

fees will be used to reward consensus nodes. 

9.3.2 Incentives 

At present, the mainstream blockchains will give a fixed rewards to block 

nodes as a way of issuing currency. In addition, transaction fees are also used 

as incentives. 

 

There are three main ways to charge transaction fees: 

1. Change mechanism adopted by bitcoin. The change of each transaction is 

used to reward miners 

2. Ethereum's gas mechanism. Calculate the consumption of gas value and 

then make a price for gas value in strict accordance with the calculation and 

storage behind the transaction. The gas value multiplied by the price equals 

the final transaction fees. 

3. EOS exemption from transaction fees. The premise is that the user initiating 

the transaction shall hold certain tokens to enjoy resources in the system. 

The number of tokens determines the amount of resources. 

 

After seeing these transactions, miners will then choose the high transaction 

costs to maximize profits. Therefore, the essence of incentive system is the 

allocation of resources: how to improve the maximum utilization of resources 

under limited resources. For this problem, the traditional mainstream approach 

is essentially the following two simple solutions: 

1. Who has the money will be the one in charge; 

2. Who seizes a seat ahead of schedule be the one in charge; 

In our opinion, the allocation of resources should not be decided in such an 

easy way. The blockchain technology selection and programs shall refer to the 

actual modes of governance in society. Here, our principle is: efficiency and 

fairness. 

 

In terms of incentives, we adopt a hierarchical incentive mechanism based on 

participation and value. It mainly includes the following two aspects: 

1. The participation incentive of transaction consensus 

Because of expansion of consensus, the larger and more stable the nodes are, 

the higher the efficiency and system performance are. Therefore, we need 

encourage more nodes to join in the network and participate in the transaction 

consensus, in order to improve network performance and security. Tokens are 

rewarded to the final deal convergence nodes as a way of token issuance. The 



 

Seele 

35 

 

rewarded tokens will be decreased over time. In addition, nodes can also get 

certain transaction fees as a reward. 

 

Different from the traditional POW mining mode, our consensus algorithm 

does not need strong calculation ability but good network connectivity, and 

through the connection of nodes, we can participate in the transaction 

consensus to get rewards. Therefore, the contribution of our nodes depends on 

performance of bandwidth and network, and bandwidth is more important 

than hashrate. Bandwidth resources are distributed national resources, 

avoiding the concentration of hashrate. Moreover, the lower-level of our 

network has strong penetration ability, which can make a large number of 

intranet nodes participate in the whole transaction consensus to greatly 

increase the size of nodes. 

 

2. Packing block value incentives 

Each time a node generates a block, the system will reward block-delivers with 

certain tokens based on the value of package transaction. Here the system will 

provide corresponding value measurement according to different types of 

transactions. 

 

In this way, we can encourage more valuable transactions to be identified faster 

to improve efficiency of the network. 

 

As for transaction fee, we employ similar charging mode with Ethereum's gas, 

namely by calculating gas costs of the transaction. But the cost of gas will be 

dynamically adjusted according to running status of the system to ensure 

certain fairness. 

 

Through the mechanism above, we hope to give consideration to both 

efficiency and fairness to improve efficiency of the entire system. 

9.3.3 Governance Structure 

In the development of blockchain, for some problems that cannot be solved by 

algorithm, people shall make an agreement on some subjective issues. 

Otherwise, many unpredictable problems will appear in the whole system. A 

few examples are as follows: 

1. The serious disagreement between bitcoin's Core team and miners has 

caused the division of the entire community so that various fork coins 

emerge with the advent of bitcoin. 

2. Bitcoin or Ethereum account will be completely discarded once you forget 

the private key. Therefore, bitcoins below many addresses will always 

lost forever and will not participate in circulation of the entire system. 

3. Fork caused by DAO in the history of Ethereum 



 

Seele 

36 

 

4. Stolen and frozen accidents of Ethereum parity  

 

The current bad solutions to these problems have caused many serious 

consequences, and thus many people have lost confidence in blockchain 

technology. We still need to take some measures to solve such problems, 

according to some solutions in the real world. 

 

In Seele, the governance power stems from the token holders who delegate 

power to the block builder. The block builders are given limited and supervised 

privileges to freeze accounts, update defective applications, and make a change 

to the underlying protocol. 

 

Token holders are generated randomly by our consensus algorithm, which will 

randomly select a group of people from the fastest responding nodes, get the 

final list by weighting heir holding tokens, and update it regularly. These nodes 

will undertake the governance functions within this time frame. Those nodes 

that have good network connectivity and fast response will be more likely to 

be chosen as governance nodes. They combine the advantages of PoS and PoW, 

and take nodes’ participation into consideration, which reflect fairness and will 

avoid collusion attacks. 

The block builder election is a part of Seele. The blockchain can only be changed 

upon the approval of block builders. Block builders can be voted down if they 

refuse to make expected changes. If block builders make some changes to 

blockchains without permission of the token holder, all other non-productive 

full-node verifiers (switches, etc.) will refuse to change. In this way, a certain 

issue can be solved by voting on it. 

10 Core Team 

Dr. Bi Wei, chief scientist 

Master of Science in Computer Science, Oxford University 

Deputy Secretary General, China Blockchain Technology Innovation and 

Application Alliance 

Has 8 blockchain related technology patents 

Former London University postdoctoral, fellow, graduate doctoral tutor. He is 

good at data analysis, image processing and visual science. He is invited to 

attend many large international academic conferences. He has many national 

invention patents and his achievements have been published in the top 

academic periodicals such as the New England Journal of Medicine. His articles 

and opinions have been collected by the BBC, London Chinese Radio, Complex 

UK and other media reports. 

 



 

Seele 

37 

 

Dr. Gong Hui, digital cryptocurrency expert 

Ph.D. in UCL Financial Mathematics  

UCL block chain technology research center researcher 

Sino-British blockchain Association founder 

Yuen Long Financial Information Services (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. CEO 

 

Dr. Maolin Zheng, Disease early warning risk control algorithm 

Distinguished Specialist, Beijing, China 

Postdoctoral NSERC, Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council, 

Government of Canada 

Postdoctoral fellow at Montreal Business School (HEC) 

Former chief scientist and CTO at Beijing Guozheng Tong Technology Co., 

Former chief scientist and CTO at creditease company. 

 

Dr. Nick Smith, medical data analyst 

Distributed Computing, Cloud Computing, Grid Computing Engineers 

Postdoctoral University of London, doctoral tutor 

Years of experience in distributed systems and cloud computing 

Good at distributed network architecture design, performance testing, and has 

many years of data analysis, data modeling, image processing and data 

conversion experience 

Incumbent UK Moorfields Eye Hospital honorary researcher 

 

Dr. Fiona Glen, Senior health data analyst 

Postdoctoral at city university of London, researcher 

Honorary researcher of the Moorfields ophthalmology hospital, UK 

Good at quantitative analysis and Simulation of patient's real world medical 

data 

Involved in the design and implementation of some Large research projects for 

British national medical service systems. 

 

Liu Wensi, Big data platform architect 

Master, Peking University 

14 years of core technology development experience 

Senior Software Development Manager/Senior Software Engineer, Microsoft 

Cloud computing research and development engineers, Sina 

Search engines architect, China Mobile Feixin 

Chief engineer, Blockchain project in China Longbang wisdom port 

 

Zheng Junjie, block chain based platform architect 

17 years of core technology development experience and team manager 



 

Seele 

38 

 

Technical expert in experts’group, Tencent 

Leading R & D Tencent mobile QQmusic, QQ reading, Qzone hundreds of 

millions of users such as APP 

Led R & D Tencent QQ Sword, Legend of Swordsman OL and other 

phenomenon-level mobile games; dominated Gordon information mobile 

phone streaming media, video surveillance system development; member of 

Avanquest CDC China R&D center founding team; has a number of 

independent development and design of invention patents 

 

Hong Zhixiong Blockchain experts 

Master, Peking University 

More than 10 years of Internet product development experience 

Engaged in distributed networks, cloud computing, games and other areas of 

product development 

Tencent former senior R & D engineer 

Well-known hand-travel fishing up to 3 main programmers 

Three years of continuous entrepreneurial experience, delivered several 

blockchain related products 

 

Qiao Zhigang network and distributed system experts 

Master of Information Science, Peking University 

Over 15 years experience in R & D of Internet based core modules 

P2p network, search technology, distributed systems have in-depth study. 

Beijing East Jiahe Cultural Development Co., Ltd. Infrastructure Director 

Shanghai Di Alliance Information Technology Co., Ltd. Product Operations 

Center, deputy general manager 

Beijing Guangsheng Mastery Network Technology Co., Ltd. Technical Director 

 

Zhou Lei Hao big data platform architect 

Northeastern University Bachelor 

Baidu senior R & D engineer Baidu takeaway big data platform leader 

Years of experience in distributed system development architecture 

Good at big data infrastructure, distributed offline computing and real-time 

computing, distributed storage and other fields 

 

Ma Yongxing,  Smart contract platform architect 

Master, Beihang University 



 

Seele 

39 

 

11 years of core technology development experience 

Architect, Beijing Datong Block Chain Technology Institute Technical Project 

leader, Beihang Software Development Environment State Key Laboratory  

Senior test development engineer, Baidu 

 

Qiu Bo, Platform senior engineer 

Master, Beihang University 

8 years of core technology development experience 

Big data platform computing framework designer, Microsoft 

Big data platform service layer development senior software engineer, 

Microsoft 

Senior Software Engineer, CA Technologies 

 

Duan Wei, Senior engineer, consensus algorithm 

Bachelor, Jilin University 

Dangdang R&D engineers 

Senior engineer, Baidu 

Gong Liaoan, Senior engineer, consensus algorithm 

Master, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications 

Senior engineers, Baidu 

 

Jia Zhiwei, Senior engineer, blockchain platform  

Bachelor, Beijing Institute of Technology 

Software engineer, Dangdang  

Senior Software Engineer, Microsoft Bigdata team 



 

Seele 

40 

 

11 Roadmap 

 



 

Seele 

41 

 

 

12 Postscript Note 

This white paper is a partial overview of the key technologies and ecosystems 

covered by Seele. The development and progress of technology are endless, 

new forms of application are also emerging. The white paper of Seele will be 

continuously updated as technology advances and applications expand. In line 

with the ambitious goal of innovating new era of Value Internet, Seele 

welcomes the participation of developers and service providers in the world to 

join the ecosystem and build a new ecosystem of innovation, development and 

win-win cooperation. 

13 References 

1. Vitalik Buterin, Ethereum: A Next-Generation Smart Contract and 

Decentralized Application Platform, 2013, 

http://ethereum.org/ethereum.html 

2. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_contract 

3. Oded Goldreich and A Warning, Secure multi-party computation, 1998 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_contract


 

Seele 

42 

 

4. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byzantine_fault_tolerance 

5. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attribute-based_encryption 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attribute-based_encryption

