











































THE WHITEPAPER

PUBLISHED 12.13.17
V1.8

INTELLIGENT. DECENTRALIZED. SECURE. 



CONTENTS

I. INTRODUCTION
• Abstract
• Overview
• How it Works Now
• Problems
• Our Vision

II. ECOSYSTEM
• Technology
• The SHIP Token
• Example User Stories

III. BUSINESS PLAN
• Team
• Partners
• Funding & Budget
• Revenue Model
• Roadmap
• Future Developments

 



PAGE 3

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

ABSTRACT

PAGE 3

Consider the magnitude of the logistics industry. Looking back through history, the wheel is essentially 
the cornerstone of modern civilization. It brought us transportation, and transportation afforded us the 
systematic transfer of goods. From farm to market, and from market to table, the movement of products 
in bulk has been the single most important adaptation of the last 10,000 years. 

Trade, in turn, is our second oldest and most important pivot. From long-distance trading, our econo-
mies were established, which allowed modern civilizations to thrive. The oldest coin-based currency can 
be thought of as a proxy for trading values greater than two hands can carry, or for trading commodities 
that aren’t physically available nearby, and so currency itself necessitates logistics. Together, trade and 
logistics form the backbone of human achievement.

Despite the revolution brought on by the advent of the cart, the ship, the engine, and the airplane, the 
shipping industry as a whole has been one of the slowest markets to adapt and evolve over the past 
century. The Information Age has disrupted nearly every major workforce on the planet. Globalization 
has opened new trade routes, technology has changed the way we shop and spend, and so naturally, 
the demand for shipping has reached an all-time high. It’s no wonder that most shipping customers are 
shocked and dismayed to find their brokers still relying on artifacts like paper records, written manifests, 
and spoken words to get cargo from point to point. It’s time for a breakthrough in how we handle freight.

Blockchain technology is often characterized as “disruptive” because it can revolutionize the way we 
interact as a society. Distributed ledgers are disruptive for ancient business models in the same way 
email disrupted the mailbox. Applied correctly, a blockchain will facilitate the digitization of record-
keeping processes related to the trade of assets, even in scenarios when intermediaries and brokers are 
incentivized to resist revolution. The blockchain can improve the transportation of commodities in every 
country, across the entire globe, and beyond. We’re launching ShipChain to make that leap possible.

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN



PAGE 4

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

The movement of goods impacts daily life for 
people around the world at a staggering scale. 
For additional perspective, here are some stats:

• The market’s global value was $8.1 trillion in 
2015, and is expected to grow to $15.5 tril-
lion by 2023 (1), making it one of the largest 
industries on the planet. 

• 55 billion tons of freight was transported in 
2015, with expected growth to 92 billion 
tons by 2024.

• In the United States, freight and logistics 
spend in 2015 totaled $1.48 trillion, nearly 
10% of the country’s GDP (2).

Unfortunately, the supply chain has major 
bottlenecks. The lack of a unified communica-
tion platform prevents the various players from 
interacting efficiently. Most land transportation 
providers, carriers, governments, customs bro-
kers, and freight forwarders have outdated ways 
of keeping track of their goods. According to 

KPMG, 40% of global manufacturers lack infor-
mation and material visibility across their supply 
bases (3). In some cases, companies are still us-
ing paper ledgers to track their products. Given 
that upwards of 65% of the value of a company’s 
products or services is derived from its suppliers 
and its supply chain (4), utilizing  older highly in-
effective systems results in tremendous amounts 
of wasted time, resources, and money.

But as freight volume increases, so do custom-
er expectations. Both industrial and individual 
customers expect faster shipments with more 
flexibility, more transparency, and lower prices. 
Shippers can find it challenging to handle all the 
complexities of booking, tracking, tracing, and 
regulatory compliance, unless they hire teams 
of full-time, experienced staff. This puts smaller 
shippers at a disadvantage, and makes larger 
shippers extremely inefficient.

OVERVIEW



PAGE 5

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

HOW IT WORKS TODAY
The process of shipping freight can occur across many 
channels, including air, sea, rail, or truck. Four major en-
tities make up the lifecycle of any shipment, regardless 
of the channel being used.

Shippers are the customers of the logistics services; they 
are the actors who have freight and need it transported.
• Shippers don’t want to coordinate multiple drivers
• They don’t want logistics headaches
• They want a predictable price
• Shippers want freight accountability

Brokers coordinate carriers to organize multimodal 
orders
• Brokers act as the gatekeepers of the industry
• They choose combinations of reputable carriers
• They get payment from shippers and insure goods
• They often provide some basic tracking services
• Brokers charge a high middle-man markup

Carriers provide freight transportation services
• Carriers may be rail, air, sea, truck, or other
• Most carriers only handle one segment of a trip
• Usually, a multi-leg trip involves several carriers
• A carrier usually owns a fleet of delivery vehicles
• Carriers often have poor transparency and records

Drivers are the operators of a single vehicle in a fleet
• Some are “owner-operators” acting also as Carriers
• Sometimes handoffs lack accountability
• Tracking fleets of drivers can be hard
• Drivers don’t have incentives to save gas
• Drivers can lose or damage goods



PAGE 6

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

1. Bad Tracking. For end-users, the regularity 
and reliability of shipping status updates is the 
primary factor in the perceived quality of a ship-
ping experience. If a package is slow or late, but 
has regular updates, customers are less likely to 
complain or file chargebacks against merchants. 
But the shipping industry has not kept up. Track-
ing across multiple carriers is extremely fractured, 
and tracking provisions vary between modes of 
transportation. Tracking problems lead to con-
fusion among carriers, failed handoffs, failed de-
liveries, and even lost shipments. Economically, 
this is a disaster. Lost efficiency, wasted fuel and 
time, and missing products combine to cost the 
shipping industry billions of dollars per year--
costs that brokers rarely cover and are ultimately 
passed on to shippers.

2. Lack of Transparency. Bad tracking is both 
the cause-of and caused-by equally harmful gaps 
in transparency. While tracking issues are system-
ic and inherent to the task of moving goods, the 
failures of transparency are largely due to bad 
data handling practices (or worse, due to parties 
being incentivized not to share accurate data). 
Often, due to  fragmentation, uncertainty, or to 
protect the exclusivity of their arrangements, bro-
kers can’t or won’t tell a shipper exactly what car-
rier and driver are carrying their freight.

3. No Accountability. The US Federal Bureau of 
Investigations estimates annual cargo theft loss-
es exceeding $30 billion USD in 2016 and rising, 
with an average theft value of $190,000 (5). Car-
go theft raises prices across the industry approx-
imately 20%, negatively impacting all customers 
of the shipping industry–nearly every person on 
earth. The combination of tracking and transpar-
ency failures together lead to a lack of account-

ability. As brokers withhold information on who is 
moving which cargo and fragmentation amongst 
carriers causes uncertainty about where the car-
go actually is at any given time, shippers often 
have no way of knowing who is responsible for 
the cargo. Handoffs are one of the largest sourc-
es of error in freight, with neither side wanting 
to take responsibility for a container that didn’t 
make it from the ship to a truck.

4. Middleman Markup. Brokers and forwarders 
are largely to blame for all of the above issues, 
acting as gatekeepers to the industry and incen-
tivizing poor transparency and tracking practices, 
and yet they typically charge a significant premi-
um–sometimes 30-50%–for their claim of mak-
ing freight easier to manage and ship. In reality, 
they are high maintenance, increasing the cost 
of freight and decreasing what carriers get paid.

5. Misaligned Incentives. The above issues 
can be summarized simply as a problem of mis-
aligned incentives. It behooves carriers to provide 
poor tracking because they gain deniability in the 
case of lost or damaged freight. There’s nega-
tive incentive for brokers to be honest about the 
whereabouts or handlers of a shipment because 
they need to protect their exclusive relationships 
and always be able to shift the blame. Drivers are 
incentivized to carry using unsafe practices that 
may risk damage to goods. Everyone gains from 
dishonesty to the next party and to break laws 
or safety regulations. Shippers and customers are 
thus incentivized to find a better solution.

PROBLEMS



PAGE 7

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

OUR VISION
ShipChain was founded with the mission of solving the greatest problems facing the logistics industry 
today. Our solution requires deep technology, but our vision is quite simple. Imagine a fully integrated 
system across the entire supply chain--from the moment it leaves the factory, field, or farm--to deliv-
ering the finished product to the customer’s doorstep; federated in trustless, transparent blockchain 
contracts. This is ShipChain, the future of shipping.

Tracking & Transparency
We will unify shipment tracking across the Ethereum blockchain, using our ShipChain side-chain to track 
individual encrypted geographic waypoints across each smart contract. With this system, the meaning of 
each waypoint will be encrypted, accessible for interpretation by only the parties involved. This will give 
shippers more visibility across their supply chain and allow carriers to communicate with ease, reducing 
delays and miscommunications. Information about loads, geo-waypoints, and basic compliance infor-
mation will be recorded and publicly validated within the sidechain. Upon delivery and confirmation, 
the contract will be completed and recorded on the main blockchain, releasing any payment escrows.

With the upcoming Electronic Log Device (ELD) mandate from the United States Department of Trans-
portation (6), ShipChain will work with the most popular ELD developers to integrate directly and march 
toward our first goal: completion of Track & Trace technology. The initial step of working with these 
providers will allow us to integrate immediately into the largest network of US-based trucking freight 
companies, giving our platform a full network of freight movement without the arduous requirement 
of connecting to individual freight companies (or even individual Owner-operator trucks) one at a time. 



PAGE 8

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

Similarly, there is an opportunity for us to integrate with the major US railroads, global ocean freight 
providers, and major airlines, one-by-one, to tie in and create our multimodal blockchain-based track-
ing system. The internal tracking of each carrier will be the first step in unification, with their internal 
confirmations being fed to the blockchain. Individual pallets or crates will be tied to the address of the 
container they are on, and containers will be tracked as a whole. Over time, business development will 
assist these carriers with the replacement of their base internal tracking with the ShipChain system, al-
lowing a greater level of visibility across all of their multimodal shipping partners.

Decentralized Brokerage
In the current system, freight brokers exist to facilitate the transactions of loads from shippers to carriers; 
they are typically asset-light and focused on sales. Brokers find loads, mark them up, and sell them to 
a carrier, which increases the cost of shipping and reduces profits for carriers and their crew. The Ship-
Chain blockchain will supplant the need for brokers by allowing carriers the ability to find shipments and 
intelligently route their team for multimodal transportation based on factors such as distance, traffic, 
weather conditions, fuel use and more. This load system will generate a smart contract upon pick-up 
and will hold payments in escrow until conditions for release are met while using the main blockchain 
and side-chain for tracking and cargo security monitoring.

Asset Security
Deploying blockchain technology into the freight industry to encode geographic data will increase car-
go visibility, and thereby dramatically decrease theft. By using barcodes or hardware RFID integration, 
assets can be automatically verified each time electronic logs are reported, increasing security and pro-
viding peace-of-mind for all parties. Permissioning, immutability, and encryption are inherent benefits 
of blockchain technology, allowing select individuals to access, examine, and add critical transport data, 
but no one will have the ability to change or delete existing data. By bringing accountability to every 
step of the process, the blame game between carriers, brokers and shippers is mitigated.

Trustless Incentives
By encoding and encrypting waypoint information and data about which loads belong in a shipment, 
digital escrows can be used to fairly assess whether goods actually arrived in a particular shipment. Con-
flicting accounts of the whereabouts of goods are eliminated, and individual players can be rewarded 
for their participation in a system that operates without trusting any particular party’s story about what 
happened. In future iterations of the platform, we plan to provide driver rewards for obeying speed 
limits, behaving safely, and observing green fuel economy practices.

Unified Management
Subsequent to the implementation of blockchain federation of the fair and secure transportation of 
goods, ShipChain will build a unified management platform for leveraging the smart contracts to pro-
vide modern and usable services across the shipping industry. ShipChain is dedicated to building to 
an open ecosystem, and although ShipChain Web will be the first application, our Smart Contracts will 
be a building-block that thousands of other platforms can freely build upon to solve shipping issues, 
big or small. The decentralized brokerage will be an open marketplace connecting shippers to carriers, 
and ShipChain will provide the first app for cargo booking; shippers will be able to log on and place an 



PAGE 9

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

order from “Point A” to “Point B” using suggested routing and shipping methods based on cost, time 
in transit, and contents.



PAGE 10

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

TECHNOLOGY
Contracts & Side-Chains
The ShipChain Contract is an Ethereum EVM smart contract that can be duplicated and used by anyone 
to orchestrate a shipping escrow on the distributed ledger. The overall shipment completion will be 
stored on the main Ethereum blockchain, and to keep costs low, individual tracking waypoints and load 
data can be stored and verified in an associated side-chain operating on the ShipChain Protocol (fork of 
Ethereum software), such as the one ShipChain Foundation will implement and maintain called “Ship-
Chain Prime.” Large partners will be able to operate their own ShipChain Protocol side-chains, with (or 
without) aid from ShipChain Foundation.

When a shipment order is placed, a smart contract will be initiated. That contract will include a hash sum 
signature of the delivery information for the shipment, including beginning address, final delivery point, 
carriers used, number of items in shipment (as granular as preferred with an address for each item being 
possible), weight, dimensions, quantities, HS codes, intermediary data, and more. Anyone with a valid 
copy of these values can verify the signature and assert the validity of the contract on the main Ethere-
um blockchain. The data itself can optionally be encrypted and stored in a sidechain for more specific 
point-by-point and piecewise package tracking. In result, this essentially provides a more detailed Bill 
of Lading. 

That contract will be completed on delivery, with validations and waypoints recorded to the blockchain 
along the way. If all waypoint validations are affirmed, the contract will be executed (and each contract 
will be able to specify its own terms for how any disputes will be resolved, including third party arbitra-
tion). The full cargo validation system will be in place alongside the tracking system. Carrier partners will 
be able to pull data from the ShipChain tracking system and post to their systems and websites for wide 
use, creating a unified tracking system that eliminates the need for internal P.R.O. numbers or multiple 
tracking numbers.

ShipChain Web
The decentralized brokerage system will be comprised primarily of an open marketplace connecting 
shippers and carriers. ShipChain will allow open access to its blockchain marketplace, but also build the 
first platform of services upon it, ShipChain Web Platform, a centralized system for booking and man-
aging freight shipments across many carriers and modes of transportation.

If for example, the shipper has five full shipping containers of shoes coming from China to the United 
States, the system will recognize that a sea carrier, rail carrier, and final truck carrier will be the best op-
timization for cost and speed based on the size and type of shipment. The shipper will then be able to 
see the capacity on each leg, book their own routes, see estimated delivery times, and have full control 
over their supply chain without the need for a broker. 

Carriers will be able to post capacity for their shipping vehicles and lanes, dynamically set pricing based 
on supply/demand, adjust for estimated fuel cost, and have cargo booked to their routes automatically. 



PAGE 11

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

Customs brokers, if needed, will also be granted account rights to assist with paperwork filing. With all 
necessary information held in a smart contract, this process will be quicker and easier than ever before. 
Regulatory compliance may require ShipChain to be licensed in freight brokerage, freight forwarding, 
and have an internal customs brokerage.  While shippers will book their own routes, ShipChain may 
need to be the official booking agent for freight, for compliance purposes.

Our target rollout date for the first version of the ShipChain Web Platform unified tracking system is Q3 2018. 
Maintenance and continued carrier integrations will be an ongoing process for the tracking system.



PAGE 12

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

THE SHIP TOKEN

Usage, Purpose, Supply and Demand
Ownership of at least 1 full SHIP token grants “ShipChain Membership Status.” This is required to access 
the blockchain for both the purpose of tracking shipments, as well as the purpose of booking freight. 

Transactions on the blockchain for freight shipments will be paid in tokens, and settled in tokens. The 
ShipChain Web platform connecting to the blockchain will allow users to pay either directly in tokens 
they hold, or purchase tokens from ShipChain for booking freight (allowing, for example, USD, EUR or 
cryptocurrency payment). ShipChain will work to enter into listing agreements with exchanges to allow 
for ease of liquidity and settlement of SHIP tokens into other currencies.

Tokens valued at up to 20% of each freight transaction will be given to the driver/carrier as “gamified” 
incentives for safe and timely deliveries, as well as environment focused such as reduced idle time. From 
there, drivers will either be able to sell their tokens on exchanges, or redeem those tokens via partner-
ships ShipChain will form for various rewards, such as gift cards, fuel discounts, and more.

Initial Token Generation Event
The problems ShipChain will tackle are systemic to a multi-trillion dollar industry, one historically slow 
moving and resistant to change. We have plans for delivering our offering on our current funding, but 
bringing our full vision to life is a huge endeavor and would be best served by opening ourselves to 
outside funding. Therefore we are running a Token Generation Event or “TGE” to sell an initial supply 
of our tokens in order to jumpstart the ShipChain economy and supplement funding to help us deliver 
the best product possible.

This ‘TGE’ will occur in multiple phases, including Pre-Sale, Sale 1, and Sale 2.  Pre-Sale and Sale 1 will 
occur immediately, ending after January 2018.  Sale 2 will occur upon the completion of several mile-
stones, including the live use of our web platform, version 1.0 of our full tracking system, and generation 
of live revenues with real client shipments.  We anticipate Sale 2 will occur between 1-2 years after Sale 
1.



PAGE 13

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

Pre-Sale SALE 1 SALE 2

Who? Private Public Public

When? November 2017 January 2018 Upon milestone 
completion

How   Many? Up to 75 million SHIP 29.17 million SHIP 120.83 million SHIP

Raise   Amount (USD) Up to $20 million Approximately $10 
million USD in ETH

As determined by 
auction/market price 

at time

Per-participant   Limits $25,000 up to  $5 million $10 up to $1 million $10 up to $1 million

Anyone interested in participating in our crowdsale must undergo typical screening processes to comply with KYC/AML 
“Know Your Customer” and “Anti-Money-Laundering” regulations.



PAGE 14

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

Good Driver Initiatives
ShipChain is committed to making the world a better place and protecting the environment from the 
harmful effects of greenhouse gas emissions. Our plan includes a retainer of 13% of the total supply of 
tokens to be distributed over 5 or more years as incentives for ecologically responsible driving at safe 
speeds. By offering these rewards, we ensure that the safe and timely delivery of goods is the top pri-
ority for everyone.



PAGE 15

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

EXAMPLE USER STORIES
In order to illustrate some cases where ShipChain might be most useful, we’ve invented a few fictional 
stories about made-up companies – based on real problems faced by thousands of similar businesses 
across the world. Any similarities to actual brands and trademarks are either innocent coincidences or 
systemic commonalities

The Major Food Production Company
Chik-A-Burg Meats is facing increasing regulatory burden from the USDA and FDA with harsh fines and 
penalties for non-compliance, requiring end-to-end tracking of anything that touches the food supply. 
New rules in the Food Safety Modernization Act say that livestock feed must be traced from farm to 
trough, food products must be tracked throughout the supply chain, and all transport trailers need 
audit logs of their prior loads and cleaning histories. Larger third-party freight companies are hesitant 
to comply, which forces Chik-A-Burg to hire mostly independent drivers who feel overburdened by this 
new litany of checks and measures.

Enter ShipChain: a novel blockchain solution that allows Chik-A-Burg to instantly find and connect with 
drivers and carriers who meet their regulatory needs. The loads previously carried in their trucks can 
be verified as not hazardous waste, medical equipment, nor other non-compliant materials – without 
revealing sensitive information about previous clients – validating that the loads would comply with 
food supply chain safety mandates. Using the ShipChain Prime side-chain for granular tracking, RFID 
and barcodes can be combined with ELD integrations allowing full traceability and visibility of supply, 
literally from farm to table. Retailers, carriers, and customers alike can all validate the source farm, lot 
number, distribution center, port information, and even individual trailer on a burger-by-burger basis. If 
a closer audit is needed, regulatory authorities can be provided a set of private encryption keys allowing 
them access to the full history of a given trailer’s loads and hauls.

The eCommerce Retailer
AmazingSocks.club needs to ship a container of fleece footwear from the supplier in China to their 
warehouse in Chicago, but they won’t use a broker because of bad experiences with dishonest inter-
mediaries charging 50% fees just to lose their shipments. Instead, they have hired Steve, full-time (plus 
nights and weekends) staff member whose only job is to research carriers and plan the logistics of mov-
ing socks around the globe. Steve is a highly skilled logistics professional, but due to the time involved 
in planning ships across the ocean, consulting with customs at the port, and negotiating with indepen-
dent owner-operators, his role is now the bottleneck preventing AmazingSocks from scaling up to meet 
the Christmas rush and have a record Q4. Now management needs to hire a second Steve, which will 
push logistics to over 12% of sock company’s payroll.

ShipChain can help. Using ShipChain Web, Steve can fill the role of a mega shipping broker, using our 
advanced interface to search and filter compatible sea freight, customs agents, and schedule handoffs 
between multiple drivers. He can quickly find and match any combination of drivers and freighters to 
meet his needs based on pricing, speed or freight class – or he can request bids from operators not on 



PAGE 16

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

the marketplace. Once Steve is satisfied with all the data available on the website in front of him, he 
clicks “Create Contract And Pay”, charging the company credit card and placing the full manifest on the 
blockchain. Now one Steve can do the job of four, moving more socks faster and eating dinner with his 
family instead of waiting on hold.

The Freelance Freight Broker
A co-op of a dozen owner-operators in the southeast has grouped together to handle booking and 
coordination of freight amongst themselves, eschewing carrier. After several years of informally calling 
one another to ask about availability and scheduling, a broken leg accident took Alice off the road, and 
she began organizing handoffs from a hotel room in Atlanta. Having her as a broker was quickly decided 
to be a crucial improvement to their partnership.
 
Today, Alice uses ShipChain to manage her associates’ hauls. She can oversee all the drivers in her co-
op, match new work to the best available drivers, and she always has access to compliance and regula-
tory paperwork whenever necessary. Everybody knows where they’re going and what they are hauling. 
If there’s a problem with a driver, or they need to schedule time off, Alice can find supplemental trusted 
drivers in the ShipChain marketplace to fill in the gaps or take over a route. Even better, Alice is now 
able to identify problems in the team by insights into historical data, and can help encourage everyone 
to drive safer and slower, not only to extend their lifespan but also to maximize profitability from the 
ShipChain Safe Driving Rewards.

The Clever Mega-Broker
Box2U is one of the leading European shipping brokers, they deal with hundreds of carriers that man-
age thousands of drivers, delivering millions of containers (worth billions of dollars) each year. Aware 
of shrinking margins, obligations to customers demanding faster and cheaper deliveries, and the prob-
lems inherent with the tracking systems used by many of their partners, Box2U began development on 
an advanced Web 2.0 platform for shippers to keep better track of their assets. The bad news? They 
started building it 4 years ago, and today the system is only barely ready to use. Drivers and carriers 
aren’t voluntarily submitting accurate data, and the whole project seems like a dead end and sunk cost.

Box2U knows it is not a software company. After sinking millions of dollars into a problem that is rap-
idly proving to be out-of-scope for their business model, management notices a use-case just like this 
described on the ShipChain website. The ShipChain API is a fast, cheap and secure ledger for storing 
all their shipment data, plus trustless escrow contracts and ELD integrations – it’s everything Box2U has 
been trying to build and more. Since the whole system is built using blockchain technology in a free 
and open manner, even a competitor like Box2U is able leverage ShipChain technologies to power their 
own branded interface for managing freight.



PAGE 17

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

PAGE 17

John Monarch - Chief Executive Officer
John is the founder and CEO of Direct Outbound, one of the fastest growing 
fulfillment/3PL companies in the country, and one of the largest in the Southeast 
United States. He is intimately familiar with the logistics industry in all aspects, 
from postal logistics and parcel private carriers to air, sea, and intermodal land 
freight.

TEAM

Sam Rusani - Chief Revenue Officer
As a serial entrepreneur, blockchain advocate/investor, and talent manager, Sam has 
worked with some of the biggest brands in the world, such as Sony, Fender, Virgin, 
Universal Music, Ogilvy, Heineken, VISA, and Mercedes. He has also advised interna-
tional companies and negotiated trade deals on their behalf. 

Lee Bailey - Chief Technical Officer
Full-stack developer, blockchain consultant and entrepreneur for 11 years. Lee has 
experience architecting, securing and deploying distributed processing systems, in-
cluding analytics toolsets for high budget advertising agencies, smart contracts for a 
variety of decentralized applications, and a high speed cryptocurrency trading plat-
form.

Brian D. Evans - Chief Marketing Officer
Brian is an Inc. 500 Entrepreneur, the founder of the 25th fastest growing advertis-
ing and marketing agency in America, and the founder of Influencive.com. Brian has 
spent over 15 years in online advertising and directly helped multiple top-10 apps 
acquire millions of users. He was ranked as one of the top influencers in the world on 
Forbes, and as the 4th most influential business journalist in the world with columns 
on Inc, Huffington Post, Influencive, and Forbes, which are read by millions monthly.

Roger Crook - Chief Strategy Officer
Roger is the former CEO, and Global Head of Sales and e-Commerce at DHL Global 
Forwarding. He is an entrepreneur, disruptor and independent strategist in FinTech, 
LogisticsTech, and Logistics including blockchain/cryptocurrencies. He was employed 
in the Deutsche Post DHL Group since 1988 and has successfully worked in North 
and South America, Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia. Roger was the innovator 
behind many important customers and business units at DHL. He is also currently the 
CEO of Capital Springboard.



PAGE 18

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

Magnus Dufwa - Lead Developer, EU
Magnus is a senior C#, SQL and Solidity developer with over 18 years experience 
developing enterprise projects. He has built and managed financial processing 
systems that handle more than 4 million transactions per year and developed 
smart contracts for ad auction projects and ICOs.

Clinton Senkow - VP of Partnerships
Clinton is the co-founder & COO of Influencive, a media outlet that attracts mil-
lions of readers every month. He’s held top roles in partnerships, sales, and mar-
keting at various funded startups where he worked with private, public, and For-
tune 100 companies. He is also a former financial advisor and a two-time member 
of the G20 Young Entrepreneurs Alliance, representing Canada.

Julian Zegelman - Legal Counsel
Julian is a corporate attorney and a SuperLawyers® award recipient. He co-found-
ed Rolith, Inc., and is currently a Managing Partner at Velton Zegelman PC, a bou-
tique corporate and securities law firm with worldwide offices. Julian’s practice 
focuses on corporate law, securities, VC, and cryptocurrency law. He counsels 
numerous high-profile token sales and is also a co-founder of BitFin Capital, a 
blockchain focused VC fund.

Dallas Meier- VP of Operations
Dallas comes from the marketing and advertising world, where she handled dig-
ital marketing for Skechers, and operations for the Los Angeles based agency 
Modus Operandi.

Cherie Aimée - VP of Community Management
Cherie is a social media strategy advisor, entrepreneur, and former tech CEO. She 
has over 15 years experience in digital marketing as a lead developer and project 
manager for startups. She has built and managed projects for some of the biggest 
brands in the world such as Unilever, Mars, and Heineken. Cherie currently sits on 
the Executive Advisory Council for the Board of Directors, Columbia University 
Medical Center. She is also VIP Partner to Influencive and Contributor to Thrive 
Global.



PAGE 19

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

PAGE 19

ADVISORS

Chris Perdue
Chris is a 4th generation family owner and spokesperson for Perdue Farms, and 
the Director of Inventory Management at Perdue Agribusiness. Perdue Agribusi-
ness ranks among the top grain companies in the United States, with annual sales 
in excess of $6 billion. Chris has funded and advised a variety of startups, and 
spent nearly a decade in the Advertising and Marketing industries.

Kevin Harrington
Kevin is the inventor of the infomercial, original Shark on Shark Tank, and pio-
neer of the ‘As Seen On TV’ industry. He has launched over 500 products, result-
ing in more than $5 Billion in sales worldwide with iconic brands. Kevin is also a 
co-founder of EO (Entrepreneurs Organization), and currently operates a private 
consulting firm where he helps companies increase distribution, analyze oppor-
tunities, build celebrity relationships, and effectively market across all channels.

Al Pettenato
Al is a change-minded leader with proven success in driving best practices across 
all areas of the supply chain. He has been the Vice President of XPO Logistics 
since 2012. Al previously served as the Senior Vice President of North America for 
DHL, and was also the Co-founder and Vice President of AMP Global Services. He 
has over 20 years of diverse management experience.

To modernize one of the largest industries on the planet, we have recruited a hands-on advisory board 
who will actively contribute their expertise along with our core team members.

Steve Schoch
Steve is a proven finance and operations leader for major corporations. He for-
merly served as the concurrent CEO and CFO of Miramax Films for five years, 
through January 2017. Prior to joining Miramax, he served as the Corporate Con-
troller and divisional CFO at Amgen, Inc., the world’s largest biotech company, 
where he drove revenue from $4bn to over $15bn. Steve also previously served 
as CFO of eToys, Inc., leading the company to a successful IPO.



PAGE 20

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

Derin Cag
Derin is the founder of Richtopia and has attracted a notable audience including 
names like Richard Branson and Guy Kawasaki. He is a guest lecturer at INSEEC 
Group / University of Monaco and an advisor to many blockchain technology 
startups including Humaniq.

Bryan Larkin, 
Bryan is a results-driven professional with extensive experience in both Systems 
and Network Security, Intrusion Detection, DDoS and Active Threat Response 
Mitigation. He is the Co-Founder of Faction One, a “Cyber Bodyguard” service 
for VIP’s and individuals that are considered “Digital High Value Targets.”

David Andre
David is a scientist, inventor, and entrepreneur whose work emphasizes the role 
of machine learning. He co-founded Cerebellum Capital, Inc., where he serves as 
CEO and CTO. David also advises early-stage companies, especially with respect 
to artificial intelligence. He has a B.S. in Symbolic Systems from Stanford Univer-
sity, and a Ph.D. in EECS with a focus on Artificial Intelligence from U.C. Berkeley.

Brandon T. Adams
Brandon is a motivational speaker and serial entrepreneur, owning a stake in a 
number of businesses. He is Co-Host and one of two Executive Producers of Am-
bitious Adventures, recently nominated for an Emmy Award. Brandon is the V.P. of 
Business Development and an Associate Producer for Think and Grow Rich: The 
Movie. Brandon is a crowdfunding, branding, PR, and digital marketing expert.

David McCarville
David is an attorney with prior professional experience managing multi-modal 
international shipments of nuclear material and sensitive cargo, such as planning 
transportation and disposal of nuclear waste for the U.S. Department of Energy’s 
Yucca Mountain Project. He has worked in the logistics and transportation Indus-
try in Washington, D.C., Nevada, and Arizona.



PAGE 21

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

PAGE 21

Joel Comm
Joel is an Internet pioneer,  New York Times best-selling  author,  professional  key-
note speaker,  social  media  marketing  strategist, technologist,  brand  influencer,  
and  futurist. He  has  more  than  two  decades  of  experience  harnessing  the  power 
of  the  web. Joel’s fascination with cryptocurrency led him to create a top 100 
business podcast with marketing technologist Travis Wright.

Fred Von Graf
Fred is a seasoned technology expert who has managed mission critical applica-
tions and global teams at a fortune 50 company, led business development at a 
fortune 20, and founded the ASU Startup Accelerator. He is also the founder of 
the very successful W3M.io software development firm.

Justin Wu
Justin is an Information Architect & Growth marketer that has worked with com-
panies such as The Wall Street Journal, Samsung, NASA, and Intel. He is also the 
founder of Growthly, a growth agency that helps companies build a community 
around their brand.

Travis Wright
Travis is a top marketing technology strategist, author, consultant, keynote speak-
er, blockchain entrepreneur, data & analytics geek, tech journalist, and growth 
hacker. He is the former global digital and social strategist at Symantec for the 
Norton brand. He was a Russian linguist in the US Army Intelligence. Wright is the 
cofounder & CMO of CCP.Digital, a digital ad & content agency. Travis cohosts 
a top ranked blockchain podcast, The Bad Crypto Podcast, and VentureBeat’s 
podcast, VB Engage.

Irish McIntyre
Irish is a technology veteran with over two decades of Product Management ex-
pertise in collaboration, CRM, information security, and taxation software. As VP 
of Product Management for Thomson Reuters, Irish leads the product team re-
sponsible for the ONESOURCE software suite used by Fortune 500 corporations 
and the Big-4 accounting firms worldwide, spanning global direct taxes, indirect 
taxes, and global trade management.



PAGE 22

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

Justin Garcia
Justin is a blockchain project consultant and crypto market analyst. He has over 12 
years of experience in the field of eCommerce, digital marketing, and consulting, 
with expertise in the importing of goods, digital product marketing, and branding. 
He has a long history of organizing and guiding development and design teams to 
build successful businesses around imports of electronics and textile products from 
multiple regions overseas.

Xavier Kochhar
Xavier is a structured data and AI expert. He is the Founder of The Video Genome 
Project (acquired by Hulu), the personalization engine and largest and most gran-
ular structured database of video content metadata. Prior to The VGP, Xavier was 
Managing Partner at MediaLink, where he helped build the firm into the leading 
advisory services company in media, advertising, and technology. He was also a 
senior executive at The Walt Disney Company, the William Morris Agency, and 
L.E.K. Consulting.

Jesse Tevelow 
Jesse is a two-time bestselling author, and the co-founder of LaunchTeam, a com-
pany that manages marketing campaigns for 7, 8, and 9-figure entrepreneurs. Pri-
or to founding Launchteam, Jesse went through the inaugural class of Techstars 
and co-founded a game company that leveraged digital currencies to generate 
millions of dollars in annual revenues.

Simon Bogdanowicz 
Simon is a blockchain investor, growth stock investor, and the co-founder of 
LaunchTeam. He’s worked with Fortune 500 companies across a number of 
industries, including Netflix, UnitedHealth Group, FedEx, Office Depot, Viacom, 
World Fuel Services, and Raymond James. Simon also worked as a top-tier M&A 
investment banker for the Royal Bank of Canada.



PAGE 23

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

PAGE 23

PARTNERS

Direct Outbound
Direct Outbound Services LLC, is a full service warehousing and fulfillment center headquartered in 
Greenville, SC.  Founded in 2012, the focus is to affordably increase the quality of care for clients. 
Direct Outbound’s focuses include E-commerce, Healthcare, Government, direct to consumer, B2B, 
retail, and industrial third party logistics services.  Direct Outbound has grown into several hundred 
thousand square feet of warehousing space, ships hundreds of thousands of e-commerce and retail 
packages per month, and assists numerous government agencies with their shipping and bulk mail 
needs.

Influencive
Influencive is a media outlet read by millions of millennials every month, focusing on unconventional 
thinking, entrepreneurship, marketing, and blockchain. It was recognized by Forbes as “a rapidly grow-
ing media empire,” and is “one of the fastest growing online publications for millennial entrepreneurs,” 
according to the Huffington Post.

Perdue Farms
Perdue Farms is the parent company of Perdue Foods and Perdue AgriBusiness, based in Salisbury, 
Maryland. Perdue Foods is a major chicken, turkey, and pork processing company in the United 
States. Perdue AgriBusiness ranks among the top United States grain companies. Annual sales ex-
ceed $6 billion. ShipChain and Perdue Farms will work on a pilot project to implement blockchain 
technology through key parts of Perdue Farms’ supply chain.



PAGE 24

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

Sweetbridge
Sweetbridge sponsors the development of blockchain-based economic protocols and applications to 
transform high-friction global supply chains into Liquid Value Networks. The Swiss-based non-profit 
foundation is gathering interested industry technologists, blockchain projects, and open-source con-
tributors from around the world to form a blockchain alliance. The shared goal is to transform brittle, 
industrial-era commerce through decentralized industry ecosystems that create a faster, more fair value 
exchange, unleash working capital, better utilize resources, and optimize talent for the benefit of all 
participants.

BiTA (Blockchain in Trucking Alliance)
BiTA was formed by technology and transportation executives to develop common standards around 
blockchain applications in the freight industry. The alliance also promotes education of blockchain tech-
nologies and offers a platform for collaboration among influential entities. BiTA’s goal is to bring togeth-
er leading companies in the freight technology industries that have a vested interest in the development 
of blockchain technology. BiTA members include UPS, FedEx, C.H. Robinson, Coyote, Bridgestone, 
and others.

Crypto Valley
The Crypto Valley Association is an independent, government-supported organization located in the 
Swiss canton of Zug. Their mission is to build the world’s leading ecosystem for blockchain and cryp-
tographic technologies in Switzerland. Crypto Valley’s main focus is in developing and executing a 
community-driven program targeted at establishing and growing their ecosystem. Crypto Valley is also 
working to be a bridge between Crypto Valley and the global cryptographic technologies community – 
building on their already active connections to international centers of blockchain innovation in London, 
Singapore, Silicon Valley, and New York.



PAGE 25

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

PAGE 25

FUNDING & BUDGET
We are committed to spending our funding responsibly. Below are our  plans for properly allocating 
the assets to deliver the best possible solutions, as quickly as possible. We are limiting the total con-
tributions in the crowdfunding to $30 million USD because we feel taking more money would not be 
responsible and wouldn’t lead to a better product any faster. Below is a preview of our best estimates 
of what we’ll do with any money we raise in the TGE.

Research and Development
ShipChain will be at the cutting edge of blockchain technology, including a full development team for 
Solidity, as well as our web platform for UI/UX, Frontend, and Backend.  We will also bring on hardware 
and IoT developers to further advance the amount of data that can be tracked.  Research into sidechain 
tech will be done, and the team will consider the acquisition of an existing logistics/trucking company in 
order to accelerate both the physical development and adoption of the platform.

Operations
Operations and development teams will begin within the United States, but also to support the Perdue 
pilot program, South America, as well as Asia and Europe to further partner with additional carriers.  
Support teams to operate hardware and troubleshoot issues will be necessary, and field integrations 
with legacy systems.  Cloud and server infrastructure will be necessary with the web platform.

Marketing Strategy
The ShipChain Foundation is forming alliances in the logistics space with large corporations, small busi-
nesses, freight companies, truckers, brand evangelists and other partners, much like the Enterprise 
Ethereum Alliance did for Ethereum and corporate partnerships. This initiative is an important piece of 
our strategy, not only from a marketing perspective, but to bolster widespread support of the ecosystem 
we’re building. In the coming months, ShipChain will announce partnerships that will support this effort. 

ShipChain’s core team and advisors have a combined century of experience in marketing and public 
relations, many with decades of history advertising for large brands and social media influencers. The 
team is uniquely equipped, both directly and through relationships, to execute marketing campaigns 
that will spread our message and secure our brand as a dominant player in the shipping space. Ship-
Chain will advertise on relevant platforms to reach the right people in the shipping and logistics industry. 

We will handle P.R. and communications both internally and via 3rd parties, keeping our community 
constantly updated about developments, initiatives, and new relationships. Our communications strat-
egy consists of press and marketing, but also community engagement through our core team.



PAGE 26

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

Business Development
We will attend both US-based and international conferences to build our network and find new leads. 
We’ll focus more on private 1-on-1 development with US transportation firms. ShipChain will host edu-
cational evenings in different cities to attract local business owners and invite them to join our platform.

We will also focus on finding strategic partners internationally, both on a corporate and a political level 
for quicker implementation and mass adoption. We will have team members on both coasts of the U.S.

To maximize our business development on top of all other efforts, we will also hire at least one team 
member in Europe to cover a larger geographical area. The team will be able to cover conferences all 
over the world, meet with more potential strategic partners and customers, and build more relation-
ships.

Legal
Legal is an important aspect for ShipChain. We will retain outside counsel with extensive experience in 
the transportation industry to begin developing framework for best practices and compliance.

Expanding ShipChain Intellectual Property portfolio as well as the acquisition of key technologies is 
pivotal. We will retain counsel for Food Safety and Modernization Act review and create proposals for 
approaching key partners in the industry. We will work with strategic partners to encourage government 
and administrative bodies to utilize the platform for Proof of Concept testing.

Retaining key personnel to work with the Food and Drug Administration to encourage adoption of 
blockchain technology is an additional step we will take. We will also continue to develop strategic part-
nerships with domestic and international partners to help with the proliferation of the platform at both 
the government and corporate level.
Eventually, we will hire a dedicated lobbyist to encourage adoption of the platform as the industry 
standard and overall proliferation of blockchain. We will develop additional license agreements for the 
platform as well.



PAGE 27

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

PAGE 27

REVENUE MODEL
ShipChain will employ a two-fold revenue model, focusing on both the Small and Mid-size Business 
market (SMB), as well as Enterprise platform development.  This includes the following:

ShipChain Web
ShipChain’s web platform will enable shippers to connect directly to carriers, without the traditional bro-
kerage model.  Fees will be a low percentage of the cost of shipping, and ShipChain will avoid having 
to hire typical telemarketing brokers, keeping the cost of selling at a minimum.  This base percentage 
fee will be the primary income source for ShipChain Web, followed by partnerships for Cargo Insurance, 
as well as partner value-add services upsold on top of shipments.  With a transparent fee system, Ship-
Chain will show shippers the actual cost from the carrier, and how much they save versus the traditional 
brokerage model.  Instant booking will be done, versus the traditional 3-4 day wait period.

ShipChain Enterprise
ShipChain will also develop custom sidechain solutions for large enterprises that need to utilize different 
data sources and information.  ShipChain will do this as a development contractor, with all new side-
chains still tying into the main blockchain.  This will be custom quoted per client, but will be on the scale 
of large ERP implementations that routinely run over seven figures.



PAGE 28

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

ROADMAP

Platform under development as of Nov 2017. 
Wide-reaching press and marketing cam-
paign (underway). Token Generation Event 
pre-sale (underway).

Q4: 2017

Q1: 2018
Token Generation Event main-sale (Janu-
ary 2018). The SHIP token is omnipresent 
across popular, high-volume exchanges. Our 
freight-tracking pilot program with Perdue 
Farms rolls out. The initial Track & Trace platform is integrat-

ed with government-mandated ELD devices.

Q2: 2018

Q3: 2018
Testing of ShipChain’s decentralized broker-
age Web Platform begins. Application devel-
opment on ShipChain’s open ecosystem is 
promoted to partners.

Track & Trace platform allows carriers to de-
velop their own sidechains. The first version 
of the ShipChain Web platform is released.
Our pilot program is extended into integrat-
ed supply-chain testing.

Q4: 2018

Q1/Q2: 2019
Development of custom sidechains for large 
carriers on the Track & Trace platform begins. 
The ShipChain Web platform is integrated 
with external data sources and additional 
carriers.

Q4: 2019
Relationships are established with govern-
ment regulators to cement ShipChain as the 
favored tracking technology vendor, and en-
hance ELD compliance. Air and sea freight 
pilot programs are initiated.

A small carrier is acquired for internal testing 
to accelerate the adoption and development 
of our Track & Trace platform. International 
partnerships are developed to focus on ex-
pansion into global sea freight.

Q3: 2019

Q1: 2020
Community open source projects are spon-
sored to accelerate application development 
on the ShipChain blockchain. Extensive cus-
tom sidechain research is conducted for 3PLs 
and large shippers with internal fleets.



PAGE 29

IN
TRO

EC
O

SYSTEM
PLAN

PAGE 29

Self-Driving Vehicles
The self-driving revolution is coming, and ShipChain will be prepared for it. Currently, drivers facilitate 
the handoff and delivery of loads, allowing for a carrier-level security verification at each event. We 
propose a novel method for preventing cargo theft or mishandling is a combination of RFID tagging, 
2D barcoding, plus cargo trailer sensors that communicate with the blockchain. The unauthorized un-
loading of cargo by receivers will be noted and combined with the geographical data. This information 
will be publicly verifiable. This method holds receiving and shipping parties accountable for any mis-
handled, lost or stolen goods.

Transparency
ShipChain plans to significantly increase the level of transparency in the blockchain space. With com-
munity managers working with supporters in public chat and forums, our team also plans to release 
scheduled quarterly progress reports detailing software development progress, as well as progress on 
all plans detailed in this whitepaper. These quarterly progress reports will be scheduled after the initial 
token sale, and include statements from the development team, statements from the operations team, 
executive overviews, updated timetables, and other pertinent information to the progress of the Ship-
Chain project.

Support of a Common Goal
ShipChain plans to support and encourage a better environmental policy in the freight industry.  We 
strongly support a shift away from heavy polluting “bunker fuel” in sea freight to cleaner natural gas 
or even electric container ships, the encouragement of freight rail for its high efficiency, the use of fuel 
economy improving technology and gamification of fuel efficiency in the trucking industry, and the use 
of AI to reduce fuel usage. Protecting our environment is critical, and the freight industry should con-
stantly work to improve its carbon footprint.

FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS

Questions or comments? Email us at hello@shipchain.io

Learn more by visiting shipchain.io


