














































Microsoft Word - STORM Token White Paper Market Research Network Development vFINAL.docx


 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 

StormX, Inc.  
Final 

October 16th, 2017 
  



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 2 of 19 

StormX, Inc. (“StormX”) is rebranding its popular AdTech application “BitMaker” to “Storm 
Play,” and contemporaneously kicking off both the increased gamification of, and the 
integration of blockchain technology to, the app. To introduce blockchain technology into 
its technology stack, StormX is introducing the STORM token, an ERC20-compliant token 
that operates on the Ethereum blockchain. “Storm Makers,” who post tasks in the Storm 
Play app, are required to pay for posts in STORM tokens, and “Storm Players,” who are the 
users of the app earn rewards, denominated in Bolts, for performing tasks.  With the 
introduction of Storm Play, Storm Players now have the option of monetizing their earned 
Bolts in STORM tokens. Storm Players may then become Storm Makers by in turn using 
STORM tokens to pay to post tasks on the platform.   
 
The introduction of blockchain to the Storm Play app marks the first step in an evolution 
toward what StormX envisions as an entire decentralized marketplace for tasks – the 
“Storm Market.” The Storm Market will operate similar to the Apple App Store or the 
Google Play Store in that it will serve as a platform where Storm Makers and Storm Players 
can create and accept tasks using smart contracts powered and paid for with STORM 
tokens. StormX aims to make the Storm Market a platform that operates via a combination 
of StormX APIs and other proprietary software tools and applications, along with 
Ethereum-based smart contracts for various types of tasks which will execute using STORM 
tokens. People worldwide can benefit by adopting the Storm Market model as a 
mechanism for commerce, as it makes it easy for Storm Makers and Storm Players to 
connect and interact with significantly reduced transaction costs. 
  
 
  
 
 
  

Website:  www.stormtoken.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 3 of 19 

 

Abstract 2 

Table of Contents 3 

Overview 4 
The Freelancer Marketplace 5 

StormX Background 7 
Gamification Design 8 

Storm Player Types (6 Persona Types) 9 

Storm Player Journeys 9 

Introducing the Storm Market 11 
Storm as Smart Tokens 11 

Storm Market Launch 12 

Future Development Plans: Storm Tasks 13 

StormX Team 14 
Team Overview 14 
Key Team Members 15 
Lead Advisors 17 

Acknowledgements 19 

 

 
  



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 4 of 19 

Finding a steady flow of flexible opportunities to earn, not just to get by in life, but to 
truly advance ourselves and our families is a global need.  
In the current freelancer market, centralized industry leaders including Upwork, Fiverr & 
Amazon, charge up to 40% in transaction fees. The current system has too many 
middlemen making the global freelance market expensive and inefficient. In taking the first 
step toward tackling this problem, StormX, Inc. (“StormX”) is rebranding its popular micro-
task application “BitMaker” to “Storm Play,” and contemporaneously kicking off the 
integration of blockchain technology into the app with the introduction of “STORM 
tokens.” Storm Play is the user portal into StormX’s existing micro-task marketplace, which 
will be called “Storm Market” in the rebranded app. While currently Storm Market 
primarily features promotional user engagement tasks, StormX’s vision is that there will 
ultimately be three distinct categories of tasks:  

1. Promotional user engagement. 
2. Freelance labor, ranging from micro-tasks to app QA testing to longer 

independent contract-style engagements. 
3. Shopping-related opportunities where users can learn about or sample retail 

goods and services.  
StormX’s vision is that the Storm Market will operate a decentralized platform where 
anyone will be able to offer or engage in tasks using Ethereum blockchain-based “smart 
contracts” powered by ERC20-compliant STORM tokens. 
 
The Future of Storm Market is here.  
With the launch of the rebranded Storm Play app in conjunction with the distribution of 
STORM tokens, the core elements of Storm Market are in place. Storm Market participants 
soliciting engagement (i.e., sellers, advertisers, companies, etc. – we call them “Storm 
Makers”) use STORM tokens to place tasks in the Storm Market, and the participants 
wanting to engage (consumers, viewers, freelancers, etc. – we call them “Storm Players”) 
receive reward units called Bolts in return for performing specified tasks.  Bolts may not be 
transferred off of Storm Market and are redeemable for STORM Tokens. STORM Tokens 
may then be resold, used to pay for the listing of tasks on Storm Market or utilized in any 
way the holder sees fit.  (As detailed below, for a transition period, Storm Players will 
continue to be able to choose to convert Bolts to ETH, BTC, or STORM tokens, but once the 
transition is complete, Bolts will only be transferrable to STORM tokens.) 
 
 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 5 of 19 

Blockchain is revolutionary.  

As demonstrated by the success and growth of Blockchain-based distributed computing 
networks like Bitcoin and Ethereum, the future of the Internet involves decentralized, 
efficient, inclusive, and global ecosystems. StormX believes that blockchain-based 
marketplaces will be a critical foundation to global, digital ecosystems. The creation and 
integration of STORM tokens into Storm Play reflect StormX’s vision to fully integrate 
blockchain technology into Storm Market. At launch, Storm Market will remain a centralized 
platform, but the StormX team is developing blockchain-based smart contracts that will 
decentralize the process of creating and engaging in tasks in Storm Market, removing 
inefficiencies, and enabling Storm Makers and Storm Players to engage directly with each 
other in an open and transparent platform powered by STORM tokens. 

Ultimately, the Storm Market will seek to enable ways to earn rewards and compensation 
through gamified micro-tasks and other engagement tasks and freelance work from 
anywhere, at any time, on any device, by: 

1. Making it easier to find new opportunities  
2. Making it easier to advance 
3. Making it easier to engage, no matter what role a person is playing 

 
StormX’s Principles: 

1. Effective global inclusion can only happen when all marketplace participants can 
negotiate and settle efficiently 

2. The ability to earn and improve one’s condition is a basic human right 
3. Efficiency is about respecting the most valuable resource of all, time 

There has been a major shift in the freelancer marketplace over the last five years. 
Today, employers place a much higher emphasis on technology and automation, rendering 
the traditional work schedule nearly obsolete. Companies hire people from all over the 
world while maintaining operational efficiencies and reducing costs. The digital world 
allows for a company to hire a software developer from Brazil, a user experience designer 
from England, and community manager from India. This is a major advantage to both 
parties: task performers are no longer bound by geographical location and task posters are 
able to hire from the global talent pool. 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 6 of 19 

 

Figure 1: The traditional information worker paradigm is being disrupted by technology and automation. 

 

Centralized platforms have established this as a strong market. Companies like Fiverr, 
Taskrabbit, Upwork, and Mechanical Turk have their workforces distributed throughout the 
world, but existing inefficiencies are financially hurting many of these freelancers. Today’s 
platform participants are losing up to 40% of their wages in platform transaction fees,1 with 
long transaction periods, and they are not receiving the corresponding value in return. This 
can create a toxic relationship between the task poster and task performer. Freelancers 
want to earn more, and to keep more of what they actually do earn.  Blockchain can 
change these dynamics through the efficient listing of tasks and implementation of 
rewards programs which can be monetized through conversion to STORM tokens. 

 

 

 

 

                                                
1 For example, Mechanical Turk charges an additional 20% commission when requesters need more 
than 10 people, as seen in: http://www.businessinsider.com/amazon-mechanical-turk-price-changes, 
and https://requester.mturk.com/pricing.  



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 7 of 19 

StormX started by taking a different approach to the digital advertising marketplace and 
creating an advertising marketplace that rewards the engagers of gamified advertisements 
with cryptocurrency through the android mobile application, Storm Play.  Storm Play works.   

 

This unique approach to the advertising marketplace helped develop the idea behind a 
much larger opportunity to extend this network of potential Storm Players into a 
marketplace with more earning opportunities consisting of a wide variety of gamified 
micro-tasks. 

Through Storm Play, StormX has already grown a market with 250,000+ monthly active 
Storm Players.  As of August 21, 2017, Storm Market participants have access to: 

 

 

Figure 2: Storm Play’s highlight achievements. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 8 of 19 

Gamification principles are used throughout Storm Market.   
Gamification is the process of adding games or game-like elements, such as a micro-task, 
to encourage active participation. Gamification is the process of integrating game 
mechanics in 'non-gaming' contexts2, such as websites, apps, and services, in order to 
boost the user's motivation for participation, enhance the level of engagement and 
increase user loyalty. It is an iterative process in which a gameful design framework is 
deployed to foster the user's journey to mastery. People already have gamified services like 
language learning courses (e.g. Duolingo and MindSpace). Games like Candy Crush, Clash 
Royale and the Clash of Clans have already developed an array of effective gaming 
techniques. 
 
The main goal of embedding a 'gamification' layer to the Storm Market platform is to make 
it effective in reaching objectives for boosting and delivering business results, like ROE 
(Return on Engagement). Storm Play can make monotonous work much more enjoyable 
through a gamified platform. 
 
Gamification strategies and techniques create the easiest and most enjoyable way 
for people to earn within the Storm Market. 

● Experience rewards system (Storm Players are rewarded with Bolts, formerly known 
as Blocks) for: 

○ Creating tasks 
○ Completing tasks 
○ Managing other Storm Players that a person referred in to complete a task 

successfully 
○ Helping categorize a task or helping to rank a task 

 
“Treks” are how StormX internally conceptualizes the journeys designed within the platform 
experience that help a Storm Player go from being a new user of Storm Play, to a master 
user of Storm Play.   
 
 

                                                
2 Dederding et al., 2011:   https://www.cs.auckland.ac.nz/courses/compsci747s2c/lectures/paul/definition-
deterding.pdf. 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 9 of 19 

This platform has vast kinds of Storm Maker treks.  Different Storm Players earn Bolts 
which may be redeemed for STORM tokens by doing different kinds of tasks.  Each action-
loop and journey (described below in greater detail) corresponds to different kinds of 
Storm Player types, to make them applicable to different kinds of real world people. Storm 
Market uses gamified design to appeal to the following different types of users: 

 
Figure 3: 6 types of Storm Players 

 
Gamification mechanics focus on enabling Storm Players through “journeys,” which can 
range from beginner level to mastery level.  The mechanics focus on helping Storm Players 
become advocates of the Storm Market platform.  Currently, a Storm Player can progress 
through the following phases with respect to the Storm Play application:  
 

1. Discovery phase  
2. Onboarding phase 
3. Getting immersed [habit building] phase 
4. Mastery phase and replay. 

 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 10 of 19 

 

Figure 4: Storm Players, and Storm Makers  are going through a journey from beginner to mastery. 

 
The basic unit of the gamification design process are “action-loops.”  An action-loop serves 
to boost a user's engagement. Storm Makers can offer Storm Players different ways of 
aggregating Bolts, like QA Testing. Storm Players track their micro-task progress according 
to their Bolts earned to date, which can best be characterized as the experience points a 
Storm Player accumulates as he or she completes tasks. After performing the task, a Storm 
Player can level up - that is, as the Storm Player’s number of total Bolts earned increases, 
so does the Storm Player’s experience rank.  Different action-loops can be designed for 
each of the four phases of the Storm Player’s journey to mastery on different treks. Once 
the Storm Player is done they may redeem their aggregated Bolts for STORM tokens. 
 

 
Figure 5: Action loops are the micro-engagement engines that create an effective gamification framework 

 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 11 of 19 

An effective gamification design framework includes action-loops that take into account the 
user’s intrinsic motivation. This means that effective gamification depends on the ability to 
provide appropriate feedback to the user, as shown in the diagram below. This positive 
feedback comes in the form of Bolts. 

 

Figure 6: User intrinsic motivation driven approach.3 

Storm Play has shown significant growth by providing users with a gamified AdTech 
experience, and StormX sees this gamification model as the foundational point for creating 
an improved marketplace for not just advertising, but all sorts of microtasks. As StormX 
integrates blockchain technology and adds additional features, all players involved in the 
marketplace benefit.   

 

 

StormX is rebranding and launching Storm Market, which operates as a platform that 
supports both proprietary applications and open-sourced smart contracts aimed at 
facilitating transactions in a micro-task marketplace. The Storm Market network provides 
network participants with rewards (Bolts), tools, features, and other customized access via 
STORM tokens.  

                                                
3 Based on Deci & Ryan Self-Determination Theory, 2012 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 12 of 19 

StormX is introducing the STORM token as an ERC-20 token that will facilitate transactions 
within an opt-in, secured, gamified marketplace, that will eventually be run by blockchain-
based smart contracts on Ethereum. The STORM token will be implemented to have the 
option to be used as a Smart Token using the Bancor protocol, however, the Bancor 
protocol technology will not be enabled at launch.  The Smart Token template is an ERC20-
compatible token template. More information about Bancor can be found on the Bancor 
website and the Bancor white paper.  

At the launch of the network, Storm Makers will need to pay StormX using STORM tokens in 
order to create micro-tasks in Storm Play. STORM tokens can be acquired through: 

● Storm Play, by aggregating Bolts that are redeemable for STORM tokens.   
● STORM token user acquisition token allocation, which will be dispensed through 

Storm Play channels such as email, Storm Play, or social media. 

The launch of the Storm Market will be marked by StormX’s sale of STORM tokens and its 
contemporaneous rebranding and gamification of what was previously known as the 
Bitmaker AdTech application to Storm Play. Specific examples of how Storm Market has 
introduced gamified user scenarios are: 

1. Marketing Visibility via Boosts: Many of today’s freelancers struggle with 
being able to market themselves, inhibiting their access to more 
opportunities.  Within Storm Market, Storm Players can use their balance of 
Bolts for boosts.  Boosts give the Storm Player access to more micro-tasks for 
a certain period of time. 

2. Training: Many of today’s freelancers also struggle with understanding what 
is required in terms of skill to gain access to different types of tasks.  Storm 
Market users can engage in training tasks to develop skills and receive Bolts.  
Each skill has its own level to increase based on the number of tasks 
completed. These training tasks also help the Storm Player understand his or 
her current skill level and the gaps to close in order to reach his or her next 
skill level, which in turn can unlock more tasks.  

3. Gamified Project Management: Storm Players are rewarded for reaching 
task milestones within complex tier tasks. Storm Players will be rewarded 
when they complete a task milestone, which will help the Storm Player be 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 13 of 19 

notified of his or her checkpoint acceptance.  Storm Makers have analytics 
available and are notified when a Storm Player completes tasks. 

 
The Ethereum network is limited in terms of scalability allowing for only about 8.5 
transactions per second. At launch, the STORM token will operate on the Ethereum 
network, and the remaining functionality of the Storm Market – i.e., the Storm Play 
application – will be offered by StormX as proprietary Storm Market services.  

Storm Play will provide a platform for developing “Storm Tasks”: the smart contract 
templates for agreements made between Storm Makers and Storm Players. Storm Tasks 
will be ethereum-based smart contracts, written in Solidity, that will aim to facilitate micro-
task transactions in the Storm Market. Processing for Storm Tasks will reside on top of the 
Ethereum blockchain.  As such, all Storm Task transactions should be validated, executed, 
and enforced by a global network of Ethereum nodes. The Storm Tasks may lay out 
timelines, milestone markers, payment terms, and other more advanced features such as 
qualifications or credentials required to undertake a specific micro-task. The 
implementation of Storm Market Storm Tasks will provide protections for both parties to 
decrease the likelihood of foul play.  
 
StormX is also considering additional categories of micro-tasks and smart contract use 
cases within the Storm Market, such as the ability to learn about or sample retail products 
via “Storm Shop,” or perform small projects or complete any other gamified micro-task or 
similar freelance job that a Storm Maker seeks to have completed via “Storm Gigs.” The 
company vision involves increasing the number and accessibility of gamified micro-task 
opportunities, and thereby increasing the number of ways for marketplace participants to 
have tasks completed or to earn useful rewards. 

 
Figure 7: Storm Market includes categories of micro-tasks: Storm Play, Storm Shop, and Storm Gigs. 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 14 of 19 

The success of Storm Market depends not only on the solution being created and the 
technology behind the solution, the success is about the team that intends to utilize that 
technology in order to successfully implement a solution. 

What makes the team at StormX unique? 

The strength of the team relies on the theme of key milestones achieved over the past few 
years in development the Storm Play application:   

● Strong team that has already been working together for several years 
● History of developing and growing Bitmaker and the Storm Market platform 
● Storm Market is the next evolution of a product roadmap resulting from traction 

 
The StormX team is well-rounded in terms of muscle, brain, years of experience, and areas 
of expertise across business and engineering, especially across AdTech and blockchain.  
The team has demonstrated the ability to operate and move quickly and efficiently as one. 
The founders of the company have more than four years of experience working together, 
across two businesses. 

 

 
Figure 8: From bottom left to right: Reo (Engineering), Sue (Design), Esther (Engineering).  

    From middle left to right: Calvin (Engineering), Arry (COO), Brian (Data Intern). 
 From top left to right: Simon (CEO), Derek (Marketing), Rui (Engineering), Sean (Engineering). 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 15 of 19 

 
 

SIMON YU   CEO & Founder 

A prodigy in business, Simon’s core strengths lie in his ability to drive the team against the 
most important priorities, listen to the market, and attract the right people to the company.  
He is a visionary who is able to see the long-term potential in every aspect of scaling a 
multi-billion-dollar business opportunity. 
  

RUI MAXIMO   CTO | Security Expert 

Rui has over 25 years of experience in software development and program management 
developing over 20 commercial products. Rui also has a background in cryptography, and 
degrees in mathematics.  He specializes in Security, Software Development, Product 
Design, Project Management, Technical Writing, Public Speaking and Training.  
 
 
 

ARRY YU   COO 

Arry is the COO of StormX and brings her 20 years of passion for business to the company. 
Because she has both business and technology expertise, she is able to navigate fluidly 
across the business as a fluent operator end-to-end. 
 

STEVEN NERAYOFF   Chief Strategist: Ethereum, Alchemist Ventures, Bancor, Lisk 

Steven Nerayoff is an investor, founder, venture capitalist and a prolific entrepreneur. He is 
the founder and CEO of Alchemist Ventures, a Venture Capital firm primarily focused on 
emerging technologies including blockchain-based payment systems, consumer focused 
internet startups, and socially conscious organizations.  
 

HANAN GAZIT, PH.D   Founder of juloot interactive | Gamification Specialist   

Hanan is a Gameful Experiences Engineer and the Founder of juloot interactive. He is a 
video games and virtual worlds researcher and an academic lecturer, teaching computer 
science students games apps design and development.  
 

CALVIN HSIEH   Software Development Engineer | Co-founder 

Calvin is a cofounder of BitMaker. With millions of app downloads to his portfolio, Calvin is 
able to build and execute on building apps that are popular with users all over the world.   
 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 16 of 19 

SEAN ZHONG   Architect | V.P. of Engineering 

Sean has over 20 years of experience that brings business, engineering, and data 
warehousing together to build products that best serve people.  His specialties include 
client-server architecture, data warehousing, and analytical marketing.  
  

MATTHEW DI FERRANTE   STORM Token Smart Contracts Auditor 

Matt, a blockchain software engineer, is an early Ethereum adopter with deep technical 
knowledge of core Ethereum codebase, cryptography, and formal verification / security. 
Matt also works for the Ethereum Foundation. 
 

JON NOLZ   V.P. of Business Development 

Jon Nolz is the vice president of business development. Jon has a deep-rooted background 
in product strategy, new media, digital advertising and direct response marketing with 
executive positions at drugstore.com and InfoSpace.  
 

SUE YANG   User Experience Design 

Sue leads design across marketing and product for Storm Market. As an experienced 
designer with a background in programming, she continually seeks out new ways to 
improve web and mobile experiences for users by exploring different approaches.  
 

DEREK HAROUTOONIAN   Marketing Operations 

Derek leads marketing and sales operations, including social media, analysis and reporting, 
user communications, public relations, and network development.  
  

ESTHER SONG   Full Stack Engineering 

Esther is a full stack engineer with a background in running her family business, that along 
with her love of coding, gaming and startups has made her an integral part of the StormX, 
Inc. team.  Favorite languages include MySQL, JQuery, CSS, HTML/5, JavaScript, JSON, Ruby, 
AngularJS, and others. 
  

FELIPE AUGUSTO   Mobile Engineering 

Web and Mobile development expert with experience in: Python, Django, Linux, Android, 
Ruby, and Go.  



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 17 of 19 

 
BILL SHIHARA   Bittrex CEO  

Bill Shihara is the CEO and co-founder of cryptocurrency exchange Bittrex, which 
celebrated its third anniversary in January 2017. Prior to Bittrex, Bill has a combined 15 
years of cyber-security experience at Amazon, Blackberry, and Microsoft, managing a 
number of different areas from threat intelligence, security architecture and development, 
and security response. 
 

TOM BOLLICH   MadHive CTO | Zynga Founding CTO  

Tom is the current CTO of MadHive, a data management company powered by blockchain 
technology. Tom regularly advises companies on how to bring real world mechanics into a 
game like economy, and he has with roots in robotics engineering and artificial intelligence. 
 

ANTHONY DI IORIO   CEO & Founder at Jaxx & Decentral | Founder at Ethereum 

Anthony Diiorio is a serial entrepreneur, VC, community organizer, and thought leader in 
the field of decentralized technologies. He is Founder and CEO of Jaxx, a multi-token 
blockchain wallet that enables crypto to crypto buying and selling with frictionless in wallet 
conversion. 
 

LIAM ROBERTSON   CEO Alphabits.fund 

Liam Robertson serves as the CEO for Alphabit, a digital currency fund.  He has been an 
early adopter of cryptocurrency and continues to help drive growth within the industry. 
 

JEFF PULVER   Father of VOIP | Vonage Founder & CEO  

Jeff is an American internet entrepreneur known for shaping the worldwide market 
acceptance of VoIP. In addition to being a VOIP pioneer, Jeff is known as an entrepreneur, 
investor, strategist, photographer, speaker, futurist, producer, and a curator of large scale 
tech conferences.   
 

BRIAN KELLY   CNBC Fast-Money | Founder, Brian Kelly Capital LLC  

Brian Kelly is an investor, author, and financial markets commentator. He is an expert in 
global financial markets, macro-economics and digital currencies.  
 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 18 of 19 

BRAD MILLS   Fund Strategist, AlphaBit.fund | Social Game Specialist  

Brad has been mining bitcoin in 2011, and in 2013, started exploring other blockchain 
technologies. Since 2008, Brad has been Producing Facebook and Iphone Games with 
Slightly Social, building games with the highest ARPU ever seen on Facebook.  
  

GUY BENHARTZI   Bancor Co-founder  

Guy has held numerous leadership positions, from CEO of Mytopia, to founder of Particle 
Code and Appcoin. His current role, CEO and founder Bancor, has connected Guy with the 
best and brightest individuals that comprise the blockchain industry.  
 

IVAN BRAIKER   CEO of Transbiotech  

Ivan is an experienced mobile ad tech exec of over 30+ years, and he served as President 
and Chief Executive Officer of Hipcricket, a pioneer in mobile engagement platforms, where 
he was directly responsible for growing revenue and leading Hipcricket to be a major force 
in the industry.  
 

DAMON DANIELI   Founder CTO of Appuri  

Damon is currently the founder and CTO of Appuri. Prior to Z2Live, Damon was the original 
lead for the original XBox Live, with many of its marquee features like voice chat, voice 
commands, friends, notifications, networking, security, authentication and authorization.   
 

CK WANG   CEO of Kooapps  

CK (Chun-Kai) Wang is co-founder and CEO of Kooapps where he leads a mobile gaming 
company with 40+ employees. Kooapps has released several successful games including 
Pictoword, and has offices in Seattle, Taiwan, and the Philippines. 

 

 

 

 

 

 



CakeCodes Global SEZC, Inc.         Confidential 2017 | Patents-Pending                        Page 19 of 19 

 
We would like to express our gratitude to the many people who supported us as we wrote 
this paper. We would specifically like to acknowledge our key team members:  
Simon Yu, Rui Maximo, Arry Yu, Calvin Hsieh, Sean Zhong, Matthew Di Ferrante, Jon Nolz, 
Sue Yang, Derek Haroutoonian, Esther Song, and Felipe Augusto.  
A very special thanks to our advisors, including Anthony Di Iorio, Tom Bollich, Jeff Pulver, 
Brian Kelly, Steven Nerayoff, Brad Mills, Liam Robertson, Guy Benhartzi, Dr. Hanan Gazit , 
Damon Danieli, CK Wang, and especially to Bill Shihara for his continued support as an 
advisor and friend to the company since our inception. Bill was one of the first people to 
believe in the company and the vision.  We’d like to also thank (not in any particular order): 
Michael Dunsworth, Kevin Croy, Meirav Heral, Michael Terpin, and @ActualAdviceBTC. Very 
special thanks to the Wachsman PR team, The Dunamu Team (Korea), Perkins Coie, LLP, 
Deloitte Tax LLP, Campbell’s, Blockchain Capital Korea, and the CMH team. 
 
Also thanks to our spouses, family members, friends, advisors, investors, team members, 
and Seattle community for your support of this entrepreneur journey. We could not do this 
without you.   
  
Your support and feedback were truly important to us in improving this document.  

Thank you. 

 


