






















 

 
The Bee Token 

The Future of the Decentralized Sharing Economy 

 
thebeetoken.com 

Version 1.4 
January 1, 2018 

 
Abstract 

Beenest is the first decentralized home-sharing network built on top of a set of Bee Protocols 
that connects hosts with guests without taking any commissions. The Beenest dApp and the 
Bee Protocols are powered by the ERC-20 utility token called the BEE token. The Bee Protocols 
are open Ethereum protocols that can power other future sharing economy dApps. These 
protocols provide the Beenest network with three essential systems: 
 

1. A secure payment system that allows two authenticated P2P entities to send and 
receive money that gets held in Bee Tokens until after a successful exchange of services 
between the two entities. 

2. A decentralized arbitration system that resolves user disputes , providing positive 
incentives to grow a network of genuine arbiters and negative incentives to deter 
scammers.  

3. A reputation system that couples a valid identity, which is obtained by a trusted digital 
fingerprint protocol on the Ethereum blockchain, with a rating determined by 
transparent, immutable review and scoring interchange between P2P entities (such as 
guests and hosts). 

 
This whitepaper expounds upon the Beenest platform and the Bee Protocols. We aim to offer 
transparency into our token metrics and a future roadmap of development and expansion. We 
will discuss how Beenest creates and preserves value for hosts, guests, arbiters, and 
developers within a decentralized autonomous organization and how our decentralized model 
offers distinct advantages over the predominant, centralized home sharing model. 

 
 
 
 

https://thebeetoken.com/


 

Table of Contents 
 

Background 

Value Propositions 
I. Aligning Incentives 
II. Lower Transaction Fees 
III. Increased Security & Trust 

Bee Protocols (P-A-R) 
I. Payment 
II. Arbitration 
III. Reputation 

Cryptoeconomics 
Token Holders Incentives 

I. Hosts & Property Managers 
II. Guests 
III. Arbiters 
IV. Third Party Developers 

Token Value 
Why Tokenize 

Summary 

Appendix 
A. Anticipated Timeline 
B. Token Sale 
C. Team 
D. Advisors 
E. User Acquisition Strategy 
F. Market Growth 
G. Conflict Resolution Use Cases 
H. Protocol Specs 
I. Useful Links 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 



 

Background 
 
Bitcoin’s emergence in January 2009 created a paradigm shift encouraging decentralization 
through the introduction of a global distributed open ledger. The concept behind Bitcoin 
proved to many there was no longer a need for central banks, beginning the movement 
towards “decentralization.” This movement was accelerated in 2015 with the launch of the 
Ethereum Blockchain and the introduction of smart contracts, which enables any developer to 
create a new genre of decentralized applications, commonly referred to as “dApps.” These 
dApps use the power of the blockchain to allow for secure and trustless asset transfer within 
the Ethereum network, eliminating the need for centralized middlemen from many business 
models. 
 
In Q4 2017, Bitcoin and Ethereum hit all-time highs (1 BTC surpassing $18,000 USD), pushing 
the overall market capitalization of cryptocurrencies to hundreds of billions of dollars. 
Cryptocurrency is becoming mainstream, enjoying an ever-increasing adoption rate from 
investors worldwide. 
 
Simultaneously, peer-to-peer sharing economy applications, typified by Uber and Airbnb, have 
achieved meteoric success in the past few years. However, these platforms extract high 
commission fees from their users in order to to run. Airbnb’s astronomic growth from $0 to 
$31 billion is only enjoyed by a select few -- the founders and VCs. Without any interest in the 
company, very little, if any, of the appreciation value goes back to the guests and hosts. These 
are the same guests and hosts who form the backbone of this two-sided marketplace. At Bee 
Token, we believe that these invaluable contributors, as first-class participants in the network, 
deserve to be rewarded for the platform’s growth through increased utility value of their 
tokens.  
 
Thanks to Ethereum smart contracts, it is now possible to build a truly decentralized and 
automated sharing economy platform. This will be done with no middlemen and thus 0% 
commission, meanwhile sharing the wealth with the users in a two-sided marketplace. 
 

Millennials and Generation X-ers who are investing heavily in cryptocurrencies are also 
fueling the sharing economy, specifically the home sharing industry. 

 
Given the growing acceptance of the sharing economy and increased usage of digital 
currencies, Beenest’s launch comes at a growth inflection point for our target market. 
 

 
 
 
 



 

Value Propositions 

I. Aligning Incentives 
 
In its current climate, the sharing economy is plagued with misaligned incentives with the most 
common example being that as a company grows, the user base is left dissatisfied. A well 
known example is that of Uber drivers. Intermediaries like Uber increasingly extract value from 
users as their network grows. Drivers today earn far less compared with early years, yet costs 
per rider have not significantly decreased. When market demand increases for a good or 
service, network participants should benefit when new equilibrium prices are reached. Instead, 
companies arbitrage these shifts to capitalize on value added by their community. The majority 
of that value is captured by founders and venture capitalists, and shareholders are excessively 
rewarded in the event of an IPO or acquisition. Though these earliest investors receive 
handsome rewards, early drivers on the platform have only been met with decreased earnings 
for the initial value they added to Uber. 
 
Through decentralization, Beenest is able to 
disrupt the currently available sharing 
economy models. At the same time, 
tokenization creates benefits for early 
adopters and token holders, thereby aligning 
user incentives toward further growth of the 
Bee network. We can accelerate user 
participation by giving everyone in the 
network the opportunity to earn tokens 
through referral programs and arbitration. 
Additionally, Beenest corrects for market 
saturation by continuously incentivizing 
guests and hosts to contribute to the 
network by utilizing the Bee Token.  
 
 
 
 

Tokenization creates benefits for early adopters and token holders, thereby aligning user 
incentives toward further growth of the Bee network. 

 

 
 
 
 



 

II. Lower Transaction Fees 
Centralized home sharing platforms rely on multiple intermediaries to conduct their 
transactions. Each intermediary adds a cost that hosts and guests end up paying for. In these 
centralized platforms, transaction fees can range from 10% to 22%, broken down as follows:  
 

● Platform Fees (3% - 15%) - ​Centralized home sharing platforms charge a commission 
to use their platform, which is incurred by hosts and guests. 

● Financial Institutions Fees (3%) - ​Financial institutions such as Visa and Mastercard 
charge flat fees for managing transactions. 

● Foreign Transaction Fees (3%) - ​A transaction usually requires different 
denominations. As a result, foreign transaction fees are charged for transactions made 
outside the country where the user credit/debit card was issued. 

● Currency Conversion Fees (1%) - ​Currency Conversion Fees are the result of the 
Dynamic Currency Conversion (DCC), a fee charged to see the transaction cost in your 
preferred currency denomination. DCC rates tend to be worse than traditional rates, 
but some platforms are known to charge the currency conversion fee unbeknownst to 
the user. 

 
Beenest simply charges 0% commissions to hosts and guests utilizing BEE, thanks to smart 
contracts automating transactions that bypass commission-based platforms, financial 
institutions, and currency denominations. As the Bee token is used for all transactions, there 
are no foreign transaction fees or currency conversion fees, and all savings are passed back to 
the hosts and guests holding the token. 
 

Beenest charges 0% commissions to hosts and guests utilizing BEE, thanks to smart contracts 
automating transactions that bypass commission-based platforms, financial institutions, and 
currency denominations. 

 
Beenest only takes a tiny cost for “gas” (a few cents per transaction), in addition to a nominal 
insurance fee to help cover host liabilities. Beenest also welcomes newcomers into the 
ecosystem by allowing the use of fiat but for a small commission: 
 

● 1% commission for BTC, ETH (or other utility ERC20 tokens) 
● 3.99% commission for fiat 

 
This commission is charged for guests when they chose a pay-in method other than BEE, and 
for hosts who prefer to get paid-out in other than BEE. 
 

 
 
 
 



 

III. Increased Security & Trust 
 
Beenest provides a seamless user experience based on trust and security through the 
blockchain. By using its in-house Bee Token, the Beenest platform provides its hosts and 
guests with privacy, security, and freedom. 
 
In order to use Beenest, users have to first sign up and go through a basic KYC (know your 
customer) process to ensure that users are real and authenticated. Beenest can seamlessly 
integrate with 3rd party authentication platforms and correlates identities with a weighted 
reputation score on the Bee reputation protocol. 
 

Beenest handles updating the reputation scores in the protocol and pulls the scores whenever 
needed, e.g. in the case of a conflict. Higher scores mean better credibility, and ranges are 
bucketed as Lowest, Low, Neutral, High, Highest. 

 
● Lowest (0):​ ​the user signed up but didn’t provide a wallet address 

○ will not allow users to host or book a place but can browse the website 
● Low (1-5): ​the user authenticated by providing a wallet address along with basic KYC 

authentication: name, email, address, birthday, ... 
○ will allow users to book but not host 
○ will drive up cancellation fees for hosts and guests with Low rep score 

● Neutral (6-10): ​in addition to fulfilling Low requirements, the user uploaded a valid 
proof of identification (US Driver's License, Passport, Home Ownership) 

○ will allow users to book and host 
● High (11-20):​ in addition to fulfilling Neutral requirements, user has either booked or 

hosted 
○ will drive down security deposit price for guests 
○ will drive down cancellation fee 

● Highest (21-100): ​in addition to fulfilling High requirements, user has given a review to 
a host or guest 

○ users can set lower cancellation fees/security deposits 
○ users can bypass cancellation thresholds 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 



 

Transparent Reviews 

Reviews are meant to represent an honest critique of a user’s experience with a service or 
product with the intention of informing a larger audience. However, the problem with all 
centralized platforms is that these same platforms have the ability to modify and delete data at 
will. Feedback credibility can become skewed with no paper trail while honest opinions can 
sometimes be misrepresented. 
 
In the class action lawsuit of ​Boris Y. Levitt vs. Yelp! Inc , the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals 1

ruled that Yelp! Inc. has the legal right to manipulate their data. Yelp! Inc. has set the legal 
precedence of data manipulation which raises serious questions whether interactions with 
centralized platforms can be truly genuine. There are also multiple precedences of modified 
reviews concerning Airbnb.  2

 
Beenest encourages guests and hosts to review each other after the checkout date. Reviews 
are stored on the blockchain through the Bee reputation protocol and linked to the host/guest 
identities. To ensure privacy and keep gas costs at a minimum, reviews are encrypted and 
stored off-chain with only a hash of the review being posted on the blockchain. This ensures 
immutability and prevents post-hoc modification of any review. 
 

Before being posted, the reviews go through a filter that uses ML and pattern detection to flag 
profanity or racist reviews. In those cases the reviews will not be posted, and the reviewer’s 
reputation score gets a bump down. In extreme cases, the reviewer will get banned from 
using Beenest. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

1 ​https://cdn.ca9.uscourts.gov/datastore/opinions/2014/09/02/11-17676.pdf 
2 ​https://www.tnooz.com/article/airbnb-as-an-easy-target-curious-tale-of-disappearing-negative-review/ 
  ​https://www.airbnbhell.com/airbnb-deletes-negative-reviews/ 
  ​http://thebnblife.com/why-are-there-so-few-bad-reviews-in-airbnb/ 
 

 
 
 
 

https://www.courtlistener.com/opinion/2723330/boris-levitt-v-yelp-inc/
https://www.courtlistener.com/opinion/2723330/boris-levitt-v-yelp-inc/
https://cdn.ca9.uscourts.gov/datastore/opinions/2014/09/02/11-17676.pdf
https://www.tnooz.com/article/airbnb-as-an-easy-target-curious-tale-of-disappearing-negative-review/
https://www.airbnbhell.com/airbnb-deletes-negative-reviews/
http://thebnblife.com/why-are-there-so-few-bad-reviews-in-airbnb/


 

 

Bee Protocols (P-A-R) 
P​ayment-​A​rbitration-​R​eputation 
 
While the Ethereum platform is still in its infancy, new second layer protocols are pushing it to 
become more suitable for building complex sharing economy applications like Beenest. The 
Bee Protocols will greatly benefit Ethereum by providing solutions for trustless decentralized 
payments and the inherent problems of any network: conflicts and malicious users.  
 
These protocols are designed so that existing centralized sharing economy applications like 
Couchsurfing or Airbnb can hook into our protocols to tokenize their offerings if they choose -- 
giving them access to a larger and untapped market of crypto-enthusiasts. These three 
protocols can be remembered by the acronym “P-A-R”: Payment, Arbitration, and Reputation.  
 

1. Payment Protocol​ - send and receive tokens held until fulfillment of service 
2. Arbitration Protocol​ - solve disputes through trustless voting 
3. Reputation Protocol​ - manage reputation scores for all P2P entities 

 
 

The 3 Bee Protocols are mutually beneficial and thus follow Metcalfe’s Law. Metcalfe’s law 
states that a network increases its value and utility as the number of  shared nodes in the 
network increases. Given that the P-A-R Protocols are meant to be used as a bundle, the value 
of all the protocols increases quadratically with the number of dApps built on top of them, the 
same way Ethereum value increases as the number of shared protocols increase. 

 
Metcalfe’s Law: 

V ∝ N² 
● V: Value/Utility of a network 
● N: Total # of dApps/users using 1 protocol 

 

V = ∑ Vᵢ ∝ ( ∑ Nᵢ )² 
● Value of individual protocol = square sum of all dApps/users 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
Benefits of using the BEE P-A-R Protocols as a bundle: 
 

● Faster Development Cycle - ​Companies will be able to increase efficiency and launch 
products faster, pre-empting competition and increasing market share.  

● Reduced Integration Costs - ​By bundling our 3rd party integrations into our protocols, 
developers reduce integration time while getting extensive functionality.  

● Faster Network Bootstrapping - ​Using the Bee Protocols means having access to 
users, their payment history, arbitration history, and reputation scores across all dApps 
built on the Ethereum platform. This helps companies determine who are the good 
actors, overcoming the "cold start" problem when bootstrapping a new network. 

 
 

 
 
 
 



 

The Bee P-A-R Protocols follow the best engineering practices that ensure they are generic, 
cost efficient, and seamless: 
 

● Generic​ - The Bee protocols are designed to be useful and reusable in order to be 
interpolated for further sharing economy and marketplace dApps such as rentals, 
ridesharing, and e-commerce. 

● Cost Efficient​ - Protocols need to be cost efficient by optimizing the use of gas. In 
addition, dApps should be given the option to utilize cheaper alternatives for expensive 
on-chain transactions, by offloading heavy and complex computations to traditional 
cloud-based solutions. This introduces centralization and is a reasonable stopgap 
solution while looking for a long term scalable blockchain solution. 

● Seamless​ - We believe that early dApps need to be usable by the general population 
through a seamless user experience that handles Ethereum’s current and future 
limitations while masking the overall complexity of the blockchain. 

 

All Bee code is public and open source to allow improvements, but also to define a set of best 
practices to inspire a future generation of sharing economy dApps to emerge: a decentralized 
Craigslist, eBay, Uber, and more that we haven’t dreamed of yet. 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 



 

Beenest is built on top of the pillars of the Bee protocols and other existing second layer 
Ethereum protocols. An early implementation of an Ethereum dApp must understand the 
limitations of Ethereum so it properly switches between on-chain/off-chain use of the 
blockchain. 
In addition to the Bee Protocols, we are going to be partnering with other strategic protocols: 
 

1. Conversions -​ Flexible pay-in and pay-out conversion between BEE, BTC, ETH, and fiat. 
2. KYC & Identity -​ It’s important that all users of Beenest go through identity verification. 
3. Marketplace -​ Integrating with strategic marketplace protocols would allow for 

decentralized listings and bookings. 
4. Auditing -​ All of our smart contracts and protocols will be audited by 3rd parties. 

 
 
We now go into more details of each of the Bee P-A-R Protocols. 
 

I. Payment 
Payment lives at the core of the Bee Protocols and allows demand-entities to pay 
supply-entities after the supply entity delivers the proper goods or services to the demand 
entity, or after some predefined time in the future. 
 
Beenest uses the Bee payment protocol to allow guests to pay hosts for bookings. Both guests 
and hosts send Bee tokens to the payment smart contract. When the booking checkout date 
passes, and no conflicts arise, the contract dispatches the tokens to the appropriate 
addresses. In case of a conflict, the entire sum of tokens gets held in a third arbitration address 
that the dApp provides. In case of cancellation after the determined cancellation cut-off time, a 
fee will be moved from the canceling entity to the other entity.  
 

If a host cancels a day before the booking, they lose their cancellation tokens, and the guest 
takes them. This is unlike other platforms that do not pay the guests in case of cancellation. On 
these platforms, this no-fault cancellation serves only to punish guests. 

 
The payment contract keeps track of all the payments in progress (keyed by a payment ID), as 
well as any payments that went to arbitration. Once the dispatch is done, the payment contract 
will drop the in-progress payment. Similarly, it will drop the arbitration payments once the 
arbitration protocol signals to the payment protocol that it is done. 
 
 

 
 
 
 



 

II. Arbitration 
Every system of payment that requires trust (i.e. exchange of physical goods and services) 
needs a third party to mitigate misbehavior. The arbitration protocol acts as the hub for 
dispute resolution. Participants stake BEE tokens to the arbitration protocol contract in order 
to participate in the arbitration network. The stake amount is based on the current USD value 
of BEE and corresponding absentee rates aimed at maintaining an arbiter absentee rate of 
<5%. 
 
Stakes from each participant ensures: 

● A potential reward for arbiters that participate in arbitration. This will encourage an 
active pool of arbiters to contribute to the arbitration system 

● A punishment for arbiters who fail to render a timely decision 
● Supply and demand entities do not request arbitration frivolously 

 
Arbitration begins when a dispute arises and the payment contract sends its funds to 
arbitration. Supply and demand entities must stake a flat arbitration fee to create an 
arbitration contract. 
 
Arbiters can signup on Beenest to join the arbiter pool by staking tokens to the arbitration 
protocol. All arbiters have reputation scores that fluctuate based on decisions made. When a 
dispute is initiated, a panel of at least 5 arbiters will be selected from the arbiter pool. The 
likelihood that an individual arbiter is selected to join an arbitration panel is calculated using 
the following formula: 
 

(# of Bee Tokens staked by arbiter / total # of Bee Tokens staked by all arbiters) * 

( (1 - arbiter appeals rate) / (1 - average arbiter appeals rate) ) 

 
● Number of Bee Tokens staked by arbiter​: indicates the commitment level of arbiters 

to ensure a timely decision. Higher numbers increase the probability of the arbiter to 
be selected in arbitration cases, or conversely, determines the consequence if an 
arbiter fails to render a decision.  
These tokens are returned after arbitration is over. If an arbiter fails to make a timely 
decision, the staked tokens will be sent to the Bee token reserve. 

 
● Arbiter appeals rate​: the rate in which the arbiter’s decision resulted in the 

dissatisfaction of one or both parties. Beenest aims to provide a platform where both 
parties have the opportunity to have their voices heard which renders a fairer decision.  
The appeal rate ensures that arbiters who consistently provide inadequate decisions 
are penalized and removed from the arbitration system. To account for arbiters that 

 
 
 
 



 

have a lack of history on the platform, new arbiters are randomly selected for 10 cases 
until a history is built to indicate the quality of their decisions. 

 
Arbiters are not penalized for incorrect decisions. They only lose their stake if they fail to 
render a decision within a time limit. Arbiters vote on a scale from 1-5 specifying the 
percentage (corresponding to 0%, 25%, 50%, 75%, 100%, respectively) of the disputed amount 
the plaintiff should be paid. Once a decision is made, the contract gives an aggregate of the 
majority voters’ reward offering to the winning party, and the rest goes to the losing party. 
Either party will have a chance to appeal, halting payments and restarting the process, but will 
have to stake a larger amount (at least 2x) to compensate arbiters and prevent frivolous appeal 
by the losing party.  
 
The final verdict will be the median dispute amount of the arbiter vote. In addition to an 
amount, arbiters must leave feedback that leads to their decision. This is to ensure that the 
plaintiff has a clear idea of the thought process that leads up to that decision. If enough 
arbiters fail to provide an adequate decision leading up to their decision, the plaintiff will have 
the right to appeal. If this happens the appeal rate for each arbiter that failed to render an 
adequate decision will go up, hurting their chances to participate in future jurisdiction. 
 
All parties are paid once the dispute is resolved. Participating arbiters are paid at a market rate 
aimed at ensuring a timely allocation of arbiters (e.g. Uber surge pricing). . All arbiter’s stakes 
then automatically re-enter the arbitration pool, and the arbiters’ once again become eligible to 
judge a future dispute. 
 

 
 
 
 



 

 

III. Reputation 
The reputation protocol computes and maintains reputation scores of verified entities, globally 
on the Ethereum blockchain. Any existing and upcoming sharing economy dApps can fetch the 
reputation of any entity, with a short breakdown on how the score was calculated. As an 
analogy, the reputation score is similar to credit score, and fetching the reputation score is 
similar to a credit pull. Unlike credit scores, the reputation score is backed by transparent 
algorithms defined in smart contracts and accessible to the masses. 
 
A reputation score is an integer between 0 and 100, that number being the average of multiple 
reputation scores. The protocol keeps track of reputation score for the entity, and is able to 
continuously update that score in multiple marketplaces for multiple uses. 
 
For example, Joe has a reputation score of 70 with the following breakdown: 

● Score as a guest: 70 
● Score as a host: 80 
● Score as an arbiter: 60 
● Score as a seller: 75 
● Score as a buyer: 65 

 

 
 
 
 



 

Beenest updates the reputation score based on how hosts and guests act on the platform. 
Good hosts with high reviews and no cancellations have higher scores than those with lower 
reviews and  many cancellations. In addition to the score, Beenest also adds a hash of the 
review provided for guest and host entities as explanation whenever the reputation score is 
updated. For example, a host getting a 5-star review gets a bump in their reputation score. 
Beenest can use the reputation score later on to determine the order by which listings display 
in search results, i.e. hosts with highest reputation scores can have their rental bumped to the 
top of the search results 
 
In addition to hosts/guests, the Bee arbitration protocol also updates reputation score of 
arbiters. 
 

Cryptoeconomics 
 
The Bee token is used within the Bee network to incentivize good behavior and punish 
malicious behavior. This creates network effects by aligning token holders’ goals and attracting 
early adopters through referrals. Token holders also have decentralized governance over the 
protocols, allowing for continuous deployments of backward-compatible improvements to the 
ecosystem. 

Token Holders Incentives 
The following stakeholders (hosts & property managers, guests, arbiters, and 3rd party 
developers) in the Bee ecosystem are incentivized to use BEE for the following reasons: 

I. Hosts & Property Managers 
● Increased Revenue: 

○ Payment Protocol - ​Hosts and property managers profit more per booking on 
Beenest as opposed to Airbnb which averages ~20% commission. On average, a 
host getting booked for 5 nights at $200/night will end up earning $1000 on 
Beenest compared to $800 on Airbnb. This can result in up to $15,000 of 
missed earning per year. 

 

II. Guests 
● Increased Value: 

○ Network Effects - ​As more guests use the platform, the increased transaction 
volume creates network effects thus naturally increasing the value and 

 
 
 
 



 

usefulness of the Beenest platform. This will benefit the guests by enabling them 
to book more properties using the same amount of utility tokens.  

● Decreased Costs: 
○ Payment Protocol - ​Because hosts and property managers will not be charged 

commission fees, they will be able to decrease rates per night for guests while 
achieving similar profit margins. Guests will benefit by experiencing lower costs 
while traveling.  

○ Reputation Protocol - ​If guests have better reputation scores, they do not 
require a high security deposit.  

● Time Savings:  
○ Arbitration Protocol - ​Guests will no longer have to wait long periods of time 

for their canceled bookings to be refunded to them. With our arbitration 
protocol, refunds are guaranteed to be processed in a timely manner. 

III. Arbiters 
● Increased Value:  

○ Arbitration Protocol - ​Arbiters can acquire extra tokens by participating in 
arbitration cases; the more Bee tokens staked, the greater the expected return. 

 

IV. Third Party Developers 
● Increased Revenue: 

○ Protocols​ - Teams can quickly build applications around the sharing economy 
using Bee Protocols and gain greater market share than competitors who would 
spend more time developing their product from scratch. 

● Decreased Costs: 
○ Protocols ​- Teams do not need to hire solidity / Ethereum developers who will 

have to write smart contracts (Ethereum developers on average are paid 1.5X 
more than regular full-stack developers) 

● Time Savings:  
○ Protocols ​- Do not need to create and audit smart contracts from scratch and 

worry about the security of smart contracts.  
 
 
In addition, Beenest plans to implement a referral program to incentivize user acquisition of 
hosts, guests, and arbiters. Users referring hosts who post a listing that results in a booking will 
receive BEE tokens. 
 

 
 
 
 



 

Token Value 
As the number of users (guests, hosts, 3rd party devs, arbiters) increases so does the 
transaction volume, which increases the amount of staked tokens in the protocols. This means 
the number of Bee tokens in circulation (not staked in the protocols) goes down with user 
adoption, which decreases the total supply. 
 

1. Number of Payments:​ throughout any booking on our platform, a certain amount of 
Bee tokens (booking cost, security deposit, cancellation fees) is held in the payment 
protocol until the checkout date. 

2. Number of Arbitration Cases:​ arbiters stake more tokens to be picked more often 
for judging by the arbitration protocol. 

3. Reputation Score Compensation:​ users with poor or no reputation can build trust 
with other users by staking tokens on their transactions. 

4. Sponsored Listings​: we’ll allow hosts with high reputation to promote their listings for 
a fee in BEE. 

 
 

V(token) ∝ ( ∑ N(users) )² 

 
 

Why Tokenize 
The Bee Token acts as fuel for the 3 Bee Protocols. These protocols benefit from a distributed 
database, where rules for governing participants are not uniform and rules for transactions 
don’t change frequently.  
 

Creating an in-house Bee Token that interacts with the Beenest platform allows the network to 
have aligned goals and incentives, prepares a platform to be agnostic to a singular 
cryptocurrency or digital token, and allows better management of the side chain. 

 
1. Aligned Goals and Incentives - ​Using ETH directly would align participants in the 

Ethereum network on the value of smart contracts, rather than the value of a sharing 
economy, which we achieve by having BEE.  

2. Platform Agnostic - ​Beenest believes in the potential of blockchain technology and 
cryptocurrency. By creating the Bee Token, Beenest is created on an infrastructure that 
allows it to be flexible in the future of cryptocurrency or digital tokens whether that 

 
 
 
 



 

means the continuing growth of Ethereum or an introduction of the latest 
cryptocurrency. 

3. Side Chain Management - ​Sidechaining is a mechanism that allows tokens from one 
blockchain to be securely used within a completely separate blockchain but moved 
back to the original chain if necessary.  
Due to the changing economics of cryptocurrency, side chain allows a better economic 
management of our platform. Bee Token can focus on providing greater value to its 
participants in terms of user experience rather than the changing nature of a 
cryptocurrency. 
 

 

Summary 
In summary, the Bee Token takes advantage of the changing behaviors of millennials and the 
recent popularity of cryptocurrencies and also the inherent misalignment of incentives that 
existing centralized sharing economies create. Our three protocols, the “​P-A-R​” protocols 
(​P​ayment, ​A​rbitration, and ​R​eputation protocols) used in tandem will help dApps and 3rd 
parties to increase revenues, decrease costs, and save time. All in all, the Bee Token seeks to 
eliminate inefficiencies through the power of smart contracts, which enables organizations to 
operate with a completely new business model that distributes value to all supporters in a 
more equitable fashion. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 



 

Appendix 

A. Anticipated Timeline 
Q3-Q4 2017 

● Whitepaper release 
● R&D for Beenest architecture and Bee Protocol specs 
● Alpha prototype launch on testnet 
● Partner with auditing firms to audit our contracts 
● Finalize partnerships with listing providers in San Francisco 

 
Q1-Q2 2018 

● MVP launch in San Francisco focusing on crypto community and hacker houses 
● Beenest integrates with a third party identity verification and KYC platform 
● Beenest supports payment and payout options in BEE tokens only 
● Bee Protocols launch on testnet and audited by 3rd parties 

 
Q3-Q4 2018 

● Further expansion of hosts and guests in San Francisco with more A/B testing 
● Expand the arbiter pool with arbiters from all over the world 
● Bee Protocols go live on ethereum mainnet, and starts integration with 2-5 dApps 
● Launch iOS and Android Apps 
● Beenest integrates with a third party decentralized KYC protocol 
● Beenest integrates with a third party currency conversion protocols to allow payment 

and payout in ETH and all ERC20 Tokens, as well as BTC and fiat 
● Beenest integrates with a third party marketplace protocol to allow decentralized 

listings 
 
2019 

● Beenest further expands to 2-5 more US cities 
● Facilitate integration of 5-10 sharing economy dApps with Bee Protocols 
● Implement governance model for future protocol improvements 
● Beta test more automation features (e.g. smart contract-driven Lockbox) 

 
2020+ 

● Beenest further expands in key cities worldwide 
● Bee Protocols supports a wide range of  sharing economy dApps on the Ethereum 

blockchain 
 
 

 
 
 
 



 

B. Token Sale 
Total Supply: 500 million Bee Tokens 
Target Sale Amount: $15M 
 
 

 
The Bee Token team will be on a 2-year vesting schedule. The team will receive ¼ of their 
allocation 6 months after the end of the Public Sale. Every month thereafter, the team will 
receive 1/24 of their allocation until the 2-year vesting schedule is finished. 
 
No one is exempt from this vesting schedule including cofounders and advisors. For 
information on Presale, join our Telegram channel: ​https://t.me/beetoken 
 
Below is the breakdown of the funds after the token sale. 
 

 

 
 
 
 

https://t.me/beetoken


 

C. Team 
The team is composed of former engineers and product managers from Google, Facebook, Uber, and 
Civic. We bring years of experience in software engineering, entrepreneurship, and business 
development across many industries. 
 
Jonathan Chou​ - Co-Founder & CEO 
Jonathan is a serial entrepreneur, helping out with family businesses since the age of 15 that were 
eventually sold to Sun Chemical and 3M. Most recently, Jonathan was a lead at Uber, Security & Fraud 
division, managing device tampering and preventing account takeovers. Previous to Uber, Jonathan 
worked at multiple early-stage startups that eventually exited such as Grindr and Dongwei. Jonathan has 
been passionate about cryptocurrency since 2012 and has a strong interest in applications of 
technology involving the real-world such as Airbnb and Uber. 
 
Tony Tran​ - Co-Founder & CTO 
Tony is an expert in Machine Learning and Software Development with over a decade worth of work 
experience. At Uber, Tony helped lead and develop product features and Machine Learning models to 
prevent fraud. In addition, Tony was an early Engineer at Bizo (acquired by LinkedIn) where he helped 
design systems to optimize ad targeting. Furthermore, Tony is the founder of the San Francisco Bay Area 
Machine Learning meetup group. 
 
Ali Ayyash​ - Co-Founder & Lead Engineer 
Ali Ayyash is a technologist with 5+ years of experience architecting and building wide range of software 
running on phones, cars, and cloud. In the last 2 years, Ali led critical initiatives at Google Cloud to scale 
ever growing clients like Snapchat and Pokemon Go. Prior to that, he spent over 3 years as a tech lead at 
Amazon building high throughput scalable AWS services, while leading a diverse group of engineers in 
multiple countries. Ali is also an enthusiastic mentor and tutor and has given several tech talks on 
Android, IoT, Distributed Systems, A.I. and lately Ethereum Blockchain. 
 
Min H. Kim​ - Co-Founder & Head of Business Development 
Min is a prominent blockchain advisor to several startups such as Quantstamp, and WeTrust. Min was 
previously Chief of Staff at Civic Technologies and also worked in Marketing & Partnership at Draper 
University with Tim Draper. Previously, she spent time as a Venture Capital analyst. Min runs 
blockchain-related events in SF in her free time and is a Dartmouth College graduate. 
 
Jordan Ong​ - Head of Product 
Jordan is a seasoned product manager with 7+ years of experience working at Facebook. He has 
extensive experience in data analytics, growth marketing, and product marketing. Throughout his career, 
he led top engineering teams, building an array of world-class products across enterprise, sales, and 
payments. 
 
David Peterson​ - Head of Marketing 
David is an experienced marketer with 8+ years of experience. David sold his first website at 19 and is 
currently the owner of ​ShutUpAndTakeMyMoney​ which has done $10M+ in sales over 4 years, in 
addition to over a million followers on social media. 

 
 
 
 

http://shutupandtakemymoney.com/


 

 
Coco Liu​ - Lead Designer 
Coco is a Designer with experiences working in both startups and corporates in many realms of design 
ranging from branding and product marketing to user experience. With strong visual design instincts 
coupled with business acumen, she has designed web experiences (for Left Field Labs embedded within 
Google) as well as online & offline marketing initiatives across mediums for a variety of interesting 
products. She continues to innovate and utilizes user-centric design thinking that transforms 
experiences. 
 
Rob Peterson​ - Smart Contract Engineer 
Rob is a formally trained Mathematician with professional software development experience. He was a 
co-founder of The Taste Institute where he developed consumer and product targeting algorithms. In 
addition, Rob was a Software Engineer at ShutUpAndTakeMyMoney where he developed their search 
and recommendation system. Rob holds degrees in both Mathematics and Economics, specializing in 
Game Theory. He has been a blockchain enthusiast since 2012, and in his spare time, he likes to teach 
people how to write smart contracts. 
 
Michael Pak​ - Technical Project Manager 
Pak is a graduate of UC Berkeley Haas with extensive experience in business and technology. Upon 
graduation, he was a technology investment banking analyst for a leading IoT & semiconductor 
investment bank for 2 years. Realizing the potential of blockchain technology and cryptocurrency, he 
made the leap to software engineering with focus on full-stack web development. Raised in a family with 
extensive real estate experience, he’s excited to revolutionize short-term housing rentals on the 
blockchain. 
 

D. Advisors 
Our advisors are industry leading experts within the blockchain and cryptocurrency space.  
 
Richard Ma - ​Co-founder and CEO @ Quantstamp 
 
Yiseul Cho - ​Partner @ Blockchain Partners Korea 
 
Miko Matsumura - ​Co-founder @ Evercoin 
 
Kevin Zhou - ​Co-founder @ Galois Capital 
 
Richard Li - ​Co-founder @ AlphaBlock Investments 
 
Anastasia Andrianova - ​Co-founder @ Apiro Capital 
 
 

 
 
 
 



 

E. User Acquisition Strategy 
 
1. Official Cryptocurrency Housing Sponsor 
 
Beenest’s initial market segment is the cryptocommunity. We will target conferences and 
events targeting this demographic by sponsoring and engaging in post-conference networking. 
 
This is a quick way to bootstrap our initial network and capitalize on brand recognition as the 
main home sharing platform on the blockchain. 
 
2. Referral Program 
 
Positive word-of-mouth is the lowest cost and most effective way to generate brand 
awareness, new leads, and immediate sales. 
 
Beenest plans to implement a referral program to incentivize user acquisition of both hosts 
and guests. Users referring hosts who post a listing that results in a booking will receive BEE 
tokens. Likewise, users referring guests that result in a booking will also receive BEE tokens.  
 
3. Ambassador Program 
 
Ambassadors are liaisons between a company and the community. They serve as the voice 
representing the vision of Bee Token. 
 
Communities are becoming increasingly interested  in blockchain technology and smart 
contracts. Beenest plans to onboard Beenest Ambassadors who are excited about the 
potential of a decentralized home-sharing platform. By promoting events, organizing 
hackathons, and volunteering for campaigns, we believe that the ambassador program will be 
pivotal in order to grow our developer’s community. 
 
Beenest Ambassadors handle: 

- Planning and hosting Bee/Crypto events/meetups 
- Developing marketing and outreach programs 
- Collecting feedback and sharing ideas to further promote the Bee Protocols and 

possible use-case applications 
 
In addition, Beenest Ambassadors are able to obtain tokens through their contributions that 
further incentivizes them to promote the company and its platform. Lastly, with the rollout of a 
referral program, Beenest sees the potential of creating a self-reinforcing feedback loop that 
generates more users and awareness for the company and its platform. 

 
 
 
 



 

F. Market Growth 
As of 2017, the short-term housing 
market only consists of centralized 
home sharing platforms lead by Airbnb, 
HomeAway, and etc. Most operate 
under a similar business model with 
slight nuances such as country of focus, 
target audience, or rental time frame. 
Based upon market research and 
product fit, the Beenest’s most 
comparable direct competitor is Airbnb. 
 
Global short-term rentals are properties 
that are either currently available or will 
be available to host and rent to 
travellers and tourists. The global 
short-term rental market is projected to 
grow at a CAGR of 7% from 
approximately $147B in 2017 to $207B 
in 2022. 
 
Applicable short-term rentals are 
properties that are either currently used 
or will be used to host and rent to 
travellers and tourists. All such rental 
properties are what make up the Airbnb 
ecosystem.  
 
Based on publicly available Airbnb data, 
we modeled out the growth of the 
applicable short-term rental market and 
expect this market to grow from 
approximately $25B in 2017 to $82B in 
2022.  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 



 

G. Conflict Resolution Use Cases 
 
Case 1: Without Arbitration 

● Upon the conclusion of a stay, guests and hosts have the ability to communicate 
between each other. If there is a dispute they can discuss and agree upon a resolution 
sensible to both parties. 

● An option that allows the transfer of partial or all of the security deposit is available to 
resolve any issues 

○ Guest will have the option to release part or all of the rental amount to the Host 
○ Host will have the option to release part or all of the security deposit to the 

Guest 
○ When both parties have stated the amounts to be released from the payment 

protocol, they must both confirm the agreement for funds to be released. 
● Upon the conclusion of the Smart Contract, the dispute is closed and the option to 

review is available for both parties 
 
Case 2: With Arbitration 

● Within a 1 week window (or a reasonable timeframe), either party has the ability to file a 
dispute and escalate to arbitration 

● To present a valid and strong case, the escalating party must include the following: 
○ Description of unpleasant/wrongful experience 
○ Evidence to support claim (pictures, videos, ...) 
○ Cost of Arbitration 

● The other party has 3 days to present their case 
● The amount in contention is the collective sum of the security deposit between the 

Host and the Guest.  
● Upon the conclusion of a dispute, the losing party has a 72 hour window to appeal, but 

must stake a larger amount of tokens 
 
Case 3: Extreme Cases 
 
Extreme cases of damage are rare, nevertheless, Beenest promotes the peace of mind and 
well-being of hosts to ensure a seamless and pleasant experience. In extreme cases, hosts 
should go through arbitration, then file a claim with Beenest for damages in excess of the 
security amount providing the following documents: 

a. A police report 
b. Personal liability insurance 
c. Any additional description, pictures, … 

 
In which case, Beenest will have a specialized team of conflict resolution experts to ensure the 
conclusion of a dispute. 

 
 
 
 



 

H. Protocol Specs 
Payment 
We define the following payment structure that holds all the above information: 

Name  Type  Description 

paymentHash bytes32 [Required] A Keccak256 hash of all present fields. Uniquely 
identifies 1 payment. 

supplyEntityAddress address [Required] Address that the supply entity will send/receive 
tokens from/to. 

demandEntityAddress address [Required] Address that the demand entity will send/receive 
tokens from/to. 

arbitrationAddress address [Required] The address to move all the tokens corresponding to 
the transaction for arbitration, in case of a dispute. 

cost uint256 [Required] The cost of the good or service in BEE tokens 
(multiplied by 10^18). 

securityDeposit uint256 [Optional] Applies mostly for services. If a security deposit is 
not needed, default to 0. Otherwise specify the number of tokens 
to be held as a deposit until the dispatch time, or a dispute. 

demandCancellationFee uint256 [Optional] Number of BEE tokens to be deducted from the demand 
address, and added to the supply address in case of cancellation 
before the provided cancellation time. 

demandCancelByTimeInS uint256 [Optional] Cut-off time (POSIX time in seconds) for free 
cancellations. If the demand entity cancels after this time, 
they will be charged the provided cancellation fee. 

supplyCancellationFee uint256 [Optional] Number of BEE tokens to be deducted from the supply 
address, and added to the demand address in case of cancellation 
before the provided cancellation time. 

supplyCancelByTimeInS uint256 [Optional] Cut-off time (POSIX time in seconds) for free 
cancellations. If the supply entity cancels after this time, 
they will be charged the provided cancellation fee. 

paymentDispatchTimeInS uint256 [Recommended] The future time (POSIX time in seconds) in which 
the contract dispatches the tokens to the supply entity, and 
returns any deposits/fees. Instantaneous dispatch time is highly 
discouraged. 

 
Interface 
 

Function  Description 

initPayment Bootstraps a new payment with the data from the Payment structure above. 
Adds a new mapping from paymentHash to amount of tokens to be held. 

cancelPayment To be called when either the supply entity or the demand entity decides to 
cancel payment. 

pay To be called by both supply and demand entities to pay the contract. All 
tokens sent are held until the dispatch time, or a dispute arises. 

 
 
 
 



 

disputePayment To be called in case of a conflict. Moves the inProgress payment to 
inArbitration, and moves all the tokens into the provided arbitration 
account. 

getPaymentStatus Returns the status of the payment. Something along the lines of: 
PENDING_DISPATCH_TIME, PENDING_PAYMENT, IN_ARBITRATION, COMPLETED. 

 
Beenest workflow 

1. When a booking is initiated from the Beenest web app, the Beenest dApp initializes the 
payment, passing all the following fields in: 

a. The addresses of host, guest and arbitration account 
b. The total booking cost for all the nights 
c. Security deposits and cancellation fees 
d. The dispatch time is going to be the checkout time + 72 hours (to leave time for 

hosts to check for any issues) 
2. Beenest then waits until the guest and the host send the tokens from the addresses 

they initialized above: 
a. Guest pays all the booking fees + security deposit + cancellation fee + insurance 
b. Host pays the cancellation fee 

3. The payment contract checks to see that the required amount has been met, and 
updates the status of the payment to PENDING_DISPATCH_TIME 

a. In case of a dispute: the payment contract transfer all the tokens to an 
arbitration account 

b. In case the dispatch time is hit (guest checkout time + 72 hours), the hosts and 
guests get paid 

i. Guest gets back security deposit + cancellation fee 
ii. Host gets booking amount + cancellation fee 

 
 

Arbitration 
The following is the struct for arbiter: 

Name  Type  Description 

arbiterAddress address Arbiter’s address. 

stakedAmount bytes32 The amount that the arbiter wishes to stake.  

marketplace address Contract address of whitelisted marketplace. Required to update 
specific marketplace reputation. (Also useful to select for 
specific types of arbitration)  

reputationScore bytes32 The reputation score (specific score for arbitration). 

appealsRate bytes32 Percentage of judgements repealed (0-100). 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 



 

Interface 
 

Function  Description 

raiseDispute Triggered by someone using Bee payment protocol. 

stake Potential arbiters stake tokens for the chance to participate in 
arbitration. 

vote Arbiters vote on a 1-5 scale in favor of plaintiff. 

appeal Restarts the process and adds changes state. 

appearInCourt Arbiters chosen for a particular dispute will need to respond within a 
specified timeframe, or will lose their stake.  

 
Beenest workflow 

1. Upon completion of a payment contract, if either party is unhappy with their rental 
agreement, all funds from the payment contract are sent to arbitration. Beenest dApp 
will handle interfacing with both the payment and arbitration protocols. 

2. One or both parties must then stake a flat arbitration fee in order to pay arbiters to 
judge the dispute. Again Beenest handles interfacing with the arbitration protocol. 

3. Once arbiters are chosen, the guest and host must submit their claims and evidence. 
4. Arbiters then make a decision and the dispute amount is allocated based off an 

aggregate of the majority decision.  
5. Guests and hosts have another chance to challenge the dispute, but are required to 

re-stake tokens to pay arbiters. Then the workflow follows 2-4 above.  
6. All parties are paid after arbitration is finalized.  

 
 
Reputation 
Interface 
 

Function  Description 

updateReputationScore Takes an address for a smart contract specifying an algorithm to compute a 
new score, and generates a new global reputation score as a weighted 
average of the existing scores/algorithms. 

pullReputationScore Returns the reputation score (an integer between 0 and 100), with a short 
breakdown of how it was computed. 

 
 
Beenest workflow 

1. Beenest has a few signals that fire when the reputation needs to be bumped up or 
down. For instance reputation changes whenever the user provides personal 
information, books a place, creates a listing, gets reviewed (good or bad) or gives 

 
 
 
 



 

reviews (good or bad). For each of these signals Beenest will send a message to the 
reputation protocol to update the score. 

2. Beenest also would do a periodic reputation score pull to allow users to do certain 
functions like adding a new listing, or sending a big payment. As reputation score 
shouldn’t significantly change overnight, Beenest will cache the score daily. 

 

I. Useful Links 
● Website: ​thebeetoken.com 
● Pitch deck: ​thebeetoken.com/pitchdeck 

 
No representation or warranty is made as to future performance or such forward-looking                         
statements.  

 
 
 
 

http://thebeetoken.com/
http://thebeetoken.com/pitchdeck

