



































Tokia whitepaper.pages


!1

 

Forever Free  
Cryptocurrency Exchange

Whitepaper



Notice 
If you are not sure about joining into the following Initial Coin Offering (ICO), please consult 
with professional advisers in the fields of legal, tax and financial. 

Legal disclaimer 
Purpose 

The purpose of this White Paper is to present TOKIA and the TKA token to potential token 
holders in connection with the proposed ICO. The information set forth below may not be 
exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. Its sole purpose is 
to provide relevant and reasonable information to potential token holders in order for them 
to determine whether to undertake a thorough analysis of the company with the intent of 
acquiring TKA Tokens. Nothing in this White Paper shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus 
of any sort or a solicitation for investment, nor does it in any way pertain to an offering or a 
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction. 

This document is not composed in accordance with, and is not subject to, laws or regulations 
of any jurisdiction, which are designed to protect investors. The product token is not a digital 
currency, security, commodity, or any other kind of financial instrument and has not been 
registered under the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state of the United States or the 
securities laws of any other country, including the securities laws of any jurisdiction in which 
a potential token holder is a resident. 

This English language White Paper is the primary official source of information about TOKIA 
and TKA Tokens. The information contained herein may from time to time be translated into 
other languages or used in the course of written or verbal communications with existing and 
prospective customers, partners etc. In the course of such translation or communication some 
of the information contained herein may be lost, corrupted, or misrepresented. The accuracy of 
such alternative communications cannot be guaranteed. In the event of any conflicts or 
inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official English 
language White Paper, the provisions of this English language original document shall prevail. 

!2



No offer of securities 

TKA tokens cannot be used for any purposes other than as provided in this White Paper, 
including but not limited to, any investment, speculative or other financial purposes. TKA 
Tokens confer no other rights in any form, including but not limited to any ownership, 
distribution (including, but not limited to, profit), redemption, liquidation, property (including 
all forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights, other than those 
specifically set forth below. TKA tokens confer no rights in the company and do not represent 
participation in the company. TKA tokens are sold as a functional utility. 

According to the professional opinion of our legal advisors, based on the Howey Test our 
TOKIA tokens (TKA) should not be deemed as securities and do not need to be registered as a 
securities. TKA tokens are not securities. 

The user acknowledges, understands, and agrees that TOKIA tokens are not securities and are 
not registered with any government entity as a security, and shall not be considered as such. 
The User acknowledges, understands, and agrees that ownership of TOKIA TKA token does not 
grant the User the right to receive profits, income, or other payments or returns arising from 
the acquisition, holding, management or disposal of, the exercise of, the redemption of, or the 
expiry of, any right, interest, title or benefit in the TOKIA or TOKIA platform or any other TOKIA 
property, whole or in part. TKA tokens are not official or legally binding investments of any 
kind.  

Risks and uncertainties 

The TOKIA platform is not yet developed and is subject to further changes, updates, and 
adjustments prior to its launch. Such changes may result in unexpected and unforeseen 
effects on its projected appeal to users, possibly due to the failure to meet users’ preconceived 
expectations based on this White Paper, and hence, impact its success. For the foregoing or 
any other reason, the development of the TOKIA platform and launch of TOKIA future business 
lines may not be completed and there is no assurance that it will be launched at all.  

Additionally, in a down-cycle economic environment, TOKIA may experience the negative 
effects of a slowdown in trading and usage of the TOKIA platform and may delay or cancel 
altogether the structuring and launch of the anticipated TOKIA future business lines.  

Further, should the costs, financial or otherwise, of complying with any newly implemented 
regulations exceed a certain threshold, bearing in mind the fact that it is difficult to predict 

!3



how or whether governments or regulatory authorities may implement any changes to laws 
and regulations affecting future business lines, maintaining the TOKIA platform and 
structuring and launching TOKIA future business lines may no longer be commercially viable, 
and the Company may opt to discontinue the development and operation of TOKIA platform. 

We may not be able to pay any anticipated rewards in the future. There is no assurance that 
there will be sufficient engagement in the TOKIA platform and that you will receive any 
rewards/discounts. The ability of the Company to pay any reward to you will depend on the 
future results of operations and the future business and financial condition of the Company.  

In the case of unforeseen circumstances, the objectives stated in this document may be 
changed.  

Despite the fact that we intend to reach all goals described in this document, all parties 
involved in the purchase of TKA tokens do so at their own risk. 

The funds raised in the ICO are exposed to risks of theft. The Company will make every effort 
to ensure that the funds will be securely held in blockchain wallets. Notwithstanding such 
security measures, there is no assurance that there will be no theft of the cryptocurrencies as 
a result of hacks, sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed denials of service or errors, in the 
smart contract(s) on the Ethereum or any other blockchain, or otherwise. In such event, even if 
the ICO is completed, the Company may not be able to receive the cryptocurrencies raised and 
TOKIA Ltd. may not be able to use such funds for the development of the TOKIA platform. In 
such case, the launch of the TOKIA platform might be temporarily or permanently curtailed.  

No Cancellation and No Refund  

All TKA token orders are deemed firm and final.  The Client acknowledges that they are fully 
aware that they will not be entitled to claim any full or partial reimbursement under any 
circumstances whatsoever. As the sale of the proposed tokens is strictly reserved for 
experienced professional clientele, the Client may not claim any right of return against TOKIA. 

No guarantee on trading  

The Company will use reasonable endeavours to seek the approval for availability of the TKA 
tokens for trading on a cryptocurrency exchange. Furthermore, even if such approval is 
granted by a cryptocurrency exchange, there is no assurance that an active or liquid trading 

!4



market for the TKA tokens will develop, or if developed, will be sustained after the TKA Tokens 
have been made available for trading on such cryptocurrency exchange.  

The Company is not responsible for, nor does it pursue, the circulation and trading of TKA 
Tokens on the market. Trading of TKA tokens will merely depend on the consensus on its value 
between the relevant market participants. 

Note on forward-looking statements 

All claims and statements made in this TOKIA white paper, TOKIA website,  press releases 
made by TOKIA, also any oral statements made by TOKIA team members of agents acting on 
behalf of TOKIA that are not an accomplished fact may represent so called forward-looking 
statements. 

Some of these forward-looking statements may be considered such by containing the 
following terms: “will”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “aim”, “target”, “expect”, ”estimate”, “ envision”, “intend”,  
“project”, “may”, “believe”, “if”,  or any other such terms. Further, the terms listed above are not 
necessary to identify a forward-looking statement. All statements that include, but are not 
limited to any financial projections, estimates, plans or possible trends, risks,  as well as future 
prospects of cryptocurrencies should be considered as forward-looking statements as well. 

These forward-looking statements are not yet accomplished facts and TOKIA does not take 
responsibility and cannot guarantee that the future results will correspond with  above 
mentioned forward-looking statements.  

These forward-looking statements are also provided as-is and TOKIA takes no responsibility 
for updating these forward-looking statements, should any information relevant to the 
pertaining forward-looking statements become available in the future. 

No information contained in this white paper should be considered as a promise,  
representation of commitment or undertaking as to the future performance of the  TOKIA 
platform, TKA token or any other component of the TOKIA ecosystem. 

!5



Table of Contents 
Purpose	 2

No offer of securities	 3

Risks and uncertainties	 3

No Cancellation and No Refund 	 4

No guarantee on trading 	 4

Note on forward-looking statements	 5


1. The Challenges Facing Traditional Financial Markets 9 
1.1 Financial Markets	 10


1.1.1 Cryptocurrencies vs. traditional financial markets	 12

1.1.2 Limited global availability	 13


1.2 The challenges currently facing cryptocurrency exchanges	 14

1.2.1 Insufficient compliance	 14

1.2.2 Isolation from traditional banking	 15

1.2.3 Trading fees	 15


1.3 Issues with cryptocurrency wallets at present	 16

1.3.1 Asset safety	 16


1.4 Liquidity challenges with cryptocurrencies	 16

1.4.1 Limited availability of fiat currencies	 16


2. Introducing TOKIA 17 
2.1 TOKIA’s product vision	 19

2.2 TOKIA Cryptocurrency Exchange	 19


2.2.1 Forever free cryptocurrency exchange	 19

2.2.2 ZERO fees	 19

2.2.3 A wide range of supported altcoins	 20

2.2.4 A wide range of supported fiat currencies	 20


2.3. The TOKIA wallet	 20

2.3.1 Keeping crypto assets safe	 20

2.2.5 A low barrier for crypto purchases	 20

2.2.6 Margin trading loans	 21

2.2.7 Offline cryptocurrency storage	 21


2.4 The TOKIA debit card	 22

2.5 Online customer support	 24

2.6 Knowing your customer and anti money laundering	 24

2.7 Security and audit	 25

2.8 Conclusion	 25


3. TOKIA’s Business Model 27 
3.1. Business model 	 29

3.2. Revenue streams	 29


3.2.1 Exchange fees	 29

3.2.2 Margin trading loan fees	 29

3.2.3 Debit card fees	 29

3.2.4 Future revenue streams	 29


3.3 Potential customers	 30

4. The TOKIA Roadmap 31 
5. The TOKIA ICO 32 

5.1 ICO plan	 33

5.2 TKA Tokens	 34

5.3 TKA Token privileges	 34

5.4 ICO funds usage	 35

5.5 Executed ICO & token sale offered by TOKIA 	 36

!6



A word from the CEO 
We live in a world where the pace of technological advancement has far exceeded anything 
witnessed in recorded human history.   

!7



In 2008,  a major milestone was reached in the development of cryptocurrencies – the 
inception of bitcoin. Yet this also happened to be the very peak of the global financial crisis of 
2007-2009.  

I find this rather telling. Just as the global financial crisis revealed the ugly underbelly of 
traditional banking, with “too big to fail” written all over it, science and tech pioneers were 
bringing into being a new solution. Crypto-currencies have the power to circumvent, and thus 
reduce reliance on, age-old financial system whose complacency has not gone unnoticed. 

In 2011 Mervyn King, then the governor of the Bank of England, recounted a revealing 
exchange he had had with a senior Chinese central banker: “We in China have learned a great 
deal from the West about how competition and a market economy support industrialisation 
and create higher living standards … But I don’t think you’ve quite got the hang of money and 
banking yet”.  

This statement is as true now as it was in 2011.  

TOKIA is not here to fight the “greedy capitalists”.  We’ll leave that to the vocal pundits, who 
tend to make up for in volume what they lack in competence. 

Instead we’re focused on building business models that are economically viable and 
sustainable. These are the key to ensuring the stable and continuous existence of the 
products and services we depend on in our daily lives. This doesn’t mean that we’re afraid to 
call a spade a spade: the existing financial services landscape needs to be challenged because 
it is simply not good enough. 

My team and I believe that now is the ideal time for a product that offers everyday consumers 
a bridge to the economic advantages offered by cryptocurrency, one which is well-developed, 
convenient, and most importantly simple to use. This product is TOKIA. 

Anna Lunhu 
TOKIA Ltd., CEO 

!8



1. The Challenges Facing 
Traditional Financial Markets 

!9



Traditional financial markets are facing challenges on an unprecedented scale. Most are overly 
regulated and too complicated to adapt to new technologies quickly enough. Furthermore, 
existing giants have no incentive to adopt new and - in their eyes - unproven technologies. To 
them the potential gain appears marginal at best, while the level of uncertainty and the 
investments required are substantial. 

The result? More cost effective and efficient ways to deliver everyday services to every corner 
of the world are slow to arrive, if they arrive at all.  

What’s most striking, and regrettable, is that nowhere in this decision making process are the 
needs of users considered. Traditional financial market players prioritise only their own 
potential risks and gains. 

1.1 Financial Markets 

The traditional chain of financial service providers consists of a high number of 
intermediaries. Every middleman has its own cost structures, which means they each charge 
commissions in return for providing the services required.  

These corporations have been using the same operating principles for years. There are two 
reasons for this. On the one hand, the scale and scope of these operations means they are not 
easily changed. On the other hand, maintaining the same traditional business models is 
convenient for these players. Well-established financial corporations use their market 
dominance to ensure their expensive and ineffective operations continue unchallenged. And 
it’s usually their customers who pick up the tab.  

Two major problems arise due to this lack of change:  

• Firstly, important services become expensive for customers, for some user groups 
prohibitively so. 

• Secondly, a limited number of players dominate because it is very complicated for any 
new business to enter the market and become an equal player in the ecosystem. 

Combined, these two problems create a sort of lock-down in the sector. The offerings brought 
by the traditional finance and banking industry fail to serve the needs of a significant part of 
the population.  However, new entrants who could meet these needs by challenging the status 

!10



quo are unable to easily enter the market with new product offerings because the 
intermediaries involved are highly interlinked. 

So where has this lock-down brought us to? An example that highlights the inefficiency and 
expense it causes is international bank wire transfers. Using ordinary banking systems this 
kind of procedure is slow and complicated. What’s more, the cost can easily exceed 10% of the 
amount being transferred, especially with small sums.  

It’s a service that brings few, if any, benefits and a lot frustration. But for many customers, this 
is the only option available. But an alternative is possible. 

With cryptocurrencies and other blockchain based products the story is completely different. 
Critically important is the fact that there are usually no middlemen between the two parties 
making the transaction, just the blockchain itself. This fact brings two major benefits: 

• It takes seconds to perform the transaction, and this time is not affected by how far 
apart the parties are. 

• The cost of the transaction is reduced to just a fraction of a percent of the amount 
being transferred.  

!11



Blockchain based transfers benefit both private users and businesses. For the former, it makes 
it possible to transfer small amounts at a low cost.  For the latter,  they can rely on blockchain 
to execute substantial wire transfers to clients or partners in a fast, reliable manner that is 
also highly cost effective. 

But there’s a problem. At present, cryptocurrencies function fairly well as an asset, but remain 
virtually impossible to use as a means of payment in everyday life: users have to manually sell 
their crypto assets on an exchange, then transfer the resulting amount in traditional currency 
to their bank account. Only when this transfer is completed can they use these funds to make 
purchases. 

TOKIA - bridging the gap 

Can traditional financial players provide the fast, efficient, affordable financial services 
businesses and individuals need? The answer is no. They can simplify their front end 
operations, but the machinery behind it still causes problems because of the way it is 
structured. For example, someone making an international transfer is still charged even if the 
transaction isn’t cleared. To make matters worse, it will probably take a long time for them to 
become aware that the transaction has been declined, an additional headache for both 
businesses and individuals. 

Let’s be clear. Traditional banking has been with us for thousands of years, and has done a 
decent job of stimulating economic growth. But now it is lagging behind. Emerging 
technologies are already there and ready to be adopted, but by failing to do so these 
companies are both depriving their customers of the gains these new technologies bring and 
making themselves vulnerable to competition from new entrants. And these new players don’t 
depend on a long chain of intermediaries to offer their products to the market. 

Blockchain might just be the technology that will change how we perceive 
financial and banking services; completely new ways of adding value to 
customers will emerge. 

1.1.1 Cryptocurrencies vs. traditional financial markets 

Effectively managing assets and providing safety in times of economic decline is vital for any 
financial service provider. For hundreds of years these providers relied on precious metals, 
mostly gold, to preserve the value of assets during economic downturns. It is still widely 

!12



believed that gold can withstand and hedge the risks caused by economic uncertainty and 
political upheaval. 

The major advantage cryptocurrencies have that no other asset class has ever 
had is decentralisation.  

Yet there is a risk inherent in physical asset classes like gold. In times of unrest, these asset 
classes can break down because they are still attached to physical locations like land or bank 
vaults. 

By contrast, cryptocurrencies benefit from being decentralised - they are free from any 
physical location. There are no known ways to stop blockchain based currencies from 
distributing information updates, whatever the political circumstances. This means assets are 
kept safe around the world, around the clock.  

Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are gaining increased interest from investors as their 
immense potential becomes clear. On the one hand, they provide the hedge investors need. 
On the other hand, they’re currently also a great short-term trading resource because of the 
volatility in price. This makes them high-risk, short-term investments with high-yield 
potential, something every trader is looking for. And they have the capability to hedge 
traditional financial derivatives. This unique combination is what makes cryptocurrencies a 
true phenomenon. 

1.1.2 Limited global availability 

One of the clearest limitations of the traditional financial system is its inability to offer 
accessible, reliable and affordable services to people around the world. Almost 3 billion 
people lack access to banks or similar institutions.  

With very complex operations and cost structures burdened by overheads, traditional financial 
service providers put a hefty price tag on inclusion in the global economy.  And the result? 
The poorest in our societies remain poor. Using the current methods employed by traditional 
banks there is simply no way to include them in the global financial system. 

But a potential solution to this problem is now available, and it’s connected to the fact that 
almost half the world now has access to the internet. This is important because access to the 

!13



internet means access to blockchain based financial services, with their much lower costs and 
much greater efficiency. 

Blockchain technology is based on information distribution through the web. This enables 
financial data to be transferred at a tiny fraction of the cost incurred by traditional banks. 
Using Bitcoin then, or any other blockchain based currency, as a means of payment has 
incredible potential in less developed countries.  

In the short term, TOKIA’s strategy is aimed at increasing the adoption of cryptocurrencies by 
utilizing existing payment infrastructure as a stepping stone. This will initially limit our ability 
to penetrate the huge potential market that currently lacks access to traditional banking. 
However, our long term goal remains to overcome this restriction and open up the field of 
global financial and payment services to the next billion potential customers. This will be 
possible when the adoption of cryptocurrencies gains the critical mass required for a native 
crypto-payment industry to become both useful and economically viable. 

1.2 The challenges currently facing cryptocurrency exchanges 

In less than 10 years, blockchain has developed rapidly. New cryptocurrencies have been 
formed and the basic features of the whole infrastructure developed. There is no doubt this 
market has evolved substantially in a very short period of time. Nevertheless, significant 
technical, legal and political obstacles remain which need addressing, with the later two 
especially important. What’s more, because a great number of modern cryptocurrency 
exchanges were created by enthusiasts, only a small number of them have the level of 
technological maturity necessary for keeping assets safe.  

There are also major hurdles in abstracting the complexity of blockchain and cryptocurrency 
technologies and making them accessible for everyday users. 

A final issue is that there are very few convenient integrated products on the market. These 
products are critical as they can become single points of access to the market for someone 
wanting to enter the world of cryptocurrencies. 

1.2.1 Insufficient compliance 

The main issue most countries have with cryptocurrencies is their inability to 
control them. 

!14



Despite their enormous potential, lawmakers and regulators are cautious when it comes to 
cryptocurrencies. One reason is that they are commonly used as a way to generate and 
transfer large sums in the ‘grey zone’ of the internet, thus avoiding taxation. So, to avoid 
complicated legal issues,  authorities are refusing to support cryptocurrencies. 

The knock on effect of this is to make investors cautious of entering this market because of 
concerns over client due diligence, anti-money laundering legislation and other issues 
connected with the pseudonymous nature of cryptocurrencies. 

1.2.2 Isolation from traditional banking 

Another key issue is that cryptocurrency exchanges are only beginning to discover the best 
practice needed to keep their trading infrastructure secure from potential malicious activities. 
As a result, in many exchanges a high degree of technical security breaches are still possible, 
as well as a lack of legal protection of the assets involved. This is one of the main reasons 
why ordinary financial institutions are avoiding blockchain based markets.  

So what are the results? Due to the reasons mentioned above, traditional banking institutions 
don’t accept cryptocurrencies as an asset class,  which means they remain unable to provide 
vital financial services to half of the world’s population. 

1.2.3 Trading fees 

The affect of the current impasse is that sizeable fees remain applicable to both parties in 
cryptocurrency exchange markets. This makes trading costly when it reaches a certain 
threshold.  

At TOKIA, we believe that a blockchain based, well automated exchange should have low 
costs and be affordable to all. 

Once developed, the whole infrastructure is always there. Of course, updates and new 
functions are vital, but the most important factor is the ability to provide a complete set of 
services. This means the cost of these individual functions needs to remain low. 

!15



1.3 Issues with cryptocurrency wallets at present 
1.3.1 Asset safety 

One of the most important issues facing the market is being able to create convenient 
cryptocurrency wallets which are able to keep assets safe.  

Cryptocurrency exchanges hold large amounts of assets, which is both a cause for celebration 
and for concern. These assets need to be secured from hackers, and the more assets there are 
the tougher this becomes. Unfortunately, major breaches on popular exchanges resulting in 
huge loses are all too common.  

1.4 Liquidity challenges with cryptocurrencies 
1.4.1 Limited availability of fiat currencies 

Any exchange can offer USD to Bitcoin conversion. Some are also able to convert to GBD and 
EUR. However, the number of people living in countries where these three currencies are used 
barely reaches 1.5 billion. 

This still leaves around 6 billion potential cryptocurrency users unaccounted for, stifling the 
adoption of Bitcoin. 

!16



2. Introducing TOKIA 

!17



TOKIA is an entirely new generation of cryptocurrency exchange platform.  
To understand what makes it so revolutionary, we need to understand the triangle of 
convenience it is based on. 

TOKIA aims to make Bitcoin payments direct and easy for everyone, everywhere. 

TOKIA will enable users to buy or sell all major cryptocurrencies, and also the world’s most 
widely used fiat currencies, in order to provide them with both high liquidity levels and 
maximum convenience. 

The three components create synergies with each other: Multi-currency blockchain Wallet 
enables users to store and manage all of their crypto assets that get traded on the exchange 
and get spent via the debit card from one convenient location; Direct debit card allows users 
to use virtual currencies in every day life, seamlessly converting their virtual currencies into 
traditional fiat currencies at the moment of payment; while the integration into a Fast and 
reliable exchange enables easy converting between multiple currencies stored in the wallet, 
and offers seamless conversion into traditional fiat currencies. 

This combination enables us to offer features which to our knowledge are not available 
elsewhere, e.g. users will be able to both convert their crypto currencies on the exchange and 

!18

Fast and reliable currency exchange.

Debit card to spend  
your cryptocurrency on the go.

Secure integrated multi-currency 
blockchain wallet.



spend them without having to shuffle between multiple separate wallets, operated by 
multiple separate entities.  

This smart integration of multiple features alleviates the requirement to plan the use of 
crypto currencies in advance and gives the user full flexibility and control as to when, where, 
and how to best use their blockchain based assets. 

2.1 TOKIA’s product vision 

TOKIA has three elements: a wallet, an exchange and a direct crypto payment card. These 
elements interact to simplify all operations and make them more convenient for all 
cryptocurrency conversions. 

By introducing a large variety of fiat currencies, we will ensure that the whole cryptocurrency 
world is spinning faster thanks to the increased liquidity of assets. 

The exchange will also have a built-in cold storage feature, making all you blockchain based 
funds safe yet easy to access. Providing the opportunity to get into blockchain based currency 
is important to ensure the wider spread of this technology, especially in the parts of the world 
where traditional banking systems can’t offer financial services accessible to all. 

With this product, TOKIA is aiming to be a bridge between the traditional payment 
infrastructure and blockchain based assets and currencies. 

2.2 TOKIA Cryptocurrency Exchange 
2.2.1 Forever free cryptocurrency exchange 

To facilitate the conversion between crypto and traditional assets, as well as between 
cryptocurrencies, TOKIA will be offering an exchange platform. 

It will operate on a brokerage principle – TOKIA will act as an exchange agency that executes 
the conversion based on a single aggregated exchange rate, which is based on the prevailing 
rates at global crypto trading platforms. 

2.2.2 ZERO fees 

TOKIA is designed to provide the best terms for exchanging cryptocurrency. 

!19



There will be a threshold of cryptocurrencies you can exchange on the TOKIA platform in one 
month. This threshold is set at up to 10X the amount of TKA tokens you own, with 1 token 
representing $1 worth of exchange transaction performed. Exchanging cryptocurrencies up to 
this monthly threshold will be free for TOKIA token holders. 

2.2.3 A wide range of supported altcoins 

The TOKIA exchange will support conversion to and from a wide range of digital currencies. 
We expect this list to include: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Dash, LiteCoin, Ripple, and other altcoins. 

2.2.4 A wide range of supported fiat currencies 

At TOKIA, we are committed to supporting as many native fiat currencies as is economically 
viable. We want to create the most convenient and accessible cryptocurrency exchange ever. 

In order to reach this level we will be aiming to provide more than 50 fiat currencies which 
can be converted into an ever increasing number of cryptocurrencies. Setting exact dates for 
the availability of each fiat currency will depend on demand from customers across all regions 
and the pace at which we are able to put in place the required banking infrastructure. 

Our vision is simple: to give TOKIA users the ability to exchange and pay in as many fiat  
currencies as there is a viable market demand for. 

2.3. The TOKIA wallet 
2.3.1 Keeping crypto assets safe 

TOKIA’s mission is to provide reliable and effective currency exchange services to everyone. 
Our business model also has the provision of the highest possible security at its core. Yet we 
are still continually looking for additional steps to make safe processes even safer. 

Two-factor authentication will be applied to ensure greater security to clients’ crypto assets. 
This will give a higher level of control in the protection of your assets. 

2.2.5 A low barrier for crypto purchases 

Our goal is to provide easy entry into the world of digital currency for everyone. Therefore, we 
want to develop a buying process that is no more complicated than executing a simple wire 
transfer. This transfer would be made in traditional currency into your TOKIA account. When 

!20



the transfer is received, the traditional currency will be automatically converted into crypto 
currency and deposited into your TOKIA wallet. 

2.2.6 Margin trading loans 

All TOKIA exchange customers can earn interest on their capital if they decide to provide it to 
other users as a loan. All interest rates will be determined automatically, with the rate 
dependent on time and the amount loaned to the other party. TOKIA will collect a small 
fraction of the interest earned. 

2.2.7 Offline cryptocurrency storage 

Cyber security is the number one priority in the cryptocurrency exchange sector,  so of course 
we will be using the very highest quality professionals for this purpose. On top of this, to 
make the exchange seriously safe, cold storage is the key.  

Keeping assets in offline storage, also known as “cold storage”, is not something new. The issue 
this does raise is convenience, as all the other cryptocurrency exchanges also decide how 
much of the capital they want to keep away from online trading. 

As a standard, we will aim to keep up to 1% of our total assets online at any given time to 
provide the required liquidity to the market. The rest will be available offline with an 
option to retrieve them at short notice. We will always ensure that the amount of assets 
online will be sufficient to cover the market needs for an average cryptocurrency user. 

Additionally, we will also be offering users the ability to define how much of their entire 
capital they desire to keep in either hot or cold storage. This is important if they expect to be 
performing larger transactions that exceed the spot capital availability offered by our default 
cold storage preferences. 

There will be options to regularly retrieve your cryptocurrency held in cold storage, similar to 
the possibilities offered by other exchanges. At TOKIA, however, we also aim to offer you the 
freedom to quickly retrieve your offline funds when you need them right here, right now. This 
will make your trading and cashing out much more efficient,  and also easier to plan. Best of 
all, you don’t need to compromise on security when doing this as you inevitably will using 
other exchanges. Naturally, there will be a small fee for rapid retrieval of funds held in cold 
storage. 

!21



2.4 The TOKIA debit card 

There has NEVER been an easier way to buy, sell and spend Bitcoin. 

Anyone, anywhere will be able to purchase major cryptocurrencies with TOKIA. All these 
altcoins can then be used to make purchases using your TOKIA debit card. No external 
exchange is necessary and the process couldn’t be simpler.  

One card, all cryptocurrencies instantly accessible for your everyday needs. 

Paying with Bitcoin 

We will always provide the best terms for our debit card owners. Plus, we will be offering a 
variety of promotions and other exciting opportunities to gain exclusive benefits when you 
use your card. We will ensure all card related operations offer the best possible conditions, 

!22



and we will be announcing the rates on offer as early as Q1 2018, once our negotiations with 
service providers is completed. 

Like any ordinary debit card, you’ll be able to pay for your groceries and your morning latte, 
and make online purchases using your TOKIA debit card. Unlike ordinary debit cards, you will 
be paying for them using the cryptocurrency that is available on your integrated blockchain 
wallet. 

You will be able to prioritise your cryptocurrency spending,  putting you in complete control. 
You can choose which cryptocurrencies and wallets you use for your savings accounts and 
which you allocate for everyday spending. There will also be no possibility of you running out 
of funds, as switching from one currency to another will happen automatically. Of course you 
can also decide to limit your spending by disabling this automatic switching, helping you 
budget effectively. 

!23



And using you TOKIA debit card, you know you will also be getting the best rate available. 
That’s because you TOKIA wallet automatically selects the best exchange rate depending on 
the currencies in the wallet at the moment of operation.  

2.5 Online customer support 

The TOKIA online customer support team is ready to deal with any inquiries. All issues and 
inconveniences are handled by our team of dedicated professionals. Support will be 
accessible online and via mobile, ensuring the necessary communication channels are on offer 
when required.  

We understand that continuous, high-quality support is the key to success, which is why we 
prioritise providing the very highest level of client support. Every user spreads the word about 
their product experience, and we want this word-of-mouth communication to be positive, 
encouraging more customers to join our community. We will dedicate all the necessary tools, 
resources and people to make this happen. 

2.6 Knowing your customer and anti money laundering 

Anonymous and pseudonymous use of TOKIA services will not be possible. 

All users will be requested to provide satisfactory identification, proof of residence and/or 
other documents necessary to meet all legal requirements. 

AML modules will be integrated into the payment infrastructure offered by TOKIA. 

That said, these measures are not intended to make users’ lives difficult. The goal here is to 
systematically improve the credibility of cryptocurrencies as fair and legal means of payment. 

We will use a leading KYC service provider to deliver our users a fast and effective 
onboarding process. TOKIA is entitled to bring top level Know Your Customer standards to its 
business operations.  

What’s also important to note is that the authentication process we have designed is intended 
to avoid the shortcomings of similar processes used by the traditional banking institutions, 
where long forms need to be filled in and then checked and corrected multiple of times.  

!24



This authentication service will offer maximum convenience, and the verification of user 
information should take no longer than 24 hours. 

2.7 Security and audit 

To ensure TOKIA’s ability to comply with security requirements,  we aim to conduct external 
security audit no less than once per year. The scope of such audit encompasses the entire 
TOKIA platform.   

First such audit is scheduled to be held in second quarter of 2018.   

We will also use independent security audits of a narrower scope throughout our product 
development lifecycle. 

Our security philosophy is based on two main principles:  

• Creating a reliable technology platform that has sufficient protection from external 
threats by design. 

• Protection from the human factor through adherence to widely accepted best 
practices. 

2.8 Conclusion 

TOKIA is a project that aims to bring Bitcoin and other popular cryptocurrencies into your 
everyday life. 

At present, the growing number of people who wish to integrate cryptocurrencies into their 
daily economic transactions still face too many obstacles. 

Our solution is simple: to combine all the essential blockchain products and services, and 
integrate them into a single debit card. This is much more than an attempt merely to couple 
together different elements of the crypto economy. It takes cryptocurrency usage to the next 
level by bringing it into the financial transactions we make every day. 

!25



We believe that currently the crypto economy remains too isolated from traditional economic 
structures. This is a major contributing factor to the volatility currently seen in Bitcoin and 
other cryptocurrencies. 

While we don’t want to pass judgement on the benefits and shortcomings that stem from the 
frenzy of speculation which currently surrounds the crypto economy, we do believe that 
cryptocurrencies are bringing incredible opportunities to replace the outdated banking 
system, and the potential benefits they offer in this way greatly outweigh those offered when 
cryptocurrencies are treated purely as tools for speculation. 

We believe the key step forward needed is to bridge the gap and remove the barriers between 
the crypto economy and traditional money,  as this will bring two major benefits to 
cryptocurrencies. Firstly, it will increase their usefulness for everyday consumers, and secondly 
it will ensure that Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies can leave their volatile, teenage years 
behind and move to the next stage - the “adulthood of cryptocurrency.” 

!26



3. TOKIA’s Business Model 

!27



TOKIA's income structure is based on the different parts of the platform we offer. Below are 
the main modules of the TOKIA platform, followed by the business model itself: 

 

  

 

 

 

!28

Online Exchange Platform: 
Allows conversion between all major cryptocurrencies, and from 
cryptocurrencies into the worlds most popular fiat currencies.

Mobile Wallet and Exchange:  
A convenient mobile application for managing and exchanging 
all your altcoins.

Debit Card:  
A next-generation debit card which allows you to make 
purchases anywhere using Bitcoin or any other cryptocoins. 
Transactions are instant, with no time and energy wasted 
manually converting cryptocurrencies into fiats on traditional 
crypto exchanges. 

Secure Cold Storage:  
Every user can decide how much of their coins should be kept in 
cold storage.

Easy To Buy Bitcoin:  
Pay for Bitcoin using your traditional bank account and get them 
straight to your TOKIA wallet.



3.1. Business model  

TOKIA business model is straightforward: we enable our users to purchase, store, convert and 
spend cryptocurrencies by offering a seamless integration between the block-chain based 
assets and the traditional fiat currencies. 

3.2. Revenue streams 
3.2.1 Exchange fees 

TOKIA will collect a small fraction of the value of the exchange transaction as a fee for using 
the exchange.  However, this fee will only apply to TOKIA customers who do not hold any TKA 
tokens, or to TKA holders who have exceeded their monthly free-of-charge exchange 
threshold.   

3.2.2 Margin trading loan fees 

All TOKIA customers have the option of earning interest on their capital by providing it to 
other users as a loan. All interest rates will be determined automatically. The rate will depend 
on the time and amount of the loan.  

TOKIA will collect a small fraction of the interest earned. 

3.2.3 Debit card fees 

As any other debit card issuer, TOKIA will incur cost which it has to pay to the traditional 
banking infrastructure providers for the use of their payment infrastructure by TOKIA users. 
These might include card issuance fee, card annual fee,  and cash withdrawal (ATM) fee.  

We may hence collect debit card related fees in order to cover the cost burden generated by 
the use of debit cards. 

3.2.4 Future revenue streams 

Going forward, TOKIA also has to possibility to add additional revenue streams. These could 
include revenue from the use of the TOKIA direct payment card, which would always be 
subject to fair use policies.  

The objective of these fair-use policy based revenue streams would be to ensure that the cost 
burden of maintaining and developing the underlying technology and organization that runs 

!29



TOKIA operations is shared fairly among all TOKIA customers on all sides of the spectrum, 
from occasional to heavy users.  

3.3 Potential customers 

TOKIA potential customer is everyone who currently owns or wishes to own blockchain based 
assets and wants to effectively utilise them as means of payment outside of the crypto 
currency ecosystem. 

While the total number of crypto currency users around the globe is difficult to assess with 
reasonable accuracy,  at the time of writing this figure is estimated to exceed 15 million and is 
likely to grow substantially in the future.  

!30



4. The TOKIA Roadmap 
 

!31

2017-08-15

2017-11-05

2017-11-05

2017-11-28

2017-12-04

2018-03-01

2018-05-01

2018-07-01

Seed round lead by private investors. (500K EUR)

Selection of and negotiations with the payment processor started.

Technical talent attraction started.

Technical development unit founded.

Token sale started.

Platform setup with payment processing service provider completed.

We plan to be listed on at least 2 major token exchanges.

Tokia Authorization & Settlement Engine (ASE) ready for testing.

2018-09-01

2018-12-15

2019-07-15

Mobile wallet & Exchange ready for use by the general public.

First non-test payment processed via Tokia ASE.

Shipment of payment cards to Customers.

Launch of the cold-storage feature within Tokia Mobile Wallet.

2019-02-01



5. The TOKIA ICO 

!32



5.1 ICO plan 

The key facts about the TOKIA ICO: 

 
Ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin and credit card accepted:  

!33

TOKIA token symbol TKA

Token standard ERC20 (Ethereum)

Tokens issued
50 000 000 TKA + 25% company reserve 
(locked for 12 months by smart contract)

Unsold tokens 
will be burned by 

smart contract 
automatically

Tokens available for ICO 50 000 000 TKA

Dec 4 - Dec 30, 2017
10 000 000 TKA 
Soft cap: 1 500 000 TKA

Dec 31, 2017 - Jan 31, 2018 12 500 000 TKA

Feb 1 - 14, 2018 12 500 000 TKA

Feb 15 - 28 , 2018 10 000 000 TKA

Mar 1 - 15, 2018 5 000 000 TKA

The TOKIA ICO starts on December 4, 2017



5.2 TKA Tokens 

All tokens that are not sold during each round of the ICO will be burned under the 
requirements of the TOKIA smart contract. 

TKA tokens that are reserved for TOKIA founders and team members will be frozen for 12 
months and cannot be sold, exchanged or otherwise traded during this period. 

5.3 TKA Token privileges 

TOKIA token holders will be eligible for several privileges. 

Everyone who purchases tokens during the ICO will be prioritised on the waiting list for the 
TOKIA card. Then, depending on the number of tokens purchased,  we will waive exchange 
fees, issue and deliver the TOKIA card for free and offer premium TOKIA wallet features for 
free. 

TKA token holders are also incentivised to hold on to their TKA coins,  as these will be 
essential to our exchange loyalty program.  For TOKIA community members who purchase 
1000 or more TKA tokens we will waive the exchange fees for exchange transactions,  whose 
cumulative value in USD does not not exceed 10x times the tokens held  (i.e. if you hold 1.500 
TKA tokens, we’ll waive the exchange fees on 1.500 x 10 = 15.000 USD worth of trading per 
month). 

TOKIA community members who acquire 5000 or more tokens will be subject to 50x 
multiplier. 

!34

Number of 
tokens 

purchased

Priority on 
Tokia card 
waiting list

TKA tokens 
listed on 
exchange

Free exchange 
forever 
10x the 

number of 
tokens held

Free multi-
blockchain 
debit card

Premium Tokia 
wallet features 

for free

Upgrade your 
free exchange 

limit 
x50 the 

number of 
tokens held

500 ⬤ ⬤

1000 ⬤ ⬤ ⬤

3000 ⬤ ⬤ ⬤ ⬤ ⬤

5000 ⬤ ⬤ ⬤ ⬤ ⬤ ⬤



5.4 ICO funds usage 

All funds received from the ICO will be used for the development of the TOKIA cryptocurrency 
exchange platform. Specifically: 

TOKIA token distribution 

 
Funds distribution 

!35



5.5 Executed ICO & token sale offered by TOKIA  

1 - averages verified at icostats.com on 30th of November, 2017, 13:46 Central European Time.  
2 - prices verified at coinmarketcap.com on 30th of November, 2017, 13:46 Central European Time.

!36

Average price change after ICO +127%
In consistency 
with market

TenX Monaco TOKIA 
estimated

ICO date June 2017 May 2017 December 2017

Number of 
tokens 104 000 000 9 400 000 50 000 000

Token list price 0.95 USD 0.9 USD 1 USD

Funds raised 67 000 000 USD 25 000 000 USD 36 000 000

Average token 
price paid

0.794 USD 1 2.88 USD 0.69 USD

Price per token 
November 30, 2017

2.08 USD 2 5.61 USD

Price change 
since ICO +161% +94%



!37


	Purpose
	No offer of securities
	Risks and uncertainties
	No Cancellation and No Refund
	No guarantee on trading
	Note on forward-looking statements
	1. The Challenges Facing Traditional Financial Markets
	1.1 Financial Markets
	1.1.1 Cryptocurrencies vs. traditional financial markets
	1.1.2 Limited global availability
	1.2 The challenges currently facing cryptocurrency exchanges
	1.2.1 Insufficient compliance
	1.2.2 Isolation from traditional banking
	1.2.3 Trading fees
	1.3 Issues with cryptocurrency wallets at present
	1.3.1 Asset safety
	1.4 Liquidity challenges with cryptocurrencies
	1.4.1 Limited availability of fiat currencies
	2. Introducing TOKIA
	2.1 TOKIA’s product vision
	2.2 TOKIA Cryptocurrency Exchange
	2.2.1 Forever free cryptocurrency exchange
	2.2.2 ZERO fees
	2.2.3 A wide range of supported altcoins
	2.2.4 A wide range of supported fiat currencies
	2.3. The TOKIA wallet
	2.3.1 Keeping crypto assets safe
	2.2.5 A low barrier for crypto purchases
	2.2.6 Margin trading loans
	2.2.7 Offline cryptocurrency storage
	2.4 The TOKIA debit card
	2.5 Online customer support
	2.6 Knowing your customer and anti money laundering
	2.7 Security and audit
	2.8 Conclusion
	3. TOKIA’s Business Model
	3.1. Business model
	3.2. Revenue streams
	3.2.1 Exchange fees
	3.2.2 Margin trading loan fees
	3.2.3 Debit card fees
	3.2.4 Future revenue streams
	3.3 Potential customers
	4. The TOKIA Roadmap
	5. The TOKIA ICO
	5.1 ICO plan
	5.2 TKA Tokens
	5.3 TKA Token privileges
	5.4 ICO funds usage
	5.5 Executed ICO & token sale offered by TOKIA

