








































Microsoft Word - 0116-Trinity White Paper Exposure Draft.docx


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trinity	  White	  Paper	  

An	  Off-­‐chain	  Scaling	  Solution	  for	  Neo	  

	  
(Exposure	  Draft)	  

 

 

 

  

 



Table of Contents  

 

I.	   Abstract .................................................................................................... 3	  

II.	   Background ............................................................................................... 3	  

III.	   Overview ................................................................................................... 4	  

IV.	   Technical Implementation ........................................................................... 5	  

4.1	   Proof of Assets (PoA) ............................................................................. 6	  

4.2	   Smart Contract ...................................................................................... 6	  

4.3	   State Channels ....................................................................................... 9	  

4.3.1	   Life Cycle of the Channel ............................................................... 9	  

4.3.2	   Channel Network ....................................................................... 11	  

4.4	   Off-chain Transactions .......................................................................... 12	  

4.4.1	   Direct Transaction ...................................................................... 12	  

4.4.2	   Router Transaction ..................................................................... 13	  

V.	   Token Introduction ................................................................................... 14	  

5.1	   Function and Value of TNC ................................................................... 14	  

5.2	   Token Distribution ............................................................................... 17	  

IV.	   Team ...................................................................................................... 17	  

6.1	   Team members .................................................................................... 17	  

6.2	   Advisors ............................................................................................ 19	  

VI.	   Risks and Disclaimer ................................................................................. 20	  

VIII	   Contact us ............................................................................................... 20	  

 

 

 

 

 

 



I. Abstract 

While the blockchain technology is lauded for its ability to reshape our economy and 
world, we are also concerned about its slow consensus building process, high 
transaction cost, and weak anonymity. 

 

Trinity adopts state channel technology as an off-chain scaling solution for Neo. By 
providing a series of solutions, such as protocol layer, pluggable services, 
customizable services, free basic services, and incentives for value-added service 
providers, Trinity offers convenient, fast and safe blockchain services to users. 

 

II. Background  

The birth of the blockchain marks the beginning of establishing a truly trustable 
Internet.  

 

The blockchain technology creates an Internet with value uniqueness and transmission, 
which in essence, is to realize the trustable flow of asset value. 

 

The blockchain is freeing us from intermediaries in different industries, 
clearing/settlement agencies and centralized services providers, thus changing the 
world gradually. 

 

The blockchain technology is not a single innovative technology, but an integrated 
technology system that gathers research outcomes from different fields, in which 
consensus mechanism is an indispensable core technology.  

 

Due to limitations such as hardware, bandwidth, node number, node distribution and 
consensus algorithm, consensus building on the blockchain usually takes tens of 
seconds or even minutes, which poses a great barrier to the landing of commercial 
blockchain projects.  

 

Due to the limited data structure of the blocks, spatial resources in the blocks are rare 
and very expensive. Putting unnecessary instructional operations or non-settlement 
intermediary data on the blockchain leads to high cost and places a huge burden on 
synchronizing with the P2P network. 

 

As data on the blockchain is public to all users, storing all data and processes on the 
blockchain poses a great threat to user privacy.  



To solve the above problems, the Lightening Network was created for Bitcoin and the 
Raiden network was created for Etherum. This projects is a scaling solution for Neo.  

 

III. Overview 

Trinity is an off-chain scaling solution for Neo and is applicable to blockchain 
transfer of Neo utox and NEP-5 standard tokens. Trinity achieves real-time payments, 
low transaction fees, scalability, and privacy protection of Neo assets through state 
channel technology. 

 

Trinity aims to provide safe, fast and convenient blockchain services to its users 
through its fast and safe off-chain payment channels. 

 

Trinity overall framework is as follows: 

 

Trinity, blockchain and Trinity’s logic layers are completely decoupled from each 
other. Each of them can serve DAPPs independently. DAPPs deployed on the Trinity 

状态通道层 

通道网络层 

通道服务层 

DAPP 

区块链层 （NEO） 

1 
2 

3 
4 

Channel Network Layer (CNL) 

Channel Service Layer (CSL) 

State Channel Layer (SCL) 

Blockchain Layer (NEO) 



network may, according to their business needs, use the API of any of Trinity’s logic 
layers to secure corresponding services available on such layers (as shown in Figures 
2, 3, 4), or carry out on-chain transactions without using any Trinity services (as 
shown in Figure 1).  

 

The State Channel Layer (SCL) provides Trinity with the most fundamental P2P state 
channel services. State channels are established as transaction parties put up their 
assets as collaterals on the blockchain and establish a smart contract to endorse 
subsequent off-chain transactions. The services available on the SCL enable 
transaction parties to carry out instant transactions with no latency. SCL services are 
applicable to DAPPs for C2C instant payment, personal high-frequency data 
collection, among other scenarios. 

 

The Channel Network Layer (CNL) provides Trinity with state channel routing 
services, i.e. fully automatic intelligent routing for transaction parties without 
established state channels. All the state channels correspond to a smart contract on the 
blockchain and an asset collateral. It is not feasible for all users to establish state 
channels with all their counterparties due to asset collateral costs. Thus, Trinity’s 
routing services are requisite for unperceived state channel routing which allows 
transaction parties to transact in real time with no latency. CNL services are 
applicable to DAPPs for B2B/B2C instant payment, network-wide data collection, 
decentralized exchanges, instant exchange between coins, IoT networking, among 
other scenarios. 

 

The Channel Service Layer (CSL) provides Trinity with plug-in customizable off-
chain transaction services. The channel atomic layer (CAL) and the CNL function 
jointly to make on-chain assets flow fast off chain as Trinity aims to be “good and 
fast”. The CSL is designed to improve users’ transaction experience. DAPPs may 
acquire personalized services through custom implementation by themselves or 
customization by Trinity on the CSL as transaction needs vary per industry, asset and 
stake. Common services available on the CSL include: gateway services for light 
clients, mix-coin transaction services with privacy protection, high-priority quality of 
service (QoS) routing for state channels, peer-to-peer connection-oriented state 
channel routing, channel detection proxy service, etc. 

 

That Trinity and the blockchain layers are completely decoupled from each other lays 
a solid foundation for Trinity’s subsequent moves - blockchain transplants and cross-
chain transaction services, e.g. transplant of the ontology network and cross-
NEO/ontology real-time asset transaction services. 

 

IV. Technical Implementation 

 



4.1 Proof of Assets (PoA) 

 

PoA, equivalent to settlement reserve fund, is a key factor in off-chain scaling 
solutions. It is achieved through digital signature and hash lock, that’s to say, 
transactions are performed with mainnet digital assets as collaterals. 

 
 

 

The graph shows two traders: Alice and Merchant. PoA means they lock their mainnet 
tokens as collaterals to form PoA. For example, Alice has 1000 NEO NEP-5 and 
Merchant has 1000 NEO NEP-5. Before off-chain transfers, Alice and Merchant lock 
certain number of tokens as proof of assets. Without PoA, token transfers cannot be 
performed. PoA is a binding protocol implemented by the NEO blockchain. Digital 
signature ensures that Alice and Merchant stay in the value transfer. Also, as only 
Alice and Merchant have access to tokens of the smart contracts in the payment 
channel, Trinity PoA is as binding as mainnet transactions.  

 

Once mainnet tokens are locked, PoA is formed. Then A and B can conduct off-chain 
transactions immediately through payment channels without time limits. When the 
transactions are finished, assets can be transferred back to the mainnet and the balance 
is registered on the mainnet. However, off-chain transactions will not be recorded. To 
put in other words, the number of transactions and the amount of each transaction will 
not be broadcast to the entire network so as to protect user privacy. 

 

4.2 Smart Contract 

 



On-chain smart contracts have the following main functions: 

1)  determining transaction rules agreed and shared between transaction participants 

2)  issuing transaction tokens as a guarantee of off-chain payment 

3) smart arbitration: In case of breach by either party, the smart contract can function 
to impose fair punishment on the breaching party. 

4) channel management and closure of channels: Transactions are executed off chain, 
but the balance is recorded on chain. 

 

Channel smart contracts are an executable code incorporating shared rules for 
operating an off-chain payment channel. When using the channels, each participant 
agrees on those rules implicitly. The channels allow: 

1) large volume of two-way value transmission between participants 

2) conditional value transmission with expiration and pre-defined rules 

3) rules that determine the sequence of transfer 

 

Trinity
Blockchain 

channle contract

Open Channel Requst

User

Verify

Create Channel

Lock assert
Verfiy Signature
Create channel

Channel Created

Channel ok response

 

Each channel supports two-way off-chain payment channels and has their own 
settlement cycles. Both participants in a transaction can store any amount of deposits 
for any number of times. 



 

Transactions may be completed under certain conditions, meaning there might be 
several fast transactions waiting for completion at any time point. The transactions are 
represented by a lock structure that includes numerical values, expiration time and 
hash lock. A set of all unimplemented transactions is encoded by a Merkle Tree and 
represented by its root in each transaction. 

 

Channel capacity is the total amount of deposits of the two participants in a 
transaction. The capacity represents the maximum amount of transactions and the 
total amount of assets involved in unimplemented transactions. The capacity is 
divided into two parts: disposable balance and locked balance of each participant. The 
disposable balance is changing with the direction and value of completed transactions 
during the life span of the channels, and will increase with deposits by the 
corresponding participant or payments by the counterparty. The amount of the locked 
balance depends on the direction and value of locked transfers of unimplemented 
transactions, increasing with each locked transfer and decreasing as transfer and 
payment succeed or by other means. 

Participant’s balance= deposit + received amount − paid amount 

Bn=Pd+Pr−Ps 

Locked balance = total amount of unimplemented transactions 

Bl=Σ!!!!!!Tp 

After development, the channels are likely to receive multiple deposits from any 
participant. Once confirmed by the counterparty, the depositor can carry out transfers 
with the disposable balance. 

Channels are subject to closure in case either participant intends to cancel the 
transaction or any disputes arise, after which the settlement window opens for the 
corresponding participant to update the status of the counterparty and revoke the 
unlocked lock. Neither participant is allowed to carry out partial revocation. 

The operation of transaction update receives a signed PoA which includes a data 
packet with channel specific like Merkel Tree root, transaction amount, and a 
transaction sequence. As the node can only provide information about the signature of 
the counterparty, we know the data is not tampered, and is valid. To prevent the node 
from providing outdated information, the amount withdrawn is deducted from the 
amount transmitted, which is a monotonic increasing value. Therefore, there should 
be no transaction carrying a negative value; any participant providing outdated 
information will see his/her net balance decrease. 

Another channel operation is revoking the lock, i.e. receiving the proof of unlocking 
that is made of a lock data structure and proves that the lock is included in the Merkel 
Tree and there is an available password to unlock it. The channel recalculates Merkel 
Tree root and verify the password to verify the lock. If all such verifications are 
passed, the amount transferrable by the counterparty will increase. 



4.3 State Channels 

Trinity uses on-chain smart contracts to authenticate participants, lock/unlock deposits 
and resolve disputes for state channels management. Off-chain transactions are made 
possible through Trinity’s off-chain protocol. 

 

Has	  the	  channel

Transection

Participants
	  in	  the	  channel

Transfer	  off-­‐chain

Request	  peer	  jion	  
the	  channle

TimeOut

Blockchain	  
channel	  contract

 

 

4.3.1 Life Cycle of the Channel 

 
During the life cycle, tokens are locked to ensure they can only be sent and received 
in the channel until it is closed so as to avoid double-spending. Once the channel is 
developed, participants can check and verify its existence. Each counterparty does not 
need to check all records, but only track the updates. PoA includes the final total 
amount of transfer in the Trinity network sent to the participants, and is signed 
digitally by the sender.  
 
If one participant decides to settle the assets on the blockchain, he/she can require the 
payment of the other participant or pay the unpaid assets. The participant can submit 
transaction request through smart contracts to select PoA and  close the payment 
channels. The other participant who hasn't closed the channels must provide the PoA. 
If no transfer occurs, the operation is not needed. After PoA submission by the 
participants, they can withdraw their tokens. If one of them hasn't submitted the PoA 



on time, the assets will be determined by the PoA of the participant who requests 
closure. 
 

 

The above graph shows the entire lifecycle of Trinity network payment channels.  



 

4.3.2 Channel Network 

 

The development and settlement of payment channels must be conducted on the 
blockchain. Therefore, it is impossible to create new channels for each potential 
target. Trinity solves the problem through the development of payment channel 
network where participants are connected with each other.  
 

As shown in the graph above, A wants to send cryptocurrency to E. A must find a 
network channel to connect E. Each participant on the route needs to cooperate with 
each other so that A can transfer tokens to E. The participants transfer tokens to the 
next node through payment and rent the channels to A. Encrypted hash lock prevents 



crediting of the intermediary transfers until E confirms receipt of A’s tokens. Once A 
decides to unlock and pay, she sends the key to E. 

 
As each participant on the route who unlocks their payment gets incentives, the 
private key will be returned to Alice through the channels. All locked transfers can be 
traded on the mainnet through Alice’s private key. However, the participants had 
better integrate the locked transfer value to form a standard PoA. PoA that includes 
locked transfer value and invalid lock can be synched on the state channels. In this 
way, transfer among multiple participants can be done.  

 
Counterparties in the network will not open their channels for free. After all, transfer 
will result in extra network traffic and imbalance of payment channel. Therefore, 
participants of the Trinity network pay for renting the channels, and the fees they pay 
will encourage the payment channels to be more balanced.  

 

4.4 Off-chain Transactions  

All offchain transactions need to be programmed based on the format of the PoA to 
ensure consistency and safety of channel communications. The information includes: 

 1) transaction sequence 
 2) the number of transfers 
 3) suspend 
 4) Merkle Tree root node 
 5) signatures that include the above information  
 

Trinity provides the following two offchain transactions: 
 
 1）Direct Transaction 
 2）Router Transaction 
 

4.4.1 Direct Transaction 

 

Direct transaction doesn't rely on locks, as it is completed automatically after 
successful sending of network data package. As the transmission runs on 
asynchronous network, it cannot be completed in an atomic manner. The keys to 
direct transaction are as follows: 
 

1) Unlocked information means that the number of messages conveying 
information will continue to increase, and there may be messages of 



transaction cancelation. That’s to say, the payer will pay for the transaction 
unconditionally regardless of whether services are received. 

2) The payer must assume that the transaction is completed when messages are 
sent to the network. 

 

A successful direct transaction only needs 2 messages: transaction message and 
confirmation message. For example, 
Alice wants to pay n assets to Bob. First, Alice creates a new transaction message. 
Alice signs the transaction and sends it to Bob, and the transaction is completed. 
  
 
4.4.2 Router Transaction 

 

Router transaction is usually used in channel network with an initiator, a trader and 
many intermediate nodes. To ensure privacy and immutability of transactions, the 
intermediate transaction is designed to be a transaction with a hash lock which 
contains transaction figures. The lock is also used to verify the cipher text to unlock it 
and its maturity. 

 

Another example of Alice and Bob. 

Alice wants to pay n assets to Bob. First, Alice creates a new transaction message. 

1. Alice signs the transaction and sends it to Bob. 
2. Bob sends secret request message to Alice as a request to cancel the transaction. 
3. Alice sends the cipher text to Bob and assumes the transaction is completed then. 
4. Bob receives the cipher text and has n assets transacted to him. 
5. Bob sends a message with the cipher text to Alice, stating he is aware of the 

codes and request off-chain synch . 
6. Finally Alice sends a cipher text to Bob to notify him that the lock will be 

removed from the Merkel Tree, and that the amount of transaction and tree 
root will be updated. 



Alice Hop Bob

Signed	  Transection

Signed	  Transection

SecretRequest

SecretRequest

RevealSecret RevealSecret
Assume_transection_com

mplete

Save_transection_value_to_asset

SecretMessage

confirm_secret
request_synch

SecretMessage

confirm_secret
request_synch

SecretMessage

confirm_unlock
request_synch SecretMessage

confirm_unlock
request_synch

Remove_lock
Update_assert

Update_merkel	  tree
Update_assert

 

 

V. Token Introduction  
The core of the tokenized economy is to incentivize the ecosystem with tokens. 
Trinity also needs an incentive system to achieve high efficiency. TNC (Trinity 
Network Credit) is used as credits to balance state channels of Trinity network.  

  

5.1 Function and Value of TNC 

The core of Trinity is the state channels. In order to involve more users and form a 
micropayment eco-habit, state channel itself is free, that is, Trinity is available for 
users without TNC.  

 



The feasibility of Trinity require cooperation with many participants, while TNC  
serves as an incentive and a balance.  

 

TNC Use Cases:  

1. Unified asset for network settlement  
TNC can be but is not required to be used as a mortgaged asset during channel 
establishment, so as to provide a unified settlement method. As such, the TNC 
could be the most direct and convenient way to those small and medium sized 
nodes or users unwilling or unable to synchronize resources on the entire chain. 
This unified settlement mechanism helps reduce unnecessary exchange costs for 
on-chain and off-chain transactions. 

 

2. Trinity network contribution reward 
Trinity provides channel routing to improve transaction convenience throughout 
the entire network. The channel routing enables effective state interactions and 
value transfers between users/nodes through the channel, which makes the Trinity 
network more flexible and convenient. The TNC can reward the channel routing 
providers in an effective manner, which encourages more nodes/users to 
participate in the network channel and enables more efficient asset flows. 

 

3. Trinity network value-added services 
As a privacy-conscious network, Trinity adopts multiple technologies like zero-
knowledge proof and CoinJoin to protect data security and enhance privacy 
protection for users. Moreover, the Trinity network can provide further privacy 
protections which can be acquired through TNC payment.  

 

Other services provided by Trinity include QoS, connection-oriented channel 
routing, thin client gateway services, proxy services on state channel testing and 
monitoring among other value-added services.  

 

Dapp developers are able to customize value-added services onTrinity’s channel 
service layer. These services will be available for all Trinity users by paying TNC 
to developers.  

 

4.      Network Service Fees 

The Trinity network is devoted to providing digital asset services for small and 
medium sized businesses. Small and medium sized businesses using the Trinity 
network to distribute or manage digital assets can use TNC to pay for the 
needed services. 



 

5.       Enterprise customization service fee 

Businesses requiring customized services like independent state channel modes 
and highly customized wallets shall pay for those customized services in TNC. 

 6.     Incentives for TNC holders and community developers 

For developers who are constantly concerned about and supporting the Trinity 
community, Trinity is to reward them with TNC tokens. Such incentives aim 
encourage more talents to develop the Trinity community and keep improving 
Trinity protocols. 

TNC holders will be rewarded as set in the following chart, in a bid to motivate 
more to contribute to Trinity network development. 

With the evolvement of theTrinity network and more participation, TNC will show 
more values in an increasing use cases.  

 

 

交易手续费 Transaction fee 
押金退还 Deposit refund 
通道押金 Channel deposit 
惩罚恶意者资金 Confiscate deposit 
网络路由的奖励 Reward for network routing contributors 
社区及持有人奖励 Reward for community developers and 

TNC holders 
增值服务费用 Value added service fee 
 

 



5.2 Token Distribution  

 

 

 

 

Note 1: By the first time TNC is distributed to its donors, Part#4 and Part#5 will be 
available on the TNC Neo Smart Contract Rich List for supervision by the community. 

Note2: All donors, either through private or public round, will be donating based on 
the SAME exchange rate as NEO. There is no discount for private donors. 

Note3: Distribution of Part#5 will be explained in great detail in future 
documentations. As of this moment, the Trinity Foundation is considering the option 
of setting up an automated distribution of these TNC to State Channel operators, 
promoters and community contributors. But it is for sure in no means will Part#5 be 
distributed to all of the incumbent Trinity Foundation directors or team members. 

 

IV. Team 

6.1 Team members 

 

David Yiling Li 

Founder 

Former Antshares (Neo) Overseas Manager Led the Antshares global tokensale 
campaign in 16, and her follow-up community building, business cooperation, 



ecosystem building, etc. Co-founder of FourierPR, China’s top marketing and 
consultancy firm for crypto-economy projects. Fourier’s clients dominate 
coinmarketcap top 100 list; in association with FBG. Founder of Rai Stone Media site 
inwecrypto.com, multi-asset wallet InWe Wallet and two ecosystem companies of 
Trinity Network. 

 

Guangfeng Zhang 

Co-founder 

Expert of security and blockchain. Guangfeng has more than 15 years of experience in 
technology development. He has worked in the Giesecke+Devrient (China) and 
CBPM (China Banknote Printing and Minting Corp) Blockchain Research Institute, 
engaged in the formulation and promotion of the PBoC 2.0 / 3.0 specification, the 
design of the digital ticket trading platform based on digital currency and blockchain 
technology. 

 

Fengping Yi 

Co-founder 

Government Affairs Specialist on Blockchain, rich experience in public sector and 
blockchain business development. Joined China Ethereum community in 2015 and 
had been working on blockchain industry’s affairs with the Government. Former 
government official responsible for business development. Former Director of 
Government Affairs at Shanghai Onchain Technologies Ltd. Former Vice Director of 
Tongji University Fintech and Blockchain Research Institute. Responsible for helping 
the company join the MIIT blockchain reference architecture building and policy-
making. Participation in Guiyang municipal government’s Credit Farmer project, 
which is seen as the very first government-sponsored blockchain application 
nationwide. 

 

Yang Li 

Core Dev 

Software delivery expert/consultant, software architecture KOL in Chengdu. Yang 
specializes in startup consultancy, team incubation and demo delivery. He helps 
startups with digital asset trading, data digging and smart agriculture, etc. Yang has 
rich experience in telecom industry as a triple-A level telecom expert. He is the 
founder of multiple provincial-level telecom broadband service systems. Alumni of 
National University of Defense Technology. 

 

Will Wei Wu 

Core Dev 



SW and I&V specialist, 10 years’ experience in technology development. Software 
Development, I&V Specialist and Test Automation Coach in Nokia. Initiator of 
Grooming2robot project (A Natural Language Processing Based Automation Testing 
Tool) Blockchain fan, Hyperledger Fabric technology document translation in gitbook. 

 

Lola XIE 

Trinity Chief Spokeswoman 

Co-founder of Rai Stone and its media site inwecrypto.com and InWe Wallet (a multi-
asset wallet that supports ERC20，Bitcoin，NEP5); former assistant to CEO of Bubi 

Chain；Columnist of 8btc.com; senior member of FourierPR--China’s leading digital 
currency market consulting company 

 

Dominic Yu Zhao 

Community  

Former BTC123 Marketing Director, in charge of BTC123’s Blockchain China Tour. 
Early backer in ETC China community Former Beico Marketing Director 

 

6.2 Advisors  

JC XU 

Co-founder of Badwater Capital (a digital currency fund), early supporter of RPX, 
CPX, VEN, REQ, ZRX, etc. He worked for DFJ Dragon Fund (a well-known venture 
capital fund in Silicon Valley and China) on TMT venture capital. His startup projects 
were invested by IDG and were purchased in 2016. Studied in Indiana University-
Kelley School of Business and Draper University in Silicon Valley. 

 

Zhoudong Ji 

Blockchain expert Former blockchain expert of a Fortune 500 company (Wanda), 
Deputy Secretary-General of Blockchain Industry Development Forum of MIIT. He 
participated in the draft of MIIT White Paper and the development of relevant 
standards. He wrote Blockchain Development Guide and other professional books. 

 

Yanbo Li 

Former senior R&D engineer and technical director of Qualcomm and Redpoint 
Positioning Linux kernel network subsystem code contributor, specializing in 
architecture design of distributed network system and implementation of Mesh 



network protocol. Currently in charge of management of Onchain Beijing office and 
development of an open source blockchain platform--Distributed Network 
Architecture. He studied under Dan Boneh in Standford and has an outstanding 
background in cryptography 

 

VI. Risks and Disclaimer 

1) This document is only for sharing relevant information to specific readers asking 
for information of the Project, and shall not be construed as either a guidance for 
future investments or a contract/warrant of any kind. 

2) Those who choose to participate in the TOKEN Distribution Plan shall be 
deemed to have understood and accepted the risks associated with the Project 
and have agreed to take full responsibility for their participation. 

3) The Project Team explicitly claims that it neither provides guarantee of returns 
nor takes responsibility for any direct or indirect losses arising from the Project. 

4) The TOKEN involved in the Project is an encrypted code to be used in 
transaction process, rather than a representation of any equity, right to earnings 
or right of control relevant to the Project. 

5) Digital currencies carry high uncertainties, including but not limited to different 
regulatory regimes in various nations, industrial incentives/competitions, and 
technical flaws of digital currencies. As such, we provide no guarantee for the 
success of the Project. In fact, the Project involves risk of failure, and even 
nullification of the TOKEN. 

6) The Project Team will make efforts to fix the problems that likely to occur in its 
development. Nevertheless, the Project is still under policy uncertainties. Thus, 
you are advised to have a comprehensive understanding of the Blockchain and 
the associated risks before making investments. 

 

VIII Contact us 

Contact person：Lola Xie  

Wechat：dolores-1995  

Email：lolaxie_shanghai@163.com  

 


