















































Whitepaper


  

   

Whitepaper 

https://uttoken.io 

Full Version 



 
Contents 
	

 Manifest 1	

 United Traders Today 2	
 What Has It to Do with a Blockchain? 3	

 Ecosystems 4	

 A Problem of Credibility 6	
 Market Size and Potential 6	

 UT Investment Marketplace. Project Profile 8	

 UT Investment Marketplace. Action Plan 10	
 UT Investment Marketplace. Objectives 13	

 UTEX as a Cryptocurrency Exchange. Project Profile 14	
 UTEX as a Cryptocurrency Exchange. Action Plan 16	

 UTEX as a Cryptocurrency Exchange. Objectives 18	
 Mega Dictionary. Project Profile 19	

 Mega Dictionary. Action Plan 20	

 Mega Dictionary. Objectives 21	
 Tokens. General 22	
 Tokens. Pre-Sale Discounts 23	

 Tokens. Payment and Distribution 24	
 Using Tokens 25	

 Token Price Outlook 26	

 Tokens and Legal Concerns 27	
 Road Map. Plans 29 

 Road Map. Completed stages 33	

 Expenditure Pattern 38	

 Team. Management 39	

 Team. Marketing 40	
 Team. Development 41	

 Team. Finance 42	

 Team. Sales 43	
 Conclusion 44	

 



 

1 

 
Manifest 

We are a team of discrete and algorithmic traders who launched our business 

immediately prior to the mortgage crisis of 2008, and made a high return on our 

investment during that period. Initially, we specialized in American shares.  We now trade 

shares, futures, options, currencies, and cryptocurrencies.   

In 2009, we registered United Traders, a proprietary trading company, and proved 

ourselves as high-quality investors specializing in the U.S. stock markets.   

We know what a professional trader needs to be successful, and so we introduced 

Aurora, an excellent multimarket platform, used to directly access U.S. stock exchanges 

and other markets as well.  

We developed a major finance-related Web portal in Russian. We trained tens of 

thousands of people in trading and finance. We created hundreds of professional traders. 

We opened our eyes to Russian financial authorities on the problem of binary options.   

We are concerned about regulators who promote closed and complex markets, rather 

than providing accessibility thereto and transparency thereof; investment banks, which 

over the past 200 years have created barriers between companies and access to capital 

market opportunities; and algorithmic funds, feeding on easy prey under the guise of 

regulators.  Moreover, we have many claims against the global economic system, which 

contributes to wars and disparity. 

We push for a crypto revolution in the global economy! 

 



 

2 

 
United Traders Today 

 

Proprietary Trading Company 

United Traders, a proprietary trading company, was incorporated in 2009 via a merger of 

two teams of traders from Moscow and St. Petersburg, who previously had been engaged 

by SwiftTrade (Canada) and Dimension trading (USA). At that time, both teams specialized 

primarily in manual trading at NYSE and NASDAQ, involving U.S. shares. 

 

As of October 2017, United Traders engages traders from 42 countries worldwide. 

Various algorithms, including, but not limited to, high-frequency algorithms, are generally 

employed in the trading business. The company is primarily focused on U.S. shares, 

futures and options, although we do intensively tap into the European and Asian markets. 

 

 

Software Developer 

95% of traders engaged by United Traders use the company’s proprietary platforms.  

A software package allows it to support the entire trading cycle, namely: 

• Arche – a client application designed to trade on the NYSE and NASDAQ.  

• Aurora – the company’s flagship. This is a multimarket platform (desktop windows) 
which supports operations at the NYSE, NASDAQ, BATS, ARCA, CME, CBOE, CBOT, 

EUREX, MOEX, SPBEX, Kraken and BTC-e (previously)  

• Aurora manager – a platform which allows one to manage a group of traders, broker’s 
clients, or several accounts held by a single asset manager. Access to this application 

is granted upon request of any relevant proprietary group 

• Trader’s account - a reporting tool used by traders who employ Arche, Aurora, Sterling 
trader PRO, Laser trade, Fusion or Shiva  

 



 

3 

 

Investment Marketplace operated by United Traders 

This marketplace was launched in 2012. 

On October 17th, a conceptually new interface was released.  

The following options are currently available to investors: 

• Kvadrat Black - a pool of algorithmic strategies which was employed by the Kvadrat 
Black SPC hedge fund (an audited report is available upon investor request). Currently, 

this is one of the principal products on the platform designed by UT 

• Type C strategy (UT Crypto fund) – a pool of manual and algorithmic strategies 
extensively used on the cryptocurrency markets 

• IPO with United Traders – a feature which allows investors to buy shares of companies 
offering IPO’s on a provisional subscription basis, with an additional purchase 

opportunity after expiration of a lock-up period (varying between 3 - 6 months) 

• OTC - a feature which allows an investor to buy shares in non-public companies, 
including, but not limited to, Space X, Slack, Airbnb, Uber, Palantir etc. 

 

 

Training Platform 

This is a one-month training session which covers the proprietary trading system, and 

provides capital to all trainees. 

It was developed for newbies, and is aimed at improving financial capabilities. 

 

 

UT Magazine 

An information and analytical portal that brings together traders and investors. The 

financial dictionary has a special role to play here. 

 

 

 

https://unitedtraders.com/ 

https://utmagazine.ru/ 



 

4 

 
What Has It to Do with a Blockchain? 

Projects described in this White Paper do not support blockchain technology or smart 

contracts, and are aimed exclusively at developing a market of decentralized systems and 

solutions. 

The target audience, which long ago familiarized itself with cryptocurrencies and 

blockchain technologies, has since Q2 2017 become keen on the development of 

innovative decentralization, performance optimization, security improvement, and the 

implementation of blockchain technologies as part of new projects. 

United Traders believes that the discovery of the first category in the Theory of Inventive 

Problem Solving (TIPS) is the primary benefit derived from blockchain technologies. All 

other inventions will only contribute to this, and be deemed minor technologies. As such, 

we may cease to develop our own blockchain technology, either approved by public 

authorities or generating more transactions per time unit.  

We believe that the main benefit of blockchain technologies could be in mature projects, 

with the possibility of implementing smart contracts. Their properties open unlimited 

possibilities for asset tokenization, which is being actively pursued by the cryptocurrency 

community.  

There are a significant number of opportunities to invest in physical goods, which at first 

glance are not investment opportunities. These include art, old wine, hot rods, etc. 

A smart contract affords an opportunity to invest similarly in services. Notably, the 

investment projects listed above are not off-the-shelf products, and the market is not 

scalable. We have a much broader view of the problem. A smart contract affords an 

opportunity to invest similarly in services! 

It is the service sector that is the potential environment for mass tokenization! 

The lack of national, foreign exchange, and legal restrictions or barriers for venture 

transactions is another benefit which is mandatory for implementation of our projects. For 

a long time,venture investments have been bundled in national clusters of different 

countries, and the main leader, of course, is Silicon Valley. Generally, venture funds which 

operate as intermediaries for the benefit of major conglomerates are principal 

beneficiaries of this. Such a market design is not efficient, and fails to promote human 

progress on a global scale.  

Blockchain technologies, and an upsurge of global business activities generated by the 

same, is allowing the launch a global venture market today. 



 

5 

 
Ecosystems 

OUR MISSION 

 
Educate and innovate regardless of the global 
economic situation. Act as an example and 
financial guide for a new, smart generation, 
striving for financial independence. 
 
Communication Toolkit UT 

 

 

Any major company operating in any industry worldwide is deemed a virtually closed 

ecosystem. This allows companies to effectively respond to the most diverse needs of 

customers. 

We stick to this path as well, and seek to develop our own ecosystem. A user who is, or 

intends to become, a financially competent person with various personal financial 

planning needs, is the backbone of our system. He or she seeks to use every opportunity 

available to invest capital and time in the most efficient manner. 



 

6 

 
A Problem of Credibility 

There is a huge credibility problem for so-called "experts" in the world of finance and 

investment. In this sense, expert means all those who make financial transactions, give 

investment advice, and/or guarantee the trustworthiness of certain individuals and 

organizations. 

An entire industry of rating agencies has been created to resolve this problem. It involves 

major investment banks making recommendations, audit companies certifying the 

truthfulness of financial results, and/or the genuine nature of completed work. 

However, these rating agencies do not resolve the problem entirely, due to lack of trust in 

those who use their reputation to vouch for others. These are, for example, audit 

companies. 

Moreover, the problem is further aggravated by negative PR activity: articles of unverified 

"experts" in the media, fictional awards, etc.  

We offer a solution to this problem based on blockchain technology. All that needs to be 

done is to track the actions of the relevant activities of the actors who are significant for the 

reputation of a distributed register, which, in the future, would like to monetize or confirm 

their reputation. 

The following describes the components of the United Traders ecosystem that will form 

the basis for a global expert ranking system.  



 

7 

 
Market Size and Potential 

We consider the market for our products to be enormous, which is consistent with the volume of 

transactions effected in foreign exchange for any and all countries worldwide, altogether. As 

such, there is no need to specify values with a great number of zeros in this White Paper. We will 

describe our market size assumptions in broad brushstrokes as follows: 

The Investment Marketplace shall cover 

• A private investment market, in terms of volumes of capital held by investors in 
traditional products targeted at individuals, including: bank deposits, shares in mutual 

funds, ETFs, etc. 

• An ICO market, in terms of volumes of capital held by aggressive investors who 
understand investments perfectly through tokens 

• A venture investment market, in terms of increasing the attractiveness of investments in 
start-ups, by providing access to private investors for top performing projects which 

were previously accessible only to venture funds  

• A small business lending market, in terms of volume, which may be converted into 
investments through an ICO 

• A P2P lending market, in terms of its social component, can be repeated in investments 
through an ICO, based on the platform operated by United Traders. 

We envision the following future for the cryptocurrency exchange 

• The upside potential of any cryptocurrency exchange is limited by rules typical for the 
volume of transactions involving any foreign exchange worldwide.  

• We expect that development of crypto economy will result in substitution of leather 
wallets and bank cards with electronic devices storing a great number of various token 

names. Each wallet or eye retina (i.e. no device is required) holder will keep money in 

his or her tokens representing the items used in his or her real life, irrespective of the 

investment component.  

• Thus, each exchange of goods or services will trigger that of tokens through a central 
exchange token or without the same, as the case may be. A proper market place is 

required to support the foregoing economic environment. 

In terms of the Mega dictionary 

A Wikipedia with authors who seek to derive profit where no altruism is possible. This is 

like capitalism vs socialism. As such, a blockchain technology affords unlimited 

opportunities to develop the advertising business, primarily through reliable feedback in 

the form of payments by advertisers. The reader gets useful information from the 

dictionary (advertising platform) and then buys the advertised product. Through a self-

optimizing system, the author who is the expert gets reliable feedback based on demand 

for his work. This way the system will be endlessly filled with new, useful information. 

 

Based on the reasoning of the possibilities of service tokenization and taking advantage 

of the favorable market environment for our projects, we hold a Token sale.  

Each project is described in more detail and in an old-fashioned manner in the following 

three sections.  



 

8 

 
UT Investment Marketplace. 
Project Profile 

 
Page of an investment idea. Fragment 

 

The concept of the Investment Marketplace by United Traders Project consists of the 

development of an investment platform representing a venue, meeting place, or location, 

where prospects for cooperation prospects are analyzed both by investors and business 

representatives.  

For purposes hereof, “business representatives” shall mean projects or companies of any 

maturity, ranging from start-ups to major companies worldwide. Any user coming up with 

his or her own investment idea need not be an official business representative.  

However, an investment idea may be related, for instance, to a share purchase 

transaction. 

The policy pursued by UT Investment Marketplace provides a focus on private investors 

holding small or medium-size capital resources. However, it does not mean that this 

platform cannot be used by major companies or financial institutions. 

 

 

 

 

 

Launched on October 17, 2010 

https://unitedtraders.com/investments 

 



 

9 

 

My Investments page 

 

Generally, UT Investment Marketplace is an online shop offering investment ideas on one 

hand, and a venue for the presentation of ideas on the other. Each idea is made subject 

to a detailed assessment by an expert community. Initially, this community is represented 

by UT employees. Subsequently, the foregoing assessment is made by vote, which 

involves the users themselves. High quality voting is guaranteed by having different 

weights cast by various users. For purposes hereof, “weight” represents the user’s 

experience, which is recorded in the blockchain. 

At this point, a list of available investments includes strategies pursued by traders 

engaged by United Traders at the stock and cryptocurrency markets. Moreover, ideas for 

investments in shares for companies intending to initiate an IPO at a stock exchange, 

private companies (OTC), or start-up tokens (ICO) will be included as well. 



 

10 

 
UT Investment Marketplace. 
Action Plan 

As of October 2017, the inner portion of the platform designed for investors has been 

completed. However, it is expected to continue developing over time, so that users will 

be able to offer their own investment ideas. In addition, a good share of work related to a 

system intended to support the community will feature the following: 

• Assignment of rating points for any activity which may be deemed to be expert 

• Storing rating points in the blockchain database 

• Voting arrangements related to making any respective idea available through the 
platform 

The outer portion is represented by a Web interface with primary functions designed to 

be used by investors and existing investment ideas as well. Moreover, we intend to 

develop a mobile application for iOS and Android.  

Localization is another material part of the platform layout development. The platform is 

currently available in Russian, and certain parts have already been translated into English. 

We will translate all systems into English in the near future, then launch advertising and 

promotion campaigns. Further, the translation will be made into Spanish, Portuguese, 

Japanese, Chinese and other languages as well. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Prototype of an investment 

marketplace for mobile 

devices. Fragment 

 



 

11 

 

 

List of ICOs with the opportunity to learn the details and participate directly on the United Traders website 

 

Development of investment ideas will be primarily represented by new ICO projects 

implemented through our proprietary platform. We will deliver several approaches to ICO-

based investments, including, but not limited to, the following: 

• ICO UT - pre-sale of tokens related to projects implemented with the direct 
involvement of United Traders. Any start-up may propose a project for which an 

assessment could be provided using our mentor and consulting support, and we may 

further post it to our investment platform, making it available to investors. UT Traders 

and Type C strategies managers will act as investors as well   

• Pre ICO - we agree with major projects initiating ICO, and engage them in pre-sale 
activities on an exclusive basis (i.e. purchase of a considerable number of tokens for a 

large discount).  Subsequently, we post to our investment platform an investment idea 

which provides for the purchase of tokens related to this project on similar, exclusive 

terms, but subject to a minimum entry threshold. Thus, we will have a pool of customers 

with an aggregate purchase price equal to that which we spent to buy tokens. So, a 

small investor will be afforded an opportunity to participate in ICO in any project 

whatsoever, on exclusive terms and conditions which are available to major customers 

only  

• ICO - we consider various scenarios for affording an opportunity to buy tokens related 

to all or the greatest possible number of projects through our proprietary platform. 

Thus, any user will be able to buy tokens with regard to any project whatsoever, by 

way of using a common interface and analytical data delivered by United Traders’ 

experts 

  



 

12 

 

 

 

 

 

In our opinion, widespread tokenization of shares in private companies will represent the 

next stage of crypto industry development. We intend to take the lead in this activity, 

focusing primarily on the legal components thereof. Nowadays, our investors buy shares 

in private companies and have limited opportunities to sell the same. We seek to increase 

the number of investment ideas related to shares in non-public companies. To make this 

more attractive, we intend to create opportunities to sell these shares to other platform 

users. Subsequently, by way of tokenization, we will grant access to this feature to any 

user with a blockchain account (either existing or created by us). Release of those tokens 

will also contribute to the further development of UTEX as a pioneer in supporting related 

trading sessions.  

Initial platform followers will include UT investors who have been working with the 

company since 2013, as well as representatives of the cryptocurrency market audience 

who learned about the same from either United Traders’ experts during training sessions, 

from reports delivered at various conferences, or as a result of broad-scale activities 

performed in social networks.  

A principal focus is made on involvement of new users through UT Affiliates (a partner 

network) and the UTMagazine Web portal (Mega dictionary). 

Any profit generated will come from fees payable by investors for participation in any 

relevant idea, and authors of investment ideas who post them to our proprietary platform. 

As soon as reasonably practicable upon ICO, we will add features which support payment 

of fees through UT tokens. We will offer a discount to those who make payments using 

our tokens, thus offering more favorable terms and conditions thereto. Initially, the price 

will be a dynamic one and linked to quoted prices for UT tokens. Thereafter, as soon as 

UT token prices become less volatile and upon higher capitalization of tokens which have 

been already released, we will cease to support the foregoing dynamic pricing structure 

and switch to payment methods which provide for the use of UT tokens. 



 

13 

 
UT Investment Marketplace. 
Objectives 

The global objective pursued through the development of the UT Investment Marketplace 

is that it shall become an additional name for the venture investment industry. That is to 

say, United Traders shall be on the front mind of any person with a bright idea he or she 

intends to put into action as soon as reasonably practicable.   

In line with expertise gained in the field of development of investment products, and the 

impact a well-established interface has on product performance, we believe that the 

following goals may be achieved by investor users by the end of 2018: 

• It is estimated that we will be able to subscribe roughly 30,000 - 100,000 active users 
by the end of 2018  

• A deposit made by any user will average USD 20,000  

• The user’s lifetime average will total five or more years 

• Profit derived from the platform operation will amount to 2-3% of the annual average 
investor’s deposit 



 

14 

 
UTEX as a Cryptocurrency Exchange. 
Project Profile 

 
Aurora Trading Platform of United Traders 

 

United Traders Exchange (UTEX) is a project based on the development of a venue 

where crypto currencies and tokens are traded. A user-friendly interface adapted for 

trading U.S. shares and high performance shall ensure user engagement and high 

liquidity promoted by professional market makers operating on stock exchanges. 

User Interface	

We have been developing exchange business software since 2011. Aurora, our flagship 

product, represents a client application designed to support trading concurrently on 

several exchanges. We specialize primarily in the U.S. shares market, i.e. a marketplace 

where thousands of instruments are traded. As such, the Aurora interface by default is 

designed to support prompt and convenient trading operations which involve a huge 

number of instruments.  And this is a real advantage over existing interfaces of 

cryptocurrency exchanges.  

Whenever you need to open or close positions for dozens of instruments, you spend far 

less time making any respective transaction compared with other interfaces in a similar 

context, which suffer from scalability problems (for instance, existing cryptocurrency 

exchanges). 

Liquidity	

Another problem faced by exchanges is even more important.  It is related to liquidity 

supply. Low liquidity for most marketplaces is a chicken-and-egg dilemma. No liquidity 

means no users. If there are no users, liquidity is unavailable. 

 

UTEX is based on: 

https://unitedtraders.com/trading/aurora 



 

15 

 

Aurora Manager allows you to manage a group of traders 

 

Our team possesses proper knowledge to ensure high liquidity through our market 

makers. Our team is experienced in launching trading of new instruments, and maintaining 

quoted prices upon request by major exchanges. Acting as a market maker, we have 

launched trading of European and U.S. shares on stock exchanges in Russia (MOEX and 

SPBEX). Moreover, we have proper knowledge and skills in trading market making 

strategies in relation to U.S. and Russian shares, futures and options, at our expense when 

no one else pays for maintaining the required liquidity. We successfully maintain quoted 

prices and derive profit from these activities. 

We intend both to involve our own team, and afford an opportunity to a wide range of 

professional traders to act as market makers. As such, a flexible incentive program has 

been developed, and a highly efficient exchange infrastructure will translate this into 

reality. 

Users	

Professional traders engaged by United Traders, and investors who have been granted 

access to the Investment Marketplace, will become the pioneers in exchange users. This 

product is aimed at the general public. We intend to involve sophisticated traders, miners, 

and cryptocurrency funds.   

The legal component of this project will play an important role. We seek to provide any 

bank being subject to strict local rules and regulations an opportunity to participate in 

such trading as soon as reasonably practicable. 



 

16 

 
UTEX as a Cryptocurrency Exchange. 
Action Plan 

 

 

Aurora	

Aurora will become a pioneer product, designed to grant access to a trading platform. As 

such, we have developed a program of phased UTEX launching which shall allow it to 

mitigate process risks, and at full-scale operation ensure availability of sufficient liquidity. 

Initially, we will launch trading on third party cryptocurrency exchanges through Aurora. 

HitBTC will become a pioneer exchange in this regard. Subsequently, a list of available 

exchanges shall include more exchanges. 

Smart Route	

Adding a feature which allows it to choose a dedicated method of order execution (Smart 

route UT), shall become the second phase of this project.  It is designed to enable 

execution of large orders at the best prices by way of distributing a certain part of orders 

concurrently among several cryptocurrency exchanges. 

It’s worth noting that the technology employed when executing such orders is of particular 

importance. The higher the performance of any respective exchange is, the more the 

efforts required to execute any relevant order with proper quality. 

For more information, please read “The Flash Boys” by Michael Lewis. Since 2009, we 

have been maintaining a similar track to characters described in this book. It will enable 

you to get to the crucks of technologies we offer in full. 

Dark pool	

Subsequently, we will add another venue to Smart route. This will be UTEX operating 

without quoted prices and an opportunity to issue limit orders. A market maker shall 

ensure liquidity inside a dark pool. Moreover, we intend to engage major traders to 

execute orders through our proprietary platform. Any such trader will be allowed to issue 

orders in a dark pool, which are then executed without any impact on the market. 

 



 

17 

 

UTEX	

Further, we will grant access to quoted prices and enable traders to issue limit orders. 

As soon as this is complete, UTEX shall be deemed as being in full-scale operation. 

Updated Interface	

We have already performed a number of tests with Web and mobile platform interfaces. 

In 2018, we intend to introduce an exchange Web interface and subsequently a mobile 

version. 

UT Tokens	

Starting in January 2018, UTT tokens are expected to be used to pay for trading services. 

Initially, this will be a feature which enables a user to pay for a platform, and then any 

trading fee or any amount payable to the exchange as soon as UTEX is launched.  

Traders are expected to make extensive use of this feature due to lower costs incurred 

versus payment in any other type of currency.  

Thus, we will promote adoption of UTT tokens as a payment method by traders. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Prototype of crypto- 

exchange for mobile 

devices. Fragment 



 

18 

 
UTEX as a Cryptocurrency Exchange. 
Objectives 

 

Turnover of traders trading in US stocks, 

$ mln per month 
 

Approximate turnover of exchanges, 

mln $ per month 

 Excluded traders, whose strategies are focused 

on the specifics and infrastructure of sites 

 Coinmarketcap,_25.09.2017 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The turnover generated by traders engaged by United Traders, and trading in U.S. shares, 

totals approximately USD 1.5 billion per month. We believe that since there is no 

fundamental difference between a wide range of American shares, futures, and 

cryptocurrencies from a trading standpoint, a considerable number of investors will 

commence trading cryptocurrencies. However, we do not take into account traders 

pursuing strategies which are based on specific features of American exchanges only.  

An additional volume will be generated by traders who commenced trading 

cryptocurrencies on third party exchanges, and are interested in using Aurora from a 

desktop trading platform on a daily basis. 

Thus, we set a goal to be among the TOP10 cryptocurrency exchanges within several 

months after commencement of full-scale operations.  

Moreover, by the end of 2018, we expect to be among the TOP3 cryptocurrency 

exchanges in terms of trade volume. 



 

19 

 
Mega Dictionary. Project Profile 

 

 

The fundamental idea of the Mega Dictionary project is that a multi-language information 

portal will be introduced with user friendly and easy to use semantic structure, which 

guarantees availability of accurate, updated, reliable and exhaustive information free-of-

charge. 

Generally, the Mega Dictionary Web site will represent a common dictionary with a search 

engine and topic-based classification of articles, smart interlinks and pop-up prompts 

related to definitions being searched, inter alia with relevant audio and video materials, 

enabling a user to get the maximum amount of useful and up to date data. 

 

 

 

The main source of traffic will be organic, i.e. it will be generated by users forwarded from 
search systems upon any respective request. 

The second largest source will be represented by users who enter the portal directly, and 

are entirely satisfied with the results of previous interactions with the portal. 

The third largest source will be represented by social networks. 

The Web site content will include topic-based vocabularies, with terms and their 

respective definitions, and a wide range of information articles on diverse subjects, which 

elaborate on their headings. 

The principal source of profit expected to be generated by the Web portal will come from 

the search engine, banner, and other advertisements available in the vocabulary entries 

and topic-based articles, with payment made on a CPA basis. Afterwards, we intend to 

introduce additional sources for Web site profits, such as paid articles posted by our 

customers, users subscribing to paid services, and exchanges where articles can be 

traded, and authors and translators able to offer their services. 

The Mega Dictionary Project is meant to ensure availability of new users of the ecosystem 

operated by United Traders to the fullest extent. 

We intend to introduce blockchain technologies in the system designed to assign rating 

points and make payments to authors. 



 

20 

 
Mega Dictionary. Action Plan 

 

 

We expect to start writing articles in English, Spanish and Russian. 

In 2018, a maximum of 100,000 dictionary entries will be made for each language (terms 

and definitions), and 100,000 information articles will be posted to the Web portal with a 

relevance horizon of at least five years.  

The price per article will vary depending on size, and commence at USD 0.50 per 1,000 

characters. Each category will be assigned its own minimum, maximum and target size. In 

view of specific features of various languages worldwide and different rates, the price 

range may vary from between USD1.00 - 50.00 per article. 

Our experience gained through interaction with authors in Russia (utmagazine.ru) showed 

that any author is able to generate a maximum of 10 articles a day, depending on the size 

thereof. The time required to check these is limited by the number of moderators and 
editors, as well as resources available thereto (i.e. automatic checking of spelling and 

uniqueness of text). Each moderator engaged on a full-time basis will be able to check 

and approve a maximum of 35 articles a day, depending on the size and complicacy of 

the subject. A maximum of two months will be required to engage 500 authors and 100 

moderators who speak Russian. 

Moderators and editors will also be employed from reputable authors. A strict rating 

system will avoid a situation where a moderator could be hired to check his or her own 

article. Moderators will be engaged both on a fixed remuneration (daily fixed number of 

articles to be checked) and a per-piece rate pay basis. 

Initially, developers, authors and moderators will be paid at the company’s expense. 

To pay authors and moderators out of funds made available by advertisers, we will need 

to initially have 50,000 articles per language. Thereafter, Web site traffic will generate 

over 50,000 unique visitors per day for each language, allowing it to seek prospective 

advertisers as early as Q2 2018. Further increase of organic traffic and expansion of the 

user base shall enable us to make future payments using funds made available by 

advertisers alone. It is expected that this will be possible as soon as late 2018 or early 

2019. 

 



 

21 

 
Mega Dictionary. Objectives 

Languages expected to be used over time will be Chinese, Japanese, Korean, 

Portuguese and French. 

In view of the proven track record of utmagazine.ru (a Web portal for traders), the 

following traffic is expected: 

• Each 50,000 dictionary entries with a size not exceeding 2,000 characters may 
generate a maximum of 1,500,000 unique users a month. 

• Each 50,000 topic-based articles with a size exceeding 5,000 characters may 
generate a maximum of 3,000,000 unique users a month 

• Thus, subject to availability of 100,000 vocabulary entries and 100,000 topic-based 
articles, a maximum of 10,000,000 unique users a month can be expected 

• The average monthly number of visits will increase annually due to availability of 
regular and new users, and could total 15,000,000 visits per month. Seasonal 

fluctuations shall be taken into consideration when forecasting Web site traffic. 

 

 

 

In Russia, traffic may decrease considerably during summer.  However, due to the higher 

volume of available content, this potential decrease could be mitigated through an 

intermittent growth of traffic during active months. Average monthly values calculated for 

a given year based on the proven track record of utmagazine.ru are made available 

hereinabove. 

The following objectives will be pursued in terms of Web site behavioral factors: 

• The average visit depth of 1.5 pages per vocabulary entry and three pages per topic-
based article results in average monthly potential page views equal to 30,000,000 

• The share of new users equal to approximately 90% will remain stable during the initial 
three years of Web site operation, then decrease to 80% thereafter. 

• The average visit time shall be equal to at least three minutes. This is expected to be a 
minimum threshold. 

FORECAST GROWTH IN ATTENDANCE BY 2019



 

22 

 
Tokens. General 

 

Total issued For UT founders and employees 

Available for Token Sale Affiliate Program and Bounty 

 

 

 

 

We accept Issued in Standard Ticker 

ETH    BTC   USD $ EUR €      Ethereum ERC20 UTT 

 

Pre-Sale – preliminary phase 

 Sale – main phase 

Start 

1.10.2017 00:00 GMT 

Finish 

30.11.2017 05:59 GMT 

 Start 

30.11.2017 09:00 GMT 

Finish 

24.12.2017 23:59 GMT 

Token price 

800 UTT = 1 ETH 

 Token price 

800 UTT = 1 ETH, and may be subject to possible increase 

should the rate of ETH/USD significantly change by the time 

the Token sale begins. 

Minimum amount per buyer 

70 ETH 

 Minimum amount per buyer 

0,1 ETH 

Maximum amount per buyer 

130 000 ETH 

 Maximum amount per buyer 

will be announced at uttoken.io on 11.30.2017 03:00 GMT 

 

All tokens not purchased before the end of the Token sale period shall be destroyed. 

In the event a buyer violates the minimum amount, his order shall go to the back of the 

queue for the purchase of U tokens during the Token sale.  

In the event a buyer violates the maximum amount, the excess amount shall go to the 

back of the queue for the purchase of U during the Token sale.  

Funds not participating in the purchase of U tokens can be withdrawn or spent after the 

completion of the Token sale.  

 



 

23 

 
Tokens. Pre-Sale Discounts 

 

When buying for	

830+ ETH 

 

When buying for	

330 ETH – 830 ETH 

 

When buying for	

165 ETH – 330 ETH 

 

When buying for	

70 ETH – 165 ETH 

 

Orders issued by one user within the Pre-sale are summed up. The total amount 

determines the discount amount. 

The amount of UTT tokens that a Pre-sale participant receives shall be recorded at the 

moment of completion. During the Pre-sale period, a participant is allowed to increase the 

purchase amount. 

In the event that the announced price of the primary Token sale is higher than the Pre-

sale price, the price for the Pre-sale participants shall remain the same, which is 1000 UTT 

= 2 ETH. However, if there is an increase in the price of the token during the Token sale, 

the discount of the participants of Pre-sale shall be accordingly increased. 



 

24 

 
Tokens. Payment and Distribution 

Token payment mechanism 

UTT tokens are paid for in ETH. 

Conversion of UTT tokens buyers’ funds in a currency other than the ETH occurs as 

follows: 

When paying in BTC, USD, EUR, the conversion rate is fixed at the Kraken (mid-price) 

exchange at the time of receipt of the funds. 

Token distribution mechanism 

At the time of registration, all participants will receive accounts in the United Traders 

system. 

Any UTT token can provide his Ethereum address at uttoken.io from the moment of 

registration and up to 27.12.2017 00:00 GMT. 

If a participant has provided his Ethereum address, then on 28.12.2017 00:00 GMT UTT 

tokens will be automatically credited there. 

If a participant has not provided his Ethereum address, then on 28.12.2017 00:00 GMT 

UTT tokens will be automatically credited to the United Traders system account. From that 

point, tokens can be manually withdrawn or used in the United Traders’ system. 



 

25 

 
Using Tokens 

Investment Marketplace 

Investors • pay fees for participation in the investment idea using U 

• exchange U tokens for project ICO tokens 

Managers • pay in U for proposed investment ideas 

• receive U per each investment idea which is properly implemented 

Startups • pay for ICO-related consulting services using U  

• are paid U for consideration of each posting to the platform 

• receive U in payment for their ICO tokens 

Experts • receive U for voting as to project ICO introduction  

• receive U for voting as to project investment idea introduction  

• receive U per each successful project duly approved 

Exchange and Trading 

Traders • pay a transaction fee using U 

Market makers • receive U for compliance with applicable requirements for the maintenance of proper 
liquidity 

Startups • pay a fee for the commencement of trading of their tokens using U 

Experts • receive U for assessment of tokens admission for public trading 

Mega Dictionary 

Advertisers • pay for clicks or ad views using U  

• pay for articles, getting the priority right of advertising, using U	

• get U as payment for their services for users 

Editors • get U	for editing articles 

• get U	for making articles 

• get U	for optimizing articles for search engines 

Authors • get U	for clickthroughs in their articles 

Translators • get U	from the authors for translation 

 



 

26 

 
Token Price Outlook 

The UT token price is a certain part of the aggregate price for all tokens duly issued. 

The higher the aggregate price is, the more the price for each individual token increases 

as well. 

Therefore, the aggregate price for all tokens issued depends on the following: 

• First and foremost, the scope of services rendered through the platform operated by 
United Traders, and where UT tokens are employed. If the scope expands, the 

aggregate token price is increased 

• The number of tokens held by investors and crypto funds. Long-term holding of tokens 
results in their withdrawal from circulation, thus affecting liquidity when these may be 

purchased by those who intend to make use of services offered through the platform. 

The lower the liquidity, the higher the price received by the purchaser of tokens 

• Re-purchase of tokens by United Traders. We plan to buy back tokens from the market 
if the price is below our fair estimate. 

• Due to excessive demand remaining after the ICO, the price at the commencement of 
trading on the exchange may exceed the ICO price by 100-300%. Excessive demand 

for tokens will be generated by active promotion thereof, and low limits for the number 

of tokens which may be purchased by a single buyer 

• By way of launching new products supporting UT tokens, and promoting the token 
price extensively during the course of the year after commencement of trading, shall 

increase its price by several times 



 

27 

 
Tokens and Legal Concerns 

Token Legal Status 

A digital token by UT is a cryptographically protected method of granting the right to 

make use of services and products purchased using such token through a platform 

operated by United Traders. 

The ownership of UT tokens does not enable the user to derive or receive profit, 

revenues or other amounts or payments as a result of any such purchase, holding, 

management, administration, exercise, restoration or expiry of any of the rights, shares or 

property rights or interest in United Traders or its platform or any other property 

whatsoever held by United Traders (or any part thereof). 

Any purchaser of UT tokens shall bear all risks and be subject to restrictions related and 

applicable to digital tokens, cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies, including but 

not limited to, the following:  

• Risk of unavailability of access to tokens as a result of loss of a privacy key or keys 

• Risks related to Ethereum platform protocol 

• Risks of computer attacks and those arising from security system weak points 

• Risk of loss arising from a lower token price 

• Risks related to inefficient regulations and/or enforcement measures taken by the 
regulator  

Citizens or residents of any geographical area where access to or use of cryptocurrencies 

or digital tokens is prohibited by applicable laws, orders, rules, regulations, agreements or 

administrative acts shall not be allowed to purchase and use UT tokens. This is the case 

as well when any purchaser or user is not a U.S. citizen or resident (including, but not 

limited to, for the purpose of applicable tax laws and regulations), holds neither a green 

card nor a U.S. residence permit and is not in the United States of America or his or her 

principal or predominant place of residence is outside the foregoing territory. 

 

  



 

28 

Howey Test 

Pursuant to general practices employed by cryptocurrency markets, any company which 

issues tokens shall make such tokens subject to the Howey test.  This is done to check 

whether any relevant token is a share or not. If it is proven that any respective token is a 

share with a probability of at least 50%, then it shall be registered by the SEC, provided 

that it is intended to be offered for sale to non-qualified investors residing in the USA.  

We do not allow buying of tokens by U.S. investors. 

Most companies apply to the relevant consultants, auditors or attorneys for the so-called 

‘legal opinion’ to be issued for marketing purposes. We have consulted with 

representatives of leading law firms in New York, and they explained that the so-called 

‘legal opinion’ issued upon the Howey test is not deemed to be a legitimate document 

evidencing the relevant status of a token.  This is just an opinion expressed by an expert 

executing the same. As a rule, any such opinion is confidential and is not intended to be 

published in any publicly available source (i.e. Web sites or White Papers). 

We have performed our own Howey test of UT tokens pursuant to generally acceptable 

and existing practices. The result was that it was been proven to not be a share with a 

probability of 80%.  The only reason for it failing to be assigned a probability of 100% is 

that certain holders thereof may have expectations for a token price increase, and as a 

result they are motivated to buy the same for speculative purposes. However, it neither 

affects nor limits the sale of UT tokens to purchasers, and has no impact on further use 

thereof through the platform operated by United Traders. This information shall be taken 

into consideration by all prospective buyers prior to the purchase thereof. 

Interaction with the U.S. Investors	

The U.S. capital market is of strategic importance to our company. As such, we have held 

extensive consultations with experienced legal advisers from the USA to develop a 

strategy for the incorporation of proper legal entities, the receipt of required licenses and 

permits by the SEC to provide relevant investment services, and the issuance of tokens 

and the establishment of an exchange for the subsequent circulation thereof, as well as 

cryptocurrencies and investment products. Upon foregoing consultations and the 

development of a final action plan related to the U.S. market, the White Paper may be 

amended for the permitted purchase of tokens and use thereof by U.S. investors. 



 

29 

 
Road Map. Plans 

Second stage of UT Magazine dictionary 
October 2017 
We will start to gradually expand the range of subject 

matters covered by the financial dictionary available 

through UT Magazine and translate it into other languages, 

thus granting access thereto to authors from other states 

as well. We are sure that the number of visits will increase 

dramatically in a few months as soon as the first entries are 

made. Subsequently, we will grant access thereto to a 

wide range of advertisers.	

 

UT Education updated interface  ·  November 2017 
UT Education updated interface combined with other 

platforms shall make the user path easier. Just click the 

relevant section and start to learn. Moreover, traders, 

investors and partners will be able to keep up with recent 

news having regard to the educational platform. This 

includes further training sessions, new tutors, or translation 

of any course into any new language.	

 
Personal section of pupil 

Affiliates UT updated interface  ·  November 2017 
A partner program developed by UT will become more 

challenging for professional traffic arbitrageurs giving the 

opportunity to embody registration widgets in a Web site, 

download landings, and improve analytical data.	

 
Affiliate's personal section 



 

30 

 

Trader’s account updated interface  ·  December 2017 
We intend to launch a trader’s account which will be more 

convenient for newbies. Moreover, it will be more user 

friendly and easy to use for advanced traders. In the 

business context, it shall ensure higher conversion from 

registration to a loaded account.	

 
PnL graph in Trader's personal section 

Cryptocurrency exchanges and Aurora 
interconnection  ·  December 2017	
Traders engaged by United Traders will be able to convert 

fiat balances into cryptocurrency balances and thus be 

assigned limits required to trade on the cryptocurrency 

exchanges connected to the platform. A phased 

interconnection of exchanges is expected, where HitBTC 

will become a pioneer of this process 

 
Selecting crypto exchange in Level 2 window of Aurora 

Launch of ICO based on the investment platform  ·  
January 2018 
Immediately upon ICO launched by United Traders further 

investment ideas are expected to be introduced as 

follows:  

1. ICO enables you to enter any ICO from a common 

interface;  

2. Pre ICO allows you to participate in Pre ICO and enjoy 

more favorable terms and conditions, even if you do not 

possess large capital resources for individual terms and 

conditions to apply.	

 
List of ICO's in Investment Marketplace 

 

 

 



 

31 

 

UT tokens used as an instrument of payment  ·  
January 2018 
Any user making use of services offered by United 

Traders will be able to pay by UT tokens. This 

method of payment will be more attractive versus any 

other payment vehicle.	

 

"My accounts" in the personal section, including the account of the tokens 

Smart route UT released  ·  Q1 2018 
Smart route UT will be developed in parallel to 

interconnection of further cryptocurrency exchanges 

to Aurora. Users will be able to execute large orders 

at more favourable prices. 

 

 

Aurora updated interface  ·  Q1 2018 
To ensure higher accessibility of UT trading for 

newbies, a Web version of Aurora platform is being 

developed. Professional traders will be able to 

monitor their positions without a feature allowing it to 

launch a desktop version, while newbies will adapt to 

a new trading business faster. Moreover, this will be 

the primary UTEX interface.	

 
Prototype of Web Trading Platform 

 

 



 

32 

 

Launch of a cryptocurrency dark pool  ·  Q1-2 2018 
Initial release of UTEX will be available in a dark pool format. That is 

a liquidity pool which is not visible for a user and tested by Smart 

route UT before it is used on other exchanges. 

 

Fully operational UTEX (a cryptocurrency exchange) launched  
·  Q2-3 2018 
For the purpose hereof, ‘fully operational’ shall mean that dark pool 

quoted prices are available to all users, order routing to other 

exchanges is switched off and fast API is accessible to algorithmic 

traders and market makers. 

 

United Traders community launched  ·  Q3-4 2018	
We expect to launch a blockchain-based rating system by the end of 

2018, which shall allow it to transfer an internal project-related 

decision-making process to users, thus making platforms more 

scalable and self-contained. 

 

Platform mobile version released  ·  Q3-4 2018	
Immediately upon the ICO, we expect to commence development of 

mobile applications for services which previously have been 

introduced with Web interfaces. Allegedly, in 3-6 months, various 

mobile interfaces will be released with the Investment Marketplace 

being a pioneer of this process.	

 
Decentralized UTDEX launched  ·  2018_	

A chat forum which allows interaction of trainees as part of the 

educational program implementation, as well as traders and risk 

managers operating through Aurora, will represent one of the built-in 

components of the UT systems. We intend to launch a pilot 

decentralized exchange based on the foregoing messenger service 

in 2018.	

 
Licensing  ·  2018_	

Licensing required launching an exchange and investment platform 

in a recognizable jurisdiction with positive regulation of 

cryptocurrencies and ICO. 

 

Tokenization of shares in the companies  ·  N/A	
We expect to purchase shares in non-public companies and issue 

tokens representing the same. Any broker will be able to trade 

these tokens and exchange them for shares through United Traders. 

The implementation timeframe has not been defined yet due to 

open legal issues.	

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This road map is indicative and further plans may 

and will be adjusted depending on the market 

environment, legislative developments with regard 

to cryptocurrencies and the progress of United 

Traders. In the context of these adjustments, 

business success and the common use of UT 

tokens are fundamental and driving factors, rather 

than strict adherence to the road map so 

declared. 

 



 

33 

 
Road Map. Completed stages 

 

Development of the UT brand  ·  February 2009 
United Traders was incorporated as a proprietary 

trading company. The primary specialization is 

intraday trading of U.S. shares. Founders: Roman 

Vishnevsky, Dmitry Belousov and Anatoly 

Radchenko, traders from Swift Trade (Canada) and 

Dimension Trading (USA).	

First office of United Traders, 2009 

 

First workshops  ·  2010 
A proprietary trading business model provides for 

continuous training of newbies selected after holding 

respective tests and interviews. However, in view of 

the suggestions expressed by applicants, we 

launched paid training sessions as well. This involved 

Doors Open Days and public events held in various 

cities in Russia, Ukraine, Belarus and Kazakhstan. 

 

Seminar for Employees, 2010 

 

 

Arche launched  ·  2011 
A platform for active traders dealing with U.S. shares 

was developed by UT after several attempts to launch 

algorithmic trading, which gained general recognition 

by traders operating in the NYSE and NASDAQ.	

 
Arche Trading Platform 

 



 

34 

 

UT Magazine launched  ·  2011 
The online magazine for traders was introduced.	

 

UT Magazine 

 

Global training sessions launched  ·  2011 
Paid trading-related workshops rapidly transformed 

into practical training sessions for traders. All 

attendees were afforded an opportunity to become 

traders engaged by UT. Each trainee attending a 

practical training session was and is still granted 

access to his or her personal account with 

purchasing power starting from USD 20,000 and 

ending up with several millions subject to adherence 

to applicable risk management rules. 

 

United Traders Founders. Photo — Forbes 

 

 

Aurora launched  ·  2012 
A great number of professional traders operating on 

the stock and future exchanges in Russia were 

interested in the services we offered. Instead of 

adding markets to Arche, we developed another 

platform capable of supporting trading activities at 

numerous markets and a great number of traders 

operating in parallel. Thus, a multilingual platform 

emerged which is designed to be used by active 

traders (Aurora). Currently, it supports operations at 

the NYSE, NASDAQ, BATS, ARCA, CME, CBOE, 

CBOT, EUREX, MOEX, SPBEX, Kraken and BTC-e 

(previously).	

 
Aurora Trading Platform of United Traders 

 

 



 

35 

 

Kvadrat Black launched  ·  2012 
In response to regular requests filed by the UT target 

audience, a pool of algorithmic strategies was 

generated to enable each user thereof to trade U.S. 

shares with low risks and a 20-30% rate of return in 

USD. The foregoing pool is being continuously 

updated. Poor strategies are removed and 

substituted with more efficient ones. Between 2013-

2016, Kvadrat Black strategies were employed to 

manage the like-named hedge fund and received 

various prizes. In winter 2017, the fund was closed 

and the foregoing strategies included in the list of 

investment ideas of the Investment Marketplace was 

being developed.	

 

Net PnL of Kvadrat Black Investors 

 

Development of a financial vocabulary  ·  2014 
In 2014, we focused on our new target audience (i.e. 

newbies). As such, we showed good performance 

through the use of our financial vocabulary. It took six 

months to make the relevant entries related to 

trading and finance, and these activities allowed us to 

increase the overall number of visits by 25 times 

during the next twelve months. Analytical data 

showed that this model is scalable, and the foregoing 

value may be increased by hundreds of times. 

 
Articles list in financial vocabulary 

 

IPO launched  ·  2015 
IPO supported by United Traders created an 

opportunity to buy shares in a company at the price 

offered during the IPO, then sell the same shares 

upon expiry of a lock-up period varying from 3 to 6 

months. It represented a good extension of the range 

of our proprietary investment products. This tool was 

appreciated by those who were seeking to earn 

more and were ready to bear higher risks. Nowadays, 

most investment ideas described hereinabove show 

good performance.	

 
Fragment of keynote 

 



 

36 

 

Affiliates UT released  ·  January 2017 
In January 2017, a pioneer component of a new back 

end was released (a partner program). It enables the 

user to engage customers and derive profit from 

these activities. Both regular users recommending UT 

services to their friends and professional traffic 

arbitrageurs may earn profits. The partner program 

has been developed as a strategic solution designed 

to solicit customers instead of entering into a highly 

competitive market of traffic purchases operating 

through search engines and social networks.	

 

Landings and banners in affiliate personal section 

 

OTC stocks launched  ·  January 2017 
A purchase of shares in a non-public company is an 

opportunity to create a transaction with a rate of 

return of at least 100-200-300% and more. We select 

companies which carry out business comparable to 

that of quoted corporations. A buyer may wait for IPO 

and withdraw from the position, or sell his or her 

shares to another investor at a negotiated price. 

 

 
Fragment of keynote 

 

UT Crypto launched  ·  June 2017 
We have been investing into cryptocurrencies since 

2013. We purchased Bitcoin in the range from USD 

30.00 to USD 50.00. Immediately upon 

commencement of a cryptocurrency boom in 2017 

we launched the Type C strategy (an investment 

idea). This is a pool of strategies for those investing in 

cryptocurrencies, funds and shares in companies and 

deriving profit from a blockchain revolution. Most 

investors appreciated this easy to use tool designed 

to invest into the cryptocurrency market. 

	
 

Fragment of keynote 

 



 

37 

 

Education UT released  ·  July 2017 
Upon the launch of Affiliates UT, this was the first 

release of a service based on an advanced IT 

platform. It supported the entire range of functions of 

the platform back end, and MVP of its front end. This 

new platform allows it to add new tutors and launch 

further training sessions in a few hours. It justified its 

long-standing development as early as within the 

initial months of operation by offering higher 

conversion and a great volume of positive feedback 

from its users.	

 

Courses list in UT Education 

 

Investment marketplace launched  ·  
October 2017 
All major projects are now accessible from a common 

interface at www.unitedtraders.com. Nowadays, a 

back end of the educational platform and partner 

program is tested at full load. The initial release of the 

interface included an Investment Marketplace and 

several updated sections. 

 
Page of Investment idea. Fragment 



 

38 

 
Expenditure Pattern 

Preliminary spending targets related to projects expected to be implemented as part of the foregoing 

road map can be seen below. Any cost item may be adjusted after modification of development 

programs and deliverables made available upon implementation of any specific project. 

 

Main Items 
Development 23% 

 

Product team 22% 
 

Marketing and advertising 18% 
 

Legal costs 15% 
 

 

Special Items 
ICO projects 8% 

 

Market Making UTEX 8% 
 

Mega dictionary content 6% 
 

 

Development. However, they may serve as a backbone 

for further teams.  We expect to put our ideas into 

practice by way of engaging a team which includes 90-

120 developers as well as third party contractors involved 

to pursue dedicated objectives. Primary skills: Java, JS, 

C++, C#, iOS, Android. 

Product Team. This is a team seeking to evolve any 

respective platform and being able to set objectives for 

developers, analyze market data and product 

performance, make proper adjustments, develop a 

strategy designed to communicate with users, etc. The 

number of team members will increase, thus ensuring 

product development and localization at markets 

worldwide. Availability of the following skills is a must:  

product and project management, analytics, design, 

development of the content of any form whatsoever, 

traffic management, SEO, SMM, CRM, PR and e-mail 

marketing etc.  The target headcount by the end of 2018 

shall total 75-100 team members. 

Marketing and Advertising. We expect to use a relatively 

low advertising budget efficiently though high-quality 

analysis of pilot project results. For purposes hereof, 

‘marketing’ shall mean budget-intensive projects rather 

than aimed at purchasing traffic directly. 

Legal Costs. The fundamental factor which potentially 

may have a direct impact on the application of proceeds 

derived from token sales is the legal component. If 

deemed reasonable, these costs may total 5-50% of the 

overall amount. The higher legal costs will be 

compensated with the lower expenditures included in 

other items and extended time frame for implementation 

of any of the scheduled events described in the road 

map. 

Investment in ICO Projects. To engage advanced 

projects on exclusive terms and conditions, we will 

buy their tokens at the initial stage. This amount shall 

represent equity capital or be used as a fundamental 

component of another investment product available 

to investors similar to Type C strategies. 

Market Making UTEX. To attract more market 

makers, we resolved to introduce a loyalty program 

which is traditionally employed on stock exchanges. 

Initially, we will pay market makers for a fixed 

number of price quotations subject to a predefined 

spread within at least 95% of a trading session time. 

Further, this system will be substituted with 

considerably lower fees payable by participants who 

generate liquidity.  

Mega Dictionary Content. Initially we will launch a 

hybrid model designed to make payments to authors 

to accelerate project implementation. The foregoing 

payments will be made from the funds obtained from 

the ICO. A transfer to funds paid by advertisers (as 

soon as any respective advertisement is viewed) will 

be made following a phased approach. This shall 

initially allow it to increase the number of authors 

available through this forum at an explosive pace. 



 

39 

 
Team. Management 

United Traders is a well-developed and coordinated team, proven by time. We are able to 

tackle global problems and have all the necessary expertise. 

 

  

Roman Vishnevsky 
Managing Partner 

Swift Trade, Higher School of 

Economics. 

Anatoly Radchenko 
Managing Partner 

Dimension Trading, Saint Petersburg 

State University ITMO. 

  

Dmitry Belousov 
Managing Partner 

Swift Trade, Bauman Moscow State 

Technical University. 

Alexander Kurdyukov 
Technical Director 

Aeroflot, Alfa Bank, Lomonosov Moscow 

State University. 

 

 

Three of the company's four partners started their careers as professional traders at U.S. 

and Canadian proprietary trading companies. Having established their own proprietary 

trading company, they quickly began to diversify the business. At some point, the 

development of a proprietary trading platform became one of the most important areas of 

work, and an extremely competent leader was required to take charge of the IT team. 

This manager took the role of technical director and became the fourth manager on the 

team. 



 

40 

 
Team. Marketing 

    

 

 

EDUARD ZINKER ANTON KLEVTSOV EVGENY BELOUSOV ANDREY SHAPIRO DENIS FADEEV ALEXANDER ZHULIN 

Head of Affiliate 
Program 

Product Manager of 
UT education and 
Chief Editor of UT 
Magazine 

Product Manager of 
Aurora Trading 
Platform 

Art-director of Aurora 
Trading Platform 

UX-designer of Aurora 
Trading Platform 

UI-designer 

      

ALEXEY MARKOV DARIA GONCHAROVA SERGEY MIKHEEV ALEXANDER RUSKO ANDREY 
SHUBARTSOV 

ARTUR TOVMASYAN 

Product manager of 
Trading floor 

Head of product 
analysis 

Product analyst Community manager, 
editor of UT Magazine 

Community manager Community manager 

 

 

Our products are developed by people who are well versed in their inner workings. All 

product managers work in close dialog with developers and sellers, and constantly adapt 

products to user needs.  

Special mention should be made of the Art-director and UX-designer, representing 

Byndyusoft. The partnership started in 2011. Since then, our business relationship became 

so intimate that today we consider these top-notch professionals to be part of the team. 

They make our products Design driven. 



 

41 

 
Team. Development 

      

YEGOR DAVYDOV VADIM LITVINOV ANTON MARKELOV DENIS BURLAKA VLADIMIR 
GLUSHENKOV 

MARIA BREDELEVA 

Team lead (Investment 
marketplace) 

Team lead (Aurora, 
UTEX) 

Head of exploitation Team lead (UT 
Education, 
Magadictionary) 

Team lead (Internal 
billing, clearing, 
reports etc) 

Head of Quality 
Assuarance 

 

 

 

Our virtual office 

 

The development team is our greatest pride. It took us a long time to get to the team-

building model we have today. 90% of the team works remotely, from their homes, 

scattered thousands of kilometers.  

Five years ago it was believed that a remote team is less effective than a team 
working in an office. Now the market trend is changing due to the advancement of 

business communication technologies. We are at the forefront of this trend. We see each 

other and communicate more often than colleagues working at desks standing opposite 

one other in an office. 



 

42 

 
Team. Finance 

    

  

YAROSLAV BUTIN PAVEL URUMYAN ALEXEI NIZEV ARTEM EVSEEV   

Head of risk 
management 

Head of trading desk Head of algo trading Risk manager   

   

 

  

VLADIMIR 
BAZHENOV 

IRINA TRUSHKINA DMITRY CHEMAKOV    

Trader, mentor Chief financial officer Internal auditor    

 

Our trading performance is marked by awards. Some of our achievements include: taking 

part in trading competitions, or Bloomberg hedge fund reporting observed in real time. 

They have always been positive. 

We know a thing or two about finance. We make money rather than analyze the market. 

Our team is able to deliver truly high-quality investment ideas and pick out the best 

companies and projects. 



 

43 

 
Team. Sales 

     

 

ALEXANDER 
KHOLODOV 

ALEXANDER YURYEV SERGEY SHIMOVICH ILYA GONTOV SERGEY NIKITIN  

Investors relations Investors relations Investors relations Affiliates team Affiliates team  

   

 

  

DMITRY FIONOV OLEG ZHAROV KONSTANTIN BELOV    

Affiliates team Head of sales (Trading) Head of sales 
(Education) 

   

 

 

We have a great team developing communications with investors, partners, and 

customers. 



 

44 

 
Conclusion 

We have introduced Aurora, an excellent multimarket platform which may be used to 

directly access U.S. stock exchanges and other markets as well. 

We have created a service that will enable a trader to exchange anything for everything 
in the format of exchange trade, or in the format of an exchange point linked to asset 

storage and the payment execution machine for any individual or legal entity. 

We have created an Investment Marketplace which allows traders to put money into 
investment ideas that were previously available only to the select few. 

We are creating a platform to nurture entrepreneurial talents and to create a different 
approach to savings or investment. 

We have created an open ecosystem for the development of professional traders, which 
allows them to independently study and, subsequently, find employment in a company, 

already being an educated and profitable trader. 

We are already creating an ecosystem to build the material wealth of any man, 

regardless of his financial literacy. 

 

Join us, sincerely yours, United Traders! 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

https://uttoken.io 


