











































_universa.io 
 

 

_blockchain 
 

_platform 
 

_whitepaper 
 
 
 

 

_v1.0g 
 

_prepared_for 
 

_universa_corporation_ltd 
 

_08_sep_2017 
 

 
http://universa.io 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

The contents of this document are official and proprietary information of Universa Corporation LTD 

Distribution through non-official channels is strictly prohibited 

All rights reserved 2017 



_table_of _contents 
 

 

_synopsis 3 

Abstract 3 

Overview 4 

What It Does 5 
 

_implementation 6 

Blockchain 6 

Proof-Of-State 6 

Actors 7 

Smart Contracts 8 

Attaching Files 9 

Time Stamp 9 

Marker 9 

Nodes 10 

Clients 10 
 

_token_economics 12 

Pre-Sale and Token Generation Event 13 

Circulation & Demand 14 

Budget + Spending Plan 14 
 

_development_potential 15 

Additional Services 15 

_use_case_examples 15 

Token Contracts 15 

Common Tokens 15 

Bank-Backed Tokens 15 

Invoice Contracts 16 

Escrow Contracts 16 

Digital Exchanges or “Stock Markets” 16 

Selling an Apartment 16 

Digital Autonomous Organization “DAO” Contracts 17 

_conclusion 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



 

_synopsis 
 
 
 
 

Abstract 
 

“The future is already here — it's just not evenly distributed yet.” 
 

— William Gibson 1993, cyberpunk sci-fi author 
 

 

Distributed cryptographic ledgers back digital currencies exceeding a cumulative $140 billion 

in value, at the time of writing. Modern cryptography finally protects over half of all web traffic in the form of 

HTTP+SSL (invented 1995), according to a Q1 2017 report by the Mozilla Foundation. Mathematically-backed 

asymmetric encryption is provably safe, freely available, and at long last, widely adopted by the overwhelming 

majority of digital services that impact and empower day-to-day life for most people alive on Earth today. 

 

Over 40 years of computing advancement history has shown that earliest adopters of technologies tend 

to be hobbyists, followed by consumers, who are followed by businesses, and finally governments. In this 

regard, as quickly as digital assets like Bitcoin and Ethereum have taken the hobbyists by storm, and are now 

penetrating consumer wallets, businesses and governments alike are much slower to adapt and adopt. While 

some brave speculators are already betting their full life savings on these currencies, many businesses still 

won't yet take them as payment, and most governments do not even acknowledge their status as “money”. 

 

In these regards, cryptographic ledger “blockchain” technology can still be considered in its infancy; the 

now-famous 2009 whitepaper by the pseudonymous Satoshi Nakamoto describes only the first iteration of a 

hypothetical use-case, the digitization of money into a trustless and decentralized protocol. The second major 

iteration on this novel concept yielded Ethereum, a platform and virtual machine far beyond just a currency, 

supporting complex Smart Contract logic and a new frontier of distributed applications, or “dApps”. Neither is yet 

fully suitable for enterprise use cases where a degree of regulation and accountability is required. 

 

And thus these two applications are only the beginning of a new age in human communication and 

cooperation. Blockchains have already begun to disrupt the transmission of monies and the execution of 

software logic, but the ways they will change business logic and governmental process remain almost 

completely unexplored. It is a field wide open, ripe for innovation and the pioneering of new systems that will 

form the basis of how commerce, business and governance occur at a global scale, shaping societies and 

human culture in the coming years, decades and far, far beyond. The future is indeed here. 
 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



 
 
 
 

 

Overview 
 

Universa Platform is a new generation of blockchain technology. It uses a contract 

execution machine and distributed state ledger designed to improve on Bitcoin and Ethereum technologies by 

delivering improvements that are imperative for business adoption, with an emphasis on tokenization and 

contractual agreements. Where traditional blockchains transact primarily in currencies, Universa is designed 

to support token representation of everything from passports to boarding passes, bus tickets or taxi fares; they 

can be gift cards, vouchers, or gym membership cards. You might make a token representing your title deed, 

or just the keys to the house. 

 

While traditional blockchains record a full trustless ledger of all actions, transactions and their effects on 

a network (“fat protocol, tiny logic”), Universa improves speed and usability by maintaining an directed graph of 

the verifiable hashes of the output of all actions (“tiny protocol, fat logic”). In other words, instead of stacking 

blocks to make a single full ledger, each set of changes to a contract is applied by the clients in a separate 

contract chain (“C-Chains”) to the previous state, and the outcome is vectorized and hashed – only a signed 

signature of the state of each side-chain gets updated as the new status of the blockchain, discarding the old 

state and storing the new one. Still, each chain keeps it's own history, and any node with a copy of the 

transactions can attempt to replay them and verify that the outcome is the same, which ensures validity and 

fairness in a trusted environment. 

 

In a business-critical derivation from traditional blockchain technology, Universa does not rely on 

untrusted actors from the general public. Nodes in the Universa system are owned and operated by our 

partners; they must be licensed and authorized by Universa Corporation. They are trusted, trained, and 

audited; they provide guarantees of availability, speed, and security. Rather than mining for incentive – a 

wasteful activity which needlessly consumes gigawatts of power across the globe every hour yielding nothing – 

instead all nodes are rewarded via transaction fees for their participation in the validation and execution of 

contracts. The only “work” being done on the machines in the Universa cloud is mission-critical data handling 

and contract execution, and does not require expensive GPU hardware. Sensitive business data is not stored 

flippantly and unwittingly in unknown reaches of the globe, it is encrypted and regulated by strict organizational 

security practices (ISO 27001, 27002) making it finally possible for enterprises to trust a blockchain with 

sensitive or private business processes. 

 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



 
 
 
 

 

What It Does 
 

Universa Platform is powered by the Universa Network – a swarm of Universa Core 

nodes composing the Universa Blockchain, and supporting the Universa Secure Signed Document Service 

(codenamed “Notary Cloud”). The Blockchain is only responsible for enforcing the validity of the state of 

transactions, while Notary Cloud acts as a verifiable warehouse for signatures of the original contracts. 

 

For example, if a contract is executed that defines a “token” asset and distributes 1 token to each of 

10,000 parties, only the hash-of-the-state of the final balances would be stored and saved onto the full 

blockchain (about 90 bytes), rather than a full accounting of all ten-thousand transactions and the balances of 

all user accounts, as is the case in Bitcoin or Ethereum; therefore, any future node connecting to the network 

would then benefit from over 99.99% size reduction in synchronizing this particular execution from blockchain, 

and it need only to retain the short hash of the current state at this block height to verify it. Furthermore, since 

the hashes from each contract are summarized into the master Universa chain via directed acyclical graph 

(DAG), rather than a naive synchronously-ordered blockchain, it's possible for asynchronous actions from 

different contracts and replays to occur out-of-order and still yield the same final hashes of global state. 

 

The network is designed in this way, around contracts and their executions – “a transaction” – and each 

time an action is to be performed, all nodes are transmitted both the current state of the contract and the source of 

the operation to be performed. The state and the source are verified by hash-sum to be identical to the stored 

current state of the contract's side-chain (“C-Chains”), the operation is applied, and then the new state is hashed 

and agreed upon by 90% consensus; after a short period of time (10 days currently), the nodes are free to discard 

both the contract and the state – their hash sum signatures are stored in the Notary Cloud so later, the original 

contract can be supplied to the nodes and proven authentic – and only the hashes need be retained by nodes in the 

swarm. In this manner, the transaction speeds are hugely improved and the size of the blockchain is reduced to just 

enough information to verify the complete historical ledger. To verify a particular C-Chain, such as in triple-ledger 

accounting of the validity in a currency-like contract's balances, any actor may retain the contract source and 

transaction history (requesting, if necessary, that it be verified by Notary Cloud) and replay the actions, comparing 

the hash to the current value at the present state in the ledger. 

 
 
 
 
 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



 

_implementation 
 
 
 
 

Blockchain 
 

The Universa blockchain is a cooperative ledger of state changes, performed by 

licensed and trusted nodes, and is capable of handling thousands or tens-of-thousands of transactions per 

second(±20,000TPS, http://access.universa.io). It achieves this by performing contract executions on-client 

and verifying their output by 90% consensus algorithm in the creation of each new block. The blockchain 

doesn't need to store a full history of all transactions, as these can be kept in the side-chains by each actor 

responsible for executing them. Anything that would usually be stored in a blockchain on another platform – 

transaction records, contract sources, and digital signatures – can be later verified for authenticity in the 

associated Notary Cloud service, which is responsible for handling assets and their digital signatures, but is 

separate and distinct from the blockchain (which increases transaction speed and synchronization times). 
 
 
 

 

Proof-Of-State 
 

The Universa Nodes primary function is to 

execute contracts and verify state. Rather than 

relying on archaic mining techniques that burn 

clock cycles for no reason, in Universa, 

permission to create new blocks comes from 

participation as a licensed node. Therefore, 

rather than waiting for a new block to be mined, a 

state change can occur at any time, verified by a 

trusted actor, and often approved by consensus 

in less than ten milliseconds even at scale. Each 

separate contract maintains its 
 
own chain of state, so a contract can perform actions asynchronously without blocking or affecting other 

contracts, and the combined changes of state collectively form a directed acyclical graph (“DAG”) that makes 

up the blockchain itself. 

 
 
 

 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



 

Actors 
 

1. Nodes, which together produce Universa Notary Cloud and Universa C-Chains Ledger 
 
2. Clients – For PC, Mac, Android and iOS 
 
3. Additional services, like Universa crypto-cloud, and side entities, which will provide services via Universa  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



 

Smart Contracts 
 

In general, a Smart Contract in Universa is just executable script data stored in tree structures. It stores 

any information in the “key-value” format; each key is represented as a globally unique address, and a value 

can be fixed values, binary executable logic, dynamically executing scripts, or even references to other trees, 

addresses, and so on, allowing virtually any structure of complex nesting representations. 

 

Scripts in Smart Contracts in Universa are Turing-complete; put simply, that means that scripts can 

execute other scripts, and contain programmable logic of significant complexity. In some cases, the 
 

appropriate logic to perform a certain action and/or management can be too complicated to be 

expressed as a set of configuration properties – For example, you might want to associate a share with 

some external data, e.g, the US dollar exchange rate or a set of stock indices that will allow the share 

to be sold only under certain circumstances. While it’s almost impossible to include provisions for every 

possible scenario of this kind in the contract specifications, this could easily be achieved by an 

executable script stored within a contract. The script is a signed, non-changeable part of the contract 

that can perform any complex and intelligent logic to check complex conditions, enabling certain 

triggers and perform further respective actions as needed. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

So, in whole, a tree of smart contracts creates a Smart Contract Chain. It represents a set of smart 

contracts that reference and confirm each other. A C-Chain represents a real-world set of related documents. 

Features of each new C-chain are defined by their first, brand-new smart contract. But, once again, the 

blockchain does not store the contracts themselves, just their current status, the body of the contract is stored 

in other entities, for example – your flash card, or a crypto-cloud. That also means that you can facilitate your 

smart contracts accounting by any infrastructure, via Amazon servers or in-house hardware, and since its 

 
 

 
 

Universa Corporation 
All Rights Reserved 2014 –  2017 



execution is still signed by you and verified by the node accepting the state of the transaction, its results will 

still be trusted by all actors in the Universa platform. 

 
 
 

Attaching Files 
 

Smart contracts could include ownership of a real-world object, such as an intellectual property (IP) 

item included as an attachment, or a contract to purchase some property (usually, another smart contract). 

Any files can be added inside a contract themselves, or as a signed-verified link (which prevents 

changing of the file) for large files. Universa client will check the link’s correspondence when executing 

the SmartContract and after the Notary Cloud will certify the contract and provide a time stamp for it. 

Maximum size of a contract is 1 GB. 
 

 

Time Stamp 
 

One more important feature of Universa smart contracts is Time Stamp. When a user client has sent the 

state of a contract to a Universa node, the last one to check and verify that state stores the time when it happened. 

Since the Notary Cloud executes it within a second, it is possible to understand the exact moment when the 

contract was verified or rejected by Universa, supporting legal usage of the Universa SmartContracts. 

 

Marker 
 

Sometimes you need to have the ability to prove an old status of a smart contract; in case you need to 

reference a state of a contract at a given point in time, you can create a “marker”. This is a special small 

smart contract, which proves and stores an old state of a needed contract for 2 years. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



 

Nodes 
 

Each Universa Node is an equal host which stores the structure of the Universa network. Each node is 

trusted, because it's owned by known responsible owners, legal entities that assume the responsibility for 

running the notary service. It runs on a regular Unix server and contains a dynamic copy of the ledger. When a 

client sends a smart contract to a Universa, it is first checked by Universa client which propagates it down the 

known nodes. If the smart contract is signed only by a few parts, the Universa nodes store its state for 10 

days. If the node declines registration of the smart contract, it retains its state for 30 days to prevent fraud. 

 

Clients 
 

In time, Universa will provide as reference designs and MVPs: 
 

● Open source Java libraries, which will work both in desktop environments and on the Android platform 
 

● Client application for Windows, MacOS, and Linux, as a command line with basic Universa features set 
 

● Android mobile application 
 

● A Graphical User Interface (GUI) contract constructor, containing templates of contracts and typical 

actions. The GUI will provide ability to create smart contracts without special technical skills 

 

Each type of front-end clients connects with last known nodes and those nodes send to it their lists of 

other active nodes and the size of quorum. Universa clients always check if an applicant’s files are proper for 

the contract; For example, if you receive documents and a contract via e-mail, the GUI or Universa client will 

check that this smart contract signatures correspond to the exact versions of the files you received. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



 

_token_economics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

The Universa ecosystem is funded by “UTN” tokens, digital assets that is itself represented as a 

Universa SmartContract. Each UTN is subdivisible to 18 decimal places, allowing for granular trades. For the 

sake of convenience and everyday use, nicknames exist for fractional UTN tokens as follows – 
 

 

Unit Name UTN value Trade Ratio TGE USD Value  
     

kUTN 1000 1 : 1,000 $10  
     

UTN 1 1 : 1 $0.01  
     

mUTN 0.001 1,000 : 1 0.001 US cents  
     

uUTN 0.0000001 1,000,000: 1 0.000001 US cents  
     

nUTN 0.0000000001 1,000,000,000: 1 0.000000001 US cents  
     

 
 

 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



 

Pre-Sale and Token Generation Event 
 

Tokens will be initially distributed in 2 stages, schedule below. During the TGE, an Ethereum “ERC20” 

token will be generated as a placeholder and distributed to participants, so that placeholder tokens can be traded 

on open exchanges before the Universa blockchain goes live. Participants can choose either to claim their 

placeholder tokens immediately via distribution to an Ethereum wallet, or to wait to claim their rewards until after 

the Universa platform is operational. Tokens will be generated and distributed on the main blockchain at the 

launch of the Universa Platform. Participants from the TGE and Pre-Sale who did not claim placeholder ERC20 

“UTN-P” tokens will be distributed their reward UTN directly; the tokens will sit in a “Placeholder Redemption” 

account, and holders UTN-P will be able to redeem them in exchange for UTN. 
 

 Pre-Sale Token Generation Event  

 September 2017 28th October 2017  
    

Type Public Offering Public Offering  
    

Know-Your-Customer “KYC” Required Required  
    

Tokens to sell 1,000,000,000 -  
    

Amount to accept $3-10 million USD Up to $99 million USD  
    

Price per UTN token $0.01 + 20% bonus $0.01(min purchase is $10)  
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



 

Circulation & Demand 
 

Execution of Smart Contract actions requires transaction fees paid in UTN to reward participating 

nodes for the processing power they supply to the network and sustain the ongoing development of the 

Universa platform. Nodes will keep 80% of the transaction fee, and 20% will go to Universa Corporation. 

Universa will hold the right to “burn” each day up to 1% of the fees retained by the platform. 

 

● All the settlements in a platform will be executed in tokens only, no other methods will be accepted 
 

 

● All the prices will be set in USD (except price for nodes, this can be set in tokens) 
 

 

● During each transaction, actual token rates from the exchange will be used to determine the amount 

of tokens to pay for each service 

 

● All the users need to buy tokens to use platform, and crypto-exchange module in self-service portal 

will manage automatic conversion of external currencies (and digital assets) to UTN tokens and back 

 

● Buy (and keep!) more tokens today - you will ultimately pay less tomorrow for any Universa services 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Budget + Spending Plan 
 

Universa's token generation event is designed to garner financial support from an open crowdsale of 

partners who want to support our future development. Our plan is dynamic and capable of adjusting to a wide 

variety of circumstances; we are conservatively prepared for a modest fundraising event and will move forward 

with our plans, using only the funds contributed in pre-sale even if the ICO doesn't draw another dollar. 

However, optimistically, our ultimate goals and vision for the project are advanced and we're fully prepared 

with a plan for scaling the company to $99 million USD and eventual growth beyond. Our ICO is capped at 

$99 million USD because we aim to disrupt many legal and political frameworks entrenched around the globe 

and build Universa’s Foundation. A full budget and spending plan, including development goals, legal 

structure, and research targets, is available for all to browse at http://bit.ly/2fkELHm 

 

 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



Funding Amount CURRENT $5m $10m $25m $50m $75m $99m  
         

Staff Headcount 17 17 25 30 35 40 45  
         

Development $2,167,500 $2,167,500 $3,187,500 $3,825,000 $4,462,500 $5,100,000 $5,737,500  
         

Research $0 $0 $400,000 $900,000 $2,000,000 $5,000,000 $7,000,000  
         

Marketing $0 $400,000 $800,000 $1,200,000 $2,000,000 $5,000,000 $7,500,000  
         

Legal $250,000 $400,000 $400,000 $800,000 $800,000 $2,000,000 $2,000,000  
         

Business Dev. $0 $250,000 $600,000 $1,200,000 $2,400,000 $3,000,000 $4,000,000  
         

Education $0 $200,000 $400,000 $1,000,000 $1,500,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000  
         

Yearly Budget $2,417,500 $3,417,500 $5,787,500 $8,925,000 $13,162,500 $22,600,000 $29,237,500  
         

 
 

 

_development_potential 
 
 
 

Additional Services 
 

Service providers can register as a regular server, with active Universa smart contracts. There is nothing 

special from “Universa” point of view, as the nodes will behave like typical blockchain participants, but they can 

provide custom interactions to extend the functionality of the network and deliver advanced capabilities. 
 

For example, a contract could incorporate a set of API calls to external services to allow and/or perform 

actions and to generate results. A public share contract can have an endpoint that performs “vote” action for its 

owner by specifying a GET or POST HTTP request to a given URL, or an endpoint to generate dividends as e-

currency emitted by an e-bank service. 

 

_use_case_examples 
 
 

Universa will provide, either at launch time or shortly thereafter, reference implementations of 

several common use cases for SmartContracts in the Universa Platform. These reference implementations 

will be open source and adaptable, allowing anyone to directly copy them, or to use them as a basis for 

future developments. References will be provided for “Tokens”, “Invoices”, “Escrows”, and “Organizations”. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



 

Token Contracts 
 

 

Common Tokens 
 

The most basic example use of SmartContracts will be in the generation of a common Token asset. 

Such assets can be divisible, tradable, and are fungible; the contract will define actions to check the balance 

of a wallet, and to transfer tokens to another wallet; in this way, Universa Platform can host a wide variety of 

tradable assets for powering other platforms and trades. More advanced token contracts might contain 

functions for minting new tokens, burning existing supplies, freezing or locking trading activities of one 

account or all accounts, and issuing authorizations for spending by an intermediary party. 

 

Bank-Backed Tokens 
 

Because SmartContracts are fully Turing-complete and can interact with external APIs, it is possible to 

define a Common Token Contract that includes extra provisions for handling transfers to-and-from an 

externally defined asset class, including but not limited to Bitcoin, Ethereum, or even fiat currencies. For 

example, a contract might define a token called “USD-TETHER" and support an integration with a US bank 

account, and define a function “sellTokensToFiat", which accepts USD-TETHER coins to be burned and a 

SWIFT address as input, and triggers an outgoing wire to the corresponding bank account. Conversely, a 

corresponding “buyTokensWithFiat" action could be defined that mints new USD-TETHER coins upon receipt 

of an inbound wire transaction. Such a contract might similarly be used to back Universa assets with other 

digital assets, as well, allowing full interoperability with external funding methods via the Universa Platform. 

 

Invoice Contracts 
 

For example, you are the boss of any offline services firm, and you would like to receive payments for your 

service instantly after delivery and with small transaction expenses. You create a smart contract with all 

documentation in appendix and conditions, and stipulate that your customer should send USD-TETHER tokens as 

remuneration; the contract can be defined to specifically forward the assets directly to the manager's account, or to 

your accounts receivable department. When your workers provide delivery, your staff ask the customer to provide 

his digital signature for that action to a terminal and the transaction will be executed immediately. This action can 

even be made offline and registered on the network later. If necessary, before signing the contract you can send its 

body to each other for negotiations, but when one side signs it with 

 
 

 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



official digital signature it becomes an immutable document, and another side will be able only to sign the 

completely same contract or not to sign that contract at all. 

 

Escrow Contracts 
 

 

Digital Exchanges or “Stock Markets” 
 

Similar to how Bank-Backed Tokens might leverage external APIs to allow the trade of other digital or 

fiat assets, a SmartContract can be defined to provide a trustless escrow lock of a two-party transaction to 

release a trade when both sides have posted their payments. In this way, the exchange can facilitate crypto-

to-crypto trades, or even integrate with a stock broker service to allow other kinds of securities to be traded, 

using UTN, fiat, or another digital asset as payment. 

 

Selling an Apartment 
 

First, the seller should prepare a smart contract with a package of documents, that confirm his 

property. It can be images of paper documents about his property, that are signed with his legal digital 

signature and, in some countries – by notary also. That should allow to change the owner in exchange for 

a defined bank token, in this case for example 250,000 of the above-defined USD-TETHER token. 

Now both sides can negotiate and revise the contract. After signing the contract by both sides one of 

them sends it to any node of Universa. Universa checks all signatures and ensures the sufficient presence of 

250,000 USD-TETHER tokens. If the contract passes the verification by 90% of nodes it is executing, the 

buyer receives the right of possession of the apartment, and the seller becomes the owner of the bank note 

token. Now the buyer can connect with local authorities or registration departments to send them 

documentation about the new apartment owner. 

 

Digital Autonomous Organization “DAO” Contracts 
 

You are the CEO of one firm and are organizing voting about new CFO. First, you create a smart contract, 

which describes your proposition of the new CFO, their rights and duties in all common nuances of a standard legal 

document. After that, you press the button “Start voting” in your GUI. Next, you send the contract to your involved 

colleagues via any channel – even by flash card and your legs. Participants launch the contract, prove their identity 

and rights to vote with their digital signature and vote. Each vote creates another new, separate smart contract with 

the vote of a person, as previously defined in the main smart contract. After, these persons send their “Vote” 

contracts to you. After you receive enough of such contracts you will be able to 

 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 



update your main corporate smart contract with a new CFO; the smart contract is an element of digital 

workflow infrastructure, and because it contains the paperwork as attachments, it represents a fully legal 

document at the same time. The smart contract allows the new CFO to bill entities and pay salaries, and 

is suitable for presentation in the court and government tax service. 

 

_conclusion 
 
 

Universa Platform iterates cryptographic ledger technology, building on eight years of proven Bitcoin 

success in the distribution of money and adapting it with the tools needed to address fundamental business 

concerns and governmental compliances. With transaction throughput improved by several orders of 

magnitude, built-in support for verifying document authenticity, and a network of trusted certified nodes, 

Universa is able to provide necessary usability to open new avenues into enterprise adoption. As consumer 

needs are increasingly served by rapid advances in Bitcoin and Ethereum technologies, Universa will 

continue to lean into blockchain adoption and leverage distributed innovations to serve the reliability and 

security demands of corporations. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Universa Corporation 
 

All Rights Reserved 2014 – 2017 




