

















































VideoCoin - A Decentralized Video Encoding,
Storage, and Content Distribution Network

Devadutta Ghat
devadutta@videocoin.io

November 7, 2017
Version 1.0.30

Abstract

Video constitutes a staggering amount of internet data and by 2021, it is
predicted to form 82% of all Internet traffic [1].Video has historically been a
driving force for innovation on the Internet, just like Bitcoin and Ethereum
have been for decentralized networks.VideoCoin brings these two revolution-
ary ideas together by building a decentralized video infrastructure that will
power the next generation of video applications. VideoCoin is a decentral-
ized network that provides cloud video infrastructure like video Encoding,
Storage and CDN in the form of a peer-to-peer algorithmic market. Video-
Coin runs on a new blockchain with a native protocol token where miners
earn VideoCoins by providing video infrastructure services and clients spend
VideoCoins to rent these services.

Note: VideoCoin is undergoing vigorous research and development and con-
tent in this paper can change on a regular basis. Refer to https://videocoin.io/
for the latest version of this paper.

1



Contents

1 Introduction 5
1.1 Video Infrastructure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5

2 VideoCoin 6
2.1 Distributed Video Encoding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
2.2 Distributed Video Storage Network . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
2.3 Content Distribution Network . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8

3 Accounts 8

4 Transactions 9

5 Blockchain 10

6 Network Consensus 10
6.1 Proof of Stake . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
6.2 Qualifying for the Verifier pool . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12

7 Mining 12
7.1 Storage Mining . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

7.1.1 Proof of Retrievability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
7.1.2 Fault Tolerance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
7.1.3 Other proofs of storage . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14

7.2 Relay Mining . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
7.3 Compute Mining . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15

7.3.1 Proof of Transcoding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
7.4 Distribution Mining . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
7.5 Sandboxing and Isolation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17

8 Smart Contracts 17

9 Scalability 17

10 Applications 18

11 Attacks 18
11.1 Sybil . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
11.2 Illegal Content . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19

12 Future Work 19

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 2



List of Figures

1 Video Infrastructure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
2 Distributed Video Encoding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
3 BlockChain and Network Consensus . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
4 Verifier Pool . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
5 Distributed Video Storage Network . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
6 Proof of Retrievability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
7 Content Distribution Network . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
8 Contract Chains . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 3



Definitions

Clients Consumers of the VideoCoin Network infrastructure

Miners Producers of compute, bandwidth and storage capacity

Nodes Each instance of VideoCoin miner in the network. Can be physical
machine or virtual

Frame Electronically coded still image in a video

σ Amount of VideoCoins staked to the network by the account

Ψ Barrier to Entry - Minimum number of VideoCoins to be staked
in order to qualify for participating in the verifier pool.

ω Watt - A unit of resources on the VideoCoin Network. Weighted
average of CPU Time, GPU Time, Storage and Internet Bandwidth

π Price per Watt in VideoCoins

µpay Micro-transaction amount in VideoCoins

Breward Block Reward

τ Clock Tick - New event in the network event loop

W Confirmation Window Size - Number of confirmed blocks for
which σ transactions have to wait.

κ Clout - Minimum σ balance over W new blocks

Θ Total VideoCoins staked in the network by all accounts

GOP Group Of Pictures in a video

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 4



1 Introduction

Modern cloud video infrastructure that powers a variety of video applications on
the internet – like YouTube, Netflix, Hulu, Twitch and Amazon Video – consists of
a common set of technologies that enable video streaming. We describe the basic
building blocks below

1.1 Video Infrastructure

Video Source Encoding

Storage

CDNPlayer

Figure 1: Video Infrastructure

Cloud Video Infrastructure has three core components:

• Encode - Creating video bitstreams that match requirements of a client -
Typically a video is consumed on different devices and each device has its
own codec, colorspace and resolution requirements. Encoding and transcod-
ing makes playback on different devices possible by taking a source video
and transcoding it to match device requirements. Modern video infrastruc-
ture makes use of codecs like H265, H264, VP9 and VP8 to achieve high de-
grees of compression, but it comes at the cost of high CPU requirements [3].

• Store - Storing Video in different formats, bitrates and codecs post encod-
ing - With increased resolution Video files are occupying more storage space
than ever before and 4K videos are now the preferred format for consump-
tion for high-end devices. End-consumers view videos in an ever increasing
number of devices and encoding for each device just in time is compute in-
tensive. Thus, videos are typically encoded once and stored in a storage
network for later consumption.

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 5



• Deliver - Delivering chunks of video over the Internet using servers that are
geographically in close proximity to consumer - To deliver a good user ex-
perience by avoiding long buffering times, videos are generally cached in
a location geographically close to the end-consumer. Modern video infras-
tructure uses content delivery networks to provide with this function.

2 VideoCoin

VideoCoin implements decentralized versions of core video infrastructure com-
ponents and creates a new class of video miners who compete with other miners
to earn rewards by providing CPU and/or GPU cycles for video encoding, disk
space for video storage and Internet bandwidth for CDN services. These video
miners can run on data center servers, household desktop computers or even mo-
bile phones, creating a powerful network of computers which would otherwise go
unused. In fact, over 30% of Data Center servers are comatose [2]. VideoCoin
incentivizes miners to use such unused resources and provide as much compute,
storage and bandwidth available.

Main components that powers the VideoCoin network are

2.1 Distributed Video Encoding

Large scale video processing is a complex distributed systems problem. Encod-
ing videos to match different devices, resolutions, and codecs consumes a lot of
compute resources. While Moore’s law has been driving prices of individual CPUs
lower by the day, compute capacity of CPUs have not caught up to provide enough
power to process videos. In our studies (see Section 12), even high end cloud
CPU instances performed poorly, at 1-2 FPS for transcoding a 4kx4k video VR
video. We need at least 30 FPS of processing power to deliver real-time stream-
ing of videos and the most scalable and cost effective way of achieving this is by
using a distributed encoder. Advancements in GPU technologies and fixed func-
tion video encoders have alleviated this problem to a certain extent, but these fixed
function encoders have limited encoder configurations available [4] and is signif-
icantly more expensive than renting CPUs. VideoCoin addresses this problem by
implementing a Distributed Video Processing platform, which splits a video en-
coding task into several sub tasks and processes them in parallel, thus effectively
producing much higher frame rates on commodity hardware. Encoders are run on
the open source media framework, ffmpeg [5] inside a secure container, so rogue
applications cannot damage the host computer.

Figure 2 shows how VideoCoin’s Distributed encoder functions

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 6



Client

Input

Video

Client

Chunker

Video

Segment

Video

Segment

Video

Segment

...

Video

Segment

Compute

Miner

Compute

Miner

Compute

Miner

Compute

Miner

Client

Stitcher

Figure 2: Distributed Video Encoding

1. Source video is input to the VideoCoin Client Software, along with encoder
configuration parameters, like resolution, bitrate, and codec.

2. Client software splits input video into segments

3. Client polls available compute miners to accept current transcoding job

4. Compute miners accept the job and client issues transactions

5. Miners finish the job, provide proof of work

6. Client makes payments to miners

2.2 Distributed Video Storage Network

VideoCoin implements a distributed file system, called Sonata, on top of com-
modity hardware provided by storage miners. Sonata is a scalable, fault-tolerant,
distributed storage system that works closely with a wide variety of concurrent data
access applications. Videos are traditionally stored as large monolithic files mak-
ing them susceptible to failure and hard to transport. To remedy this, Sonata splits
videos into playable segments and distributes them across the storage network cre-
ated on top of disk space provided by storage miners. Sonata is inspired by modern
advancements in distributed storage including the highly scalable HDFS [6].

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 7



2.3 Content Distribution Network

A CDN is a geographically distributed network of proxy servers and their data
centers [7]. In VideoCoin, distribution miners act as paid proxy servers for stor-
age miners who store data. Decentralized networks by nature are geographically
distributed as miners across the globe participate in the network. However, not
all miners have access to the same Internet bandwidth which is essential for good
quality video streaming. VideoCoin builds an algorithmic market for clients to
negotiate contracts directly with distribution miners and storage miners to deliver
high quality video to the end-user via a proxy server that is in close geographical
proximity.

3 Accounts

VideoCoin accounts are objects with a 20-Byte address which have the following
fields

• Type

– DC (Debit/Credit) Account - Controlled by Private Keys
– Contract Account - Controlled by contract code

• Nonce

– A Counter used to make sure each transaction is executed only once

• Balance

– Current Spendable Balance of VideoCoins

• Stake(σ)

– Current VideoCoin Balance Staked to the Network

• Contract Code

– Video Contract
– Smart Contract

• Storage

– Storage space for the account

Like any other smart contract protocol, “Contracts” are pieces of code that run
when initiated by a message.

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 8



4 Transactions

Transaction in VideoCoin is signed data structure that stores a message to be sent
from one account address to another.

Transactions contain the following data fields:

• Type

– σDC Transaction
– DC Transaction
– CR (Challenge/Response) Transaction
– Trigger

• Recipient Address

• Sender Signature

• Amount

– Number of VideoCoins to be transferred

• Parameters

– Data Parameters for the Contract Code

• Maximum Wattage (ω)

– ωmax (compute + bandwidth + storage) Maximum power sender is will-
ing to accept for processing this transaction

• Price (π)

– Price in VideoCoins/Watt sender is willing to pay for compute and
bandwidth on the VideoCoin network depending on the type of trans-
action

• Reward (µpay)

– Micro-payment/Fees the sender is willing to pay for successful confir-
mation of a CR transaction

π will be set by market demand. π and ω is similar to GAS prices in the
Ethereum [8] network and are required to protect the network against DDoS at-
tacks.

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 9



5 Blockchain

S0 ⊕

T0

S1 ⊕

T1

S2 ... ⊕

Tn

Sn+1

Figure 3: BlockChain and Network Consensus

The VideoCoin blockchain is similar to Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains and
differ mainly in the way block rewards and fees are assigned. A block reward
Breward is always assigned to the α node in the verifier pool that created the new
block. Fees in the form of π and ω are also assigned to the α node in the verifier
pool. Micro-payments µpay from CR transactions are always earned by miners.
Block rewards and ω are always a fraction of the mining costs, so the highest
incentive on the network is for miners to rent out storage, compute and bandwidth.

6 Network Consensus

Network Consensus in VideoCoin is maintained by a pool of Verifier Nodes and
useful proof of work for miners. At every clock tick τ , a pool of verifiers are picked
using a pseudo random process where the probability of being a part of the verifier
pool is directly proportional to the number of coins staked into the network.

6.1 Proof of Stake

In order to enter a verifier pool, any node in the VideoCoin network can stake to-
kens into an unspendable balance on the account called the stake balance [see Sec-
tion 3]. Transactions to increase or decrease stake balance can happen only when
the sender sends tokens to itself and setting transaction type to increase account
stake(σDC). In order to protect the network from rogue nodes that just transfer bal-
ance into a stake account to win block reward and immediately move the balance
to another spendable account, the network does the following

1. Transactions from DC Balance to Stake Balance are not confirmed for Con-
firmation Window W with n blocks

2. Maintain a barrier to entry (Ψ), which is defined as the minimum Stake Bal-
ance (σ ) an account has to hold in order to qualify for the Verifier Pool

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 10



Mining Pool Verifier Pool

α

γ β

New Block

S
t
a
k
e

T
o
k
e
n
s

Selected Leaders

Block Reward

Figure 4: Verifier Pool

3. Probability of winning a slot (ρv) in the verifier pool and gaining α voting
rights is proportional to the clout (κ) of the account, which is defined as the
minimum value of staked balance σ over a time window W Mathematically,

κ =

{
min(σ0...n) if σ > Ψ
0 if σ ≤Ψ

(1)

Where, σi is the the staked balance of the account in question at block i of
the Confirmation Window W .The probability of winning a slot in the pool
(ρv) is calculated as below

ρv =

{
κ
Θ if κ ≥ σ
0 if κ < σ

(2)

Where, Θ is the total number of coins staked by all nodes in the network.

As illustrated by Figure 4, at every clock tick τ , a node in the VideoCoin net-
work does the following

1. Choose set of addresses that are part of the verifier pool, based on a seed
derived from a block confirmed W blocks ago.

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 11



2. Randomly shuffle the pool of addresses (based on the same seed) and pick
top three addresses as α , β and γ

3. Check if self is α , if yes, verify the block, write it to the blockchain

4. Earn block reward

5. All other nodes in the verifier pool verify new block written by α and if the
block is valid, verifier pool is dissolved

6. If the majority of the verifier pool determine the block is invalid, the entire
amount of VideoCoins staked in the network by α will be transferred from
its σ balance and burned.

7. Beta will become the new Alpha and steps 3-7 will repeat

In this model, block rewards are earned by nodes in the verifier pool and trans-
action fees are earned by the miners.

Note: Proof-of-stake algorithms are under intense development and we expect
to achieve a practical implementation in stages. Refer to our upcoming research
and technical reports on our website.

6.2 Qualifying for the Verifier pool

In order to incentivize mining nodes to enter the verifier pool, difficulty of the
proof of work needed to prove video ownership is inversely proportional to the
VideoCoin staked into the network.

ωexpected ∝
1
σ

(3)

Miners can choose to automatically move a percentage of the transaction reward
to an unspendable wallet account, or even deposit VideoCoins into the account to
earn higher probability of getting elected into the verifier pool. Funds moved into
the stakeholder account cannot be moved out to a spendable account until n blocks,
defined by time window W are fully confirmed on the blockchain.

7 Mining

Miners earn VideoCoins by renting out storage, compute and bandwidth available
on their systems. Each mining operation is supported by a corresponding proof.

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 12



7.1 Storage Mining

Videos on the VideoCoin network are stored as fault tolerant, playable chunks.
Videos stored in standard container formats, which include audio are first split
into video segments based on file size by the client redundancy factor. The main
difference between splitting a binary file at arbitrary intervals and chunking a video
file, is that in case of video segmenting, each segment is by itself fully playable.
This is a very important characteristic of the storage network which is used by
distribution miners to provide a playable video even in case parts of the video are
missing. The client then generates a set of random challenge salts, S, where |S|
depends on amount of time the video has to be stored and video size. The client
encoder then chunks videos into playable segments and constructs a Merkle Tree
for every segment in the video. These hash digests are requested for proof of
storage.

7.1.1 Proof of Retrievability

Storage miners provide proof of retrievability to prove that they are holding a video
segment. Proof of retrievability is performed in the following steps

Video

Segment
GOP

Extractor

Random

Challenge

Sequence
Merkle Tree

Figure 5: Distributed Video Storage Network

Client

1. Split an input video file into segments V = {v0,v1, . . . ,vn}

2. Create an array S of challenge sequences S = {s0,s1, . . . ,sn}

3. Extract |S| Group Of Pictures (GOP) sequences from the video

4. Append challenge sequences to |S| GOP chunks

5. Calculate the Merkle Tree for each of the challenge sequences

The client then stores the challenge sequences, Merkle Root and depth for each
challenge sequence and periodically issues a CR message to the miner. The miner
then computes the Merkle Proof for the challenge sequence in the CR message and
submits proof to the network. Upon receipt of successful proof, the client makes a
payment of µpay to the miner.

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 13



v0 + s0

H(0)

v1 + s1

H(1)

H(H(0)+H(1))

H(H(0)+H(1))

v3 + s3

H(3)

H(H(0)+H(1))

v4 + s4

H(4)

Figure 6: Proof of Retrievability

Note: CR messages can also be issued by a smart contract, thus allowing the
client to upload and vanish.

7.1.2 Fault Tolerance

Fault tolerance is achieved by using Reed-Solomon Erasure coding [9], where Era-
sure coding algorithms break a file into k blocks, and programmatically create m
parity blocks, giving a total of k + m = n blocks. Any k of these n blocks can be
used to rebuild the video segment. Fault tolerance parameters can be customized
by the client while making a storage request.

7.1.3 Other proofs of storage

We are considering the use perceptual hash functions instead of Cryptographic hash
functions for establishing whether a video segment is similar to the chunk sent by
the miner to prove ownership of the video.

7.2 Relay Mining

Modern cloud storage products like products like AWS S3, Google Cloud Storage
and Backblaze provide highly reliable, but centralized storage. Relay mining al-

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 14



lows miners to transparently outsource storage to a third party cloud storage. This
provides an arbitrage opportunity for miners who have access to surplus cloud stor-
age. Relay mining software for the VideoCoin network is functionally similar to
Storage Mining software, with the file system interface replaced by a cloud storage
API. This implementation is similar to HDFS [6] and S3A [10].

7.3 Compute Mining

Compute miners execute video functions like transcoding. While any node can
participate in the network as storage miners, only nodes that have staked tokens
greater than barrier to entry, Ψ, are eligible to perform compute mining operations.
General purpose compute in VideoCoin network is managed by smart contracts
which are executed by all nodes in the network.

Compute miners prove their output using a novel proof of work called Proof of
Transcoding.

7.3.1 Proof of Transcoding

Any modern video codec is (broadly) organized into a hierarchical data structure
consisting of Frames > Slices > Macroblocks. Videos codecs take advantage of
temporal redundancy and use information in previous or future frames (I,P and
B Frames) to compress the current frames. This means that in order to decode a
macroblock in a particular frame k, all frames that k depends on have to be decoded
first. Proof of Transcoding uses this dependency to create a set of challenges that is
used by the client to establish if a transcoding job has been completed per contract.
For every new transcode job that needs to be submitted to the network, the client
does the following

1. Set up input video and transcode parameters

2. Split the input video into chunks and performs a PUT operation to store the
video on the VideoCoin network (if not already stored)

3. For each of the video segments the client needs to transcode

(a) Extracts a random set of challenge sequence of frames, also known as
GOP

(b) Client performs transcode to match input parameters on these sub-
segments and hold the hash value along with a challenge salt either
in local storage or a part of another smart contract

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 15



4. Client checks the transcode proof and provides additional micropayment to
the miner

In order to avoid partial compute attacks, the following protocol is followed
At the beginning of every time span, a verifier pool is elected as described in the
section 6.1 above.

1. Once a compute miner broadcasts a proof, a verifier node from the pool will
do the following

(a) PULL original source Video from the storage miner

(b) Verify hash of the Video to confirm source is intact

(c) Extract a random GOP from the Video, perform the exact transcode
operation in the video contract

(d) PULL the transcoded Video from the compute miner, extract the GOP
from the transcoded video

(e) Check if the two GOPs are exactly the same

2. If the Proof of Transcode is malicious, the node will lose all tokens staked to
the network

Both clients and verifiers can confirm work by a compute miner for a very small
fraction of the compute cost by just checking transcode on a randomly selected
GOP from the video.

7.4 Distribution Mining

Distribution miners primary functions is to act as gateway between the VideoCoin
network and Internet. These miners are similar to edge nodes on a CDN [7] and the
storage miners are similar to origin servers. Just like compute miners, distribution
miners also need to stake more tokens than barrier to enter the verifier pool to be
able to perform distribution mining.

Distribution miners establish P2P connections with clients that consume video
from the network and act as an intermediary.

Video

Segment
IP Gateway Edge Server

Figure 7: Content Distribution Network

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 16



1. Client sends a message of type DISTRIBUTE to nodes in the distribution
pool along with parameters to determine video size and minimum bandwidth
required for transmission

2. Nodes in the distribution pool willing to accept MicroPay fees for this distri-
bution respond with an OFFER message to the Client

3. The client can then reply with an ACCEPT message to multiple nodes in the
distribution pool based on the distribution requirement

4. The distribution node then establishes a P2P connection with the consump-
tion node and delivers the video bitstream

Most of the negotiation during distribution operation happens outside of the
blockchain.

7.5 Sandboxing and Isolation

All VideoCoin mining software runs inside an isolated Docker container. Video
contract code is designed to run on FFMPEG binaries inside the Docker container
and smart contract code is compiled down to binary executable inside the container.
This allows for smart contract programming in different languages.

8 Smart Contracts

Contract Chains

Contracts in VideoCoin can be chained with other contracts using Trigger mes-
sages, allowing complex video operations, an example is shown in Figure 8. In
case of chained contracts, certain contracts cannot execute if the output of the pre-
vious contract in the chain is not available. Thus, we allow contracts to be tagged
dependent and independent. A miner choosing to execute a chain, will execute the
entire chain to earn mining rewards. In Figure 8, an input video is transcoded from
H264 to H265 while the accompanying audio on track is transcoded from MP3 to
AAC and finally multiplexed back into an MP4 file. A contract like this would
execute entirely on the same miner node and the contract would be enforced by the
verifier pool using proof of transcoding.

9 Scalability

One major concern with all blockchain based decentralized networks is scalability
and VideoCoin network is not immune to these problems. Some steps have been

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 17



Input.MP4

Demultiplexer H264 Decoder

MP3 Decoder

H265 Encoder

AAC Encoder

Multiplexer

Output.MP4

Figure 8: Contract Chains

taken to mitigate these problems. Unlike Bitcoin [11] and Ethereum [8] all trans-
actions and all general purpose smart contract code do not have to be executed by
every single node on the VideoCoin network. The verifier pool takes a leading
role in maintaining network consensus and other nodes can follow. Miner nodes
perform majority negotiations outside of the blockchain through direct messages.
Only micro-payments and proofs are verified by the verifier pool when confirming
transactions.

10 Applications

VideoCoin is built for applications and several popular video products from the
Internet can be reimagined as a decentralized, P2P application. Few examples

• YouTube Contract: A client can use storage, encoding and distribution
functions provided by VideoCoin to build a decentralized version of YouTube
where anyone can upload and view videos and creators can earn VideoCoins
directly from the consumer

• Hulu/Netflix Contract: Building on top of the YouTube contract, a client
can use general purpose smart contracts to add a subscription based pay-
ments

11 Attacks

Like any distributed system, a variety of attack vectors exist. Some of these are
listed here along with strategies to mitigate the dangers. A detailed technical report

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 18



covering security risks and strategies is a part of our future work roadmap.

11.1 Sybil

Sybil attacks [12] involve creating a large number of nodes in the network in the
hope of disrupting the network for the attacker’s advantage. Since nodes in the
verifier pool are selected at random based on the amount of tokens staked, for an
attacker to control 51% of the VideoCoin network involves insurmountable finan-
cial and computational hurdles and high risk of losing all of the staked tokens if
the verifier pool deems the alpha node rogue. Not only does an attacker have to
control 51% of all nodes in the network, but the attacker also needs to end up with a
verifier pool with 51% of nodes that vote in his favor, making the attack financially
unfeasible.

11.2 Illegal Content

A common problem with video distribution networks is piracy and illegal content.
These problems can be addressed with a client reputation system and a smart con-
tract based content flagging system. Several reputation systems are being evaluated
at VideoCoin, findings will be published in an upcoming technical report.

12 Future Work

VideoCoin is a work in progress and a detailed roadmap of our technical research
can be found at https://videocoin.io. The following research activities are currently
being undertaken

• Security: Investigation into different attack vectors against VideoCoin and
mitigation strategies

• Proof of Stake: Reference implementation of VideoCoin’s proof of stake
model

• Performance analysis of Proof of Transcode: Establishing difficulty of
proof of transcode will require emperical analysis of various systems miners
plan to execute VideoCoin software on

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 19



References

[1] Cisco. Cisco Visual Networking Index: Forecast and Methodology, 2016 –
2021. 2017.

[2] Jonathan Koomey and Jon Taylor. Zombie/Comatose Servers Redux. 2017.

[3] Ana Rodrigues. H.264 vs H.265 - A technical comparison. When will H.265
dominate the market? https://goo.gl/Ft1h8V 2016.

[4] Nvidia. NVENC Support Matrix. https://goo.gl/xX5KWX.

[5] FFMPEG. A complete, cross-platform solution to record, convert and stream
audio and video. https://www.ffmpeg.org/.

[6] Apache Hadoop. HDFS. https://hadoop.apache.org/.

[7] Wikipedia. CDN. https://goo.gl/SWcn6k.

[8] Ethereum. A Next-Generation Smart Contract and Decentralized Application
Platform. https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper.

[9] Wikipedia. Erasure code. https://goo.gl/DuJzCV

[10] Apache Hadoop. S3 Support in Apache Hadoop.
https://wiki.apache.org/hadoop/AmazonS3.

[11] Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System. 2008.

[12] Wikipedia. Sybil attack. https://goo.gl/E9bV5c.

[13] Protocol Labs. Filecoin: A Decentralized Storage Network. 2017.

[14] Shawn Wilkinson et al. Storj: A Peer-to-Peer Cloud Storage Network. 2016.

[15] Nick Szabo Smart Contracts: Building Blocks for Digital Markets. 1996.

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD 20



Disclaimer

This white paper is for information purposes only. The VideoCoin Development
Association (VDA) does not guarantee the accuracy of or the conclusions reached
in this white paper, and this white paper is provided as is. VDA does not make
and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statu-
tory or otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, usage, title or non-
infringement; (ii) that the contents of this white paper are free from error; and (iii)
that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. VDA and its affiliates shall
have no liability for damages of any kind arising out of the use, reference to, or
reliance on this white paper or any of the content contained herein, even if advised
of the possibility of such damages. In no event will VDA or its affiliates be liable
to any person or entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses of any
kind, whether direct or indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual,
exemplary, punitive or special for the use of, reference to, or reliance on this white
paper or any of the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss
of business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill or other intangible losses.

©2017 VideoCoin Development Association, LTD de20eeb


	Introduction
	Video Infrastructure

	VideoCoin
	Distributed Video Encoding
	Distributed Video Storage Network
	Content Distribution Network

	Accounts
	Transactions
	Blockchain
	Network Consensus
	Proof of Stake
	Qualifying for the Verifier pool

	Mining
	Storage Mining
	Proof of Retrievability
	Fault Tolerance
	Other proofs of storage

	Relay Mining
	Compute Mining
	Proof of Transcoding

	Distribution Mining
	Sandboxing and Isolation

	Smart Contracts
	Scalability
	Applications
	Attacks
	Sybil
	Illegal Content

	Future Work

