











































WaBi (蛙币) - crypto token for safe 
consumer products 

Initial Coin Offering 
 Whitepaper 

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson



                 2

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Table of Contents

Important Notice 3

Summary 4

Problem We Are Solving                                                        5

Solution and Technology                6

Our Vision                                    14

WaBi (蛙币) Coin System             21

Future Development Timeline              29

Team                                                                                                                              31

Advisory Team                                                                                                               34

ICO Details                                                                                                                     36

Contacts                                                                                                                         39

   
   



                 3

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

 

PLEASE READ THE SECTIONS ENTITLED “DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY”, 

“NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES”, “REPRESENTATIONS AND 

WARRANTIES BY YOU”, “CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING 

STATEMENTS”, “MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT 

OF OTHER PERSONS”, “NO ADVICE”, “NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR 

UPDATE”, “RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION”, “NO 

OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION” AND “RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES” 

CAREFULLY.

IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU 
SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER  

PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).

Important Notice

CITIZENS OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA ARE NOT 
PERMITTED TO PARTICIPATE IN WABI ICO

FULL VERSION OF LEGAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAN BE 
REQUESTED FROM SUPPORT@WACOIN.IO



                 4

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

  Summary

Problem

Solution

Business 
Model 

Traction

preICO and 
ICO

• 461 billion USD of imported fake goods in circulation globally. 
• Regular authenticity and food safety scandals in China and fake 

pharmaceuticals in play around the world.

• Blockchain unable to solve the problem without a link 
between digital and physical assets.

• Linking digital and physical assets through RFID labels with anti-copy 
functionality. Consumers can authenticate the product through their phone. 

• Selling consumer products (baby food, cosmetics, alcohol, 
pharmaceuticals, etc.) protected by our technology to consumers.

• WaBi Project - a blockchain-based loyalty programme to 
encourage and reward purchases in the Walimai safe channel, 
and to establish collective security through individual action.

Technology - already operational
• Mobile APPs are available for download from the Apple store, 

Google play, QQ store and Baidu app store.

• Secure RFID label with unique anti-reuse design.

Market - tested as a pilot
• Very positive feedback from hundreds of clients regarding the safety of our 

products (link to the store is available at www.wacoin.io).

• Sales through 3 pilot O2O terminals at China’s baby stores started in 
September 2017.

• WaBi (蛙币) is a digital cryptocurrency which supports Walimai’s anti-
counterfeit system and is backed by sales of products protected by Walimai 
technology.

• Consumers around the world are able to purchase products protected by 
Walimai technology with WaBi (蛙币).



                 5

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Problem We Are Solving

Counterfeiting is a serious issue that claims thousands 
of lives and costs billions of dollars

At least 63 babies died in Fuyang and rural
areas of Anhui after consuming fake baby milk.

2004 baby food scandal in China

6 infants killed and 54.000 hospitalised.
China reported 300.000 victims in total.

2008 baby food scandal in China

461 billion USD in value of
imported fake goods.

OECD

64% of pharmaceuticals in Nigeria
are fake.

World Health Organisation

Useful sources if you are not familiar with the problem:

1. Food scandals in China
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Food_safety_incidents_in_China

2. Fake baby food in China
http://www.scmp.com/news/china/policies-politics/article/1934641/
baby-formula-scare-chinas-food-safety-watchdog-acted

3. Baby milk rationing: Chinese fears spark global restrictions
http://www.bbc.com/news/business-22088977

4. Counterfeit medications
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Counterfeit_medications

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Food_safety_incidents_in_China
http://www.scmp.com/news/china/policies-politics/article/1934641/baby-formula-scare-chinas-food-safety-watchdog-acted
http://www.scmp.com/news/china/policies-politics/article/1934641/baby-formula-scare-chinas-food-safety-watchdog-acted
http://www.bbc.com/news/business-22088977


                 6

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Solution and Technology

Blockchain can solve the problem with digital assets but 
can not secure physical assets

Cryptographic technologies akin to Blockchain 
opened new horizons by ensuring the uniqueness 
of digital assets and the security of transactions

There has yet to be a technology able to securely 
protect the link between physical and digital
assets while being cost effective

So far only high-end products such as diamonds 
could benefit from the security of the digital ledger - 
through expensive scanning of physical parameters. 
See https://www.everledger.io/ as an example

Walimai has developed a solution that securely links
a physical item to its digital representation at a cost
that allows us to protect everyday consumer goods 
such as milk-powder, pharmaceuticals, alcohol,
and cosmetics both physically and digitally.

https://www.everledger.io/


                 7

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Solution and Technology

Creating a secure link between Physical and Digital 
required solving unique challenges in both domains

Physical

Digital

One of the key challenges in designing the Walimai label
was to find a perfect balance between:

ROBUSTNESS - The label needed to remain securely 
attached to the product throughout its journey to the 
consumer without a chance of accidental breakage

FRAGILITY - The label needed to break easily if the 
product’s packaging is opened or if there’s a counterfeit or 
‘refilling’ attempt

We wanted to bring industry level security to everyday
consumer goods. We had to work within very tight hardware 
constraints while leveraging insights from cryptography, 
signal processing, economics, and behavioral science to 
create the Walimai system:

MICRO SECURITY: Individual tags are securely protected 
against falsification or copying

SYSTEM-WIDE SECURITY: On the macro-level,  
the system prohibits any unauthorised tampering



                 8

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Solution and Technology

Walimai’s core technology is fully developed and has 
been in operation since December 2016

Walimai label is applied at a designated

‘point of origin’ along the supply chain. 

This links the product with its digital

representation in the cloud, containing:

• Encrypted unique ID

• Dynamic Code

• Geographical Data

• Consumers scan the label with Walimai 
app which reads the ID, Dynamic Code, and 
Geographical Data. This information is then 
sent to the cloud for verification

• Public verification result is displayed to the  
  consumer

• Dynamic Code is changed, label data is 

• Set of digital objects is stored  
  in the cloud

• Data from consumer scans are  
  checked against their digital   
  state

• Digital and physical objects are  
  constantly synchronised

See the process in action here: https://
vimeo.com/203961662203961662

Products with the Walimai label are sold 
on location:

After consumers have scanned 
the item with Walimai app:

https://vimeo.com/203961662


                 9

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Walimai’s system effectively defends itself 
against ‘label-cloning’ attacks
Below is a demonstration of system effectiveness in face of ‘label cloning’ attempts.

Scenario I:  

Sophisticated attacker / Supply Chain NOT Compromised:  
System response: geolocation data fails to match, resulting in failure of authentication

Scenario II:  

Sophisticated attacker/ Supply Chain Compromised (counterfeiter is able  
to place products in designated locations)*

▪ If the product is not taken out of circulation: 
  There is a timegap in cloning and placing the object in circulation (which typically requires several 
days) and the next customer scanning the original object (in case of ‘Fast Moving Consumer Goods’, 
this typically takes minutes). During this gap, the pairing conditions are changed thus prohibiting 
authentication.

▪ If the product is taken out of circulation: 

  In order for it to make economic sense, the counterfeiter needs to either sell the fake object at  
a price premium to the original (which is counter sense) or create multiple copies of the object. 
However, scanning one such counterfeit product will desynchronize the rest of the batch. This 
invalidates any further matching attempts and makes the product unsalable.

Solution and Technology

* This is not solvable for QR-code based systems



                 10

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Solution and Technology

System robustness and attack scenarios illustrated
Scenario I: 

Scenario II: 

▪ Consumer scans the label.   
   Matching verified. Data updated.

▪ Consumer scans the label.  
   Matching verified. Data updated.

▪ Counterfeiter makes a simple   
  copy. Copying some, but not all  
  the data.

▪ Matching fails. Consumer alerted  
  that product is not safe.

▪ Consumer scans the label.   
  Matching verified. Data updated.

▪ Consumer scans the label.  
  Matching verified. Data updated.

▪ Counterfeiter makes multiple  
   copies. One scan takes the  
   entire batch offsync, negating any  
   economic incentive.

▪ Matching fails. Consumer alerted  
   that product is not safe.

Initial State Modified State 

Initial State Modified State 



                 11

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Solution and Technology

You can see how our technology works
See our technology in action: https://vimeo.com/203961662

The technology behind the Walimai label: https://vimeo.com/235864239

https://vimeo.com/203961662


                 12

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Solution and Technology

Authentication, Security and WaBi Token

▪ One of the crucial security ingredients of the Walimai anti-counterfeiting system is the state of 
permanent flux created by the dynamic codes that update the system state with each scan.

▪ The distributed verification process gives the system its crucial robustness, but at the same 
time subjects it to the ‘voting paradox’. This means that with a sufficient level of trust in the Walimai 
brand, consumers might not feel the need to scan the product at all, thus not updating the system.

▪ This dynamic is dangerous, as it may reduce the rate of ‘system churning’ necessary to prevent 
counterfeiters from slipping in a fake product.

▪ Therefore, it is essential we provide the consumers with incentive to keep on scanning and 
authenticating through their smartphones’ RFID readers and our mobile application. A loyalty program 
that ensures a sufficient level of ‘churning’ becomes a pivotal security attribute.

▪ In other words, every consumer who scans the Walimai label becomes a miner who is rewarded for 
their contribution with WaBi tokens.

W



                 13

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Solution and Technology

Blockchain solves the problem of trust  
in a platform’s meta-security
• Any platform or channel promising a secure method of product verification will need to prove    
  the product was authentic in the first place.

• In industries plagued by counterfeit products, this meta-fragility dictates the endurance and     
  success of a platform while limiting its flexibility and growth potential. Blockchain solves the  
  problem of meta-fragility.

• On the surface, these three fixed
  features make a channel secure

• But they hinge on a consumer’s
  trust in your claims of product
  authenticity

Control of
supply  
chain

Security of
transactions

Careful vetting

Control of
supply chain
Security of

transactions

Careful vetting 
of suppliers

Co
ntr

ol 
of

su
pp

ly c
ha

in
Se

cu
rity

 of

tra
ns

act
ion

s

Ca
ref

ul 
vet

tin
g 

of 
su

pp
lier

s

Consumer trust

Bl
oc

kc
ha

in

Bl
oc

kc
ha

in

• Blockchain solves the problem of higher   
  order channel trustworthiness through

► Transactions time and geo- 
     stamping in the blockchain
► Distributed record verification
     that even we as a platform
     cannot modify

Carefull vetting 
of suppliers



                 14

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

We have spent 4 years developing and refining our
technology and business model

- Walimai signs up its first 3 infant nutrition stores in May 2017

2013

2014

Walimai was conceived in September 2013

Official operations started in February 2014, in the Science Park of Zhejiang 
University in Hangzhou, China

From April 2014 until January 2015, Walimai’s leadership is engaged in a 
strategic turn-around project for a global top-5 Infant Formula producer

- Walimai is selected as the one of the most-innovative companies at Open 
Innovations Forum in Moscow 
- Walimai anti-counterfeiting technology is presented to Chinese and Russian 
premiers Li Keqiang and Dmitri Medvedev

Walimai engages top producers of baby food and alcohol with prototype anti-
counterfeiting technology

Walimai begins sales in December 2016

2015

2017

Walimai wins innovation grant from Jiaxing city municipal government and is 
incorporated in Zhejiang province, China

iOS, Android APPs launch. A new version of the RFID label is developed2016

Our Vision

- WaBi blockchain-based loyalty system for safe products is developed and 
implemented



                 15

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

The ultimate secure channel for consumer products 
spanning diverse categories and geographical locations

Our Vision

Encapsulating all vulnerable categories  
Covering all consumer product categories that face the risk of counterfeiting.

An ‘Omni-Channel’  
The Walimai label as a guarantee of product authenticity regardless of place of 
purchase.

Comprehensive global coverage
Operating on a worldwide scale, starting with countries in the greatest need of our 
technology.



                 16

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Our Vision

Safe omni-channel model naturally emerges from our 
technology base 

▪ A working label is a guarantee that the packaging
  has not been tempered with, whether the product is
  being sold on an open-air market in some remote
  countryside

▪ Walimai labels greatly simplify the process of
  keeping track of products’ ‘chain of custody’ for
  manufacturers, while also enabling a much higher
  degree of control over products’ distribution and
  circulation. The practice of arbitrage by distributors
  i.e. taking illicit advantage of price differentiation
  between regions can thus be drastically reduced.

▪ For the consumers, products with Walimai protection
  signal a guarantee of authenticity as well as a
  certain minimum standard of quality and service.

▪ Shifting the proof of authenticity from the channel
  to the product opens up opportunities for new retail
  formats. For example the peer-to-peer sales
  through social networks, a channel with double digit
  growth in China is particularly conducive for the
  product-centric protection.



                 17

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Our Vision

XX$

YY$

Traditional E-commerce Platforms    

Safe omni-channel: Some Examples

• Sub-channel of Walimai - protected
  products

• Dedicated Walimai Shelf inside  
  a supermarket

• Walimai protected products sold
  through Traditional Trade

• Product level protection for p2p   
  sales

• Walimai in-store o2o terminal

P2P Social Networks Sales

Online to Offline

O
nl

in
e 

O
ffl

in
e

Supermarkets Corner Shops/ Markets



                 18

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

We’ve already tested our technology with Chinese 
consumers and received very positive feedback

Our Vision

Link to our digital shop: https://goo.gl/KfMczL



                 19

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

We already tested our technology with Chinese 
consumers and got very positive results /translation/

Our Vision

Link to our digital shop: https://goo.gl/Xc1JCd



                 20

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Walimai’s technology has received recognition at the 
highest level
Walimai’s technology was presented to prime ministers of China and Russia at 
the Open Innovations Forum in Moscow.

Video is available at www.wacoin.io

Our Vision

Interviews were shot with consumers upon launching our pilot O2O terminals 
in China’s baby shops.

Video is available at https://vimeo.com/235879107

https://vimeo.com/224919485


                 21

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

WaBi (蛙币) Coin Based System

WaBi (蛙币) - crypto-coin backed by China’s consumer 
market

Free floating blockchain based 
crypto-token with strictly 
limited issue and exponential 
transaction growth potential.

Unit of exchange in Walimai’s 
protected goods eco-system.

Unit in Walimai’s loyalty
program.

Backed by consumer demand for 
safe products.

How WaBi (蛙币) can be used:

Spending on Walimai protected products.  
WaBi (蛙币) coins can be spent on products (such as
baby food, cosmetics, alcohol, etc.) protected by Walimai 
labels.

Mining WaBi (蛙币) coins by purchasing Walimai 
protected products and participating in marketing 
activities. 
Coins can be obtained by consumers through purchase 
of Walimai protected products or by participating in other 
marketing activities.

Buying and selling WaBi (蛙币) coins.  
Coins will be listed on exchanges and will have a free 
floating price.



                 22

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

WaBi (蛙币) Coin Based System

Impetus and growth: bootstrapping coin adoption on 
intrinsic value

Chicken and egg problem.

• For an individual user it is not worth 
adopting a coin if there are not enough 
people using it.

• Coin utilisation never reaches the critical 
mass due to absent individual incentives to 
adopt it.

Our system solves it.

• Fear of fakes creates organic demand for 
Walimai protected products.

• Core users of Walimai products adopt 
the Wabi (蛙币) coin as part of the loyalty 
program.

• Base transaction volume within the loyalty 
system backs general use of the Wabi (蛙币) 
coin.

Free 
points

Cash 
exchang-

eable

Product 
range

Authenticity



                 23

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

WaBi (蛙币) Coin Based System

Other loyalty programs are ubiquitous but almost 
universally broken

Loyalty programs don’t work for consumers... 

• Points are issued, maintained, and honoured at the discretion of the issuer.

• Points typically have a limited lifetime and will often expire before they are redeemed.

• In most cases, points are non-transferable.

• Even the largest and most successful programs typically only include a handful of participants in 
adjacent industries.

• The policies of loyalty programs are complicated and prone to change.

Nor for businesses... 

• Very high user acquisition cost.

• Low utilisation, with points hanging on companies’ balance sheets as liabilities.

• Limited potential to increase customer attractiveness by expanding the program to other providers 
due to personal data sharing concerns.

• Extra complexity becomes a burden on companies’ IT infrastructure.



                 24

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

WaBi (蛙币) Coin Based System

We will grow WaBi (蛙币) usage in multiple ways

Seamless interface

Managed through the same APP used for 
authenticity verification.

Open platform

• Easy for merchants to join the system 
and get WaBi to reward their customers.

• Customers can use WaBi for a wide 
range of goods and services stimulating 
transaction volume.

Blockchain-based

Wabi are owned and controlled by the 
customers.

• Fully transferable.

• Immediately available for use.

• No balance-sheet liability for merchants.

Targeting

Young women - most prolific loyalty program 
users in China.

• High-margin product categories that 
invariably attract counterfeiters.

• Growth through adjacent product 
categories: baby-food, mother and baby 
skincare, cosmetics, pharma, and alcohol.

• WaBi automatically 
added to the user 
wallets for purchases, 
stimulating utilisation.

• User wallets linked to 
exchanges to enable 
real-time pricing and 
conversion.



                 25

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

WaBi (蛙币) Coin Based System

WaBi (蛙币) Flowchart
P

re
-IC

O
 a

nd
 IC

O
 to

ke
n 

bu
ye

rs

Walimai

• Pre-ICO - 10m coins
• ICO - 40m coins

E
sc

ro
w

Locked WaBi (蛙币) 
after ICO - 50m

Merchants

Exchange

Consumers

Some WaBi are sold 
by merchants to keep 
fiat trading volumes

WaBi are bought at 
exchange to access 
discounts or pay for 
products

Reward 
WaBi are 
spent on 
goods

Merchants 
reward 
consumers 
with WaBi

5% of quarterly 
sales growth given 
out as rewards 
by merchants to 
consumers

Note: a detailed decription is available in the ICO part of this document.



                 26

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

WaBi (蛙币) Coin Based System

China - Special Provisions: Main Features
Wabi Project’s ICO is taking place in times of significant regulatory turbulence. In the midst of 
our ICO preparation process, the People’s Bank of China halted all ICO related activities in 
China. Wabi Project is a Singapore-based company. However, a major part of our business 
activities currently takes place in Mainland China. In order to comply with the existing 
regulatory framework, as well as to mitigate the risks of future changes, we are making special 
provisions for WaBi token circulation in regards to the China market. Below are the key 
features of these provisions.

►All crypto activities (crypto payment processing, token issuance,
    circulation of exchange-listed tokens) will be held outside of China.

►WaBi Project will develop a blockchain-based, remotely-hosted
    loyalty program that will be licensed to Walimai China.

►Point issuance in Walimai China loyalty program will be rigidly
    linked to WaBi through a smart escrow contract in a 1:1 ratio. In
    other words, to issue 100 additional points for the Walimai China
    loyalty program, WaBi Project must first obtain 100 WaBi tokens.

►Features and flexibility of the Walimai China loyalty program
    will be in-line with the maximum allowable standard for loyalty
    programs currently operational in China, pending further
    regulation regarding crypto-activities.

►WaBi tokens will be user-exchangeable to Walimai China loyalty points
    through the Wabi Project ltd., but NOT vice versa.

►In other markets WaBi tokens will be circulated in Walimai loyalty
    programs directly, local regulations permitting.



                 27

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

WaBi (蛙币) Coin Based System

China Special Provisions: Flowchart

  

 

Legend

Wabi Flow

CLP Flow

CLP

CLP China Loyalty Point

Walimai International  
Ecosystem

  

Walimai China 
Ecosystem

  

Wabi Initial
Escrow

Global Exchanges WaBi Project SGP

Smart Loyalty
Escrow

WaBi
WaBi



                 28

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

WaBi (蛙币) Coin Based System

Potential growth for WaBi (蛙币) system is immense

China market size in 2017, billion USD/year

Source: Euromonitor

And this is just in China. 
There are more opportunities globally…

Milk powder

Cosmetics

Alcohol

Electronics



                 29

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Jul - 
Aug

WaBi (蛙币) closes preICO, raising USD 300.000

蛙 (wa) - frog

币 (bi) - money, currency

Future Development Timeline

2017

Nov WaBi (蛙币) ICO selling up to 46.000.000 tokens

Nov- 
Dec 

WaBi (蛙币) starts being traded on exchanges

Dec Activating sales of Walimai protected products through WaBi (蛙币). WaBi (蛙币) 
is used seamlessly by consumers to purchase products.

Dec- 
Jan

More baby shops sell Walimai protected products. Start of sales of alcohol with 
Walimai labels.

2018 Start of partnerships with producers and distributors of baby food and alcohol. 
Adjusting Walimai technology for pharmaceutical products.

2019 Extending use of WaBi to other areas:

- Loyalty programs by product manufacturers (‘airmiles for consumer products’).

- Partnerships with insurance companies. Product insurance.

Sep Starting sales at 3 baby stores as a pilot project



                 30

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Future Development Timeline

O2O Baby Shop Pilot Started in September
▪ We are extending access to safe and affordable infant formula to a grass-roots level.

▪ Every baby shop we enlist is equipped with a ‘Walimai-shelf’ which is placed in the middle of the  
  retail space.

▪ This shelf serves as a product display where consumers can get acquainted with the technology,  
  product assortment and purchasing options.

▪ The shelf plays the role of a checkout point. The consumer can place an order either through  
   the embedded touch screen or by scanning the QR-code and ordering in Walimai’s mobile 
marketplace.

▪ Once the order is placed, it is sent to the connected warehouse for fulfillment.

▪ The consumer can either choose their home address or the baby shop for product delivery.

▪ We track the location of every order, and the baby shop where the order originated is       
  compensated on a profit-sharing basis.



                 31

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Team

Leadership

China: front-end management

Alex Busarov
Co-founder, CEO

Kitty Xu
Marketing Director

Chi-Tung ‘Duomo’ Pan
Sales Project Manager

 

Yaz Belinskiy
Co-founder

https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexanderbusarov/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/yaroslavbelinskiy/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/duomo-pan-pan-chi-tung-105960a2/

Former McKinsey & Co. consultant, Sales Director at a leading infant 
formula producer. Guided project development for Russia and China-based 
companies as an independent advisor. Graduate of the London School of
Economics. Conversational in Mandarin Chinese.

Marketed semiconductor technologies for NXP, ARM and RS Components 
in Asia-Pacific and global, Business Consultant for Johnson & Johnson. 
Graduate of the Manchester Business School (MBA).

Food Engineer. Former Sales Representative at TransGO, corporal in the 
Coast Guard and Google Local Guide. Graduate of the National Taiwan 
Ocean University and TAITRA.

Former consultant with Bain & Co., Business Development Manager at 
LP Amina. Extensive experience in consumer goods. Graduate of Oxford 
University and the London School of Economics. Fluent in Mandarin Chinese.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/kittyx/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexanderbusarov/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/yaroslavbelinskiy/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/duomo-pan-pan-chi-tung-105960a2/


                 32

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Technology leadership

Artur Pinchyuk
IT lead 

Team

Danjie Hu
Project Manager

Wouter ‘Walt’ de Hoogd
Social Media and Community Manager

Zhu Fang
Customer Support Manager

Chemical engineer. Former Marketing Executive at two technology startups, 
Portus and Aerifai. Completed an overseas program in Entrepreneurial 
Innovation at Nanyang Technological University in Singapore. Graduate  
of China University of Geosciences and Wuhan University of Technology.

Former Head of Content Marketing for technology startup the Squirrelz. 
Experienced in SEO copywriting and social media management. Founder  
of a vinyl record label and e-commerce shop.

Young mother. 
Online P2P Infant Formula Merchant.

IT solutions architect with over 15 years of IT expertise. Blockchain 
and crypto economics specialist. Former founder and CTO at Mind 
Development. Co-founder at TechBuro, KIRM, KM-Alliance expert council 
member. Graduate of the Belarus State University.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/danjie-hu-a529bb125/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/wasdehoogd/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/skilus/



                 33

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Roman Tronenko
Mobile Lead / Blockchain 
Architect 

Smart contract architect, blockchain evangelist. 6 years in IT industry.  
Co-founder at outstaffing.me.Chief Business Development Officer at Mind 
Development. Master of Computer Science from Belarus State University.

Dmitry Korzhik
Blockchain Development 
Engineer

Polyglot programmer and a seasoned Mobile Engineer with professional
experience ranging from developing mobile solutions for Alibaba to
designing and coding business systems for chinesepod.com, italki.com,
and openlanguage.com.
Roman is a blockchain pioneer and enthusiast, having started the open
source blockchain-powered project gogo.tattoo which aims to connect
tattoo masters, artwork and clients. He is an active open source 
contributor and holds two Master Degrees in Computer Science from 
Harbin Engineering University and Saint Petersburg State Marine 
Technical University. Fluent in Chinese and Esperanto.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/roman-tronenko-48618333/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitry-korzhik-07101982/



                 34

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Advisory Team

Igor Livant
VP for Investments at TELF AG,
Formerly Executive Director at Goldman Sachs, 
Associate Principal at McKinsey and Co.

Igor’s career spans over 17 years in financial services and consulting. He has 
worked as an Executive Director at Goldman Sachs, an Associate Principal at 
McKinsey & Company, ran his own consulting firm and now works as VP for 
Investments at TELF AG, a commodity trading firm. His extensive experience 
has given him advanced practical knowledge of financial management, 
capital raising, management consulting, and mergers & acquisitions.

Area of expertise for Wabi: Fintech and fundraising.

Mario F. Pazos
COO at Pazos Law Group,
Formerly Vice President,  
Regional Prepaid & Personal Payments Head at MasterCard

After attaining his MBA at the University of Miami, Mario worked 
as a Business Analyst at Microsoft, a Senior Marketing Manager 
at Sony, Senior Vice President at Citi, and Vice President at 
Mastercard. With over 13 years of experience as an executive, 
entrepreneur, and angel investor, Mario has garnered himself a 
proven track record for building, leading and motivating strong 
teams. His strategic vision is always supported by a solid 
analytical approach and commitment to excellence.

Area of expertise for Wabi: Crypto-markets



                 35

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

Advisory Team

Long Chiu
Vice President at a leading global resort and entertainment group
Formerly Director of Digital Commerce Development & CRM at Mead 
Johnson Nutrition

During his 18 years of experience with online and offline media, Long Chiu 
developed campaigns focused on connecting with consumers through 
nurtured brand affinity and loyalty programs.
As Director of Digital Commerce Development at Mead Johnson Nutrition, 
he led the design of the brand’s membership initiative. As Head of Digital 
Channels at the InterContinental Hotels Group, he created demand 
generating programs and established strategic partnerships.

Area of expertise for Wabi: Loyalty Programs, Consumer Engagement

Mark Zavadskiy
Business Development Director at Aliexpress (Alibaba Group)
Formerly Chief Asia Correspondent at Expert Business Weekly

Mark currently holds a senior position at the leading global e-commerce 
company Alibaba. As a business journalist, he attained a stellar reputation 
and exhaustive knowledge of the Asia-Pacific region. His work as Bureau 
Chief and Correspondent at several multi-media companies allowed him 
to grow his professional network of business connections in both Asia 
and Russia. Mark has a degree in East Asian Studies from Moscow State 
University, is fluent in Chinese, and was ranked in the Association of 
Managers of Russia’s top 10 managers of 2015-2016.

Area of expertise for Wabi: E-commerce.



                 36

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

ICO Details

PreICO and ICO terms
PreICO and ICO

• There will be 2 stages: first a preICO, then the ICO itself. PreICO will enable us to put together an 
ICO that is appropriate for the scope of the project and the opportunity.

WaBi (蛙币) token

• WaBi (蛙币) token will be used to purchase Walimai protected products (similar to loyalty program 
points). This includes baby food, but also alcohol, cosmetics and any other products we plan to 
protect with our technology. In terms of geography, we will start in China* but we’ll grow outside 
of China as well. It’s hard to predict the exact timing at this stage. This will also not be limited 
to products that we sell ourselves: we plan to add other companies to the platform. These 
companies will also join the WaBi coin system*.

• We will encourage the use of WaBi (蛙币) tokens in several ways: 

• a) We set up a seamless usage process for consumers. b) We allow users to ‘mine’ tokens with 
a proof of purchase of Walimai protected products. Buyers of products protected by Walimai 
technology will receive some initial tokens when they start buying. We are reserving tokens at the 
ICO specifically for that. c) Consumers using WaBi (蛙币) will get better terms overall. This may 
include discounts, special offers, discounted purchases of WaBi (蛙币) tokens, etc.

• Maximum supply of WaBi (蛙币) will be limited to 100.000.000 with the following split: 

a) Up to 10.000.000 tokens will be sold at the preICO at 0.03 USD/ token. Funds will be used 
to launch the ICO. Up to an additional 1.000.000 tokens will be distributed through the bounty 
program.

b) Up to 46.000.000 will be distributed at the ICO stage in November 2017 at 0.25 USD/ token. 
The funds will be used to grow sales in baby stores, add more product categories (such as 
alcohol) and set up the WaBi Project blockchain based, remotely hosted loyalty system. Part of 
the funds will be used to buy back preWaBi tokens sold at preICO as described below.

c) WaBi sold during the PreICO will be either locked up for 3 or 6 months after the ICO (for 5% 
or 10% bonus respectively, out of founders’ token allocation) or bought back by WaBi Project at 
25 USD cent per WaBi after the ICO and before the token is placed on exchanges. WaBis thus 
reclaimed will be put onto a company reserve with a 6 month lock-up period. (Assuming 50% of 
preICO contributors decide to sell, this reserve will amount to 5.500.000 tokens)

d) 8.000.000 will distributed among the founders, team members and bounties. 
 * Please see “China - Special Provisions’



                 37

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

ICO Details
PreICO and ICO terms

e) The remaining 35.000.000 tokens will be reserved to be delivered to consumers through the 
mining process. Consumers will receive tokens by purchasing Walimai protected products and 
participating in other activities. These tokens will be held in an escrow. A merchant (seller of 
products protected by Walimai technology) will be entitled to release WaBi tokens equivalent of 
5% worth of their quarterly increase in sales of his products, from the escrow into circulation, 
by distributing these tokens among the customers in the form of rewards and discounts. The 
merchant will just sign the distribution order, no WaBi will pass onto the merchant this way. 

Here is an example explaining point (e): 

Merchant H sells cosmetics with Walimai protection. H used to sell 1m USD/month of cosmetics 
and grew sales to 1.3m USD over a quarter. Suppose, at the same time the price of WaBi at 
an exchange is 10 USD. H will then be eligible to distribute (1.3m-1m)*5%/10=1500 WaBi to its 
current or future buyers from the escrow.  
The escrow holding the remaining tokens will be split into different wallets for additional security. 
Merchant/consumer interactions will be done through the Walimai Authentication Interface and go 
through a system of checks and balances to avoid any unintended use of the tokens.

• Timing: preICO will start on 28th July at 17.00 Beijing time and run for 35 days or until reaching 
the maximum amount of 300k USD equivalent.

• Minimum and maximum amounts for the preICO are 30k USD and 300k USD equivalent. If we 
don’t reach 30k, the contributions will be returned. The preICO will be closed if/when we receive 
300k USD equivalent in contributions.

• The coin is called WaBi. Each WaBi will be sold at 0.03 USD during the preICO and 0.25 USD 
during the ICO.

• Token parameters: ERC20 token standard. 

• Our preICO wallet will not have a 3rd party escrow. We are not securing it with a 3rd party due 
to relatively small amount of the raise. ICO wallet will be secured by 3rd party escrow and/or 
multisignature account.

•  Accepted currencies - preICO : BTC, ETH, LTC. ICO: BTC, ETH.

• Important to note is that we are still having discussions with lawyers on some of the parameters of 
the ICO. Hence it is possible that some of the ICO terms may change.  At the same time we shall 
do our best to minimise the changes and protect the interests of our contributors.

• ICO timing: Starts in November 2017, will last for 30-60 days or until reaching the max. amount.



                 38

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

ICO Details

ICO Participation and KYC
•    KYC 
To participate in our token sale, you will need to pass KYC. We will require: 
- Full name 
- Citizenship(s) 
- Photo/scan of your government-issued ID which states citizenship. Passports will be accepted. 
Decisions on all other documents will be made on a case-by-case basis and will result in delay. 
- Selfie of you holding the submitted ID document 
- Email 
- Mobile phone number 
- ETH address to which we can send the WaBi tokens (you need to have control of this address, 
e.g. it can not be an exchange address) 
We will open the KYC site for registration on the 28th of October. 

•    White list and Individual cap 
We will sell WaBi tokens through a Whitelist with individual caps. Participants who pass KYC will 
be added to the Whitelist.  An individual cap will be applied on the first day of the ICO. It will be 
doubled on day 2 and doubled again on day 3. If not all WaBis are sold by then, we will remove 
the caps from day 4 onwards. 
 
•   Participation restrictions: 
Unfortunately we will need to restrict certain groups of people: 
- Nationals of the People’s Republic of China 
- US persons (US citizens, US residents, green card holders), if they don’t have an accredited 
investor status. You will need to prove your accredited investor status through a 3rd party vendor 
that we are working with 
- Persons under 18 years of age 
We don’t like to restrict people from participating in our sale but we also need to comply with 
relevant regulations and protect the project from any legal risks. 
 
•    Timing: 
- 28th of October - KYC registration opens. Registered users added to Whitelist. 
- 21st of November - Whitelist closed 
- 28th of November - 1st day of ICO



                 39

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

We believe WaBi (蛙币) will be a success

We are not building yet another piece of hyped vapourware with obscure 
prospects. We are solving a serious problem.

• RFID is getting wide adoption, with iPhones incorporating RFID 
scanning.

• NFC enabled phones are getting adopted for public  transport 
payments in China

• China allowed families to have a 2nd child in 2015

Expertise in key domains: Chinese market, product design, 
blockchain, confirmation/authentication technologies, FMCG.

Problem

We have been working on this problem for 5 years. We’ve already built 
and commercially deployed the system, and are now looking to scale.

Progress

Timing

Team

ICO Details



                 40

Not the final version. Please, check www.wacoin.io for the most 
up-to-date verson

https://slack.wacoin.io

https://twitter.com/wabiico

Contacts

Chat (English)  https://t.me/joinchat/GOTG3EIRK4fBEURKmiOYFg 
Channel (English) @wabiico or t.me/wabiico

Sign up to receive emails:
http://eepurl.com/cWgQpv

%0Dhttps://twitter.com/wabiico

