






















Winding Tree 

Travel Distribution Without Intermediaries 

Draft White Paper (FOR REVIEW; COMMENTS ARE NOW CLOSED) 

Discussion: https://www.reddit.com/r/windingtree/ 

windingtree.com​ (​GitHub​, ​Slack​) 

Abstract 

The travel industry is notoriously out of date in terms of technology adoption. Many travel 

companies still rely on fax machines and phones as main communication methods, others 

are struggling to connect to data sources to power their sales. This problem is especially 

acute for travel startups, one of the main sources of innovation. 

In this paper, we're identifying the root cause of these problems and proposing a solution 

to it that has been made possible with the invention of the blockchain: a decentralized 

B2B marketplace for travel. 

Root Cause: Travel is an Oligopolistic Market 

There are just five companies in the travel industry that control the entire market. The 

two largest OTAs (Online Travel Agencies), Priceline and Expedia, control ​95% of OTA 

market in the US​. The top three GDSs (Global Distribution Systems), Amadeus, Sabre and 

Travelport, distributors of airline inventory, have 99% combined ​market​ ​share​ in 

non-direct inventory. 

http://windingtree.com/
https://github.com/windingtree
http://slack.windingtree.com/
http://www.nasdaq.com/article/why-are-the-regulatory-bodies-stepping-up-to-curb-the-growing-influence-of-otas-and-what-might-be-the-implications-cm812584
http://www.nasdaq.com/article/why-are-the-regulatory-bodies-stepping-up-to-curb-the-growing-influence-of-otas-and-what-might-be-the-implications-cm812584
http://www.travelmarketreport.com/articles/GDS-Report-Amadeus-Travelport-See-Gains-in-Q3
http://www.tnooz.com/article/travelport-announces-ipo-aiming-raise-480m/


In this paper, we'll make a few generalizations because it's not our goal to dissect the 

problems we're describing, but rather to give a high-level overview of them. Also, for the 

sake of simplicity, we'll call the above-mentioned five companies "the intermediaries". 

Because there are only five intermediaries, they lack the incentive to innovate, e.g. some 

of these companies still use ​mainframe computers​ and software written decades ago. 

Another problem is that these companies use their position on the market to ​extract rent​, 

e.g. ​US Airways VS Sabre​. They are accused of ​overcharging their customers​ and 

employing other ​dubious tactics​. 

What does the status quo mean for stakeholders in these markets and ​for travelers​? 

For a boutique hotel, for example, it is extremely hard to distribute their inventory. They 

have to negotiate a contract to do so, while the intermediaries add their commission fee, 

usually 10-25%, very often forcing the hotel into a rate-parity agreement. That is why you 

see major hotel chains heavily advertising ​direct bookings​ by providing additional 

amenities, but not a better price. 

On the other hand, a new travel startup will find it very hard to obtain data from the 

intermediaries. Negotiations are lengthy and integrations slow. In the vast majority of 

cases, the intermediaries simply dismiss the request from new companies with no volume, 

the case for every new startup 

http://www.airlineinformation.org/opinion/ancillary-merchandising/1048-ai-editorial-airline-tech-issues-is-mainframe-legacy-solely-responsible.html
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/rentseeking.asp
http://www.tnooz.com/article/sabre-us-airways-american-airlines-gds-antitrust-lawsuit/
http://www.forbes.com/sites/peterjreilly/2011/11/17/is-expedia-stealing-from-its-customers/#277d83046450
http://www.geekwire.com/2016/hotel-operator-accuses-expedia-stealing-customers-misleading-ads-brazen-bait-switch/
http://www.benedelman.org/publications/ota-bias-12jul2017.pdf
https://www.trefis.com/stock/pcln/articles/411205/can-big-hotel-chains-really-manage-to-cut-out-the-ota-middleman-by-offering-incentives-to-direct-hotel-bookers/2017-06-20


 

 

 

   



We have ​researched these problems extensively​ and many industry professionals agree 

with us that if there was real competition between the intermediaries, none of these 

problems would exist. 

The following illustration of how the travel ecosystem looks today is taken from William El 

Kaim’s article titled ​The Coming Fourth Digital Revolution in the Travel Ecosystem​. We 

present it here with slight modifications. 

 

https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/travel-industrys-invisible-battle-maksim-izmaylov
https://skift.com/2015/05/04/the-coming-fourth-digital-revolution-in-the-travel-ecosystem/


 

 

   



Solution: Blockchain-Enabled B2B Travel 

Marketplace 

The solution to the problems is a platform with a few simple rules for data exchange 

between suppliers and buyers of travel. 

The project we've been working on for the past few months is called ​Winding Tree​ and it 

has the following features that aim to address current issues and enable an 

unprecedented surge of innovation in the travel industry. 

Here are some of the key features of the platform. Please note that we use Ethereum to 

build the MVP (minimum viable product), but we might consider changing to another 

public permissionless blockchain. 

No Booking Fees 

We believe that booking fees are a business model of the past . Winding Tree will not be 1

charging suppliers any distribution fees. Regarding transaction fees, Winding Tree will 

only charge a minuscule fee to incentivize miners to give computational power to the 

network. These fees will be automatically calculated by the blockchain at the time of 

transaction and will have no correlation with the total booking amount. 

Suppliers will have the option to set a default referral commission if they wish to do so. If a 

referral fee is set, any individual who refers a customer to the supplier will automatically 

receive the referral amount set by the hotel – if they voluntarily decide to set one. Hotels 

can also set up individual referral rates for different entities if they wish to do so. 

1 OTA commission fees are not pure rent, part of their fee goes towards marketing. The problem is that the 
marketing message in this case is in the hands of one company. At Winding Tree our goal is to allow many 
companies to compete using different marketing strategies and messages. 

http://windingtree.com/


No Downtime 

Winding Tree will be deployed on one (or several) of the public blockchain, which 

guarantees its 100% uptime. 

Near-real-time Transactions 

Winding Tree is a fully-automated solution, with integrations directly with reservation 

systems of travel suppliers. Transactions on our platform happen within a few seconds. 

This time is determined by the time needed for the blockchain to mine a block. 

Currently, blockchains are slower than other databases. At Winding Tree one of our 

development goals is to build a state channel on top of a public blockchain in order for 

participants of the network to make multiple thousands of transactions per second, which 

the travel industry requires. 

Bundling 

We understand that travel is all about bundling. Whenever you book a trip, it’s not just a 

flight or a hotel room, it’s usually a combination of multiple different segments. 

With Winding Tree, bundling will be extremely simple. Whether you have a pre-existing 

relationship with a provider of a service that complements yours, or whether you’d like to 

establish one, our platform will help you do it in the most streamlined way, given that that 

provider also uses Winding Tree. 

Open Collaboration 

Winding Tree code will be open-sourced and completely transparent for anyone to study 

and propose changes. It's one of the first open-source projects in the travel space. 



More importantly, the platform will be owned by the community and participants of the 

marketplace will be able to create and vote on proposals for changing the marketplace 

code by using the tools for governance of the platform that we’re currently building. 

Focus on Developer Experience 

In the next five years all travel firms will have to become software companies to be able to 

adapt to the rapidly changing technological landscape. The rest will be obliterated from 

the market just as Blackberry was made obsolete by the iPhone. 

Ten years ago it was enough for a travel agency to own a phone and a notebook, but now 

they have to be active on social media, understand online advertising, etc. Both suppliers 

and sellers of travel will have to embrace the new reality driven by technology, that is why 

our platform is built by engineers for engineers because labor cost is the top expense on a 

P&L of any software company and working with legacy systems slows down software 

development tremendously. 

Bank-Level Security 

Security of the data transacted on our marketplace is our top-priority. We use public-key 

cryptography to ensure that no one but the parties immediately involved in the 

transaction can see its details. 

Open Consensus Mechanism 

One of the most important aspects of Winding Tree is that it is a public decentralized 

computing platform with the open consensus model, as opposed to the consortium model. 

We are convinced that only permissionless architecture, where anyone could freely 

participate in the network, will solve the problems we’ve described above. 

Consortium consensus will inevitably lead to censorship. Its members will be deciding who 

can or can’t access the platform, and the mere need for that process will slow the advance 



of such platforms drastically. It’s worth mentioning that some of the companies in a union 

like this will be able to adopt new technologies faster than others, but at the same time, 

they will have to use the same standard, which will lead to the whole consortium moving 

only as fast as its slowest member. 

 

   



New Marketplace Economy 

The goal of creating Winding Tree is to facilitate travel in all of its different aspects, 

making it cheaper, faster, more enjoyable for consumers and allowing the creation of new 

business models in the travel industry. 

In order for us to achieve this goal, some of the current business practices and models will 

have to be removed or drastically changed, while some new concepts will finally be given a 

fertile ground for their growth. 

Fundamentally, Winding Tree is enabling the conditions for the perfect competition of 

travel suppliers and provides perfect information to buyers. 

Let's see how this will impact current market players and what new businesses can be 

built on top of the Winding Tree platform. 



 

 

   



Suppliers of Travel 

Forecast: ​Positive 

Airlines, hotels, car rentals, cruise ships, tour and activity providers, home rentals and 

B&B's will enjoy the fact that the Winding Tree marketplace has no transaction fees and 

that it's extremely easy to integrate with. They will also reestablish relationship with their 

customers, allowing them to provide much better service and truly differentiate on the 

experience. 

Winding Tree will also drastically lower barriers to entry for new players, allowing them to 

easily compete with the incumbents. 

Travel Agencies and Tour Operators 

Forecast: ​Positive 

Travel agents will enjoy easy access to data and low fees on our platform. One of our goals 

is to improve the quality of the data that's currently available to travel agents. 

Travel Startups 

Forecast: ​Positive 

Winding Tree is built with the needs of travel startups in mind. While small companies and 

individual entrepreneurs are rejected by big players, our platform is open and very easy to 

work with. Just download our library, read the API documentation, and you're good to go 

in almost no time. 

Destination Management Organizations 

Forecast: ​Positive 



Destination marketing organizations (or DMOs) have been sidelined in this digital age by 

industry giants. They often don’t have the bandwidth or resources to stay relevant. With 

Winding Tree, a DMO will be able to fully leverage their unique position in the market, in 

order to provide the best traveler experience by easily accessing hotel/tour content in 

their destination as well as flight availability and acting as a travel agency. 

Meta-Search 

Forecast: ​No Longer Necessary 

The meta-search business model was created precisely because there was no data 

infrastructure that allowed for easy access to supplier data. Winding Tree could eliminate 

this problem and its derivative business models, while initially it will be just one of the data 

sources for metasearch engines. 

Aggregators 

Forecast: ​Radical Business Model Change Necessary 

Many intermediaries in the travel industry benefit from charging exorbitant transaction 

fees because there are no alternatives, not because they deliver value. By enabling perfect 

competition, Winding Tree threatens this model. 

New Business Models 

Winding Tree will allow for new business models to be built on top of it. Here are just a 

few examples. 



Travel Agent Interface 

Winding Tree is just a set of APIs, so an individual travel agent won't be able to access it, 

but a programmer, on the other hand, will easily be able to build an interface for travel 

agents and sell it as a subscription, for example. 

Easy access to the platform would mean that many more individuals and organizations will 

be building these interfaces, competing on features and price, which will lead to vast 

improvements in quality of these interfaces and adjacent products and services, including 

back office. 

Algorithm-as-a-Service 

An individual software engineer could easily build an algorithm for pricing hotel rooms, for 

example, and sell it as an add-on to property systems integrated with Winding Tree. 

Personalization Engine 

Because Winding Tree will have access to a huge body of anonymized travel data, it will be 

extremely easy to build a travel personalization algorithm and sell it to travel agencies. 

AI-assisted Booking 

Currently, there are multiple projects that can help you book a hotel via chat or voice 

interface, but all of them are only as good as the data they have in their systems. By 

enabling easy access to data we will make it extremely easy to build a travel booking chat 

bot. 

The Ultimate Travel App 

What would the ultimate travel experience look like? Imagine you receive a calendar 

invite from your business partner for a meeting in another city. Ideally, there would be an 



app that would immediately book the best option for traveling there, including flights, 

hotels, ground transportation, etc. 

The perfect travel app will also send you updates when your flight is delayed, with the 

information about how it affects your whole itinerary and options to still be able to make 

it to your meeting. 

Thematic Travel DAOs 

Thematic Travel DAOs where suppliers (hotels, airlines, cars etc.) meet demand, have 

their own incentive tokens, build customer loyalty with it, local reputation etc. and charge 

small fee distributed to the community. 

Travelers 

Forecast: ​Positive 

Most importantly, the goal of the Winding Tree platform is to allow businesses to deliver 

the best possible customer experience. 

With all the aforementioned new business models, travel will be much more 

streamlined, personalized and there will be much more choice in terms of travel 

agencies that will cater to different demographics, as opposed to status-quo today, with 

the same company trying to satisfy needs of business travelers, backpackers, cultural, 

health and eco-tourists, etc. 

With increased competition between travel agencies and suppliers, travelers will enjoy 

better service at ​better prices​. 

https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2874598


UN Sustainable Development Goals 

The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), officially known as Transforming our world: 

the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development is a set of ​17 "Global Goals"​ with 169 

targets between them. 

Winding Tree helps to advance the travel industry towards the following goals. 

 

Decent Work and Economic Growth 

We believe that the current situation in the travel does not allow for innovation, but 

technological innovation is one of the main drivers of economic growth. 

Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure 

Winding Tree goal is to improve infrastructure and enable innovation in the travel 

industry. 

Reduced Inequalities 

Inequality, social, economic and corporate, is one of the defining features of our societies 

today. Blockchain technology helps us to address these issues in the travel industry by 

removing rent-seeking intermediaries and enabling competition. 

https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/?menu=1300


Partnerships for the Goals 

Last, but not least, Winding Tree is open to collaborate with any stakeholders in the 

industry that share the same vision. We need your contribution, because only together we 

can solve the issues described in this paper. 

Another project that founders of Winding Tree are involved at is ​Travel Tech Con​, an 

organization that aims to enable collaboration in the travel industry via organizing events 

for travel startups and developers. 

 

   

http://traveltechcon.com/


How Does Winding Tree Work 

In a nutshell, Winding Tree is a set of smart contracts on Ethereum with a DAO 

governance platform that allows for the holders of Líf to participate in the development of 

those contracts. 

Winding Tree connects suppliers (hotels, airlines, etc.) and sellers (travel agencies) to a 

single marketplace. Suppliers will be able to put information about their availability and 

price onto the database, where it would be easily discoverable by sellers. Sellers then have 

the ability to buy that inventory and pay for it instantly. All these interactions are 

designed to be performed without human intervention. 

Why Blockchain? 

The travel industry, as we established, is dominated by a few big players. Blockchains on 

the other hand are designed to cut out the middlemen. E.g. Bitcoin is a financial system 

without one central authority, such as a bank or a government, and we hve just applied a 

similar logic to the travel industry. 

It is important to note that ​only open, permissionless blockchains​ can reduce inequalities 

and change the balance of power because private or consortium, by definition, are not 

able to provide the same level of trust and security. 

Connecting to Winding Tree 

Winding Tree platform is built by engineers for engineers and it’s not our goal to build 

user-facing interfaces for the marketplace. Instead, we encourage the creation of those 

interfaces by third-party developers in order to increase competition and quality of these 

products. 

https://coincenter.org/files/2016-12/openmattersv1-1.pdf


We also envision existing software products, like property management systems, travel 

agent interfaces, etc. to connect to Winding Tree. 

Winding Tree Transaction 

Here’s how a hotel booking on Winding Tree looks like. 

 

Líf Token — Winding Tree Currency 

In order for the PMS from the illustration above, let’s call it PMS1, to be able to write 

information into the Winding Tree database, it has to have a balance of Líf, the Winding 

Tree platform cryptocurrency. The users of the platform, like travel agents or front desk 



managers, do not have to know that what powers the system in the background is the líf 

token, but it is beneficial for developers to understand how it works behind the scenes. 

In order for PMS1 to write information onto the Index contract, and in order for the 

sellers to be able to find inventory from that hotel, the PMS will have to spend a tiny 

amount of líf. Once again, that’s not the platform fee, this is for incentivizing miners to 

participate in the network. 

Let’s say that PMS1 has a balance of 5 líf. A hotel manager would like to make available 10 

rooms in the hotel from May 1 to May 31, for the price of USD $100 per room per night. 

One transaction with all that information is dispatched and along with it a fee of 0.01 líf is 

sent to Winding Tree. Now the hotel has its inventory on Winding Tree platform. 

Now one of the employees of the travel agency (or a user of an online travel agency) 

performs a search on Winding Tree via software that their software engineers had 

created, let’s call it TA1 (Travel Agent 1). It also has a balance in líf, but the search query is 

free, so the TA1 balance has not decreased. It is used though when the travel agent 

decides to book a hotel room for one of their customers. In this case, the correct amount 

of líf has to be sent to the smart contract in order to book a room. 

Here is a breakdown of what is being transacted in each step: 

1. PMS1: INVENTORY. Data: room availability and price, fee: 0.01 LIF. 

2. TA1: SEARCH. Data: search criteria, fee: 0. 

3. TA1: PURCHASE. Data: room and guest information, price: 100 LIF, fee: 0.02 LIF. 

At the end of this series of transactions, the TA1 balance is decreased by 100.02 LIF and 

the PMS1 spent 0.01 and gained 100 LIF, while WT has the record that confirming that 

the travel agency customer has the right to stay at the hotel. 

At the same time, 0.03 LIF went towards the miner that confirmed these transactions by 

putting them in the next block. 



Please note that the fees above are hypothetical, the actual fee amounts will be 

automatically calculated by the marketplace at the time of the transaction. 

The usual concern here is the volatility of the currency. We mitigate that risk by allowing 

parties to convert líf to fiat currencies at the time of the transaction. 

Líf Exchange 

In order for PMS1 and TA1 to have Líf balances, they have to purchase it first. This can be 

done automatically, so there is no need for the end users of PMS1 or TA1 to know that 

they are buying and selling cryptocurrency. For them the transaction will look very simple: 

100 U.S. dollars (or any other fiat currency) are sent to the WT platform from their bank 

account for payment of a hotel room for a customer. The hotel will receive a payment in 

their bank account as well. 

But how are the tokens converted into fiat currencies? One of the most important parts of 

the Winding Tree ecosystem, while most of the world still uses fiat currencies, is the Líf 

Exchange. We are working with a variety of cryptocurrency exchanges in order to be able 

to easily convert Líf to local currencies. The goal for the initial release is to be able to 

transact in US dollars and Euro, but we will be adding other currencies as we continue 

development. 

While all the transactions within Winding Tree have very small fees (fraction of 1 líf), 

withdrawing fiat from the system will be the subject to a fee up to 1%. 

Winding Tree Block Explorer 

Both PMS1 and TA1 users should now be able to verify that that transaction has been 

confirmed and that the end user can enjoy her upcoming hotel stay. 



Winding Tree Block Explorer is a website where they may see their (encrypted) 

transactions if they know its hash. The website will also have statistics about the platform 

load, Líf price, and other information. 

Winding Tree DAO and Platform Governance 

Winding Tree DAO smart contract is the issuer of Líf. That’s where participants of the 

marketplace will buy tokens initially. Afterward, anyone will be able to sell and buy líf at 

the Líf Exchange. 

WT DAO has all the logic for token distribution, but the most important part of this smart 

contract will be the logic that will allow Winding Tree users to create proposals for 

changing the logic of the platform and vote on them. 

The nature of the blockchain does not allow for changing smart contracts, but the 

platform will have to evolve, the data exchange standards will have to change, we will 

need new smart contracts for handling other methods of transportation, etc. 

The solution is to create new smart contracts and have the WT DAO store a list of these 

contract addresses. Whenever there is a need to update one of the smart contracts, any 

user of the platform that has made at least 10 transactions will be able to create a 

proposal for that change, with the new smart contract logic, back it up with an explanation 

for the change, data to support it, etc. Other participants of the network will be able to 

vote on that proposal and when it gains enough votes for the change, the DAO index will 

be updated automatically within a predefined timeframe, e.g. one month. 

Data Exchange Standards 

Data exchange standards is one of the issues that participants of the Winding Tree 

marketplace have to agree upon. The current model for developing these standards (e.g. 



Open Travel Alliance or IATA) are too slow, by any adequate metric. E.g. it took IATA five 

years to create NDC standard. 

Winding Tree brings the open-source model of working on data exchange standards to 

the travel industry. 

How Will Winding Tree Make Money? 

Despite not taking commission fees from transactions on our platform, there are a 

number of ways for Winding Tree to be commercially successful so we can commit to its 

future development. 

Reports 

One of the biggest problems in the travel industry is that market reports are usually out of 

date. We plan on issuing regular reports with high-level insights of what’s happening in 

the WT marketplace, so participating companies can make educated decisions about their 

strategies. 

Selling Optional Proprietary Extensions and Professional Services 

One of the most obvious open-source business models for us is to build optional 

extensions for the platform. We will also consult and provide technical support for larger 

companies as they migrate to the Winding Tree platform. 

Challenges 

Winding Tree project is facing a few exciting challenges that can be divided into two 

categories: technical and business. 



In terms of technology, blockchains are still not capable of supporting the load that the the 

entire travel industry would require. The Bitcoin blockchain can handle a maximum of 

seven transactions per second, Ethereum — 10–20. The good news is that many people 

are working on scaling public blockchains and these improvements are well underway. 

Another issue that many bring up is the security of WT transactions. This is not a real issue 

however, because all transactions will be encrypted so only the parties that are 

immediately involved in a transaction will be able to see its details. 

The biggest challenge by far is to educate people and organizations about the possibilities 

of the Winding Tree platform and convince them to use it, but, hopefully, if Silicon Valley’s 

prophecy about software eating the world is correct, we’ll see a natural and steady 

growth. 

   



Token Generation Event 

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wkZOZCHKi3S5sHLh_i1FM2guERSQ1Uz8bh6W

Esb1FWU/edit?usp=sharing 

Development Plans 

Depending on the total amount of funds raised, we commit to the following roadmaps. In 

any case, we will put a lot of power into the hands of our contributors, so they will be able 

to influence the development of the platform. Winding Tree will act as a non-profit and 

provide annual reports about the fund distribution. We are also considering to 

incorporate as a non-profit, as other blockchain companies have done. 

$5-10M Roadmap 

2017 Q2 

● WT DAO & Lif token smart contract. 

● Smart contract for inventory search 

● Smart contracts for booking hotels 

● Open source data exchange standards for hotels 

● Stage one of the crowdsale: pre-sale 

2017 Q3 

● Smart contracts for airlines 

● Open source data exchange standards for airlines 



● Stage two of the crowdsale 

2017 Q4 

● Multisignature Líf Token 

● Multisignature integration on web apps & wallets 

● WT Block Explorer 

● Líf exchange 

2018 

● Smart contracts for tours and activities, car rentals, etc. 

● Public data reports published in real time 

● Improve network scalability 

$10-25M Roadmap 

In addition to all the above, we will start the development of a state channel for 

blockchains, designed specifically for travel, i.e. to handle large volumes of transactions, 

with better search mechanisms and quicker payments. 

We will also develop user-facing applications, e.g. an application for smartphones that 

would unlock a hotel door using a confirmed B2B transaction hash. 

$25-40M Roadmap 

In addition to all the above, we will commit to design, develop, produce and contribute to 

the development of open-source hardware for the travel industry, like POS, locks, 

terminals, etc. 



 

   



The Team 

Our team has deep expertise in software engineering, entrepreneurship, business 

development in the travel industry and other fields. 

Maksim Izmaylov 

Maksim is a software engineer and entrepreneur. He has been working on travel projects 

for more than five years. Apart from Winding Tree, Maksim cofounded ​Roomstorm​, 

software solution that helps airlines to accommodate passengers from delayed and 

canceled flights, and ​Travel Tech Con​, a not-for-profit organization that aims to move the 

industry forward by enabling collaboration between various stakeholders in the travel 

industry. 

Maksim writes about travel and technology, he speaks at travel conferences about 

blockchain and at blockchain conferences about travel. 

Jakub Vysoky 

Jakub is a software engineer and evangelist for Python programming language. He has 

worked with Maksim on a multitude of software projects in the last 10 years. 

Jakub is a contributor to Python, Django, and many other open-source projects. He has 

deep knowledge of the travel industry API ecosystem and its problems. 

Jakub is responsible for the development of the open-source data exchange standards 

and Winding Tree libraries. 

http://roomstorm.com/
http://traveltechcon.com/


Augusto Lemble 

Augusto is a blockchain hacker and a full-stack software developer. He has worked on 

multiple blockchain related projects for the last three years. 

Augusto is specialized on decentralized and web applications, with a deep knowledge of 

blockchain protocols. He is responsible for the smart contracts development and security, 

also for the blockchain integration of Winding Tree libraries and services. 

Pedro Anderson 

Pedro leads our business development and marketing efforts. He is responsible for 

expanding adoption and use of Winding Tree across the industry. 

Prior to Winding Tree, Pedro was responsible for driving adoption of the Attendify app 

from its formative years to a leading position in the Event Tech space. Pedro also founded 

“​Firefly​” a non-profit focused on training and preparing orphans for careers in the 

hospitality industry. 

https://www.facebook.com/FireflyUkraine/

