








































Microsoft Word - whitepaper.docx


 

 1  

 

 
 

 
 

ZEEPIN CHAIN 
The Distributed Creative New Economy 

 

 

 

White paper 
V 1.06 / December 26, 2017 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 2  

Content 
 
1. Executive Summary 4 

2. Problems to Solve 6 

2.1 Currently, right confirmation and protection is difficult in the creative market, which reduces 
passion for innovation. 6 

2.2 The supervision and distribution mechanism for copyright assets is not complete, and users 
lack a trust mechanism. 6 

2.3 The centralised transaction venue is unable to adapt to the "lightweight" innovation 
development trend. 6 

2.4 The opaque and untrusted transaction mode is difficult to merger into financial innovation. 7 

3. Mission 8 

4. Zeepin Community 9 

4.1 Zeepin Infrastructure 9 

4.2  Zeepin Utility  9 

4.3 Zeepin dApps 11 

5. Core Participants 14 

6. Why Blockchain? 16 

6.1 Decentralised Security Assurance and Credible Traceability 16 

6.2 Assets Digitisation and Right Confirmation  16 

6.3 Decentralised Transaction Platform 16 

6.4 Realisation of Smart Economy 16 

6.5 Global Value Transfer 16 

7. ZPT Purpose 18 

7.1 Establishing a Consistent Community Incentive Mechanism 18 

7.2 Establishing a Disintermediated Service System 18 

7.3 Establishing a Safe and Efficient Crowd-funding Environment 18 

8. ZPT Application 19 



 

 3  

8.1 Community Reward 19 

8.2 Utilisation 20 

8.3 Crowd-funding projects 20 

9. Zeepin Platform Road Map for development 21 

10. Main Challenges 22 

10.1 Developing Blockchain-based Stable and Flexible Applications 22 

10.2 Content Infringement and Plagiarism 22 

10.3 Credit Score Evaluation System for Reward 22 

10.4 Evaluation Method and Data Authenticity for Crowd-funding Project 22 

10.5 Copyright Protection and Crowd-funding Platform to Integrate Traditional Ideas 23 

11.  ZPT Sale Plan 24 

Allocation of ZPT 24 

Project budget 25 

12. Board of Directors 27 

13. Zeepin Team 28 

14. Risk Factors 32 

 



 

 4  

1. Executive Summary 
The Foundation's goal is to promote development, research and advocacy for the Zeepin 
blockchain (Zeepin Chain), which is a decentralised blockchain developed for the global creative 
industry and the decentralised sharing new economy community thereon, which would help global 
creative content producers and innovators with assets digitisation and rights confirmation, enable 
efficient transactions and crowd-funding of creative assets, help organisations and individuals 
improve innovation efficiency, and incubate a large number of self-governing for-profit creative 
organisations applying blockchain technology to the sharing economy model. In the community on 
Zeepin Platform, each organisation or individual will have a reliable digital identity and be able to 
convert innovative or creative resources into digital assets, which are secure and may be shared 
on Zeepin Chain, so as to reduce risks in trading between users and improve creation efficiency. 
The decentralised platform to be build by the Foundation on the Zeepin blockchain is designed to 
be the world's leading blockchain-based innovation, transaction, and crowd-funding platform for the 
creative industry (Zeepin Platform). 

Based on the standard open source framework consisting of the NeoContract smart contract 
system and front-end library, Zeepin Platform enables any organisation or individual (including 
creators, manufacturers, and channel partners) to launch innovative projects or jointly organise 
decentralised self-governing innovation teams. 

To better suit the features of the Sharing New Economy, the Foundation's technical team has 
designed and built the bottom blockchain infrastructure and business framework in a manner which 
will be more suitable for the Zeepin community and future applications. In this way, the Zeepin 
Chain database will be more suited to develop applications based on the consistency of massive 
data, covering credit investigation, digital copyright, anti-counterfeiting, etc. It is planned that 
atomic transactions on Zeepin Chain can support electronic assets, asset swaps, payment, and 
other functions. Meanwhile, the technical team has greatly extended functions at the protocol layer, 
so as to support various dApps which are planned for release under the Zeepin name. 

In conclusion, Zeepin Plaform provides support for innovators from putting forward an idea to fully 
operating project, including project crowd-funding, team formation, copyright protection, IP 
transactions etc. In addition, the Zeepin team behind the development of Zeepin Platform has 
accumulated rich industrial experience and resources, and the Foundation will work with Arting365 
to enable over 1.2 million designers worldwide to provide creative services for their customers, and 
possibly even the whole industry in the Zeepin community. Through the usage of the native tokens 
(ZPT) on Zeepin Chain, the Zeepin Platform connects creative content with people in need of 
creative ideas through embedded smart contracts. 



 

 5  

 
Zeepin Platform = Creative industry + Smart economy  



 

 6  

2. Problems to Solve 
 
2.1 Currently, right confirmation and protection is difficult in the creative market, which 
reduces passion for innovation. 

ZEEPIN CHAIN SOLUTION: COPYRIGHT PRO 

How can one prove that the copyright is created by the creator? Recording copyright confirmation 
information on an authoritative centralised platform may result in the risk of tampering by the 
supreme database administrator or external hacker, such that such information is unsatisfactory 
evidence in a court and/or unable to fully support the creator's right confirmation. It is difficult to 
carry out right confirmation because the creator, supervisory authorities, and copyright user cannot 
achieve mutual trust in an effective and low-cost manner. 
In Zeepin Chain, each creator who has validated their rights will receive a type of digital asset 
called "Copyright Pro", which will get the support from Zeepin Chain in its whole lifecycle including 
copyright selling, transfer, and co-creator copyright distribution. Zeepin certificate of registration will 
be issued for the digital asset, and will be recorded on the blockchain with timestamp. Each right 
confirmation can be treated as right confirmation transaction recorded on the blockchain, which 
publicizes creator's information, copyright information and creative theme Hash. 

 

2.2 The supervision and distribution mechanism for copyright assets is not complete, and 
users lack a trust mechanism. 

ZEEPIN CHAIN SOLUTION: SMART CONTRACT-BASED AUTHORISATION PRO AND 
ITS TRACEABILITY 

On Zeepin Chain, once creators successfully validate their right and obtain Copyright Pros, they 
can use the Copyright Pros to further issue Authorisation Pros, grant the Authorisation Pros to 
relevant stakeholders involved in production / distribution, and implement the pre-agreed plan for 
profit-sharing for that particular copyright between the copyright creator and relevant stakeholders 
(to be programmed into smart contract). 

On Zeepin Chain, Authorisation Pros are a type of digital assets with fast, safe, trusted and 
decentralised transaction features, similar to other digital assets. Zeepin Chain's smart contract 
function will be performed according to related information specified in the Authorisation Pros, and 
the system will automatically distribute profits for that particular copyright according to the pre-
agreed percentage. It is impossible to change, stop or tamper with the whole process. 

 

2.3 The centralised transaction venue is unable to adapt to the "lightweight" innovation 
development trend. 

ZEEPIN CHAIN SOLUTION: DECENTRALISED INTERCONNECTION AND 
TRANSACTION PLATFORM 



 

 7  

A feature of the creative market today is "lightweight" innovation, referring to a myriad of ideas and 
intellectual property which may potentially be copyrighted, but which individually have small value. 
Should owners of these "lightweight" innovation go through the traditional process of negotiations, 
contract signing and subsequent profit distribution, this small value would be barely able to cover 
the hefty transaction costs associated with the traditional process. 

The traditional process is complicated with multiple procedures due to the requirement of trusted 
third parties to act as the middleman between two unfamiliar parties involved; and these third 
party(ies) would also want to participate in profit sharing, which raises transaction cost. Zeepin 
Platform (together with the planned DApps such as Zee Create and ZeeRights on Zeepin Chain) 
aims to provide a decentralised and trusted creativity interconnection and copyright transaction 
environment, thus ensuring trust between multiple parties on copyright creativity, need and 
production without a trusted third party. In this way, the transaction cost will decrease to adapt to 
the transaction trend of "lightweight" innovation. 

 

2.4 The opaque and untrusted transaction mode is difficult to merger into financial 
innovation. 

ZEEPIN CHAIN SOLUTION: TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THE SCALABILITY OF THE 
BLOCKCHAIN TO INTERCONNECT WITH THIRD-PARTY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 
AND FINANCIERS 

Under the current creativity production and copyright transaction model, the whole chain cost is not 
able to support financial services through traditional procedures, and on the other hand financial 
institutions find it almost impossible to evaluate and price small amounts of creativity service and 
digital copyright transaction in a cost effective manner. Zeepin Chain had been conceptualised to 
provide blockchain-based information encompassing copyright confirmation, transaction, 
authorisation and pre-agreed profit distribution between users, which exists on the tamper-proof 
transaction record on the blockchain timestamp. The Zeepin Platform is designed to allow financial 
institutions to design products, e.g. petty insurance, with smart-contract-like features, thus enabling 
financial products to integrate into the whole chain covering digital copyright production, 
interconnection, and transaction, and providing relevant protection to participants. Due to the open 
and public nature of the blockchain, more financial institutions, stakeholders and third-party 
commercial institutions can link up with Zeepin Chain in the future, thus enhancing traffic guidance, 
transaction and service on different nodes of the entire community, while accelerating value 
circulation for the entire creative industry. 



 

 8  

3. Mission 
The Foundation's goal is to promote development, research and advocacy for Zeepin Chain, which 
is a decentralised blockchain developed for the global creative industry and the decentralised 
sharing new economy community thereon, which would help global creative content producers and 
innovators with assets digitisation and rights confirmation, enable efficient transactions and crowd-
funding of creative assets, help organisations and individuals improve innovation efficiency, and 
incubate a large number of self-governing for-profit creative organisations applying blockchain 
technology to the sharing economy model. 

 

Although the global creative industry is developing rapidly, its growth rate still falls short of the 
expectations of industry analysts. One key reason is that the leading enterprises tend to develop 
slowly, whilst the development of medium, small and micro-sized enterprises, organisations, and 
innovative individuals is limited due to copyright, territory, talent, financing, and other related 
problems. 

 

NEO is an open sourced, publicly maintained distributed computing bottom-layer network built on 
blockchain technology. The subsequent development of NEO offers the possibility of realising a 
"smart economy", decentralising organisational structure, promoting digitisation of blockchain 
based assets, creation of digital identities, and the automatic management of digital assets via 
smart contracts. The Foundation is actively involved in establishing communities and decentralised 
organisations which non-technical users may use in dApps in order to create and manage based 
on NEO. Relevant tools have created a new mode for mass collaboration based on economic 
incentives. 

 

Meanwhile, blockchain and encryption technologies are changing the situation, accelerating the 
development of the creative industry, and enabling innovators to change the world in an easier and 
more comfortable way. The Foundation aims to create a fair and efficient creative ecosystem, 
which can be understood as a public facility in the blockchain field which has various kinds of tools 
(dApps) which anyone can use. These dApps are designed to solve the problems related to the 
protection of innovation copyright, remote cooperation, talent recruitment, and project financing. 
For example, the most fundamental dApp in the Zeepin community is ZeeRights, which helps 
innovators in copyright protection, ensures tradable digital assets, and solves problems from the 
industrial source. 

 

The blockchain technology-based trust system and infrastructure will help achieve collective 
coordination, creation of value, and accelerate the organic integration of participants in the cultural 
and creative industries, thus to make it possible for everyone to easily utilise the value resources 
scattered around the world. Every user of Zeepin Platform may find his/her needed resources and 
launch innovative / crowd-funding projects. 



 

 9  

4. Zeepin Community 
4.1 Zeepin Infrastructure 

The Zeepin Platform's infrastructure network is built based on the underlying technology of 
DNAProject. Meanwhile, in light of different needs, Zeepin Platform also provides innovative 
multilayered and classified ledger methods. There will be standardised procedures and services, 
reference data sharing, standardised processing capacity and timely data display. In the future, all 
people can release applications and digital assets or provide the derivative products/services of 
digital assets on the chain. 

 
4.2  Zeepin Utility  

4.2.1 ZeeCrew 

Zeepin Platform will introduce ZeeCrew, which is designed to be a key public facility in the 
community which enables organisations or individuals to form decentralised and autonomous 
project teams. ZeeCrew is an efficient and cost-benefit way to set up the team running a separate 
legal entity. With the blockchain-based smart contract and Zeepin's public facilities, the founders 
are able to outsource various tasks such as office administration, legal services, accounting 
services, and sharing of profits from the project. Participants can set up a new team contract 
address as the team's public account. Then new team participants can be added by directionally 
sending out a profit distribution proportion. Meanwhile, the team can apply for a name and bind its 
name with its address through Zeepin Name Service, hence enhancing the team's credit standing.

  

 
ZeeCrew applies to any individuals and organisations. For example, it can be used to flexibly 
establish new operations or project groups with joint efforts between different companies, between 
different individuals as well as between individuals and companies. It is a modern eco-friendly and 
effective operation model as an alternative to the traditional company operation system. The 



 

 10  

essence of efficiency lies in the fact that you can find project required resources and partners 
around the world through the community. For example, you can take advantage of the quality 
copyright of creators to drive the excess capacity of small and medium-sized manufacturers. 

4.2.2 Zeepin Token（ZPT） 

The native token for Zeepin Chain (ZPT) is the infrastructure of the decentralised community. It is a 
functional utility token which may only be utilised on the Zeepin Platform (if successfully completed 
and deployed) as a unit of exchange for valuable products / services provided in the ecosystem on 
Zeepin Platform, and provide incentives which will encourage participants to contribute and 
maintain the ecosystem on Zeepin Platform. 

ZPT is a non-refundable functional utility token which will be used as the unit of exchange between 
participants on the Zeepin Platform. ZPT does not in any way represent any shareholding, 
participation, right, title, or interest in the Foundation, its affiliates, or any other company, enterprise 
or undertaking, nor will ZPT entitle token holders to any promise of fees, revenue, profits or 
investment returns, and are not intended to constitute securities in Singapore or any relevant 
jurisdiction. ZPT may only be utilised on Zeepin Platform, and ownership of ZPT carries no rights, 
express or implied, other than the right to use ZPT as a means to enable usage of and interaction 
with Zeepin Platform. 

All dApps and tools planned to be developed by the Foundation (e.g. ZeeRights, ZeeCreate, 
ZeeTalent, ZeeFund, ZeeProof and ZeeSure) will be launched on Zeepin Platforms, and ZPT is the 
only means by which payment may be made for these dApps and tools. 

The Zeepin Platform is also planned to have features which would allow for reward-based crowd-
funding of certain projects by users on the Zeepin Platform (securities and equity based crowd-
funding projects would rejected), and the project organisers would receive ZPT from other users. 
The ZPT received may be spent by these project organisers on Zeepin Platform, e.g. engaging the 
services of other developers, designers or professionals. 

In particular, you understand and accept that ZPT: 

(a) is non-refundable cannot be exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value in any other virtual 
currency) or any payment obligation by the Foundation or any affiliate; 

(b) does not represent or confer on you any right of any form with respect to the Foundation (or 
any of its affiliates) or its revenues or assets, including without limitation any right to receive 
future revenue, shares, ownership right or stake, share or security, any voting, distribution, 
redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms of intellectual property), or other 
financial or legal rights or equivalent rights, or intellectual property rights or any other form of 
participation in or relating to the Zeepin Platform, the Foundation and/or its service providers; 

(c) is not intended to be a representation of money (including electronic money), security, 
commodity, bond, debt instrument or any other kind of financial instrument or investment; 

(d) is not a loan to the Foundation or any of its affiliates, is not intended to represent a debt owed 
by the Foundation or any of its affiliates, and there is no expectation of profit; and 



 

 11  

(e) does not provide you with any ownership or other interest in the Foundation or any of its 
affiliates. 

The contributions in the token sale will be held by a separate entity after the token sale, and 
contributors will have no economic or legal right over or beneficial interest in these contributions or 
the assets of that entity after the token sale. 

To the extent a secondary market or exchange for trading ZPT does develop, it would be run and 
operated wholly independently of the Foundation, the sale of ZPT and Zeepin Platform. The 
Foundation will not create such secondary markets nor will it act as an exchange for ZPT. 

 

4.3 Zeepin dApps 

Similar to the Apple Store, Zeepin dApps provides various API data interfaces for community 
developers. Any user of Zeepin Platform may release Zeepin-based applications via Zeepin dApps 
to serve the whole creative industry. The dApps developed or planned to be developed by the 
Foundation are as follows: 

 

 

4.3.1 ZeeRights 

Creative copyright plays a very important role in the ecosystem on the Zeepin Platform. The 
existing difficulty of rights confirmation and protection limits the innovative impetus for innovators. 
The Zeepin Platform's solution to this issue is to digitize and record these creative assets through 
the usage of “Copyright Pro” and “Authorisation Pro”. The Foundation aims to reduce the actual 
cost to the user for copyright certification to close to zero. Zeepin Platform aims to offer the dApp 
ZeeSure to support innovators and to ensure the protection of their copyright. 



 

 12  

ZeeRights is also a decentralised transaction site. It can achieve decentralised creativity protection 
and transactions by harnessing the breakthrough technology of the blockchain Internet platform 
with smart contract. 

For partners who jointly set up organisations or talent recruiters for projects, any violation of 
copyright by designs provided by their creativity provider will impact their integrity and credibility of 
their project. Interested parties may thus leverage ZeeRights to gain insights into the credibility and 
progress of the projects, thus managing and controlling their risks. 

Core function of ZeeRights has been developed and is under internal testing. 

 

 

 

4.3.2 ZeeProof  

"Zero-knowledge proof" blockchain-based technique is able to provide conclusive proof of 
copyright existence without disclosing any of the copyright contents, thus greatly reducing the risk 
of intellectual property violation. 

 

4.3.3 ZeeSure Asset Insurance 

As a blockchain-based IP insurance platform, ZeeSure will provide creative thinkers/practitioners 
with one-stop insurance service for various digital intellectual property, as well as legal 
consultation.  

Comparing the Zeepin Platform to traditional transaction models, it is very difficult for traditional 
transaction models to achieve financial innovation. For projects on the Zeepin Platform, insurance 
or other financial products / requirements are integrated into the entire chain, covering digital 
copyright development, needs and production, and corresponding protection and services are 
provided for the participants to improve the security, circulation, and transaction of digital assets. 



 

 13  

 

4.3.4 ZeeCreate 

As a decentralised design interconnection platform on Zeepin Chain, ZeeCreate uses ZPT as the 
medium of exchange on embedded smart contract, and is able to quickly connect / bridge creative 
contents and people in need of creative ideas. The Foundation will work with Arting365 to enable 
over 1.2 million designers worldwide to provide creative services for their customers, and possibly 
even the whole industry in the Zeepin community. ZeeCreate's matchmaking mechanism makes 
decentralised peer-to-peer transactions possible. 

 

4.3.5 ZeeTalent 

Each participating user of the community on the Zeepin Platform will have an independent digital 
identity, incorporating second-time authentication on the real name authentication through KYC 
and external identity, in order to ensure completeness of the community information system. 

It provides a low-cost talent recruitment service, a fast and international communication method. 
Project parties can recruit teams worldwide using ZeeCrew. 

 

4.3.6 ZeeFund Crowd-Funding 

Compared with traditional fund-raising models, ZeeFund Crowd-Funding on the Zeepin Platform is 
designed to be more open and effective. After the evaluation of projects by the Foundation (or its 
affiliates or third-party service providers), autonomous project teams may quickly launch project 
crowd-funding for their project on ZeeFund, and project parties can obtain support for the project 
(to be paid in ZPT). 



 

 14  

5. Core Participants 
Zeepin Chain is a blockchain-based creative industry infrastructure. Any individual or organisation 
may join the community on the Zeepin Platform and access the infrastructure, to provide the 
resource service which he/she is good at, publish notices about his/her needs, and be paid in ZPT. 
Participants holding ZPT are entitled to vote for improvements to Zeepin Platform infrastructure as 
well as some of the projects thereon, and receive incentives for maintaining the Zeepin Platform. 
However, in order to avoid legal complications, ZPT holders shall not have legal control over any 
matters relating to the Foundation or any of its assets, or any of its affiliated companies (including 
without limitation the selection of governing board of the Foundation, over corporate matters, final 
development direction, specific projects, or deployment of the Foundation's assets, which shall be 
the final responsibility of the governing board of the Foundation). 

 

Creators 

People engaging in advertising, graphic design, fashion, industry, architecture, and design make 
up the core groups of the cultural and creative industries. They can promote assets digitisation and 
copyright protection and transaction, participate in projects looking for skilled manpower and obtain 
payment (in ZPT) for their services, and launch creative projects in the community, gain ZPT to 
fund the project, and win favor with manufacturers. 

 

Industrial Manufacturers 

After Zeepin Chain revitalizes the traditional manufacturing sector, manufacturers can use their 
excess capacity to form economic entities with creators and channel providers, and then unveil 
competitive products or new consumer goods for crowd funding on Zeepin Platform, thus 
facilitating project implementation. 

 

Entrepreneurial Teams 

Entrepreneurial teams are often distracted from their own projects by complex issues like talent 
recruitment & management, accounting, financing, and sales. Zeepin Chain's infrastructure can 
help them effectively recruit talents and manage teams; and enable them to obtain sharing 
resources and ZPT support through launching project crowd-funding in the community, which will 
get the projects off the ground and cut down the initial cost expenditure. 

 

Project Supporters 

In the Zeepin community, holders of ZPT may support and crowd-fund projects which are 
appealing, in order to speed up their development. 

 



 

 15  

Other Participants 

Zeepin Chain can bring convenience to anyone. For example, in the community, media / authors / 
artists may source for publishers and distributors, set up economic partnerships and raise ZPT for 
publishing projects through worldwide crowd-funding. As an highly inclusive decentralised 
community, Zeepin Chain enables the maximum sharing of excess capacity and surplus value. 

 



 

 16  

6. Why Blockchain? 
6.1 Decentralised Security Assurance and Credible Traceability 

In a traditional centralised network, the launch of effective attacks on a central node, e.g. third-
party payment intermediaries, will damage the entire system; whereas, in a decentralised 
blockchain network, attacks on a single node are unable to control or damage the entire system. 
Differing from the centralised platform, each node on the blockchain must comply with the same 
set of account keeping and transaction trade rules, which are based on an encryption algorithm 
instead of credit standing. At the same time, each transaction needs to get the consensus reached 
by most nodes on the network for final confirmation, thus evading the dark force of a supreme 
administrator behind a centralised platform. It is the technological cause for the blockchain's ability 
of offering timestamp and tamper-proof transaction record. 

 

6.2 Assets Digitisation and Right Confirmation  

Helping global innovators in assets digitisation and rights confirmation is an important mission of 
the Foundation. All digital assets launched by innovators on Zeepin Platform are endorsed by 
innovators' identity and works. Connecting the blockchain with real economy via Zeepin Chain can 
improve the efficiency of economic life and reduce credit cost. 

 

6.3 Decentralised Transaction Platform 

Zeepin Platform helps to handle the digitisation of copyright assets in a low-cost and credible way. 
It also manages copyright assets and authorise circulation and utilisation in an effective and 
convenient manner, so as to benefit the parties on the copyright value chain. 

Building decentralised transaction platforms based on the blockchain technology, and 
understanding the credible and tamper-resistant transaction records and the digital copyrights 
helps to reduce the tedious and repeated processes in copyright transactions. This would ensure 
the trust between participating parties, and support the idea of one-click, automatic, and 
commercialised copyright transactions. 

 

6.4 Realisation of Smart Economy 

Promote assets digitisation based on the blockchain technology and digital identity and carry out 
automatic management on digital assets through the smart contract to form a distributed network 
for “smart economy". Realise the smart economy of the global creative industry by integrating 
digital assets, digital identity, and smart contracts. 

 

6.5 Global Value Transfer 

The Foundation will work with NEO and Onchain team to deploy and operate an independent 
blockchain exclusive to the Zeepin project, based on DNAProject underlying technology, and build 



 

 17  

the bottom blockchain infrastructure and business framework that would be more suitable for 
Zeepin Platform, the community, and future DApps and applications thereon. In this way, the 
blockchain database will be more applicable to develop applications based on the consistency of 
massive data, covering credit investigation, digital copyright, anti-counterfeiting, etc. In addition, 
atomic transactions on the blockchains can support assets digitisation, asset swaps, payment, and 
other functions and realise Zeepin's DAO and dApp applications, so as to fulfill the seamless 
connection and transfer of global values. 

 



 

 18  

7. ZPT Purpose 
7.1 Establishing a Consistent Community Incentive Mechanism 

The cultural and creative industries consist of creators, manufacturers, and consumers, each of 
which supports the development of the whole platform, but there was no method or incentive 
mechanism for all these stakeholders to co-exist harmoniously. In the ecosystem on Zeepin 
Platform, users may choose and participate in every link, such as crowd-funding in projects, and 
purchasing more ZPT for more rights in voting. 

 

7.2 Establishing a Disintermediated Service System 

The traditional cultural and creative industries are complicated, with a great number of intermediary 
agents, each striving to increase their own profits. This model is not transparent – the Zeepin 
Platform is designed to eliminate intermediary agents and distribute value from creative products to 
the key stakeholders in a transparent and efficient manner through the usage of ZPT and smart 
contract-based automatic handling. 

 

7.3 Establishing a Safe and Efficient Crowd-funding Environment 

Based on the data evaluation related on ZeeTalent digital identity authentication, ZeeRights 
copyright assets and right infringement, and ZeeFund third-party project due diligence on Zeepin 
Chain, is planned to be able to develop multi-dimensional data about credible identity, credible 
data authorisation, and credible project evaluation to significantly improve capital efficiency and 
reduce risks of crowd-funding. 

 

 

 

 



 

 19  

8. ZPT Application 
8.1 Community Reward 

8.1.1 Credit Bounty  

In order to reward great ideas, to encourage behavior which is positive for the development of the 
community on the Zeepin Platform, and to drive the stable and healthy development of the Zeepin 
community in the long run, Zeepin Platform will introduce a "Credit Score" to incentivise 
participants for their positive content and behavior (e.g. generating, recommending, reviewing and 
sharing content). These behaviors will be determined through a standard smart procedure to 
create a fair and transparent incentive mechanism, to enable the Zeepin community to have more 
participants, higher quality content and more active participation, and to promote the healthy and 
stable development of both Zeepin Platform and the community thereon. 

 

Zeepin will assign credit scores for every user, and the components which determine a user's 
credit scores would include factors such as: 

(1) Frequency of participation in community activities; 

(2) Quantity of works or copyrights that have a certain "like" record;  

(3) Transaction volume on ZeeRights; 

(4) Users help promote and sell crowd-funding products through the promotion channels for Zeepin 
crowd-funding; 

(5) Innovator or team participate in ZeeCreate creative project and is commended; and 

(6) Other active and positive activities encouraged by the community. 

The Zeepin Platform will include a feature for the exchange between assigned credit scores and 
ZPT, such that credit scores may be exchanged for ZPT at an exchange rate determined by 
Zeepin Platform. These ZPT will come from the pool of additional ZPT issued each year by the 
Foundation. After exchange, credit scores can be accumulated and used for credit rating upgrade. 

 

8.1.2 Third-party evaluation agency and due diligence agency for crowd-funding projects 

Teams intending to launch crowd-funding projects on Zeepin Platform will be rated by Zeepin 
Platform (or its affiliates or third-party evaluation agencies), and the ratings are critical to team 
selection during the pre-sales of crowd-funding projects. These evaluation expenses will be paid 
with ZPT. The teams which pass the evaluation process will be allowed to launch projects on 
Zeepin Platform, which are further evaluated by Zeepin Platform (or its affiliates or third-party 
evaluation agencies). The projects which do not pass the evaluation will not be allowed to launch 
the project. The due diligence expenses will also be paid with ZPT. 

 

 

 



 

 20  

 

8.2 Lock-up and Utilisation 

 

ZPT would be utilised in the following situations: 

 

8.2.1 Credit ratings range from v1-v2-v3. When credit scores meet the requirements of the Zeepin 
Platform, a rating upgrade is allowed, subject to locking of a certain amount of ZPT. 

 

8.2.2 Registration of name of a team or organisation on Zeepin Platform would require payment of 
ZPT. 

 

8.2.3 Storing of copyright source code on ZeeRights would require payment of ZPT. 

 

8.2.4 Promotion of a particular project, organisation, or product to the community on the Zeepin 
Platform would require payment of ZPT. 

 

8.2.5 ZPT would be used as the unit of exchange for valuable services provided in the ecosystem 
on Zeepin Platform, and users may obtain or use innovative tools and resources (e.g. materials, 
services) by paying ZPT. 

 

With the continued development of Zeepin Platform, it is contemplated that there will be more and 
more situations in which ZPT may be used in diversified dApps developed. 

 

8.3 Crowd-funding projects 

Entities which crowd-fund ideas, products, and copyright derivatives on Zeepin Platform will be 
required to conduct a "pre-sale", which is only opened for holders of ZPT and entitling these 
holders of ZPT to additional discount in the crowd-funding. The ZPT raised for crowd-funded 
projects will also be locked up by smart contract, and granted to project teams according to agreed 
project schedule. 



 

 21  

9. Zeepin Platform Road Map for development 

Project Progress Estimated For 

Zeepin Chain Under development March 2018 

ZeeWallet UI design completed and under development April 2018 

ZeeRights Function development completed and under internal testing and upgrading May 2018 

ZeeCreate Core function development completed and under internal testing and upgrading August 2018 

ZeeSure Demo design completed and under preparation October 2018 

ZeeCrew Under planning January 2019 

ZeeFund Under planning April 2019 

ZeeTalent Under planning October 2019 

ZeeProof Under planning December 2019 

 
 

 



 

 22  

10. Main Challenges 
10.1 Developing Blockchain-based Stable and Flexible Applications 

Applying the principle of agile development, Zeepin Platform will adopt a product-driven approach 
to meet users' needs in a faster and better manner. The number of consortium blockchain-based 
applications on Zeepin Platform will gradually increase, and the existing applications will also be 
gradually improved. Infrastructure components and core services will bring about risks if they have 
to face changing demands in an undergoing project. It is very challenging to strike a balance 
between platform stability and change flexibility. The Foundation realises and emphasises the 
significance of platform stability as it serves as the common foundation for many products. 

 

10.2 Content Infringement and Plagiarism 

Copyright protection is a key basic foundation of Zeepin Platform, so the rules to avoid content 
infringement are especially important. Zeepin Platform has strict rules to prohibit content plagiarism 
(whatever the extent). The Foundation has designed the mechanism and procedures for reporting 
and review of content infringement. Users who violate the prescribed rules may be penalised with 
account and IP suspension and not allowed to log in to our system. Depending on the severity of 
the violation, the credit scores and user's remaining ZPT may be locked up or destroyed. 

Meanwhile, the Foundation will work to protect users who have registered copyright on ZeeRights. 
It will actively cooperate with third-party websites to search for information related to the 
infringement of registered copyright on ZeeRights by other people or organisations. The 
Foundation will also encourage users to buy insurance for copyright protection, and assist users in 
safeguarding their legal rights. 

 

10.3 Credit Score Evaluation System for Reward 

To improve participation in projects on Zeepin Platform and incentive users to submit high-quality 
content, Zeepin Platform would be required to incentivise users objectively. However, the nature of 
evaluation of content and copyright would be subject to a degree of subjectivity and personal 
preferences of evaluators. Thus, Zeepin Platform would incorporate machine learning algorithm 
which considers the applicant's credit scores, and calculates incentives based on objective 
indicators such as credit scores and quantity. In addition, the participation reward for design project 
is related to the total project amount. When participating in the promotion of crowd-funding 
projects, users will get a promotion QR code, and the credit scores obtained from efforts in 
promotion (by scanning the QR code) will be automatically included into that promoter's credit 
scores. 

 

10.4 Evaluation Method and Data Authenticity for Crowd-funding Project 

The accuracy of information disclosure for crowd-funding projects is critical to the correct judgment 
and risk analysis of crowd-funding projects. Zeepin Platform will strive to improve the data 



 

 23  

authenticity and transparency of project teams and information, including the team scores and due 
diligence conducted under the cooperation with third parties. The historical records of teams will be 
recorded on ZeeCrew and cannot be changed. In addition, Zeepin will codify the crowd-funding 
rules into smart contract, and record codes and project status on the blockchain. In order to 
improve credibility of ZeeFund applications, funds and fund transfer would be directly controlled by 
smart contracts. Where copyright protection is required, project design will be recorded on 
ZeeSure for protection. It is contemplated that product sales data would be traceable via in-built 
chips and blockchains. Zeepin Platform will track the project during the whole cycle via 
blockchains. 

 

10.5 Copyright Protection and Crowd-funding Platform to Integrate Traditional Ideas 

Currently, there is no global multi-functional platform which covers the whole industrial chain from 
idea production, connection, protection, and crowd-funding of creative projects. The Foundation 
intends to be deeply engaged in the vertical fields of the creative industry, and develop and expand 
the new global creative market with the blockchain technology, so as to avoid direct competition 
with traditional single-function platforms. 

 

 



 

 24  

11. ZPT Sale Plan 
The total amount of Zeepin Tokens (ZPT) will be 1 billion. Details of the sale of ZPT will be 
published on the official website closer to the sale date. The sale will last for 12 days from January 
18, 2018 to January 29, 2018 based on NEO Blockchain and the NEO smart contract, 
NeoContract. The hard-capped for the sale of ZPT is 700,000 NEO. The number of ZPT to be sold 
at the sale would be 500 million (50% of the total number). 

 

Official website: https://www.zeepin.io 

Currency accepted: NEO / BTC / ETH 

 

The token sale will last for 12 days. The earlier you participate, the more bonus ZPT received. The 
specific time periods and bonus percentages are as follows: 

From Day 1 to Day 2 Pre-sale 30% bonus 

From Day 3 to Day 4 

Crowdsale 

20% bonus 

From Day 5 to Day 6 15% bonus 

From Day 7 to Day 8 10% bonus 

From Day 9 to Day 10 5% bonus 

From Day 11 to Day 12 0% bonus 

 
 
Allocation of ZPT 

 

50% will be sold publicly through the token sale. 

The sale proceeds will be applied towards upgrades, operations and marketing of Zeepin Platform, 
the operation and management of the Foundation, financial and legal consulting fees, cost incurred 
in the token sale, bonuses, etc. 

 

20% will be used as provision for community development. 

Gradually allocated to new contributors and users in order to help to promote the development of 
the ecosystem and community on the Zeepin Platform. 

 

20% will be held by the founding members of the team and early supporters. 



 

 25  

This portion of ZPT will be used to provide incentives for the Zeepin team in the long run. The lock-
up period is 2 years. 50% of these ZPT will be unlocked 1 year after the token sale, and the 
remaining 50% will be unlocked 2 years after the token sale. 

 

10% will be used as the R&D fund. 

This will be reserved for incentives to partners, academic research, and third-party platforms. 

 

In order to reward community contributors with a Consistent Community Incentive Mechanism and 
drive the long-term, stable and healthy development of the community, the Foundation will issue an 
additional 10% of ZPT from the second year for the producers of quality content. The inflation rate 
will go down year after year. 

 

Project budget 

The funds raised through the token sale will be applied towards the objects of the Foundation, the 
development of Zeepin Platform and activities promoting the development of the Zeepin 
Community. 

The amount of the funds raised through the token sale will affect or determine the allocation 
percentages of the funds. The following is a allocation scenario where the amount of the funds 
raised is above the minimum amount needed and is relatively ideal: 

 



 

 26  

 

 

This includes the development and integration of the Zeepin Community's 
applications. At the same time, new features will be added to Zeepin Platform, and 
iterative improvements and upgrades of user experience will be carried out. Another 
very important part is to increase the security of the Zeepin Community on an ongoing 
basis. 

50% for the development and improvement of the core features 

In order to ensure the smooth development and operation of Zeepin Platform and applications 
thereon, the Foundation will hire an operation team matching the development of the 
community. 

20% for project operation 

As there are an existing 1.20 million mature users and professional media platforms, the 
Foundation will require less funds to achieve a better marketing result. This budget will be used 
to promote the Zeepin Community as a whole and its applications. The Foundation will also use 
word-of-mouth (WOM) marketing to reach a wider range of users faster. 

15% for marketing 

In order to ensure the long-term and effective operation of the Zeepin Chain Management Committee. 
The money will be mainly used to pay the Board of Directors, and to cover the cost of conducting token 
sale, the bonuses, the audit fees, as well as the legal fees, compliance-related expenses, etc. 

15% for the Zeepin Chain Board of Directors 



 

 27  

12. Board of Directors 
The Foundation's Board of Directors, which comprises early supporters, founders, and 
partners, is responsible for the Foundation's decision making and supervision of the 
development of Zeepin Platform and Zeepin Chain. Through voting on project 
development and operation, the committee develops the strategic planning on the long-
term development of the project, reviews the annual operation plans, and makes important 
decisions.  

 

The Foundation's Board of Directors is also responsible for managing technology 
development of Zeepin Platform, project implementation and operation, and market 
promotion, so as to drive the secure and fair development of the ecosystem on the Zeepin 
Platform. The Board of Directors will be committed to ensuring the transparency of 
governance and the security of funds, as well as protecting the interests of relevant 
stakeholders by designing a sound governance structure. 

 



 

 28  

13. Zeepin Team 
 

 
 
Zhu Fei 
Founder & Chief Executive Officer 

 
Former CEO of Arting365, with 15 years of experience in the creative industry; 
Director of Shanghai Top Young Creative Talents Association; 
Director of Shanghai-Jiangnan Intelligent Manufacturing Park Creative Industry Promotion Center; 
Director of Shanghai Industrial Design Association; 
Awarded as "20 Top Young Creative Talents in Shanghai in 2011"; 
 
Founded many Internet companies involving creative e-commerce, creative media, and design education, 
and has successfully created and operated a creative community with over 1.2 million designer users; 
Led his team to successfully serve more than 200 large and medium-sized creative projects; Has paid 
continuous attention to the development of the creative industry, and made his own contributions to turning 
creativity into values. 
 
 
 

 
 
Shenbi Xu 
Co-Founder & Chief Strategy Officer 

 
Former Chief Strategy Officer of Arting365 
Devoted to the application research in the creative sector, and is the main designer of ZeeRights business 
procedure; 
Has 18 years of work experience in multinationals, and previously served as Asia-Pacific Head of GE 
Innovation Center, mainly responsible for providing product solutions for designers across the globe;  
Once provided service for Apple, Microsoft, Huawei, Xiaomi, and Samsung; 
Led and participated in multiple large-scale IT and business process improvement projects in Asia Pacific 
and the whole world;  
Skilled in strategic planning, customer service, project management, etc. 



 

 29  

 
 
Glove Gu 
Co-Founder & Chief Operating Officer 
 
Graduated from the China Academy of Art and majored in digital media; 
Has over 10 years of corporate operation and management experience;  
Operated over 50 events for international brands including Coca-Cola, Adobe, Haier, CHOW TAI FOOK, 
Capital Airlines, Lenovo, HP, and EPSON; 
 
Successfully operated various kinds of creativity incubation courses and workshops, with over 1,000 
participants; 
Has accumulated rich practical experience in project management, community operations, and marketing 
planning. 
 
 

 
 
Jason Xu 
Senior Developer 
 
Served multiple well-known enterprises, and has over 10 years of technology development and operation 
experience; 
Familiar with the deployment and optimisation of distributed applications, and carried out certain research on 
data structure, asymmetric encryption, security protocol, and encryption algorithm; 
Has rich experience in the development of blockchain-based upper applications and bottom application 
interfaces;  
Responsible for realising the smart contract and relevant logic according to different business applications in 
the Zeepin ecosystem, including the development of Zeepin Chain application interfaces, architecture 
design, deployment, and automatic operation and maintenance; Responsible for the architecture design, 
upgrading, and optimisation of overall project planning and technology decision proposals. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 30  

 
 
Zhang Ying 
Chief Brand & Fashion Officer 
 
Well-known fashion promotion and brand management operator; senior fashion expert. 
Studied at the London College of Fashion of the University of the Arts London, and Istituto Marangoni, and 
obtained dual masters degree of MA Fashion Design and MA Fashion Promotion; 
Led brand planning and market expansion for multiple well-known luxury brands; Accumulated rich 
experience in the fashion field, involving photography, fashion illustration, graphic design, brand image, 
fashion trend, styling, public relations, fashion movie, fashion show planning, performance installation 
design, and application of emerging e-platform; Participated in the strategic transformation of well-known 
domestic brands; 
Launched XCOMMONS, a platform dedicated to the optimisation of Chinese fashion business ecosystem, 
during the 2017 Shanghai Fashion Week. 
 
 

 
 
Shadow Tang 
Chief Public Relation Officer 
 
Has 10 years of work experience in brand consulting; trans-boundary creator. 
Always active in the frontline of illustration, advertising, and Internet startup sectors;  
Previously worked for EnergySource, TBWA, Sina and other well-known enterprises; 
Serves customers including the Germany-based Volkswagen, Benz, Coca-Cola, Fotile, and 
McDonald; 
Won Effie Award, Gold Award of China Advertising Festival, etc. 
Worked with well-known fashion brand TOY2R to launch Global Limited Edition toys, which were 
collected by many trendsetters; 
Established the creativity collaboration platform Julizi; 
Joined Zeepin team to better promote the global innovation force. 
 
 
 



 

 31  

 
 
Leo Cai 
Head of Investor Relations 
 
Has years of venture capital experience; dedicated to blockchain and artificial intelligence sectors. 
Studied at the School of Informatics of the University of Edinburgh, and obtained a bachelor 
degree in Computer Science and a master degree of Artificial Intelligence;  
Participated in the development of many AI projects in Britain; 
Conducted in-depth research on a large number of blockchain projects across the globe; 
Has a profound understanding of blockchain technology and applications;  
Responsible for the investment in multiple domestic blockchain application projects; 
One of the early investors of Zeepin. 
 

 
 
Ecology  partner 
 

 
 
 
 
Underlying technology partner 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 32  

14. Risk Factors 
Buyers of ZPT through the token sale should carefully read through this Whitepaper, the Token 
Purchase Agreement, and all relevant information at the official website to have a comprehensive 
understanding of the potential risks associated with participating in the token sale of ZPT and make 
a well-thought-out decision whether to purchase ZPT. Buyers should be fully aware that the 
Foundation (or its affiliates) will not provide any refund of purchase of ZPT under any 
circumstance. 

The Foundation will apply the proceeds of the digital assets raised through the token sale of ZPT to 
manage the project to develop Zeepin Platform and Zeepin Chain, and use reasonable efforts to 
ensure that the project proceeds in the general direction as that discussed in the Whitepaper. 
However, buyers may still face various risks of incurring losses (as more particularly described in 
the Token Purchase Agreement). The risks include compliance/operation risk, risk on the token 
market, risk in digital wallet management, technical risk, systematic risk, risk of vulnerabilities or 
hacking, risk associated with the development of cryptography, and other risks not listed here. 

 

Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions 

The regulatory status of ZPT and distributed ledger technology is unclear or unsettled in many 
jurisdictions. It is impossible to predict how, when or whether regulatory agencies may apply 
existing regulations or create new regulations with respect to such technology and its applications, 
including ZPT and/or Zeepin Platform. Regulatory actions could negatively impact ZPT and/or 
Zeepin Platform in various ways. The Foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations in a 
jurisdiction in the event that regulatory actions, or changes to law or regulation, make it illegal to 
operate in such jurisdiction, or commercially undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory 
approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction. 

After consulting with a wide range of legal advisors and continuous analysis of the development 
and legal structure of virtual currencies, the Foundation will apply a cautious approach towards the 
sale of ZPT. Therefore, for the crowdsale, the Foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy 
in order to avoid relevant legal risks as much as possible. For the crowdsale, the Foundation is 
working with Tzedek Law LLC, a boutique corporate law firm in Singapore active in the blockchain 
space. 

 

Risks associated with markets for ZPT 

ZPT are designed to be used solely on Zeepin Platform, hence there may be illiquidity risk with 
respect to ZPT. The value of ZPT may be extreme volatile and diminish to zero because ZPT is not 
accepted by the market, the market as a whole is weak, there are not enough users using them, 
development of Zeepin Platform is stagnant, or there are rumors or other uncontrollable factors. 

 



 

 33  

Risk in digital wallet management 

Buyers may receive ZPT only after installing the Zeepin Wallet and obtaining the digital wallet 
address. Individual users are responsible for protecting their private key (i.e. the password for their 
wallet), which is used to sign transactions proving their ownership of the assets involved. The 
users should be fully aware that, because of the decentralised transaction style of the blockchain, if 
their private key or password is lost or stolen, the tokens on their account (the wallet address or the 
public key) will be lost forever and cannot be recovered. The best way to avoid the risk or the 
safest way to put their private key is to securely save their private key in one or several places. For 
this reason, do not store it on a public computer. You can also write it down and physically keep it. 

 

Technical risk 

Technical risk refers to major issues with the underlying technologies, and as a result, Zeepin 
Platform cannot perform its expected functions and critical data is falsified or lost. 

 

Systemic risk 

Systemic risk refers to the risk caused by the large-scale faults of the global network infrastructure 
such as force majeures like wars and natural disasters that may cause the partial or total 
interruption of the global Internet. 

 

Risk of vulnerabilities or hacking 

The risk of vulnerabilities or hacking refers to the possibility that hackers or other organisations 
may find the possible vulnerabilities using any method and try to attack Zeepin Platforms (or 
DApps and applications thereon) or ZPT, including but not limited to denial-of-service attacks (DoS 
attacks), Sybil attacks, malware attacks or consistency attacks. 

 

Risk associated with the development of cryptography 

Cryptography is developing and cannot absolutely ensure security. The development of 
cryptography such as the progress in code breaking technologies or the development of quantum 
computers can pose risks to all encryption-based systems, including Zeepin Chain. This may lead 
to ZPT held by everyone being stolen, lost, missing, damaged or depreciated. 

 

Failure to develop  

There is the risk that the development of Zeepin Platform and Zeepin Chain will not be executed or 
implemented as planned, for a variety of reasons, including without limitation the event of a decline 
in the prices of any digital asset, virtual currency or ZPT, unforeseen technical difficulties, and 
shortage of development funds for activities. 



 

 34  

 

Other risks 

In addition to the aforementioned risks, there are other risks associated with your purchase, 
holding and use of ZPT, including those that the Foundation cannot anticipate. Such risks may 
further materialise as unanticipated variations or combinations of the aforementioned risks. You 
should conduct full due diligence on the Foundation (and its affiliates), the Zeepin team, 
understand the overall framework and vision for Zeepin Platform and Zeepin Chain prior to 
purchasing ZPT. 

 

 

Follow us : 

Website: https://www.zeepin.io/ 

Telegram: https://t.me/zeepin 

Twitter: https://twitter.com/ZeepinChain 

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/zeepinChain 

Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/zeepin/ 

 


