






















 

 

 

 

 

 

ADAMANT 
THE FUTURE OF MESSAGING 

 

WHITEPAPER 

v. 1.5.2 ENG 

 



 

Summary 4 

ADAMANT Conception 5 

Data Protection and Anonymity 5 

Legal aspect of guarantee for correspondence privacy 7 

ADAMANT message storing 7 

The Token transfer system 8 

Interest for long-term token holders 8 

ADAMANT Business 8 

Alternative solutions review and their comparison 10 

The technical solution 11 

The System’s architecture 11 

ADAMANT token specification 12 

An independent Blockchain 13 

ADAMANT Transactions 13 

Infrastructure maintaining and ADM token forging (mining) 14 

Security and Reliability 15 

Amounts of storing data 16 

Project’s current state 17 

ADAMANT Messenger 17 

Blockchain Explorer 20 

ADAMANT full-node package 20 

Economical aspect 21 

Token value rationalization 21 

Token emission 21 

Fundraising for the future project development 
(ICO campaign) 22 

Project budget planning 23 

«ADAMANT Grows» 24 

Listing ADM tokens on cryptocurrency exchange markets 24 

Adaptation and promotion 25 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 2 of 32 

 



 

Initial accruals for users’ wallets 25 

Bounty Campaign 26 

Project Roadmap (2017-2018) 27 

ADAMANT Tech Labs 28 

ADAMANT Web Presence 32 

 

 

   

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 3 of 32 

 



 

Summary 
A Blockchain-based system for data and message transfers along with an integrated 
payment system are providing a truly fundamental benefits for all-personal and 
business-like communications. 

ADAMANT for individuals — is a Blockchain messenger available from any device. An 
unsurpassed anonymity and data protection, usability and integrated payment system. 

In order to maintain the whole ADAMANT network infrastructure an ADM Utility-token is 
forged. It is used as an internal accounting unit. 

ADAMANT Messenger is already available for use at: ​https://msg.adamant.im  

ADAMANT Business — is a corporate system for data and message transfers with an 
ability to digitally-sign documents and an integrated payment system that allows a 
company to reduce its internal transactional costs. 
 
ADAMANT Business is a way for companies to implement an internal Blockchain solution 
for a consistent and reliable network information exchange along with a smart and 
flexible mutual settlements system for a corporate cost reduction purposes. 

   

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 4 of 32 

 

https://msg.adamant.im/


 

ADAMANT Conception 

Data Protection and Anonymity  
Nowadays, data transfer protection is becoming the number one priority for the most 
users of personal electronic devices, as well as the corporate ones. Every day more and 
more events in the world are proving that fact and in meanwhile, large companies like 
BlackBerry, IBM, Google, Apple, Samsung, Facebook are offering their own solutions for 
data protection purposes.  

All modern encryption methods are using such strong algorithms, that the hundreds of 
years of work with the use of supercomputers is necessary in order to completely decrypt 
even a small amounts of data. They are also secured from such cyber attacks as a 
message interception, by using the concept of “public and private keys”, making the 
security of data exchange even more robust than ever. 

To this day, there is probably no modern messenger that wouldn’t use the encryption. 
However not everyone trusts them as there is a good reason for it. And it’s not about these 
messengers could use an “unsafe” encryption methods, but it is mostly about their covert 
proprietary source code and their potential ability to intentionally give out your 
information to the third parties. 

Another big issue lays in field of User’s Private information access. Almost all messengers 
do require direct access to the device’s address book, and then passes it on (all together 
with other sensitive private data) to their own servers. Simply justifying such questionable 
behaviour commonly with the increase of the ease of use, this approach creates a great 
threat of leakage and an unwanted data usage on all stages of interconnection. 

Consider to this a most messengers’ necessity of user identification by a personal phone 
number, an email address, a linking the messenger’s account with accounts on social 
media and tracking the user’s browser activity, Corporations receive a complete 
information about people — including their private photographs, outcoming messages, 
location details, relationships to other people, users’ preferences and other kinds of 
Personal Data. 

Despite the obviousness that such data collection violates the human rights for their 
privacy, it is legally “concealed” from users by “forcing” them to accept the “User 
Agreement” and “Terms And Conditions” agreements to make it through to registration. 
And most users don’t ever read these agreements. These companies which collect the 
data often use it “by their own discretion” and the biggest threat lays in the fact that all 
this information can be easily received by the third parties. 

Moreover — all of these centralized message transfer services do govern their user 
accounts and have a full ability and rights to make certain restrictions and even block your 
account by their own will. As an example — there have been multiple cases of blocking 
Telegram users’ accounts, allegedly as a response to third party’s complaints. 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 5 of 32 

 



 

A user IP-address disclosure (when connecting to the central servers, or Peer-to-peer) is 
yet another problem that most contemporary messenger users encounter. However there 
is an efficient workaround to this issue by using the Tor-network or such progressive 
Blockchain infrastructures like ADAMANT network. 

The ADAMANT project is made to respond to this serious question of trust in private data 
transfer security, since it is based on a proven to be robust Blockchain conception, and as 
its program code is open and public. Everyone interested can make an independent audit 
for the code and even build a fully functional system by himself. 

An another very remarkable advantage of Blockchain technology is anonymity. This means 
that unlike all other centralized message transfer systems it is almost impossible to 
associate a message history to a specific persons — due to the absence of credentials 
being used by the system. Users don’t need to enter their cell phone numbers, any email or 
social accounts, payment details, etc. 

ADAMANT has the following distinctive security and anonymity features: 

● All messages are directly stored in the blockchain; 

● There is no access to the user’s address book; 

● There is no access to the user’s location information; 

● No user identifications — a complete anonymity of use; 

● All messages are fully encrypted on the sender’s device and then decrypted on the 

recipient side. No One (including the developers) has access to your messages — 

check the message transfer scheme;  

● The client app does never transfer a user’s Private Key or mnemonic phrase 

(your password) over the network. All work is done locally on the user’s device; 

● Therefore no user Private Data is being transferred; 

● The message history is never stored on a device and is directly loaded from the 

blockchain; 

● Unlike with P2P-messengers it is impossible to obtain the user’s IP-address; 

● The program code for ADAMANT Messenger and blockchain are openly sourced; 

● ADAMANT accounts can not be closed, blocked or limited by anyone, including the 

developers.  

 
 

   

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 6 of 32 

 



 

Legal aspect of guarantee for correspondence privacy 
The jurisdiction of most countries warrants inviolability for private life and 
correspondence privacy on a constitution-level basis. 

For example — excerpt from clause 23 of Russian Federation constitution: 

1. Everyone has his rights for inviolability of private life, personal and family secrets 
and to protect his honor and reputation. 

2. Everyone has his right for correspondence privacy — including telephone 
conversations, mail, telegraph and other kinds of messaging. The restriction for 
this right is allowed only on a court-decided basis. 

Another one — from clause 15 of the Italian Constitution: 

“The freedom and secrecy of correspondence and of every other form of communication is 
inviolable. Restriction thereto may be imposed only by warrant which gives the reasons 
issued by a judicial authority with the guarantees established by law.” 

However the governments are often trying to violate these principles, so the citizens have 
to find new ways to protect their rights. 

ADAMANT is made to protect your Privacy. 

ADAMANT message storing 
All ADAMANT messages are stored decentralised in its blockchain. 

This fact ensures: 

● Redundant and reliable storage for message history; 

● An inability for backdated message change; 

● Certified authenticity for message sender and its recipient, MITM-attack protection 

(this kind of attack will be detected, cause the sender identificator will be 

changed); 

● Access to user’s message history from any device — like with a centralised storage; 

● Reliable and Blockchain-powered message delivery; 

● Security provided by the following encryption schemes: Ed25519 EdDSA, 

Curve25519, Salsa20, и Poly1305. 

Despite the fact that everyone has the access to all the encrypted messages, the 
decryption of particular messages is possible only by the sender and recipient, as is 
guaranteed by the modern encryption methods. Blockchain and based on it Bitcoin 
technologies have proved the reliability of such approach — although the balances of all 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 7 of 32 

 



 

wallets are publicly stored there were no actual incidents of violate access to them by 
“breaking” the cypher keys. 

The Token transfer system 
Everyday in the modern world we all face a pressing need for convenient and reliable 
transfer systems, especially on kind of territories where hyperinflated currencies are used 
and (or) traditional payment methods are limited for a various number of reasons. 

Bitcoin and Blockchain technologies have already shown their ability to solve these issues. 
Nowadays there is a constantly growing amount of cryptocurrencies being publicly 
available. But all of them bring on their own pros and cons to the table. 

ADAMANT system includes its’ very own accounting unit — an ADM token, which: 

● Is used as a commission for messaging, direct transfers and other additional 

system functions in order to maintain the whole network infrastructure; 

● Operates with a truly great transaction speed (with a 5-second block time); 

● Is convenient and easy-to-use for direct token transfers right from the chat screen; 

● Is fully-independent from all other services and blockchains (ADAMANT is built as 

a self-sufficient system). 

ADM is an Utility-token within the ADAMANT infrastructure. It is used to maintain the 

internal transaction system and whole network operability. 

Interest for long-term token holders 
All ADM tokens unsold in the fundraising campaigns will be proportionally distributed 
between all existing owners (holders). By this measure we’re going to stimulate most 
holders to accumulate tokens (for the first year or two) and make a counterweight for the 
possible speculation moods when we first-hit the markets. 

The detailed plan for the ongoing distribution process is listed in the “Economical aspect” 
section of this original document — check the “ADAMANT Grows” part. 

ADAMANT Business 
In addition to ordinary features like message and file transfers, ADAMANT will include the 
ability to digitally sign a transferred document for users to make their treaties confirmed.  

ADAMANT also possesses an integrated transfer system, which provides an ability to 
transfer tokens along with any relevant treaty documents (if needed) or files, directly 
within the chat screen. This way you can “power up” any kind of your agreements with an 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 8 of 32 

 



 

instant payment coming along with them. And since all the data is permanently stored in 
the blockchain, it could not be changed by any side hereafter. 

In a number of cases a company will be interested in not using the general ADAMANT 
blockchain, but a similar one that operates only within the company structure and along 
with its partners. This feature will also be provided by ADAMANT Business solution.  

For geographically distributed companies the blockchain allows to significantly reduce the 
commission costs of all internal transactions. It is especially important when a significant 
amount of money is being transferred between a limited number of company units several 
times a year and there is no actual need to convert these amounts directly to fiat money.  

In this case, most of accounting runs within the company (with the use of tokens) and its 
assets are being converted to fiats only when necessary.  

Another possible blockchain application for organizations would be a linking tokens to 
workers’ labour compensation or other criterias like labour intensity, bonuses and work 
experience. 

ADAMANT platform will become an easy and efficient business tool.  

 

 

   

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 9 of 32 

 



 

Alternative solutions review and their comparison  
Messengers are the most popular and convenient way of communication in the modern 
world. The number of available messengers is counted by hundreds and the amount of 
people who use at least one messenger is close to 100% of all smartphone and PC owners. 
However, the percentage of security-oriented and anonymous messengers which are 
independent from a centralized server (or a group of) is distinctively low.  

Since ADAMANT’s main features are security and anonymity, there are only proper 
alternatives considered within our comparison (this is why we don’t review such 
messengers like Kik Messenger, Skype, Google Hangout etc).  

With respect to the fact that security, anonymity and usability are often contradict each 
other, we do value the messenger’s accordance to security and anonymity criterias as an 
advantage in our comparison. For example — if the messenger is making a notification 
about message “Read” status — this kind of behavior is a loss of anonymity for “pleasing 
the usability”. 

We had also excluded from our comparison all messengers which does not have a 
functional prototype: like Echo, Status, Crypviser; and all messengers that are available 
only for the desktop environments (and do not operate on smartphones): like RetroShare, 
Tox, Bitmessage, Ricochet.  

 

You can locate the comparison table at the following link: 
https://adamant.im/docs/en-adamant-messenger-comparison-table-plain.png 

Thus ADAMANT is made to solve the confidentiality and security issues. 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 10 of 32 

 



 

The technical solution 

The System’s architecture 
ADAMANT is a fully decentralized system that is based on Delegated Proof-of-Stake 
Consensus (DPoS) algorithm. This choice was made in order to meet the following criteria:  

● DPoS allows for any transaction to be reliably confirmed within the 5 second 

interval. This time is critical for fast messaging and payment execution;  

● DPoS dramatically lowers the system maintenance cost — there is no need for vast 

computing powers and therefore — barbaric electricity waste, comparing to POW;  

● Fixed transaction fees; 

● Dignified system scalability and reliability factors. 

ADAMANT system consists of two types of nodes: 

1. Full nodes that contain the entire blockchain database and which can participate in 
new blocks forging; 

2. And light-clients which run full data encryption on their side before further 
transferring to the blockchain. 

However all blockchain operations are carried out by the full nodes, with which 
light-clients interconnect through the HTTPS protocol (End-to-End encryption), using a 
certain API to transfer all their data in JSON format. 

A full node is using the following basis: 

● OS Linux Server (Ubuntu). Installation on other platforms is also possible through 

the Docker application packages; 

● Node.JS Application Server; 

● PostgreSQL Server for storing the blockchain. 

Light clients do make use of the following technologies: 

● Progressive Web App (PWA) — web application for the modern browsers; 

● HTML5, JS, CSS, Vue — program languages and frameworks for web; 

● A full node utilization through the special API protocol. 

All of the network nodes do use Peer-to-Peer scheme over the HTTPS protocol for their 
interconnection.  

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 11 of 32 

 



 

ADAMANT token specification 

● Token name: ADAMANT (ADM) 

● DPoS algorithm (Delegated Proof of Stake) 

● Maximum tokens amount: 200 000 000 ADM 

● Genesis-block: 98 000 000 ADM 

● Block time: 5 seconds (17 280 blocks per day, about 6 307 200 blocks per year) 

● Block size: variative (not limited) 

● Reward per block: 

○ First year: 0.5 ADM per block 

○ Another years: decreasing by 0.01 ADM every year till fit 0.1 ADM 

○ Rewards start from: block number 2,000,000 

● Reward per transaction (transactions cost): 

○ Direct token transfers: 0.5 ADM 

○ Message transfers: 0.001 ADM for every 256 symbols in UTF-8. 

Message transfer commision could be dynamically adapted to stay 

adequate, corresponding to the growing market price of the ADM token; 

○ User Profile information update: 0.05 ADM 

○ Avatar upload: 0.1 ADM 

○ Image transfer (without storing in blockchain): 0.05 ADM for every 100 KB 

○ Document transfer (with storing in blockchain): 10 ADM for every 1 KB 

○ Digitally sign a document: 100 ADM 

○ Delegate registration: 3000 ADM 

○ Voting for delegate: 50 ADM 

● Initial token accrual for the newly created wallets: 

○ 0.49 ADM till block 6 300 000 (est. for the first year) — 490 free messages 

○ For each next 125 000 of blocks the initial token accrual is decreasing by 

0.01 ADM till it reaches the minimum of 0.01 ADM (est. for another year); 

● Program code: Open Source (GNU GPLv3) 

● Default system ports: 36666 for the MainNet and 36667 for the TestNet. 

   

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 12 of 32 

 



 

An independent Blockchain  

Unfortunately all modern use cases of the Ethereum blockchain are not quite suitable for 
maintaining the ADAMANT network. This is determined by a relatively high value of “gas” 
(transactions’ fee), that is used for every Ethereum transaction, including all message 
transfers. This is why ADAMANT is built on an independent blockchain — hence the 
transactions’ costs could be low enough to operate the whole network and they could also 
be adjusted based on the future rising token price. 

Moreover, Proof of Work technology in not suitable either, because its maintenance cost is 
high, and with the grow of participants amount the transactions fee is rising up quickly.  

Considering these reasons a program code of the Lisk project is being used for realization 
of the server part and the blockchain itself. This source code was extended in order to 
obtain the required functional. 

The ADAMANT architecture is flexible enough for allowing us to make changes to 
transactions’ fee, if needed.  

ADAMANT Transactions 

Each block includes a variable amount of transactions. In order for it to be approved an 
amount of 6 to 10 block confirmations are needed. It is, however, only important for token 
transactions and document transfers. All messages are being sent after one confirmation. 
Here goes a list of our network’s transaction types: 

1. Direct token transfer 

2. Message transfer 

3. Profile updates: like saving a contact or user settings directly in the blockchain 

4. Profile picture Upload 

5. Creating a Group Chat 

6. Closing a particular chat (chat history hiding) 

7. Document transfer (saved in the blockchain) 

8. Signing a document 

9. Delegate registration  

10. Voting for delegate. 

All transactions do require commission payment (a fee) for their execution. All such 
payments are being shared between active delegates as network maintenance cost. 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 13 of 32 

 



 

Infrastructure maintaining and ADM token forging (mining) 
ADAMANT infrastructure is handled by a system of distributed servers that are running 
full nodes (blockchain). All servers’ support expenses are covered by ADM tokens forging: 

1. Transaction fees 

2. Rewards for blocks forging. 

To participate in forging process, a node should be registered as a network delegate and 
afterwards receive enough votes from ADAMANT users. Delegate registration fee is 3000 
ADM. An ADAMANT user voting for another delegate is required to pay 50 ADM.  

DPoS scheme functioning algorithm is based on a voting process that proceed in real-time 
mode (with the use of the reputation level of the network members) which is aimed to 
create a list of trusted nodes (delegates). After being elected, delegates have the 
legitimate right to create and verify blocks for adding them to the blockchain and also 
prevent invasion into the process. These nodes forge (create) blocks one after another in 
an order that randomly changes after each round. 

Delegates do forge (obtain or earn) themselves ADM tokens when creating new blocks. 

The amount of tokens being produced this way is constantly increasing. With the system 
inception it was to be 0.5 ADM per 1 block, but each 6 307 200 blocks (approximately a 
year in real time) this number decreases by 0.05 ADM till fit 0.1 ADM. This forging reward 
increase is going to motivate all delegates to manage the increasing network loads. 

Regarding the calculations, the delegates will gain these rewards approximately for 140 
years, after which the infrastructure will be fully supported by transaction commissions 
only.  

The number of active delegates participating in blocks forging is 101. In case when their 
number is lower than that, these 101 votes will be allocated among the existing members 
which operate as a full node. The minimum amount of such nodes is 3. The whole system 
becomes more stable and reliable with the amount of nodes increasing. 

To create (or forge) new blocks using DPoS, an election do take place in which 101 delegate 
members are chosen from the delegate pool in order to make all ongoing 101 blocks.  

The voting is executed by nods (all wallet owners) automatically, based on the trust in 
particular delegates and their online uptime. After all delegates are being chosen, they are 
given an order in which new blocks should be formed. Creating a que of 101 blocks 
approximately takes 8 minutes.  

Important to note however, that the payment for block forging starts only after the 
sequence of 2,000,000 first blocks is being created. This measure guarantees that the 
initial network participants won’t get their tokens with the minimum amount of effort. 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 14 of 32 

 



 

And this fact will ensure the constant interest among all new users and the equality of 
rights among all users on the blockchain. 

The new block Information is sent out with a 5 seconds interval. Each pack of new blocks is 
sent once from a source node and twice from each addressee for a fast distribution within 
the whole network.  

All transactions which were not placed within a new forged block do stack in the 
transaction queue. This queue might contain up to 5000 transactions with a transaction 
lifetime of 1080 blocks. 

If during this period the particular transaction haven’t been added to a block then it is 
considered to be unconfirmed (or) unauthorized and therefore is not accepted to the 
blockchain and being deleted from the waitlist (the wallet states remain unchanged).  

To determine the consistency and relevance of the current blockchain’s state we use 
broadhash. It’s a checksum that is system-calculated upon the 5 latest transactions within 
the blockchain. It is used to quickly reaffirm that all full nodes handles the identical state 
of the blockchain database for the particular moment. 

The payback of all transaction fees is equally distributed between the delegates which 
take their part in block formation process and is made in the end of each 101st block round.  

Security and Reliability 

ADAMANT is a reliable system based on a blockchain and implemented through the 
following concepts: 

● Distribution. Blockchain represents an immutable distributed database that allows 

to store data and does not allow to make any modifications within it. This way it 

could be used for an open, secure and reliable data storage; 

● The DPoS technology is allowing the creators to control their blockchain with much 

more extent if compared to PoW scheme. In case of PoW there is a way to take 

control over the network by interconnecting it with a much more powerful 

processing unit; 

● Broadhash consensus algorithm ensures that the whole network is tolerable to 

temporary desynchronization with any of its part by choosing the most long fork 

available; 

● A BIP39 mnemocode is being generated within a wallet creation process. It is used 

to locally generate a user’s Private Key. Then this private key is used to generate a 

Public Key that clearly defines the wallet address. A user can start to utilize the 

system right after this process completion. The whole amount of possible wallet 

addresses is close to infinity; 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 15 of 32 

 



 

● All outgoing transactions are being signed with the use of a private key and robust 

cryptosigning algorithm — Ed25519 EdDSA; 

● All messages are strictly encrypted on a source device (using Curve25519, Salsa20, 

и Poly1305 ) and then decrypted only on recipient device; 1

● The client application do never transfer the passphrase or a private key over the 

network. All crypto functions take their place strictly on the user’s device; 

● There is no actual way for a user to reveal his interlocutor’s IP-address (unlike with 

the most common P2P messengers). 

Amounts of storing data 
For present time it is rather hard to estimate the amounts of data that will be stored 
within the ADAMANT nodes. But some assumptions can be made. 

Estimated daily amount of messages — around 10,000 messages every day for the first 
year with an increase to 100,000 for a next few years. 

Assuming that one message contains on an average of 100 symbols, the amount of data 
needed to safely store this message in the blockchain is calculated as 100 symbols * 2 
bytes * encryption increase coefficient of 1.5 — making its total size roughly equal to 300 
bytes. 

In this way the amount of space needed to stored these messages for the first year can be 
calculated as 10,000 messages * 365 days * 300 = 1 GB, with a possible increase by 10 GB 
per year. The ADAMANT blockchain has a potential for growing up to 50 GB or more in next 
10 years. 

The total amount of fees received by delegates for such number of messages sent starts 
from 10,000 * 365 * 0.001 ADM = 3,650 ADM for the first year, slowly rising to 36,500 ADM 
in next few years. 

Considering the fact that delegates will also receive their rewards for blocks forging, the 
increase of ADM token market price and rather cheap data storing costs — the ADAMANT 
infrastructure will be effectively supported and delegates will constantly make profits. 

 

   

1 Cryptography in NaCl https://cr.yp.to/highspeed/naclcrypto-20090310.pdf 
 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 16 of 32 

 



 

Project’s current state 
By the moment of the ICO, the ADAMANT system represents a fully functional product 
with the following features: 

● Message transfer (ADAMANT Messenger); 

● Tokens storage and transferring; 

● Exploring the information about current blockchain state; 

● A ready-to-scale full nodes infrastructure. 

ADAMANT Messenger 
ADAMANT Messenger is available for use at the following link ​https://msg.adamant.im 

  

By the moment the ADAMANT Messenger is implemented as a Progressive Web App 
(PWA) working in the major modern browsers on mobile and desktop systems. The 
development of native applications for Android and iOS platforms is also in the ongoing 
process. 

ADAMANT Messenger system requirements: 

● For mobile devices:  

○ Apple iOS 9 mobile operating system or higher 

○ Google Android 5.0 or higher / mobile Google Chrome browser (version 62+) 

● For PC: 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 17 of 32 

 

https://msg.adamant.im/


 

○ Any modern web browser 

ADAMANT Messenger has an ability to store and send ADM tokens (wallet application). 

ADAMANT Messenger current features: 

● Encrypted message transfer; 

● List of conversations and chat history; 

● Transactions’ list; 

● Detailed Information about every payment transaction; 

● New message notifications; 

● Setting a name (or nickname) for interlocutor’s address; 

● Emoji support; 

● Markdown support. 

ADAMANT Messenger planned features: 
(please, also check the “Roadmap” sections of this document) 

● An internal address book; 

● Blockchain-stored profiles and settings; 

● Transferring tokens within the chat screen; 

● Tokens transfer notification within the chat screen; 

● Image transferring; 

● Blockchain-stored document transfers ; 

● Digital signing (approving) a document; 

● Favorites for chats and messages; 

● Search through contacts and messages; 

● Simplified Sign-In using a pin-code; 

● Chat hiding (closure); 

● Group chats. 

You can find all the advantages and features of ADAMANT Messenger right in the 
“ADAMANT conception” section of this document. 

 

   

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 18 of 32 

 



 

ADAMANT Messenger account creation scheme — on user’s device: 

 

1. A random Seed is being generated 
2. The system produce a unique Passphrase based on this Seed value 
3. The Passphrase is used to generate a Public and a Private keys 
4. A user’s ADM Wallet Address is generated from the Public key 

ADAMANT Messenger work scheme — on user’s device: 

 

1. A message is locally encrypted on user’s device (using the Curve25519, Salsa20, 
and Poly1305 cipher algorithms) 

2. The encrypted message is transferred through a randomly selected node to the 
blockchain. 

Since all messages are fully encrypted on the user’s device before sending to the 
blockchain, there is no precise way to determine the exact message size (the total amount 
of symbols within it). Therefore the transfer fee is calculated approximately — 0.001 ADM 
for each 255 UTF-8 symbols received. The message transfer fee would be further adjusted 
according to the actual market price of ADM tokens. 

ADAMANT Messenger is available for use to everyone. For the whole two years after the 
inceptional release, all new accounts will receive a small amount of ADM token to get 
freely ​acquainted with the messenger. 

   

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 19 of 32 

 



 

Blockchain Explorer 
Blockchain Explorer provides a detailed information about ADAMANT blockchain status, a 
blocks list, all network transactions and full information on them. It also Includes an 
activity graph, an information about delegates and the network. 

 

 

Blockchain Explorer is available to use at ​https://explorer.adamant.im  

ADAMANT full-node package 
Anyone who wants to support ADAMANT infrastructure can do so by deploying a full 
blockchain node and registering as a delegate member to start forging new blocks and 
receiving fees for network transactions execution (​note:​ you’ll have to pay 3000 ADM for 
delegate registration to proceed and obtain some user votes to become an active one). 

Detailed setup instructions are available at ​https://adamant.im/devs/ 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 20 of 32 

 

https://explorer.adamant.im/
https://adamant.im/devs/


 

Economical aspect 

Token value rationalization 
ADM is a token, which value is ensured by commissions (fees) for message and data 
transfer. These fees are designed to fully cover all infrastructure cost dictated by the 
needs for anonymous and secure data transmission. 

ADAMANT Business Service also includes digital document signing (approving) features. 

There is an additional ADM value that is produced through the distribution process of all 
remainings of the unsold tokens which were allocated for the ICO campaign. This process 
is named “ADAMANT Grows” and users that have enough ADM tokens within their wallet 
balances will receive proportionally monthly rewards for the approximate period of a one 
year after the ICO ends up. 

ADM is an Utility-token which is used for internal system purposes only and it’s apply is 
not intended for any speculative operations or profit gains. 

Token emission 
On the ADAMANT MainNet inception a genesis wallet of 98 millions ADM was created. 

Initial emission distribution: 

● 75% (73,500,000 ADM) — Wallet for ICO campaign maintaining; 

● 4% (3,920,000 ADM) — reserve for system development and infrastructure 

support; 

● 4% (3,920,000 ADM) — ADAMANT Business Service marketing reserve; 

● 9% (8,820,000 ADM) — initial Investors’ and founders’ rewards; 

● 8% (7,840,000 ADM) — Adoption wallet for Bounty Campaigns and initial user 

assessments. 

The maximum (limited) amount of tokens — 200 million ADM. 

Therefore, 102 millions of ADM tokens (+ transaction fees) will be used to payback the 
delegate members for infrastructure support and maintaining the network functional. 

To learn more on the forging rewards — please read the “Infrastructure maintaining and 
ADM token forging (mining)” section of this original document. 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 21 of 32 

 



 

Fundraising for the future project development 
(ICO campaign) 
Selling ADM tokens from genesis-block through the Pre-ICO and ICO campaigns is a 
planned measure aimed to support the whole range ADAMANT system growth by 
gathering the necessary funds for its further development process. 

Please, keep in mind that ICO wallet volume is only 73,500,000 ADM.  

Since ADM is made to be an Utility-token used to maintain ADAMANT infrastructure and is 
aimed to assure the transaction system functions, the buying (or obtaining) ADM tokens is 
allowed for citizens of any country and of any jurisdiction. 

All tokens unsold in the fundraising campaigns will be proportionally distributed between 
the existing owners (holders) according to the plan listed in “ADAMANT Grows” section of 
this original document. 

The Pre-ICO stage was handled within 12/14/2017 and 01/25/2018. 

At the moment the ICO fundraising stage is taking its place with the following terms: 
01/30/2018 – 06/30/2018. 

● How to participate: through an automatic exchange system at 

https://adamant.im/ico/​ webpage 

● Receiving ADM tokens: through an automatic system transfer to partner’s wallet 

right after a payment have been received and confirmed by the processing network 

● Accepted cryptocurrencies: ETH, BTC, BCH, DASH, DOGE, LTC, ETC, LSK 

● Token price: from 0.0002 ETH tо 0.0004 ETH for 1 ADM unit. 

Accurate ADM token price for other cryptos is dynamically calculated based on the 

actual ETH price on the date of your purchase. 

● Minimal participation amount: no cap 

● ICO operational phases: 

○ First:  

■ 01/30/2018—02/14/2018 

■ Token price: 1 ADM = 0.0002 ETH 

○ Second: 

■ 02/15/2018—02/28/2018 

■ Token price: 1 ADM = 0.0003 ETH 

○ Third: 

■ 03/01/2018—06/30/2018 

■ Token price: 1 ADM = 0.0004 ETH 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 22 of 32 

 

https://adamant.im/ico/


 

● Participation Bonuses (same for all phases): 

○ from 20 to 30 ETH: + 20% for total ADM gain volume 

○ from 30 to 50 ETH: + 30% for total ADM gain volume 

○ from 50 to 90 ETH: + 40% for total ADM gain volume 

○ more than 90 ETH: + 50% for total ADM gain volume 

Project budget planning 
All funds raised during the ICO will be used for ADAMANT development, support and 
evolution.  

Soft cap — $500,000. Hard cap — $8,000,000. 

Soft cap will provide the essential amount of resource necessary for developing of main 
messenger features and whole infrastructure support. More finance will allow us to 
speed-up the development and increase ADAMANT’s active user base. 

A two-year plan for the raised funds allocation: 

● Infrastructure support — 10% 

○ Servers 

○ Staff salary 

● Development — 30% 

○ Staff salary 

○ Office space renting and maintaining 

○ Technical equipment and its support 

○ Listing on cryptocurrency exchanges (markets) 

○ Consulting with industry experts 

● External security and code auditions (reviews) — 10% 

● Users involvement — 50% 

○ Offline promotion campaigns and conferences participation 

○ Staff salary 

○ Contextual advertising 

○ Advertising on crypto resources 

○ Writing and publishing thematic articles and posts 

   

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 23 of 32 

 



 

«ADAMANT Grows» 
To make ADM tokens even more valuable, all the dedicated for the ICO campaign tokens 
being unsold will be distributed among the actual ADM owners — their wallet balances 
will proportionally grow by 5% monthly for an estimate period of a one year after the ICO 
ends up. 

As far as ADM is an Utility-token which is used to maintain the network infrastructure, the 
ADAMANT Grows system is only aimed to protect the conceptual system aspect and not 
suitable for gaining profits. 

This distribution will be eventually stopped with the ICO wallet depletion. 

Therefore, the earlier you’ll support ADAMANT, and the longer you’ll hold your tokens, the 
more “grow”-bonuses you’ll get. 

● Distribution beginning: 04/11/2018 

● Distribution period: monthly 

● Growth percent: 5% 

● Distribution closure: eventually with ICO wallet depletion. 

These wallets do not participate in token distribution campaign: 

1. All initial system wallets (ICO, investors rewards, Adoption, reserve wallets); 
2. Wallets with their balance being less than 10 ADM tokens. 

The information about each distribution round details is open (hence will be published on 
an official website) and all growth transactions are visible through the ADAMANT 
Explorer. 

Listing ADM tokens on cryptocurrency exchange markets 
After the ICO campaign end up the ADAMANT token (ADM) is going to be listed for free 
exchange on the cryptocurrency markets. 

 

   

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 24 of 32 

 



 

Adaptation and promotion 
The modern messengers became a convenient way of communications. The percent of 
people who use them in everyday life is constantly growing, and soon it will reach 100% 

The ADAMANT Messenger targets that category of users who actually high value such 
things as the security of their messaging and a convenient way for tokens transfer. 

The high unevenness of users’ adaptation is one of the main features for the every new 
messenger being released. The amount of new users is rising slowly at the beginning, but 
after a while these active users start to invite their friends and relatives, thus the total 
amount of users starts to grow exponentially. 

ADAMANT project includes the following methods for growth of active user base: 

● An ICO campaign as a way to attract people from crypto-community; 

● A Bounty Campaign; 

● Social networks advertising campaigns; 

● Ads campaigns and commercials (online and offline); 

● Attending the conferences; 

● Initial assessments for new users’ wallets; 

● ADAMANT Business Service for inhouse company use. 

Initial accruals for users’ wallets 
All the transactions within the blockchain do need to have their minimal fees. 
This is necessary to support the network infrastructure. 

To give all users the ability to freely try ADAMANT features, they are credited with a small 
amount of tokens during the wallet creation process: 

● 0.49 ADM till block number 6 300 000 (it will estimately take a year to reach it) 

— 490 free messages 

● Afterwards this welcome credit amount will be gradually decreased by 0.01 ADM 

for every 125 000 blocks till the minimum of 0.01 ADM (estimately one more year) 

Since the system’s direct transfer fee is 0.5 ADM, this welcome credit amount is not 
enough for its abusive exploitation by a subsequent accumulation of the initial balances. 
The initial accruals are made within the first minutes of the new wallet creation process 
right from the Adoption wallet (7,840,000 ADM). Thus an estimated number of users 
which could test the system this way for free is about 7 to 14 millions. 

 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 25 of 32 

 



 

Bounty Campaign 
The Bounty Campaign is made to allow users to contribute in ADAMANT promotion and 
receive their rewards with ADM tokens. 

It will take its place between 12/14/2017 and 03/30/2018 and includes: 

● Rewards for signatures and avatars on Bitcointalk.org; 

● Social networks activities; 

● Website and documents translations; 

● Translations and support of main Bitcointalk.org and Bounty Bitcointalk threads; 

● Translations of ADAMANT Messenger app; 

● Translations of Whitepaper; 

● Related (and promotion) posts and articles in blogs and websites; 

● Hosting banners on websites. 

All additional information about the Bounty Campaign is located at 
https://adamant.im/bounty/ 

   

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 26 of 32 

 



 

Project Roadmap (2017-2018) 

✓ 2nd quarter 2017 

✓ Developing ADAMANT conceptions 
✓ Consulting with industry experts 
✓ ADAMANT TestNet deployment 

✓ 3rd quarter 2017 

✓ Progressive Web App development (ADAMANT Wallet and Messenger) 
✓ Making the Whitepaper 

4th quarter 2017 

✓ Website development 
✓ Starting up the ADAMANT MainNet 
✓ Making a full node distribution package 
✓ Creating ADAMANT Blockchain Explorer 
✓ Setting up information resources (social networks, forums and blogs) 
✓ Bounty Campaign launch 
✓ An internal security audit 
✓ Pre-ICO launch (12/14/2017) 

1st quarter 2018 

✓ Pre-ICO closure (01/25/2018) 
✓ ICO launch (01/30/2018) 
✓ ADAMANT Messenger promotion and adaptation fixes 
✓ Adding new languages and translations for information resources 

● Extending ADAMANT Messenger functionality (with user profiles, simpler login 
process and sending files / tokens right from the chat screen) 

2nd quarter 2018 

● Releasing ADAMANT Messenger native application for iOS 
● Infrastructure whole-scaling 
● Extending ADAMANT Messenger functionality (adding address book, group 

chats, search through messages, ability for chatroom closure) 
● ICO end up (06/30/2018) 

3rd quarter 2018 

● Listing ADM tokens on the cryptocurrency markets 
● Introducing ADAMANT Business Service (with blockchain storing for documents 

and their digital signing) 
● Releasing ADAMANT Messenger native application for Android 
● Marketing campaigns 

4th quarter 2018 

● An independent security audit 
● Setting up ADAMANT Business Service for partner companies. 
● Marketing campaigns 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 27 of 32 

 



 

ADAMANT Tech Labs 
There are over 20 members in ADAMANT team. 

(the main ones are listed below) 

 

 

CEO — Pavel Evgenov 

Executive and innovator with huge history of successful IT and Financial projects. MBA. 
Graduate of Government and Municipal Management (IMEI) — Alumnus.  

Secretary of Moscow Youth Community Ward. 

http://vk.com/p.evgenov 

 

 

Lead Developer — Alexey Lebedev 

IBM Certified Solution Designer — IBM Rational Unified Process. Blockchain enthusiast. 
Over 15 years of work experience with IT-projects management and development. Head of 

InfoResheniya and irSoftware. 

lebedevau@gmail.com 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 28 of 32 

 

http://vk.com/p.evgenov
mailto:lebedevau@gmail.com


 

 

Lead Developer — Dmitriy Soloduhin  

Master of science at Information Systems department of Vladimir State University. 
Developer and system architect for wide spectrum of information systems (including 

Blockchain). Wide range IT-specialist. Interests: Lego, photography. 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitriy-soloduhin 

 

 

 

Lead Designer — Maxim Pikhtovnikov 

Graduate of the faculty of Micro-units and technical cybernetics (MIET) — Alumnus.  
Designer and marketologist with work experience in major international companies.  

Computer network and information security enthusiast since 1999. 
IT-advisor and executive, coach. 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/pikhtovnikov/ 

 

 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 29 of 32 

 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitriy-soloduhin
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pikhtovnikov/


 

 

 

Product manager — Artem Vorobev 

Graduate of the faculty of Micro-units and technical cybernetics (MIET) — Alumnus.  

Over 10 years of work experience with IT-projects. 

Over 7 years of work experience with IT-startups. 

 Wide range IT-specialist. 

art.vorobev@gmail.com 

 

 

Public relations — Sergey Lebedev 

Graduate of the Architecture and Construction Department of Vladimir State University.  

Chief project engineer, entrepreneur. 

Under his leadership more than 50 projects have passed state expertise in the field of 
construction design. 

https://vk.com/id405481034 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 30 of 32 

 

mailto:art.vorobev@gmail.com
https://vk.com/id405481034


 

 

iOS Developer — Pavel Anokhov 

Moscow Institute of Management. 

12 years of experience in IT, from Technical Support to highload backend applications. 

Interests: Programming, snowboarding, and Portal 2. 

https://vk.com/realbonus 

 

 

 

   

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 31 of 32 

 

https://vk.com/realbonus


 

ADAMANT Web Presence  
● Website: ​https://adamant.im  

● Messenger: ​https://msg.adamant.im  

● Block Explorer: ​https://explorer.adamant.im  

● Source code at Github: ​https://github.com/Adamant-im  

● Twitter: ​https://twitter.com/adamant_im  

● Facebook: ​https://www.facebook.com/adamant.im  

● Vkontakte: ​https://vk.com/adamant_im  

● Slack: ​https://adamant-im.slack.com  

● Telegram: ​https://t.me/adamant_im  

● Bitcointalk.org ADAMANT Messenger thread: 

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2635564.0 

 

 

 

ADAMANT Whitepaper, v. 1.5.2 ENG  p. 32 of 32 

 

https://adamant.im/
https://msg.adamant.im/
https://explorer.adamant.im/
https://github.com/Adamant-im
https://twitter.com/adamant_im
https://www.facebook.com/adamant.im/
https://vk.com/adamant_im
https://adamant-im.slack.com/
https://t.me/adamant_im

