








































Microsoft Word - adbank_whitepaper_jan12_2018.docx


	 1	

 



	 2	

 



	 3	

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
Front Page  
• Masthead…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..2 
• Table of Contents……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………3 
• Disclosure………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….4 
• Abstract……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..5 
• Technical Overview…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………6-7 
 
The Opportunity 
• The Ad Fraud Problem ……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………9 
• Size of the Digital Advertising Market……………………………………………………………………………………….10  
• Who Profits from Digital Advertising? ………………………………………………………………………………………11 
• The Incredible Extent of Digital Advertising Fraud ……………………………………………………………… 12 - 14 
• Is Social Media Built for Advertising Fraud? ……………………………………………………………………………15 
• How and Why Fraud Occurs…………………………………………………………………………………………………………16 
• How Digital Advertising Works for the Middleman and Nobody Else…………………............17 
• Understanding the Depth of the Problem………………………………………………………………………………..18 
• A Complete Lack of Transparency……………………………………………………………………………………………..19  
• Nobody Likes the Current Digital Advertising Ecosystem………………………………………………….20  
• Why Procter & Gable is Abandoning Digital Advertising……………………………………………………..21 
• The Biggest Advertising Fraud Ever……………………………………………………………………………………………22 
• The Methbot Bot Farm ………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….23 - 24 
• What We Know About Digital Advertising and Fraud…………………………………………………………..25 - 26 
• There is No Alternative to Digital Advertising…………………………………………………………………………27 
• There is a Massive Opportunity in Digital Advertising Technology………………………………….28 - 29 
• A Textbook Example of a Broken Industry……………………………………………………………………………….30 
 
Introducing Adbank 
• How Adbank Works………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..32 
• Services….…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..33 
• The Adbank Token………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….34 
• Insights Advertisers Can Trust…………………………………………………………………………………………………….35 
• End-User Participant………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………36 
• An Openly Available API……………………………………………………………………………………………………………….37 
• Third-Party Development Made Easy……………………………………………………………………………………….38 
• Metadata……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………39 
• Network Flow……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………40 
• Adbank Patent pending…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………41 
• Road Map…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..42 
• Token Sale Details……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………43 
• ADB Token Allocation…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….44 
• Allocation of Funds………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….45 
• Token Sale Restrictions………………..………………………………………………………………………………………………..46 
 
Team 
• Executive Team……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….48 - 49 
• Support Team…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..50 - 51 
• Advisory Board…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………52 - 54 
• Contact Us…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………55 
 



	 4	

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THIS IS NOT A PROSPECTUS OF ANY 
SORT. 
 
This document does not constitute a prospectus of any kind. It is not a 
solicitation for investment and does not in any way pertain to an offering of 
securities in either Canada or the United States. Canadian and United States 
residents are excluded from purchasing Adbank tokens. This document 
constitutes a description of the Adbank platform and the functionality of 
Adbank tokens. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 



	 5	

 

This document outlines technical innovations both in the 
blockchain and patent pending-pending AI anti-fraud. The 
white paper and patent pendings describe artificial 
intelligence (AI) advancements that the Adbank platform’s 
owners will leverage to disrupt middlemen in the digital 
advertising space. In addition to Adbank’s technical 
innovations, this document will outline how Adbank business 
plan is different from existing strategies and will show how 
the company plans to disrupt the digital advertising 
ecosystem, through a strategy of acquiring existing ad 
networks.  

 
Experts agree that Blockchain technology has the potential 
to address many of the major problems currently plaguing 
the digital advertising industry. 
 
In 2017, an estimated $223.74 billion will be spent worldwide 
on digital advertising, with middlemen taking up to 75% of 
the investment, and advertisers losing another $16.4 billion to 
ad fraud. 
 
“Just 25% of chief marketing officers’ (CMO) digital media 
investment reaches target audiences,” stated Association of 
National Advertisers (ANA) CEO Bob Liodice during his 
opening remarks at the ANA’s Masters of Marketing 
conference in October 2017. “This atrocity represents more 
than $20 billion of marketing waste, inefficiency, and 
ineffectiveness.” 
 
If Liodice’s estimate is correct, $167.805 billion (75%) of the 
estimated $223.74 billion that will be spent on digital 
advertising in 2017 will go to middlemen, not advertisers or 
publishers. When fraud is added to that amount, the amount 
of investment not going to advertisers and publishers is 
$184.205 billion.  
 
 
 

 
 

Abstract 

“Advertising 
is broken. 
Let’s fix it.” 



	 6	

\ 

Technical Overview 
 
 

Adbank’s application of blockchain technology, the patent pending-pending 
AI anti-fraud technology, and the Adbank token will create a transparent 
ecosystem, which will allow payments from advertisers to publishers to be 
traced. 
 
Adbank has created and submitted patent pendings on new forms of fraud 
detection based on artificial intelligence and the blockchain. Whereas traditional 
fraud detection systems are constructed to run within whatever advertising 
network they were designed for, Adbank’s anti-fraud system will have full 
access to the entire platform, which includes blockchain. These additional 
sources of information allow the AI to find connections between information in 
the advertising system and on the blockchain that other systems can’t leverage. 
This means that Adbank’s anti-fraud AI can succeed where others fail by being 
built into the very fabric of the Adbank platform.  
 
Adbank’s patent pendings cover a wide range of anti-fraud techniques. Through 
accessing advertising databases, user logs, ad images, rendering of web pages, 
blockchain transactions, and the latest in supervised and unsupervised artificial 
intelligence learning, Adbank’s anti-fraud system can detect many types of 
fraud. Some examples include finding transactional blockchain activity coupled 
with web pages that fail to render all expected ads to detect a predatory 
publisher on the system, catching unexpected and typical shifts in website 
visitors along with many frequently and atypical mass selling of tokens to other 
currency on the blockchain to indicate a publisher that’s buying traffic, and 
selling the profits as quickly as possible to avoid detection. In another example, 
Adbank is working to develop a comprehensive collection of tools to catch 
mobile application based fraud, whereby a malicious app intercepts clicks and 
emits false app installation notifications that earn fraudulent publishers huge 
payouts for faking the process of ads that drive app installations. The Adbank 
app will detect this activity and send this data back to the Adbank anti-fraud AI, 
which will leverage this information, as well as other sources of fraud-detection 
information to catch and ban these criminals.  
 
It can be seen with these few examples that Adbank provides an unmatched 
ecosystem built to make an advertising landscape conducive to detecting and 
eliminating the fraudulent behavior.  
 



	 7	

Leveraging blockchain technology to disrupt digital advertising is a clear 
opportunity that others have identified as well. What makes Adbank’s technical 
approach unique is an appropriate application of blockchain technology to 
introduce transparency into payments, with anti-fraud AIs monitoring the entire 
process both on-chain and off-chain.  
 
Business Model Innovation:  
Adbank is unique in its’ business plan, where its path to disruption includes a 
roll-up strategy to acquire existing ad-networks and convert them to the use of 
Adbank tokens. This acquisition and conversion of an existing networks strategy 
is unique to both Adbanks core services platform and Adbanks business plan.  
 
Adbank’s plans to deploy $10 million USD in acquisitions may result in the ADB 
token having a token-transactional volume of $20 million USD a month. This 
figure does not include the growth expected and the advanced AI technology 
and improved economics to generate by lowering advertisers’ costs. 
 
Adbank does not intend to be the biggest network but instead provide the tools 
to allow other ad networks to convert to the ADB token and realize the same 
benefits of transparency and AI anti-fraud the blockchain provides.  
 
The Adbank team is located in Canada and brings together a team of industry 
insiders. Those veterans include the Co-Founder/CTO, Chiron Bramberger, who 
was a founding member of an Ad Network that was sold to Google for $23 
million and Co-Founder/CEO, Jon Gillham, who operated a private-equity 
company dedicated to rolling up digital assets.  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



	 8	

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The 
Opportunity 



	 9	

 

 

 

 

 

 

Digital advertising has become one of the fastest-
growing and most lucrative industries in the world 
today. However, online advertising is a broken industry 
with a highly-inefficient business model that is prone 
to fraud and abuse. 

The revenues that can be made from advertising are 
absolutely incredible.  

Marketers spent $19.6 billion on digital ads in first 
quarter 2017 alone, The Interactive Advertising Bureau 
(IAB) reported.  

Digital ad spending is also growing dramatically 
increasing by 23% or $3.7 billion between third quarter 
2016 and the first three months of 2017.  

 

 

 

  

  

  

 

The Ad  

Fraud  

Problem 



	 10	

 

Size of the Digital Advertising Market 

 

The value of all digital advertising revenues for 2017 was projected to 
reach $223.7 billion according to the research firm eMarketer.  

The largest segment of digital marketing, mobile ads, is projected to 
undergo dramatic growth in the next two years. Alphabet is expected to 
generate $49.72 billion revenue from mobile ads in 2017. That figure is 
expected to grow to $61.26 billion in 2018 and $73.30 billion in 2019, Recode 
reported.  

Buys are currently divided into more traditional style media buys directly 
with the publisher’s sales team, or run using a programmatic system (ie. 
Google adwords, Facebook, etc.).  

 

 

 

 



	 11	

 

Who Profits from Digital Advertising? 

 

Despite the vast profits, digital advertising is a deeply flawed industry because 
the people who actually create the content and sites—the advertisers and 
publishers- may be getting less than half of the revenue. 

Middlemen are taking between 20% and 50% of the $223.7 billion spent on digital 
advertising annually, data compiled for Adbank indicated. Other estimates have the 
percentage taken by middlemen as high as 75%. Those middlemen take many forms 
including search engines, ad networks, ad agencies, brokerages, affiliate programs, 
and media conglomerates. 

This layer of middlemen exists because the advertising market is severely 
fragmented. Even in today’s world, publishers often have no direct method of 
connecting with advertisers. That means participants turn to an ad network or other 
middleman who requires them to pay for the privilege of placing ads on networks. 

The flaws in this system are numerous, but the greatest problem is that publishers 
and advertisers have no leverage over the middlemen. There is little transparency 
and often no means of validating advertising views. Not surprisingly, such an 
environment lends itself to fraud. 



	 12	

 

The Incredible Extent of Digital Advertising Fraud  

 

The problem of digital-advertising fraud is far greater than most 
marketing professionals and entrepreneurs realize. The volume of ad fraud, 
sometimes known as “bot fraud,” is now so large that it threatens the future 
of advertising itself. 

Advertisers are projected to lose $6.5 billion to advertising fraudsters in 2017, 
the Association of National Advertisers (ANA) and the White Ops analyst firm 
reported. 

 



	 13	

Unfortunately, fraud in some segments of the industry is still growing. 
Highlights of fraud detailed in an ANA and White Ops report show that the 
problem is still out of control. Data from the same report indicate that fraud 
now threatens the profitability of some segments of digital advertising.  

Disturbingly, another report from the ad verification company AdBox 
indicates the problem might be far worse. AdBox’s estimate of the cost of 
fraud in 2017 was higher than the numbers White Ops and ANA provided. 

The estimates from these reports expose the extent of digital fraud and the 
threat it poses to advertisers and publishers. Highlights of the ad fraud 
problem include: 

• Digital fraud cost advertisers $12.5 billion 2016, the ad-verification 
company AdBox estimated in February 2017. This was nearly $5 billion 
more than the number White Ops calculated.  

 
• Around 20% of all money spent by advertisers in 2016 was lost to 

fraudsters, AdBox estimated.  
 

• The cost of ad fraud will increase to $16.4 billion in 2017, AdBox 
predicted. That would be an increase of $4.1 billion in just 12 months.  
 

• Estimates of bot fraud vary widely, which indicates how hard it is to 
detect and analyze.  

 
• Around 29% of the $27 billion spent on programmatic or automated, 

digital advertising in 2016 was lost to fraudulent or invalid traffic, an ad 
industry group called The&Partnership reported. 

 
• An estimated 22% of all funds spent on online video advertising in 2017 

will be lost to fraud, ANA and White Ops revealed. 
 

• Around 9% of money spent on online display advertising in 2017 will be 
lost to fraud, ANA and White Ops estimated. 
 

• 20% of all web domains were identified as fraudulent or “cash-out” 
sites, by ANA and White Ops. 

 



	 14	

• The amount of fraud from sourced traffic, sites, or ads designed to 
drive traffic to other sites was 3.6 times higher than that come from 
non-sourced traffic, according to ANA and White Ops. 

 
• The high levels of fraud occurred even though 80% of advertisers 

surveyed by ANA and White Ops deployed antifraud measures.  
 

• Fraudulent advertising has become very hard to identify. Only around 
$3 billion or less than one half of the $7.83 billion worth of fraudulent 
programmatic advertising in 2016 was under review by major 
advertisers’ marketing departments, The World Federation of 
Advertisers reported.  

 
These figures are high because the middlemen have little incentive to 
combat ad fraud. The typical digital advertising middleman makes the same 
amount for fraudulent advertising as real advertising. This gives 
unscrupulous middlemen a strong incentive to ignore high volumes of fraud 
in some segments such as video advertising. 

 



	 15	

 

Is Social Media Built for Advertising Fraud? 

 

Some observers think the ad fraud problem is vast because the present 
system is setup to profit from it. Daily Beast writers Alexander Heffner and 
Liam Dalton even accused Facebook and its CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, of 
“monetizing ad fraud.”  

 

They stated that Facebook’s system was set up to give advertisers the 
benefit of the doubt. The two also make the damning allegation that 
Facebook is making no serious efforts to control ad fraud.  

This should concern publishers and advertisers because Facebook is 
currently the world’s largest social media company. One Facebook product, 
the messaging solution WhatsApp, had 1.3 billion users worldwide in July 
2017, Statista estimated. In addition to Facebook itself, which had an 
estimated two billion users in June 2017, the company also operates 
Facebook Messenger which had 1.2 billion users in June 2017 and Instagram 
which had 700 million users in June 2017, Tech Crunch reported. 

 

 

 

 

 

“The new media conglomerate is the Wild West: unknown, unregulated, unlawful,” Heffner 
and Dalton wrote of Facebook. They extended their criticism to another social media 
operator: Twitter. 

	



	 16	

 

How and Why Fraud Occurs 

 

Most of the fraud occurs because of the standard method of website 
promotion and finance—paid traffic acquisition or traffic sourcing.  

Paid-traffic acquisition exists because smaller publishers lack the resources or 
content to attract views on their own. They turn to paid traffic brokers and often 
choose the ones that provide the highest volumes of traffic.  

Those brokers often use bots or algorithms that fool websites into identifying them 
as human visitors. Bots can create the illusion of high levels of traffic, which brokers 
use to charge higher rates. Such “sourced traffic” is problematic because it is 3.6 
times as likely to be fraudulent as natural organic internet traffic, ANA and White 
Ops determined.  

To make matters worse it is often impossible to track fraud because levels of it can 
fluctuate. It is also very pervasive according to the available data.  

“Levels of fraud are not constant throughout the year,” according to Bot Baseline 
2016-2017: Fraud in Advertising ANA and White Ops. “Fraud is invited whenever and 
wherever digital advertising demand outstrips supply.” 

Therefore, fraud occurs and is profitable because the supply of viewers for digital 
advertising is limited. The demand from digital advertisers always exceeds the 
available volume of viewers, which encourages fraud. Advertisers can charge more 
for limited numbers of viewers so they have a strong incentive to pad the figures. 

Levels of fraud vary dramatically, which makes it harder to detect. ANA and White 
Ops noted that fraud levels were far higher on busy shopping days such as Cyber 
Monday and Black Friday. It also found spikes of fraud during holidays when 
advertising spending is higher. 

Despite that, some advertisers and publishers are getting better at fraud detection. 
Large-volume programmatic buyers of ads, such as the consumer products giant 
Procter & Gamble, are now capable of weeding out much of the fraud. They are also 
learning how to identify sources of fraud-prone advertising and cutting them off.  

 

 



	 17	

How Digital Advertising Works                                           
for Middlemen and Nobody Else 

 

 

The roots of digital ad fraud lie in the basic process that most publishers 
and advertisers are forced to utilize.  

Ideally, a website publisher should be able to use services, such as Google 
AdSense or MediaNet, to generate enough advertising revenue to pay the 
bills. Unfortunately, this rarely occurs because that publisher is competing 
against tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of other bloggers. 

AdSense and MediaNet payments are based on the number of viewers a site 
receives. That process works great for popular websites like The Drudge 
Report, which attracted 1.47 billion views in July 2016 alone, according to 
Similar Web’s top U.S. Media Publisher rankings. The Report’s owner and 
operator, Matt Drudge, is now a very rich man because he has a large 
audience and lots of ad revenue pouring in. 

It works poorly for your typical website operator, such as a blogger who 
writes about a specialized topic like comic books, auto racing, or 
cryptocurrency. Such a blogger, whose site might receive a few hundred or a 
few thousand hits each day, may earn only a few pennies a day from the 
giants like Google. 

To get more revenue many publishers turn to ad brokers and other 
middlemen. This can lead to a higher rate of views, but it rarely generates a 
higher income because the broker often takes 20% to 75% of the ad revenue. 
Brokers make money by selling space to advertisers.  

 

 



	 18	

 

Understanding the Depth of the Problem 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



	 19	

 

A Complete Lack of Transparency  

 

 

Such middlemen have limited incentive to detect or combat bot fraud 
because it helps them make more money. The middleman’s pay is based 
solely on the number of views; the more views the ad brings in, the more 
money the broker makes. 

This explains why 12% of the world’s major advertisers are now buying digital 
space directly from publishers and bypassing the middleman, CNBC 
reported in February 2017. That method works well for giant corporations like 
Ford or Procter & Gamble, which can afford to hire professional staff to 
contact publishers directly. It is also a great deal for major website publishers 
like Matt Drudge because the major advertisers will call them and pay them 
directly.  

Unfortunately, it fails miserably for most web publishers such as a mother 
who blogs about child rearing. Major advertisers such as Toyota or Amazon 
will have no incentive to work with them directly. Worse, they simply lack 
the money and resources to review all the views they receive for fraud. 

This situation creates an advertising market in which there is a complete lack 
of transparency. Only giant corporations can afford the resources necessary 
to attempt to verify the authenticity of views. Almost every other publisher 
and advertiser is at the mercy of middlemen and fraudsters. 

These publishers have no choice but to trust the middlemen, yet they have 
no way of ascertaining if the traffic provided is legitimate. The bind the 
advertisers are put in is so terrible, they have no choice but to buy a product 
and no means of telling if that product is real. 



	 20	

Nobody Likes the Current                                               
Digital Advertising Ecosystem 

 

 

The obvious reality is that nobody likes the current status quo in digital 
advertising, except, perhaps, Alphabet stockholders and fraudsters. Large 
advertisers seem to be just as dissatisfied with digital ads as the smaller 
players.  

Even some of the biggest consumers of advertising such as Chief Brand 
Officer Marc S. Pritchard—the man in charge of Procter & Gamble’s (P&G) $7.2 
billion a year advertising budget—are disgusted by it. Pritchard, whose 
company is a major consumer of all kinds of advertising, delivered one of the 
most scathing attacks on the status quo in January 2017. 

“We serve ads to consumers through a non-transparent media supply chain 
with spotty compliance to common standards, unreliable measurement, 
hidden rebates, and new inventions like bot and methbot fraud,” Pritchard 
said. That was just one of many public attacks Pritchard has made on digital 
advertising. 

Back in January, Pritchard laid down the law to digital advertisers at the 
Interactive Advertising Bureau’s Annual Leadership Meeting. He told digital 
advertisers that P&G does not "want to waste time and money on a crappy 
media supply chain," Ad Age reported. His full speech can be seen on 
YouTube. 

 

 

 



	 21	

Why Procter & Gamble Is                         
Abandoning Digital Advertising  
 

Marc Pritchard is making good on his threats by putting his company’s money 
where his mouth is. P&G cut its spending on digital advertising by $140 million 
during second quarter 2017, Ad Age reported in July.  

 

The rationale P&G gave for the cut was to "temporarily restrict spending in digital 
forums where our ads were not being placed according to our standards and 
specifications." This was only the latest example of Pritchard’s war on digital ad 
fraud, P&G pulled out of Alphabet’s YouTube, the largest video-advertising digital, in 
March 2017 because of a lack of results. 

Pritchard is not the only P&G executive who is souring on digital advertising. Chief 
Financial Officer Jon Moeller shares Pritchard’s disgust with online ads, AdWeek 
reported. 

"Clearly, we don't need to be spending money that is seen by a bot and not a 
person,” Moeller stated. “Clearly, we don't need to be spending money on ads that 
are placed in inappropriate places and that's why you see a significant reduction. 



	 22	

 

The Biggest Advertising Fraud Ever  

 

The reason that Procter & Gamble left YouTube might be due to 
something called a methbot, which Pritchard mentioned specifically in his 
video attack. Methbots were involved in what Fast Company called the 
“largest known advertising fraud scheme ever.” 

A ring of Russian hackers called Ad Fraud Komanda, or "AFK13," was able to 
rake in $3 million to $5 million a day using methbots to create fake video 
views, White Ops estimated. The extent of AFK13’s operation was vast. It 
created more than 6,000 fake domains and 250,267 phony URLs, according 
to Fortune. This enabled AFK13 to fool some major publishers including 
Vogue and ESPN. 

AFK13 also operated a gigantic “farm” that used up to 570,000 bots to fool 
advertisers. Those bots watched as many as 300 million video ads a day. The 
methbots were even able to fool publishers into thinking that they were 
average American families watching a video at home in the heartland, White 
Ops concluded. 

A methbot is an advanced ad bot that uses modified code to mimic human 
behavior. The bot’s creators gave it the nickname “meth” because it is highly 
addictive—just like the notorious street drug methamphetamines. Methbots 
also give websites and advertisers a jolt of false viewership, much like “meth” 
gives addicts a jolt of false energy that leads to erratic and often destructive 
behavior.  



	 23	

 

 

The hackers at AFK13 were so sophisticated that they were able to reverse 
engineer the quality verification processes publishers used to detect phony 
ads. They also obtained hundreds of thousands of IP addresses associated 
with US Internet customers and providers to make their methbot traffic look 
real. 

The biggest losers from the methbot operation were advertisers whose 
losses are still unknown. One obvious casualty of the methbot offensive was 
Proctor & Gamble, White Ops exposed AFK13 in December 2016. Less than 
three months later, in March 2017, P&G pulled out of YouTube completely. 

The other damage done by the methbots is unknown but it might be vast. It 
is unknown if the methbots are still in operation, but White Ops experts 
believe they have become pervasive in the advertising ecosystem.  



	 24	

 

 

"At this point, the methbot operation has become so 
embedded in the layers of the advertising ecosystem, 
the only way to shut it down is to make the details public 

to help affected parties take action,”  

- a White Ops white paper concluded.  

 

 

 



	 25	

 

What We Know About Digital Advertising and Fraud 

 

 

These revelations provide a bothersome picture of the digital advertising 
business that highlights potential moneymaking opportunities. Important 
revelations about digital advertising that all investors and publishers need to 
understand include: 

1. Digital advertising has become one of the largest, most profitable, and 
fastest growing businesses in the world. 

 
2. Today’s digital advertisers have no good defense against fraud. Even 
large, well-funded organizations like Procter & Gamble, which undoubtedly 
have access to the latest security technology, are unable to cope with a high 
level of bot fraud. 
 
3. The level of advertising fraud is rising, despite the advertising 
industry’s claims to have the problem under control. If bot fraud was under 
control, Procter & Gamble would not be cutting its digital advertising buys. 
 
4. Advertising fraud is a sophisticated and well-organized criminal 
enterprise—as demonstrated by AFK13. 
 
5. Bot fraudsters are getting more sophisticated and improving their 
means of tricking advertisers and publishers all the time. 
 
6. There might be other bot fraud rings that are as large, as well 
organized, and as well financed as AFK13 out there. 
 
7. Some of those advertising fraud organizations might have the backing 
or, at least, the tolerance of governments in nations such as Russia. A simple 
way such fraudsters can get government support is to simply bribe 



	 26	

politicians and officials. If White Ops’ revelations about AFK13’s 
moneymaking capabilities are true, such criminals certainly have the means 
to buy protection—even from heads of state or government. 
 
8. Advertising fraud might be impossible to stop or control in the current, 
legal, political, technological, and regulatory environment. 
 
9. There appears to be an almost complete lack of transparency in some 
segments of the digital advertising market such as video. 
 
10. Even some of the largest middlemen in the advertising market such as 
Google and Facebook, have little or no incentive to control or prevent 
advertising fraud. 
 
11. Current technologies and strategies for combating advertising fraud 
are not working.  
 
12. New technologies and strategies for combating digital advertising 
fraud are desperately needed. 
 
13. Many advertisers including giant corporations such as Proctor & 
Gamble, are no longer tolerant of advertising fraud. 
 
14. An increasing number of advertisers will simply stop buying specific 
varieties of advertising rather than pay money to fraudsters.  
 
15. A large percentage of advertisers are likely to move their spending to 
mediums that are perceived to be less vulnerable to fraud such as mobile. 
 
16. Fraudsters will simply adjust their bots and strategies to target those 
areas of advertising, repeating the catastrophe in video. 
 
17. The volume of advertising fraud is now so large that it threatens the 
survival of entire segments of advertising such as video.  
 

 



	 27	

 

There Is No Alternative to Digital Advertising 

 

 

These revelations should be kept in mind because even gigantic advertisers such 
as Procter & Gamble and Walmart have no choice but to use digital advertising. 
People are not going to go back to reading newspapers, listening to the radio, or 
watching broadcast television in the same way again. 

Digital entertainment, news, and information are the future for all but the very poor, 
the very old, and minority groups such as the Amish and Hasidic Jews. Everybody 
else gets most of their news—and much of their entertainment—from the Internet or 
mobile sources in today’s world. 

Any advertiser that wants to reach a significant number of viewers will have to 
utilize digital mediums. This reality puts those advertisers in a terrible bind. The 
market dictates that they utilize digital advertising, yet they know they will lose a 
significant amount of their investment in that medium to fraud. 

Some advertisers will be able to avoid this pitfall on a short-term basis by confining 
advertising purchases to specific segments of the market. For example, they might 
limit exposure to fraud by purchasing only mobile ads. 

Mobile ad buys will only be a short-term fix because the fraudsters will simply shift 
their resources to that medium. Large, well-financed criminal organizations like 
AFK13 have demonstrated that they have the technology and resources to get 
around almost any security measure.  

A related problem is the growth of social-media which appears to be more 
vulnerable to advertising fraud than older digital media. A major danger is social 
media’s heavy use in developing nations, where legal, technological, and regulatory 
defenses against fraud are weak.  

Therefore, new technological solutions will be the only real means of coping with 
digital advertising fraud. Such means will have to be simple, easy to implement, and 
provide a high level of transparency. 



	 28	

There Is a Massive Opportunity in                          
Digital Advertising Technology 

 

The most likely outcome from the advertising fraud plague is increased 
investment in advertising technology. Strangely enough, such investment seems to 
be limited. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Venture capitalists invested $2.2 billion in 343 advertising technology startups 
globally in 2016, The Silicon Valley Business Journal and CBInsights reported. That 
figure was actually down from $3.2 billion invested in 2015. 

 



	 29	

Observers blamed fear of Alphabet and Facebook, which dominate the digital 
advertising industry. The two companies control around 75% of all online advertising 
spending, a June 2017 report from Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers estimated.  

Venture capitalists are afraid to invest money because they are afraid to compete 
with Google. 

Such thinking is very short-sighted because evidence indicates that many 
advertisers, including some massive spenders such as Procter & Gamble, are very 
dissatisfied with Alphabet and Facebook. P&G’s exit from YouTube demonstrates 
that it wants out of the Facebook and Alphabet duopoly.  

There is definitely a market for new advertising technologies that can provide 
increased levels of transparency, accountability, and security. The ideal solution 
would be a solution that provides instant verification of advertising views.  

Yet the situation is so bad that less than ideal solutions might suffice. Examples of 
less than ideal solutions include applications that keep funds in escrow until views 
are verified, technologies that allow users to block ads, crowd-sourced fraud 
detection, and platforms that automatically refund money if a view is contested. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



	 30	

 

A Textbook Example of a Broken Industry 

 

 

Digital advertising has become a textbook example of a “broken industry.” It is 
rife with fraud, filled with disgruntled customers, dominated by unpopular 
monopolists, and saddled with an increasingly dysfunctional business model. 

This status quo will remind many observers of newspaper and magazine advertising 
in the 1990s. Back then, newspapers had a monopoly on small-scale advertising and 
abused it terribly. Advertisers were charged high rates based on questionable or 
fraudulent circulation figures, given few guarantees of results, and often subject to 
fraud. 

Fraudulent practices in the American newspaper industry of the 1990s included 
counting cancelled subscriptions as “circulation,” paying homeless people to 
pretend to sell newspapers on street corners, and refusal to verify subscriptions. 
Publishers engaged in those practices in order to raise advertising rates—much like 
today’s digital middlemen. 

There is a vast opportunity in digital advertising for providers of new technologies 
that can provide transparency, reduce fraud, and improve customer service. 
Companies that provide those solutions will reap large profits from an increasingly 
dysfunctional digital-advertising market.   

 

 

 

 

 

 



	 31	

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Introducing… 



	 32	

Adbank is an advertising ecosystem built upon ethereum 
(ETH), through the creation of the Adbank token ADB. The 
core services are designed to support the creation of a 
multitude of products and services in a new advertising 
space.  

Through open source technology and a publicly available 
API, Adbank’s technology and toolkit will give Adbank and 
third parties the ability to build the future of advertising. 
Through a combination of on-chain and off-chain services, 
Adbank is positioned to deliver the benefits of high-speed, 
low-latency, and high throughput technologies, as well as 
the consensus and transparency of the blockchain. 

The main products of Adbank's initial launch will concentrate 
on building a next-generation ad network with an analytics 
and an anti-fraud artificial intelligence engine. By building an 
advertising protocol, Adbank is in the unique position of 
being able to build an advertising ecosystem designed to be 
highly resistant to fraud.  

Having access to the blockchain and its inherent 
transparency and consensus while leveraging a larger 
software system, allows the creation of artificial intelligence 
with unparalleled data sources. This allows a system that can 
do a deep and wide analysis of activity on the network such 
that fraud prevention becomes part of the building blocks of 
the project. 

 

 

 

 

 

AdBank Core 

How 
Adbank 
Works 



	 33	

 

Services 

 

 

The Adbank ecosystem is built upon several layers—each with the Adbank 
token ADB at its center. Being based on the ETH blockchain, Adbank's core 
services are created as an interface between the blockchain and the other 
systems needed to fulfill the needs of the advertising platform. This allows 
products and solutions to be built in the transitional ways, easing the 
development process. 

This approach has been chosen to leverage the best features of traditional 
centralized solutions while capturing the advantages of a decentralized 
blockchain solution.  



	 34	

 

The Adbank Token 

 

The Adbank token, ADB, is the cornerstone of the new advertising economy of 
the world that the company wants to build.  

Each ADB token represents an ad or ads. Publishers sell the ads to advertisers using 
the currency of this new ad economy. This is a real-time ad bidding system. 

Advertisers would buy ADB tokens to pay to publishers. When an ad is displayed on 
a publisher site from an advertiser, an amount of ADB tokens is transferred from the 
advertiser to the publisher (see bundling comment below), based on the results of 
the automatic bidding system.  

Publishers would earn tokens for displaying ads and would be able to hold the 
tokens, redeem or use for the purchase of an analytics package. 

Transactions are bundled in such a way that the ETH blockchain is not overwhelmed 
with transactions and the individual transaction data is kept off-chain to avoid the 
cost associated with data and process on ETH. Publishers, advertisers, and any 
other organization or person on the system will also get access to optional analytics 
packages.  

  

 

  

  

 

 



	 35	

 

Insights Advertisers Can Trust 

 

 

With an ecosystem built on ETH and artificial intelligence with access to 
multiple sources of data, the ability of Adbank, as well as other third-party 
developers, to offer analytics service with deep insights is truly remarkable.  

This level of data and analytics intelligence is unprecedented. When coupled with 
the transparency and integrity of the system and its anti-fraud AI, the benefit to 
analytics users is genuine insights they can trust. 

Since the network and its economic transactions are openly available, the AI-based 
anti-fraud system is able to draw upon an unprecedented source of data for 
analysis and fraud detection. Using a variety of modules, the anti-fraud AI makes a 
determination that a series of key fraud inductors has occurred and dispatches a 
report.  

This report is reviewed by a person so that actual cases of fraud can be confirmed. 
Once this happens, the system flags a given agent on the system, such as a 
publisher or advertiser and the processes in place to address the fraud. This might 
include mediation with the bad actor to rectify the situation or the outright banning 
of the bad actor and associated accounts. 

 

 

 

 

 



	 36	

 

End-User Participation 

 

Adbank is also building a system to allow end users to participate in the 
system. Users are able to act as reviewers for the above AI generated anti-
fraud reports, allowing them to earn ADB tokens.  

Users can also buy tokens outright like any other person or organization on 
the network. 

Additionally, they will be able to download and install a web browser plugin 
that allows the suppression of ads on their favorite websites that use 
Adbank. In this case, the end user is effectively acting as any other advertiser 
as far as the publisher is concerned. However, the result is that ads are not 
displayed on their favorite sites.  

Adbank believes that this is the solution with the best chance of gaining 
widespread adoption as a micropayment digital advertising system.  

End users get to enjoy their favorite sites ad-free and publishers continue to 
earn revenue without any changes to their business systems. The end-user 
payments appear on their records as any other advertiser line item. 

 

 

 

 

 

 



	 37	

 

An Openly Available API 

 

The core modules software and databases to manage basic elements such 
as accounts for advertisers, publishers, affiliate accounts, end-user accounts, 
ad transactions and real-time bidding, payment processing, data logging and 
warehousing, analytics, antifraud, and ETH transactions.  

This, in turn, allows Adbank to make an API available for various platforms 
and devices. The API provides these cores services as a toolkit to build 
multiple products and services. 

An ad network, analytics package, and an AI anti-fraud system will be the 
first products developed by Adbank for its initial launch. The Adbank Ad 
Network will offer low fees, targeting 0% net profit with the objective of 
driving token volume and provide real-time bidding and media buying 
opportunities for advertisers and publishers. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



	 38	

 

Third-Party Development Made Easy 

 

Since the Adbank platform offers an openly available API, other ad 
networks and other third parties can develop applications in the Adbank 
ecosystem. Additionally, third parties can use the API to integrate Adbank 
services into their existing products, expanding the value of their products 
while growing the Adbank ecosystem. 

By using the Adbank API, the company is building a next-generation 
platform and products. Additionally, the company will be able to offer 
consulting and integration services, allowing anyone to use Adbank to 
manage and grow their business.  

One example of this integration would be a news organization that wants to 
build its own in-house advertising system. It would be able to hire 
developers or contractors to build an in-house solution that leverages all the 
benefits of the Adbank network and its partners. 

 

 

 

 

 

 



	 39	

 

Metadata 

 

 

The system logs data and metadata of these transactions and makes this 
available to the analytics and anti-fraud systems. The system uses artificial 
intelligence to offer unparalleled insight and fraud prevention.  

End users can participate and earn tokens by reviewing the anti-fraud 
reports and redeem these tokens or use them to pay publisher sites to 
suppress the displaying of ads on their favorite sites. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



	 40	

 

Network Flow 

 

 

 

The basic network flow is easily understood and compatible to other ad 
networks in all the aspects familiar to traditional marketers. A publisher 
creates content with advertising spots then accesses the system to ensure 
those spaces are available through the Adbank network. 

Advertisers access the system and put their ads into the system—ready to 
anticipate in the real-time bidding system. They also purchase ADB tokens or 
transfer them to their account if they have acquired them elsewhere, such as 
in the ICO sale or over an exchange if one decides to carry the token in the 
future. When the process is finished, the ad is delivered to the publisher's 
site and the system makes a payment from the advertiser to the publisher. 
When a certain threshold is reached, a bundle of transactions from an 
advertiser to a publisher is executed on the ETH network. 

 



	 41	

 

Patent Pending    
 
 

Click here to view the 48 page patent pending in its entirety: 
https://adbank.network/Adbank2017_Patentpending.pdf 
TITLE 
Detection System for Identifying Abuse and Fraud Using Artificial Intelligence 
Across a Peer-to-Peer Distributed Content or Payment Networks 

 

INVENTOR 
Chiron Bramberger, Adbank inc. 
 

ABSTRACT 
Method of detecting forms of abuse and fraud using artificial intelligence on peer-
to-peer network system is disclosed. A system is described where content or 
payment information is shared or executed across a network or series of networks. 
The networks are used to host, server, store, share, sync, and swarm content to and 
from various nodes on the network. Where some portions of these transactions 
represent legitimate transactions and behavior, others are fraudulent or abusive of 
the system itself and the contracts upon which the transactions are based or 
implied behavior is distorted, misrepresented, or manipulated. Artificial intelligence 
is used as a means to analyze the content itself, as well as metadata external to the 
content itself and content passed between nodes on the network, such that 
patterns of potentially abusive or fraudulent behavior can be deduced, learned, or 
otherwise identified by the software. These identifications can then be forwarded 
to other systems, software, or people who can then analyze the potential abuse or 
fraud and make a final determination of the activity and content matches the 
expectations of legitimate behavior. More specifically, a cryptocurrency network is 
described, where a peer-to-peer database, or more specifically, a blockchain, is 
analyzed for transactions and is compared to other sources of metadata about the 
network and transactions and artificial intelligence is used to determine if the 
transaction fit patterns of known fraudulent behavior. More specifically, an 
advertising system built upon blockchain technologies is described, whereby ads 
are hosted on the blockchain network, as well as payment information is transacted 
upon the blockchain as cryptocurrency between typical agents in the system, such 
as advertisers, ad networks, and publishers and these transactions are analyzed by 
artificial intelligence techniques to identify where potential fraud is occurring 
between the various agents. 
 



	 42	

Road Map (Timeline) 
 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
April 2017 - Opportunity to Solve Online Advertising Problem with Blockchain 
identified  
 
May 2017 - Technical and Go-to Market Strategy Developing 
 
June 2017 - Development Training Starts 
 
Oct, 2017 - Whitepaper Released 
 
Nov 2017 - Alpha Preview Released 
 
Dec 2017 – ICO launches December 14th  
 
Jan 2018 – ICO finishes on January 21st, Tokens Released following week 
 
Mar 2018 - adbank Network Ad Platform Launched 
 
May 2018 - Acquire and Convert Existing Ad Network and Drive 0% Net Profit 
to Increase Token Liquidity 
 
 



	 43	

 

Token Sale 
 

The token sale will fund the full development and adoption of the Adbank 
network. The sale began on Dec 14, 2017, and will end on January 21, 2018, or when 
the hard cap of 10,000 ETH is reached. 
 
The total supply of tokens will be 1,000,000,000. 51% of the total supply of ADB will 
be distributed during the token crowdsale. Each ADB token will be priced at 
0.00003 ETH at the start of the token sale with bonuses on a sliding scale 
depending on the period of purchase. 

Total supply: 1,000,000,000 ADB 
 
Circulating supply: 560,000,000 ADB 
 
Hard cap: 10,000 ETH 
 
Market cap: 18,666.67 ETH / $17,733,333.33 USD * 

Exchange Rate: 1 ETH = 30,000 ADB * 
 
1 ADB = 0.00003 ETH = $0.03 USD * 
 
The hard cap will be 10,000 ETH and the market capitalization of circulating supply 
at ICO price will be 18,666.67 ETH.  
 
Each ADB token will be priced at 0.00003 ETH, with bonuses on a sliding scale 
depending on the period of purchase.  
 
The sliding scale bonus is specified as follows: 
 
• 20% Bonus for the first 24 hours 
• 15% Bonus until December 22 
• 10% Bonus until December 29 
• 5% Bonus until January 5 

There will be no bonus for the final two weeks of the ICO. Tokens will be transferred 
once the token sale has ended. 
 
* exchange rate at time of publishing 

 



	 44	

 

ADB Token Allocation 

 

The total supply of ADB token available will be 1,000,000,000, of which 
51% will be allocated to the token sale. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

• 15% will go to the adbank Founding Team and will be for 3 years with 6-month cliffs. 
• 2.5% will go to adbank Early Advisors. 
• 2.5% will go towards a Bounty program.  
o 51% will be available for the token sale. 
• 29% will be reserved for 3 years with 6 month cliffs.   

 
 
 



	 45	

 

Allocation of Funds 

 

 

 
 

• Adbank Core Services Division: 40% of the budget will be allocated to the 
Adbank core services team. This will fund the creation of software development 
for the prototype and all necessary improvements in order to achieve 
mainstream adoption. 

 
• Adbank Network Acquisition & Partnership Division: 50% will be 

allocated towards the acquisition and partnership of advertising agencies to 
adopt the Adbank Network. $10 million deployed in acquisitions will push the 
Adbank token into the top 100 in terms of token trade volume. 



	 46	

 
• General Administrative Fees: 10% will be reserved to cover  

Token Sale Restrictions  
 
 

THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A PROSPECTUS OF ANY KIND. IT 
IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR INVESTMENT AND DOES NOT IN ANY WAY 
PERTAIN TO AN OFFERING OF SECURITIES IN EITHER CANADA OR THE UNITED 
STATES. CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES RESIDENTS ARE EXCLUDED FROM 
PURCHASING ANY ADBANK TOKENS DURING THE CROWDSALE. THIS 
DOCUMENT CONSTITUTES A DESCRIPTION OF THE ADBANK PLATFORM AND 
THE FUNCTIONALITY OF THE ADBANK TOKENS.  

Registration, Purchaser Eligibility & Security 
To ensure eligibility and security, all parties participating in the token sale must 
complete a registration process with Adbank. Registration can be found on the 
Adbank website at the following link: https://adbank.network/subscribe.html 
 
All purchasers wanting to participate in Adbank’s token sale must adhere to and 
be approved by Adbank’s KYC procedures, which are built upon industry 
standard secure identity best practises.  

Token Ownership 
Purchase, ownership, receipt, and/or possession of ADB tokens carries no 
rights, expressed or implied, other than the right to use such tokens as a means 
to participate, interact or transact in the Adbank network if successfully 
implemented.  
 
More specifically, ADB tokens do not represent or confer any ownership right or 
stake, share, security, or equivalent rights, or any right to receive future revenue 
shares, intellectual property rights or any other form of participation in or 
relating to Adbank and its corporate affiliates, other than any rights relating to 
the provision and receipt of services from Adbank. 
 
 
 



	 47	

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Team  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

The  
Team 



	 48	

 

 

Jon Gillham 
Founder & CEO 
 

 
Jon has co-founded a successful digital asset 
acquisition firm and has over 10 years of 
digital marketing experience. With over 
6,000 advertising websites owned, Jon’s 
experience has made him a master of scaling 
businesses and kept him in tune with the 
struggles from both advertisers and 
publishers in the digital media space.  

Prior to becoming an entrepreneur, Jon was a Project Manager 
at Exxon Mobil (Imperial Oil) with a background in mechanical 
engineering.  

 

 
Chiron Bramberger 
Co-Founder & CTO 
 

Prior to entering the blockchain space, Chiron 
has had over 17 years of experience deploying 
tech-focused client solution 
implementations, including work with 
Fortune 100 companies, developing 
portfolios valued over $2,000,000, creating 
General Motors’ first fully integrated vertical-
marketing software, and working as director 
of technology and web development for a 

number of successful companies. His previous clients include 
Toyota, Google, NASA, FBI, and Groupon, among others.  

Chiron is highly experienced with the following tech: Unix, 
Linux, Windows, Mac OS X, SQL, SEO, CVS, SVN, GIT, Mercurial, 
Electronic Engineering, CNC / CAD / CAM. Development: C, 
C++, Objective-C, iOS, PHP, Java, .Net, ASP, ActionScript, 
MySQL, Python, Ruby, HTML/XHTML/CSS/AJAX, JavaScript, 
jQuery, RFC, Web Apps, Mobile Apps, AWS, OpenStack, Visual 
Basic, Fortran, COBOL, 6502 Assembler, Neural Networks 
Training, and SR&ED. 

Executive 
Team 
	



	 49	

Kelsey Cole 
Co-Founder & CBO 

As our Chief Brand Officer, Kelsey is responsible for our brand’s 
overall image, experience and promise, overseeing marketing, 
advertising, design, and public relations. Prior to co-founding 
Adbank, Kelsey was head of Public Relations at Revlon and was 
named one of the Top 30 under 30 by both Marketing 
Magazine and Public Relations in Canada.  

As the owner of Multivitamin Media, Kelsey has launched 
numerous brands throughout her career, including Bill Tai and 

Richard Branson’s Extreme Tech Challenge. Additionally, her brand work includes 
L’Oreal, Garnier, Red Bull, Juicy Fruit, Tesla, and TIFF. 

Leon Pereira 
Co-Founder & CCO 

As our Chief Community Officer, Leon is responsible for support 
to a wide range of stakeholders including employees, 
shareholders, influencers, the Adbank and crypto communities, 
and the wider public. Leon oversees the overall strategy and 
execution of customer service and community management.  

Adbank isn’t Leon’s first time co-founding a successful business. 
Known as “The Godfather of Ripple,” Leon cofounded the XRP 
Exchange, Vietnam’s first exchange for buying and selling 

Ripple, the world’s third largest crypto currency.  

 

Angelo Dodaro 
Co-Founder & CMO 

Angelo brings an advertiser’s perspective to the team as a 
successful marketing agency owner (Multivitamin Media) with 
experience personally running campaigns generating tens of 
millions of dollars for his clients in competitive industries. His 
work as a creative marketer led him to help Tesla Motors create 
digital assets for their launch of the Model X in Canada as well 
as collaborating with esteemed publishers like Elle Magazine 
and Canadian Living.  

Angelo is responsible for Adbank brand management, marketing communications 
in advertising and PR, market research, sales management, product development, 
distribution channel management, pricing, and customer service.  



	 50	

 
 agency. Additionally, he is an award-winning social media writer with 3x Top 25 
Blogs on Social Media Examiner. In his spare time, Angelo is also an a 

Support Team 
 

 
Himanshu Pandey 
Lead Developer 
Senior Blockchain Developer, Architect 

Himanshu is a blockchain developer with expertise in ethereum, bitcoin, and smart 
contracts. He is an expert in building innovative decentralized applications and core 
solutions on the blockchain while also promoting transparency, accountability, 
security, and collaboration. 

 

William Carrol  
UX / UI Designer 

William is a passionate artist who is riveted by all things design. William oversees 
the design for the Adbank platform and user dashboard.  

 

Narcis Bejtic  
Industry Outreach Coordinator 

Narcis handles all token purchase coordination, SAFT agreements, accounts 
receivable and payable and oversees all administrative duties at Adbank. While he 
stays behind the scenes by choice, he’s one of the people truly running the show. 

 

Natalie Slaven, CPA 
Office Manager 

Natalie keeps the executive team organized and the office running. A financial 
analyst with CPA designation, Natalie is bringing her organizational skills from the 
corporate technology world to the start-up world.  



	 51	

Brian Park  
Director of Business Development 

Brian works closely with the executive team to bring new token holders and 
strategic partnerships to the table. Brian is a CPA with broad experience across 
corporate, mid-size and start-ups out west in his hometown of Calgary, Alberta.  

 

Rahul Singh                                                                      
Smart Contract Security Expert 

Rahul has expertise in Ethereum, Bitcoin, writing smart contracts and providing end 
to end ICO solutions on the blockchain. 

 

Shikhar Srivastava 
Smart Contract Developer 

Shikhar has expertise in ICO development, writing and auditing Smart Contracts for 
token development and implementing blockchain wallet technology on iOS and 
Android platforms.  

 
 

Malaya Tripathi 
Full Stack Developer & Server Security 

Malaya is an experienced developer in Solidity, Malaya has worked on multiple 
projects that include creating ICO Smart Contracts, cryptocurrency wallets and a 
cryptocurrency exchange platform. 

 

Ravi Arya                                                                                                                                                                        
Full Stack Blockchain Developer / Security 

With over 9 years of experience in information technology, Ravi brings exceptional 
expertise as a senior member of the development team with a special focus on 
security.  

 



	 52	

 

Advisory Board 

 

Richard Baker 
Legal Advisor 
President of New England Intellectual Property  
 
A Harvard University graduate, Richard is a tough, honest leader driven to deliver 
creative, intellectual solutions to problems facing corporate and governmental 
organizations. His specialties are patent pendings, licensing, intellectual property, 
international experience, engineering management, municipal finance, union 
negotiation, and government regulation. 

 

Rosalyn Foltz 
Security Advisor 
President of ManageIT Security 
 
Rosalyn has over eight years of experience as an online security specialist and 
provides cybersecurity consulting services to federal and private sector clients. Her 
core competencies include Security Assessment & Accreditation (A&A), Standards, 
Compliance, and Governance, Security Policy & Procedures Development, Security 
Awareness & Training, Risk Management Framework Incident Management, 
Continuous Monitoring, Cloud Security, and Third-Party Vendor Assessments.  

 

Daniel Shapiro, PhD 
Tech Advisor 
Co-Founder & CTO at Lemay Solutions Consulting Inc.  
 
Daniel is a driven CTO with a broad background in high tech research, development, 
commercialization, and value creation. Has expertise in building startups with 
software and hardware products, people management, project planning, and 
government grants. With 27 publications, 16 awards, and four certifications, Daniel’s 
knowledge in technology is extensive. 

 



	 53	

Robert Lendvai 
Marketing & Tech Advisor 
Chief Marketing Officer at Flixel Photos Inc  
 
Robert leads the creation, implementation, and execution of solutions-driven global 
marketing programs and strategic corporate projects. He is an expert in social 
media, integrated marketing plans, value proposition and messaging, executive, 
corporate and product communication, global marketing and launches, media and 
investor relations, product evangelism, direct marketing and metrics tracking, 
product branding, naming and packaging, and startup marketing.  

 
 

Giovanni Lesna 
Financial & Cryptocurrency Expert 
Banking Risk Professional & Fintech Entrepreneur at Hedge Token 
 
Giovanni’s passion in the financial markets, international business, and disruptive 
technologies, such as blockchain, crypto and Fintech has allowed him to become 
the expert he is today. He is a Financial Product Specialist in mutual funds. Giovanni 
has accumulated extensive consulting experience in Blockchain and credit and risk 
industry analysis. His specialties include maintaining up-to-date market knowledge 
and providing expertise on investment strategies.  

 
 

Kent Koren 
Marketing Advisor 
Creative Director at VaynerMedia 
 
As a Creative Director, Kent has led accounts such as Verizon, Chase, Capital One, 
and AT&T. Working with designers, artists, copywriters, sales teams, and marketers, 
he is an expert at branding, advertising campaigns, analyzing trends, 
communicating with corporate heads, and developing very successful campaigns at 
VaynerMedia.  

 

 
 
 



	 54	

 
 

Nicholas Kusmich 
Digital Advertising Advisor 
Director & Chief Strategist at NicholasKusmich.com 
 
Nicholas works with A-List clients and is an expert in helping high-growth 
companies (between $10 million and $50 million in revenue) scale new client and 
customer acquisitions using Facebook advertising. In addition, he is an international 
speaker, the Founder of the H2H Media Group and the League of Extra Ordinary 
Facebook Marketers, and creator of The Art of Lead Generation. Most notably, 
Nicholas is the World’s leading Facebook Advertising Strategist and has a reputation 
for having the highest ROIs in the industry.  

 
 
 

Trevor Koverko 
Financial & Tech Advisor 
CEO at Polymath 
 
Trevor is an entrepreneur who has launched numerous successful 
companies, including his current ICO launch, Polymath. He is an avid investor 
and was one of the most active angel investors in Canada with positions in 
Shapeshift.io, Luminex and Royalty Exchange, among several others. As a 
leading seed investor in the bitcoin and blockchain space, Trevor was also an 
original advisor and investor to the ethereum project.  
 
 

 

 

 

 



	 55	

 

Contact Us 

 

 

 
 

 
 
 
Join the conversation! 
           

                                                     
 
  

Get in Touch 
 

 
hello@adbank.network                        1-833-ADBANK1 

 
 

 
 1 First Street Suite - Collingwood, Ontario, CANADA, L9Y 1A1 

Contribute to the ICO 
	



	 56	

 

 

The  
End.  
 


