























 

White Paper 

 
 
 

Building a Decentralized 
Ecosystem 

▲ Foundation Series 

By: Gabriel Dusil, Co-founder & Board Member, Adel 
 Michal Vavrek, Founder & Board Member, Adel 

Abstract 

In this white paper, we discuss the phased rollout of Adel's ecosystem. 
The first phase includes the launch of Adel through an initial coin 
offering (ICO). Phases two and three will focus on building and 
managing the community. 

Creating the Foundation 
ICO Process 

Phase 1 ▲ Community 
Phase 2 ▲ Projects 
Phase 3 ▲ Execution 

Bitcoin Repository 
ICO Example 

Legend 
Interpretation 
Notes 

 



 

Creating the Foundation 

Adel is a new cryptocurrency system and global community that is self-
sustaining and operates within its own macroeconomic ecosystem. This 
ecosystem will maintain its fiat independence through the use of 
Adelphoi1. It will also have the ability to trade with other economies.  

 

The Adel ecosystem will consist of three phases. Phase one will build 
the community portion of the ecosystem by creating the Account 
Module of the community portal and includes the first initial coin 
offering (ICO) round. Phase two will begin after the first ICO round and 
will focus on developing the community portal: Forum, Voting, Project 
Dashboard, and Trading Modules. Phase three will focus on operating 
and managing the projects and converting them into successful 
solutions that will benefit the entire community. 

 

ICO Process 

Adel will have three rounds of ICOs to ensure a controlled deployment 
of funds as various projects are introduced to the community. This 



 

ensures a focus on planning rather than pure capital collection. Adel 
also wants to further ensure that no single person or small group will 
be able to dominate the community. A diverse set of stakeholders will 
guarantee a more democratic outcome as voting will be distributed 
amongst a greater number of stakeholders. Moreover, this will create 
confidence in early ICO participants who will be supportive of the 
values established by Adel. 

There will be a total of 100 million non-mineable Adelphoi (ADL) coins 
available in the Adel ecosystem:  
▲ 85 million ADL will be distributed through 3 rounds of an Initial 

Coin Offering (ICO). 
▲ 15 million ADL will be distributed amongst Adel Ecosystem Ltd. 

From this amount, 5 million Adelphoi will be released at each 
round of the ICO. This will ensure transparency and long-term 
commitment from Adel Ecosystem Ltd. 

During the first ICO round, funds in BTC will be immediately placed into 
Adel’s escrow storage – an offline repository residing in a BitGo2 
account. ShapeShift and Changelly will be actively supported for ICO 
collection as they are the market leaders in instant digital currency 
conversion. Both ShapeShift and Changelly are used to easily convert 
cryptocurrencies from one to another. Any participant of the ICO will 
have to identify themselves to meet minimum Anti-Money Laundering 
(AML), Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF) and Know your Customer 
(KYC) requirements. 

Phase 1 ▲ Community 

Initial Coin Offering ▲ 1st Round ▲ 33,333,333 ADL 

Adel will build the foundation of the community during this phase. This 
phase includes activities up to, and including, the first ICO round. This 
includes the website, key marketing materials, white papers, corporate 
branding guidelines, and a showcase of the unique features of the Adel 
ecosystem. Phase one establishes the structure of the Adel Board, as 
well as the senior management team and staff members who will be 
instrumental in building Adel’s foundation. This consists of marketing 
specialists, blockchain developers, and cryptocurrency experts. 

The first ICO round will be open for one month during the month of May 
2017. A minimum contribution is required to become a stakeholder in 
this round (refer to the Adel ICO Round 1 announcement for this 
minimum). The ICO will be open to most of the available 

https://www.bitgo.com/


 

cryptocurrencies. The cryptocurrencies collected will be automatically 
exchanged for Bitcoin via ShapeShift or Changelly. Tokens not accepted 
by these exchanges will not be accepted in the ICO. After the first ICO 
round, the total amount will be proportionally calculated and 
exchanged for 28,333,333 units of Adelphoi and distributed to each 
Adel stakeholder. An additional five million Adelphoi will then be 
allocated to Adel Ecosystem Ltd. 

There will be five stages for stakeholders to earn different bonus 
percentages for their BTC and tokens converted by ShapeShift or 
Changelly. This bonus refers to the amount of Adelphoi the stakeholder 
will receive, and will be directly proportional to their voting power in the 
community: 
▲ 20% bonus in ADL ▲First 3 days ▲12:00 noon UTC on May 1st till 

23:59 UTC on May 3rd 
▲ 15% bonus in ADL ▲ Next seven days ▲ 00:00 UTC on May 4th 

till 23:59 UTC on May 10th) 
▲ 10% bonus in ADL ▲ Next seven days ▲ 00:00 UTC on May 11th 

till 23:59 UTC on May 17th) 
▲ 5% bonus in ADL ▲ Next seven days ▲ 00:00 UTC on May 18th 

till 23:59 UTC on May 24th) 
▲ 0% bonus ▲ Last seven days ▲ 00:00 UTC on May 25th till 23:59 

UTC on May 31st) 
▲ 15% bonus in ADL ▲ Special bonus for contributions of over 20 

BTC ▲ Stakeholders who exceed this minimum will receive an 
automatic bonus of 15% no matter when they submitted their 
first contribution. 

Stakeholders will be able to keep their bonus should they decide to 
increase their contribution within the following weeks of the ICO. For 
example, in the following infographic, if a stakeholder contributes over 
1 BTC during the second stage, then they will continue to receive a 15% 
bonus even if they increased their contribution during the fourth stage 
of the ICO. 



 

 

Prior to the ICO Adel will establish a total minimum amount of funds 
received by contributors of the ICO (refer to Adel’s FAQ at 
www.adelphoi.io). In the event that this minimum contribution is not 
reached, there will be a vote conducted amongst the community 
members as to whether Adel will continue.  

The following materials and applications will be released during this 
phase: 
▲ The homepage, which will introduce Adel to the cryptocurrency 

community and the world at large. It will also outline Adel's core 
values. Our home page will showcase the initial round of green-lit 
projects, showing a top-level overview, along with their unique 
technical and business solutions. A series of white papers, 
including this one, will describe our unique approach to 
community-based projects. Other white papers will describe our 
policies, procedures, and underlying technologies and 
philosophies that fuel our ecosystem.  

▲ The Adel Community Portal will be an extranet portal used to view 
all of the community's confidential activities. It will include 
detailed guidelines for project submissions, as well as a landing 
page. 

▲ The status of each community member’s contributions will be 
displayed in real time in the Account Module. Each community 
member will be able to see the status of their ADL balance in this 
module. 

http://www.adelphoi.io/


 

Phase 2 ▲ Projects 

Initial Coin Offering ▲ 2nd Round ▲ 33,333,333 ADL 

Adel’s second phase will begin as soon as the first ICO window has 
closed and will run until the 2nd ICO. 

The following materials and applications will be released shortly after 
the first ICO: 
▲ The Collaboration Module will be the social media platform using 

third-party services where community members can discuss 
projects and direct their questions to the project managers and 
the Project Review Committee. Adel will nominate the members 
of the Project Review Committee who will evaluate ideas, and 
develop business plans, before they are submitted to the 
community vote, as well as participate on forums to discuss 
ongoing projects with the community. 

▲ The Voting Module will be created for community members to 
vote on projects and other key decisions. 

▲ The initial deployment of the Trading Module will allow 
community members to easily trade their Adelphoi with other 
community members. 

▲ The Project Module will also be released during this phase and 
will contain detailed information on the operations of each 
project. Postings and overall content will be owned by the project 
managers. Adel will redistribute success back to community 
members. 

▲ A Market Module will be used to post job descriptions, and for 
members to submit their resume to any available position. This 
module will also list products and services that are available from 
any project, with favorable conditions for community members. 

This phase will further establish the foundation for Adel project 
submission, approval, marketing, and ongoing operations. Projects 
involving technological innovation can have either a global or regional 
reach. They may participate in, but would not be limited to, Business to 
Business (B2B), Business to Consumer (B2C), or even Business to 
Government (B2G) environments. Projects will be funded with the funds 
raised through three rounds of ICO, as well as from future project 
profits or exits. 

A new licensed legal entity will be established as the vehicle for pooled 
community investments into community-profit participation in projects. 
This entity will issue shares called Adelshares (ADS). These will be 
tokenized on the blockchain as the Adelshare (ADS). Adelshares will be 
purchased only with the Adelphoi coin. When this new legal entity is 
registered, participants will be offered the opportunity to purchase ADS 



 

with their ADL, to establish profit participation in community-approved 
projects. ADS allow its holder a respective profit share on the basis of 
one unit per ADS. Any reward payment will be paid out to shareholders 
in ADL.3 

First round ICO participants will be offered preferred conditions when 
purchasing Adelphoi in subsequent rounds. Each ICO round will be 
associated with innovative projects that will be funded by capital raised 
by their respective ICO. 

Phase 3 ▲ Execution 

Initial Coin Offering ▲ 3rd Round ▲ 33,333,333 ADL 

Adel will focus on expansion and other improvements that are in line 
with Adel’s core values during this phase. Thus, Adel will evaluate the 
opening of offices in new regions around the globe with due diligence 
and a justified business case. Adel will select the most qualified 
representatives and management from its community members for 
regional offices and projects in those regions. 

Bitcoin Repository 

Adel will utilize a BitGo account to collect funds for Adel Ecosystem Ltd. 
ICO funds will be collected in escrow and will require five out of six 
signatories to approve the release of funds. These signatories comprise 
of three Adel Board members and three external and independent 
parties, well-known in the crypto community. The funds will be released 
in a phased manner as follows: 
▲ 270 BTC escrow funds will be released shortly after the ICO (1st 

of June 2017) to continue paying developers, legal services, 
support costs. These funds will be used for building the 
community portal and its modules, and launching the second 
phase of Adel Accelerator Ltd, and its Adelshare (ADS) token. 

▲ Once the ICO is closed, then ADL coins will be distributed to ICO 
participants, and their balance will be visible in the community’s 
account module. Participants contributing over 1 BTC during the 
ICO will be invited to become a community member, and 
depending on their ADL balance additional identification details 
will be collected in order to meet Anti-Money Laundering (AML), 



 

Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF) and Know your Customer 
(KYC) requirements. 

▲ Selected external exchanges will be contacted prior to the end of 
the ICO for members to trade their ADL afterwards. 

▲ The remaining funds over 270 BTC will be released to Adel 
Ecosystem Ltd. only after the fund license is granted, and the 
new legal entity which establishes the ADS token is established. 

ICO Example 

 



 

Legend 

▲ ADL = Adelphoi 
▲ BTC = Bitcoins 
▲ Stkhldr = Stakeholder = any participant holding any amount of 

Adelphoi  

Interpretation 

▲ In this example, 33,333,333 ADL coins will trade based on a 
starting value of 0.890 US$ per Adelphoi (ADL). 

▲ Stakeholder A.2 (in the example above) with 40 bitcoins 
contributed receives a 15% voting influence bonus, equal to an 
“effective” bonus of 6 BTC which translates to 15% increase in 
ADL. 

▲ At the end of the 1st ICO, A.2 participant (in the example above) 
stakeholder’s voting influence is calculated at 0.149% 

▲ Stakeholder A.2's ICO round one amount of ADL in their account 
will be 42,279.116 ADL. 

Notes 

▲ The Adelphoi value will be established at the end of the first ICO 
round. 

▲ 28,333,333 coins will be issued to stakeholders. 5,000,000 will be 
reserved for Adel Ecosystem Ltd. 

▲ Those who have contributed a minimum of 1 BTC equivalent in 
Adelphoi will be invited to the community. After the ICO this 
minimum will be increased to 64000 in ADL. This is to mitigate 
the creation of multiple accounts, as well as to provide a clearer 
voice for those who have a significant stake in the ecosystem. 

About Adel 

Adel is a community incubator for blockchain innovation. 
▲ Adel is a global cryptocurrency community that is self-sustaining 

and offers its own economic ecosystem with the Adelphoi coin. 

https://www.adelphoi.io/


 

Our community focuses on creating, developing, and 
implementing use cases involving blockchain technology that 
covers a wide range of digital and physical industries. Projects 
are chosen by the community and successful ventures are either 
re-invested in for further growth or issued as rewards to Adel's 
stakeholders. 

About the Authors 

Gabriel Dusil 

Gabriel is a seasoned sales and marketing expert with over twenty 
years of experience in senior level positions at companies such as 
Motorola, VeriSign (acquired by Symantec in 2010), and SecureWorks 
(acquired by Dell in 2011), and Cognitive Security (acquired by Cisco in 
2013). His strengths lie in international business development and 
strategic partnerships, as well as the unique ability to translate complex 
ideas and technologies into language that decision makers can easily 
understand. Gabriel has a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering Physics 
from McMaster University in Canada and possesses expert knowledge 
in blockchain incubation, cloud computing, IT security, and video 
streaming technologies (Over the Top Content, OTT). Gabriel also runs 
his own company, Euro Tech Startups s.r.o., and manages his 
professional blog at https://dusil.com. 

Michal Vavrek 

Michal is an entrepreneur with international experience specializing in 
global business development and project management. He graduated 
from Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business with a degree in 
Finance and International Business and worked in various capacities in 
New York, Zurich and Prague. Michal is an active cryptocurrency 
entrepreneur with an extensive background in Forex algorithmic trading 
strategies and is always seeking new opportunities that maximize 
blockchain technologies. 

References 

http://eurostartups.tech/
https://dusil.com/


 

1 The token for Adel is called "Adelphoi". The word originates from 
Ancient Greek meaning brotherhood, or a member of the same 
community. 
2 https://www.bitgo.com/ 
3 This plan is subject to change, based on the type of fund license that 
will be established, and the jurisdiction where this entity will reside. 

                                                   



 

White Paper 

  

An Incubator for 
Blockchain Technology 

▲ Foundation Series 

By: Gabriel Dusil, Co-founder & Board Member, Adel 
 Michal Vavrek, Founder & Board Member, Adel 

Abstract 
This paper provides an overview of Adel and its ecosystem. We outline 
how the community can interact with Adel's staff, as well as activities 
surrounding project submission, approvals, and operations. 

Adel Ecosystem 
Projects 
Redistribution 
Interaction 
Approvals 
Signatories 
Voting 

 



 

Adel Ecosystem 

Projects 
Adel structures its projects into two main pillars: a) projects introduced 
by Adel's Research & Development team (Adel R&D), and b) 
submissions from community members, called "Innovators". Our goal is 
to find new market niches that possess unique competitive advantages 
in selected target markets, as well as global potential for high returns. 
▲ Technology ▲ These projects will cross a wide spectrum of 

industries such as finance, banking, insurance, healthcare, 
egovernment, manufacturing, and numerous others, all with an 
emphasis on streamlined business strategies. 

▲ Innovation ▲ IT projects will represent applications from a 
number of fields including, but not limited to: big data analytics, 
blockchain, business intelligence, IT security, cloud-based 
services, and other innovative technologies within these 
Information and Communications Technology (ICT) industries. 
Projects will preferably be of global character while reaching for, 
and consisting of, a broad range of innovative solutions. 

Projects can assume different forms based on whether the submitters 
want to keep the idea to themselves during the developmental stage, 
or release the idea to the community before the community votes on 
the proposal. This ensures that innovative projects continue to be 
launched, while minimizing the threat of competitors copying the idea.  

Every project is submitted to the community, which then decides 
whether to agree or disagree on funding the project with community 
funds. 
▲ Community Projects ▲ Community projects will be developed by 

Adel’s R&D team and will contain the relevant documentation 
necessary to develop the idea into a business. If a project is 
approved, then funding will be provided by communally-available 
funds from the various stages of the ICO. Once the project is 
operational, funding from the success of the project will also be 
available to other projects, provided they are approved by the 
community. The sale of the project, as well as its returns, will be 
distributed to all members of the community according to the 
level of their participation and the amount of Adelphoi they hold.  

▲ Group Projects ▲ These are projects that have not received a 
majority vote. If this should happen, then a community minority 
that supports a given project can still green-light it. This way, 
community members don’t have to agree on every single project 
in order to receive a portion of the rewards. However, if a select 
number of community members have higher confidence in a 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_and_communications_technology


 

project’s success, then they can become funders and receive a 
bigger portion of the rewards. The interested community minority 
will be required to use their own Adelphoi for these projects.  

▲ Innovator Projects ▲ These are projects introduced by members 
of the communityi and submitted to the Project Review 
Committee for review. Innovator projects come from community 
members who want to propose their own ideas and have them 
funded.  Innovator projects can be funded by a majority of the 
community (thus becoming a Community Innovator Project), or by 
a minority of the community (thus becoming a Group Innovator 
Project).  

 

Community vs. Group vs. Innovator Projects 

As per the above illustration, community and group projects are 
segmented into four distinct categories, depending on how the 
community votes: 
▲ Community Projects ▲ Innovation comes from Adel's R&D team 

▲ These projects have been approved by a majority of the 
community. 
Funding ▲ 100% community funded 
Rewards ▲ 70% to the community ▲ 30% for Adel Ecosystem Ltd.  
 

▲ Community Innovator Projects ▲ Innovation comes from a 
community member who wants their idea to be kept secret. For 
projects like these, the community member is designated the 



 

"innovator". These projects have been approved by a community 
majority. 
Funding ▲ 100% community funded 
Rewards ▲ x% to the innovator ▲ 70%-x% to the community ▲ 30% 
for Adel Ecosystem Ltd. 
 

▲ Group Projects ▲ Idea comes from Adel's R&D team. These 
projects have been declined by a majority of the community, but 
approved by a selection of minority members who raise the 
necessary capital to launch the project. 
Funding ▲ 100% group funded 
Rewards ▲ 70% to the group ▲ 30% for Adel Ecosystem Ltd. 
 

▲ Group Innovator Projects ▲ Idea comes from an innovator 
(community member) who wants their idea to remain a secret. 
These projects have been declined by the community majority but 
approved by a selection of minority members who raise the 
necessary capital to launch the project. 
Funding ▲ 100% group funded 
Rewards ▲ x% to the innovator ▲ 70%-x% to the community ▲ 30% 
for Adel Ecosystem Ltd. 

Redistribution 
In order to keep the community funded, rewards from successful 
projects will be relocated back to the community or distributed directly 
to community members. 

Use of ICO funds will be distributed as follows: 
▲ A minimum of 70% will be used to fund projects launched on 

Adel. 
▲ A maximum of 30% will be allocated for Adel Ecosystem Ltd. to 

grow the community as deemed necessary. 

Project rewards or exits will be redistributed to community members as 
follows: 
▲ A minimum of 70% will be distributed to Adel community 

members. 
▲ A maximum of 30% will be reallocated to the Adel Ecosystem 

Ltd. for project funding, operations and management. 

Project rewards or exits for the purpose of reallocation to other projects 
will be done as follows: 
▲ A minimum of 70% will be used for community projects as 

agreed upon by a community vote. 



 

▲ A maximum of 30% will be allocated to Adel Ecosystem Ltd. for 
growing the community as deemed necessary. 

An exit from any project will be agreed upon by a community vote. This 
may include, but would not be limited to, an acquisition or sale by an 
external party or discontinuation of the specific project. 

Interaction 
Projects will have various outreach channels throughout Adel's 
community: 
▲ Homepage ▲ Each project will have its own web page outlining 

the top-level details of the project. This will include an overview of 
the project, its unique value proposition, associated market 
research, the competitive landscape, and launch plans. 

▲ Community Portal (members only) ▲ This portal will include a 
page with guidelines regarding the structure of project 
submissions. This ensures consistency of quality and will be 
structured so that projects can be effectively reviewed by the 
Project Review Committee. Only community members who hold 
more than the minimum amount of Adelphoi will have access to 
the Community Portal. This will minimize submission spam as 
only serious submitters will take the time to follow the submission 
guidelines. Submissions that do not adhere to the guidelines will 
be returned in order to solicit further details. The submitter’s idea 
will remain confidential, under non-disclosure guidelines, ensuring 
that innovative ideas will have the opportunity to be evaluated 
without fear of a competitor copying the idea early in the 
project’s development stage. If approved by the Project Review 
Committee, then the project will be submitted to the community 
for approval. 

▲ Voting Module (members only) ▲ A voting module will be 
established for all members of the community to facilitate voting 
on projects and other key community decisions. The influence of 
each vote will be based on the weight of Adelphoi coins held by a 
given member on the date and time of the voting deadline. 

▲ Collaboration Module (members only) ▲ This module will be 
established for forum discussions, blogs and message boards. 
Community members will agree to forum guidelines. Community-
selected forum administrators will monitor the forum to prevent 
trolling and other modes of forum abuse. 

▲ Project Module (members only) ▲ This module will be set up so 
that each project will have a page to update the community on 
its status. This will include, but will not be limited to: operational 
activities, financial statements, and management assessment. 



 

Approvals 
Business plans for each project will first be submitted to the Project 
Review Committee for evaluation. This committee will then decide 
whether the project is suitable for a community vote. 
▲ Submission & Review ▲ The Project Review Committee will 

consist of selected Adel staff, venture capital funding experts, 
internal advisors, and community representatives. This step will 
include a question and answer stage with the submitter, as well 
as any necessary requests for further project details to facilitate 
making a final decision. A formal presentation of the project via 
video conference may also be requested. This step is important in 
order to eliminate projects that could potentially damage the 
Adel brand, as well as the values that both the Adel community 
and Adel philosophy represent. 

▲ Approve & Improve ▲ Once a project is accepted by the Project 
Review Committee, it will be released to the community for 
approval. The community will then vote to either green-light the 
project or not. If the project is declined by the majority of the 
community, it will then be voted on as a Group Project. This 
means that the community will still have an opportunity to 
support the project and, in this way, get a larger portion of the 
benefits. If the project does not garner enough support, it will be 
rejected. The Collaboration Module will be available for 
comments, suggestions, and improvements to the projects.  

▲ Opportunity & Expertise ▲ When a Group Project is approved by 
the community, specialized positions will be offered internally to 
community members before soliciting outside specialists. A 
community member may present their relevant skills to the 
project at this time and will undergo an interview process and 
candidate evaluation stage. If approved, then they would be hired 
and paid for their work. Opportunities to participate will be 
available to all community members who want to be involved. 

▲ Launch & Operations ▲ Once a project and its business plan 
have been approved, the execution plan for each project will be 
created jointly by the submitter of the project and the Project 
Review Committee. Budgets, milestones, timelines and deadlines, 
and progress and achievement markers will be reported to the 
entire community in the Project Module. In special cases, the 
community may decide to start or further fund a large-scale 
project by using traditional institutional financing alongside Adel 
funds. Project plans will be created and updated on an ongoing 
basis depending on project evolution, cash flow availability, and 
project operations. 

▲ Rewards ▲ Once a project is successful and reaches its targets, 
or if the project is sold, then the distribution of rewards will be 
divided among all stakeholders according to the proportion of 



 

their Adelshare (ADS) purchases. These rewards will be 
distributed back to stakeholders in ADL. 

Signatories 
The Adel Board consists of three board members. All transactions from 
the BTC wallet will need to be approved by the Adel Board as 
signatories. All three are required to be in agreement in order to 
approve transactions. The Adel Community Portal contains a queue that 
collects three signed signatory approvals which are verified by each of 
the signatory’s public keys. Once three approvals have been received in 
the workflow queue, the transaction will be approved and funds will be 
released. 
▲ Signatory Replacement ▲ In the event of resignation, serious 

illness, or the death of a signatory, the Adel Board shall appoint a 
new signatory. 

Project, operation, and finance managers will collectively approve 
transactions from the hot wallet. Separation of duties, IT security 
measures, and a secure workflow procedure will be implemented to 
ensure hot wallet transaction integrity. 

Voting 
Community members will participate in voting on major decisions that 
affect the community, the approval of projects, and additional funds 
required for an approved project. Community members also have the 
option to offer their skills in the operation or execution of a project and 
be rewarded for it in BTC or any other token the community member 
desires and the project manager is willing to use. 
▲ Voting Weight ▲ The weight of community votes will be directly 

proportionate to the amount of ADL coins that the members have 
in their account at the end of the voting deadline. 

▲ Voting Statistics ▲ The board will exercise management oversight 
by having visibility into voting statistics during active voting. This 
oversight will include (but not be limited to) voters who have the 
highest percentage of voting influence. Statistics will also show 
the percentage of voters compared to the total member count 
and will be displayed on a time graph. This will serve to monitor 
voter distribution and the overall democratic influence on the 
voting decision. 

▲ Voting Majority ▲ Adel will calculate how many Adelphoi are in 
the hands of each stakeholder in order to establish their voting 
weight. The voting tally is based on the percentage of total voters 
weighed against the Adelphoi tokens they hold and not on the 



 

number of voters. Therefore, a voter with one hundred ADL will 
possess 50x more influence on a vote compared to a voter with 
two ADL. If the minimum voting threshold is not established, then 
the vote may be open for another 24 hours, giving the remainder 
of the community a chance to vote. After this time, regardless of 
the number of votes, the result will be tallied from those who've 
voted. 

▲ Voting Results ▲ The final tally will not be visible until voting is 
completed.  All votes will be added to Adel's voting blockchain in 
a batch process at the end of the vote. This will prevent any 
potential attackers from trying to manipulate the outcome. 

About Adel 

Adel is a community incubator for blockchain innovation. 
▲ Adel is a global cryptocurrency community that is self-sustaining 

and offers its own economic ecosystem with the Adelphoi coin. 
Our community focuses on creating, developing, and 
implementing use cases involving blockchain technology that 
covers a wide range of digital and physical industries. Projects 
are chosen by the community and successful ventures are either 
re-invested in for further growth or issued as rewards to Adel's 
stakeholders. 

About the Authors 

Gabriel Dusil 

Gabriel is a seasoned sales and marketing expert with over twenty 
years of experience in senior level positions at companies such as 
Motorola, VeriSign (acquired by Symantec in 2010), and SecureWorks 
(acquired by Dell in 2011), and Cognitive Security (acquired by Cisco in 
2013). His strengths lie in international business development and 
strategic partnerships, as well as the unique ability to translate complex 
ideas and technologies into language that decision makers can easily 
understand. Gabriel has a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering Physics 
from McMaster University in Canada and possesses expert knowledge 
in blockchain incubation, cloud computing, IT security, and video 
streaming technologies (Over the Top Content, OTT). Gabriel also runs 
his own company, Euro Tech Startups s.r.o., and manages his 
professional blog at https://dusil.com. 

https://www.adelphoi.io/
http://eurostartups.tech/
https://dusil.com/


 

Michal Vavrek 

Michal is an entrepreneur with international experience specializing in 
global business development and project management. He graduated 
from Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business with a degree in 
Finance and International Business and worked in various capacities in 
New York, Zurich and Prague. Michal is an active cryptocurrency 
entrepreneur with an extensive background in Forex algorithmic trading 
strategies and is always seeking new opportunities that maximize 
blockchain technologies. 

References 

▲ i  Conflict of Interest Provisions ▲ To avoid conflict of interest, 
Adel R&D team members cannot take the route of an Innovator 
Project. 

                                                   



 

White Paper 

  
 

Responsibilities in a 
Crypto-economy 

▲ Foundation Series 

By: Gabriel Dusil, Co-founder & Board Member, Adel 
 Michal Vavrek, Founder & Board Member, Adel 

Abstract 

Adel is a community where every member is connected through ADL 
coin participation and voting. This paper outlines the roles and 
responsibilities of community participants, including its members, 
project managers and Adel's leadership. 

Responsibilities 

Roles 
Stakeholder 
Leadership 
Project Review 
Committee 
Project Managers 
Commitment 

 



 

Responsibilities 

Adel is a community where every member is connected through 
personal and funding participation. This paper outlines the roles and 
responsibilities of the community's participants, including stakeholders, 
project managers and Adel's leadership team. 

Roles 
▲ Leadership ▲ The Adel Board will serve as a business advisory 

body for individual use cases throughout the entire project life 
cycle. Expert consultations from community members will 
always be welcomed. 

▲ Decision ▲ Authority to enact final decisions on strategic 
activities and major fund allocation will reside within the 
community via the Voting Module. Decisions taken by the 
project team will be discussed, if needed, with Adel's Board or 
community members possessing relevant expertise. 

▲ Dialogue ▲ To support open debate within the Adel community, 
a Collaboration Module will be available to ADL holders. This 
module will provide guidance towards addressing important 
topics regarding operational and strategic areas that affect the 
entire community, as well as any individual concerns that may 
arise. Thus, a direct communication line to Adel’s staff will 
always be available to all community members. 

▲ Conduct ▲ All community members will be required to sign the 
Community Terms & Conditions as part of their membership 
process. Administrative monitoring of the Collaboration Module 
will oversee members who violate the Community T&Cs and 
perform other abuses. Persistent violators will be added to the 
Community Blacklist. 

▲ Participation ▲ Any and all community members are welcome 
to participate in individual projects and advisory activities. Every 
project will offer an open communication channel for 
suggestions via the community’s Collaboration Module. 

▲ Regulation ▲ Guidelines will be provided to the community to 
promote efficiency in creating relevant project documentation, 
all of which will be available to community members on the 
community portal. 



 

 

Stakeholder 
A stakeholder is anyone holding any amount of Adelphoi (ADL). A 
stakeholder who holds a minimum number of 64000 ADL will be invited 
to register and become an Adel community member. This ecosystem is 
fueled by the voting results of community members whose vote is 
weighted against the number of Adelphoi they hold. All participants in 
the community will have to identify themselves to meet minimum Anti-
Money Laundering (AML), Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF) and Know 
your Customer (KYC) requirements. 

Every Adel community member is able to: 
▲ Share their expertise and opinions in community projects. 
▲ Transact Adelphoi within the ecosystem. 
▲ Participate in the Voting and Collaboration module. 
▲ Fund projects as a majority community participant or as a group 

participant in minority voting results. 
▲ Follow the progress of projects and help improve on ideas. 
▲ Receive rewards in cryptocurrency. 

Additionally, members may: 



 

▲ Submit proposals as Innovator Projects. In this case, the 
community member is designated as the innovator and will 
receive a larger portion of the project’s rewards. 

▲ Apply for open positions within Adel’s R&D team, the Project 
Review Committee, and other teams and groups covering areas 
such as project management, legal compliance and accounting.  

Leadership 
The board consists of top professionals, entrepreneurs, strategists and 
out-of-the-box thinkers. The board serves as the supervisory body for 
the protection of the entire community, ensuring 
no dangerous, illegal, immoral or unethical 
conduct occurs that could negatively affect or 
damage Adel’s brand. The board also serves as an 
advisor to projects throughout their operation and 
supports the transparency of all transactions and 
processes. 
▲ Research & Development ▲ Michal Vavrek ▲ The 

R&D team will create, develop and enhance project 
ideas that will be submitted to the 
community for approval. The R&D team will 
also be responsible for submitting relevant 
documentation for project approval. 

▲ Marketing & Strategy ▲ Gabriel Dusil ▲ This 
team will create and execute Adel ecosystem 
strategies for the community, as well as for 
individual projects. Activities will include both 
internal and external marketing strategies, 
communications, documentation, events, 
public relations, website design and 
copyediting. 

▲ Legal & Operations ▲ Jan Lamser ▲ This team 
will ensure compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements at national, regional and global levels 
for all community projects. The team will also be 
available to the community for individual projects 
within their respective jurisdictions. 

Project Review Committee 
The Project Review Committee (PRC) will guide and help the Adel R&D 
team and innovators to properly document projects for submission and 
approval. The team will consist of professional consultants to evaluate 



 

ideas and polish their business plans. Consulting from the PRC will 
reside within the framework of reviewing plans, numbers, projections, 
strategies and marketing. It will also help steer the project with the best 
strategy. The Collaboration module will be utilized by all community 
members who wish to provide guidance. Furthermore, consulting from 
Adel’s Board will focus on high-level strategy. 

The PRC will have an ongoing relationship with project teams in order 
to monitor, measure and evaluate key performance indicators (KPIs), 
cash flow, operations and overall strategy. The PRC will not be involved 
in daily activities. Their role will be to provide guidance and monitor the 
project’s progress on an ongoing basis. They will not participate as a 
staff member of any project. It would be up to the project owners (e.g. 
the project’s general manager) to hire staff for specific duties. 

Project Managers 
Project Managers are responsible for monitoring community projects by 
ensuring the highest level of efficiency in resource usage. They are 
tasked with the responsibility of guaranteeing results and that 
objectives continue moving towards completion. They are also 
responsible for reporting the status of projects, as well as other 
operational activities such as accounting, though this can be delegated 
by the Project Manager if deemed necessary.  

Project Managers will be selected based on their expertise. Community 
members will be offered “first right of refusal” to participate in that 
capacity. Approval of the Project Manager, budget, timeline, 
milestones, business activities and developments will be confirmed by 
the Adel Board in order to protect the community. Funds will be 
released according to the developmental stages of the project and 
approval by the Board. If projects need additional funding outside of 
the approved budget (as agreed upon by the voting process) then the 
community will be consulted and its approval will be sought.  

Adel Services 
Adel’s leaders have a special mandate to lead with integrity and will 
take all steps necessary to ensure the entire team does the same. This 
requires a visible commitment to promoting conduct that is positive 
towards the development of the ecosystem and compliant with all legal 
requirements. Our actions will demonstrate our belief that profits never 
overshadow our principles. 
▲ Adel Services ▲ The staff will set up the proper framework 

starting from the top, and will act in the best interest of Adel 
and its stakeholders. We will work towards an ecosystem that 



 

will not support criminals, terrorists, or parties wishing to 
defraud or take advantage of our members through community 
involvement or projects undertaken by Adel. 

▲ Adel Community ▲ All community members are connected with 
our values. Since the entire community can participate in each 
project, it is in the interest of Adel to ensure that projects meet 
legal and Community T&Cs guidelines in order to protect our 
members. 

Legal & Regulatory ▲ Adel will comply with legal requirements relating 
to cryptocurrency exchange, governance, trading and taxes. We will 
ensure regulatory compliance and the satisfaction of legal 
requirements in all markets where we operate. Therefore, any projects 
that do not meet these requirements will not be approved by the 
Project Review Committee. This ensures the integrity of the Adel 
ecosystem while also protecting the integrity of each member in the 
community. 

About Adel 

Adel is a community incubator for blockchain innovation. 
▲ Adel is a global cryptocurrency community that is self-sustaining 

and offers its own economic ecosystem with the Adelphoi coin. 
Our community focuses on creating, developing, and 
implementing use cases involving blockchain technology that 
covers a wide range of digital and physical industries. Projects 
are chosen by the community and successful ventures are either 
re-invested in for further growth or issued as rewards to Adel's 
stakeholders. 

About the Authors 

Gabriel Dusil 

Gabriel is a seasoned sales and marketing expert with over twenty 
years of experience in senior level positions at companies such as 
Motorola, VeriSign (acquired by Symantec in 2010), and SecureWorks 
(acquired by Dell in 2011), and Cognitive Security (acquired by Cisco in 
2013). His strengths lie in international business development and 
strategic partnerships, as well as the unique ability to translate complex 
ideas and technologies into language that decision makers can easily 

https://www.adelphoi.io/


 

understand. Gabriel has a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering Physics 
from McMaster University in Canada and possesses expert knowledge 
in blockchain incubation, cloud computing, IT security, and video 
streaming technologies (Over the Top Content, OTT). Gabriel also runs 
his own company, Euro Tech Startups s.r.o., and manages his 
professional blog at https://dusil.com. 

Michal Vavrek 

Michal is an entrepreneur with international experience specializing in 
global business development and project management. He graduated 
from Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business with a degree in 
Finance and International Business and worked in various capacities in 
New York, Zurich and Prague. Michal is an active cryptocurrency 
entrepreneur with an extensive background in Forex algorithmic trading 
strategies and is always seeking new opportunities that maximize 
blockchain technologies. 

http://eurostartups.tech/
https://dusil.com/


 

White Paper 

 

Creating Value 
with Cryptocurrency 

▲ Identity Series 

By: Gabriel Dusil, Co-founder & Board Member, Adel 
 Michal Vavrek, Founder & Board Member, Adel 
 Travin Keith, Marketing & Blockchain Advisor, Adel 

Abstract 

This white paper outlines Adel's advantages from three vantage points: 
a) Blockchain technology, b) the Nxt (and soon, Ardor) platforms on 
which Adel is built, and c) additional business processes Adel has 
introduced into its ecosystem to provide effective, community-based 
development and funding. 

Ecosystem 
Advantages ▲ Blockchain 
Advantages ▲ Nxt & Ardor 
Advantages ▲ Adel 

References  



 

Ecosystem 

Since the inception of Bitcoin in 2009 by Satoshi Nakamoto, there have 
been numerous developments into blockchain technology. Adel will 
further these developments by creating an ecosystem to promote the 
use of blockchain technology and create solutions in various industries. 
The ecosystem will leverage the expertise of the Adel Board, the R&D 
team, the Project Review Committee, and members of the community, 
while at the same time creating a supportive environment for 
innovative projects. Adel’s token, known as Adelphoi (ADL), will be used 
as a basis for distributing rewards from these projects. The success of 
these projects will thus directly influence the intrinsic value of Adelphoi. 

Legitimizing Cryptocurrency 

All members of the Adel community will work for the benefit of the 
ecosystem. Projects have the potential to span profitable industries 
such as IT, banking (FinTech), insurance and healthcare as well as 
supporting humanitarian initiatives. Participation in these projects will 
be possible by holding the Adelphoi token. Each project will thus create 
unique opportunities for community members through the creation of 
new business and employment opportunities.  

Advantages ▲ Blockchain & Cryptocurrency 
Bitcoin is a decentralized, distributed application that uses a public 
ledger – the blockchain – to store and transmit cryptographically 
secured tokens. Representation of wealth is recognized when both the 
sending and receiving parties mutually agree on this premise. The 
blockchain paradigm requires mandatory publication of the source 
code under established open source licenses. This has resulted in a 
vibrant community of developers who have created many variations of 
the original protocol, ranging from simple copies of the code to truly 
evolutionary improvements. 

Blockchain v2.0: Utility Beyond Money 

The widely-known blockchain evangelist, Andreas Antonopoulos, has 
likened Bitcoin to 'money being the email of the blockchain'. He was 
comparing the invention of blockchain to the introduction of the 
internet in the early 1990s, when people could not differentiate the 
internet from its first application: email. Once a second application of 
the internet was introduced – the World Wide Web or WWW – it 
became clear that email and the HTTP protocol were applications that 



 

ran on top of the internet. Likewise, this explains the confusion of 
Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies in general to the blockchain, where 
currency is the first use case of blockchain technology. With this 
realization, there has been an emergence of innovative applications 
that plan on taking advantage of decentralized open ledgers, i.e. the 
blockchain. 

There are several well-documented advantages related to using 
blockchain technologies for financial and administrative purposes. 
These advantages are listed below in order to demonstrate the unique 
suitability of emerging blockchain technologies for the administration of 
economic systems: 

▲ Resilience ▲ Blockchain technology has a high level of 
redundancy and high availability which is unrivaled in the 
corporate world. The computers that manage the Bitcoin 
blockchain are collectively over 43,000 times more powerful than 
the top 500 supercomputers on the planet combinedi. One cannot 
feasibly compromise these networks without acquiring a large 
amount of computing power to compete with the rest of the 
network. 

▲ Mobility ▲ Cryptocurrency users do not need to carry credit or 
debit cards. All they need is access to their online wallet to 
initiate a transaction. However, cryptocurrency credit or debit 
cards are slowly becoming mainstream. 

▲ Privacy ▲ Any participant of the ICO will have to identify 
themselves to meet minimum Anti-Money Laundering (AML), 
Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF) and Know your Customer 
(KYC) requirements. Aside from regulatory requirements, Adel will 
maintain privacy of client data where feasible. In fiat transfers, 
the sender’s and the recipient’s personal details are captured by 
all transfer intermediaries. These details can be used for invasive 
marketing purposes or more dangerous purposes such as ever 
more prolific identity theft. 

▲ Cryptographic Proof ▲ With blockchain technology, one does not 
rely on the trust of a third party. Thus, blockchain networks are 
usually called “trustless” systems. Preventing duplicate 
transactions or improperly generating coins is achieved through 
the use of an electronic payment system based on cryptographic 
proof and an open ledger which is auditable to anyone.  

▲ A Better Financial System ▲ Two and a half billion people on the 
planet do not have a bank account. Cryptocurrencies are perfect 
for extending financial services to remote locations and for 
helping to modernize developing countries by bringing them 
further into the global economy. 

▲ Serving Digital Society ▲ Blockchain has the potential for much 
more than just cryptocurrencies. New functionalities are being 
explored that utilize an open and auditable public ledger with the 



 

use of smart contracts, such as the voting feature on the Nxt 
blockchain. 

▲ No Permissions ▲ No permission is needed to send or receive 
cryptocurrencies, whether this be from banks, intermediaries, 
governments, or other trusted third parties. The transfer of coins 
is agreed upon only between the sender and the recipient, and 
the owner has full control of his/her funds at all times. No 
authority can freeze a cryptocurrency account and seize its funds. 

▲ Lower Transaction Fees ▲ Credit card companies charge up to 
3% per transaction, and in some cases even more. With some 
remittance systems, fees can be as high as 10% - 30% of the 
transferred amount. Cryptocurrency fees, if any, are several 
orders magnitude smaller. 

▲ Account Security ▲ Account control lies with the user via their 
private key. This private key can be kept offline (i.e. cold storage) 
for security purposes. Cold storage ensures that funds are not 
easily accessible to hackers. 

Advantages ▲ Nxt & Ardor 
Satoshi Nakamoto set out to create a decentralized digital currency 
that does not rely on centralized trust. He set out to programmatically 
remove the need for centralized trust by creating a decentralized and 
distributed ledger solution for monetary applications that prevents 
duplicate transactions and uses an open ledger that could be audited 
by anyone. Blockchain technologies are widely perceived as providing 
fiduciary integrity in the present macro-economic climate that is fraught 
with moral hazard, corruption, and systemic risks. 

Since the launch of Bitcoin in 2009, several observations can be made 
with the benefit of hindsight: the blockchain is revolutionary in its 
design and has successfully proven its resilience in the goals it set out 
to achieve. However, weaknesses have surfaced in the services that 
complement Bitcoin. These services are mainly those that allow secure 
storage and trading of Bitcoin. These services have become susceptible 
to attacks from criminal individuals and organizations across the world 
who seek out flaws in the systems associated with the cryptocurrency 
with the goal of exploiting these weaknesses for their own benefit. 

Since the launch of Bitcoin in 2009, significant developments have been 
made to the code. As of today, only around 15% of the code initially 
created by Satoshi remains in the core software. As is the nature of 
open source software, some developments have soon started outside 
Bitcoin, such as Litecoin and Namecoin. Eventually, as more attention 
was drawn to Bitcoin, especially due to the price spike to over $1000 in 
2013, more clones were made. These new systems either proposed 
significant changes to the technology or just had minor adjustments as 



 

a clone of Bitcoin or another system. Nxt was also being created during 
this time. Unlike most of the platforms, Nxt was developed from scratch 
in Java, though it contained some of the same principles that Bitcoin 
introduced and built on them. The platform introduced a wide range of 
features to the wider community such as colored coins, later known as 
Assets, which can be created and transacted on top of the Nxt 
blockchain. This feature, along with many others, has made Nxt the 
pioneering platform of what is now called Blockchain 2.0. In 2017, Nxt's 
core developers will be releasing Ardor, a blockchain platform that 
utilizes Nxt technology and allows users to create their own blockchains 
known as child chains, which are secured by the Ardor main chain.  

Here we present the most salient features of the Nxt and, soon, Ardor 
platforms. This second-generation blockchain is utilized to implement 
different modules in the Adel ecosystem. A community that wishes to 
establish a viable economic ecosystem needs to address these issues 
and implement measures to mitigate risk. The following cutting-edge 
monetary and administrative features illustrate why the founders of 
Adel have chosen these platforms: 

▲ Proof of Stake ▲ This is a method used by Nxt (and subsequently 
by Ardor) to gain network consensus and prevent double 
spending. In this system, the active node (a device running the 
Nxt client and actively contributing to the network by forging the 
next block, thereby processing the pending transactions and 
acquiring the transaction fees), is determined by assessing the 
NXT balances of all nodes actively forging and gives a higher 
chance to forge to those that own a larger amount of NXT (i.e. 
their stake in the network). In this manner, each unit of NXT is 
akin to that of a mining rig for the purposes of determining who 
mines the next block in a Proof of Work system, where a higher 
level of hashing power gives a greater chance of mining the next 
block and claim its rewards. Since the determining factor is the 
balance of NXT and not computing power, the amount of energy 
used by all forgers is much less than that of a Proof of Work 
system. This makes it possible to forge NXT even with a 
Raspberry Pi.  

▲ Phased Transactions ▲ With Nxt, a set of conditions can be set in 
order for transactions to execute. For example, one party can set 
up future transactions on the platform (i.e. set to execute at a 
particular time) which is perfect for enterprise workflow scenarios 
and scheduling future payments. Users can also choose to have 
transactions processed only when another transaction has 
occurred, or when approved by other accounts. This latter 
implementation is otherwise known as a multi-signature, or 
multisig as multiple signatures.  

▲ Monetary System ▲ With Nxt, users can create their own 
currencies for their specific needs. This could be used for special 
events that give out event tokens to be used for redeeming 



 

certain products or services, or for online shops that give out 
special credits to be used within their store. 

▲ Decentralized Voting ▲ Decentralized polling for secure voting is 
possible with Nxt and will be used for various Adel projects, as 
well as for voting on the community itself. 

▲ Decentralized Marketplace ▲ While not directly implemented into 
the Adel ecosystem, the ability of the Nxt platform to have a 
decentralized marketplace could be utilized for future projects. 

▲ Assets ▲ Nxt allows for the easy creation of assets on the 
platform which are representations of certain products, be they 
digital or physical. An asset will be used to represent the 
contribution of a user in Adel projects to allow users to exchange 
these tokens with other users, as well as a determining factor of 
the amount of rewards they receive. 

▲ Asset Exchange ▲ Traditional cryptocurrency exchanges require 
the use of a centralized platform, as is the case with BitFinex, 
Kraken and others. However, such centralized exchanges are 
always exposed to an inherent risk of failure, as was the case 
with Cryptsyii and Mt. Goxiii. Nxt has developed a peer-to-peer 
internal exchange that offers decentralized trading, thus 
eliminating a single point of failure, as well as intermediary 
trading fees beyond the transaction fees.  

▲ Speed ▲ The average transaction time of Nxt is approximately 60 
seconds per block. However, for Ardor, the transaction time can 
be delayed per child chain in cases where a slower transaction 
time is desired. 

Advantages ▲ Adel 
The Adel ecosystem is relatively independent of governments, 
international or domestic politics, as well as fiat economies. Its value is 
in leveraging Nxt and Ardor’s state-of-the-art blockchain technology, as 
well as the Adel ecosystem, and combining these technologies with 
best-in-class business practices. The Adel ecosystem is designed to 
implement the latest security features while also adopting best 
practices in business services. In creating a legitimate business on top 
of blockchain technology, Adel will demonstrate innovation and 
leadership with an organizational structure that is both sustainable and 
profitable. 



 

 

Here are some of the advantages of the Adel ecosystem: 

▲ Collaborative ▲ The establishment of a Project Review Committee 
which not only ensures that Adel will launch profitable 
businesses, but also represents legitimate, legal, and ethical 
projects. This is fundamental to the integrity of Adel and is vital to 
further legitimizing cryptocurrencies. Successful projects launched 
on Adel will help prove sustainable, long-term growth, as well as 
global monetization potential for blockchain technologies. After a 
project has been launched on Adel, whether it be from a proposal 
by the R&D team or an innovator from the community, the 
project manager will be adequately supported by the Adel staff, 
as well as community members participating throughout the 
lifetime of the project. This can either be in the form of expert 
advisory services, finding employees, or even assistance with 
securing additional external funding, such as with venture 
capitalists. Adel believes in utilizing expert decision makers to 



 

guide decisions made by the community. Once options have been 
authorized by the leadership, they are then submitted to the 
community for consensus, enhancement, and further decisions. 
This way, Adel establishes efficiency in the decision processes 
that guide the ecosystem, while also utilizing the experience and 
expertise of the community. 

▲ Resilient ▲ By leveraging the emergence of blockchain-as-a-
service, Adel’s ecosystem was created so that participants have a 
collaborative platform to initiate, develop, showcase, and fund 
their innovations. Auditable financial transactions for all projects 
provides the foundation for a collaborative community capable of 
making important economic decisions. Adel provides a dynamic 
platform of entrepreneurship, freedom, management, 
communication, and technology. As a community-based 
ecosystem, Adel will create an open architecture for joint 
entrepreneurship while challenging contemporary business 
principles. 

▲ Prospective ▲ Community members will enjoy benefits such as 
access to the community portal which consists of a wide range of 
modules to collaborate, vote, and view the status of their account 
and projects. Members are also eligible for employment in any of 
these businesses and will receive first right of refusal before the 
general public. 

▲ Flexible ▲ Adel will have four types of projects that will be 
possible in its ecosystem: 
• If a project is introduced by Adel’s R&D team and it 

receives a majority of the votes, then it becomes a 
Community Project. 

• If a majority vote is not achieved, then it can become a 
minority or Group Project, if funded by members who 
support the project.  

• If a project is introduced by a community member or group 
of members (designated as the Innovator) and it receives a 
majority of the votes, it will become a Community Innovator 
Project.  

• If a majority vote is not achieved, then it can become a 
minority or Group Innovator Project, if funded by 
community members who support the project. 

▲ Exclusive ▲ Becoming a member to Adel’s community during the 
ICO requires a minimum investment of 1 bitcoin. After the 1st ICO 
this minimum will be increased to 64000 Adelphoi (ADL). The 
voting system establishes the opinion of the majority (according 
to the amount of Adelphoi held by the respective community 
member). The collaboration module allow for open and 
constructive communications between community members who 
can ask questions, make comments and offer suggestions. 



 

▲ Principled ▲ As outlined in our white paper entitled “Maintaining 
Integrity in Equity Funding”, Adel’s integrity is the foundation of 
our success and for the sustainability of a profitable ecosystem. 
This integrity applies to all of Adel's staff, as well as its 
community members. 

About Adel 

Adel is a community incubator for blockchain innovation. 
▲ Adel is a global cryptocurrency community that is self-sustaining 

and offers its own economic ecosystem with the Adelphoi coin. 
Our community focuses on creating, developing, and 
implementing use cases involving blockchain technology that 
covers a wide range of digital and physical industries. Projects 
are chosen by the community and successful ventures are either 
re-invested in for further growth or issued as rewards to Adel's 
stakeholders. 

About the Authors 

Gabriel Dusil 

Gabriel is a seasoned sales and marketing expert with over twenty 
years of experience in senior level positions at companies such as 
Motorola, VeriSign (acquired by Symantec in 2010), and SecureWorks 
(acquired by Dell in 2011), and Cognitive Security (acquired by Cisco in 
2013). His strengths lie in international business development and 
strategic partnerships, as well as the unique ability to translate complex 
ideas and technologies into language that decision makers can easily 
understand. Gabriel has a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering Physics 
from McMaster University in Canada and possesses expert knowledge 
in blockchain incubation, cloud computing, IT security, and video 
streaming technologies (Over the Top Content, OTT). Gabriel also runs 
his own company, Euro Tech Startups s.r.o., and manages his 
professional blog at https://dusil.com. 

Michal Vavrek 

Michal is an entrepreneur with international experience specializing in 
global business development and project management. He graduated 

https://www.adelphoi.io/
http://eurostartups.tech/
https://dusil.com/


 

from Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business with a degree in 
Finance and International Business and worked in various capacities in 
New York, Zurich and Prague. Michal is an active cryptocurrency 
entrepreneur with an extensive background in Forex algorithmic trading 
strategies and is always seeking new opportunities that maximize 
blockchain technologies. 

Travin Keith 

Travin is a seasoned marketer who specializes in web and international 
marketing. He has worked with over a hundred businesses around the 
world spanning a wide range of industries. Since 2013, Travin has been 
involved with cryptocurrencies as a trader, investor, marketer, and 
community member. He joined the Nxt Foundation as a board member 
in 2016, serving as its Marketing Director and a Blockchain Consultant, 
as well as the representative to Hyperledger, a Linux Foundation 
Project. 

References 

i “World Bank: 75% of poor don't have bank accounts”, By Anne 
Renzenbrink, 19th April 2012, cnn.com, 
http://www.cnn.com/2012/04/19/business/poor-bank-
accounts/index.html 
ii “Court Takes Control of Digital Currency Exchange Cryptsy”, By Stan 
Higgins, April 4, 2016.   
iii “The Inside Story Of Mt. Gox, Bitcoin’s $460 Million Disaster”, By 
Robert McMillan, March 3, 2014.  

                                                   

http://www.nxtfoundation.io/
https://www.hyperledger.org/
http://www.cnn.com/2012/04/19/business/poor-bank-accounts/index.html
http://www.cnn.com/2012/04/19/business/poor-bank-accounts/index.html


 

White Paper 

 

Differentiation in the 
FinTech Revolution 

▲ Identity Series 

By: Travin Keith, Marketing & Blockchain Advisor, Adel 
 Gabriel Dusil, Co-founder & Board Member, Adel 

Abstract 

In this paper, we will discuss some of the existing cryptocurrencies 
available today, provide an overview of the marketplace, and establish 
how Adel is positioned within these contexts. Nxt is the platform that 
Adel will use for their digital marketplace. Adel will migrate to Ardor, 
the multi-chain development of Nxt, once it is deemed suitable. 

Market Overview 
Blockchain 1.0 
Blockchain 2.0 
Adel Differentiation 

 



 

Market Overview 

Blockchain 1.0 

 

The first iteration of blockchain was invented by Satoshi Nakamoto in 
2008 and simultaneously introduced the first application of this 
technology with Bitcoin, a token intended to be used as a form of 
currency.  

▲ Bitcoin ▲ Bitcoin continues to maintain its position as 
cryptocurrency’s most popular coin despite a number of new 
tokens which have entered the industry. This is largely due to its 
status as the first genuinely decentralized cryptocurrency, as well 
as the first mover advantage it had. After its coverage in 
mainstream media, numerous 3rd party systems emerged to 
utilize its underlying blockchain technology for purposes beyond a 
form of currency. 

▲ Litecoini ▲ In addition to the faster average transaction time of 
2.5 minutes (compared to Bitcoin’s average time of 10 minutes), 
Litecoin uses the Scrypt algorithmii instead of the SHA-2 hashiii, 
thus allowing memory resources to be valued over processing 
power. As a result, readily available Graphic Processor Units 
(GPUs) are used for mining rather than the significantly more 
expensive Application-Specific Integrated Circuits (ASICs)iv used 
by Bitcoin miners, and are resistant to these customized 
processors being created specifically for Litecoin. Aside from this 
difference, Litecoin is very much a copy of Bitcoin, though, as its 
name suggests, it represents a lighter version. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin
https://litecoin.org/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scrypt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Mining_hardware_comparison


 

Blockchain 2.0 

 

These platforms came into focus around 2013 with the launch of Nxtv 
which used blockchain technology for various applications beyond 
having its native token serve as a form of currency. While the tokens 
themselves are also traded on exchanges, they are not intended to be 
used as a form of currency outside the network. 

▲ Ethereumvi ▲ Promoted as a “World Computer” and designed as 
such, Ethereum intended their token to be used within their 
blockchain as a form of payment for processing. By enabling 
Smart Contracts (essentially a protocol that allows the execution 
of a command when certain conditions are met) Ethereum turned 
the entire blockchain into a computer as users were now able to 
put these transactions into the blockchain itself. These Smart 
Contracts use Solidityvii, a programming/scripting language 
created specifically for Ethereum. 

▲ LISKviii ▲ This platform promotes decentralized applications and 
side chains while using JavaScript as its development platform. 
LISK focuses on providing developers a platform to build, publish, 
distribute and monetize applications. Projects are suggested and 
voted on by the community. 

▲ Rippleix ▲ Ripple focuses heavily on the world of FinTech by 
having their system used by banks around the world for cross-
border payments. They are currently working with large banks to 
provide customers with international transfers at a lower cost.  

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=303898.0
https://www.ethereum.org/
https://solidity.readthedocs.io/
https://lisk.io/
https://ripple.com/


 

Adel Differentiation 

 

In our forth white paper entitled “Creating Value with Cryptocurrency”, 
we reviewed the value of Adelphoi as a token within the Adel 
ecosystem and outlined similarities in the ways which other projects on 
Blockchain 2.0 platforms work. There are, however, a few key 
differentiators that set Adel apart from existing platforms. Those are: 

▲ Nxt & Ardor▲ Adel is built on the Nxt platform which has 
numerous features that will be extended to the Adel ecosystem. It 
will move to the Ardor platform, a separate blockchain created by 
Jelurida (a corporation of Nxt’s core developers), once it is 
deemed suitable. This provides projects with a wide range of 
features that have been thoroughly tested. The platform also 
utilizes templated smart contracts, known as smart transactions, 
in order to bring greater levels of security. Implementations of 
these and other features include phased transactions (i.e. multi-
signatory authorization), assets that can represent either digital 
or physical products, decentralized voting, decentralized trading 
through asset exchange, and shuffling, otherwise known as 
mixing, which can be used to increase anonymity levels. The core 
developers of Nxt have been working on these features since its 



 

introduction in 2013. With this foundation of advanced blockchain 
features, the Adel ecosystem can focus on project development, 
best-in-class business practices, and an efficient and self-
sustaining community.  Adel will continue to capitalize on the 
features of Nxt and Ardor as both evolve. Other blockchain 
platforms can only be used if it is not possible or ideal to use the 
Nxt or Ardor platforms. 

▲ Board & Staff Support ▲ Adel will leverage the expertise of the 
board and staff. With a wide range of expertise both inside and 
outside of blockchain-related ventures, this team will act as 
leaders for Adel, as well as actively contribute to its growth and 
development. Unlike other projects, the board and staff will be 
available for advice, consultation, and support to further the 
success of their projects before they are submitted to the 
community for voting, throughout the Project Review Committee 
process, and after the project has been launched. Innovator and 
Group projects will also benefit from the expertise of the Adel 
board and staff while maintaining their confidentiality. 

▲ Community & Participation ▲ Adel believes that a community-
based ecosystem will be a strong differentiator in its funding 
platform. This follows the decentralized ideology of blockchain, 
while creating and maintaining efficiency in the decision-making 
process. Community members also have the option to participate 
as expert advisors and employees of projects and will have 
priority before the general public. This enhances accountability 
and inclusiveness to the success and profitability of new 
businesses, applications, or inventions. 

▲ Integrity & Conduct ▲ The values established by Adel will help 
legitimize the ecosystem it represents. Adel’s Community Terms & 
Conditions will be adhered to equally by Adel's leadership, staff 
and community members. This applies to, though is not limited 
to, forum participation, project submission and approvals, as well 
as the operation of the projects themselves. Adel will also follow 
local and regional laws and regulations in its community activities 
and projects. 

▲ Security & Stability ▲ With the security and stability of Nxt and 
Ardor, Adel will have a robust platform to work with on top of the 
latest security features. Our staff will continue to enhance the 
platform to mitigate against fraud, collusion, and manipulation. IT 
security experts in the Adel and Nxt/Ardor community will be 
continually consulted for their support in vetting the Adel 
platform, as well as to aid in minimizing new threats as they 
become visible to the development team. High availability, 
security, and stability will be built into the community portal 
where a cost versus risk balance justifies the investment in IT best 
practices. 



 

About Adel 

Adel is a community incubator for blockchain innovation. 
▲ Adel is a global cryptocurrency community that is self-sustaining 

and offers its own economic ecosystem with the Adelphoi coin. 
Our community focuses on creating, developing, and 
implementing use cases involving blockchain technology that 
covers a wide range of digital and physical industries. Projects 
are chosen by the community and successful ventures are either 
re-invested in for further growth or issued as rewards to Adel's 
stakeholders. 

About the Authors 

Travin Keith 

Travin is a seasoned marketer who specializes in web and international 
marketing. He has worked with over a hundred businesses around the 
world spanning a wide range of industries. Since 2013, Travin has been 
involved with cryptocurrencies as a trader, investor, marketer, and 
community member. He joined the Nxt Foundation as a board member 
in 2016, serving as its Marketing Director and a Blockchain Consultant, 
as well as the representative to Hyperledger, a Linux Foundation 
Project. 

Gabriel Dusil 

Gabriel is a seasoned sales and marketing expert with over twenty 
years of experience in senior level positions at companies such as 
Motorola, VeriSign (acquired by Symantec in 2010), and SecureWorks 
(acquired by Dell in 2011), and Cognitive Security (acquired by Cisco in 
2013). His strengths lie in international business development and 
strategic partnerships, as well as the unique ability to translate complex 
ideas and technologies into language that decision makers can easily 
understand. Gabriel has a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering Physics 
from McMaster University in Canada and possesses expert knowledge 
in blockchain incubation, cloud computing, IT security, and video 
streaming technologies (Over the Top Content, OTT). Gabriel also runs 
his own company, Euro Tech Startups s.r.o., and manages his 
professional blog at https://dusil.com. 

https://www.adelphoi.io/
http://www.nxtfoundation.io/
https://www.hyperledger.org/
http://eurostartups.tech/
https://dusil.com/


 

References 

i Litecoin, https://litecoin.org  
ii Scrypt algorithm, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scrypt  
iii SHA-2, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2 
iv Mining hardware comparison, 
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Mining_hardware_comparison  
v https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=303898.0 
vi Ethereum, https://www.ethereum.org 
vii Solidity, https://solidity.readthedocs.io 
viii LISK, https://lisk.io  
ix Ripple, https://ripple.com 

                                                   

https://litecoin.org/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scrypt
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Mining_hardware_comparison
https://lisk.io/


 

White Paper 

  
 

 

 
 

Maintaining Integrity 

▲ Identity Series 

By: Gabriel Dusil, Co-founder & Board Member, Adel 
 Travin Keith, Marketing Manager, Adel 

Abstract 

This white paper outlines the principles of a community-based 
ecosystem and how this can be sustainable and profitable using 
cryptocurrencies as its foundation. 

Manifesto 
Adel 
Nxt 

Philosophy 
Decentralized 
Transparent 
Trusted 
Efficient 
Open Source 
Distributed 
Private 
Principled 
Ethical 

 



 

Manifesto 

Adel 

A Community Incubator for Blockchain Innovation 

Adel is guided by a transparent and open economy. This ideology gives 
control back to the community and allows for any member to audit, 
scrutinize, and improve the ecosystem. This economy protects against 
negligent behavior as transactions, decisions, and the lifecycle 
management of projects are visible and auditable by the entire 
community. 

Adel believes in the future of cryptocurrency and blockchain technology. 
We believe in connecting this technology to projects both inside and 
outside the digital world. Our goal is to increase and sustain the value 
of cryptocurrencies by deriving value from the ownership and 
management of businesses and projects. This will be achieved by 
creating a secure platform where projects can be proposed, evaluated, 
and approved by community members. These projects will take the 
form of technology projects, blockchain innovation, or cutting-edge 
businesses. Adel’s projects will create opportunities for employment, 
participation, and innovation. Project teams within the community will 
work together to sustain the value of Adelphoi (ADL) through profitable 
projects that benefit all members within the community. 

The State are the People & the People are the State 

As a self-sustaining macroeconomic ecosystem, Adel will utilize the 
benefits of a decentralized technology and community. The decision-
making process will capitalize on the community’s knowledge to 
collectively make the best decisions possible while maintaining strong 
integrity, ethics, and business principles as overseen by the Adel Board. 
In this ecosystem, the Adel Board will act in an advisory role, providing 
services that protect and care for its community, while enforcing the 
rules that protect the Adel brand and the integrity of its blockchain. The 
ecosystem will be self-sustaining and efficient in economic terms. 
Leaders will be appointed in a way that maximizes resources, i.e. with 
the highest level of expertise, integrity, and due diligence. Profits will 
either be reinvested or paid back to community members, thus 
enhancing the economy and providing incremental value to its 



 

community. Socialization and collective responsibility are basic 
principles that will help stimulate success. 

Nxt 
After extensive research, which included the evaluation of different 
cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology platforms, Adel decided to 
build on the Nxt platform - a blockchain with features that expand the 
functionality of pioneering cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin. These 
features include Shuffling, Voting, Aliases, and Phasing. The source 
code for Nxt has also been publicly disclosed, optimized, and perfected 
using (among other techniques) the Error Propagation Method, where 
the investigation and awarded discovery of deliberately inserted errors 
serves to help audit the source code itself. 

Adel utilize the features of Ardor, the multi-chain development of Nxt, in 
early 2018. Like Nxt, Ardor will have features that enhance the 
functionality of blockchain technology, making it an ideal platform for 
future projects.  The Ardor child chain architecture will allow for the 
easy creation of a dependent blockchain that will be connected to and 
secured by the main Ardor blockchain. Ardor also solves scalability 
issues with a pruning feature so that future nodes will only download 
and keep transaction records on the main chain, as well as child chain 
transactions from the past 24 hours. However, it is still possible for child 
chain transactions to be kept, if so desired, with the use of an archival 
node that keeps all of the transaction records. This scalability is one of 
the 'Holy Grails' of cryptocurrency and blockchain development.  

Nxt has already revolutionized the world of blockchain technology 
platforms by providing groundbreaking cryptocurrency features, as well 
as a powerful, modular toolset to build innovative business 
opportunities. All of Nxt's functionality will be present in the Ardor 
platform, in addition to the advanced features (such as global 
scalability) that the Ardor multi-chain architecture will provide. 

Philosophy 

The following guidelines represent Adel’s philosophy regarding the 
operation of its community and projects. This philosophy ensures 
consistency of thought across the Adel ecosystem, as well as within the 
wider blockchain ideology and principles. 



 

 

Decentralized 
Our philosophy is global, so it applies to all levels of management and 
all geographic locations. We expect partners who are acting on our 
behalf to also adhere to equally high standards. We will continue to 
seek out business partners that share our beliefs. In addition, the Adel 
Board has a special responsibility to lead with integrity in ways that 
reflect positively on Adel's overall project. 
▲ International ▲ Adel is a decentralized global ecosystem, 

proudly employing staff and serving customers all over the 
world. Our Community Terms & Conditions applies to all of Adel. 
It embraces diversity and respects cultural differences. 

▲ Community ▲ All community members must follow our policies 
and ethical principles as soon as they accept our Community 
T&Cs upon registration. 

Transparent 
We value openness and transparency. We keep our commitments to 
each other, our community, and our partners. Our Community T&Cs are 
signed by all members and staff. This code outlines the policies of Adel 
and includes our ethical principles.  



 

Trusted 
Adel will endeavor to programmatically minimize or otherwise remove 
the possibility of individuals manipulating the voting module to their 
advantage and compromising the integrity of the Adel community and 
its projects. 
▲ Trust is not Assumed ▲ The community will be able to audit the 

platform and projects, as well as create applications that can 
programmatically audit activities. 

▲ Restrictions ▲ The Adel Board and staff cannot vote on 
projects. Once a project has been approved by the Project 
Review Committee, only the community can vote on its 
approval. This is to remove any bias of the Adel staff from the 
community’s decision. 

▲ Safeguards ▲ To avoid voting manipulation, results will only be 
available after the voting deadline. In addition, voting weight 
will be established at the time of the voting deadline. This way, 
voters trading their Adelphoi during the voting window will not 
have any voting influence since their vote will only be weighted 
at the date and time of when the voting window has closed. 
Also, it will not limit new community members who have joined 
during the voting window and wish to vote on a specific project. 

▲ Blacklist ▲ A blacklist of community members will be 
established. In cases of suspected fraud or manipulation of the 
voting system. Those community members will be added to the 
blacklist, resulting in future voting restrictions and other 
limitations in community activities. Arbitration procedures will 
be established for those that dispute their addition to the 
blacklist. 

Efficient 
▲ Mitigating the Need for Trusted Third Parties ▲ Adel will provide 

a platform that can be auditable by anyone who is a 
community member. In environments, such as healthcare, 
insurance, IT security, banking, and others where user data is 
concerned, some data protection, and privacy compliance will 
be necessary. For these projects, encryption, data 
anonymization, and other technical solutions will be utilized to 
meet regulatory requirements. 

▲ Mitigating Intermediaries ▲ Adel supports minimum transaction 
fees as part of the Ardor platform architecture. Adel will 
minimize the need for "middle men" in order to simplify the 
platform architecture where possible and minimize unnecessary 
transaction fees or skimming methods. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skimming_(fraud)


 

Open Source 
Where possible, systems will be free of proprietary solutions such as 
patents and other forms of intellectual property protection. The overall 
business processes and structures will be transparent to community 
members. 

Distributed 
Control will remain with the community and not a governing power. The 
Adel Board will act as a curator by providing leadership and filtering 
projects that violate Adel's Philosophy. Adel's Project Review Committee 
(PRC) will also provide guidance, options and suggestions, but the final 
decision will be made by the community. The PRC will also evaluate 
and approve projects, as well as participate in forums to discuss 
projects with the community. 
▲ Mitigating Centralized Control ▲ Adel will have a decentralized 

organization and platform of voting, project submission and 
project execution. 

▲ Mitigating Single Point of Failures ▲ Adel supports a distributed 
system architecture with high availability and redundancy 
where a Cost versus Risk balance is justifiable. Since Adel will 
run on the Nxt blockchain, all of the information pertaining to 
Adel will be secure. Blockchains have a massive amount of 
redundancy as one of its key traits, thus eliminating the need 
for an external backup system. 

Private 

Adel will be designed from the ground up to prevent external parties 
from collusion, fraud, extortion, or the manipulation of Adel and its 
community. Adel will continue to protect its community from activities 
that violate its Code of Conduct. 
▲ Mitigating Violation of Privacy ▲ The Adel community, will 

maintain privacy of its clients, partners and members, while 
meeting regulatory compliance to Anti-Money Laundering 
(AML), Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF) and Know your 
Customer (KYC). 



 

Principled 
We use our values and ethical principles as decision filters to guide our 
behavior. We will turn down any business that is illegal, unethical or 
otherwise violates our philosophy. 
▲ Partnerships ▲ We expect all of our business partners to hold 

themselves to an equally high standard. We choose 
partnerships that share our values and high standards 
regarding legal and ethical business practices. We won’t let 
anyone damage our reputation or our brand by acting illegally 
or unethically in Adel’s name. 

Ethical 
Integrity is one of Adel’s most important values. At Adel, we are 
dedicated to delivering a secure and trustworthy platform for 
community members so they can safely participate in the ecosystem. 
It’s important that the actions we take as leaders of the community 
deliver on that goal. Adel's staff will contribute their time and expertise 
to continually manage and improve the ecosystem. 

Adel is committed to helping our community succeed by operating 
legally and ethically in accordance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Adel believes that in adhering to these principles we not 
only protect the Adel brand, community, and its members, but also 
serve to protect the integrity of blockchain as a brand, and the 
innovative projects that will be introduced to society. 

About Adel 

Adel is a community incubator for blockchain innovation. 
▲ Adel is a global cryptocurrency community that is self-sustaining 

and offers its own economic ecosystem with the Adelphoi coin. 
Our community focuses on creating, developing, and 
implementing use cases involving blockchain technology that 
covers a wide range of digital and physical industries. Projects 
are chosen by the community and successful ventures are either 
re-invested in for further growth or issued as rewards to Adel's 
stakeholders. 

https://www.adelphoi.io/


 

About the Authors 

Gabriel Dusil 

Gabriel is a seasoned sales and marketing expert with over twenty 
years of experience in senior level positions at companies such as 
Motorola, VeriSign (acquired by Symantec in 2010), and SecureWorks 
(acquired by Dell in 2011), and Cognitive Security (acquired by Cisco in 
2013). His strengths lie in international business development and 
strategic partnerships, as well as the unique ability to translate complex 
ideas and technologies into language that decision makers can easily 
understand. Gabriel has a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering Physics 
from McMaster University in Canada and possesses expert knowledge 
in blockchain incubation, cloud computing, IT security, and video 
streaming technologies (Over the Top Content, OTT). Gabriel also runs 
his own company, Euro Tech Startups s.r.o., and manages his 
professional blog at https://dusil.com. 

Travin Keith 

Travin is a seasoned marketer who specializes in web and international 
marketing. He has worked with over a hundred businesses around the 
world spanning a wide range of industries. Since 2013, Travin has been 
involved with cryptocurrencies as a trader, investor, marketer, and 
community member. He joined the Nxt Foundation as a board member 
in 2016, serving as its Marketing Director and a Blockchain Consultant, 
as well as the representative to Hyperledger, a Linux Foundation 
Project. 

http://eurostartups.tech/
https://dusil.com/
http://www.nxtfoundation.io/
https://www.hyperledger.org/


 

White Paper 

  

Inspiring Innovation 

▲ Management Series 

By: Jan Lamser, Co-founder & Board Member, Adel 
 Gabriel Dusil, Co-founder & Board Member, Adel 

Challenges in Contemporary Economics 

In most of the developed world, people enjoy improved health, 
relatively stable economics, unrestricted access to information, and a 
dynamic increase in personal freedom. However, as the force of 
globalization has increased over the past decades, we have 
paradoxically created a gap between individuals and communities, as 
well as between personal and social identities.  

This is particularly the case where money is an underlying driver or 
motivational factor. The control of monetary policy and national 
budgeting, as well as project-specific investment allocation and 

Challenges in Contemporary Economics 
Opportunities for a Distributed Ledger 
Distinctive Features of Project Funding 
Built for Innovation 



 

respective yields, are confined to licensed experts who are largely 
regulated and centralized. These professionals are attuned to the 
prevailing globalization paradigm. Some of these authorities, by 
attempting to portray stability and growth, generate gigantic budget 
deficits which have the paradoxical effect of creating market volatility 
and instability in the longer term. By trying to mask the issues, they 
ignore real economic problems and create new instability. The Greek 
public debt resolutioni and Jean-Claude Juncker's (European 
Commission President) plans of exorbitant public spendingii are just two 
examples. The regulatory framework for banking, investments, and the 
economy as a whole is nominally aiming at maintaining stability. 
However, such protection can be seen as little more than a precursor to 
control, exclusion, and the formation of a technocracyiii. As a result, 
financial resources are deployed through the complex hierarchical 
structures of stock exchanges, banks, and fund management. This 
system is caught in a prevailing technocratic paradigm with very little 
opportunity for individuals to influence out-of-the-box thinking and 
FinTech proposals. As a result of this rigid structure, many 
entrepreneurial initiatives have limited access to institutionalized 
investment funding. Spontaneity and creativity is impeded by a heavily 
formalized process, established by sizeable institutions that have 
evolved over the last couple of centuries. Because of this, innovation is 
impeded as entrepreneurs are required to follow an arduous, 
compliance-based paradigm. 

There is currently a lack of flexible investment options that allow a new 
project to pool enough resources to gain critical financial support and, 
at the same time, establish constructive influence and involvement over 
how they are deployed. A good idea, or successful project outside the 
mainstream, may not be able to access the funding opportunities that a 
more traditional, less disruptive project will have access to. 
Furthermore, projects that threaten monopolies in established markets 
run the risk of being trampled by large companies with seemingly 
endless legal resources or lobbying influences. This has resulted in 
many innovative or disruptive ideas being disqualified from investment 
consideration. The oil industry’s efforts to stifle electric car innovation 
throughout the second half of the twentieth century is just one 
exampleiv. Another is the systematic destruction of urban rail systems in 
the US at the beginning of the 20th century. As a consequence, the 
ability to borrow or invest is compromised or restricted for some 
projects. The adage “Neither a borrower nor a lender be"v rings true in 
regards to this particular form of exclusion. The choice, therefore, is not 
between the innovator or investor, but between risk management 
policies and/or political affiliations. 

There are a number of attempts to circumvent these obstacles, such as 
crowdfunding websites like kickstarter.com which launched in 2009, as 
well as P2P lending schemesvi. Nevertheless, systems that can pool 
resources to finance viable, innovative projects on a larger scale and 
redeploy these resources gradually have not been created thus far. 

file:///C:/C:UsersJanDownloadsKickstarter.com


 

Opportunities for a Distributed Ledger 

 

A distributed public ledger using blockchain technology in combination 
with cryptocurrency fills an opportunity gap in today’s investment 
environment. Adel provides such a platform and is underpinned by a 
community-based scheme that combines elements of: 
▲ Venture Capital 
▲ Collective Intelligence 
▲ Participatory Economy 
▲ Co-working Entrepreneurship 
▲ Code of Ethics and Integrity 
▲ Cryptocurrency Technology 

Adel will be built on the Nxt platform and will move to Ardor when 
suitable. This provides a robust infrastructure for this ecosystem. Adel 
allows stakeholders to pool financial resources using cryptocurrency. 
This eliminates traditional intermediaries and focuses momentum on 
projects decided by the community. At the same time, this model 
allows a majority consensus to co-exist with projects supported by only 
a minority of the community. With the decision power in the hands of 
the community, activities and decisions related to business, both 
analytical and operating, are controlled within the ecosystem. However, 
external professionals and associations outside of the ecosystem will 
be solicited to improve performance where necessary. 



 

Distinctive Features of Project Funding 

Adel provides a dynamic platform of entrepreneurship, freedom, 
management, communication and technology. The team has 
experience and expertise across multiple areas of business, as well as 
backgrounds and successful track records in various industries. As a 
community-based ecosystem, Adel will create an open architecture for 
joint entrepreneurship and challenge contemporary business principles. 
The unique structure of Adel is as follows: 
▲ Open Economic Interactions ▲ This allows certain roles that 

have been standard in classic investment vehicles to be 
eliminated (i.e. fund managers, brokers and auditors). Thanks to 
the distributed ledger system, many of these roles are no longer 
necessary as many administrative tasks can be automated 
through the use of the secure Nxt blockchain system. 
Administration overhead is thus decreased, leading to a much 
higher degree of agility and versatility. There is individual and 
community supervision on resource deployment, while 
maintaining a high standard of compliance and fiduciary 
accountability. Individual expertise and responsibility is also 
solicited for specific contributions without agency intervention. 

▲ Scrutinizing Outdated Assessment Processesvii ▲ By facilitating 
collective deliberations, Adel has the agility to filter social 
biases, political ideologies, and traditional economic beliefs. 
These are deeply ingrained preconceptions that could 
negatively influence the viability of new ideas. In some cases, 
they severely undercut innovation and the resources available 
to support them. Resource pooling with Adel is designed to be 
free of such indoctrinated ideologies. Adel institutionalizes the 
evaluation and relevance of ideas based on a pool of engaged 
individuals and their perspectives. This collective accountability 
allows for the funding of initiatives that may be legitimately 
rejected by a majority, but agreed upon by a select minority 
who may choose to maintain a vested interest in the project.  

▲ Cryptocurrency Roots ▲ Rooted in the distributed ledger, as well 
as blockchain and cryptocurrency communities, Adel does not 
derive its value from fiat currencies. While not rejecting the 
concept of fiat value, Adel´s approach is more nuanced and 
versatile. Adel allows for a larger set of funding possibilities for 
a given project proposal, including large or smaller group 
contributionsviii. Adel opens up opportunities for new ideas and 
projects and potentially enhances their chances of success 
through intense interaction and community wisdom, all while 
securing communal or sub-communal resources and support. 

▲ Collective Intelligence ▲ The formula that Adel subscribes to is 
People, Process, and Technology. This contrasts with prevailing 
beliefs that technology alone leads to success. It is human 
nature to be suspicious of individual motivations and personal 



 

agendas, but project resources require human engagement, 
both in selling the business case and in the launch and 
operational functions of the project. At Adel, the experience and 
involvement of individuals is subject to communal approval and 
will be monitored by the Project Review Committee.  

▲ Expert Knowledge ▲ Cognitive science has shown that 
combined schemes which engage both experts and collective 
groups are the most effective. This has proven to be superior to 
alternatives that give full authority to an expert or leader or the 
community aloneix. Adel combines effective managers, 
individual experts, and a participative community. In an 
entrepreneurial context, this provides a balance of analytics, 
integrity and prudence, all of which contribute to the success of 
the ecosystem.  

▲ International Community ▲ Adel is a global platform that 
aggregates disparate parties interested in joint innovation. 
Participation is set by the Code of Conduct which is entirely 
non-discriminatory. Its main purpose is to ensure legal and 
regulatory compliance. This not only protects the Adel brand, 
but the integrity of the blockchain initiative and its reputation as 
well. 

While Adel is driven by a team with European roots, its ambition is 
global. Project participation may involve contributing as an analyst, 
technology expert, fiduciary enforcer, manager, developer, or back-
office participant, to name but a few. This community model enables 
participation from individuals who have local cultural experience and/or 
industry expertise. Adel enables innovation through resource placement 
in all phases of project development, encouraging experts, project 
leaders and controllers to both invest and participate in the community 
in a role that advances the development of a particular project. 

Built for Innovation 

Adel is inspired by the social structures that have evolved from a 
distributed public ledger and related blockchain applications. This 
community is relatively independent of collective governmental bodies 
by design. If certain jurisdictions become involved, the community can 
call on parties with appropriate skills and expertise to act on its behalf 
when there are none in the community who are capable or willing. Adel 
will have a constantly open dialog with the community while relying on 
its wisdom and expertise. 

Adel represents a number of unique funding features. While associated 
with cryptocurrency, venture capital, startup incubation, and a 
cooperative platform, Adel is, above all, a technology-driven means for 



 

experts to collaborate. There are support systems in place to assist with 
successful project execution while acting as a distributed ecosystem in 
terms of process, procedure and power. 

About Adel 

Adel is a technology incubator for blockchain innovation. 
▲ Adel is a global cryptocurrency community that is self-sustained, 

and offers its own economic ecosystem with the Adelphoi 
token. Our community focuses on creating, developing and 
implementing use cases involving blockchain technology that 
covers a wide range of digital and physical industries. Projects 
are chosen by the community and successful ventures are 
either re-invested in for further growth or issued as rewards to 
Adel's stakeholders. 

About the Authors 

Jan Lamser, Co-founder 

Jan served for twenty years as a Senior Executive Officer and Board 
Member at Československá obchodní banka, a.s. (part of the KBC 
Group), the #1 commercial banking institution in the Czech Republic. He 
is one of the best business strategists in the region with a reputation for 
visionary talent and abilities. Jan is a FinTech entrepreneur and leading 
spokesperson for blockchain innovation in Central and Eastern Europe. 
He is also an associate of the Czech FinTech Association (CEFTAS), 
Deputy Chairman of the Institute of Computer Science, and has 
authored several articles on distributed open ledger technologies. 

Gabriel Dusil 

Gabriel is a seasoned sales and marketing expert with over twenty 
years of experience in senior level positions at companies such as 
Motorola, VeriSign (part of Symantec), and SecureWorks (part of Dell). 
His strengths lie in international business development and strategic 
partnerships, as well as the unique ability to translate complex ideas 
and technologies into language that decision makers can easily 
understand. Gabriel has a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering Physics 
from McMaster University in Canada and possesses expert knowledge 

https://www.adelphoi.io/
https://www.csob.cz/
https://www.kbc.com/
https://www.kbc.com/
http://czechfintech.cz/lide-v-ceftas/
http://www.ustavinformatiky.cz/?id_jazyk=en&id_stranky=struktura_ustavu


 

in cloud computing, IT security, and video streaming technologies (Over 
the Top Content, OTT). Gabriel also runs his own company, Euro Tech 
Startups s.r.o., and manages two blogs: https://dusil.com/ and 
https://gabrieldusil.com/. 

Resources 

i “Explaining Greece’s Debt Crisis”, 16th June, 2016, 
http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/business/international/greece
-debt-crisis-euro.html?_r=0  

ii “Germany plans €10bn extra public spending”, By Stefan Wagstyl, 6th 
November, 2014, http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a973366a-65dd-11e4-
898f-00144feabdc0.html#axzz4JHxgV7MT 

iii The self-referencing nature and overwhelming power of technology – 
oriented rationality as predicted in mid-20th century by Horkheimer, 
Adorno, Heidegger and others - is about to come true in contemporary 
global finance. 

iv “Who Killed the Electric Car?”, Wikipedia, 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Who_Killed_the_Electric_Car%3F 

v Act I, Scene III of William Shakespeare's play, "Hamlet".  

vi “30 Peer-to-Peer Lending Experts Reveal Their Top 3 Investing Tips”, 
by Warren Lee, http://thelendingmag.com/peer-to-peer-lending/  

vii Paraphrasing Adorno´s key book on contemporary rationality, Adel 
promotes “negative economic dialectics”. This means that Adel stands 
against ideologies embedded in contemporary economic global 
frameworks. 

viii As opposed to mainstream economic frameworks dwelling on the 
ideology of economic equilibrium, Adel is inspired by Schumpetrian 
thinking which underscores the creative power of free innovation. 
Destructive and outdated business concerns portraying instability as a 
natural state of the economy are avoided. 

ix 
http://www.nasa.gov/centers/goddard/about/organizations/OCKO/case
studies/#.V8CH0Zh97uo 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_banking 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Motors_streetcar_conspiracy  

                                                   

http://eurostartups.tech/
http://eurostartups.tech/
https://dusil.com/
https://gabrieldusil.com/
http://thelendingmag.com/peer-to-peer-lending/
http://www.nasa.gov/centers/goddard/about/organizations/OCKO/casestudies/#.V8CH0Zh97uo
http://www.nasa.gov/centers/goddard/about/organizations/OCKO/casestudies/#.V8CH0Zh97uo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_banking
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Motors_streetcar_conspiracy


 

White Paper 

 

Protecting the Community 

▲ Management Series 

By: Travin Keith, Marketing and Blockchain Advisor, Adel 
 Gabriel Dusil, Co-founder & Board Member, Adel 

Abstract 

In this paper, we outline established procedures to mitigate risk to 
Adel’s ecosystem while protecting its brand, infrastructure, and the 
integrity of blockchain solutions. 
  

Risks 
Security 
Protection 



 

Risks 

This section will go over some of the risks that Adel faces from a 
community perspective and how it plans to face them. 
▲ Collusion ▲ While it is impossible to fully remove the chance of 

unethical collusion, Adel has taken measures to mitigate this risk. 
For example, any suspected collusion or other nefarious behavior 
will result in the community member being blacklisted. Stakeholders 
that collude to damage Adel in any way only serve to damage 
themselves as they also have a vested interest in the community’s 
success. The paradox is this: in order to have a significant impact on 
the community voting system, this individual would require a sizable 
amount of Adelphoi to influence the voting outcome, thus increasing 
their exposure and risk. 

▲ Fraud ▲ A certain level of trust is necessary within the community in 
order to approve, launch, and operate projects. This is especially true 
since every action is not on the blockchain itself. As stated under 
Fiduciary Integrity in the next section, steps will be taken with project 
leaders and staff to ensure that all projects are carried out 
efficiently, legally, and profitably. However, the risk of members 
behaving fraudulently still exists. For this reason, Community Terms 
& Conditions arbitration will be established with the board's 
assistance. 

▲ Manipulation ▲ Voting fraud and manipulation will be eliminated by 
only revealing voting results after the voting window has closed. In 
addition, only stakeholders with a minimum amount of ADL will be 
invited to the community to become community members. 
Furthermore, community members will vote based on the 
proportional weight of Adelphoi they hold. This will prevent 
fraudsters from creating multiple accounts in order to sway the 
community vote. 

▲ Abuse ▲ Moderators will maintain order to prevent spammers from 
taking over a discussion for specific projects or in the Adel 
community's general discussion area. These moderators will be 
selected in terms of their incentive to keep their respective forum 
discussions free from spammers, as well as their ability to do so. If 
an abuse of power has been demonstrated by the moderator, then 
the issue will be reviewed in order to determine an appropriate 
course of action. Community members may be blacklisted if forum 
rules are not met or moderator warnings are not obeyed. 

▲ Confirmation Bias ▲ A confirmation bias is where people remember 
something in a way that confirms their own pre-existing belief. 
However, that belief may still be wrong. This can become an issue 
throughout the various decision processes in Adel where a 
community argument ensues because of a past decision or event. 
To avoid this issue, there will be a log of important events in the 
ecosystem, as well as a logged chat room. Furthermore, all voting 
decisions will be logged on the blockchain. 



 

▲ Money Laundering ▲ This refers to income with no regulation to 
maximize profits for as little cash outflow as possible. Money is 
accumulated through illegal means and flows into socio-
economically productive industries. Adel’s philosophy is to follow 
regulatory compliance around Anti-Money Laundering (AML), and to 
ensure that community participants adhere to these procedures. It is 
of the utmost importance that the team, the community, and the 
Adel brand are protected. 

▲ Terrorism Financing ▲ Adel’s compliance to AML will mitigate risk to 
Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF) by requiring all members of the 
community to be identified through AML guidelines. The exchange 
of financial information under CTF rules ensures the protection of 
the Adel ecosystem and assists law enforcement in their fight 
against terrorism. 

 

Security 

In this section, we will outline procedures created by Adel to mitigate 
harm to the integrity of its ecosystem, to Adel as a brand, and to the 
infrastructure created, all in order to realize Adel’s project goals. 
▲ Code of Conduct ▲ The Project Review Committee will ensure that 

projects comply with Adel’s Philosophy, which includes its ethical 



 

and integrity framework, together with the Adel Board. In addition, 
the distribution of salaries or capital gains cannot be fully 
automated and will require manual actions. Where people are 
involved, some trust will always be necessary. Trust is inherent in the 
operational oversight of each project. A level of trust is established 
with project leaders, experts, and operational staff, in order to 
successfully deliver on the project’s goals. Community members will 
not be anonymous in an effort to mitigate risk. They will be required 
to reveal their identity when they enter the Adel community. 

▲ Leadership ▲ The board will adhere to the Community T&Cs at all 
times. Any breach of the code will be dealt with a review procedure 
conducted by an impartial team. The results of the procedure will 
determine the proper course of action. All reviews will be handled on 
a case-by-case basis while taking into consideration previous 
decisions made. In more serious cases, the board can decide to 
suspend or remove a member. All board members and staff are 
required to sign and adhere to the Community T&Cs. 

▲ Technology ▲ The blockchain currently used by the Adel ecosystem 
is the Nxt platform, and will move to Ardor once it is deemed 
suitable. Because of this, the security of projects and the ecosystem 
itself will be dependent on the security of Nxt. To ensure platform 
resilience and integrity, Adel will maintain a strong relationship with 
Jelurida, the Nxt and Ardor core development team, as well as the 
community itself. In cases where Adel can be of assistance to the 
platform, Adel will contribute resources to protect the integrity of the 
platform. Adel is also blockchain agnostic, meaning that any project 
developed in its ecosystem can reside on any blockchain platform. 

▲ Community ▲ Adel will establish an open and productive 
communication channel with the community. Integrity will be 
established through a Community T&Cs that will be agreed upon by 
each member as soon as they join the community. Abuse, 
negligence, or any unethical behavior will be investigated and may 
result in the community member being blacklisted from the forums, 
voting, or project participation. 

▲ Fiduciary ▲ While Adel is working to eliminate the need for trusted 
third-party authorities, there are some cases where trust is 
necessary - especially with actions external to the blockchain. For 
example, the approval of projects will be initially submitted to a 
Project Review Committee. This will include members that have 
expert oversight in venture capital investments, as well as legal, 
operational, and technical expertise. 

▲ Know Your Customer, KYC ▲ Project managers, the board, and staff 
members will demonstrate due diligence to the best of their abilities 
to ensure projects comply with legal and regulatory requirements. If 
further legal advice is required, the community will be solicited for 
their expertise and will have their credentials assessed. If none are 
available, then assistance outside of the community will be sought 
and brought in. Projects that do not satisfy legal and regulatory 



 

requirements will either be rejected or modified during the 
assessment process. 

Protection 

Integrity is one of Adel’s most important values. At Adel, we are 
dedicated to delivering a secure and trustworthy platform for 
community members so they can safely participate in the ecosystem. It 
is important that the actions we take as leaders of the community 
deliver on that goal. Adel's staff will contribute their time and expertise 
to continually manage and improve the ecosystem. We are committed 
to helping our community succeed by operating legally and ethically in 
accordance to any applicable laws and regulations. Adel believes that 
in adhering to these principles we not only protect the Adel brand, 
community and its members, but also serve to protect the integrity of 
“blockchain as a brand”, as well as innovative projects that will be 
introduced to society and leverage this new technology. 

About Adel 

Adel is a community incubator for blockchain innovation. 
▲ Adel is a global cryptocurrency community that is self-sustaining 

and offers its own economic ecosystem with the Adelphoi coin. 
Our community focuses on creating, developing, and 
implementing use cases involving blockchain technology that 
covers a wide range of digital and physical industries. Projects 
are chosen by the community and successful ventures are either 
re-invested in for further growth or issued as rewards to Adel's 
stakeholders. 

About the Authors 

Gabriel Dusil 

Gabriel is a seasoned sales and marketing expert with over twenty 
years of experience in senior level positions at companies such as 
Motorola, VeriSign (acquired by Symantec in 2010), and SecureWorks 
(acquired by Dell in 2011), and Cognitive Security (acquired by Cisco in 
2013). His strengths lie in international business development and 
strategic partnerships, as well as the unique ability to translate complex 

https://www.adelphoi.io/


 

ideas and technologies into language that decision makers can easily 
understand. Gabriel has a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering Physics 
from McMaster University in Canada and possesses expert knowledge 
in blockchain incubation, cloud computing, IT security, and video 
streaming technologies (Over the Top Content, OTT). Gabriel also runs 
his own company, Euro Tech Startups s.r.o., and manages his 
professional blog at https://dusil.com. 

Travin Keith 

Travin is a seasoned marketer who specializes in web and international 
marketing. He has worked with over a hundred businesses around the 
world spanning a wide range of industries. Since 2013, Travin has been 
involved with cryptocurrencies as a trader, investor, marketer, and 
community member. He joined the Nxt Foundation as a board member 
in 2016, serving as its Marketing Director and a Blockchain Consultant, 
as well as the representative to Hyperledger, a Linux Foundation 
Project. 

http://eurostartups.tech/
https://dusil.com/
http://www.nxtfoundation.io/
https://www.hyperledger.org/


 

White Paper 

 

Managing the Ecosystem 

By: Gabriel Dusil, Co-founder & Board Member, Adel  
Michal Vavrek, Founder & Board Member, Adel 

▲ Management Series 

Abstract 

This document frames the procedures established by Adel for 
community projects. We discuss the guidelines for proposal 
submissions, reviews and approvals, as well as management and 
operational oversight. We also outline fund allocation to approved 
projects and reward distribution to stakeholders. 

Abstract 
Proposals 
Approvals 



 

Idea Incubation 

 

Ideas are created and prepared by either the Adel R&D team or 
submissions from community members, known as Innovators. These 
will mostly concentrate on blockchain projects that favor global reach 
and potential. When the proposal originates from the R&D team, the 
recipients of the rewards will always involve the entire community. 
Submissions will need to follow the following business planning 
guidelines to ensure an efficient and streamlined review of the idea: 
▲ Executive Summary ▲ Presentation that summarizes the project 

for the Project Review Committee (e.g. PowerPoint, Prezi, or other 
canvas). 

▲ Invention Overview ▲ Product, solution, or service. 
▲ Marketing Strategy ▲ Strategic, tactical and operational goals, 

market landscape overview, competitive analysis, and unique 
selling proposition (USP). 

▲ Sales Strategy ▲ Strategic, tactical and operational goals, 
monetization possibilities, channels to market, regional focus, and 
vertical or horizontal market focus. 

▲ Capital Costs ▲ Research and development, production, and 
launch costs for the first three years of operation. 

▲ Operational Costs ▲ Staffing, expertise, operations and 
management, and a draft organization chart. 

In order to stimulate new ideas, the Project Review Committee will 
manage an idea incubator where all members of the community can 
enhance their business plans. The R&D team will also be a source of 
ideas as a service to the community. 

If a project idea comes from an individual member of the community, 
and if the inventor would like their idea to be public, then the project 
will be treated as if it had been submitted by the Adel R&D team 
(Figure 1). However, if they wish to maintain ownership of their idea, 
then it will become an Innovator Project. All the documentation stated 
above is still required for Innovator Project submissions. Once a project 
is successful and reaches its targets, or if the project is sold, then the 
distribution of funds will be divided among shareholders according to 
the proportion of their Adelshare (ADS) purchases. These rewards may 
be distributed back to stakeholders in ADL. 



 

 

 

Figure 1: Idea Incubation to Enterprise Execution 

The Project Review Committee will monitor a project’s progress and 
success metrics. This will include the management of individual project 
managers who will report to the committee on a regular basis. The 
Project Review Committee reports to the Adel Board on project 
progress, and community participation will occur on a periodic basis. 
The community will see a summary of these activities in the Project 
Module. 

Ethical, moral, and legal standards will be monitored throughout the 
operation of projects. Violation of the Adel Philosophy will be addressed 
by a committee consisting of staff, Board members and legal experts. If 
a project is ongoing and successful, then rewards are distributed to 
holders of Adelshare (ADS) in a particular project. 

Approvals 

Final approval for every project is based on a community voting result. 
Members decide if the project will be funded from community funds or 
passed on to individual funding and become a Group Project. The 
Board serves as a curator of the community in order to remove 



 

unacceptable activities due to legal concerns, impracticality, or if the 
project violates Adel's philosophy. 

Part of the approval process is the Project Review Committee’s review 
of all relevant documentation necessary for approval. Cost analysis will 
be reviewed to determine whether there are sufficient funds necessary 
for the initial project’s capital, as well as ongoing costs for the first 
three years of operation. Project plans that are voted on and approved 
by the community will include acceptance of the business plan, 
including all costs involved. Funds released for each project will be 
approved by the Adel Board. 
▲ Human Resources ▲ With regards to the appointments of 

responsibility, the security of community funds prevails. 
Therefore, the members of each project will be identified 
according to Adel’s Anti-Money Laundering (AML) procedures. 

▲ Mentoring ▲ Mentoring for each project and its management will 
be provided by the Board and the project management team in 
order to maximize the return on capital utilized. 

▲ Participation ▲ Members will participate in the entire Idea to 
Project Supply Chain. They can present ideas, help improve on 
the market viability of the idea, help create the business plan, and 
solicit their expertise in the employment of a project. 

▲ Motivation ▲ Motivation for members of the project team will be 
in the form of rewards and salaries. Some members will also be 
stakeholders in the project, so this is added motivation to ensure 
their contribution is successful in the form of project rewards paid 
to the member in Adelphoi (ADL). 

▲ Employment ▲ The project team will be selected from 
knowledgeable experts within the community who have 
demonstrated expertise in the project's respective area(s). If 
expertise cannot be sourced within the community, then the role 
will be filled by an external candidate. 

▲ Project Management ▲ Management of the overall project 
portfolio will be monitored by a Project Manager who will report 
to the Project Review Committee. 

About Adel 

Adel is a community incubator for blockchain innovation. 
▲ Adel is a global cryptocurrency community that is self-sustaining 

and offers its own economic ecosystem with the Adelphoi coin. 
Our community focuses on creating, developing, and 
implementing use cases involving blockchain technology that 
covers a wide range of digital and physical industries. Projects 
are chosen by the community and successful ventures are either 

https://www.adelphoi.io/


 

re-invested in for further growth or issued as rewards to Adel's 
stakeholders. 

About the Authors 

Gabriel Dusil 

Gabriel is a seasoned sales and marketing expert with over twenty 
years of experience in senior level positions at companies such as 
Motorola, VeriSign (acquired by Symantec in 2010), and SecureWorks 
(acquired by Dell in 2011), and Cognitive Security (acquired by Cisco in 
2013). His strengths lie in international business development and 
strategic partnerships, as well as the unique ability to translate complex 
ideas and technologies into language that decision makers can easily 
understand. Gabriel has a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering Physics 
from McMaster University in Canada and possesses expert knowledge 
in blockchain incubation, cloud computing, IT security, and video 
streaming technologies (Over the Top Content, OTT). Gabriel also runs 
his own company, Euro Tech Startups s.r.o., and manages his 
professional blog at https://dusil.com. 

Michal Vavrek 

Michal is an entrepreneur with international experience specializing in 
global business development and project management. He graduated 
from Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business with a degree in 
Finance and International Business and worked in various capacities in 
New York, Zurich and Prague. Michal is an active cryptocurrency 
entrepreneur with an extensive background in Forex algorithmic trading 
strategies and is always seeking new opportunities that maximize 
blockchain technologies. 

http://eurostartups.tech/
https://dusil.com/


 

White Paper 

  

Designing a Blockchain 
Incubator 

▲ Roadmap Series 

By: Gabriel Dusil, Co-founder & General Manager, Adel 
 Michal Vavrek, Founder & CEO, Adel 

Framework 

Adel is an incubator for blockchain innovation. Members are active 
participants in the formation and creation of innovative projects. They 
participate by proposing, collaborating, and improving ideas, as well as 
helping progress them to the business planning stage. Members who 
participate in the formation of the idea and business plan can become 

Framework 
Roadmap 
Phase 1 
Phase 2 
Phase 3 
Ecosystem 



 

future investors in projects, and can even participate as full-time 
employees once the project is launched. All participants can utilize their 
expertise to help fuel innovation and create viable projects. All 
members can have an integral role in the project’s formulation and 
success. 

Roadmap 

To create an effective and efficient startup incubator, Adel has 
established a phased deployment to build the ecosystem: 

 

▲ February 2016 ▲ Adel is founded 

▲ June 2016 ▲ Phase I ▲ Ecosystem Architecture 

▲ December 6th, 2016 ▲ Website is launched 



 

▲ March 17th, 2017 ▲ Adel Ecosystem Ltd. registered in Isle of Man 

▲ May 1st, 2017 ▲ ICO, round 1 begins 

▲ June 2017 ▲ Community module development begins 

▲ June 2017 ▲ Idea to Project Supply Chain begins 

▲ Q3 2017 ▲ ADL listed on exchanges 

▲ Nov 27th-30th 2017 ▲ Community votes ADL Swap to Ethereum  

▲ Feb 15th, 2018 ▲ ADL Swaps to Ethereum  

▲ Q1 2018 ▲ Ardor is released 

▲ Q1 2018 ▲ Phase II ▲ Funding & Legal Framework 

▲ Q2 2018 ▲ Project Module is released 

▲ Q2 2018 ▲ ADS becomes an asset on Ardor 

▲ Q3 2018 ▲ First projects are funded & launched 

▲ Q4 2018 ▲ Phase III ▲ Project Execution 

Phase I ▲ Ecosystem Architecture 

Adel has established a Limited Liability Company (LLC) in the Isle of 
Man called Adel Ecosystem Ltd. The role of this company is; to 
formulate great ideas into business plans; facilitate and curate 
community activities; and protect the Adel brand and filter projects that 
are deemed to violate its ethical, moral or legal philosophy. In addition, 
Adel’s role is to ensure the Idea to Project Supply Chain is progressing 
efficiently and effectively. Furthermore: 

▲ Control resides with community members. The community 
participates in project creation and has the voting power to choose 
which projects are approved. All members can be active 
participants in the creation of ideas, building business plans, and in 
the execution of projects. 

▲ This legal entity will adhere to Anti-Money Laundering (AML), 
Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF), and Know your Customer (KYC) 
requirements. 

▲ Adel will also implement security solutions that follow International 
Organization for Standardization, such as ISO 27001 for 



 

Information Security Management. 
 

The Adelphoi (ADL) coin1 will be a digital currency used primarily within 
the community. It will be used to purchase products, services, and 
solutions within the community, and to solicit the expertise of other 
members in community services to help fuel the success of projects. In 
addition: 

▲ ADL coins will also be used as remuneration where members 
provide their employment services in projects. In addition, ADL will 
be the currency used to reward project owners with dividends. 

▲ Adelphoi (ADL) is a digital currency primarily available for the Adel 
Community. ADL will be tradable on external exchanges giving the 
opportunity for new participants to join the community. External 
trading of ADL opens the opportunities to bring fresh ideas to the 
community through community growth. 

▲ A member’s voting power will be associated with the amount of 
ADL in their account. For example, a member with 100,000 ADL in 
their wallet will have a hundred times more voting power than one 
with 1000 ADL. 

▲ Part of the capital of the ADL coin from Adel Ecosystem Ltd. will be 
used to establish the investment vehicle in phase 2 and the 
creation of Adelshare (ADS) token. 
 

Adel’s Community portal is exclusive to members only. Adel is primarily 
an incubator for blockchain innovation. Membership is granted to 
Adelphoi holders that meet the minimum requirement of over 1 BTC2 
(during the respective ICO round, or over 64000 ADL after the ICO. In 
addition, Adel will: 

▲ Ensure a secure environment for its members. 

▲ Create an environment where the Adelphoi coin can be used for 
transactions. 

▲ Develop a Community Portal that will consist of six modules: 
i. Account Module 
ii. Collaboration Module 
iii. Voting Module 
iv. Trading Module 
v. Market Module 
vi. Project Module 



 

Phase II ▲ Funding & Legal Framework 

This phase will entail the creation of a new legal entity to establish an 
investment license. This entity will introduce a new token called the 
Adelshare (ADS) and will represent a member’s profit participation in 
projects. Once ADS tokens are established, then participants will buy 
these profit participation tokens using their Adelphoi (ADL) coin. These 
will be tokenized on the blockchain as the Adelshare (ADS). 

▲ This legal entity will adhere to Anti-Money Laundering (AML), 
Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF), and Know your Customer (KYC) 
requirements. 

▲ In this second phase, ADS will represent profit participation in 
projects, and can only be purchased with ADL coins. 

▲ Profit participation of ADS allows its holder a respective profit 
participation based on one unit per ADS. 

▲ Purchasing Adelshares (ADS) will only be possible for Adel 
members. 

Phase III ▲ Project Execution 

The process flow for projects begins with submitting ideas to the Adel 
Board and the Project Review Committee for review and discussion. 
Ideas then proceed to the marketing stage to prepare a high-level 
overview document and/or presentation, its market positioning and 
landscape, value proposition, and unique selling points. The main 
purpose of this high-level document is to communicate this idea to the 
rest of the members. 

Then the project enters the business planning stage with the guidance 
of the Project Review Committee and its community members. When a 
project plan is nearing completion then it is ready for a community 
vote. Members will vote on the project based on the combined 
weighted value of ADL in their wallet (and ADS, once this token is 
available). The voting process anticipates three main outcomes: 

▲ There will be members who vote no to a project’s business plan. 

▲ There will be members who vote yes to a project’s business plan3. 

▲ There will be non-active voters who do not vote at all. 
 



 

Approved projects will take one of four forms: 

▲ Community Projects ▲ Majority Approved Projects ▲ Voting results 
are tallied and if the community’s yes result is greater than 50%, 
then it is designated a Community Project. Here is an example of 
how community funding will work: 

a. Once the second phase investment vehicle is established, 
members will be invited to create a community-pooled fund by 
using their ADL to purchase ADS. Their wallet will reflect their 
profit stake in the pooled fund as a representation of their profit 
participation and for future dividends for community projects. 

b. When the threshold of ADS is raised for the community fund, 
the seed capital will be released from the BTC repository 
(collected during the ICO) to begin funding the community 
project. 

c. In terms of profit participation, 30% of community projects will 
be allocated to Adel and 70% will reside with members who 
own the ADS tokens. 
 

▲ Group Projects ▲ Minority Approved Projects ▲ If less than 50% of 
the community says yes to a project, then the project can become 
a Group Project: 

a. Projects are funded by members who have purchased ADS in 
the project – forming a “group”. Group participants can choose 
how many ADL from their wallet they wish to use to purchase 
ADS tokens. Adelshares are the representation of a member’s 
profit participation in a project. 

b. Once the required ADS profit participation tokens have been 
purchased by members then Adel’s BTC repository will be used 
as seed-fund the project. 

Only active voters in a group project (those that actually voted 
“yes” or “no” in the voting window) can fund the project and 
become a participant to that project. This is to ensure a 
maximum number of members participate in the voting process: 
You need to vote to participate. 
 

▲ Innovator Group Projects ▲ Innovator Community Projects ▲ These 
are projects where an idea is submitted by an Innovator (a 
member of the community) or from external party with an existing 
product or service. 



 

a. The Innovator (or external party) first indicates their profit 
percentage of the project. In other words, if an innovator 
requests x% of the project profit participation then the 
remaining split will be 30% for Adel Ecosystem Ltd and 70%-x% 
for the Group or Community. It will be the decision of the 
community vote to decide if this is an acceptable business plan 
to approve the project. If it is not approved, then the business 
plan (and innovator split) may need to be revised accordingly. 

b. In terms of profit participation: x% the project’s Adelshare is 
allocated to the Innovator of the project, 30% is for Adel 
Ecosystem Ltd., and 70-x% of the Adelshare is allocated to the 
active participants of the project. 

Ecosystem 

Building our ecosystem will be a learning process. Not just for the 
community members, but also its leadership. Our goal is to find 
balance between a healthy ecosystem where innovation and 
collaboration can flourish, while maintaining a best effort approach to 
legal compliance and future legislation. There are many challenge that 
the ecosystem will face. Particularly a market where technology leads 
and legislation lags. 

Adel is trail-blazing blockchain startups into mainstream economics. 
We seek to build a path that is safe, ethical, and principled. There are 
many obstacles along the way, but we have accepted them as an 
opportunity and a challenge. It is our mission to create a strong and 
stable incubator for blockchain innovation, and build projects that will 
change the future. 

About Adel 

Adel is a community incubator for blockchain innovation. 

▲ Adel is a global cryptocurrency community that is self-sustaining 
and offers its own economic ecosystem with the Adelphoi coin. 
Our community focuses on creating, developing, and implementing 
use cases involving blockchain technology that covers a wide 

https://www.adelphoi.io/


 

range of digital and physical industries. Projects are chosen by the 
community and successful ventures are either re-invested in for 
further growth or issued as rewards to Adel's stakeholders. 

About the Authors 

Gabriel Dusil 

Gabriel is a seasoned sales and marketing expert with over twenty 
years of experience in senior level positions at companies such as 
Motorola, VeriSign (acquired by Symantec in 2010), and SecureWorks 
(acquired by Dell in 2011), and Cognitive Security (acquired by Cisco in 
2013). His strengths lie in international business development and 
strategic partnerships, as well as the unique ability to translate complex 
ideas and technologies into language that decision makers can easily 
understand. Gabriel has a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering Physics 
from McMaster University in Canada and possesses expert knowledge 
in blockchain incubation, cloud computing, IT security, and video 
streaming technologies (Over the Top Content, OTT). Gabriel also runs 
his own company, Euro Tech Startups s.r.o., and manages his 
professional blog at https://dusil.com. 

Michal Vavrek 

Michal is an entrepreneur with international experience specializing in 
global business development and project management. He graduated 
from Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business with a degree in 
Finance and International Business and worked in various capacities in 
New York, Zurich and Prague. Michal is an active cryptocurrency 
entrepreneur with an extensive background in Forex algorithmic trading 
strategies and is always seeking new opportunities that maximize 
blockchain technologies. 

References 

http://eurostartups.tech/
https://dusil.com/


 

1 There will be no asset rights or dividends associated with the Adelphoi 
coin. 
2 This minimum incorporates ICO contribution bonuses earned 
throughout different stages of the ICO. 
3 If the amount of “yes” votes is deemed too small to be even a group 
project, then it could be shelved and revisited at a future date if ample 
enhancements can be made. Or the project plan could be combined 
with another idea to make it more viable. As more projects enter the 
community, then there are more possibilities for combining innovative 
ideas. 

                                                   



 

 

White Paper 

  

Foundation of a 
Community Accelerator 

▲ Roadmap Series 

By: Michal Vavrek, Founder & Board Member, Adel 
Gabriel Dusil, Co-founder & Board Member, Adel 

Abstract 

Adel is passionate about creating a robust platform for blockchain 
innovation. We have great plans for the ecosystem. It is our intention to 
move forward with building the Adel ecosystem and progressing with 
our roadmap1. For this reason, and in light of the ICO funding progress 
to date, we have prepared this revised and compelling roadmap for 
participants of the ICO. 

Cornerstone 
ICO Compensation Plan 
Participant Example 
ICO Thresholds 
ICO Voting 
Future Developments 
 



 

 

Our platform represents a unique opportunity for blockchain startups to 
be successful. Adel has strong leadership and expertise to make this 
happen, and it is our feeling that participants of the ICO also believe in 
our vision. The following plan, outlined in this paper, is a win-win from 
several angles: 
▲ ICO participants have the ability to receive a new 20% Post·ICO 

bonus on their contributions - in addition to the ICO Bonuses 
achieved through the ICO. 

▲ Contributors will receive higher market value for their ADL coins. 
▲ The Adel Reserve (explained below) will enable the ability to raise 

further capital for new projects. 
▲ Members of the community will benefit from the liquidity of the 

ADL coin. 

Cornerstone 

Adel strongly believes in the vision of a collaborative community that 
will collectively create the foundations for launching successful projects. 

Adel initially established 900 BTCs as a minimum to begin phase two2 
of the ecosystem’s development. This phase entails: building the 
community, creating a legal structure for community members to 
participate in the community, and launching a selection of voted 
projects. From this minimum, 30% (270 BTC) was allocated to fund this 
process. 

Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF) and 
Know your Customer (KYC) compliance processes were necessary steps 
to protect the community. With cryptocurrencies becoming 
mainstream, it is only a matter of time before all projects comply with 
effective legislation and regulatory oversight. Adel took on this 
challenge as the first ICO to be compliant to regulations. With the 
proposed amendment of the European Union 4th AMLD (Anti-money 
Laundering Directive) explicitly regulating providers of virtual currencies 
services, which now awaits EU Parliament 1st reading, it is more than 
likely that compliance will be enforced on all crypto exchanges and 
wallet providers. On the other hand, these measures have attracted 
serious business executives who are interested in building Adel. 



 

 

By establishing our legal entity, Adel Ecosystem Ltd., and registering as 
a Designated Business with the Isle of Man Financial Services 
Authority, Adelphoi is in line with valid laws and its AML compliance 
procedures are duly documented. We have also stated our future 
intention to release the Adelshare (ADS) token so that members will 
have profit participation and profit sharing rights. In addition, we have 
hired a team of finance, legal, and investment experts to design the 
second phase of our strategy. We are proud to say that the foundations 
laid in phase one complement the processes we will have road mapped 
in phase two.  

Adel fully intends to bring the community together and have everyone 
who invested over 1 BTC to become part of the community. Adel is 
ready to take on any project blockchain idea and turn it into a 
successful mainstream product. However, before we do this, we need 
to hold a vote in order to decide the path Adel should take based on 
the following proposal. 

ICO Compensation Plan 

With 900 BTC as our publicized minimum, this entailed a reserve of 
30% (i.e. 270 BTC) to implement Adel’s second phase. The remaining 
70% BTC would be used to fund community projects. In light of the 
current ICO crowdfund status, we have prepared a revised plan to 
ensure that enough seed capital will exist to sustain Adel’s growth for 
the foreseeable future. For this reason, we propose following: 

Adel will establish a fixed rate for the Adel coin (i.e. based on the 
minimum amount required in the ICO). This fixed rate will be the initial 
market value for the ADL coin on exchanges: 

𝑨𝑫𝑳 𝑭𝒊𝒙𝒆𝒅 𝑹𝒂𝒕𝒆 =
28,333,333 𝐴𝐷𝐿

900 𝐵𝑇𝐶
=  𝟑𝟏, 𝟒𝟖𝟏. 𝟓 

𝑨𝑫𝑳

𝑩𝑻𝑪
 

= 𝟎. 𝟎𝟎𝟎𝟎𝟑𝟏𝟕𝟔
𝑩𝑻𝑪

𝑨𝑫𝑳
 

The following example is based on Adel collecting 380 BTC from ICO 
contributions. The calculations below will be readjusted based on the 
final amount collected at the end of the 1st ICO (the accompanying 



 

 

spreadsheet can be used to calculate the final figures). Therefore, Adel 
will distribute a proportional percentage of 28,333,333 ADL coins to ICO 
participants, calculated as follows: 

𝑰𝑪𝑶 𝑷𝒂𝒓𝒕𝒊𝒄𝒊𝒑𝒂𝒏𝒕 𝑨𝒍𝒍𝒐𝒄𝒂𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏 =  
380 𝐵𝑇𝐶

900 𝐵𝑇𝐶
=   42.2% 

=  28,333,333 ∗
380 𝐵𝑇𝐶

900 𝐵𝑇𝐶
 

=   𝟏𝟏, 𝟗𝟔𝟐, 𝟗𝟔𝟑 𝑨𝑫𝑳 

▲ Adel will offer a new favorable rate to ICO participants to reward 
their confidence in Adel’s vision. On this basis, an additional 20% 
will be allocated from the Adel Reserve (see below) for Post·ICO 
Participant Bonuses (this is in addition to bonuses received during 
the ICO): 

𝑷𝒐𝒔𝒕 ∙ 𝑰𝑪𝑶 𝑷𝒂𝒓𝒕𝒊𝒄𝒊𝒑𝒂𝒏𝒕 𝑩𝒐𝒏𝒖𝒔𝒆𝒔 = 11,962,963 ∗ 20% 

= 𝟐, 𝟑𝟗𝟐, 𝟓𝟗𝟑 𝑨𝑫𝑳 

▲ An ADL reserve, retained by the Adel Ecosystem to raise funds for 
future project profit, will be calculated as follows: 

𝑨𝑫𝑳 𝑹𝒆𝒔𝒆𝒓𝒗𝒆 = 28,333,333 − 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐴𝑙𝑙𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛

− 𝑃𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐼𝐶𝑂 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐵𝑜𝑛𝑢𝑠𝑒𝑠 − 𝐼𝐶𝑂 𝐵𝑜𝑛𝑢𝑠𝑒𝑠 

= 28,333,333 − 11,962,963 −  2,392,593 − 𝐼𝐶𝑂 𝐵𝑜𝑛𝑢𝑠𝑒𝑠 

= 𝟏𝟑, 𝟗𝟕𝟕, 𝟕𝟕𝟖 − 𝑰𝑪𝑶 𝑩𝒐𝒏𝒖𝒔𝒆𝒔 

▲ The exact value of the ICO bonuses will not be known until the 
end of the ICO, and will be calculated from the contributions of all 
ICO participants. 

▲ The ADL Reserve will initially be traded on exchanges at the fixed 
rate calculated above = 0.00003176 ADL per BTC. The BTC 
obtained will remain in escrow until the investment entity and the 
Adelshare ADS token is established (roadmap: phase two).  

Adel is currently negotiating with exchanges to list our ADL coin. Listing 
ADL on exchanges will allow for a new wave of investors to join the 
community after the ICO, and potentially raise the value of ADL 
substantially after the ICO. 



 

 

 

Participant Example 

The accompanying spreadsheet can be used to calculate the Adel 
Wallet for any ICO participant. In this example, we assume that a 
participant has their Dashboard showing the following details: 

• Your Share: 2.276% (Voting power will be recalculated 
based on active members) 

• Your Contributions: 5.0072 BTC 
• Adel Coins: 644,866 ADL (Wallet is recalculated below) 
• Voting Bonus (Account tab): 0.8763 (or 17.50% averaged 

ICO bonus = “effective BTCs”). 
 

▲ First of all, the participant’s Adel coins are recalculated based on 
the fixed rate above, 31,481.5 ADL per BTC, as follows: 

𝑷𝒐𝒔𝒕 · 𝑰𝑪𝑶 𝑾𝒂𝒍𝒍𝒆𝒕 = 5.0072 𝐵𝑇𝐶 ∗ 31,481.5 
𝐴𝐷𝐿

𝐵𝑇𝐶
 

= 𝟏𝟓𝟕, 𝟔𝟑𝟒 𝑨𝑫𝑳 



 

 

▲ Secondly, their voting bonus is converted to an ICO bonus as 
follows: 

𝑰𝑪𝑶 𝑩𝒐𝒏𝒖𝒔 = 157,634 ∗ 17.50% 

= 𝟐𝟕, 𝟓𝟖𝟕 𝑨𝑫𝑳 

▲ Thirdly, their Post·ICO Participant Bonuses is calculated as follows: 

𝑷𝒐𝒔𝒕 ∙ 𝑰𝑪𝑶 𝑷𝒂𝒓𝒕𝒊𝒄𝒊𝒑𝒂𝒏𝒕 𝑩𝒐𝒏𝒖𝒔 = 157,634 ∗ 20% 

= 𝟑𝟏, 𝟓𝟐𝟕 𝑨𝑫𝑳 

▲ This participant’s effective ADL return on investment is their ICO 
bonus + Post·ICO Participant Bonuses: 17.50% + 20% = 37.53%. 

▲ From the figures above, their wallet and total bonuses are 
calculated as follows: 

𝑰𝑪𝑶 𝑾𝒂𝒍𝒍𝒆𝒕 = 157,634 + 𝐼𝐶𝑂 𝐵𝑜𝑛𝑢𝑠 +  𝑃𝑜𝑠𝑡 ∙ 𝐼𝐶𝑂 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐵𝑜𝑛𝑢𝑠 

= 157,634 + 27,587 + 31,527 𝐴𝐷𝐿 

= 𝟐𝟏𝟔, 𝟕𝟒𝟖 𝑨𝑫𝑳 

▲ Revised Dashboard: 
• Your Contributions: 5.0072 BTC 
• ICO Contributions in ADL: 157,748 ADL 
• ADL ICO Bonus (17.50%): 27,587 ADL 
• Post·ICO Participant Bonus (20%): 31,527 ADL 
• Total Wallet: 216,748 ADL 
• The participant’s actual voting power will be calculated 

proportionally, based on the active members holding over 
1 BTC in their wallet. 



 

 

ICO Thresholds 

 

▲ Up to 270 BTC ▲ BTC funds up to 270 BTC will be released to 
Adel to fund phase two. BTCs raised from the sale of ADL on the 
exchanges from the Adel Reserve will be placed in escrow. Any 
BTC raised above 270 BTC will be stored in escrow. 

𝑰𝐶𝑶 𝑻𝒉𝒓𝒆𝒔𝒉𝒐𝒍𝒅 #𝟏 =  900 𝐵𝑇𝐶 ∗ 30% = 𝟐𝟕𝟎 𝑩𝑻𝑪 

▲ Up to 643 BTC ▲ This is the upper limit of the “ICO 
Compensation Plan” outlined above. This threshold is needed 
because the remaining Adel Reserve will be used to pay the 20% 
Post·ICO Participant Bonuses, plus the theoretical maximum of 
20% paid for the ICO Bonuses, calculated as follows: 

𝑰𝑪𝑶 𝑻𝒉𝒓𝒆𝒔𝒉𝒐𝒍𝒅 #𝟐 =
900 𝐵𝑇𝐶

1 + (20% + 20%) 𝑏𝑜𝑛𝑢𝑠𝑒𝑠
 

 =  𝟔𝟒𝟑 𝑩𝑻𝑪 

▲ Above 643 BTC up to 750 BTC ▲ In this bracket, ICO Bonuses will 
be calculated on a weighted distribution as outlined in White 
Paper #1. But ICO participants will still receive an additional 20% 
Post·ICO Participant Bonus for their participation: 



 

 

𝑰𝑪𝑶 𝑻𝒉𝒓𝒆𝒔𝒉𝒐𝒍𝒅 #𝟑 =
900 𝐵𝑇𝐶

1 + 20% 𝑃𝑜𝑠𝑡 · 𝐼𝐶𝑂 𝑏𝑜𝑛𝑢𝑠
  

 =  𝟕𝟓𝟎 𝑩𝑻𝑪 

▲ Above 750 BTC ▲ All bonuses will be calculated on a weighted 
distribution as outlined in White Paper #1. Voting will be held by 
members contributing over 1 BTC during the ICO to decide on the 
ICO Compensation plan above. 

▲ Above 900 BTC ▲ All bonuses will be calculated on a weighted 
distribution as outlined in White Paper #1. No voting will be held 
because the ICO minimum will have been achieved. 

ICO Voting 
As per the use of funds, 270 BTC from the BTCs collected from the ICO 
will be released from escrow immediately after the ICO in order to build 
the community, portal modules, and create a legal structure for 
community members to participate in community investments through 
the ADS token (as per originally planned). BTC collected from the Adel 
Reserve and sold on the exchanges will be escrowed and released after 
the investment vehicle is established (phase two). In addition: 
▲ All community members who contributed over 1 BTC will vote on 

the release of the 270 BTCs to Adel based on the above plan, 
proportional to their voting power. The final decision on how to 
proceed will be made by those who have voted. 

• If the community votes “Yes”, then Adel will proceed with 
the Post ICO Strategy (above). Adel will also assess if 
these funds will allow at least one global project to be 
launched. 

• If the community votes “No”, then all BTC contributions 
will be refunded without bonuses. Adel will then retain all 
28,333,333 ADL to be then sold to interested parties at an 
initial fixed rate of 1 ADL = 0.00003176 BTC. 

▲ ICO Terms & Conditions will be updated to reflect the changes in 
this white paper. 



 

 

▲ Participants who would like a refund of their ICO contributions 
before the community vote of this plan can send their request to 
ico@adelphoi.io. Refunds will be issued based on the email 
address of the participant and their BTC refund address (provided 
in the settings menu of their ICO module). Refunds will only be 
accepted before the voting window commences on these 
planned changes to the ICO Terms & Conditions. 

In summary: 
▲ Participants can be refunded their contributions, if they wish, 

before voting commences on this plan. 
▲ Participants will be able to receive their contributions back in BTC 

if this plan receives a majority “No” vote from the community 
members who contributed over 1 BTC. 

▲ If a majority vote to this plan is “Yes”, then participants will be 
issued ADL coins based on their ICO contribution as per the 
example calculations in this paper, plus an additional 20% 
Post·ICO Participant Bonus, plus their ICO Bonuses. 

Future Developments 

The Adel Board has ambitious plans to launch the community portal 
and to launch global projects owned by the community through the 
ADS token. Areas which have not yet been publicized and are planned 
for a new white paper include: 
▲ Plans to open the first professionally managed cryptocurrency 

investment platform to effectively manage funds collected and 
traded on speculation. This will be part of a risk management 
strategy for community funds, and any licenses and legal entities 
to realize this goal will be pursued. 

▲ Adel also plans to open a cryptocurrency trading platform for 
community members. 

▲ Regarding projects, the focus will be to propose and communally 
enhance FinTech projects such as cryptocurrency exchange with 
financial instruments, Exchange-Traded Fund (ETF) investment 
funds, and a P2P ATM, all of which will be available for the 
community to vote on. 



 

 

▲ In addition, Adel continues to strategize on business plans that 
will maximize value for the Adel community. 

About Adel 

Adel is a community incubator for blockchain innovation. 
▲ Adel is a global cryptocurrency community that is self-sustaining 

and offers its own economic ecosystem with the Adelphoi coin. 
Our community focuses on creating, developing, and 
implementing use cases involving blockchain technology that 
covers a wide range of digital and physical industries. Projects 
are chosen by the community and successful ventures are either 
re-invested in for further growth or issued as rewards to Adel's 
stakeholders. 

About the Authors 

Michal Vavrek 

Michal is an entrepreneur with international experience specializing in 
global business development and project management. He graduated 
from Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business with a degree in 
Finance and International Business and worked in various capacities in 
New York, Zurich and Prague. Michal is an active cryptocurrency 
entrepreneur with an extensive background in Forex algorithmic trading 
strategies and is always seeking new opportunities that maximize 
blockchain technologies. 

https://www.adelphoi.io/


 

 

Gabriel Dusil 

Gabriel is a seasoned sales and marketing expert with over twenty 
years of experience in senior level positions at companies such as 
Motorola, VeriSign (acquired by Symantec in 2010), and SecureWorks 
(acquired by Dell in 2011), and Cognitive Security (acquired by Cisco in 
2013). His strengths lie in international business development and 
strategic partnerships, as well as the unique ability to translate complex 
ideas and technologies into language that decision makers can easily 
understand. Gabriel has a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering Physics 
from McMaster University in Canada and possesses expert knowledge 
in blockchain incubation, cloud computing, IT security, and video 
streaming technologies (Over the Top Content, OTT). Gabriel also runs 
his own company, Euro Tech Startups s.r.o., and manages his 
professional blog at https://dusil.com. 

References 

1 Reference: White paper #10, “Designing a Blockchain Incubator”. 
2 Reference: White paper # 1, “Building a Decentralized Ecosystem” 

                                                   

http://eurostartups.tech/
https://dusil.com/

