



































Whitepaper layout.dpp


AICOIN ICO
AICOIN is a tokenized investment collective that
combines the pinpoint accuracy of Artificial
Intelligence trading with the “Wisdom of the Crowd”
to create substantial wealth for token holders.

Building Wealth Through the Power of

Artificial Intelligence and the Blockchain



The Advantages of
the Blockchain for Investment

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

AICOIN is a passive investment vehicle that uses a strategy combining the pinpoint accuracy

of Artificial Intelligence trading models with the “Wisdom of the Crowd” to generate a

profit for coin holder / investors. The first part of the strategy uses AI models and First

Global Credit’s proprietary technology to optimise market positions taken actively trading

the top cryptocurrency markets. The models take advantage of market inefficiencies by

automatically executing trades 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The ongoing profits

generated from the AI directed trading are then used to finance investment in early stage

companies focused on AI and public blockchain technology.

This dual approach provides significant advantages over conventional, single profit stream

investment strategies. The AI models are adaptive, designed to adjust to changing market

conditions in real-time, which allows them to exploit short-term market opportunities. This

trading provides a constant flow of profits into the Investment Pool which will present five

pre-vetted start-up companies to AICOIN  token holders to vote on for potential

investment. Since AICOIN is built on the ethereum blockchain, the functionality of the

smart contract provides complete transparency and supervising control over the voting

process.

Unlike traditional start-up focused funds, the AICOIN model creates a continuous profit

stream that is in part, committed to investing in an ongoing string of public blockchain and

AI start-up companies. This provides a significant advantage over the traditional model,

where investors commit their available capital to a number of seed stage companies and

then must wait for the companies to grow in value before some of the exits provide

another round of capital for investment.  If a surge in innovation arises while their capital

is committed elsewhere, the investor will miss potentially significant opportunities. 1

AICOIN ICO



2

INTRODUCTION

Advanced learning algorithms have largely been the domain of trading banks and hedge

funds who use AI as part of a larger strategy that employs a variety of trading tactics. Their

type of models react to split second changes in relationships between different markets.

The spoils go to the banks with the fastest models and the fastest execution that can

advantage of short term transient market inefficiencies. Because the markets traded are

mature, the movements are usually minute, with huge transactions that drive

correspondingly high profits.

On the other hand, cryptocurrencies are the brave new world of trading. The markets are

relatively young and still very inefficient. It is not unusual to see bitcoins move 10% in a

single day. In addition, due to size and potential regulatory conflicts, the cryptocurrency

markets are largely shunned by established trading houses leaving the field open for

dynamic young companies to take advantage of the opportunities in the markets. With

market capitalisation ballooning (cryptocurrency market capitalisation has grown from

$8.8bn to 80.6bn in the past year with no signs of a slowdown), the time is right for a

dispassionate,  self-learning trading engine to take advantage of an environment where

less professional and less disciplined traders create many profit opportunities.

The efficacy of AI has already been proven. We now have AI being used in a range of

supportive technologies from security to medical research, natural disaster prediction and

agriculture.  Deep learning models are utilized to predict consumer behaviour, traffic flow

in urban centres, and Google’s AI AlphaGo bested World Go champion Lee Sedol in four out

of five matches last year, a feat that until very recently was considered impossible.

However, that only forms half of the AICOIN profit opportunity.



3

Any investor who takes positions in early stage technology companies does so because

the return on capturing an early stake in a massive breakthrough company can be

enormous. They will also know that there are two major problems faced when trying to

select companies for investment:

§ Expertise. Any single investor has business areas they understand and other areas of

gaps in their knowledge. VC funds have teams of analysts to vet companies while Angel

investors generally make decisions alone. Even if an angel joins a syndicate to make

early stage investments, the syndicate decisions usually rest in one pair of hands.

§ Spread of Risk. Usually, capital is allocated to take positions in a number of business

investments. But once the capital is committed, there is a period of several years until

the opportunity arises for a profitable exit giving the investor new capital to invest.

The AICOIN Wisdom of the Crowd model provides a path to better business decisions:

§ Expertise. The seed stage companies are presented to all token holders who can vote

on their preferred of five investment options or choose to make no investment at all

in the current period. By utilising the combined expertise of all token holders AICOIN

draws upon a vast knowledge base, which as a group, has been shown in many

studies to make better decisions than an individual or small group of decision makers.

THE POWER OF BOTH MODELS COMBINED

Every week 50% of the profit generated by the AI models will be funnelled into the

Investment Pool for investment in early stage, seed companies.

By providing a regular stream of new capital into the Investment Pool, the power of the

two models combined provide a significant advantage to token holders. The token holders

have a continual stream of capital to invest. This means there will be funds available if a

period of technological growth creates a cluster of new opportunities instead of losing out

for a period of years waiting until a successful exit frees capital up for new investments.

THE WISDOM OF THE CROWD MODEL FOR EARLY STAGE INVESTMENT:
IMPOSSIBLE BEFORE THE BLOCKCHAIN

ICO VISION

Our Vision for AICOIN is to bridge the divide between a conventional trading / investment

company and a DAO without formal structure.

We recognise that to hold investments in other companies and hold assets with value this

should be done within a framework that recognises and respects the rights of the investors.

Our long term goal is to become one of the most successful seed investors in the AI and

Public Blockchain space, to support the adoption of public blockchain technology for the

benefit of the world as well as the AICOIN token holders. While a bold vision – this is

possible from a relatively modest starting point because of our unique two stage strategy.



4

STRUCTURE
CORPORATE FORMATION AND OWNERSHIP

Up to twenty thousand dollars ($20,000) worth of bitcoins will be released to the AICOIN

Management Team to pay for the formation of the Singapore Company plus associated

bank account.

The Singapore Company purpose is to manage assets on behalf of AICOIN token holders

and safeguard those assets. All assets managed by the Singapore company will be

collectively owned by AICOIN token holders.

After this company is formed, 100% of the remaining assets will be transferred into the

company to be used in the investment portfolio.  A contract will be issued by the

management company stating that its sole purpose is to provide a way to efficiently

manage the assets for the collective benefit of the AICOIN token holders. This contract will

assign the benefit of all after tax profits generated within the company after running costs

and management fees to token holders. All the assets, be they capital, market positions or

positions in start-up companies are to remain within the company for future asset growth

and managed for the collective benefit of AICOIN token holders.

At the start of trading, the Company will allocate 100% of the funds (after the $20,000

formation costs) into the Coin Pool. The Coin Pool will be traded using the AI models

outlined on the Ouraibot.org website.

Every week that the Coin Pool makes a new equity high (see below for the definition) then

10% of the New Equity High Profit is Paid to First Global Credit developers for the ongoing

maintenance and enhancement of the AI trading models. 50% is paid across into the Seed

Investment Pool (also held by the Singapore company,) 40% is retained within the Coin

Pool to increase the funds available for trading.

F ia t

accoun t s

H e l d  o n  b e h a l f
o f  t o k e n  h o l d e r s

H e l d  o n  b e h a l f
o f  t o k e n  h o l d e r s

Crypto -exchange

accoun t s

Company

Inves tmen t s

H e l d  o n  b e h a l f
o f  t o k e n  h o l d e r s

S ingapore

Ho ld ing  Company
A r t i c l e s  o f  A s s o c i a t i o n

d e t a i l  s c o p e  a n d  p u r p o s e

AICOIN
Token

Ho lde r s
T h e  C o l l e c t i v e



5

HOW THE COIN POOL OPERATES

The Coin Pool is made up of subscriber capital that is 100% available for asset growth used

both by the Coin Pool and Seed Investment Pool.

The operational rules of the Coin Pool are as follows:

§ All fiat currency will be held in bank accounts under the Singapore company name

or in authorised exchanges within accounts under the company name.

§ All cryptocurrency balances will be held within authorised exchanges or within the

company’s own cold storage wallets.

§ Where funds are held in cold storage, the wallets must be, wherever possible,

multi-sig wallets. All private keys must be held securely at separate geographic

locations. All authorised signing authorities must be located at separate geographic

locations. No single authority to have access to all keys.

§ Cryptocurrencies traded within the Coin Pool are expected to be BTC, ETH, ETC,

ZEC, DASH, XMR, or XRP. A finalised list will be confirmed closer to the launch date.

After the launch date no additional cryptocurrencies will be added to the trading

list unless a blockchain vote confirms a majority of votes cast in favour of a change

AND both the AI team and the First Global Credit Treasury Team approve the

alteration.

§ The list of authorised Exchanges the company can use will be published before the

launch of trading. Additional exchanges will be added or removed after the initial

launch based upon the assessment of counterparty risk by the First Global Credit

Treasury Team.



HOW THE COIN POOL OPERATES [CONTINUED]

Fiat Currencies the company will be permitted to hold funds in are:

§ SGD (Singapore Dollar)

§ USD (US Dollar)

§ EUR (Euro)

§ CHF (Swiss Franc)

§ GBP (British Pound)

Funds may not be held in other currencies unless a blockchain vote confirms a majority of

token holders being in favour of adding a currency.

When the Coin Pool achieves new Profit, as calculated using New Equity High (see below)

then:

§ 50% of this new profit is paid across into the Seed Investment Pool.

§ 10% of this new profit is paid to the AI development Group within First Global

Credit for ongoing use and support of the AI models as a management fee.

§ 40% of the new profit is returned to the Coin Pool to increase the value of the

assets traded.

All calculations are carried out in SGD (Singapore Dollars) using midnight UTC rates every

Friday. Where cryptocurrency is held this is first converted into USD using the rate of a

published exchange and then this USD value is converted into SGD (Singapore Dollars)

based upon the midnight FX rate published on a recognised data provider (primarily

Bloomberg).

6



7

CALCULATING NEW EQUITY HIGHS EXAMPLE

The starting High Equity Point for the Coin Pool will be the holdings of the funds

converted into SGD using the midnight UTC rate from the first Friday after the launch

criteria are fully met and the funds are available for trading.

The following example illustrates how the New Equity High calculation works.

For the purpose of this illustration, we will assume the Coin Pool starts at 2,000,000

SGD value.

At the end of week 1, assume the token makes a profit of 200,000 SGD. 10% will be

paid to First Global Credit (20,000 SGD), 50% will be paid into the Seed Investment

Pool. (100,000 SGD), 40% (80,000 SGD) will be credited to the Coin Pool for trading,

making the total in the Coin Pool now 2,080,000 SGD. The Equity High Point is also

2,080,000 SGD.

Week 2, we lose 50,000 SGD, there are no payments to FGC and no payments to the

Seed Investment Pool. The Coin Pool is now 2,030,000 SGD, the Equity High Point is

still 2,080,000 SGD.

Week 3, we make another 200,000 SGD. At the end of week 3 we have a Coin Pool

plus profit figure of 2,230,000 SGD – compared to the previous Equity High Point

(2,080,000 SGD) we have a New Equity High of 150,000 SGD (2,230,000 – 2,080,000).

This 150,000 SGD is again distributed 15,000 SGD to First Global Credit, 75,000 SGD

to the Seed Investment Pool, and 60,000 SGD into the Coin Pool.

At the End of Week 3, we have a Coin Pool of 2,140,000, an Equity High Point of

2,140,000, and an Investment Pool of 175,000 SGD.



8

HOW THE SEED INVESTMENT POOL OPERATES

The Seed Investment Pool is the exciting part of the proposition. This is where token

holders use their combined expertise to select seed investments in the fields of public

blockchain and AI.

These long term investments will be held either as tokens (in the event of an ICO

investment) or equity, convertible note of other investment type held by the

Singapore based company for the benefit of token holders. Because there will be a

company able to hold a stake in another company, we have the capability to make

seed investment into other companies, expanding the potential pool of start-up

acquisitions beyond other ICO cryptocurrency offerings.

The Operational Rules of the Seed Investment Pool are as follows:

§ Prospects will present investment proposals to the Singapore company.

§ The Investment Board will review all proposals and invite no more than 20

prospects to pitch to the investment board.

§ The investment board will select the most promising 5 prospects to put forward

to vote by the token holders. Note: - unsuccessful candidates will not be

discarded, they may be put forward at a later vote but each vote will be limited

to no more than 5 proposals.

§ Successful proposals will provide (optional) a video presentation plus

(mandatory) an executive summary, slide deck plus financials which will be made

available to those token holders wishing to vote.

§ There will be one vote per quarter and each token holder can vote for any of the

5 proposals or a 6th proposal (invest in none).



9

HOW THE SEED INVESTMENT POOL OPERATES [CONTINUED]

§ The company with the highest number of votes (votes are weighted by token

ownership) will receive funding from the Singapore Company once full due

diligence has been carried out.

§ If the highest vote is “none” then no investment is made that quarter.

§ The following quarter the selections can include any company overlooked once

in the previous round. New companies and also any companies that scored higher

votes than the “none” category can be presented again to token holders. Any

company that receives less than the “none” category in the coin holder vote is

permanently rejected.

§ When a seed investment is ultimately sold then 10% of the profit (amount

realised – amount invested) is paid to FGC for managing the investment process.

90% is re-invested back into the Seed Investment Pool.

The Investment Board consists of, initially, 5 members. Two of these members are

appointed by the token holders, three by First Global Credit on behalf of the

Singapore Company.

Every year there will be a vote to appoint a token holder to the investment board, the

appointments will be for a 2-year duration. The first vote will be for a 2 year

appointment and a 1 year appointment (the candidate with the highest support will

gain a 2 year appointment, the lower support will receive a 1 year appointment).

After this, each year will see one candidate being replaced, (the same candidate may

re-apply).

Votes for the candidate will be weighted by the number of tokens held by the voter.

We will provide an (Ask Me Anything) AMA session where candidates can present

their case for investment and voters can ask questions.



10

AUDIT
AI TRADING AUDIT

One hundred percent of subscribed funds (after company formation costs) will be

applied to cryptocurrency trading. These funds will be placed with exchanges and in

secure wallet addresses that are fully transparent to token holders.

§ All exchanges used for cryptocurrency trading must provide API access for trading

and also have the capability to provide a read-only API to review account

balances. The read-only API key will be published so that token holders can

validate the balances held at the exchange.

§ All cryptocurrency assets held outside of exchanges will be held at published

addresses. These addresses will be made available so that coin holders can

validate the funds held on their behalf by the company.

§ All fiat assets held outside of exchanges will be maintained in bank accounts held

in the holding company name. Funds held at these banks will be published on a

daily basis.

At any moment in time, token holders will be able to validate the holdings of the

entire Coin Pool to ensure assets and performance is reported accurately on a

continual basis.

COSTS AND TAXES

The Singapore entity will pay tax on all profits generated within the company. In

addition, all audit fees, running costs and expenses will be charged to the company.

These costs will be fully laid out as part of the quarterly audit report which will be

prepared by an independent international accountancy firm who will audit all

holdings and costs in both cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies.



11

AUDIT
TAKING PROFIT FROM AICOIN

The AICOIN is setup to build asset value for the benefit of AICOIN token holders.

Some positions taken (such as the AI based trading) are short term while others

(start-up investment) are much longer term.

To allow holders of AICOIN to realise some of their gains, we have made the token a

tradeable asset on the Ethereum Blockchain. The token will be listed on a number of

exchanges including First Global Credit, Poloniex and Bittrex (a full list will be

provided closer to the launch date).

We expect the value of the AICOIN to reflect both trading profit from the AI models

and a premium reflecting the anticipated value of the seed investments.

There will be a single issue of tokens, after the subscription is closed. New investors

will need to purchase tokens in the Open Market. We believe this will create a

demand for the tokens in excess of their asset value to reflect the ongoing

performance achieved.

To ensure a liquid market for token holders to realise some of their gains we will

release up to 10% of the Seed Investment Pool to purchase AICOINS at 5% below the

current asset value of the token. We anticipate prices being higher than this level at

all times but, in the event that any tokens are purchased, these will be offered back

into the market at a price 20% higher than their purchase price.

These token sales will be for the benefit of the Seed Investment Pool and profits

accrued from the difference between buy and sale prices will be returned to the Seed

Investment Pool.



12

SUBSCRIPTION DETAILS
SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD

§ Purchase Price. Each AICOIN token will be sold at a price of 0.01 bitcoin.

§ Pre-subscription Period. The pre-subscription period commences on 19th June

2017 and continues until midnight UTC on Sunday 16th July 2017.

§ Subscription Period. The formal subscription period will Commence on Monday

17th July and continue until midnight UTC on Sunday 28th August 2017.

§ Early suspension of issue. In the event that the subscription raises sufficient

funds before the end of the pre-subscription or subscription period then the

offer will be suspended and no further investments will be accepted. The limit

will be based upon the judgement of the First Global Credit team and will take

into account the size of the investment compared to the ability of the underlying

markets to absorb the trading size.

§ Pre-subscription bonuses.

§ Investors purchase up to 200 AICOINS in the pre-subscription period will

receive an additional 5% bonus AICOINS.

§ Investors who purchase between 200 and 1,000 AICOINS in the pre-

subscription period will receive an additional 15% bonus AICOINS.

§ Investors who purchase over 1,000 AICOINS in the pre-subscription period

will receive an additional 20% bonus AICOINS.

§ No bonuses are awarded for investments made during the regular subscription

period.

ACCEPTED COINS

§ During the pre-subscription period, Investments may be made in bitcoin only.

§ During the regular subscription period we will accept subscriptions in bitcoin,

ethereum, ether classic, and litecoin. The coins will be sold at a subscription of

0.01 bitcoin, the conversion from the invested coin into bitcoin will be based on

the midnight UTC rate at a designated exchange (full details before the

subscription period commences).



13

SUBSCRIPTION DETAILS [CONTINUED]
COIN MANAGEMENT PROCESS

§ During the pre-subscription and subscription period all payments are made into

a designated wallet address provided for your use. This will be, where possible,

a multi-sig wallet address. The funds will remain untouched in this wallet address

until the trigger events occur.

§ Trigger Event 1. When the subscription is closed to new investment then no

further subscriptions will be accepted. Any new funds deposited into the

receiving address will be returned to the originating address.

§ Trigger Event 2. The successful subscribers will have their tokens distributed to

their nominated wallet addresses.

§ Trigger Event 3. $20,000 worth of BTC will be taken from the pool to pay for the

Singapore company formation and contracts that have been previously prepared.

§ Trigger Event 4. Within two weeks following ICO closing the starting valuation

will be calculated and the funds released for trading.



14

TEAM
DEVELOPMENT TEAM

GAVIN SMITH
CEO First Global Credit
Risk Management/Product Specialist, AI Development Group

Gavin has a 25-year history in finance starting as a market

maker at London’s LIFFE Exchange. He has worked for a

variety of banks and financial companies. Most recently

before starting First Global Credit he was the global

derivatives and hedging project owner for Trafigura, one of

the world’s largest metal traders. Responsible for developing

a strategic roadmap for implementing hedging and derivative

solutions within Trafigura globally, his responsibilities include

a broad range of products including Metals, Oils, and Coal as

well as FX and Interest Rate exposures across Trafigura

globally.

LEE COOPER
Senior Developer

Lee has a 17-year history in development at the highest level.

He also comes a background at Trafigura. Lee has a highly

analytical and innovative mind. He is an enormously

productive and competent developer who has the ability to

scope out a software solution from problem definition

through to client GUI interface.

ANDY TYNAN
Senior Developer

Self-taught and extremely competent, Andy is a developer

with a 25-year history of working at banks and companies like

Openlink financial.



TEAM
FIRST GLOBAL CREDIT MANAGEMENT TEAM

GAVIN SMITH
CEO First Global Credit

MARCIE TERMAN
COO AND FOUNDING DIRECTOR, FIRST GLOBAL CREDIT

Marcie spent 15 years as a news editor at PBS’s NewsHour

before moving to London to work at a financial service

company. At Allegiance Global Investments Terman became a

licensed Commodity Trading Advisor (CTA) and headed the

communications arm of the company. She has run businesses

since she started her first company in 1990.

JON MATONIS
BOARD ADVISOR

Founding director of the Bitcoin Foundation, writer and

speaker at many international blockchain events. Jon is a

seminal force in the blockchain community and works hard to

drive the adoption of public blockchain to mainstream

industries.

JOE BELMONTE
MARKETING DIRECTOR

Joe holds a master’s degree in Advertising from Northwest

University and had a stellar career as a C grade executive at a

number of international advertising firms. He has had a

successful career managing international brands for dozens of

companies that have become household names.

15



16

APPENDIX A – TRADING MODEL
INTRODUCTION

When designing an AI solution to trade cryptocurrency markets we imposed some

key design requirements on the models, which we believe are critical to utilising AI to

profitably trade. These are:

1) Adaptability. Any solution must evolve over time. Financial markets are not static.

The factors that impact performance change over time and the mathematical

characteristics of a market will change as well – sometimes rapidly. Any solution

must be capable of adapting, and sometimes radically changing the model to

track changes in the market as they are happening.

2) Robustness. The models must be robust and not over-optimised to a market or

specific market condition. This creates some interesting conflicts between

requirement 1 (adaptability) and requirement 2 (robustness). The development

strategy must be designed so that the fitness function considers not just

performance but consistency. Any indication of over-fitting or over-optimisation

needs to be identified and rectified.

3) Ability to bootstrap with limited trade history. By working with an exchange, we

have had access to a significant amount of anonymized trade data but this alone

is insufficient to give the history required to analyse trade opportunities and

identify the best way to create a profitable outcome. To overcome this limitation,

we created significant trade history using “naïve” standard trading models and

indicators. In the first instance the AI models were set the task of “beating” the

static indicators. Instead of trying to learn from first principles, the models were

targeted with improving upon an existing trade set. By starting with a “simpler”

problem to solve, the model learning could be begun successfully. We then

extended this approach to improve upon some of the learned models building

layer upon layer of expertise.



17

ARCHITECTURE
The central engine of the AICOIN model is the deep learning algorithm that learns the

key characteristics to profitably trade the cryptocurrency markets; but this is only one

part of the whole.  The AICOIN trading model, in its entirety consists of four parts:

§ Pre-processing to generate model ideas and structure

§ Deep Learning training module

§ Live Candidate Evaluation

§ Trade Execution

These four elements work together to make the entire solution effective and scalable

as the funds traded by the model increases.

Pre-processing Deep Learning
Algorithms

Live Candidate
Evaluation

Trade Execution

"Naive Models" Market Data RT Market Data Updates



18

STEP 1. PRE-PROCESSING.
The pre-processing stage is driven by genetic algorithm based models. We start with

a large population that sets the “DNA” for the models that are then trained. This DNA

controls the structure of the deep learning network, the learning parameters, the

iteration count / early stopping criteria and the inputs to the model (what price series

to include, which static models to use etc.)

There are some unique twists we have added to the modelling to make it more

suitable for our purposes, gender and mutation.

The entire population is split 50:50 “male” and “female”. The elements of the DNA

for both genders are identical but there is a difference in the Fitness Function for

male and female models when we rank the models for fitness to produce offspring.

This difference in fitness function prevents the models from a tendency to cluster

around a single “strong” candidate. This is critical for our domain space, as the

population must maintain diversity to support Key Requirement 1 – the ability to

adapt as market conditions change.

Mutation is used, again, to prevent a stale population with all parameters in a similar

range but we have extended this to the model inputs. The model can combine models

as part of its DNA structure. Over time this will lead to entirely new static models being

evaluated by the model and included in the population if found to be successful.

STEP 2. DEEP LEARNING ALGORITHM.
Rather than re-invent the wheel we have utilised TensorFlow, a set of deep learning

libraries developed by Googles Machine Intelligence research organization. The

libraries are optimised to run on NVIDIA GPUs allowing incredibly efficient learning

runs to be executed on large amounts of data and complex models.

We designed the control software to run multiple models in parallel against a bank of

NVIDIA cards to power through the entire population rapidly and generate new

candidate models.

The models learn using the criteria controlled by the Genetic Algorithms, elements of

the model evolve their own unique set of characteristics that make them unique

amongst the trained models.



19

Step 3. Live Candidate Evaluation.

With any deep learning implementation, one of the key control points is preventing

“over-fitting” to the presented example cases. The models, if care isn’t taken, can go

beyond learning the characteristics of a market and instead “memorize” the market

behaviour and recall perfectly what has happened in the past but have no valid model

to project forward and trade markets profitably. There are two ways to overcome this

problem. One approach is to analyse the degrees of freedom in the model structure

to try to limit the model to a complexity that is appropriate to the data available for

learning. The alternative approach, and the one that we use, is to let the GA models

present a very large number of candidate models. We then use live trading data to

eliminate models where the live results do not match historical expectation. Unless

a model has similar return characteristics on live trading as in the learnt data it is

discarded. We believe the power of the Genetic Algorithm’s to evolve to the correct

learning characteristics far outweighs the ability for any group of people to analyse

the structure manually and determine the best network structure.

STEP 4. MARKET EXECUTION.

The result of Step 3 will be a set of live models that are the best candidates at any

point in time. These candidates evaluate live market data 24x7 and execute orders

automatically to take advantage of opportunities it identifies in the marketplace. We

have integrated the model with First Global Credit’s automated hedging engine to

enable safe automatic order execution, also to allow the model to trade in size in

relatively illiquid markets.

This engine has access to multiple exchanges with trading capability on all of them.

Rather than placing the entire order at once on a single exchange, the model will

gradually feed orders into the market across multiple exchanges. It will start with the

optimum exchanges (if placing sell orders, then using exchanges that have the

highest prices) and start selling on these exchanges. As the price starts to fall below

other exchanges then the model will switch to the new “best” exchanges by

continually switching and selling relatively small parcels the hedging engine will both

achieve the optimum execution price and ensure that the action of the bot doesn’t

have a detrimental impact on the market as a whole.



20

SUMMARY

By combining proprietary software with the power of Googles Tensorflow, we have

produced an architecture that is both innovative and robust. Our unique combination

of Genetic Algorithms for structure and control with Deep Learning technology for

specific learning and model development has created a solution that meets the key

design requirements stated at the outset.

By delivering on these design requirements we have a solution that is not only

effective now but has the capability to remain profitable in the future, adapting as

conditions in the market change and learning to take advantage of new opportunities

as they present themselves.

Finally, by making the trading entirely automated, integrating with a hedging solution

that controls the execution and risk we can operate in a truly 24x7 manner, taking

advantage of opportunities whenever they present themselves providing an

excellent environment for token holders to ultimately profit.

AICOIN


