







































1www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

A  s i l e n t  t a k e  o v e r

WHITEPAPER



2www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
 

The Problem
Buying and selling products and services online implies having to pay different types of fees: 
Referral fees, Transaction Fees, Final Value Fees. All these fees can increase the cost for 
buyers and lower the benefits for sellers. Existing online Marketplaces (cryptocurrency based 
and FIAT based) benefit themselves, not the seller nor the buyer.

The Opportunity
ALEPH recognizes this inefficient and unfair practice and believes in a peer-to-peer market 
that allows people to decide the final cost for products and services. By implementing a de-
centralized market, supported by the Blockchain, it puts power back in people’s hands and 
creates a fair opportunity for both buyers and sellers.  

The Solution
The ALEPH Market is an open market to the cryptocurrency world where users buy and sell 
services and goods using ALEPH cryptocurrency with no fees, except the ones from the 
Blockchain.

ALEPH Market also provides a benefit to those holding ALE tokens by the market’s value and 
staking of the tokens. 

Unifies buying and selling with a single token that can be exchanged through the most used 
cryptocurrency exchanges and the ALEPH Market.
 
The Strategy
Our token is not intended to just  crowdfund a project, 
which is what most ICOs are doing. The ALE token 
MUST be used to buy/sell in the ALEPH Market. 
Outside the ALEPH Market the token gains value 
through supply and demand of the cryptocurrency 
market, hence why ALEPH offers POS for general to-
ken owners and POS+POW to Hybrid Node owners. 

The ALEPH Market uses the token on every transac-
tion, increasing the buy/sell orders and volume. This 
will assure the token value is held through time.



3www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

THE OFFERING
 

To kickstart the ALEPH Market Development and provide an opportunity for investors to earn 
benefits thought staking and mining we will be offering privately 25MM ALEs out of the total 
supply (100MM). The Development Team will only hold 5 MM ALEs additionally. 

Maximum Supply: 100 MM
50% will be premined
25% will be left for mining (mining reserved for Hybrid Nodes)
25% left for staking

Private Token Offering starts on October 1st, 2017.
Total Available Supply: 25,000,000 tokens.

Pre-Offering (SOLD OUT) - Available Supply: 2,000,000 tokens.

First Stage:
$0.20 / ALE token + 10% bonus. Supply: 7,500,000 tokens.
Hybrid  Nodes: 100,000 ALEs

At this bonus level, you need to pay $18,200 + bonus =100,100 ALEs.

Second Stage:
$0.25 / ALE token + 5% bonus. Supply: 7,500,000 tokens.
Hybrid  Nodes: 100,000 ALEs

At this bonus level, you need to pay $23,825 + bonus =100,065 ALEs.

Third Stage:
$0.30 / ALE token + 2.5% bonus. Supply: 8,000,000 tokens.
Hybrid  Nodes: 100,000 ALEs

At this bonus level, you need to pay $29,269 + bonus =100,002 ALEs. 



4www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

HYBRID NODES
 

Investors will have the opportunity to have additional profits besides the POS, through Hybrid 
Nodes which will mine the token through Proof Of Work (POW). Only 50 Hybrid Nodes will be 
sold.

Hybrid Nodes can be acquired by purchasing and holding 100,000 ALEs through the ALEPH 
Marketplace.

The ALEPH Marketplace will provide the option of a hosting environment to Hybrid Node 
owners, minimizing additional mining costs if they decide to use this environment. Any Block-
chain based Node requires infrastructure that’s available and online 24/7 in order to benefit 
from POW. ALEPH Market offers a free hosting environment for the Hybrid Nodes.

Return Of your Investment: How our PoW works.
In the ALEPH Blockchain, a block reward is created every 120 seconds. This translates to:

30 blocks an hour
720 blocks per day

5040 blocks per week
21900 blocks per month

Each reward equals 11.9 ALE totalling approximately 260,000 ALE per month. These tokens 
will be distributed evenly between all 50 Hybrid Nodes, amounting to roughly 4700 ALE to 
5100 ALE per Node, per month.

For specific details on the Blockchain, see Token Specification Section.



5www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

THE TEAM 

A CRYPTOCURRENCY INVESTING (CCI) Brand. 
CCI’s YouTube Channel has been helping thousands 
of viewers to get started into the Cryptocurrency mar-
ket, win profits, get trained, and understand trading. 
CCI’s goal is to help people! 

CCI is backing up this project with the same philos-
ophy. This is not an all hype, all looks-no substance 
project. We aim to deliver results and help the commu-
nity with this project.

Mike Kelley. CEO.
Mike was at University of Houston in Victoria, TX where he received 
his degree in Criminal Justice. He is currently working on his Master’s 
Degree in Theology.

Mike has been trading in stock market for 15 years and cryptocurrency 
for 2 years. He is the founder of CryptoCurrency Investing with a You-
tube channel, Facebook and Twitter with over 30K followers.

Mike is also a successfully published author (Crypto Currency Dic-
tionary. July 2017) and is currently working on publishing his second 
Cryptocurrency book. 
 

JP Rivas. COO.
Juan Pablo is an international speaker, trainer, mentor and certified 
technology coach.

With more than 18 years of experience working in the consulting ser-
vices industry and Shared Services. He has held different positions of 
leadership, coaching, technology and management, as a consultant or 
collaborator, in areas of Services and Technology for different compa-
nies in Latin America, the Caribbean and the United States.



6www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

 
Alex Amador. CFO.
License Degree in Accounting. Project Manager and Software Developer.

Alex has 17 years exp on e-commerce related companies, based all 
around the world (China, Austria, Singapore, Panama, Netherlands 
and UK), focusing on financial services both On-Shore and Off-Shore. 

He is the founder of imsfinanzas.com and imicsolutions.com; sites 
specialized in Software Development and Financial Services.
 

Brian Lareau. Business Advisor.
Brian received a Bachelor’s of Science in Criminal Justice in 1993 from 
UNC Charlotte.

He has over 24 years of experience in operations and sales, for large 
international companies with a strong background in B2B.
 
 
Carlos Pereira. Project Manager and IT Team Lead.
Carlos has over 20 years of experience in the IT Industry. He has per-
formed different roles, from Application Developer and Infrastructure 
Engineer to Project and Portfolio Manager in large international com-
panies, as well as performed as an IT consultant for local and region-
al companies, where he has spearheaded IT projects as diverse as 
Mergers and Acquisitions for Financial institutions and implementation 
of Corporate Software as a Service (SAAS) tools.

ALEPH TECHNOLOGIES PTE. LTD
ALEPH Technologies team has developers located across the World in countries such as 
Tunez, France, Canada, USA, Costa Rica and with its Corporate Offices based in Singapore. 
This cross-functional team has expertise in Blockchain technologies, especially in a fork ver-
sion of Litecoin.



7www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

TOKEN SPECIFICATIONS

ALEPH token is based on an existing and proven Blockchain. Fast and secure enough to 
handle a high volume buy/sell market. This is why we developed our token as a hybrid version 
of LTC and PPC, with the power of POW/POS.

The technical specification for the token are:

Algorithm: Scrypt
Type: PoW/PoS. 
Token name: Aleph
Token abbreviation: ALE
Address letter: A
Block reward: 11.9 ALE
Total token supply: 100m tokens
Premine percent: 50% 
PoS percentage:   After holding ALE in your wallet for 45 days, the next 30 days will be used 
to calculate your average. Based on this average, you will receive a 5% profit all staking to-
kens are finally distributed (25MM ALEs). Wallet has to be open and running for staking to 
work. 
Last PoW block: block 2,500,000
Tokenbase maturity: 5 blocks
PoW Time spacing: 120 seconds
Target timespan: 1 block
Transaction confirmations: 2 blocks
50% will be premined
25% will be left for mining (mining reserved for Hybrid Nodes)
25% left for staking



8www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

HOW IT WORKS

The ALEPH Market is an open market available to all the world thanks to the Blockchain. In 
the ALEPH Market buyers and sellers are free to exchange goods and services with each 
other with no extra fees, except from the standard Blockchain fee. 

The ALEPH token is the market’s selected token that allows standardization and a common 
currency between buyers and sellers. The ALEPH token will also be available for trading on 
the major cryptocurrency exchanges so it can be used as an investment and an asset to hold 
value. ALEPH tokens can also be directly traded within the ALEPH Market.

The ALEPH token is a fork of Litecoin and Peercoin that profits from POW and POS.

ALEPH Market also provides a benefit to those holding ALE tokens by the market’s value and 
staking of the tokens. 

TOKEN uses:

1. Those that buy Aleph tokens to buy products or services in the Aleph market. These 
people might not be looking for an investment but, they can benefit from the token’s market 
value.

2. Marketplace advertising. In order to advertize on the ALEPH Marketplace, sellers will 
need to pay using ALEPH tokens.

3. POS. People that hold any amount of ALEPH tokens in their ALEPH Wallet, will profit from 
staking of their tokens. After holding their tokens for 45 days, the next 30 days will be used to 
calculate the average and they will get 5% profit of that average. 25% of the total supply will 
be paid through POS.

4. HYBRID NODES. For people interested in improving their profits, ALEPH offers 50 Hybrid 
Nodes that enable the users to benefit from POS and will also gain Proof of Work for the 25% 
of the total supply. To own a Hybrid Node users will have to stake 100,000 ALE tokens. (For 
more details on the functionality of Hybrid Nodes, please refer to the Hybrid Node section).

A Hybrid Node can be sold at an agreed upon price. The only way to own and have an active 



9www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

node is to stake 100,000 ALE (daily average 100,000). If you sell your tokens and your daily 
average goes below 100,000 ALE, your POS power will become inactive. If a node becomes 
inactive, other nodes will have more interest because a node left, since there would be fewer 
nodes to receive the mining distribution.

ALEPH Wallet

In future releases the ALEPH Wallet will integrate directly with the Marketplace and it would 
be able to make direct payments for purchases.

It will also function as a regular wallet to store your ALEPH tokens and gain interest by POS.



10www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

A TRUE PEER-TO-PEER MARKETPLACE

What Is a Virtual Marketplace?
A virtual marketplace, also called an e-commerce marketplace, allows third party sellers to sell 
their products.

These third party sellers could be individual traders, large-scale manufacturers of goods, or 
anything in between.

Marketplaces display the seller’s products, collect orders and payments, forward orders to the 
seller, track delivery, and release payment to the seller after deducting a fee.

The reason marketplaces are attractive to sellers is that they tend to have huge traffic.

For the small seller to attract even a fraction of that traffic on her or his own website is an uphill 
task. In addition, selling on marketplaces does away with the requirement of having your own 
website, hosting, technology, payment gateway, accounting software, and other headaches.

The Advantages of a Marketplace Model
For the e-commerce player the marketplace model has the following advantages:

• It can sell a large number of goods and services without maintaining any inventory.
• Operational efficiencies improve as some overheads are transferred to the seller.
• Being a marketplace provider allows you to focus on developing e-commerce technologies.
• Margins improve.

All in all, it seems like a win-win to operate the marketplace model instead of the conventional 
e-commerce business model. But there are some serious flaws in the marketplace model too.

Most online marketplaces have restrictive policies and charge high fees for listing and selling 
goods. This corresponds to very high running infrastructure costs for supporting a centralized 
platform. 



11www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

Another problem is that accepted payment methods are very limited and expensive to use, i.e 
Ebay/Paypal.

ALEPH Market offers the best way to reduce these costs by moving to a true peer-to-peer 
market.

ALEPH Marketplace offers a community where sellers and buyers can trade with ALE token 
and eliminate the extra fees and higher costs.

ALEPH Market transactions will be registered as a block in the Blockchain, making them 
more secure and impervious to manipulation by anyone.

ALEPH Marketplace is an online auction site. You can browse through different product cat-
egories. When you see something you like, you click on the auction title and view the details, 
including pictures, descriptions and shipping information. If you have a pretty good idea of 
what you’re looking for, you can search for it using simple keywords or using more advanced 
search criteria that helps narrow the results.

 If you place a bid on an item, you enter a contractual agreement to buy it if you win the auction. 
All auctions have minimum starting bids, and some have a reserve price -- a secret minimum 
amount the seller is willing to accept for the item. If the bidding doesn’t reach the reserve price, 
the seller doesn’t have to part with the item. In addition to auctions, you can also find fixed-
price items on ALEPH Marketplace that make shopping there just like shopping at any other 

 

Produce Sale Value Amazon Free Breakdown eBay and PayPal Free Breakdown

Set of 
Screwdrives 
(offered with 
free delivery)

£39.99 13.80% Amazon Referral Fee £5.52 Fixed eBay Listing Fee £0.30
11% eBay Final Value Fee £4.40
3.4% PayPal Transaction Fee £1.36
Fixed PayPal Transaction Fee £0.20

Total Amazon Fee Amount (£) £5.52 Total eBay and PayPal Fee Amount (£) £6.26

Total Amazon Fee Amount (%) 13.80% Total eBay and PayPal Fee Amount (%) 15.65%



12www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

online marketplace. There are also auction listings that give you the option to “Buy it Now” for 
a price that’s typically higher than the auction’s start price. If you choose to buy the item for 
the “Buy it Now” price instead of bidding on it, the auction ends instantly and the item is yours.

When the purchase is made, the exchange of ALEPH tokens for goods is done using the 
Blockchain and it’s done directly between seller and buyer and transactions are verified by 
Hybrid Nodes (POW). No transactions are done within the Market, keeping a decentralized 
system.

Buyer
Proof of
Stake

Seller
Proof of
Stake

Proof of
Stake

Proof of
Work

Hybrid
Node

Publish Product

Exchange Transactions
Buy/Sell Transactions

Se
arc

h P
rod

uc
t

To
ke

n 
Re

ce
iv

e

To
ke

n 
Se

nd



13www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

OUR BUSINESS MODEL

Who’s our audience? 
Our first target audience will be people already familiar with Cryptocurrency. As we advance 
through our Roadmap, we’ll expand our audience to anyone that wants to experience a has-
sle-free, no fee, true peer-to-peer marketplace.

How we will get them?
Our main focus to reach our audience will be through advertising.

Why are we different?
 In an effort to stay true to the management teams value we will strive to keep the marketplace 
clean and offer nothing that is offensive morally. In order to achieve this, we will implement an 
option to report/flag products as well as a rating process for sellers and buyers. We will also 
implement a strict vetting process for sellers, ensuring the only legit merchants are listed in 
the Marketplace. Our goal is 100% compliance to not sell any sort of offensive materials but 
will need marketplace users to identify questionable items to be reviewed and removed by 
management.



14www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

How will ALEPH Market profit?
Advertising and the company owns 2 Hybrid 
Nodes. Our Business Model includes rein-
vesting profits according to our Global Market-
ing Plan in order to bring traffic to the Market 
through Strategic Partnerships.

What makes us unique?
• Our Hybrid Nodes
• A diverse, multi-cultural team.
• Minimal overhead costs, hence a fee free service.
• The opportunity to help people save money while buying online.



15www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

YOU HAVE QUESTIONS? 
WE HAVE ANSWERS 

1. How can you minimize the appearance of scammers and fake sellers.

ALEPH Market will implement a strict Seller registration/vetting process.

• A seller that’s starting out will have a limited capacity for daily withdrawing of the re-
ceived ALE tokens. As his rating improves over time, having more satisfied customers, 
his restrictions will be eliminated.

• ALEPH Market will implement an option to report “inappropriate material”. The ALEPH 
Team will review and evaluate all reports. Sellers that are infringing this  agreement will 
be flagged and can face the eventual suspension from the Market.

2. Can the Hybrid Node run on a remote server, and does the 100,000 ALE need to 
be on the server or could it be stored on an offline laptop? Or better, a Ledger Nano

Hybrid Nodes can be hosted on virtual servers or other computers (WIndows, MacOS, Linux) 
as long as they are online. If they are not, they will not benefit from POW and POS. ALEPH 
Technologies provides a free hosting option for Hybrid Node owners that want to minimize 
their hosting/infrastructure costs.

3. What incentive will there be to run a Hybrid Node when all the tokens are distrib-
uted to the network in 10-15years?

All ALEPH Marketplace transactions needs to be confirmed by the ALEPH Blockchain, and 
only Hybrid Nodes have this capability. Hybrid Nodes will gain the network fee.



16www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

4. What is the distribution rate for ALE tokens?

Hybrid Nodes do both POS and POW. 
POS: has a distribution rate of 5% of a 30 day average. 
POW: The fixed block reward is of 11.9 ALE every 120 seconds.

5. On the ALEPH Market, what will the ALE token price be? Will the prices on 
ALEPH Market be tied against ALE, dollar or something else? Or is it up to the 
seller?
 
The Market supply and demand of ALE tokens will dictate the price. The token will be used as 
the de facto currency in the Market.

Market users will be able to see the Dollar value of ALE tokens at any time.

6. Have you managed to hire developers? And do they have relevant experience 
from crypto?

ALEPH Technologies team has developers located across the World in countries such as 
Tunez, France, Canada, USA, Costa Rica and with its Corporate Offices based in Singapore. 
This cross-functional team has expertise in Blockchain technologies, especially in evolved 
version of Litecoin.

7. How do you plan to promote the ITO?

75% of the Initial Private Offering (pre-sale) will go into marketing campaigns (Google Ads, 
YouTube Ads, Programmatic Ads and other Social Media advertising).



17www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

8. What will happen to the ALE if the ITO is not sold out?

10% of the leftover tokens will be distributed between the Hybrid Nodes. The other 90% will 
be distributed through the next 10 years.

But, based on private offerings and questions from investors, we’re going to get it done!

9. Where is your Corporate Office located?

ALEPH Technologies is a registered company in Singapore. Its physical address is: 
60 Paya Lebar Road #05-40C Paya Leb.



18www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

ROADMAP

2017 Q2

2017 Q3

- Idea of a Fee free Peer-to-peer marketplace.
- Development of Logo and project concept.

-    Constitution of ALEPH Technologies Corporation.
-    Pre-Offering successfully completed. 2 MM ALEs assigned.
-    Token creation.
-    Windows and Linux Wallet development.
-    Launch of project website: alephmarket.io

2017 Q4
-    Windows and Linux Wallet launch.
-    MacOs Wallet development.
-    Private Offering.
-    Token distribution to investors.

2018 Q1
- Be listed on exchange and coin directories. 
- Phase 1 of ALEPH Market Place Development: C2C website.
-  IOS & ANDROID Wallet development.

2018 Q2

- Marketing Campaign Wave 1 Release: Build awareness and strategic 
relationships for a solid ALEPH Market Community.

- Phase 1 of ALEPH Market Place Beta Version Deployed: C2C website. 
- Phase 2 of ALEPH Market Place Development: Merchant Portal & 

Advertisement .

2018 Q3
- Marketing Campaign Wave 2 Release: C2C Platform Release
- Phase 1 of ALEPH Market Place Deployed to Public: C2C website v1.0
- Aleph Market IOS & ANDROID APP Development    

 2018 Q4 - ALEPH Market IOS & ANDROID APP launched- Advertisement Platform Deployed

2019 Q1

2019 Q2

 2019 Q3

2019 Q4

- Phase 3 of ALEPH Market Place Deployed: C2C website v2.0 
 (Merchant Friendly)
-  Marketing Campaign Wave 3 Release: Merchant Portal.
- Whitepaper 2.0 Release.

- 1st Aleph Technologies Development and Investing Conference: 
Future of ALEPH Market.

- Project Pipeline Review.

- Phase 4 of ALEPH Market Place Deployed: 
 Merchant Portal Full Release.

- Partnership and Alliances Strategy Development.



19www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

2017 Q2

2017 Q3

- Idea of a Fee free Peer-to-peer marketplace.
- Development of Logo and project concept.

-    Constitution of ALEPH Technologies Corporation.
-    Pre-Offering successfully completed. 2 MM ALEs assigned.
-    Token creation.
-    Windows and Linux Wallet development.
-    Launch of project website: alephmarket.io

2017 Q4
-    Windows and Linux Wallet launch.
-    MacOs Wallet development.
-    Private Offering.
-    Token distribution to investors.

2018 Q1
- Be listed on exchange and coin directories. 
- Phase 1 of ALEPH Market Place Development: C2C website.
-  IOS & ANDROID Wallet development.

2018 Q2

- Marketing Campaign Wave 1 Release: Build awareness and strategic 
relationships for a solid ALEPH Market Community.

- Phase 1 of ALEPH Market Place Beta Version Deployed: C2C website. 
- Phase 2 of ALEPH Market Place Development: Merchant Portal & 

Advertisement .

2018 Q3
- Marketing Campaign Wave 2 Release: C2C Platform Release
- Phase 1 of ALEPH Market Place Deployed to Public: C2C website v1.0
- Aleph Market IOS & ANDROID APP Development    

 2018 Q4 - ALEPH Market IOS & ANDROID APP launched- Advertisement Platform Deployed

2019 Q1

2019 Q2

 2019 Q3

2019 Q4

- Phase 3 of ALEPH Market Place Deployed: C2C website v2.0 
 (Merchant Friendly)
-  Marketing Campaign Wave 3 Release: Merchant Portal.
- Whitepaper 2.0 Release.

- 1st Aleph Technologies Development and Investing Conference: 
Future of ALEPH Market.

- Project Pipeline Review.

- Phase 4 of ALEPH Market Place Deployed: 
 Merchant Portal Full Release.

- Partnership and Alliances Strategy Development.



20www.alephmarket.io  /  info@alephmarket.com

CERTIFICATE CONFIRMING INCORPORATION OF COMPANY

ALEPH TECHNOLOGIES PTE. LTD.:Company Name

201725637HUEN :

This is to confirm that the company was incorporated under the Companies Act, on and
from 08/09/2017 and that the company is a EXEMPT PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY
SHARES.

TAN YONG TAT

ACCOUNTING AND CORPORATE REGULATORY AUTHORITY

: 18/09/2017
:

Dated
SINGAPORE

ACRA170918101031Receipt Number

ASST REGISTRAR OF COMPANIES & BUSINESS NAMES

I170484684Authentication No. :

ALEPH TECHNOLOGIES


