











































 

  
[年] 

[文档标题] 

[文档副标题] 

TEST 

Project Introduction v1 



1 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

Alphacat Project Introduction 

 

Decentralizing Quantification of the Future 

A Robot-Advisor Marketplace Based on AI and Big Data 

 

Project Summary 

In human history, the establishment, popularization, and development of 

each new financial system involves going through period where it must gradually 

be recognized by more and more users. Prices experience small and large 

fluctuations and investment behavior shifts from subjective trading to the use of 

financial technology for quantitative and automated trading. 

We believe that with the rapid development of the blockchain industry, 

digital currencies and digital assets based on fairness, honesty, and security will 

become an important part of the global financial system. There is a gap in the 

market in realizing analysis, risk control, investment, and management of digital 

currencies and digital assets with the use of financial technology. 

In this context, we have established Alphacat. Alphacat will be the world's 

first robot adviser marketplace focused on crypto currencies. And it will also be 

the world's first platform providing various AI trading robots for users to offer 

investment advisor service. The goal of Alphacat is to make it easy for the average 

person to invest just like buying a bottle of Coke and get a good investment 

performance. 

The origin of the name of Alphacat, where ‘Alpha’ in the financial sector 

means excess returns, and CAT is the abbreviation of Computer Aided Trading. 



2 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

That means using AI robot instead of people 24 hours a day to do investment 

transactions, to achieve the excess returns. 

As soon as the Alphacat Project was launched, it has received more than 20 

institutional and individual investments, including Node Capital, ChainFunder, 

Preangel Capital, Chainliker Fund, Water Drop Capital, Prophet Capital, Probe 

Angel Investment, Fireball Finance, Origin Capital, Alpha Connect, NEXT 

Blockchain Fund, CFun, BIT168 Fund, Block VC, Energy Blockchain Fund, Bo Shen- 

the Founder of FenBuShi Venture Capital, Richard- the Partner of DFJ Dragon Fund. 

 

 

 

 

 



3 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

The project is mainly composed of Wall Street financial team and Google 

artificial intelligence team. The founder Dr. Li Bin earned a Ph.D. in physics from 

New York University, and has 21 years of experience in the financial industry and 

quantitative investment in Wall Street. He successively served as Vice President at 

Merrill Lynch, Executive Director/Head of Quantitative Trading Strategies Group at 

UBS, and Chairman and CEO of Tradetrek.com. In 2000, Bin and partners co-

founded AAStocks.com which is now the most successful financial website in Hong 

Kong. He has experience of managing funds and assets in more than $10 billion. 

Alphacat currently has more than thirty experts with advanced degrees in AI, 

machine learning, finance technology, big data and blockchain working together 

to further develop our predication algorithms. The team has experienced more 

than 10 years on average. It is reported that Alphacat has won a number of 

international patents in Fintech, including ‘Market neutral (stock) pairing trading 

model’, ‘Automatic analysis for financial assets’, ‘Financial product prediction 

system’, ‘Investment graphic automatic search system for technical analysis’ and 

so on. The technological capabilities of team are at the forefront of the fields 

related to the quantitative investment in fintech, and the digital assets in the 

blockchain. 

 

 

Investor & Strategic Advisor 

Bo Shen, Investor & Strategic Advisor 

Founder of Fenbushi Capital; Founder of Blockasset Fund 

 

Leo Wang，Investor & Strategic Advisor 

Founder of PreAngle Fund；NEO’s Angel Investor 



4 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

Jack Zhang, Investor & Strategic Advisor 

Founder of Chainfunder; Partner ofLightningbitcoin  

 

Richard Wang，Investor & Strategic Advisor 

DFJ Dragon Fund VC Partner 

 

Hansen, Investor & Strategic Advisor 

Partner of Roots Capital 

 

Tommy Ni，Investor & Strategic Advisor 

Founder of HQ Finance 

 

Epperly Li，Investor & Strategic Advisor  

Founder of ChainLinker Fund; Partner of FB Capital  

 

Larry Li, Advisor & Senior Hedge Fund Manager 

Senior Fund Manager at Chicago Peak6 Capital World’s top options trader; Ranks 

first among global Chinese options traders 

 

Tony Gu，Investor & Advisor 

Partner of QKL Capital； Partner of NEO Global Capital 

  

Kan Li，Investor & Strategic Advisor 

Founder of Probing VC Fund 

 

Kevin Hsu，Investor & Strategic Advisor 

Founder of BlockVC  



5 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

JC Xu，Investor & Strategic Advisor 

Co-founder of digital asset fund Badwater Capital; Entrepreneur previously backed 

by IDG Capital Partners and VC at DFJ Dragon Fund. 

 

Kenneth Hsia，Investor & Strategic Advisor 

Co-founder of digital asset fund Badwater Capital; Entrepreneur; Startup founder 

previously backed by Tim Draper & IDG Capital Partners 

 

Ricky Ng，Advisor 

Co-founder of McAfee Crowdchain Technology; Co-founder of IClick, an Internet 

Advertising company  

 

Jonathan Spring，Advisor & Overseas Business Development  

Overseas Business Development Advisor; Hedge Fund Investor; Chairman of the 

Stable Fund; Director of the Tiger 100 Club 

 

Jim Xiong，Advisor & Quantitative Investment Expert  

Quantitative investment expert; Co-chief Investment Officer at Quantitative 

Financial Strategies, the world's leading quantitative investment fund 

 

Dave Scicolone，Advisor & Overseas Business Development 

Former Managing Director at Credit Suisse 

 

 



6 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

Content 
 

1 Introduction ............................................................................................................ 8 

1.1 Market Background ........................................................................................................ 8 

1.1.1 Quantitative Investment Trend of Financial Technology ........................... 8 

1.1.2 Ordinary Investors and Developers cannot Directly Enjoy the Benefits 

of Financial Technology ...................................................................................................... 10 

1.1.3 The Gap in Financial Technology Investment Management in the Field 

of Digital Currency Investment ........................................................................................ 11 

1.2 Value ................................................................................................................................... 11 

2 Alphacat Framework ......................................................................................... 14 

2.1 Service Objects ............................................................................................................... 14 

2.2 The Purpose of Alphcat Token ..................................................................................... 15 

2.2.1 Cold Start ...................................................................................................................... 19 

3 Development ..................................................................................................... 20 

3.1 Roadmap ........................................................................................................................... 20 

3.2 Our Advantage................................................................................................................ 21 

3.2.1 Background ............................................................................................................... 21 

3.2.2 Alphacat Progress ................................................................................................... 23 

3.2.3 The Applications in Development .................................................................... 24 

4 Alphacat Token .................................................................................................. 25 

4.1 Allocation of Alphacat Tokens .................................................................................. 25 

4.2 Allocation of Raised Tokens ....................................................................................... 25 



7 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

5 Team & Management Structure ..................................................................... 26 

5.1 Core .................................................................................................................................... 26 

5.2 Fund Governance Structure ....................................................................................... 27 

6 Risk Disclosure & Disclaimers ............................................................................ 30 

6.1 Risk Disclosure and Recognition .................................................................................. 30 

6.2 Disclaimer ............................................................................................................................. 33 

Contact Alphacat ..................................................................................................... 36 

 

  



8 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

1 Introduction 

 

Alphacat is the world’s first robot adviser marketplace focused on crypto 

currencies. 

It is also the world’s first platform providing various AI trading robots for users 

to offer investment advisor services. 

The goal of Alphacat is to make investing for the average person as easy as 

buying a bottle of Coke, and get a good investment performance. 

 

1.1 Market Background 

1.1.1 Quantitative Investment Trend of Financial Technology 

The quantitative investment in financial technology is developing 

rapidly, which is constantly changing the mode of investment 

Over the past decade or so, with the development of financial technology, 

financial markets have been paying more and more attention to data. Investing in 

quantitative transactions which is realized through analysis of big data has grown 

to be the most successful trading strategy. In the past few years, the share of 

quantitative transactions in the market value of investments held has risen from 

8% in 2011 to 13% by 2016. 



9 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

 

UBS trading floor15 years ago                    Today  

 

Investment management by use of financial technology is more effective 

than traditional subjective investment management 

The reality is that human traders will never be able to compete with 

companies with the advantage of high-frequency trading robots at their disposal. 

The robots have the ability to work 24 hours a day and analyze massive amounts 

of big data, which results in quicker decision implementation at lower cost. 

Additionally, by continuously monitoring the markets without rest, the robots 

traders are better at managing risks and avoiding black swan events. 

 

 

 



10 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

 

Picture above: AlphaGO artificial intelligence robot designed by Deep Mind 

defeated the human Go World Champion. 

 

1.1.2 Ordinary Investors and Developers cannot Directly Enjoy the 

Benefits of Financial Technology 

Ordinary investors can not enjoy the benefits of financial technology 

Although the advantages of financial technology are obvious, most ordinary 

investors cannot directly use the financial technology in daily investment, because 

they lack the expertise, information, data, personal energy, and resources that are 

generally only available to large financial institutions and high net-worth investors. 

 

Creators cannot get direct rewards 

Additionally, professional financial technology inventors are also limited to 

working for large financial institutions such as large banks and funds. Although 

their inventions have been very successful and have been verified through 

successful model and case, they are still subject to segregation with the market 

and investors and cannot promote their successful inventions to profit directly. At 

present, there is no platform that exists with the quality of control in the market that 



11 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

can ensure that customers can get high quality forecasting resources and that 

researchers can publish their work independently. 

 

1.1.3  The Gap in Financial Technology Investment Management in 

the Field of Digital Currency Investment 

As of now, there is no institute focusing on the application of financial technology 

in digital currency management and investment. With the rapid development of 

the blockchain and token industry, we believe market value of crypto currencies will 

exceed one trillion U.S. dollars in the near future. Financial technology will be used 

not only for the invention and formation of financial products and derivatives 

based on digital currency (such as futures, funds, FOFs and insurance), but also for 

the realization of new investment and trading strategies. 

 

1.2 Value 

Based on advanced financial technology 

 Recognizing the potential diversity in the field of quantitative analysis, we are 

developing Alphacat and will be utilizing AI, blockchain, big data analysis, 

and other technologies not yet commercially available in the world. The 

application of these technologies has shown to be superior in cost and 

efficiency against traditional investment means and methods. 

 

Based on crowd sourced expert research & sharing 

 Alphacat not only has certified financial forecasting and trading models and 

applications provided by its own team, but will also allow approved third-



12 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

party researchers to publish and sell their inventions. The Alphacat ecosystem 

will provide inventors with corresponding rewards. 

 At the same time, Alphacat is building a system to encourage users to conduct 

valuable reviews and sharing. The platform will also provide avenues for 

professional evaluation with fair incentives. 

 

Based on open platform 

 Alphacat will establish relevant standards and incentives based on invention, 

quality management, settlement, statistics, sharing, etc. It will also establish a 

series of foundational tools for approved third-party researchers to allow them 

the convenience to create professional investment strategies in their own field. 

 Alphacat provide creators the tools to develop, test and deploy their 

algorithms 

 

Based on blockchain decentralization and data encryption 

 Alphacat is a decentralized application marketplace built on NEO, Which will 

protect the privacy and information security of investors and maintain fairness 

and verifiability. 

 Based on the blockchain to achieve global market services. 

 Application of NEO blockchain technology to protect the researcher's 

intellectual property and ensure speed and stability of information transfer. 

 

 



13 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

Based on community 

 Approved third-party researchers and reviewers use their expertise in their 

respective field to create firm and secure investment papers and publish 

them in the community. Their innovations will be shared and maintained on 

the NEO blockchain. The NEO blockchain protects their intellectual property, 

allowing them to benefit from their years of work. Future markets will allow 

daily investors to grow from the flow of information. 

 We will provide communities in different segments so that researchers can 

more accurately communicate their results to their audience. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



14 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

2 Alphacat Framework 

 

Alphacat is the world’s first robot adviser marketplace focused on crypto 

currencies. 

It is also the world’s first platform providing various AI trading robots for users 

to offer investment advisor services. 

We are creating Alphacat to democratize the quantification of the financial 

markets, and to make insights from data more accessible to the general public 

much the same way crypto currency has allowed people to invest. It will also be 

a way for our users to access our algorithms and forecasting on a pro rata basis. 

It will serve as a portal for investors outside the Chinese financial ecosystem to 

make informed investment decisions or otherwise learn about Chinese markets. 

 

2.1 Service Objects 

The platform will be built around three types of users: 

Architects / Engineers (financial experts / programmers) 

 Thesis creators who will generate the basis for algorithms based on contextual 

understanding of non-obvious financial information 

 Algorithm Creators who will quantify investment theses and execute as 

algorithms. 

 

 



15 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

Surveyors (Professional investors) 

 Users who seek to use the analysis generated by algorithms to inform their 

investment decisions or research. 

 

Ordinary investors 

 Ordinary users want to participate in token investment but have no 

investment experience. 

 

 

2.2 The Purpose of Alphcat Token 

Alphacat token is referred to as ACAT for short, which will be the current 

currency in a variety of scenarios on the platform. 

At the same time, ACAT Token can be circulated and traded on secondary 

markets. 



16 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

Architects / engineers (financial experts / programmers) 

 Architects / engineers will be required to stake ACAT Tokens to publish their 

own inventions and research results on the platform. 

 They will obtain ACAT Tokens as a reward after the users use their research 

results based on performance. The more the research results are accessed, the 

more rewards they will get. 

 Architects can stake ACAT Tokens to open up opportunities for engineers to 

develop their strategies. 

 Architects / engineers can pay for related development tools using ACAT 

Tokens 

 

Surveyors (Professional investors) 

 ACAT Tokens will be awarded for subscribing to and distributing architects’ / 

engineers' inventions. 

Investors (ordinary investors) 

 Pay different amount of ACAT Tokens for different services on the platform. 

 

For example: 

Architects / Engineers release a forecast investment tool on the probability 

of the rise and fall of BTC + ETH on the Alphacat platform. The docking with 

relevant agreements of the exchange will be realized on the Alphacat platform. 

Ordinary investors can complete the trading of the investment strategy pressing 

one button as long as they have subscribed for access to the tool. 



17 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

Architects / Engineers can set a certain amount of ACAT Tokens to be staked 

for this tool and will also stake ACAT Tokens to be unlocked based on the 

accuracy of the actual investment and receive user staked tokens pro-rata as the 

reward. 

At the same time, architects / engineers can invite reviewers to evaluate and 

share their applications after releasing their applications and pay a certain 

amount of ACAT Tokens. 

The Alphacat platform regularly rewards ACAT Tokens to the best architects 

/ engineers / evaluators based on accuracy and consistency of performance. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



18 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

2.2 The Platform 

Phase 1 of Alphacat 

Alphacat will release its own R & D applications to the marketplace as a 

backbone. This will not only be used as a proof of concept but also set the 

standard for algorithm qualities on Alphacat. In our over two years of operations 

we've developed a series of successful and proven algorithms in the domain of 

Finance, Real Estate, E-Commerce, and Exports. 

 

Phase 2 of Alphacat 

Alphacat begins an invite only community to curate and tap into the domain 

expertise of top researchers around the world. This tight knit circle will meet 

regularly to share and discuss overarching gestalts that can potentially lead to 

cross-disciplinary breakthroughs in projection modeling. ACAT tokens will be 

issued to successful projections, and they can in turn be used to access more 

organized and sorted data sets 

 

Phase 3 of Alphacat 

Phase 3 opens Alphacat to the world. With a curated marketplace already 

booming with proven algorithms and investors of every stage, guided 

documentation and hard standards are provided and enforced to guide even the 

most entry level professionals to begin learning and creating industry specific 

projection algorithms. This provides an ecosystem that is constantly renewing 

itself, with newer ideas from the younger generations eager to replace older ways 

of thinking as the state of the world quickly evolves, while veteran creators are 

encouraged to keep up with societal changes to stay in the game. With this 



19 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

development, Alphacat will thus become a self-sustaining fully decentralized 

algorithmic marketplace endlessly adapting and re-inventing itself as in Conway's 

Game of Life. 

 

2.2.1 Cold Start 

Alphacat currently already consists of an endemic group of researchers 

developing various algorithms as well as existing clients. In addition by leveraging 

the use of a token, researchers and investors will be incentivized on both fronts 

by being rewarded for their efforts from the very beginning. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



20 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

3 Development 

 

In addition to the different algorithms developed by the Alphacat team, 

internal standard practices and reviews are being modified and updated. What 

follows will be the creation and curation of the initial pool of global researchers 

concurrent with the development of the platform infrastructure on the NEO 

platform. 

 

3.1 Roadmap 

Phase I: 

 Continue development of quantitative trading algorithm engines for major 

crypto currencies such as Bitcoin and NEO. 

 Develop guiding standards and development guidelines for architects and 

engineers on the Alphacat platform. 

 The latest quantitative trading tools and algorithms will be open to early 

testers. 

 Development of forecasting tools of Alphacat. 

 

Phase II: 

 Begin development the Architect and Engineer tools and platform on Alphacat. 

 Selection of the first “predictor” user in the Alphacat community. 

 Implement token functionality. 

 



21 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

Phase III 

 Architect and Engineer roles are publicly opened to all users. 

 Create API to allow Engineers to connect algorithms to exchanges to execute 

trades without users having to manually interpret insights. 

 

Future 

 Research into algorithms and quantitative tools. 

 Open quantitative tools and algorithms of the platform to non-financial 

institutions. 

 

3.2 Our Advantage 

3.2.1 Background 

The core team of Alphacat was founded by Dr. Li Bin in the second half of 2015. 

Members of this team have a strong background in the internet, finance, and AI 

industries. They have attained Doctor and Master Degrees from the following 

institutions: New York University, Princeton University, Arizona State University, 

University of Hong Kong, and China University of Science and Technology. The 

team members have an average work experience of over 10 years in their 

respective industries. 

Founder Dr. Li Bin 

Li Bin was accepted into the China University of Science and Technology at the 

age of 16. He was then sponsored to study in the United States by Chinese-

American physicist and Nobel laureate in Physics Dr. Tsung-Dao Lee. Li Bin 



22 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

obtained his PhD in Physics in 1992 at New York University. After finishing his 

postdoctoral research at the NYU Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Mr. 

Li joined Wall Street investment bank Merrill Lynch. 

From 1993 to 2000, he served as a Vice President at Merrill Lynch and then 

Executive Director at UBS North America, before becoming Director of Global 

Quantitative Trading Strategies Group. He was one of the six members of UBS 

North America’s Executive Committee. In 2001, Dr. Li and partners co-founded 

AASTOCKS.com (AAStocks.com) in Hong Kong, now the most successful financial 

web portal in Hong Kong. The company was acquired by Shanghai DZH Ltd. In 

2010. 

Since 2001, Dr. Li Bin successively served as Chairman of Westport Financial LLC, 

Chief Operating Officer of Ping Capital, CIO of Yellow River Fund, and Senior Fund 

Manager at Paloma Partners (Paloma is a US-based Quantitative Hedge Fund 

Platform which has incubated the world famous hedge funds Renaissance 

Technology and DE Shaws). 

Alphacat currently has more than thirty experts with advanced degrees in AI, 

machine learning, finance technology, big data and blockchain working together 

to further develop our prediction and trading algorithms. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



23 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

3.2.2 Alphacat Progress 

 Awarded four U.S. financial technology patents to date 

 The Alphacat team received 30 million RMB of VC Funding in 2016 

 To date has accumulated 1.2 billion structured financial data points 

 The Alphacat I Quant Trading Engine completed its Beta release in 2016. The 

Flagship China A share market fund has generated a 23% annual returns since 

launched in December 2016. The audited track record is publicly available as 

shown below: 

 Cryptocurrency market forecast engine beta launched; predict price 

movements for digital currencies (Bitcoin and Ethereum) for the next 3-5 days 

 Bitcoin quantitative trading engine Beta Launched 



24 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

 Ethereum quantitative trading engine Beta in development 

 Li Bin, awarded “2016 Most Influential Quantitative Investor” by China 

Quantitative Investment Association. 

 2016 ECI International Award for Science and Technology Innovation Gold 

Award: ECI Awards is an international award for innovation in the global 

digital business sector founded by the International Association of Digital 

Commerce Innovation (IECIA) in New York, USA. 

 Awarded four U.S. financial technology patents to date 

 

3.2.3 The Applications in Development 

Alpha CAT I Artificial intelligence quant trading engine for, Chinese A-

share Market has been running since Dec 2016 with 23% 

annual return 

BitCAT Quantitative trading engine for Bitcoin.  

Beta Launched. 

ArbCAT An Arbitrage trader engine 

FutureCAT Digital currency short-term price forecast engine, which 

forecasts the state of the market price for the next 3-5 

days (Bitcoin and Ethereum). Beta Launched. 

EtherCAT Quantitative algorithmic trading engine for Ethereum.  

Beta Launched. 

FlashCAT High-frequency trading engine 

MagicCAT Mutual fund stock selection engine 



25 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

4 Alphacat Token 

 

Alphacat token is abbreviated as ACAT. 

A total of 6,250,000,000 Alphacat tokens will be issued. 

Among them, 2,500,000,000 ACAT tokens will be circulated in the crowd funding 

phase of the digital currency. 

 

4.1 Allocation of Alphacat Tokens 

 40% for token crowd funding 

 15% for Alphacat team 

 10% for Alphacat early investors 

 35% in reserve for future supply to the Alphacat platform 

 

4.2 Allocation of Raised Tokens 

 5% for legal 

 25% for operations 

 35% for marketing Expense &community contributor reward and incubation. 

 35% for R & D 

 

 



26 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

5 Team & Management Structure 

 

5.1 Core 

Dr. Bin Li，Co-Founder &CEO 

Ex Vice President at Merrill Lynch; Executive Director at UBS North America and 

Head of UBS Global Quantitative Trading Strategies Group;  

PhD in physics from NYU 

 

Mary Ma, Co-Founder & COO 

Previously a part of Fuson Group and Wanke 

 

Dr. Alex Hou, Partner, Director of Risk Management 

Ph.D. in Physics and Astrophysics from University of Science and Technology of 

China; artificial neural network machine learning expert. 

 

Dr. Yue Wang, Chief R & D Engineer 

Ph.D. in Artificial Intelligence, University of Greenwich, UK; has two invention 

patents in blockchain technology and face recognition technology; R & D 

Engineer at Deep Mind (the company that originally created the AlphaGO system 

that defeated the human champion in the game of GO, later acquired by Google), 

vice president and co-founder of Lightening & Sharp Inc. 

 

 



27 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

Peter Yan, Partner and Technical Director 

Master of Systems Engineering, Chinese University of Hong Kong, Berkeley 

Exchange Scholar, University of California, USA 

 

Yaqi Huang, Partner and Director of Quantitative Trading 

Big Data Analyst; Masters in Electrical Engineering from China Science and 

Technology University. 

 

Bo Gao, Partner and Marketing Director 

10 years of financial industry experience;  

Ex Financial analyst/speaker at China National Radio and China Business News. 

 

5.2 Fund Governance Structure 

The establishment of Alphacat Foundation 

An Alphacat Foundation is set up in Singapore for the purpose of governing 

and properly managing the digital funds raised. 

The Alphacat Foundation is approved by Singapore and is regulated by the 

law of Singapore. The foundation is managed independently by a board of 

trustees or management committees of qualified persons and is independent 

from the government. 

Singapore is known for its stable and sound legal and financial environment. 

Alphacat is a non- profit organization founded in Singapore. According to laws of 



28 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

Singapore, the Foundation is a legally established organization in support of or 

participation in public or private interests that does not have any commercial 

interest. The "profits" earned by the foundation are called surpluses and will be 

retained as funds for other activities without being distributed as profits among 

their members. 

 

The mode of operation of Alphacat Foundation 

Principles of financial management of Alphacat Foundation are: Overall 

arrangement and integrated management; practical results; careful calculation 

and strict budgeting, keeping expenditures within the limits of income. Asset 

management of the Alphacat Foundation is included into the comprehensive 

budget management and it prepares financial revenue and expenditure budget 

according to the actual operation. The annual financial income and expenditure 

budget is reported to the autonomous committee for deliberation. The monthly 

financial budget is reviewed by the Executive Committee. Financial management 

center is responsible for the preparation and implementation. 

 Financial reports are disclosed quarterly on Alphacat's website. 

 Digital asset usage rights: 

If the single expense exceeds 50 Bitcoins, the consent of CEO of the Executive 

Board is required. 

If the single expense exceeds 100 Bitcoins, the consent of the autonomous 

commission is required. 

 The Alphacat Foundation will introduce third-party audits to oversee the 

project's financial operations, conduct funds audits and provide audit reports. 

The audit report will be disclosed in the annual information disclosure. 



29 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

Legal compliance and other matters 

The Alphacat Foundation will employ well-known domestic law firms as legal 

advisors to the Alphacat project, which will provide the Alphacat Project with 

comprehensive legal services in the digital asset transaction structure, operational 

compliance, legal risk control system design and overseas legal advice. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



30 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

6 Risk Disclosure & Disclaimers 

6.1 Risk Disclosure and Recognition 

Systematic Risk 

Systematic risk refers to the possible changes in earnings due to the global 

common factors that affect the returns on all securities in the same way. For 

example, there is policy risk. At present, the regulatory policies for the blockchain 

projects and the financing methods are not yet clear in this country, and there is 

a certain possibility of loss of participants due to policy reasons. In the market 

risk, if the overall value of the digital asset market is overestimated, the 

investment risk will increase and participants may expect the listing projects to 

grow excessively. However, these high expectations may not be realized. At the 

same time, systemic risks include a series of force majeure factors, including but 

not limited to, natural disasters, widespread worldwide breakdown of computer 

networks and political instability. 

 

Risk of lack of supervision 

Digital asset transactions, including ACAT Tokens, are highly uncertain. Due 

to the current lack of strong regulation in the field of digital asset transactions, 

there is a risk that electronic digital currencies will rise and drop suddenly and 

sharply and are subject to market manipulation by the bankers. If individual 

participants are lack experience after, it may be hard for them to resist the asset 

shock and psychological pressure caused by the market instability. Although 



31 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

experts and the government media have given cautious suggestions from time 

to time, there are still no written supervisory methods and provisions. Therefore, 

such risks are hard to be effectively circumvented. 

 

Risk of introduction of regulation policy 

It is undeniable that the in the foreseeable future, there will be the 

introduction of regulations to constrain the blockchain and electronic digital 

currency areas. If regulated entities regulate this sector, the digital currencies 

purchased during the listing period may be affected, including but not limited to 

fluctuations or restrictions in price and marketability. 

 

Inter-team risk 

At present, there are many blockchain technology teams and projects, so the 

competition is fierce and there is a strong market competition and project 

operating pressure. Whether the Alphacat project can break through in many 

excellent projects and get wide recognition determined by both their own team 

capabilities and vision planning and many competitors in the market and even 

the oligarchs. The team may also face vicious competition. 

 

Risk in the team 

Alphacat brings together a team with vitality and strength and attracts senior 

practitioners in the area of blockchain and experienced technology developers and 

so on. The stability and cohesion within the team are crucial to the overall 

development of Alphacat, which is the leader in the industry. In the future 

development, Alphacat may be subject to negative impact caused by leaving of 



32 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

the core personnel and conflicts within the team. 

 

Project co-ordination and marketing risk 

The Alphacat founding team will spare no efforts to achieve the development 

goals set out in the White Paper and to extend the space for project growth. At 

present, Alphacat has a relatively mature business model analysis. However, given 

the unforeseen factors in the overall development trend of the industry, the current 

business model and the overall planning approach cannot well match with the 

market demands, thus making earnings unpredictable. Meanwhile, the White 

Paper may be adjusted with as the project details update. If participants fail to 

obtain the updated details of the project or the public is not aware of the latest 

progress of the project, they may be lack of awareness of the project due to lack 

of information, thus affecting the subsequent development of the project. 

 

Project technical risk 

The project is based on cryptography algorithm. The rapid development of 

cryptography is bound to bring potential risk of being cracked. At the same time, 

the blockchain, distributed ledger, decentralization and not agree to tamper with 

support the development of core businesses and the Alphacat team cannot fully 

guarantee the implementation of technology. 

 

Hacking and crime risk 

The amount of individual supporters is small, but the total number is large, 

which also places high requirements on the safety and security of the project. 

Electronic digital currency is anonymous and is difficult to be traced back, and so 



33 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

it is often used by criminals or vulnerable to hacking. It may also involve criminal 

activities such as the transfer of illegal assets. 

 

Other unknown risks at present 

With development of blockchain technology and overall industry, Alphacat 

may face some unexpected risks. Participants should fully understand the team 

background, know the project's overall framework and ideas, reasonably adjust 

their own visions and participate rationally in digital currency crowd funding 

before making the decision to participate in. 

 

6.2 Disclaimer 

Alphacat is a non-profit system. The system's future internal reward 

mechanism and operation and maintenance mechanisms are based on virtual 

digital assets (i.e., virtual goods), rather than monetary incentives. The digital 

currency generated by the system itself can be used as a reward for system 

maintenance. However, in order to meet the exchange of resources between the 

system and other systems or other social subjects, a certain amount of NEO 

currency and other virtual digital assets are required to intervene. Accordingly, the 

assets acquired by Alphacat are only similar virtual digital assets such as Bitcoin, 

Ethereum and NEO. 

ACAT Token is a digital currency with Alphacat as one of its usage scenarios. 

It is a kind of virtualization reward system for the operation of the system, not a 

monetary return. Therefore, ACAT currency exchange is not an investment. 

Holding ACAT currency does not represent ownership of Alphacat or Alphacat 



34 
 

Disclaimer: This Document is an internal document. Please DO NOT repost the document to others. Otherwise 

all the losses caused by the consequences are undertaken by yourself. Alphacat reserves the right to pursue 

the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses if there is any harm and loss to Alphacat 

(including but not limited to reputation, economy, etc.) 

applications. Alphacat does not grant any individual any rights to participate in, 

control or make any decision about Alphacat and the application of Alphacat. 

The holder of ACAT Token can participate in the scenario of the Alphacat platform, 

but cannot directly sell them off. The value goal of the ACAT Token is to create a 

scarcity experience for the participants and holders about the application value 

and virtual goods of the Alphacat application platform and usage scenarios, rather 

than monetary value or transactional value. We cannot guarantee that ACAT 

Tokens will have appreciation, and it is also possible that under certain 

circumstances there will be a decline in the value of psychological cognition. 

Due to the unpredictable circumstances, the goals outlined in this White 

Paper may change. Although the team will do its utmost to achieve all of the 

goals, all individuals and groups that purchase ACAT Tokens will at their own risks. 

This Alphacat Project Introduction is for informational purposes only and does 

not constitute any investment advice, investment intention or solicitation of 

investment. This White Paper does not constitute any sale or purchase, any offer 

for sale or purchase, any form of securities, or any form of contract or 

commitment. 

Participants of the Alphacat listing project should carefully read this 

introduction to have a comprehensive understanding of Alphacat's technical 

characteristics and the risk-return characteristics, and should give full 

consideration to their own risk tolerance to make rational judgment and careful 

decision. Participants are willing to bear all the corresponding results or 

consequences once they indicate that they understand and accept the risk of the 

project. 



35 
 

 

Alphacat is the world's first robot adviser marketplace focused on crypto 

currencies.  

It is also the world's first platform providing various AI trading robots for 

users to offer investment advisor service.   

The goal of Alphacat is to make it easy for the average person to invest 

just like buying a bottle of Coke and get a good investment performance. 

 

 

Best wishes,  

Alphacat Team.  

  

  

* Due to the differences between the regional cultures, languages and 

time zones, the Alphacat team shall have the final interpretation of the 

content description. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



36 
 

 

<Contact Alphacat> 

l  Alphacat Official Website：www.AlphaCat.io 

 

l  Telegram I Group：https://t.me/joinchat/HuYNTRDnydTEdVBmrSfbtg 

l  Telegram II Group: 

https://t.me/joinchat/HuYNTUdfcwP_DQJndmWgPw 

l  Telegram Chinese Group：

https://t.me/joinchat/HuYNTU0NLvd2EK4bA3X1AA 

l  Telegram Official ID：@AlphacatOfficial 

 

l  Twitter：https://twitter.com/ACAT_Official 

l  Facebook：https://www.facebook.com/AlphacatOfficial/ 

l  Reddit：https://www.reddit.com/user/Alphacat_Official/ 

 

l  Wechat Official Account：CAT智投管家 

http://www.alphacat.io/
https://www.reddit.com/user/Alphacat_Official/

