






















WHITEPAPER

March 2018



TABLE OF CONTENTS 

1

ALTEUM
Abstract 2
I. INTRODUCTION ……………………………………………………….. 3
• The Digital Economy ………………………………………………… 3
• Blockchain…………………………………………………………….. 5
• Digital Currencies and Assets………………………………………. 6
• Digital Future………………………………………………………….. 7 

II. THE ALTEUM FOUNDATION ……………………………………....... 9 

III. DECENTRALIZED BLOCKCHAIN ECOSYSTEM .......................... 11
• AUM & The Foundation ...…………………………………………… 12
• The Token Economy & Valuation …………………………………... 12 
• Building the Alteum Ecosystem …………………………………….. 15 

IV. PROJECT ECONOMY MANAGEMENT ………………………….. 18
• Development ………………………………………………………….. 18
• Business ………………………………………………………………. 18
• Growth …………………………………………………………………. 18 
• Exchange ……………………………………………………………… 22  

V. AUM BENEFITS: OUR SOLUTION…………………………………… 28 

VI. ICO STRUCTURE ……………………………………………………… 30

VII. TOKEN DISTRIBUTION................................................................. 31

VIII. ROADMAP ………………………………………………………….... 32

IX. FAQs ……………………………………………………………………. 33 

X. LEGAL DISCLAIMER …………………………………………………… 35

GLOSSARY OF TERMS …………………………………………………… 36

NOTABLE REFERENCES …………………………………………………. 39 



ALTEUM: A NEW FINANCIAL ECOSYSTEM ON THE BLOCKCHAIN 

By: The Alteum Organization
info@alteum.io
www.Alteum.io

ABSTRACT. The theoretical introduction of Bitcoin (BTC) by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008 led to it being the 
first example of a token or a digital asset with no intrinsic value and no institutionally centralized backing to 

gain worth through the use of a self-sustaining, trustless network, one that we now recognize as the 

blockchain. Since then, the digital asset has entered market valuation and transformed into an increasingly 

profitable cryptocurrency speculative business, meanwhile, the blockchain technology underlying these 

assets has begun to be used in other fields, its applications growing at an unprecedented rate within a very 

short period of time. There are currently trillions of coins and digital assets in circulation, backed by a myriad 

of start-ups and corporations, which have added operational complexity for those interested parties that are 

willing to become active participants in this developing arena of cryptoeconomic systems. The technical 

knowledge required and the vague legal space that crypto-assets currently reside in have increased costs 

and the potential of being victimized by scams and frauds. What the Alteum Foundation intends to provide 

is solutions to these problems, and to set up a network with smart infrastructure throughout all emerging 

markets in Latin America in order to facilitate access to the new economic systems being built for those 

individuals that have historically been disenfranchised. A part of our unique proposition is tailored to 

investors with a medium to high-risk tolerance, but our main goal is to expand beyond investors to the 

average person that does not have access to banks and other institutions, allowing them to become 

participants at an early stage in this industry, one that has an exponential growth potential in the years to 

come. We envision a transnational financial network throughout the region, supported by our four distinct 

pillars of “Business” “Development” “Growth” and “Exchange”, entities whose interactions will based on 

the blockchain technology that we will be developing. We believe that this Foundation is set to reorganize 

all of the old institutions and all the old inefficient mechanisms that have weighed on and impeded the 

possibility for true economic development.

2

mailto:info@alteum.io
http://www.alteum.io


INTRODUCTION
The road to the creation of a digital cryptocurrency has been full of hundreds of failed attempts. The 

concepts behind the creation of a digital coin have been around since the 1980s, with David Chaum’s blinding 

method using early cryptographic applications to encode transactional information. This continued with 

development of Digicash and Ecash in the early 1990s, soon followed Wei B Dai’s  b-money and PayPal in 1998, 

Hal Finey’s reusable proofs of work in 2005, and Nick Szabo’s BitGold in 2005 (Narayanan, Bonneau, Felten, 

Miller, & Goldfeder, 2016.) The publication of the Satoshi White Paper in 2008, and the subsequent release of 

the Bitcoin open-software in 2009, soon led to the adoption of this new transactional system, one that combined 

the use of time stamping, proof of work, and incentive mechanisms in order to create a self-sustained distributed 

ledger network run through trustless consensus. The adoption of Bitcoin gave way to the rise of Altcoins  with 

Litecoin (2011) and Dogecoin (2013) being amongst the first to begin to trade in newly created cryptocurrency 

markets, existing outside traditional banking and government institutions.  As Altcoin selection and total market 

capitalization of cryptocurrencies grew, so did the market industries surrounding them, and as such, institutional 

entities have grown increasingly wary of the threat that decentralized digital currency systems may pose to their 

financial and socio-economic infrastructures.

 

The Digital Economy

Cryptocurrencies are an entirely new asset class, one that the modern market hasn’t seen before, and 

like any industry still in its infancy stage, it will continue to experience tremendous innovation, evolution, 

disruption, and exponential growth over the next few decades. It has become increasingly evident in these past 

few years that there is an incredible market potential for cryptocurrencies. Our estimates predict that the Total 

Market Cap could well be worth over 5 Trillion USD by 2025 (Figure 1.1) if current growth holds constant, of 

course.

3

TOTAL MARKET CAP IS EXPECTED TO BE WORTH 
 5 TRILLION DOLLARS IN 2025

Figure 1.1 - Cryptocurrency Total Market Cap



Some critics and experts have warned of a Bubble, and yet the substantial growth that we have seen seems to 

go beyond the traditional timeframe that market bubbles usually take to develop, leading some to say that we may be 

witnessing the “Biggest Bubble of Our Lifetimes” (Bloomberg, Katz, Verhage, 2017.) 

While this may well be true, basic sociological models could indicate otherwise, in that the cryptocurrency 

market is not in a bubble, but rather following the generic S-curve pattern seen in most technology adoption life 

cycles. These type of models describe any acceptance or growing adoption of a new technological innovation, usually 

based on psychographic characteristics of previously noted adopter classes.  Generally, S-curves patterns such as 

these are seen to become more compressed as technology advances and production becomes more widespread, 

which can then lead to a more pronounced vertical growth adoption phase (Christensen, 1992.) Throughout the 20th 

century, every major mass-market technology that has experienced near-universal adoption, has also gone through a 

growth trajectory reflecting an S-curve form, and we believe that cryptocurrency adoption pattern seems to fall into 

this category.

Despite criticism of bubble potential, and despite the recent dips seen in early 2018, one should be able to 

differentiate between the future growth of the industry and the current valuation of its largest player: Bitcoin. Thus far, 

the market has been fueled mostly by speculators, and the observed price volatility is evidence of the fragility of these 

markets—yet it should be mentioned again that this is an industry in maturation and if Bitcoin and the Cryptocurrency 

market are indeed following a standard S-curve, then the short-term rates of adoption (typically sales to new 

customers or new investors in the market) are expected to be highly volatile.  

When the technological adoption reaches a plateau, as seen in a typical S-curve, then volatility will decrease. 

Currently, Cryptocurrency ownership is estimated to be around 0.5% (possibly around 40 million users), so if this 

market is indeed following a standard S-Curve, we expect that there will be a massive exponential increase towards 

the end of the mass adoption phase, which will make all current exuberance and volatility look unremarkably small in 

comparison. The trend so far appears to be following a typical technological adoption curve with its current rapid 

pace, and it seems all but certain that at some point in the near future, cryptocurrencies will be incredibly common,  

and we expect they will be used by mainstream consumers due to the myriad of benefits they provide over traditional 

fiat currencies. 

There are currently over a thousand cryptocurrencies along with numerous services providers to the industry, 

but as the current rate of adoption demonstrates, we are still some years away until this technology become part of 

the daily life of the average consumer. However, this new way of organizing economic communication between 

parties through decentralized and trustless consensus implies a disruptive change in our social and financial systems, 

which in turn may present a very real existential threat to those entities that do not adapt and accept the change that 

is coming with a new digital economy.

 

 

4

INTRODUCTION



INTRODUCTION

Blockchain

The ideas behind the blockchain can be traced back to a 1991 paper by Haber and Stornetta where a method 

for the secured timestamping of digital documents was proposed (Narayanan, Bonneau, Felten, Miller, & Goldfeder, 

2016.) The goal of timestamping was to provide when a document came into existences, conveying the order of 

creation of these documents, implying an innate security property as a timestamp could not be retroactively modified.

Satoshi’s use of timestamping incorporated this design to not only create digital signatures, but also to mark 

and approve each transaction through proof-of-work mechanisms that could be recorded in a distributed ledger of 

continuously hashed “blocks.” This was the creation of the blockchain, a public registry of all transactions that have 

been executed since the creation of the first genesis block. Each block contains a cryptographic hash of the previous 

one created, containing the timestamp and all transactional data, approved by all the nodes in the network. Satoshi’s 

intent was for the system to be inherently resistant to any modification of the data, and thus ensure trustless 

cooperation and continuation to occur.  

The blockchain is not only secure by design, but it also managed to achieve decentralized consensus, solving 

the Byzantine General’s Problem (Byzantine fault tolerance) and the double-spending problem. The blockchain has 

been described as a value exchange protocol (Bheemaiah, 2015), as it can transact valuable information, implying that 

it can be used to represent any number of digital assets. This means that it can be integrated in a variety of different 

areas, and therefore carries the possibility to change traditional business models, with the added potential to create 

entirely new foundations for global socioeconomic systems. 

 

“Blockchain will do for transactions, what the internet did for communication.”

-ALTEUM CEO, Victor Navarro

Therefore its innate characteristics promise to bring about disruptive change, as the organizational structure 

of our institutions is set to be completely transformed. Some even go so far as to believe that blockchain technology 

has the potential to change the very fabric of our society. But whatever the case may be, the technology has arrived 

with cryptocurrencies, and it appears that, at least for the time being, it is here to stay.

 

5



INTRODUCTION

Digital Currencies and Assets

Cryptocurrencies, as their name suggests, are largely based on cryptographic designs. While modern 

cryptography is still largely a theoretical field, cryptographers use mathematics to define “primitives, protocols, and 

their desired security properties in a formal way, and to prove them secure based on widely accepted assumptions 

about the computational hardness of specific mathematical tasks.” (Narayanan, Bonneau, Felten, Miller, & 

Goldfeder, 2016.) Cryptocurrencies then have security measures, ones that prevent manipulation of information 

within the system, like providing different statements to different people.  Unlike traditional fiat currencies, which are 

backed by legal rules and structures (which may be hard to implement at times) the security rules of cryptocurrencies 

can be enforced technologically by the use of cryptographic mathematics, without the need to rely on a central 

authority for arbitration. As already stated, cryptocurrencies use a distributed network to enable a peer-to-peer 

transaction system without the need for a third party.

Cryptocurrencies can also be described as digital assets, and they in turn can be known as tokens. Yet they 

are not one and the same. They are all, however, digital exchange media that use cryptography and shared public 

accounting records or blockchain. These features allow digital coins/tokens etc. to be secure, traceable and 

anonymous.

Digital coins (tokens) and other cryptocurrencies can be backed by the strength and size of a system (like 

Bitcoin) or by the start-up/company value that is behind the creation of the system (e.g. Ripple, XRP.) They are not 

legal tender, as they are not backed by the promise of a government or a financial institution. Still, like all currency 

systems, they depend on their perceived value, and their scarcity is based on mathematics, dependent upon the 

basic economic rules that each system decides to set upon its currency. 

Most crypto-assets are not tied to the availability of physical goods, such as gold, nor are they subject to 

government monetary policies and deficit spending (at least, currently.) However, the basic demand-supply laws of 

economics can be applied with regards to controlling scarcity and value. In fiat currencies, organizations like central 

banks control the money supply, and it is these that create legal anti‐counterfeiting features to the physical currency, 

while cryptocurrencies enforce various cryptoeconomic security properties to prevent cheating.  

The fiat security features make counterfeiting difficult, but not impossible (as was the case seen with North 

Korea allegedly creating millions of fake USD.) Ultimately, the entire batch of bills would need to be replaced, an 

inefficient and expensive endeavor to undertake. In comparison, to fake a digital currency transaction would require 

compromising and changing the entire blockchain, an act that is mathematically improbable, but still theoretically 

possible with the advent of quantum computing. Therefore, it stands to reason that digitally encrypted currencies 

are more secure, and objectively superior transactional systems. 

 

6



Digital Future

The Digital Future that we envision is a multilayered one, as a number of situations could develop that may alter 

the course of the markets. Overall, we believe that there are currently four major good reasons to invest in 

cryptocurrencies and in the blockchain technology behind them: First, because investors would want to hedge their 

net-worth against a possible long-term dismantling of the Petrodollar global Forex imperium, due to rising Dollar 

inflation, unsteady global politics, and unsustainable US debt, which could mean the end of US Hegemony, a fact 

assumed by many world-renowned economists to inevitably happen at some point in the near future. Second, to 

diversify investment across a variety of uncorrelated markets in order to mitigate exposure and risk in the event of a 

sudden market downturn. Third, to gain access to above-average market returns on their investment, sums that in 2017 

saw an average of more than 1,500% returns, and as such, to lessen the opportunity cost in not doing so. Fourth, to 

maximize marginal profits taking advantage of the cryptocurrency market volatility that isn’t normally experienced in 

mainstream Forex markets. In short, many investors would seek the following:

• ECONOMIC HEDGING/LONG-TERM INVESTMENT

• INVESTMENT DIVERSIFICATION AMONGST UNCORRELATED INDUSTRIES

• TO GAIN ACCESS TO ABOVE-AVERAGE MARKET RETURNS

• TO MAXIMIZE MARGINAL PROFITS

 

These reasons are in addition to what many in the cryptocurrency community already see as obvious: to be active 

participants in a decentralized method of exchange, one that many argue will revolutionize financial and economic 

systems at large—and this already goes along with investors’ appreciation of the emergent blockchain technologies that 

are being developed by ICO-backed start-ups (ALTEUM included) followed by an indirect support of the social and 

political vision behind many of these cryptocurrencies. 

Digital currencies have the potential to change the financial world and in many ways have already started to do 

so, showing unprecedented returns and industry growth. Bitcoin, as potentially the “biggest bubble of our lifetimes” 

was the first cryptocurrency, and is still the largest, most established, and has the best chance of achieving current 

adoption. But, that does not mean that there isn’t any space left for variety. What we can learn from past market history, 

most notably the aptly-named Dot-Com Bubble and the Internet Revolution that started in the 90s with the creation of 

companies such as eBay, PayPal, and Amazon, is that while there may currently be an overvaluation of the market, that 

doesn’t mean that all profitable and successful companies will necessarily fail.  Most will fail, some will survive, and the 

market will correct—a fact that we can carry over to the plethora of start-ups and token networks currently being offered 

on the market. Yes, they are volatile, but as already mentioned, this is due to the fact that their total market cap size is 

still relatively small (currently 450 billion USD ), and the value of a mature currency ranges from $ 10 million to $170 

billion (Coinmarket Cap, Feb 2018). As market capitalization grows, so will the stability of each coin, if they manage to 

survive that is. The diagram below demonstrates what we can take away from past experiences (Figure 1.2)

INTRODUCTION

7



NOTE THAT INVESTING IN DEVELOPING TECHNOLOGY COMES WITH A RISK

BUT THE EXPECTED GROWTH OF THE DIGITAL ECONOMY IS EXPONENTIAL.

THERE’S A SIGNIFICANT OPPORTUNITY COST IN NOT
INVESTING IN THE FUTURE TODAY

WHAT WE LEARNED FROM
THE INTERNET REVOLUTION

8

Figure 1.2 - Internet Market Trajectory



THE ALTEUM FOUNDATION
With all of the aforementioned things in consideration, we decided then to build an entity that would be an active 

participant in bringing about this new infrastructural change: ALTEUM.

Our team’s solution was to create the ALTEUM Foundation, a network comprised of a smart infrastructure 

base, one that was able to connect all emerging markets in Latin America in order to facilitate access to the new 

economic systems being built for those individuals that have historically been disenfranchised. It has been said 

countless times that there is huge potential for growth in Latin America, with its wide array of natural resources and 

broad markets but corruption, mismanagement of national resources, and debt have plagued the region for 

centuries, stifling true economic growth. We believe that now, for the first time in our history, we have the 

technological tools to take that power back, to be able to fundamentally change the ineffective and oligarchic 

institutions that have continuously contributed to the region’s underdevelopment. We will be the first firm in Latin 

America to develop a full end-to-end decentralized blockchain ecosystem, a world class blockchain ecosystem with 

latin roots, as we understand the culture and shared history that tie us all together. 

We want to break the traditional and toxic currency paradigm that has been subject to manipulation by 

outside sources by inflation, debt default, and currency crises and promote the adaptation of a new digital economy, 

one that is based on and organized by blockchain technology. Through our Latin American digital currency AUM, we 

will carry out and promote different projects throughout the region using developing blockchain technology with the 

aim of implementing its many innovational benefits in Latin American countries. We see ALTEUM as a transformation 

vehicle and we invite all future investment partners to be part of the success in a simple, transparent, and safe way, 

accessible to all. 

 

OUR GOALS

• Anchor the adoption of blockchain in Latin America.

• Facilitate access and use of digital currencies.

• Undertake and promote projects which provide benefits to society.

A part of our unique proposition is tailored to investors with a medium to high-risk tolerance, but our main 

goal is to expand beyond investors to the average person that does not have access to banks and other institutions, 

allowing them to become participants at an early stage in this industry, one that has an exponential growth potential 

in the years to come. We envision a transnational financial network throughout the region, supported by our four 

distinct pillars of “Business”, “Development”, “Growth”, and “Exchange”, entities whose interactions will based on 

the blockchain technology that we will be developing. 

9



THE ALTEUM FOUNDATION
We aim to maximize returns in the short and long terms, above the average of the traditional Latin 

American economy, which has experienced an annual GDP growth of ∼2% (IMF, 2018) We aim to do this through 

the strategic investment of industry, interconnecting markets, and developing new areas for economic growth 

through the financial ecosystem that we are setting up. We believe that this Foundation is set to reorganize all of 

the old institutions and all the old inefficient mechanisms that have weighed on and impeded the possibility for 

true economic development.

The ALTEUM Foundation plans on carrying out projects that bring social and economic benefits to Latin 

American society. Its mission is to create urgency and to promote change at the most basic and structural level. 

All academic literature points to the fact that institutions drive long-term economic growth (Acemoglu, Johnson, 

Robinson, 2005) and the reorganization of these entities will surely bring about a fundamental change in the way 

that the economy is going to be run.  

One of the main purposes of Blockchain and Cryptocurrencies is to benefit people by eliminating high 

costs of financial transactions from banks and other financial institutions. This does not only give them monetary 

empowerment, it also increases fluidity in transactions and can potentially propel a country’s economy forward. 

We want to join this new economic revolution and be ambassadors for this technology, installing all of these 

innovational benefits in Latin America. We believe that the key for a successful transition to the digital economy 

depends upon the massive adaptation of the technology, regardless of one’s background or social class. 

For this reason, we are going to be allocating a percentage of the firm's profits to promote the 

adaptation of Blockchain and the use of Cryptocurrencies in Latin America, in order to raise awareness and help 

more people use and benefit from this technology. We will make specific efforts to educate people about 

Blockchain regardless their social class and age. We will involve NGOs and governments to join the change and 

hopefully, we will bring more accessibility to this technology in Latin American countries. With these, along with 

many more socially responsible activities, we hope to enhance people's personal wealth and consequently, 

improve the overall development of the Latin American economy.

10

WE ARE BUILDING 
THE BIGGEST BLOCKCHAIN 

INVESTMENT NETWORK 
IN LATIN AMERICA



DECENTRALIZED BLOCKCHAIN ECOSYSTEM

11

ALTEUM, has developed a Decentralized Ecosystem in which several projects will coexist that in turn will also 

aid in rapid appreciation of our AUM token.

 

The ecosystem core is composed of four autonomous pillars which interact and create balance for the firm: 

Development, Growth, Business, and Exchange, which will focus on projects that are a fundamental part for 

sustained long-term growth.



DECENTRALIZED BLOCKCHAIN ECOSYSTEM

12

AUM & The Foundation

ALTEUM, as the organizational entity of its quadripartite foundational model, has offered AUM Tokens in 

order to create economic communication within the decentralized financial ecosystem it seeks to develop. The 

four pillars mentioned in this White Paper: “Development”, “Growth”, “Business”, and “Exchange” are meant to 

represent the different sections that will make up the Alteum System. “Development” refers to a Venture 

Capital-like group that will serve as an incubator and be making investments and loans in tech startups and 

blockchain based products, “Growth” refers to an actively-managed Investment Fund called Alteum Alpha, 

consisting of an Index-backed enterprise, Altcoin groupings, and individual client portfolios with specific 

positions in the cryptocurrency space, “Business” refers to the companies backed by Alteum that are expanding 

fintech innovation and generating revenue, and “Exchange” refers to the AlteumX Exchange platform partnered 

with Alteum where AUM tokens and other cryptocurrencies can be traded for fiat or other digital assets. The goal 

is to create a space in which several projects coexist that in turn will also appreciate the value of AUM tokens, 

one where the AUM Token is supported not simply by perception or speculation, but by the economy behind the 

four pillars which constitute it. The AUM Token will be necessary to enjoy the benefits offered by Alteum in that it 

will serve as a (1) Medium of exchange between each of its parts, (2) a measure of value that is underscored by 

overall company growth, (3) a unit of account that represents a share in diversified financial investments, and (4) a 

store of value that appreciates through company dividends. When asked to classify the token itself, we can 

surmise that due to these characteristics, AUM is an utility/equity hybrid, one which theoretically could also be 

able to function as a type of tradable entity, therefore its value is dependent on a multi-variable valuation. To 

explain the functionality of such a system, we should first examine the structures of a token-based economy, 

apply basic Monetarist theory, Efficient Market Theory, Behavioural Economics, and consider Mechanism Design 

(with its so-called crypto economic uses) in order to properly describe the production, distribution, benefits, and 

overall role of the tokens that are to be offered in this ICO process.

 

The Token Economy & Valuation

As ICOs have become increasingly common in the crypto-space, so has their versatility in use and in the 

implementation of new economic ecosystems. We then begin to hear the phrase “Token Economy” being 

utilized a lot, a term that is actually borrowed from the field of Psychology, wherein a system is constructed to 

incentivize and modify behaviour through the use of tokens, ones that are used continuously as conditioned 

reinforcers. While most people within the crypto-currency space use the term to describe their own 

ICO-tokenized systems, there is a shared premise that exists between the original academic definition and the 

current one in development: that structures are being built with the mechanisms of tokens, and economic 

behaviour is being modified through them. 



DECENTRALIZED BLOCKCHAIN ECOSYSTEM

13

To be sure, an economic incentive analysis can be applied to any token-based system, which could be 

especially important when one is designing the protocol level in addition to the business side of such a system, a 

feat that is done in order to explore any economic vulnerabilities that this system may have (what can described in 

Mechanism Design as being strategy-proof.) However, one should note that these new token-systems, while 

sharing a groundwork with basic economic structures, are actually developing entirely new ecosystems due to the 

newfound versatility of usage that is allowed through blockchain technology. Assets that are created on the 

blockchain have a very wide design space and can be constructed in a myriad of ways—allowing a token to have 

both transferable utility (serving as a medium of exchange) and tradable equity. A token can serve as a currency 

(and thus become an effective store of value) but it can also function as a security or even in some cases, as a 

commodity. This classification is important from an economic standpoint because it defines the role that a token 

has in the system and the extent of the implications its usage may have. Although there is a wide array of 

well-developed academic theory in economic and monetary fields, the study in their implementation towards 

these new crypto-token systems has yet to be seen. 

We are participating in a real-world experimentation of old-world concepts with new technology.

To think about defining or classifying the Token Economy, one should first look at Modern Monetary 

Theory (MMT), which asserts that variations in the money supply have major influences in system output and 

currency value, of course, proponents of the theory also assume that an exogenous source of money, like the 

government, can never run out of money as it is the monopolistic supplier of the currency and can always produce 

more if need be. In Monetary Economics however, the ideal would be to keep the supply and demand for a 

currency at an equilibrium, to stem off both inflation and deflation influences. Then, it is possible that the Quantity 

Theory of Money (QMT), which states that the general price level of goods and services is directly proportional to 

the amount of money in circulation, can be applied to tokens if they are deemed to be a currency, and in this 

case, we can assume they are (due to the characteristics that AUM will have within this ecosystem.)

 

This would require an accounting identity to be utilized, which states that the value of transaction in a period (P) is 

equal to the amount of money within the system (M) times the velocity (V) which is the number of transactions 

within a given period:

P = MV

 

Therefore each token value (t) = P / MV



 

Another version of this would be the more mainstream Equation of Exchange:

M * V⊤ = P⊤ * T

 

Where (M) is the total amount of money in circulation on average in an economy during the period, say a year, (V⊤) is 

the transactions velocity of money, that is the average frequency across all transactions with which a unit of money is 

spent (which is meant to reflect availability of financial institutions, economic variables, and choices made as to how fast 

people turn over their money), (P⊤) is the price level associated with transactions for the economy during the period, 

and (T) is an index of the real value of aggregate transactions (Froyen, 1990.)

 

The theory above is based on the following assumptions:

• The source of inflation is fundamentally derived from the growth rate of the money supply.

• The supply of money is exogenous.

• The demand for money, as reflected in its velocity, is a stable function of nominal income, interest rates, and so 

forth.

• The mechanism for injecting money into the economy is unimportant in the long run.

• The real interest rate is determined by non-monetary factors (Froyen, 1990.)

 

In this particular ambit, we can accept the first three assumptions, since the latter doesn’t seem to be applicable. 

Therefore, if we are to implement this formulation into our AUM Token Economy, we can surmise the following:

 

PQ = MV 

 

Where (P) is the overall price level of the digital resource being provisioned, (Q) is the total quantity being offered, that 

is, this particular economy’s output (M) is the size of the asset base, and (V) is the velocity of transactions, the rate at 

which it changes hands.

However, our AUM tokens are not only to function as a currency, but also as a tradable dividend-creating asset, wherein 

we must therefore also account for the Present Value (PV) of a token’s associated flow of dividends (Conley, 2017.) 

Supposing a token holder can expect the following stream of profits:

π ≡{π1 ,π2 ,...,πT }

And supposing that the opportunity cost of this capital is r % (r as the rate of return to be earned on the next 

investment available), then we can attempt to value the token as follows:

∑Tt=1  (1−r)
t πt .

 

 

 

DECENTRALIZED BLOCKCHAIN ECOSYSTEM

14



DECENTRALIZED BLOCKCHAIN ECOSYSTEM

15

However, since these tokens are to be valued according to the market, with all information taken into account, then we 

could also attempt to use Efficient Market Theory (EMT), (Conley, 2017) formally put forward as:

 pt=E( pt+1 )

Then again, the tokens could also be valued with several other business valuation models, like the Treasury Method, 

Discounted Cash Flow, or other market-based valuation methods, even relative valuation using multiples. This is in 

addition to considering possible behavioral economic effects that could be seen within a variety of contexts.

 

We are aware of these ad hoc assumptions, but find them necessary in order to consider moving forward. 

While it is quite evident that the entire process is a complex one, what we can in fact deduce from all of these 

formulations is that our Token Valuation should not only be multi-variable dependent, but also one that takes all of the 

outputs of these functions into account, and attempt to correlate that to the real-world market value. Thusly, we will 

first have to observe the market reaction of the AUM Token, gather sufficient data, and then input that into our 

formulas, in order to do a worthy analysis—which we will be doing so in the near future.

 

Building the Alteum Ecosystem

We must remember here, that this in many ways, is an economic experimentation using digital assets, and 

despite having theoretic foundations, we will be learning new things about the system as it continues to grow. For now, 

we have designed a new financial ecosystem, and given our AUM Token versatile utility, we expect this to be reflected 

in its value. The Token Economy which we have envisaged can be visualized here:

 

 



DECENTRALIZED BLOCKCHAIN ECOSYSTEM

16

The Left side, (Figure 3.1) labeled INVESTMENT and BUSINESS are meant to be the sources from which 

the AUM dividends come from. To compare, the Right side, (GROWTH and EXCHANGE) are where the AUM 

token is to be subject to market valuation, experience usage, and subsequently, growth in its network. The 

revenue stream that all token-holders will share in is dependent on the amount of traffic the system has, which 

will ultimately sustain growth and create more revenue streams that then tie back into the system as it gets 

reinvested and redistributed. What quantities will be reinvested in the company, and what amount is to be 

distributed amongst the holders is dependent on market conditions which can be subject to lack of information, 

contributing to investor uncertainty and perceived risk, leading to speculation, which can leave tokenized-assets 

being overvalued or undervalued. This is partly why we are also introducing the AUM  Tokens (also based on 

the Ethereum Network) which will be available only to the ALTEUM ALPHA FUND investors, and can  only be 

exchanged using AUM—a valuation that is to be set by the current equity held by the fund in both fiat and 

crypto-assets.

 

Figure 3.1 - ALTEUM Four Pillar Composition



DECENTRALIZED BLOCKCHAIN ECOSYSTEM

17

 
The ALTEUM ALPHA FUND (or AUM  Fund), like the ALTEUM X Exchange will also be accepting AUM 

Tokens from investors to pay fees, valued at a discount. We want this to incentivize trading and movement of the 

AUM, and thus allow the demand to play its role in the market. The level of fees however, will remain relative to 

a hypothetical issuance or burning of tokens in order to regulate any inflation (token depreciation) that we may 

see in the long run.

A group of professionals will be responsible for the incubation of and the investments in the best 

evaluated and most promising projects, however the Alteum Investment Committee is responsible for the 

selection of projects to incubate, based on the management team, their business model, industry opportunity 

and community, where we will support them with following:

 

1. Business model assessment

2. Token creation

3. ICO structure

4. Community development

5. Financing of the project

 

Keeping all these things in mind, we must not fail to mention Mechanism Design, as we believe the tools offered 

by this field have been and will continue to be incredibly useful in setting up our system.

We want to incentivize the user to take the correct actions (or the ones that are most beneficial to the 

ecosystem as a whole.) We can surmise that such an incentive will lead to a particular action, but behavioral 

economics has shown us that rationality in players (or agents) should not always be assumed. However, we will 

still be making attempts at inputting and analyzing social choice functions, induced by our specific mechanisms 

within the ecosystem.



PROJECT ECONOMY MANAGEMENT

18

Development 
The Development (Investment) Pillar is designed to work as an incubator; the roles of the AUM 

Token and the Alteum Exchange are key in facilitating access for project exposure from the trading 
population in the Latam region. By doing this, Alteum will not only rely on projects that are being done 
independently, but also allow us to able to create a strategic plan that will enable the creation of an ICO 
pipeline to feed our Exchange via the AUM Token. It is our current belief that a significant portion of Latin 
American projects remain largely untapped, while others may require experienced professionals to help 
them succeed. Some may not only need technical assistance, but also a committed team that understands 
their culture, economy, habits of living, and local needs. We have to be able to walk hand-in-hand in order 
to successfully undertake this journey and to make sure that we are introducing a high-quality token-offering 
and a reliable business model for all of our investors.

 

Business
The Business Pillar represents an autonomous blockchain operating company whose main role is to 

operate and commercialize blockchain related products and services. Under this Pillar, we will activate 
models such as Alteum Energy, Alteum Health, Alteum Financial Services, Mining and ATMS, in addition to 
teaching, supporting, and introducing to both public and private organizations our own blockchain network.
We believe it’s time to radically change our traditional structures, as all available offerings and knowledge 
today will not be enough to properly deal with the blockchain technology and smart-infrastructure that is to 
adopted in the coming years. We aim to be one step ahead by anticipating the inevitability of mass 
adoption. Latin American people are starting to realize the benefits of these technological innovations and 
we want to help accelerate their full understanding in order to improve the consumer and general 
population standard. By developing strategic partners globally, we will be able to expand our 
socio-technological footprint by being the blockchain provider of choice in the region.

Growth
If we are to solely focus on the Growth Pillar of the AUM Token, then we must have it access new 

markets, find new applications for it, and hopefully, help build the foundations of a new investor class. 
Therefore we are envisioning our ALTEUM ALPHA FUND, “a fund of funds” that will be comprised of a 
passively managed Index Fund (with low fees), Altcoin Tranches (our groupings for cryptos according to 
perceived risk and reward), and our AUM  Token basket, which will be the underlying unit of measure for all 
our assets stored. The AUM  Tokens are therefore tethered to real equity, and since only AUM can be 
exchanged for AUM  , then AUM is linked to our AUM  Standard. We will be using trustless technology in 
the form of smart contracts to be able to issue AUM  Tokens in response to transnational events occurring 
in other blockchains and other markets that reflect their value. This is done to make sure value can in some 
way be tethered to a larger array of assets, and thus prevent too much volatility.
 

The ALTEUM Alpha Fund (or AUM  Fund) will be the umbrella fund under which the rest of the 
funds are covered by, and beneath which each type of portfolio will be allocated into.  Like a traditional 
Hedge Fund, it will be run by a General Fund Manager, who will also be the Head of Strategy for the fund, 
meaning they will be making the overall decisions regarding the composition and direction of the Fund, as 
well as optimizing its smaller counterparts.  

These three large grouped funds are described below. It should be stated that each of these funds will be 
supported by a Systems Team, alongside the Trading and Research Groups.



PROJECT ECONOMY MANAGEMENT

19

MIRRORED INDEX FUND: ALICE

           Index Funds are generally considered 

safe methods of investment, as according to the 

Efficient Market Hypothesis, it is impossible to 

continually beat the market, and it has been 

demonstrated continuously that Index Funds 

tend to outperform most actively managed 

funds. As such, they are also cheaper when it 

comes to fees due to their more passive 

investment characteristics. An Index Fund 

generally moves or mirrors the overall market, 

and our Index Fund, called ALICE will aim to do 

just that. The ALICE Index will consist of a 

balanced pool of the top 20 (possibly up to 40) 

coins in the market (according to CoinMarket 

Cap), holding these assets proportionally to 

their value in the market as a whole. This way, 

investors can simply invest their resources in the 

already diversified pool instead of choosing 

specific coins to hedge. Note, most indexes are 

market-cap weighted, (versus price-based 

weighted) meaning that they place more value 

on those stocks (or assets) which have a larger 

share of the market, which at the time of this 

writing is Bitcoin (at around 35%, with 145B out 

of a total market cap of 416B.) What this means, 

in mathematical terms, is that the Index Fund’s 

value will be significantly dependent on that of 

Bitcoin’s, which may render the entire project 

moot. However, we have noticed a general 

reduction pattern in BTC Market Cap for 2017, 

meaning that if this trend continues, then BTC 

influence over the cryptocurrency market will 

gradually lessen, and the Index Fund can then 

be more democratically weighted. 

We would ensure the Index is continually 

calculated in order to readjust value and to 

provide an accurate reflection of the market 

during any trading session. 

           With regards to equity or stocks, (as they 

are usually offered to investors who invest in any 

fund that holds and manages assets) we will 

offer our clients AUM  Tokens, (operating on 

the Ethereum platform) and will ensure general 

compliance through smart contracts. The 

Tokens’ value will be reevaluated at the end of 

each day, in order to properly represent the 

value of their underlying assets (details of which 

will be explained in the Alpha Fund 

Whitepaper.)

            The ALICE INDEX Fund investments will 

be charged a lesser management fee (of 0.25%, 

an industry standard), and any additional profit 

compensation will be aptly distributed as well 

(10%). More details regarding the ALICE INDEX 

Fund will be presented in a formal Whitepaper 

later on as the project continues to develop.

ALTCOIN TRANCHES

        In traditional finance, a tranche refers to a 

set of loans that have been bundled together, 

usually given a credit rating and resold on the 

secondary market. Each tranche is defined by its 

different maturity rates, risks, and possible 

rewards. Using this idea, we have set forth the 

idea of Altcoin Tranches, wherein we have 

divided the different Altcoins currently available 

on the market and grouped them according to 

predicted maturity rates, risks, costs, and 

possible rewards. Our Groups range from A to 



PROJECT ECONOMY MANAGEMENT

20

D, with A being the highest rated (and usually 

the most expensive to invest in, like BTC and 

ETH) and D being the lowest rated, in terms of 

market cap, and popularity (as well as being the 

cheapest, and riskiest to invest in.) We will also 

be providing a separate ICO Tranche, which will 

consist of investing in tokens that are not yet 

being offered on exchanges, and as such, are a 

different asset class of their own. This 

classification will allow investors to choose from 

an array of previously grouped coins, according 

to the level of risk they wish to accept. To 

represent their equity share in these Altcoin 

Tranches, we will be providing clients the option 

to tokenize their investment share with AUM  

Tokens, each given a different tier in their 

valuation (e.g. AUM  A, AUM  B, AUM  C and 

so on) or to composite the equivalent amount in 

their portfolio if they wish to own a specific asset 

directly. 

PORTFOLIOS

        A portfolio is a group of financial assets 

held either directly or indirectly by investors and 

managed by financial professionals, each 

strategy dependent on each investor’s risk 

tolerance. We offer clients the option to set up 

their individual portfolios, with distinct 

investment strategies, advocating a certain 

percentage or amount into the Index, one of the 

tranches, or directly into an asset. The portfolios 

are to be actively managed, and as such, 

management fees starting from 1% (up to 2%) 

will be charged, in addition to an incentive fee 

at the end of each year (10% in the beginning, 

then 20%.) Each portfolio will be set up               

.             

according to a client’s preferences, goals, risk 

tolerance, and investment size. This 

individualized approach will be seen as an 

added benefit to the fund, and to clients 

themselves. 

 

TOKENIZED BASKET FUND: AUM

    Tokens are being offered in the 

cryptocurrency world as a way to represent 

intangible value, which usually encompass 

blockchain based equity offerings. These tokens 

are often used as a financing tool for the new 

start-up, we however aim to take this in a 

different direction. We wish to offer investors 

the option to invest in our AUM  Tokens, which 

will be produced and based on the Ethereum 

platform, operating with the ERC-20 Token 

Standard. Ethereum based tokens rely on a 

well-established network infrastructure, 

benefiting from several advantages: security and 

solidity; transparency and robustness, 

well-supported transactions, enabled by the 

smart contracts that are featured on the system. 

AUM  tokens will available only through AUM, 

or in a direct FIAT purchase, as we do not mean 

to value these tokens on the marketplace, as 

usual ICO offerings go. Instead, we wish to peg 

these tokens in tiers to each fund’s asset value in 

order to provide transparency to our investors 

and to solve any compliance issues through the 

smart contracts tool.  The Tokenized Basket 

Fund will consist of all the assets being offered, 

represented in token-form. 



PROJECT ECONOMY MANAGEMENT

21

        Every time an investment is made, the 

option is given either to tokenize a percentage 

into AUM  or to invest directly in crypto asset, 

the advantage to having AUM  is that each token 

represents a small percentage of a larger 

diversified whole.  The supply of AUM  available 

depends on incomes and outcomes of the fund’s 

capital. Every time an investment option is made, 

AUM  options will be given, and as such, the 

AUM  basket will continue to grow, This Fund 

will be used simply as a store of value, and the 

tokens utilized to avoid regulatory hurdles. 

 

AUTOMATED BOTS

           Trading bots are computer programs that 

use various indicators to recognize trends and 

automatically execute trades. While algorithmic 

trading software has been used by hedge funds 

in the equity, commodity and currency markets, 

trading bots for private investors first appeared in 

the foreign exchange a few years ago, allowing 

them to back test fully automated trading 

strategies by having the bots running on scalable 

cloud software 24/7.  The use of bots is 

recognized as a long-established and legitimate 

activity, and it has become ever more prevalent in 

the cryptocurrency markets, which is why we 

intend to implement automated bots to give our 

investors an edge up on their marginal trading 

profits. Note, this will be an option open to 

investors, to dictate a certain percentage of their 

funds to be tested out by a program of their 

choice, supervised of course by our Trading and 

Systems Teams. 

Our particularly designed Bots will be available at 

any level of investment, however, we will 

recommend a test run period with the client first 

in order to ensure satisfaction.

Finding the balance between applying 

advanced analytical techniques and deriving 

insights from alternative data sets can be integral 

to a fund’s growth. Therefore, the Alteum Alpha 

Fund also plans on utilizing artificial intelligence 

algorithms, along with the analysis of alternative 

datasets including gold forecasts and past asset 

movements. Part of our performance will be 

driven by artificial intelligence and alternative 

data, and we will be exploring utilization of these 

techniques more broadly across our business 

strategies. 

In addition to the aforementioned products, we 

will also be offering the following services:

● Advanced security (cold storage, multiple 
wallets, multisign, private keys, etc.)

● Support for a variety of digital assets and 
currencies

● Insurance (in certain cases) 
● Impeccable levels of cyber and physical 

security

The investment tiers would be very flexible, as 

the minimal investment option will be in the 

amount of a single AUM token (whether it be in a 

direct Fiat purchase of AUM  or not). This is 

partly due to it being the beginning stages of our 

fund, and our desire to cater to a wide variety of 

clientele.  The upfront fee (entry fee) will vary 

according to the amount (but will be usually 

0-3%), and where the money is being invested 

towards. However, there will be a liquidation fee, 

depending on the amount, time, and necessity of 

each case. 



PROJECT ECONOMY MANAGEMENT

22

Exchange 

The cryptocurrency ecosystem has been going through unprecedented changes—despite significant setbacks 

by hacks, a general lack of transparency, and several other issues seen within the many exchanges and trading 

platforms that are currently available.

With cryptocurrencies increasingly becoming an important asset class, trustworthy, transparent, and accessible 

exchanges are quickly becoming a necessity for users. We believe that current exchanges lack abilities to 

accommodate both small and large traders and investors, due to esoteric practices, high fees, and a lack of 

communication with their user base. In turn, this oligarchical approach limits cryptocurrencies’ adoption and overall 

market potential.

Therefore, we want for ALTEUM Exchange’s platform (AlteumX) to incorporate an internal private blockchain 

to safeguard users’ information, and at the same time be able to provide full transparency and trust in a trust-less 

system. In other words, each token/coin that is exchanged on our platform will not only be confirmed by their 

network-based blockchain, but also by our own internal blockchain-based mechanism, one that will serve as an added 

layer of protection for our users, and one whose transactions will be made readily available to the public. These 

innovating features, along with the new financial products that we are offering (in partnership with ALTEUM ALPHA 

Fund) will make our exchange secure, transparent, fair, trustworthy, and most importantly of all, profitable for both our 

investors and our customers.

 

Unlike most traditional exchanges, AlteumX will allow traders and investors of all sizes and backgrounds to be 

able to participate and enter the crypto landscape, which we hope will ultimately help enlarge the crypto-community 

in Latin America, a market ripe with potential. We aim to target these emerging economies through our ever-growing 

fiat gateway options made readily available in each of their national currencies, helping to create new groups of crypto 

enthusiasts, by guiding them and introducing them to new empowering opportunities offered by the tokenized and 

blockchain-based economic systems.

Our ultimate desire is for AlteumX to become the number one exchange in Latin America, by creating new fiat 

gateways in all Latin American countries, and developing a stronger presence in the regional communities by giving 

people access to new methods of wealth management, especially those that can exist beyond a possibly depreciating 

national currency. We hope to promote change by offering new pathways for growth development, creating more 

opportunity in these countries’ economic strategies, ones that can evolve outside of that very traditional hegemonic 

historical structure which has systematically abused and preyed upon Latin American communities. This is a team of 

Latin Americans, for Latin Americans, and as such, we wish to become an exemplary community in terms of service, 

security, user friendliness, efficiency, and above all, reliance—for crypto platforms worldwide, for the 

crypto-community at large, and for those very societies which we wish to transform.



PROJECT ECONOMY MANAGEMENT

23

SOLUTION

AlteumX’s mission is to create the best trading and investing platform for both institutional investors 

and private individuals. Our goal is fundamentally designed to both help and facilitate our users’ experience 

through the creation of easy management, investing, and trading tools (see Figure 3.2 below.)

In addition to this, AlteumX will also be using blockchain-based technology to secure transactions 

and users’ information in order guarantee a fair and transparent platform for all those involved. We will also 

be working on expanding access to the crypto world in all of Latin America by opening and operating fiat 

gateways throughout the region, starting with Mexico, followed by Brazil, and the rest of the nearby markets.

 

 

Figure 3.2 - ALTEUM X Exchange Prototype I



PROJECT ECONOMY MANAGEMENT

24

SECURITY MEASURES

Private Internal Blockchain (KRONOS)

The AlteumX Exchange platform was designed with 

security as one of its most important features. We 

have witnessed an ever growing pattern of attacks 

and hacks against exchanges, and due to this, we 

decided to create our own private blockchain 

network called KRONOS in order to keep our 

users’ information and their digital assets safe. Our 

developed and constantly improving private 

blockchain will add an additional layer of security 

for stored information and transactions within our 

exchange, as well as providing transparency for our 

customers. By developing our own internal 

blockchain, we are actually optimizing efficiency by 

cutting costs of operation—this is in addition to 

being able to provide a new level of security to our 

users. The system works by having each user’s 

information, along with their digital assets, be 

uploaded onto our blockchain where it is 

simultaneously stored and encrypted. This adds 

layers of security onto each other, as an attacker 

would have to bypass several layers to be able to 

hack all of the nodes in the system, which as the 

blockchain grows, becomes increasingly 

improbable.

ALTEUM’s private blockchain creates a block every 

5 minutes and creates redundancy when it needs to 

help make the blockchain more secure. By 

implementing all of this and continuing the 

development and improvement of KRONOS, we 

hope AlteumX will be a model of what a first class 

exchange should be like.

API Access

An API is available adventurous users. The API uses 

personal signature to authenticate the user, and 

make available the personal information, wallet 

management, AlteumX information, and trading.

 

Secure Web Services

AlteumX services are mounted over secure 

connections as Secure Socket Layer Certificates,

Encrypted messages implementing complex 

hashing algorithms through several secure layers 

on the system with limited and restricted access. 

We will use a secure HTTP, HSTS headers to 

enforce TLS encryption, CSP &X-XSS-P to mitigate 

XSS attacks and other possible hacks. All of our 

hosting will be done by an automated DDoS 

Shielded hosting solution with network and API 

level firewalls. All passwords are to be salted and 

hashed.

Fiat

Fiat currency is deposited to a unique account 

given by AlteumX to each user. Those accounts are 

monitored and deposits will be reflected in the 

user’s account after the confirmations are done. 

Withdrawals will be made to the accounts the users 

specified during this process.

 Large Deposits/Withdrawals Management 

In both, crypto and fiat currencies, large deposits 

and withdrawals are managed by admins that will 

contact personally the users to perform the 

transactions. These transactions are issued from an 

independent system that is linked to the AlteumX 

main system.



PROJECT ECONOMY MANAGEMENT

25

Hot (Active)/Cold Storages

Exchange will keep certain liquidity for both 

crypto and fiat currencies in order to manage 

transactions as fast as possible. AlteumX will 

always have more than 90% of its users funds 

stored in cold storage and only 10% of funds will 

remain active storage. Hot storages are 

managed by an automated independent entity 

using high encryption algorithms to prevent leak 

of sensible information needed for transactions. 

Cold storages are managed by a 

semi-automated system that is isolated from 

AlteumX main systems (hardware security 

system). Our cold storage system will be held 

and guarded in a maximum level facility to 

ensure the total protection of our users funds.

Authentication

Four types of authentication are managed: User 

personal password, login captcha, Two factor 

Authentication (2FA protection) with Google 

Authentication/SMS/OTP, and finally a personal 

withdrawal PIN.

Portfolio Analysis Tools and Features

AlteumX users will have at their disposal a wide 

variety of tools to improve their asset 

management through our user-friendly platform 

and portfolio builder. By understanding both the 

platform and their portfolio, users will have 

access to tools such as profit and loss per 

trades, comprehensible arrays of different digital 

assets, trading volumes, spread size, and time 

period. They will also be provided with a full 

visual representation of their portfolio in real 

time, synthesizing their trading data in graphs,     

that way our users will have all the information they 

need whenever they wish to see it.

All of these features and tools will be designed with 

efficiency in mind, making the platform visually 

appealing and easy to use. Over time AlteumX will 

be adding and developing additional tools and 

features, especially as we build upon the 

technological systems we have already established.

ICO Investing Tools

By integrating and taking advantage of ALTEUM’s 

financial ecosystem, AlteumX will allow crypto 

investors (who may be interested in participating in 

upcoming ICOs) the opportunity to partake in these 

offerings which may not be available elsewhere, and 

as such, facilitate access to new investment 

opportunities.

These features will be beneficial to both ICOs and 

interested investors since they reduce the various 

steps generally needed to participate in ICOs. A key 

component, for example, would be accelerating the 

KYC (Know Your Customer) process, since users 

have already provided the necessary documentation 

to AlteumX.

 

Tax Documentation and Payment

AlteumX is also working closely with local Latin 

American governments to facilitate and improve tax 

documentation and payment of taxes for the 

Institutional users who need to do so. Future 

developments will also help and facilitate our end 

users as well.



PROJECT ECONOMY MANAGEMENT

26

User Interface

At AlteumX, we are designing our interface with 

our users in mind, optimizing our UI to give 

them the best experience possible. With 

constantly improving and modifying our 

platform on a daily basis, we will make sure our 

customers always have the most advanced and 

user-friendly platform available to them.

We are aware that there are a wide variation of 

exchanges in the world. Some of them are 

interactive and easy to use while others are so 

complicated and sophisticated that the average 

user soon gets lost and confused. The useful 

tools and features that are available on some of 

these exchanges then become inaccessible to 

the user, as they quickly change platforms or 

give up on crypto-trading entirely.

For these reasons at AlteumX, we will offer two 

different services and features. One for the 

experienced and veteran crypto trader and 

another for the new and inexperienced user.

 

Expert Interface

The AlteumX Expert Interface will be designed 

specifically for the veteran trader and investor. 

This interface will include all the features one 

can expect from a world class crypto 

exchange—from the basic order types like limit 

orders, market orders, stop-loss orders to the 

advance orders as OCO and hidden orders. This 

is addition to all the advanced graphing and 

visual tools we can expect from professional 

financial service platforms.

Beginner Interface

The AlteumX Beginner Interface will be designed for 

all inexperienced and new users, coming from any 

number of backgrounds. For these beginners, we 

don’t want to overload them with information they 

don’t know yet how to use, as all the advanced and 

complicated features and tools of the current 

exchanges can appear to be at first. Rather, we wish 

to simplify the experience for them, by allowing our 

users to first learn the basics and feel comfortable in 

the new crypto world before they feel they can 

advance to the more sophisticated Expert Interface.

 The Beginner Interface will include all basic market 

order tools as well as previously designed crypto 

portfolios and options so that our new users can 

quickly join and participate in the crypto world as 

they see fit. We will also be including a tour session 

of the interface so our users can get to know all 

aspects of our platform before beginning their 

trades. 

Our goal is to make trading easy to understand and 

investing accessible to the average person that is 

just starting to get involved with crypto, and in 

doing so, we hope to attract a wide array of users to 

our community.

 

Matching Engine System

Our Order Matching Engine System will be 

efficiently matching all market orders done on our 

platform. It will currently be supporting the following 

types of orders:

● Market orders

● Limit orders

● Stop-loss orders

New types of orders will be added over time.



Our matching engine will also use the following 

algorithms:

• Pro-rata
• FIFO
• Market Maker Allocation

AlteumX Value Proposition

AlteumX is going to be a Centralized Exchange in 

the beginning since it needs to be able to open 

real-world fiat gateways in a variety of countries, 

and in doing so, it must be able to deal with 

governments as centralized organization. However, 

we are well aware of the advantages that a 

Decentralized Exchange can over traditional 

Centralized Exchanges, and as such, we at AlteumX 

are focusing on all the areas of opportunity that are 

arising and we are open on improving with them, 

especially if it means creating a better serviced 

system. Our private blockchain addresses a lot of 

these areas of opportunity by providing a 

decentralized and encrypted network to give our 

customers transparency and security. We want our 

users to have complete and real time access to 

their account balance and a full transaction history, 

along with accompanying analysis, which most of 

the Centralized Exchanges do not have. In short, 

AlteumX will be an exchange that:

• Is trust-less (our users will not need to trust each 

other in order for the system to function).

• Is front-running proof (as it will be impossible for 

the exchange to front-run users’ orders due to our 

advanced FIFO algorithm).

• Has a high throughput (as it is especially 

designed to be able to handle more than 10,000 

transactions/second and in the near future more 

than a 1,000,000/second.)

• Will become the fiat gateway for Latin America  

(starting with Mexico, followed by Brazil et al.)

AlteumX Exchange Business Model 

AUM Token: The AUM token which is an ERC223 

compatible token on the ethereum blockchain will be 

the number one form of currency and tradable asset in 

the AlteumX Exchange. Owners of AUMs will receive a 

whole wide range of benefits in the Exchange, 

described below.

TRANSACTION FEES

AlteumX Exchange will charge a competitive transaction 

fee to both the maker and taker in our platform. We will 

have 3 different transaction fees functionalities and 

options:

Fiat to Crypto and Crypto to Fiat: As every Latin 

American country has different regulations and laws our 

transactions fees from fiat to crypto and vice-versa will 

vary between each our fiat gateways and depending on 

which country you live in. The more harsh and regulated 

the county the more expensive the commission will be. 

This is simply to cover our costs and allow us to offer 

great services and comply with all the regulation and 

laws in that specific counties fiat gateway.

Crypto to Crypto: Our commissions for transactions 

from crypto to crypto will be competitive to other 

exchanges as Binance and Bitfinex.

Alteum (AUM) to Crypto: All transactions from AUM to 

Crypto or Crypto to AUM will have a discounted 

commission fee and over time this commission fee will 

decrease. Our goal here is to promote trades with AUM 

and make it the number one coin for trades and parity 

in the world. 

All trades will also be payable with AUM token at a 

discounted rate and users with a higher trade volume 

and active social profile will receive an extended 

discount.

 27



AUM value is supported not only by perception or speculation but by the economy that supports the four pillars

 

The AUM Token is the exchange coin, it provides for better fees, access to a variety of services in the Alteum X 

Exchange (like being eligible to request back to back loans), and premium access to the Alteum Alpha Fund via 

linkage to the AUM  Token for our Index and Altcoin Funds

In addition to this, we will be paying dividends issued in Ether (ETH) to all token holders of AUM who have kept 

in wallets prior to the dividend payment period. The percentage (%) amount will be decided by the Alteum 

Steering Committee and announced through all official channels.

28

AUM BENEFITS: OUR SOLUTION

CRYPTO FINANCIAL 
SERVICES

Access to benefits in the the 
Alpha Fund, via AUM  Tokens, 

Credits, Loans, etc

STORE OF VALUE
All Alteum projects will increase 

the token value

UTILITY TOKEN
Exchange Currency for Trading to 
FIAT and other Cryptocurrencies

ATMs
Fiat easy access 

Liquidity

ICOs INVESTMENT 
TOKEN

Accepted Token for future 
selected ICOs



AUM BENEFITS: OUR SOLUTION

29

DIGITAL CURRENCY OF 
LATIN AMERICA

RETURNS SURPASSING 
TRADITIONAL INVESTMENTS

FIAT ACCESS 
HIGH LIQUIDITY

EXCHANGE 
CURRENCY

BLOCKCHAIN ECOSYSTEM CRYPTO FINANCIAL SERVICES

ALTEUM IS ALSO SUPPORTED BY AN INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENT COUNCIL 
COMPRISED OF DIGITAL INVESTMENT EXPERTS

WHY INVEST IN AUM TOKENS?



PRE-SALE PRE-ICO ICO

TOKENS DURING ICO

37,500,000

Starts
February 16, 2018

Ends
March 15, 2018*

5,625,000 
TOKENS

11,250,000 
TOKENS

20,625,000 
TOKENS

0.35 USD 0.55 USD 0.75 USD

MINIMUM CONTRIBUTION .10 ETH    //  MAXIMUM 500 ETH

Alteum’s collection will be carried out through the sale of tokens in three different stages: PRE-SALE, PRE-ICO 

and ICO, where interested parties must register, complete the “Know Your Customer” procedure and send their 

contribution through SPEI or to Alteum’s Smart Contract.

Alteum’s digital currency (AUM) is an Ethereum ERC223 token, and is the first digital hybrid currency in Latin 

America because it serves two purposes: the first is as a store of value repository and the second is as an utility 

token with which you will be able to receive crypto financial benefits and services.

SOLD 
OUT

* ICO ends on March 15th or when AUM’s availability ends.

30

ICO STRUCTURE

Unsold tokens are to be treated as follows:
 
50% distributed within contributors // 50% Locked for 12 months



TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

TOTAL TOKENS 

50,000,000

15% PRE-SALE
30% PRE-ICO
55% ICO

2.5% ADVISORS
2.5% TEAM, MARKETING
 & BOUNTY 

20% ALTEUM

2X 3X 5X

When the token reaches 200% of 
its original value 2.5% of tokens 
is unlocked to Advisors.

When the token reaches 
300% of its original value 
10% is unlocked to  ALTEUM.

75%

31

When the token reaches 
500% of its original value 
10% is unlocked to ALTEUM.

UNLOCK FOR PERFORMANCE VESTING MODEL



ROADMAP

• Exchange Opening
• Launch of AUM as an exchange currency
• International Investment council activation
• ICO External Audit

• Opening of our Business Pillar
• Crypto-financial services
• Crypto-credits through AUM currency
• Alteum ATM's

2018

2019

• Development Pillar Opening
• Latin ICOs Incubator activation
• Strategic alliances with international currencies

• Strategic alliances with NGO’s to facilitate blockchain 
adoption

• Development of the social responsibility plan

32

Q2

Q3

Q4

Q1

Q2

• Growth Pillar Opening
• Coin and Tokens Investments
• Alteum Foundation



FAQs

33

What is the ALTEUM Organization and the AUM Token?
We are a pioneering firm in the digital investment sector, created for the purpose of breaking the traditional 
monetary paradigm in order to migrate to the new digital economy. We are a vehicle for financial transformation in 
which we invite our investor partners to be part of the success in a simple and transparent way. In short we want 
digital investments to be accessible and safe for all active participants our community.
 
When is ALTEUM’s ICO going to take place?
Our ICO is scheduled to start on February 16, 2018 and end on March 15, 2018.
 
What types of currencies can I use to invest in ALTEUM?
During the ICO we will only accept Ethereum (ETH), however to facilitate the access of our contributors we will be 
accepting other means of payment. Once the ICO is completed, the official currencies to invest in the platform will 
be Ethereum and Alteum Tokens.
 
When do I get my ALTEUM Tokens?
Once the ICO has finished your contribution in AUM will be communicated to you and Alteum will store them until 
it hits exchanges. The returns that we expect assuming the high volatility of this sector range from 20% to 300% per 
year, the mass adoption process will guide this growth, if this fails it translates into a loss. Our experience in the 
operation of these instruments and the prediction that digital currencies will have a value of 5 trillion dollars by the 
year 2025, give us clarity about the growth potential which is 30 to 1 in the next 7 years, assuming the current 
market value of 550 billion dollars.
 
How is investing through the Alteum Alpha Fund platform different from traditional investing?
At Alteum we seek to simplify access to investors who find themselves facing complex entry barriers and are 
missing the opportunity to maximize their returns. We want everyone to take advantage of this economic 
transformation which is why if we don’t deliver the projected minimum yields (a benchmark) linked to each portfolio, 
we do not charge a commission. This way, our incentives are compatible, and the reward system is fair to both 
parties. 

Who is ALTEUM for?
Alteum is for investors seeking medium to and high risk investments, who seek to maximize their returns in the short 
and medium term by diversifying a small portion of their capital, leveraged by the expertise and technical 
knowledge of Alteum's managers and advisors.
 
Do contributors need to go through “Know Your Customer" procedures during Alteum ICO?
Yes, to participate in Alteum ICO, investors need to provide identification documents (investor
KYC​). The platform user interface will provide easy and secure ways to perform KYC well before the first ETO starts. 
Escape hatch and longstop date mechanisms are available for investors that are not willing or not able to perform 
KYC. There is no other unlock mechanism available for such investors. The platform KYC process supports both 
individuals and organizations of virtually any type (natural and legal persons). Right now, and until it changes, US 
Citizens are not allowed to participate in the ICBM. This is due to the complex legality of each country’s approach 
towards cryptocurrencies, so for the moment, all US, Chinese, and Singaporean investors will not be able to 
complete KYC and therefore will be have to be excluded. We recommend 
 



34

Why did we choose to currently run the Alteum Platform on the Ethereum blockchain?
In our opinion, Ethereum is currently the most advanced public blockchain and excels through its high 
programmability. It facilitates the involvement of smart contracts, which offer self-enforceable mechanisms 
enshrined in code. This accommodates the construction of complex applications, so called Decentralized 
Applications (Dapps). Ethereum has thus proved to be a highly valuable and sustainable project to which we 
contribute gladly.
 
Why are 20% of the tokens diluted in favor of Alteum?
These tokens have functions such as providing the fund’s liquidity, that is to facilitate the entry and exit of holders in 
the stipulated times. They will be used in case of contingencies for re-purchases or future financing for the 
expansion of Alteum, which is for the benefit of all token holders.
 
What makes the Alteum platform safe?
Part of the user’s information (i.e. a portion of their digital assets) will be stored in "cold storage wallets", 
repositories that are not online, which significantly reduce the risk of being hacked. In addition to this, users that are 
accessing our Alteum Exchange Platform and our Alteum Alpha Fund Platform will have to go through a Two-Factor 
Authentication (a personal password and Google 2FA.) Once inside the platform, if you want to transfer funds 
externally, you’ll need to confirm via a PIN number and an additional email verification.  In addition to this, of our 
client’s personal information (passwords, private keys, etc.) will be encrypted and stored through our private 
blockchain: KRONOS. 

What is KRONOS?
KRONOS is an ongoing R&D project that seeks to offer our clients the best security possible. As of now,  it is a 
smart-contract living in a private blockchain that keeps all sensitive information encrypted, such as transfer and 
trading data, in addition to keeping all user information encrypted. Access to the private blockchain (e.g. to view 
traders) can be obtained only through our platform by verified ALTEUM Exchange users. 

FAQs



LEGAL DISCLAIMER

35

1. Prospective ICO Participants should inform themselves as to the legal requirements and tax consequences 
within the countries of their citizenship, residence, domicile, and place of business with respect to the 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Tokens, and any foreign exchange restrictions that may be relevant 
thereto. The distribution of this White Paper and the offer and sale of the Tokens in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. This White Paper does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
to any person for whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.
 
2. Alteum is not providing legal, business, financial or tax advice about any matter. You may not legally be 
able to participate in this private, unregistered offering. You should consult with your own attorney, 
accountant and other advisors (including determining whether you may legally participate in this ICO). You 
can contact us with any questions about this ICO or the Tokens.
 
3. It is the responsibility of the parties who wish to acquire Tokens to inform themselves and comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations of their relevant jurisdictions. Potential ICO participants should inquire about 
the legal requirements and the tax consequences within the countries of their citizenship, residence, address, 
and place of work in respect to the acquisition, possession, or disposition of the tokens, and any restrictions 
that may be relevant.
 
4. This Whitepaper constitutes an offer of Tokens only in those jurisdictions and to those persons where and 
to whom they lawfully may be offered for sale. This White Paper does not constitute an offer to subscribe for 
securities except to the extent permitted by the laws of each applicable jurisdiction.
 
5. Nothing in this Whitepaper is intended to create an investment contract into Alteum and each potential 
ICO participant acknowledges that Alteum will rely on this assertion of an ICO participants statements 
regarding compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which the ICO participant is legally domiciled.
 
6. This document should not be construed as an offer or solicitation of an offer for the sale of tokens. The 
parties listed in this document are not and will not sell tokens and have written this document on behalf of 
the legal entity that will be conducting the relevant token sale.
 

RISK WARNING: Investments in currencies and digital assets are subject to a high risk of volatility and losses. 
Please, do your own research and analysis of investment very cautiously.

At Alteum, we will do our best to choose high quality instruments in order to capitalize attractive returns.
 
 



36

Altcoin. "Altcoin" is a combination of two words: "alt" and "coin"; alt is short for alternative and coin signifies 
currency. Thus together they imply a category of cryptocurrency that is alternative to the digital currency 
Bitcoin. Altcoins are the alternative cryptocurrencies launched after the success of Bitcoin. Generally, they 
project themselves as better substitutes to Bitcoin. The success of Bitcoin as the first peer-to-peer digital 
currency paved the way for many to follow. Many altcoins are trying to target any perceived limitations that 
Bitcoin has and come up with newer versions with competitive advantages. There is a great variety of altcoins. 
Read more: Altcoin Definition | Investopedia 
 
Blockchain. A blockchain is a digitized, decentralized, public ledger of all cryptocurrency transactions. 
Constantly growing as ‘completed’ blocks (the most recent transactions) are recorded and added to it in 
chronological order, it allows market participants to keep track of digital currency transactions without central 
recordkeeping. Each node (a computer connected to the network) gets a copy of the blockchain, which is 
downloaded automatically.
Originally developed as the accounting method for the virtual currency Bitcoin, blockchains – which use 
what's known as distributed ledger technology (DLT) – are appearing in a variety of commercial applications 
today. Currently, the technology is primarily used to verify transactions, within digital currencies though it is 
possible to digitize, code and insert practically any document into the blockchain. Doing so creates an 
indelible record that cannot be changed; furthermore, the record’s authenticity can be verified by the entire 
community using the blockchain instead of a single centralized authority.
Read more: Blockchain Definition | Investopedia 
 
Cryptocurrency. A cryptocurrency is a digital or virtual currency that uses cryptography for security. A 
cryptocurrency is difficult to counterfeit because of this security feature. A defining feature of a 
cryptocurrency, and arguably its most endearing allure, is its organic nature; it is not issued by any central 
authority, rendering it theoretically immune to government interference or manipulation. The anonymous 
nature of cryptocurrency transactions makes them well-suited for a host of nefarious activities, such as money 
laundering and tax evasion.
The first cryptocurrency to capture the public imagination was Bitcoin, which was launched in 2009 by an 
individual or group known under the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto. As of September 2015, there were over 
14.6 million bitcoins in circulation with a total market value of $3.4 billion. Bitcoin's success has spawned a 
number of competing cryptocurrencies, such as Litecoin, Namecoin and PPCoin.
Read more: Cryptocurrency Definition | Investopedia 
 
Cryptoeconomics. Cryptoeconomics refers to the combinations of cryptography, computer networks and 
game theory which provide secure systems exhibiting some set of economic dis/incentives.
Cryptography is used to prove properties established in the past, such as account balances, identities and 
ownership.
Digital representations of economic value become possible, accessible to all, assignable, exchangeable and 
immune to censorship, able to be relied upon in the future.
Read more: http://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/Cryptoeconomics
 
 
Digital asset. A digital asset, in essence, is anything that exists in a binary format and comes with the right to 
use. Data that do not possess that right are not considered assets. Digital assets include but are not exclusive 
to: digital documents, audible content, motion picture, and other relevant digital data that are currently in 
circulation or are, or will be stored on digital appliances such as: personal computers, laptops, portable 
media players, tablets, storage devices, telecommunication devices, and any and all apparatuses which are, 
or will be in existence once technology progresses to accommodate for the conception of new modalities 
which would be able to carry digital assets; notwithstanding the proprietorship of the physical device onto 
which the digital asset is located
Read More: The Elder Law Report, Vol. XXV, Number 1

GLOSSARY OF TERMS

https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/altcoin.asp#ixzz58F4sGhvE
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/g/generalledger.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/cryptocurrency.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/transaction.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/block-bitcoin-block.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/bitcoin.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/distributed-ledgers.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/blockchain.asp#ixzz58F5DwuSK
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/moneylaundering.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/moneylaundering.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/taxevasion.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/bitcoin.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/litecoin.asp
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/cryptocurrency.asp#ixzz58F5U4R00
http://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/Cryptoeconomics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_computer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laptop
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tablet_computer


37

Ethereum project. ​Ethereum was initially described in late 2013 and launched its first release, dubbed 
Frontier, in 2015. Ethereum utilized a pre‐sale, making units of the ether currency publicly available for a 
fixed price in Bitcoin, with all of the proceeds going to the Ethereum Foundation.

This is a slower pace of development compared to many altcoins, but it reflects that fact that Ethereum is 
much more complex. In addition to EVM, a new programming model, and new data structures, Ethereum 
made significant changes to Bitcoin’s consensus protocol as well. The block time is targeted at 12 seconds 
instead of 10 minutes. To lessen the impact of stale blocks, which comprise a larger fraction of blocks in 
Ethereum than in Bitcoin, Ethereum uses an alternative protocol called GHOST to compute the consensus 
branch. It also uses a different proof‐of‐work. Currently, it’s a mix of hash functions designed to be memory 
hard, though in the future Ethereum plans to switch to a proof‐of‐stake system. 

 
Frontrunning. In the context of trading, front running is the practice of stepping in front of orders placed or 
about to be placed by others to gain a price advantage. For example, a broker receives an order from a client 
to buy 500,000 shares of XYZ Company. He holds it until he executes the purchase of a smaller order of the 
same stock in his own account. He then executes the client’s larger order, which drives up the share price. 
The broker can then sell his share, making a profit at the direct expense of the client. That form of front 
running is not only unethical, it is illegal.
Read more: Front Running https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/frontrunning.asp#ixzz58F6abEN9 
 

Know Your Customer. One of the essential countermeasures against money laundering is something called 
Know Your Customer laws, sometimes called KYC. The details can be a bit complicated and will depend on 
your locale, but the basic idea is this: Know Your Customer rules require certain kinds of businesses that 
handle money to do three things:

 
Identify and authenticate clients​— get some kind of authentication that clients really are who they claim they 
are and that those claimed identities correspond to some kind of real‐world identity. So a person can't just 
walk in and they’re John Smith from 123 Main Street in AnyTown, USA — they have to provide reliable 
identification documents.

Evaluate risk of client​— determine the risk of a certain client engaging in underground activities. This will be 
based on how the client behaves — how longstanding their business relationship is with the company, how 
well known they are in the community, and various other factors. KYC rules generally require covered 
companies to treat clients whose activities seem riskier with more attention.  

Watch for anomalous behavior​— that is, behavior that seems to be indicative of money laundering or criminal 
activity. KYC will often require a company to cut off business with a client who looks dodgy, or who is unable 
to authenticate themselves or their activities sufficiently for the rule.

 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS

https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/frontrunning.asp#ixzz58F6abEN9
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/frontrunning.asp#ixzz58F6abEN9


GLOSSARY OF TERMS

38

Token. Token money is money whose face value exceeds its cost of production. Most modern coins used in 
circulation are token money, as are paper notes. It is a subsidiary of standard money.  Token money is 
exchanged at a value rate independent from its commodity value. If the money is metallic it is made out of 
inferior metals such as copper and nickel.
Token money gives the holder no claim to legal redemption in terms of some object possessing an intrinsic 
value. As such all money in the whole Western world is token money.With token money, exchanges are not 
considered fully complete because the exchange of value is not equivalent.Value is hoped to be rendered at 
some future time. Examples of this include bills of exchange or negotiable instrument and certificates. 
Financial cryptography enables digital token money deployment of digital currencies such as Bitcoin.
Read more:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Token_money    

Smart Contract Programming Model. The term smart contract was first used to describe the use of computer 
systems (or other automated means) to enforce contracts. As an example, you could think of a vending 
machine as a mechanical smart contract that enforces an agreement between you and the machine’s owner 
involving the purchase of a candy bar.
In Ethereum, a contract is a program that lives on the blockchain. Anybody can create an Ethereum contract, 
for a small fee, by uploading its program code in a special transaction. 

Smart Infrastructure. A smart system that uses a feedback loop of data, which provides evidence for informed 
decision-making. The system can monitor, measure, analyse, communicate and act, based on information 
captured from sensors. Different levels of smart systems exist. A system may:
collect usage and performance data to help future designers to produce the next, more efficient version;
collect data, process them and present information to help a human operator to take decisions (for example, 
traffic systems that detect congestion and inform drivers);
use collected data to take action without human intervention
There are examples of each level of smartness already operating, but the same principles can be applied far 
more widely across interconnected and complex infrastructures. 
Read more: https://www.raeng.org.uk/publications/reports/smart-infrastructure-the-future

 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Credit_theory_of_money
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commodity_value
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intrinsic_theory_of_value
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intrinsic_theory_of_value
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Negotiable_instrument
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Certificate_of_deposit
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_cryptography
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_currency
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Token_money
https://www.raeng.org.uk/publications/reports/smart-infrastructure-the-future


NOTABLE REFERENCES

39

Acemoglu, D., Johnson, S., & Robinson, J. A. (2005). Institutions as a Fundamental Cause of Long-Run 
Growth (Master's thesis, MIT). Handbook of Economic Growth,. Elsevier B.V. doi: 
https://economics.mit.edu/files/4469

Christensen, C. M. (1992). Exploring the Limits of the Technology S-curve. Part I: Component Technologies,. 
Production and Operations Management, 1: 334–357. doi:10.1111/j.1937-5956.1992.tb00001.x

Cryptocurrency Market Capitalizations. (n.d.). Retrieved February 26, 2018, from https://coinmarketcap.com/

Conley, John P.  (2017) ''Blockchain and the Economics of Crypto-tokens and Initial Coin Offerings'', 
Vanderbilt University Department of Economics Working Papers, VUECON-17-00008.

I. (2017, May 19). Latin America and the Caribbean: Bouncing Back from Recession. Retrieved February 26, 
2018, from 
https://www.imf.org/en/News/Articles/2017/05/18/NA190517Latin-America-and-the-Caribbean-Bouncing-Ba
ck-from-Recession

Froyen, R. T. (1990). Macroeconomics: Theories and Policies (3rd ed.). New York City: Macmillan Publishing 
Company.

Katz, L., & Verhage, J. (2017, November 28). Novogratz Says Crypto Will Be 'Biggest Bubble of Our 
Lifetimes'. Retrieved February 26, 2018, from 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-28/novogratz-says-bitcoin-to-win-out-over-other-digital-c
urrencies

Nakamoto, S. (2008). Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System (White Paper, www.bitcoin.org.) doi: 
https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf

Narayanan, A., Bonneau, J., Felten, E., Miller, A., & Goldfeder, S. (2016). Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency 
Technologies: A Comprehensive Introduction. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press.

 

https://economics.mit.edu/files/4469
https://coinmarketcap.com/
https://www.imf.org/en/News/Articles/2017/05/18/NA190517Latin-America-and-the-Caribbean-Bouncing-Back-from-Recession
https://www.imf.org/en/News/Articles/2017/05/18/NA190517Latin-America-and-the-Caribbean-Bouncing-Back-from-Recession
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-28/novogratz-says-bitcoin-to-win-out-over-other-digital-currencies
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-28/novogratz-says-bitcoin-to-win-out-over-other-digital-currencies
http://www.bitcoin.org/
https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf


info@alteum.io

alteum.io

alteum.io @Alteum_t.me/alteum alteum.slack.com@alteum

http://alteum.io
http://t.me/alteum
http://alteum.slack.com

