









































			version	1.1	



1.  Definitions  …...………………………………………………………….. 
2.  Introduction   …………………………………………………………….. 
3.  Market …………………………………………………………………….  
4.  Description ……………………………………………………………….  
5.  Competitive advantages ………………………………………………..  

6.  Marketing ..……………………………………………………………….  
7.  Customer retention  ….………………………………………………….  
8.  Development plan ...……………………………………………….……. 
9.  Global franchise    ...……………………………………………….…….  
10.  Implementing tokens into the service economy ...…………………… 

11.  Scheme of service economy ...………………………………………… 
12.  The ICO structure  ………………………………………………………  
13.  Financial plan …………………………………………………..………. 
14.  Team  ………..……………………………………….………………….. 
15.  Terms and conditions  …………………………….………………….. 

Content

1

2 

3 

5 

7 

11 

12 

14 

15 

16 

17 

19 

20 

22 

26 

30 



Initial Token Offerings  (ITO) is a way of attracting non-equity capital 
through the project's crowdfunding process (including discounted tokens 
usage). The text of the document will use the abbreviation "ICO".
WAVES - a block chain platform for issuing cryptographic tokens and 
carrying out crowdfunding campaigns.

ALTOCAR, product token , is a token that grants the right to receive 
discounts (discounts) for AltoCar service on the terms of this document. The 
token is produced on the WAVES block chain platform.



Definitions

2



There is no argument or doubt of Uber, Gett, Lyft and other services 
success. Capitalization of those services is growing rapidly, but none of 
them have yet started the IPO. If they have had been invested in at the initial 
stage, they could receive a significant income. Uber, Gett are taxi services 
which are ordered through the mobile application. AltoCar goes further, as it 
creates a service of personal drivers at the price of a taxi using not only 
classical forms of payment (fiat), but also tokens. The audience for taxi 
services is huge and constantly growing, which makes this sphere attractive 
for the implementation of tokens into the economy.

For two years of operating in the taxi market of Kazan (Russia), AltoCar 
company has launched and is running: service of drivers by subscription, 
service for corporate clients, service for individuals. AltoCar works quietly 
even with Uber, Gett and other similar services on the market. On the 
contrary, the presence of third-party services helps to promote our product 
to the market, allowing us to have less expenditure on marketing. 

Enlightenment of the audience happens at the competitor’s expense who 
come to the market first and fill it with money. Competing services 
popularize travel orders through mobile applications, experience of non-
cash payment, experience of free trips, etc. That is why our scaling strategy 
is based on launching in cities with the strong presence of competitors.

AltoCar service carried out more than 90 thousand trips, the total length of 
trips has been estimated up to 1.35 million kilometers (data for one city for 
July 2017).

A distinctive feature of the AltoCar service is not only competitive prices, 
high-quality cars, but also drivers who can be added as ‘favorites’ in order 
to keep using their services.



Introduction

3



Our goal is to provide everyone a personal driver at the cost of a taxi.

After the completion of the ICO and the introduction of tokens into the 
service, their usage will begin in the ecosystem of the service. In other 
words, customers, partners and drivers will be able to take full advantage of 
the technology and loyalty program within the service. (See more in the 
section "Implementing Tokens in the Economy of Service")




Introduction

4



The official volume of the Russian taxi market for 2015 was 441 billion rubles 
($ 7.8 billion), and an additional shadowed 44.9 billion rubles ($ 780 million), 
which makes a total of 485.9 billion rubles ($ 8.52 billion).

In the period from 2013-2015, the market volume has grown almost 11 
times and continues to show a rapid growth rate. For the period from 2010 
to 2014, the number of vehicles in the taxi industry has grown by more than 
20%. The share of orders through aggregators in Moscow and St. 
Petersburg is 85%, in cities of over 1 million people it is 30% (as of 2017). 
The market of online orders is growing every year due to the influx of new 
customers and the transition of customers from the classic order over the 
phone to online.

In cities with a population of 1-1.5 million people, the average number of 
trips is 145 thousand per day or 4.35 millions per month (orders by phone, 
via application, or online). Orders through aggregators has a considerable a 
share of 30% (43.7 thousand trips per day or 1.31 million per month). The 
average travel fare is 180 rubles ($ 3.1). The monthly volume of the online 
orders market in the city with the population not less than a million people is 
235.8 million rubles ($ 4.1 million), which makes it annually 2.82 billion rubles 
($ 49.6 million).

18 months after raising funds for the ICO, AltoCar plans to take up to 10% 
of the online orders market in the cities where it is going to be launched. 

Market

5



When AltoCar takes up 10% of the market, the service will go to the 
following (calculation for one million-population city):

4.3 thousand trips per day, 
130 thousand trips per month, 
1.5 million trips per year.

The monthly turnover will be 23.4 million rubles ($ 411.4 thousand), income - 
$ 57.3 thousand.

The annual turnover of 281.4 million rubles ($ 4.9 million), income - 39.4 
million rubles ($ 690 thousand)

When AltoCar takes 10% of the market (calculation for 13 million-
population cities):

The monthly turnover is estimated at 304.8 million rubles ($ 5.3 million), the 
income 42.6 million rubles ($ 750 thousand).

The annual turnover of 3.6 billion rubles ($ 64.2 million), the income 500 
million rubles ($ 8.7 million)

All of the above data are calculated based on AltoCar's own statistical data, 
as well as data on the market research of the analytical center under the 
government of the Russian Federation:
http://ac.gov.ru/files/content/8176/issledovanie-ac-taksi-pdf.pdf


Market - AltoCar

6



AltoCar service connects passengers and drivers. The main feature is the 
ability to add drivers to the ‘Favorites’, and to use only their services in the 
future. The service operates in the B2C and B2B segments.



Description

7

AltoCar Mobile app



Features for b2c-segment:


•  Quickly call the car with the driver 
through the mobile application.

•  Plan trips, getting the drivers you 
are accustomed to.

•  Track the location of the called 
driver on the map.

•  Add favorite drivers to ‘Favorites’.

•  Share trusted drivers with friends 
and family.

•  Pay for the trip with a bank card, 
bonus points.





Description – B2C

8



Features for b2b-segment:

•  All the advantages listed at b2c segment
•  Reduction of transport costs by up to 60%
•  100% guarantee for a car with a driver
•  Orders through the personal account
•  Monitoring the movement of employees (GPS tracking of each order in 

real time and in the recording)
•  Control of travel expenses
•  Setting up travel schedules
•  Setting travel limits for employees and departments
•  Travel orders via voice robot
•  Payment of invoice services
•  Receipt of accounting documents
•  At the moment, the service operates in Kazan (Republic of Tatarstan, 

Russia).



Description – B2B

9



At the moment, the service operates in Kazan (Republic of Tatarstan, 
Russia).

The web-site address is altocar.ru.

Statistics of AltoCar as of June 2017:


•  A platform for the service has been created and is operating (backend, 
mobile applications for drivers and customers)

•  The service has more than 90 000 trips
•  The total distance travelled is estimated at 1.35 million kilometers.
•  8000 employees of organizations and individuals
•  B2B-segment: 100+ organizations of Kazan: banks, well-known retail 

companies, construction and oil companies and many others.
•  5000+ drivers in the service database 
•  Total revenue of $ 500,000 (28 million rubles)
•  Annual revenue of $ 280,000 (15.5 million rubles) per year
•  Rate of return: 14%


AltoCar is a ready scalable project.





Description - statistics 

10




•  We offer comfort class vehicles, but at a price of 30-40% less than 

competitors.

•  Drivers are interested in delivering a high quality service, because each 
of their new customers can become permanent.

•  Drivers, unlike other services, are allowed to collect their customer 
database.

•  The customer can add drivers to the ‘Favorites’.

•  For b2b-segments: 100% guarantee of the implementation of all orders, 

multifunctional office to monitor employees and their movements, 
ensures orders in airports, train and bus stations, with one single fare 
and no added extra charges (such as a luggage surcharge).






Competitive advantages

11



Initial attraction:

•  Advertising in social networks (the best channel for B2C is instagram),
•  Articles on portals
•  Vacancy announcements (to attract drivers)
•  TV
•  Radio
•  PR actions
•  Sales department (for B2B)

After the initial attraction of clients, a referral program starts to operate, 
which enhances the effect of advertising in a geometric progression.

Referral program for clients:

Customers can send their invitation code to friends. A friend entering the 
code receives 150 rubles ($ 2.6) for the first trip. When a friend makes the 
first trip, the owner of the invitation code receives 150 rubles ($ 2.6). The 
number of invited friends is unlimited. The ones who invites many friends 
into the service will be able to make free trips.

Referral program for drivers:

Partners (vehicle fleet owners) are paid 1000 rubles ($ 17.54) for each driver 
connected.

1000 rubles ($ 17.54) is given to drivers who invite other drivers to the 
service.

Conditions of reception: the connected driver must perform at least 50 
trips.


Marketing

12



Drivers can invite customers by their invitation code and get 50 rubles ($ 0.9) 
for each traveller.

The client, invited by the driver, gets 150 rubles ($ 2.6) for the first trip. The 
driver-owner of the code falls into the ‘Favorites’ list of the client.

The drivers are given daily bonuses to achieve certain KPIs:

● For 15 completed orders – 700 rubles ($ 12.3)
● For 18 completed orders – 1000 rubles ($ 17.5)

Referral programs had been tested and work properly.



Marketing

13



For the trips the service is provided only by foreign cars. Other aggregators 
use any cars in the economy class. We provide comfort class at the price of 
economy.

Each driver should pass a training interview. Cars undergo a daily photo-
control. Drivers receive instructions and work rules, which describe how to 
behave with the client in different situations (Rules for the provision of 
services - http://altocar.ru/terms/transport-rules/).

Constant monitoring of compliance with these rules is carried out. If the 
driver violates the rules he/she will receive a fine, or will be disconnected 
from the service (Regulations on penalties - http://altocar.ru/terms/transport-
fines/).

An important part of the service for the driver: every new customer can 
become permanent. If the driver is polite for example, the customer can add 
them to the ‘Favorites’.

Each client can add him/herself any number of personal drivers (1-100 and 
more). When a trip is planned, the client receives a driver whom he liked. In 
fact, for the client, AltoCar becomes a personal driver service.

Customer retention

14



With the help of raised funds on the ICO, we plan to implement the service 
in 13 million-population cities of Russia in 18 months. The implementation of 
the service in Moscow and St. Petersburg is planned on the second stage of 
the service expansion plan.

Why can we launch 13 millionaire cities in 18 months?

•  We have worked out an effective scheme for quickly attracting 

customers through trusted channels.
•  There is a well-developed scheme for attracting and motivating drivers
•  We have a general partner who operates in 11 cities of Russia and 

provides us and other services with drivers. With this partner we have 
been cooperating for 2 years in Kazan. He is ready to work with us in 
other cities as well.

•  We have developed AltoCar platform, which allows you to set up work in 
another city in within 1 day (only the platform, then you need marketing, 
etc.).


After the launch in all million-population cities of Russia, we plan to enter 
cities with less than million-population and in parallel enter Moscow and St. 
Petersburg markets, and plan the expansion into international markets.

In addition, to the independent launch of the service in different cities of 
Russia, we plan to launch a global franchise.

Development plan

15



After the completion of the ICO, it is planned to launch the franchise of the 
service and its promotion all around the world. The franchise will be sold to 
any country, to any city in the world. Packing the franchise will take 2 
months after the ICO, in parallel, pre-orders for it will be accepted.

The franchise can be purchased only for ALTOCAR tokens. Payment of 
royalty franchisees will be made only in ALTOCAR tokens. This will erase the 
borders between countries - it will not be necessary to conduct procedures 
with banks, currency transactions, etc. Royalty from the Franchise will be 
paid instantly.

Franchisees will provide services to customers (transportation), pay drivers 
on a dual model - in ALTOCAR tokens and in a currency.
Also, customers and service drivers will receive bonuses in ALTOCAR 
tokens after performing certain actions (reaching KPI, viewing advertising on 
trips, etc.).

Thanks to all the above, the service will receive explosive growth, the 
turnover of tokens will grow many times. As a result, a huge community of 
people using ALTOCAR tokens in everyday life will be formed.

Conditions for acquiring a franchise

Lump-sum payment (one-time payment). The amount of the lump-sum 
contribution is calculated by the formula: (1000 people population * $ 16.5) = 
the amount of the lump-sum contribution. The minimum contribution is $ 
2,000 (up to 100,000 of the city's population). The fee will be paid in 
ALTOCAR tokens.
 
Royalty (remuneration) - 20% of the income of the Franchisee in the token 
equivalent of ALTOCAR.

80% of the revenue share of Franchisees

Note: the conditions for acquiring a franchise will be calculated based on 
the economic performance of countries.

Global franchise 

16



After the implementation of tokens into the Service ecosystem, the usage of 
ALTOCAR tokens will start in travel calculations, travel discounts, promotion 
of partners and drivers and their main counterparties.

The use of tokens in the service ecosystem will begin no later than 4 months 
after the completion of the ICO. 

How will the token participate in the economy of the service and its 
ecosystem?

•  Customers will be able to travel for tokens
•  When traveling for tokens, customers will be able to get a discount for 

the trip (up to 30%)
•  Customers will be able to view advertising during the trip (optional) 

earning additional tokens, which they can then use for travel
•  The company will encourage drivers tokens for excellent performance
•  Drivers will be able to save a certain percentage of daily earnings for the 

purchase of tokens through the driver application
•  Drivers who own tokens will receive priorities for larger orders
•  Through our gateway, drivers will be able to exchange tokens for petrol, 

car wash services, car repairs, tire shops, food and much more


The implementation of tokens into the Service economy

17



Bonuses for ALTOCAR tokens holders:

•  500 tokens owner gets 10 free trips per month
•  750 tokens owner gets 15 free trips per month
•  1000 or more tokens owner gets 20 free trips per month

Limitation for each trip: travelling distance is no longer than 10 km, in 
time – no more than 20 minutes.
Note: The trips that were not used in the past month are burned. 

The implementation of tokens into the Service economy

18



The economy of the service works together on tokens and a fiat 
currency.

Scheme of service economy

19

Tokens	-	sale	/	purchase	/	calcula3on	of	tokens	
Bonus	tokens	-	receiving	tokens	for	achieving	KPI	
	
Fiat	-	calcula3on	in	fiat	
Free	trips	-	for	token	holders	



ALTOCAR tokens

Tokens will be used to get free trips, significant discounts on trips. For 
drivers and partners, tokens will be included in the bonus program. After 
the ICO, the tokens could be bought or sold on the DEX and TIDEX stock 
exchanges. Also, in the future, tokens are planned to be placed on other 
stock exchanges as well. 

Tokens will be implemented in two stages: PRESALE, ICO.

Total number of tokens:

32 million ALTOCAR tokens are issued.

Starting course:

1 ALTOCAR token has a value equivalent to $1.


STAGE 1: PRESALE

The period: from July, 10, 2017 (10:00 Moscow time) till August, 10, 2017 
(10:00 MSK).

Purpose: raise funds for marketing ICO.
The number of tokens to be sold is 300,000.

Bonus for the purchased tokens:

•  The first week – 45%.
•  The second week – 40%.
•  The third week – 35%.
•  Fourth week – 30%.



The ICO Structure

20



STAGE 2: ICO

The period: from October, 10, 2017 09:00 AM UTC, till November, 10, 
2017 09:00 AM UTC.

Token distribution:

•  21.76 million tokens (68%) are released in free sale (minus realized 

during PRESALE).
•  640 thousand tokens (2%) are reserved under the bounty (rewards for 

helping to promote the ICO)
•  9.6 million tokens (30%) remain for input into the domestic economy 

and the founders.

Bonus for the purchased tokens:

•  During the first week – 25%.
•  During the second week – 20%.
•  The third week – 15%.
•  Fourth week – 10%

ATTENTION!
If the soft cap is not reached, the invested funds will be returned to the 
participants of the Crowdsale, in the currency in which the investment was 
made. Tokens not realized at the time of crowdsale will be burned.

Transfer of tokens:
On the WAVES platform, it is impossible to prohibit the presence of tokens 
on the DEX exchange during PRESALE and ICO, so the output of the 
tokens will be available in the personal account (dashboard.altocar-
ico.com) in 7 (seven) calendar days after the completion of the ICO. To 
output ALTOCAR tokens, tokens holder needs to create a wallet on the 
WAVES platform.

The ICO Structure

21



Our calculations, based on testing the hypothesis for the B2C and B2B 
segments, shows that $10 million is required to reach 10% of the online 
orders market in one million-population city.

The main amount of expenses will go to direct attraction of clients and 
drivers through a referral program and subsidies.

All calculations are made for one million-population city.
The calculations rate is 1USD = 57 RUR.

Unit-economy of service

Financial plan

22

Index  RUR USD

The cost of attracting 1 paying client 930 16,6

The average fare of 1 order 180 3,2

Average number of trips per month for 1 person 18

Average income from 1 trip 25 0,43

Payback period of 1 paying client 2,5 месяца

Income from 1 paying customer per year 2600 45,6

The cost of attracting 1 active driver 1000 17,5

Average number of trips performed by an active 
driver per day

17

Payback period for 1 active driver 5 days



Statistics of orders in the service after 18 months

Financial plan

23

Index Amount

Number of completed trips 1 344 750

including promo-trips (free, on the referral 
program)

154 027

including paid trips 1 190 722

Calculation of the financial plan for 18 months, until the beginning of 
the repurchase.

Item of expenditures  RUR USD

Marketing (advertising, referral program for 
clients)

41 547 150  728 897 

Subsidies to drivers 15 000 000  263 158

Office expenses 1 150 000  20 175

Wage fund (7 employees in-house) 10 000 000 175 439

Servicing and Servicing Servers  1 150 000  20 175 

Other  900 000  15 789

Total expenses  69 747 150  1 223 634 



Financial plan

24

Turnover / income for the period  RUR USD

Revenue 242 055 000  4 246 579

Income from activities 29 549 437  518 411

Monthly income after 18 months  3 267 000 57 316 



AltoCar company is the resident of the ‘IT Park’ Technology park, Kazan. 
The company is the member of the IT-cluster of the Republic of Tatarstan, 
Russia. The company has 4 years experience in the development and 
promotion of taxi aggregators, the total experience in business is 20 years. 
The team has the experience of successful sales of businesses in IT and 
finance.

http://itpark-kazan.ru 
http://www.kamaklaster.ru/cluster/12/object/110/

Team

25

Alexander Bobylev
CEO, Founder

10 years in the software and web development 
businesses. Experience of successful exit from 
business. Took the following courses: Start In 
Garage (from the ABRT Foundation (Nikolai 
Mityushin), a master class from Bob Dorf (Customer 
Development), the Business Incubator of IT Park, 
Kazan. Fully developed the first version of Backend 
of TaxiNado and AltoCar services. Experienced 
developer of high-load systems. Developed all 
versions of the AltoCar client application. Has 
engaged in attracting the first investments into the 
service. Has the following competences: sales, 
negotiations with investors, marketing, design, 
organization of the development process, 
prototyping.



Team

26

Viktor Neeshapa
СVO, Founder

7 years in the software and web development 
businesses. Has an experience of successful exit 
from businesses. Took the following courses: Start 
In Garage (from the ABRT Foundation (Nikolay 
Mityushin), a master class from Bob Dorf (Customer 
Development), the Business Incubator of the IT Park, 
Kazan. 

Has the following competencies: sales, work with 
clients, prototyping, negotiations with investors.

Alexander Lyashenko
Drivers Manager, Founder

President of the AltoCar drivers' club. 2 years of 
work in the ‘TaxiNado’ start-up as a ‘Driver’s 
manager’ and ‘Technical support for drivers’. In the 
past was engaged in the organization of a biker club 
in the Far East. 

Has the following competencies: Closed club 
organization, customer support, driver support.



Team

27

Igor Kalmykov
CTO, Founder, backend-developer

Igor was engaged in the development of large projects 
for the web and mobile. Has extensive experience in 
the development of high-loaded systems. The author 
of many systems and modules in the AltoCar software 
complex. Experienced in developing backend for 10 
years. Experienced in managing the development 
team for 5 years.

Vladimir Baksheev
Android-developer


Experience in developing mobile applications for 7 
years. Was a software developer for Y Combinator 
startups (ycombinator.com).

Vasiliy Pereselkov
General partner

The founder of a group of company-partners of taxi-
aggregators ‘Yulavto’ LLC.
Has representative offices in 11 cities of Russia, is 
the ‘Gold Partner’ of AltoCar, Gett, Uber, 
Yandex.Taxi




Team

28

Rustem Yunusov
Community manager (EN)

International communications expert. International 
Affairs manager at IT Park. Participated in launching 
Open Stack, web and media projects internationally.

Marat Kadyrov
Financial Adviser

More than 20 years of experience on the Russian 
financial markets. He was engaged in issues of 
strategic planning, financial management and 
project management in the electricity, industry and 
construction (Tatenergo, KZSK, Tatstroy). Carried out 
financial planning and risk management in banks 
and financial holdings (EBRD and SME Bank 
investments). He worked as the head of the project 
office of Sberbank OJSC of Russia in the Republic 
of Tatarstan. Expert of the RVC on Project Financing 
of Venture and Social Entrepreneurship. Founder of 
the Fintechstartup 'Fixer of risks’ (fiksrisk.ru). 



Team

29

Rustam Davletbaev
Adviser

The expert economist, a member of the Eurasian 
Economic Club of Scientists, the author of the well-
known Russian economic experiment in the village of 
Shaimuratovo (Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia) – 
‘Shaimuratiki commodity coupons’, participant of the 
R&D (NTI) foresight fleet. Member of the working 
group FinNet R&D ASI. Currently works at Innopolis 
University.

Dinar Shakirzyanov
Adviser

A consultant to solve the whole complex of tasks 
related to the processes of investing in the digital 
economy, including the preparation and audit 
expertise of both ICO and traded digital assets. The 
founder of IT companies, such as agro.ai, 
aidainvest.ru, agrarium-invest.ru




This document is intended for information purposes only and is not an 
offer or call to sell shares or securities of the AltoCar service or any other 
related or associated company.

Owning ALTOCAR tokens does not grant its holder the right of ownership 
or the right to property in AltoCar or any other related company. While the 
community's opinion and feedback can be taken into account, AltoCar's 
tokens do not give any right to participate in decision-making or any 
direction of business development related to the AltoCar service. 
ALTOCAR tokens can be used to receive discounts, or bonuses in the 
service.

All examples of income and profit calculations used in this paper were 
provided only for demonstrative purposes or for demonstrating the 
industry's averages and do not guarantee that these results will be 
achieved, according to the marketing


ALTOCAR tokens are released on the WAVES platform. In this regard, any 
malfunction or malfunction of the WAVES protocol may result in the 
ALTOCAR tokens trading network operating in an unforeseen manner.

Technologies related to block chain are the subject to supervision and 
control by various regulatory bodies around the world. ALTOCAR tokens 
may fall under one or more requests or actions on their part, including but 
not limited to imposing restrictions on the use or possession of digital 
tokens such as ALTOCAR that may slow or limit functionality, or 
repurchase of ALTOCAR tokens in the future.

Terms and Conditions

30



ALTOCAR tokens are not some kind of official or legally binding 
investment. Due to unforeseen circumstances, the objectives set forth in 
this document may be amended. Despite the fact that we intend to reach 
all the points described in this document, all persons and parties involved 
in the purchase of ALTOCAR tokens do so at their own risk.

Technical innovations like the development of quantum computers can 
pose a danger to crypto-currencies, including ALTOCAR tokens.

Although ALTOCAR tokens should not be considered an investment, they 
can gain value over time, and their value may fall.

Funds from the collection of funds are not insured. In case of loss or loss 
of value, there is no private or public insurance representative, to which 
the buyer can apply.

For possible different reasons, including without limitation, the insolvency 
of business agreements or marketing strategies, the AltoCar service and 
all subsequent marketing actions regarding the collected funds in this 
fundraising may not succeed.

ALTOCAR tokens are a fairly new and relatively untested technology. In 
addition to the risks mentioned in this document, there are additional risks 
that the AltoCar service team can not foresee. These risks can materialize 
in other forms of risk than those specified here.

Terms and Conditions

31



DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE OF ALTOCAR 
TOKENS IS EXCLUDED ONLY TO YOUR OWN RISK, AND YOU DECLINE 
ALL LIABILITY FROM ALTOCAR. SINCE THE ICO COMPLETED ALTOCAR 
TOKENS WILL BE SENT TO YOU WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITHOUT VIOLATION 
OF ANY PURPOSE OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. BECAUSE SOME 
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, THE ABOVE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES MAY 
NOT APPLY TO YOU.

PROHIBITION FOR RESIDENTS AND CITIZENS U.S.

ALTOCAR TOKENS ARE NOT PROPOSED AND DO NOT DISTRIBUTE TO 
RESIDENTS AND CITIZENS OF U.S. AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES

PROHIBITION FOR RESIDENTS AND CITIZENS SINGAPORE

ALTOCAR TOKENS ARE NOT PROPOSED AND DO NOT DISTRIBUTE TO 
RESIDENTS AND CITIZENS OF SINGAPORE  AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES

PROHIBITION FOR RESIDENTS AND CITIZENS CHINA

ALTOCAR TOKENS ARE NOT PROPOSED AND DO NOT DISTRIBUTE TO 
RESIDENTS AND CITIZENS OF CHINA AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES

PROHIBITION FOR RESIDENTS AND CITIZENS SOUTH KOREA

ALTOCAR TOKENS ARE NOT PROPOSED AND DO NOT DISTRIBUTE TO 
RESIDENTS AND CITIZENS OF SOUTH KOREA AND ITS 
REPRESENTATIVES


Terms and Conditions

32


