

















































AMLT
THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE

White Paper

October 2017

1



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Abstract

Consisting of experienced professionals from compliance, AML1, virtual cur-

rency2, blockchain and tech ecosystems, the Coinfirm team came together in

2015 under the vision to bring a new level of transparency and efficiency that

serves the entire blockchain ecosystem, spreads its benefits into the traditional

economy and enables the mass market to use it safely. Out of that vision the

Global Standard that is the Coinfirm AML/CTF3 Platform (also referred to as

the ’Platform’) was built.

Now, Coinfirm is taking the next step in bringing effective AML/CTF com-

pliance and allowing for the transparency and democratization of the financial

system by actively involving market participants with AMLT.

AMLT used in the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform is the missing puzzle to bring

virtual currencies into the mainstream in a safe, secure and compliant way. It

helps exchanges, payments processors, financial institutions and all players in

the financial system to manage the regulatory risk related to blockchain value

transfer. It allows network members to provide information, rate other market

participants and democratically help determine the related risk to entities and

counterparties using virtual currencies.

AML/CTF is connected with risk management, not just simply strict laws, rules

and regulations to follow. There is also a degree of internal assessment needed

by obliged companies to build a correct risk management model. AMLT helps

with compliance in an innovative way while by engaging and providing beneficial

participation to the users of virtual currencies.

Coinfirm works with world-class partners and clients ranging from major virtual

1Anti-Money Laundering
2Also called: cryptocurrency, digital currency, etc.
3Counter-Terrorism Financing

2



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

currency players such as Dash 4 and RSK 5, to leading financial institutions such

as SEI 6. Being a key link in bringing virtual currencies and blockchain to the

mass market and a wider range of organizations, Coinfirm and AMLT is helping

ensure transparency and safety within the ecosystem, and allowing it to grow

by solving one of the largest needs, effective compliance and AML procedures.

Disclosures

• Nothing in this paper should be constructed as an investment opportunity.

• AMLT is not available in prohibited jurisdictions, please refer to Terms

and Conditions relating to Token Sale.

• This paper is for informational purposes only and is not a statements of

future event.

• The smart contract is owned by AMLT Limited, a company established

in Gibraltar with company number: 116373.

• The AMLT token sale does not constitute an offer of securities or a pro-

motion, invitation or solicitation for investment purposes.

• The terms of the contribution are therefore not intended to be a financial

services offering document or a prospectus.

• The token offering involves and relates to the development and use of

experimental software and technologies that may not come to fruition or

achieve the objectives specified in the white paper.

• The purchase of tokens represents a high risk to any contributor.
4https://www.dash.org/news/dash-adds-full-support-for-amlkyc-compliance-with-

coinfirm/

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/interview-dash-and-coinfirm-on-digital-currency-

compliance-partnership-cm690524
5http://www.rsk.co/
6https://www.ftadviser.com/platforms/2017/09/20/sei-explores-blockchain-for-platform/

3



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

• Tokens do not represent equity, shares, units, royalties or rights to capital,

profit or income in the network or software or in the entity that issues

tokens or any other company or intellectual property associated with the

network or any other public or private enterprise, corporation, foundation

or other entity in any jurisdiction.

• The purchaser understands the Tokens are solely rights to access and

purchase products on the Platform.

• The purchaser confirms that he or she engages or expects to engage in a

meaningful number of cryptocurrency transactions, such as e-commerce

businesses, token exchanges or traditional financial institutions, and will

use the Tokens on the Platform.

• The Tokens do not have any attribute that provides the holder with equity,

creditor or similar rights and should not be considered investments of any

type.

• The purchasers should not expect profits of any type from acquiring To-

kens.

• No person is entitled to rely on the content of this paper or any inferences

drawn from it, including in relation to any interactions with Coinfirm

Limited.

• The information contained in this publication is derived from data ob-

tained from sources believed by Coinfirm to be reliable and given in the

good faith, but no warranties or guarantees, representations are made by

Coinfirm with regard to the accuracy, completeness or suitability of the

information presented. It should not be relied upon, and shall not confer

rights or remedies upon, you or any of your employees, creditors, holders

of securities or other equity holders or any other person.

• Any opinions expressed reflect the current judgment of the authors of this

paper and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Coinfirm Limited.

4



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

• Neither Coinfirm nor its advisors has independently verified any of the

information, including any forecasts, prospects and projections contained

in this paper.

• Each recipient is to rely solely on its own knowledge, investigation, judge-

ment and assessment of the matters which are the subject of this paper

and any information provided

• Any plans, projections or forecasts mentioned in this paper may not be

achieved due to the multiple risk factors including without limitation de-

fects in technology, developments, legal or regulatory exposure or negative

changes, market or sector volatility, corporate actions or the unavailability

of complete or accurate information.

5



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Contents

1 AMLT and blockchain Ecosystem 8

2 Vision and Mission of Coinfirm 16

3 Value proposition 16

4 Introduction 18

5 An Inefficient and Troubled Market 18

6 A New Deal – Global Standard for AML/CTF Compliance for

blockchain based transactions 24

6.1 Blockchain - the solution for efficient and effective AML/CTF . . 25

6.2 The AML/CTF market and implication of blockchain . . . . . . 27

6.3 Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform and AMLT . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28

6.4 Coinfirm Risk Score – C-Score . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33

6.5 Business Overview of Coinfirm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36

7 AMLT – fuel for the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform and the

transparent ecosystem 39

7.1 Tokens Distribution during Crowd Sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40

7.2 Token Crowd Sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41

7.3 Becoming a Network Member . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42

6



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

7.4 AMLT for User Applications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43

7.5 AMLT for data collection application . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46

8 Roadmap 47

9 Business Landscape 48

9.1 Competition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48

9.2 AMLT Advantage Matrix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49

10 The people behind it 52

10.1 Founders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52

10.2 Advisors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53

10.3 Key Team Members . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54

11 AMLT - setting the high standard 54

7



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

1 AMLT and blockchain Ecosystem

Challenge

The over 100 Billion USD market of virtual currencies has a problem with ac-

cess to the mass commercial market and traditional banking and struggles with

regulatory compliance.

As studies 7 and industry leaders 8 have shown, effectively addressing Regula-

tory Compliance and especially Anti Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist

Financing (AML/CTF) for blockchain and virtual currencies has been a mas-

sive roadblock and the missing link to the traditional commercial and financial

sector and their overall mass adoption.

Countering Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing is not only a legal obliga-

tion but also a moral one. Without prevention and control mechanisms on trans-

actions money flows directly to illegal business, drug dealers, human traffickers,

terrorists or weapon traders and puts the entire market and its participants at

risk. Hence the companies dealing with exchange of value via blockchain should

ensure that they are not either knowingly or unknowingly exposed to, party to

or facilitating such high risk transfers or counterparties. The lack of such basic

risk management may pose a breach of rules for the companies involved.

Blockchain is a peer-to-peer system and with all of its benefits it also brings

some risks such as counterparty risk that is currently mainly mitigated via in-

termediaries in the traditional economy such as banks or payment transmitters.

Even when you are accepting virtual currencies in your online book-store for

example, the funds may come from unknown sources. Potentially sources that

7https://www.theatlas.com/charts/ryUAwgSle
8https://blog.coinbase.com/building-the-bridge-why-compliance-is-key-to-digital-

currencys-success-7bfdd88a084c

8



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

you don’t want to be exposed to and that could put you and your clients or

partners at risk. Furthermore, you may know the party you’re dealing with

very well, but knowingly or not some of their blockchain assets could come from

people who obtained them from illegal sources which in the end makes you

associated too.

The proper application and execution of AML/CTF rules and regulations is a

worldwide challenge that is yet to be solved. The current estimates indicate in

the traditional system AML enforcement fails 99.9% of the time and less than

1% of global illicit financial flows are seized and forfeited 9. The procedures are

fairly arbitrary and rather general than specific, i.e. considering all transfers

from some countries as high risk which helps contribute to the issue of financial

exclusion.

The application and execution of AML/CTF procedures is even more important

for virtual currency businesses. It is a growing burden that is limiting the speed

and scale of market growth. Operating in this new dynamic space requires

the application of the same standards as banks and other financial institutions.

However, we believe that contrary to the banking system though, the process for

virtual currencies can be largely driven by effective data and be fairly democratic

as all participants of the ecosystem could deliver input and participate. Thanks

to that it could be way more accurate, effective and less arbitrary than the

traditional systems. Therefore, it could not only allow for more transparency

and efficiency but also open up the financial market to more participants and

promote real financial inclusion.

9http://thehill.com/blogs/congress-blog/judicial/292479-in-fight-against-money-

laundering-and-terror-finance-the-emperor

9



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Environment

Virtual currency acceptance is continuously increasing, while banks and financial

regulators are still unprepared.

The market of virtual currencies has grown tremendously in recent years, not

only in terms of value but also in terms of services offered and entities involved.

Banks and financial institutions are not able to properly provide services to

these businesses because they are not able to determine and manage the risk

related to companies operating in this space. As banks do not have efficient

and effective tools and processes to determine this risk they also can’t provide

banking services to clients that are accepting virtual currencies. For example,

Japan has over 300,000 businesses 10accepting cryptocurrencies. You can also

officially pay some government fees in Switzerland, catch a cab in Amsterdam

or shop with major retailers like Overstock.com using bitcoin, just to name a

few cases. Even leading payment processors all over the world like Adyen are

accepting virtual currencies11. Yet, the inability to properly determine the risk

blocks the ability for traditional commercial players from being able to safely

accept, adopt and benefit from virtual currencies and blockchain.

There are new entrants on the market that are interested in virtual currencies

and bearing similar risks without proper tools:

• Virtual currency exchanges and payment processors

• Hedge funds

• Large companies that want to improve cash management

• International transfer entities (financial institutions)

• Internal Blockchains/Virtual Currencies for large groups
10https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/bitcoin-accepted-300000-japanese-stores-2017/
11http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/10/27/adyen-brings-global-payments-1-7-million-etsy-

sellers/

10



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Market size

Costs of non-compliance and lost opportunity estimation.

For those that are following compliance and regulatory standards, the costs of

AML/CTF compliance is high and will continue to increase as current solutions

and processes are not only ineffective but inefficient and still manual in a lot

of ways. Financial institutions already spend double digit percentages of their

labor towards compliance while virtual currency companies are spending even

more 12.

The cost of the compliance for virtual currency businesses can increase over 50%

of its total time and labor costs when taking systems, reports, training, manual

processes etc. into consideration. Costs of ‘non-compliance’ are even higher 13.

Not only does it limit the ability to be commercially adoptable across the wider

market but may also result in the closing of the business, paying fines or even

potential legal ramifications for the business owners. Recent examples show

that non-compliant businesses can be shut down regardless where they operate

and the individuals behind them can be chased around the world.

The risk isn’t only limited to payments on blockchain. Smart contracts or

blockchains designed to exchange value can also be taken advantage of for money

laundering or terrorist financing purposes and similarly require proper assess-

ment. This risk will be increasing especially for Initial Coin Offerings, Token

Crowd Sales, or new models that are yet to be defined.

Blockchain provides a unique opportunity to totally redefine and correctly con-

duct AML/CTF compliance. However, the solution must be a global platform

that solves these problems for the entire ecosystem in a new, effective and effi-

cient way. The solution must grow with and represent the democratized network

12https://risk.thomsonreuters.com/en/resources/special-report/cost-compliance-2017.html
13http://www.fatf-gafi.org/media/fatf/documents/reports/Guidance-RBA-Virtual-

Currencies.pdf

11



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

it creates and become the ‘back bone’ for the ecosystem, running unnoticeably

and smoothly in the background.14 It also must democratize strict rules by

being able to show other aspects of transactions and entities – not only hard,

regulatory AML/CTF assessments but also more subjective information.

Solution

The Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform - A Global Standard.

A solution is needed for virtual currency businesses and traditional businesses

that accept virtual currencies or simply want to have exposure to it. At the end

of the day, any entity touching virtual currencies or operating with them needs

to apply AML/CTF compliance rules to protect themselves, their partners and

their clients from potential risks and to allow for its commercial growth.

Any firm that has a commercial relationship with virtual currency companies

also need to understand such risk. Businesses intelligence companies such as

Thompson Reuters cannot ignore information about what they have in their

portfolio.

Any market as large as the virtual currency market and entities operating within

it need, analytics and an AML/CTF compliance solution for legal, commercial

and moral reasons. The market is global and it is growing rapidly and is no

longer ignored by big business, financial institutions, criminals, regulators and

financial investigation units.

The solution is here. A global platform that solves these problems for the entire

ecosystem in a new, effective and efficient way, that grows with the network it

creates and becomes the ‘back bone’ for the ecosystem while running unnotice-

ably in the background. The entire ecosystem now has a simple and straight

14https://blog.coinfirm.io/post/when-a-regulator-knocks-managing-virtual-currency-and-

financial-crime-risk-in-the-regulated-sector

12



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

forward solution that helps with the compliance for the most sensitive aspect of

its businesses.

Coinfirm’s AML/CTF Platform15 has been solving these issues in an innovative

way, with actionable structured data that increases efficiency, reduces costs

and streamlines compliance near to automation, bringing the ability for mass

adoption and redefining AML compliance overall.

Coinfirm’s goal is to make AML rules a reality and to build the global standard

for AML/CTF for blockchain applications. The foundation for this standard

has been set by the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform (‘Platform’). At the mo-

ment of creating this document the blockchain agnostic Platform serves three

main blockchains: Bitcoin, Dash and Ethereum, and is currently in the

process of integrating other popular blockchains both public and private. Due

to the blockchain agnosticism of the Platform, the majority of public and pri-

vate blockchains can be integrated into the Platform within 30 days. Now we’re

taking the next step in further advancing the virtual currency and blockchain

ecosystem and Coinfirm’s transparent and democratized global network with

AMLT.

A missing element that will push the new global ecosystem’s efficiency and

transparency forward is a dedicated token that streamlines processes within

and delivers benefits and rewards for its participants. The method for Coin-

firm AML/CTF Platform is the token representing the global standard for

AML/CTF compliant commercial blockchain transactions, that the blockchain

asset for Coinfirm’s collaborative network, AMLT (ACCESS RIGHTS) will

be implemented into an already vibrant living network of players, providing

a strong foundation with commercial adoption and use.

15www.coinfirm.io

13



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Coinfirm - Select technical metrics and implementations

Metrics Data

Number of Queries 100 reports per second

Size of Data Set 3 TB of SQL tables, 500 GB of graph

data, 250GB of raw blockchain

Number of Scenarios of Assessment 186

Average Time to Generate Report 10s

Key Currencies Serviced Bitcoin, Dash, Ethereum; ERC20

and ERC223 Tokens

Team

Coinfirm’s team consists of professionals and entrepreneurs with vast business

and compliance experience, supported by great tech and blockchain specialists.

Founders

• Pawe l Kuskowski: Co-Founder and CEO

• Pawe l Aleksander: Co-Founder and CIO

• Grant Blaisdell: Co-Founder and CMO

• Jakub Fijo lek: Co-Founder and CTO

• Maciej Zió lkowski: Co-Founder

• Ben Brophy: Delivery Director

14



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Advisors

• Pawe l Tomczuk: Chairman of the Advisory Board

• Ruth Wandhöfer: Blockchain Regulatory Advisor

• Julian Johnson: Strategic Advisor

Acknowledgements

Coinfirm is the globally recognized brand in both the blockchain/virtual cur-

rency and Regtech industries with multiple honors and acknowledgments. In

addition, Coinfirm has been featured in various articles and studies by known

and major entities. Below there are some examples:

• Nasdaq Covering Coinfirm:

”RegTech for the FinTech may be the next big thing in the Bitcoin and

Blockchain space.” 16

• Bitcoin Magazine covering Coinfirm and Dash Partnership:

”Dash and Coinfirm on digital currency compliance partnership.” 17

• The Fintech Times Cover Story:

”Major european bank PKO BP testing Coinfirms Blockchain Platform.”18

• Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security in Studies Virtual

Currencies and Financial Crime Challenges and Opportunities by David

Carlisle:
16http://www.nasdaq.com/article/regtech-for-fintech-may-be-the-next-big-thing-in-the-

bitcoin-and-blockchain-space-cm781301
17https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/interview-dash-and-coinfirm-on-digital-currency-

compliance-partnership-1475867943/
18http://thefintechtimes.com/major-european-bank-pko-bp-testing-coinfirms-blockchain-

platform/

15

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/regtech-for-fintech-may-be-the-next-big-thing-in-the-bitcoin-and-blockchain-space-cm781301
http://www.nasdaq.com/article/regtech-for-fintech-may-be-the-next-big-thing-in-the-bitcoin-and-blockchain-space-cm781301
https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/interview-dash-and-coinfirm-on-digital-currency-compliance-partnership-1475867943/
http://thefintechtimes.com/major-european-bank-pko-bp-testing-coinfirms-blockchain-platform/


AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

”Virtual currency and financial crime.”19

• Financial Times: ”Regulators move in on digital tokens after investor

scams.” 20

2 Vision and Mission of Coinfirm

Coinfirm provides a network that builds a transparent, democratic, effective

and compliant virtual currency and blockchain ecosystem. Coinfirm’s goal is

to deliver a streamlined and effective Global Standard for AML/CTF com-

pliance in a decentralized and democratic way where participants can provide

AML/CTF/Fraud/business/risk ratings whether negative or positive. Not only

providing transparency and democratization of the financial system in an un-

precedented way, AMLT attached to the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform serves

as a bridge to accommodating new business models and adopting blockchain

and virtual currencies.

3 Value proposition

A token that provides access rights to the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform, AMLT

allows users to purchase reports with substantial discounts, gain exclusive access

to knowledge, and allows members to evaluate market participants and obtain

AMLT by providing data crucial to seamless and safe trade. AMLT is the key

that in line with Coinfirm’s Platform provides solutions to problems for all par-

ticipants in the ecosystem and creates the foundation for a secure, tranparent,

democratic and compliant economic system.

19https://rusi.org/publication/occasional-papers/virtual-currencies-and-financial-crime-

challenges-and-opportunities
20https://www.ft.com/content/897963b4-8ec7-11e7-9084-d0c17942ba93

16

https://rusi.org/sites/default/files/rusi_op_virtual_currencies_and_financial_crime.pdf
https://www.ft.com/content/897963b4-8ec7-11e7-9084-d0c17942ba93
https://www.ft.com/content/897963b4-8ec7-11e7-9084-d0c17942ba93


AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

• Users of Virtual Currencies: a global standard, central reference and data

access point enabling effective and efficient management of AML/CTF

risk related to virtual currencies and blockchain assets, as well as anti

fraud measures;

• Virtual Currency Exchanges, Businesses and Payment Processors, as they

are recognized as obliged institutions, they must fulfill required standards

and procedures. AMLT allows to effectively streamline and automate

AML compliance, reduce costs, risk and be commercially acceptable to

major partners and clients;

• Traditional Sectors like banks or business intelligence companies: hav-

ing or accepting clients tied to virtual currencies pose risks that need to

be understood and managed. Delivers a global standard, central refer-

ence and data access point enabling effective and efficient management of

AML/CTF risk related to virtual currencies and blockchain assets, and

allows for virtual currency and blockchain adoption.

• AMLT streamlines, democratizes and decentralizes AML/CTF risk assess-

ment and processes;

• AMLT helps the exchange of information between market participants

about the risk related to users of virtual currencies in a transparent way

over and above objective rules arising from rules and regulations. De-

mocratization of strict rules and risk based approach via AMLT means

that one can, in their AML/CTF risk assessment, make a decision on the

potential risk determined by both Coinfirm’s platform as well as the voice

of other market participants.

17



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

4 Introduction

“There is no FinTech without RegTech.”

RegTech has a much wider scope of influence than FinTech as it is solving

problems related not only to FinTech but also to a much broader range of

sectors, industries and economic and human elements. Our aim is to enable a

better, faster, more secure, transparent and effective way of transferring value

and open up an entire new world of opportunities for the market and individuals.

The ecosystem impacted by the lack of effective and efficient AML/KYC risk

management for blockchain transactions covers:

• Companies accepting virtual currencies

• Banks and Financial Institutions

• Business Intelligence Companies

• New ICO’s

• Smart Contracts

• New Market Entrants

• Individuals Globally

5 An Inefficient and Troubled Market

The challenge

Currently the AML/CTF compliance process is very inefficient and costly in

both the blockchain ecosystem and the traditional financial sector.

18



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

• Size of a Money Laundering

It is said that the money laundering market is between 800 billion to 2 tril-

lion USD annually and is around 3-5% of Global Domestic Product (GDP).

This is capital that does not reach taxpayer and government services, homes,

infrastructure and businesses, but is destined to reach drug traders, terrorist

organizations, human traffickers and other nefarious enterprises building their

empires.

UK Government – UK national risk assessment of money laundering and ter-

rorist financing

“Money laundering can undermine the integrity and stability of financial mar-

kets and institutions. It is a global problem. The European Commission’s 2013

impact assessment of the EU anti-money laundering/counter terrorist financing

legislative framework points to global criminal proceeds potentially amounting

to some 3.6% of GDP; around US$ 2.1 trillion in 2009. Both money laundering

itself, and the criminality which drives the need to launder money, present a sig-

nificant risk to the UK. The laundering of proceeds of overseas corruption into

or through the UK fuels political instability in key partner countries. The NCA

judges that billions of pounds of suspected proceeds of corruption are laundered

through the UK each year. Money laundering is also a key enabler of serious

and organized crime, the social and economic costs of which are estimated to

be £24 billion a year.”21

United Nation Office on Drugs and Crime (‘UNODC’) – the foremost interna-

tional authority and commonly cited entity

“Criminals, especially drug traffickers, may have laundered around US$ 1.6 tril-

lion, or 2.7 per cent of global GDP, in 2009, according to a new report by the

United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC). This figure is consis-

21https://www.virtualcurrencyreport.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/13/2016/08/UK-

NRA-October-2015-Final-Web.pdf

19



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

tent with the 2 to 5 per cent range previously established by the International

Monetary Fund to estimate the scale of money-laundering. Less than 1 per

cent of global illicit financial flows is currently being seized and frozen, says the

report.”22

Global Financial Integrity – Illicit Financial Flows from Developing Countries

“Every year, roughly $1 trillion flows illegally out of developing and emerging

economies due to crime, corruption, and tax evasion - more than these countries

receive in foreign direct investment and foreign aid combined(. . . ).developing

and emerging economies lost US$7.8 trillion in illicit financial flows from 2004

through 2017, with illicit outflows increasing at an average rate of 6.5 % per

year - nearly twice as fast as global GDP.”23

• Money stopped

Unfortunately, the statistics are not looking well here. From the statistics indi-

cated above, it means that only up to 2% of laundered funds have been stopped

by all efforts applied by governments, regulators, banks and businesses. So, 98%

of laundered funds never make it back into the system, but instead - reaches

the previously mentioned nefarious enterprises.

• Cost of Compliance

Massive and expensive efforts have been made to improve these numbers and

processes – banks, financial institutions but also virtual currency businesses are

22UN Office on Drugs and Crime, ”Money Laundering and Globalization”,

https://www.unodc.org/unodc/en/money-laundering/globalization.html
23http://www.gfintegrity.org/report/illicit-financial-flows-from-developing-countries-2004-

2013/

http://www.gfintegrity.org/press-release/new-study-illicit-financial-flows-in-developing-

countries-large-and-persistent/

20



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

increasing their time and cost expenditures towards these issues. Global spend-

ing on anti-money laundering (AML) compliance is set to grow to more than $8

billion by 2017. It is, therefore, a costly but necessary obligation for companies,

particularly when confronting the rising threat of terrorism and the increasingly

sophisticated way in which it is financed, which is of critical importance to the

world and its governments. blockchain is playing an increasingly prevalent role

in combating money laundering and this will further highlight the commercial

advantages for companies that incorporate such RegTech and innovation into

their AML/CTF procedures. It will also help examine the potential concerns

from a client’s perspective and a fact how these issues should be addressed before

solutions such as blockchain gain universal industry approval.24

According to the international Financial Action Task Force (FATF)25, an esti-

mated $7 billion annually is spent in the U.S. alone for implementing AML/CTF

Regulation processes. The cost is disproportionately high in smaller countries

such as Mauritius, which has 1.3 million people with 25 government officials

working on AML/CTF implementation - more AML/CTF bureaucrats than

the country has opticians - and that’s not counting bank staff who carry out

customer investigations and other elements of compliance.26

• Risk of exclusion

Due to high AML/CTF risk banks and financial institution do not service or

enter countries with significant structural problems, political corruption or po-

litical instability. Because of this a large number of innocent people and legiti-

mate businesses are excluded from the financial system. This is called the risk

of exclusion. Virtual currencies are a great solution here however it needs to

24https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/services/advisory/forensics/economic-crime-survey/anti-

money-laundering.html
25http://www.fatf-gafi.org/media/fatf/documents/reports/Virtual-currency-key-

definitions-and-potential-aml-cft-risks.pdf
26https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2008/cr08319.pdf

21



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

be applied with care and in line with regulations otherwise we face repeating

the same problem. AMLT is designed to help with these aspects through the

use of the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform, but also by building a mechanism

where participants can collect and share data in a democratized way. This way

one can indicate to the network that these counterparties operating in high risk

countries are trusted and in fact low risk and others can, with a degree of ad-

ditional analysis and assessment, use this data for their benefit. With such an

effective and accurate system, entities can be judged individually as opposed to

their entire nation or region being excluded as it is today.

Example: a company located in Somalia (high risk) is trading with an estab-

lished entity in Europe and paying in virtual currencies. With a long record of

legitimate trade and an assessment conducted where no political risk exposure

was discovered, the entity in Europe can rate and add data into the network

reflecting the legitimacy and stability of the Somali entity. This way the Somali

entity receives a lower AML/CTF risk rating indicated via Coinfirm’s C-Score

and other European counterparties can rely on this information and trade with

the Somali entity.

• Risk related to virtual currencies

Virtual currencies are characterized by non-face-to-face customer relationships,

may allow anonymous funding and can be exchanged into fiat or other virtual

currencies. Anyone can download the free, open-source software from a website

to send, receive, and store Bitcoins and monitor Bitcoin transactions. They may

also permit anonymous transfers if the sender and recipient are not adequately

identified. The speed of transaction processing in virtual currencies presents a

significant benefit to users, although it varies according to the virtual currency

that is used. These systems can be used to make cross-border payments and

funds transfers.

Virtual currencies commonly rely on complex infrastructures that involve sev-

22



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

eral entities, often spread across several countries, to transfer funds or realize

payments. The difficulties created by virtual currencies stem as much from the

elusiveness of the various stakeholders as from the international (and extraterri-

torial) nature of both transactions and participants. This is particularly the case

when the servers and the individuals and legal entities that use them are located

in non-cooperative countries and territories. Virtual currency systems may be

located in jurisdictions that do not have suitable AML/CTF regulations. Cen-

tralized virtual currency systems could be complicit in money laundering and

terrorist financing and intentionally seek out jurisdictions with low AML/CTF

regimes.

• Scandals in banking sectors that show the lack of a solution27

Company Sanction Year Country

BNP Paribas US$ 8,9b 2014 France

HSBC US$ 1,9b 2012 Great Britain

Commerzbank US$ 1,5b 2015 Germany

ZTE US$ 1,2b 2017 China

• Regulatory aspect that cannot be ignored

UK Government – Action Plan for anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism

financing

“This Government has done more than any other to tackle money laundering

and terrorist financing. More assets have been recovered from criminals than

ever before, with a record £199m recovered in 2014/15, and hundreds of millions

more frozen and put beyond the reach of criminals (. . . ).”

“The UK remains the largest centre for cross-border banking, accounting for

17% of the total global value of international bank lending and 41% of global

27https://www.reuters.com/article/us-bnp-paribas-settlement-sentencing/bnp-paribas-

sentenced-in-8-9-billion-accord-over-sanctions-violations-idUSKBN0NM41K20150501

23



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

foreign exchange trading. The size of the UK’s financial and professional ser-

vices sector, our open economy, and the attractiveness of the London property

market to overseas investors makes the UK unusually exposed to international

money laundering risks. Substantial sums from crimes committed overseas are

laundered through the UK. There is no definitive measure of the scale of money

laundering, but the best available international estimate of amounts laundered

globally would be equivalent to some 2.7% of global GDP or US$1.6 trillion in

2009 (. . . ).”28

What’s the solution?

It’s blockchain.

It’s Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform.

It is AMLT.

6 A New Deal – Global Standard for AML/CTF

Compliance for blockchain based transactions

Due to its characteristics, blockchain, especially public blockchains, are perfect

for RegTech and AML/CTF compliance solutions as they deliver the ultimate

level of data trust and transparency.

It is evident that in an increasingly digital commercial landscape, the role that

solutions such as blockchain will play in facilitating AML/CTF procedures is

an inevitability rather than a possibility. The efficiency and transparency with

which discrepancies concerning client data can be detected should be com-

mended and supported as consistent scandals and highlights of inefficiency in

28Action Plan for anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist finance HM Tresury, April

2016

24



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

the current ecosystem shows. The recent alleged involvement of major UK

banks such as HSBC, RBS and Barclays in a Russian scandal concerning the

movement of approximately £65m highlights that any FinTech developments

that can help to expose other crimes of a similar nature should be endorsed.29

However, convincing more cautious companies to engage with this technology,

with the knowledge that their sensitive transactional information is distributed

so openly, is a major challenge. Finally, whilst there are hundreds of differ-

ent blockchain networks, protocols and virtual currencies available, the benefits

of blockchain are partially undermined until standardization can be achieved

as different networks will not be able to communicate with each other simul-

taneously. Though perhaps idealistic, achieving standardization and resolving

privacy concerns will be a key to blockchain’s long term success.

How can Coinfirm build this world differently for virtual currencies with ex-

change of value on a public blockchain where Coinfirm can access public ledgers

and analyze them?

How would blockchain impact money laundering?

6.1 Blockchain - the solution for efficient and effective

AML/CTF

A global standard – the decentralized nature of blockchain and virtual cur-

rencies implies that user and transaction records may be held in many different

jurisdictions, some of which may not have adequate AML/CTF controls, making

it difficult for regulators and law enforcement to access them. Furthermore, it is

impractical to assign responsibility to one particular jurisdiction as blockchain

transactions can pass through dozens of jurisdictions in seconds and cannot be

blocked or overseen. Therefore, the only effective approach to AML/CTF for

29https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/mar/20/british-banks-handled-vast-sums-of-

laundered-russian-money

25



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

blockchain and virtual currencies must be a global standard - central reference

and data access point, operating across all jurisdictions and without significant

entry barriers.

A self-sustaining system – in peer to peer value transfers, by design there

is no central authority that could provide effective AML/CTF coverage and

remove the risk from network members. Therefore, the effective approach to

AML/CTF for blockchain and virtual currencies must interact with users of

the ecosystem in real-time and engage them in collaborative data collection and

transaction counterparty verification, in an easy and automated way, without

putting additional effort on users.

Easy to use data access point – the effective AML/CTF system for blockchain

applications must be able to provide structured, actionable data on blockchain,

virtual currency transactions and transaction counterparties, with associated

money laundering risk, fraud, noncompliance and financial performance. It

must be an easy to integrate solution for both public and private blockchains,

that turns compliance into an automated, efficient and reliable process.

Easy to deploy in traditional sectors – blockchain technology in conjunction

with Coinfirm’s solution, creates a near automated system, truly capable of

separating illicit funds from circulation significantly more effectively and at the

fragment of the cost. By utilizing decentralized oversight and creating a specific

environment of interactions between users, it creates an effective infrastructure

unachievable for traditional centralized financial systems. This enormous added

value of an AML compliant blockchain solution must be easily deployable within

traditional sectors like banks and financial institutions as well.30

Commercial and mass adoption and social impact – Coinfirm builds the

standard for the mass adoption of blockchain and virtual currencies for the

30https://blog.coinfirm.io/post/sei-teams-up-with-coinfirm-to-create-new-standard-for-uk-

asset-transfers

26



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

benefit of all by allowing blockchain transaction systems to be safely adoptable.

Coinfirm creates an ecosystem that promotes the engagement of individual users

and entities in addressing a major roadblock on the way to the mass adoption

– compliance. The solution should be powerful enough to create the movement

towards financial inclusion of those who were unjustifiably excluded by faulty

compliance solutions of the current financial system.

The Platform decrypts and analyzes data from blockchains in real time. The

data collected from blockchains include:

• transaction hash and type (e.g. single/multiple input and output, sin-

gle/multiple signature)

• transaction input and output blockchain addresses

• transaction value

• balance of funds on blockchain addresses

• transaction timestamp

• fee

• size and message

• address cluster

• information about the node that approved the transaction and more.

6.2 The AML/CTF market and implication of blockchain

• all transactions performed on a public or a permissioned (private) blockchains

could be distributed among companies, users, banks and other financial

institutions, and would create a secure, accessible ledger of all transac-

tions;

27



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

• all transactions could then be processed instantly in unlimited amounts

on a permissioned blockchain; this would increase the efficiency and effec-

tiveness of processing transactions far more easily and in real-time than

using SWIFT;

• all transactions would be registered on the blockchain with a timestamp

- information about the recipient, the sender, the costs and the amounts

involved;

• the data registered on the blockchain is immutable, and can never be

changed, making it fully auditable;

• privacy is protected, as access to blockchain information is limited and

only available to those permissioned to access that particular record;

• Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs) and related sanctions monitoring could

be automated, removing the overhead and obligation of the banks and

other financial institutions to do this onerous activity;

• estimates believe that 60% or more of the costs of AML/CTF compliance

could be removed through this process as a result.31

6.3 Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform and AMLT

The Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform serves as a foundation for the safe adoption

and use of blockchain. The Platform uses over 200 proprietary algorithms and

big data analysis to provide structured actionable data that increases efficiency,

reduces costs and streamlines compliance to near automation. The blockchain

agnostic platform benefits not only companies operating around blockchain but

also major financial institutions, asset management and BI companies. Already

being used by many players in both the blockchain and traditional economy,

31Chris Skinner’s Blog: https://thefinanser.com/2017/01/laundering-service-bank-

usp.html/

28



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform continues to not only solve problems for the

blockchain industry but allows it to be adoptable within the traditional economy.

In the distributed economy, tokens are at the core of a project. Since presenting

AMLT to Coinfirm’s partners and potential users there have been many inter-

esting conversations about creating tokens that harness the full power of the

distributed business model. A well-designed token increases value along with

the growth of its network and incentivizes the community and early adopters to

use, participate, spread and evangelize the platform it represents.

AMLT represents added value and is distributed among the participants - Net-

work Members who receive AMLT in exchange for data provided to the Coinfirm

AML/CTF Platform. For Network Members, AMLT powers the interactions on

the platform and allows them to provide information to the network for the ben-

efit of themselves and transparency of other participants.

If Bitcoin is the petrol that makes the car run then AMLT is the motor oil that

keeps blockchain assets running smoothly.

The data collected from the blockchains are complemented with data from the

following actors of the Coinfirm ecosystem:

• Clients, Partners and Authorities – data about blockchain transac-

tions on external Platforms and services is provided either automatically

(through API’s) or in packages by our clients and partners such as virtual

currency exchanges and business intelligence companies. Such a model

allows for unparalleled transparency and for Coinfirm to have an ultra-

effective service for Coinfirm’s clients and semi-automated development of

products and services along with the expansion of cooperating entities.

• Platform Users – the Platform is developed with the aim of creating

interaction in the ecosystem and providing users incentives to be a part of

the ecosystem and provide information and evidence on blockchain trans-

29



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

actions and suspicious addresses.

• Post AMLT launch – Network Members, who are users of AMLT and

the Platform that meet certain criteria defined by a Smart Contract, will

create the entire new and effective global ecosystem for data collection

and validation – see details in further parts of this White Paper.

The data collected from blockchains is further perfected with data collected from

external resources. For this purpose, Coinfirm has developed a set of advanced

tools, including crawlers, scrapers and an internal department of skilled data

researchers and analysts. External data sources include:

• Clearnet (Internet) – Coinfirm harvests data from websites, forums

(reddit.com, bitcointalk.org, etc.), blockchain explorers (blockchain.info,

walletexplorer.com, etc.) and more.

• Deep Web – Coinfirm collects information about blockchain addresses

and transactions used for illicit activities on Tor, Freenet, I2P, darknet

markets and more.

• Data leaks – Coinfirm monitors and harvests all relevant data leaks and

indexes them for blockchain addresses and transactions.

• Tracking own funds – set of proprietary analysis methods and tools for

semi-automated identification of blockchain addresses.

• Network Nodes – set of proprietary analysis methods and tools for ac-

quiring information from network nodes.

The collected data is further processed thorough several categories of Big Data

Analyses:

• Data merge and fuzzy matching – algorithms devoted to match the

data from blockchains with the data collected from other sources, through

30



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

either one-to-one matching or with assumption of probability - fuzzy match-

ing.

• Transactions/addresses Flagging – Flags indicating risks or other at-

tributes are assigned to addresses and transactions as a result of merging

blockchain data with data from other resources as well as based on our

transaction patterns analysis algorithms. For example, a Flag for drug

trade relation is assigned to an address if the address was found to be

used in a drug trade on a darknet market. The Flag may be automati-

cally further propagated on subsequent transactions depending on certain

circumstances and analysis.

• Paths, proximity and density analyses – Coinfirm uses graph databases

to recognize transaction patterns such as specific paths, and relation to

Flagged addresses or graph structures. Addresses and transactions in-

volved in specific patterns are appropriately Flagged.

• Behavioral analyses – Coinfirm’s algorithms look for transaction pat-

terns and characteristics that represent a certain user profile, for example

high risk users, such as long-term accumulation of funds or use of complex

transactions in order to layer the track of funds.

• Clustering analyses – set of algorithms aimed to recognize and group

addresses and transactions belonging to one user.

The diagram below shows the Data collection and analysis within the Coinfirm

AML/CFT Platform:

31



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Once processed, the data is subsequently provided to Platform users in the

form of structured reports or actionable data sets pulled through the Platform’s

API. In both scenarios data is structured in a way that enables streamlining

of compliance and automation of the decision-making process for users. The

exact content of the data can also be customized for select users. Select data is

available for free in order to expand Coinfirm’s ecosystem, allow access to such

tools for all and facilitate the mass adoption of blockchain.

The following structured data is currently available in the Coinfirm AML/CTF

Risk Reports:

• C-Score – Coinfirm risk score that is numbered between 0 and 99 and

reflects the level of money laundering, fraud or compliance risk. Coinfirm

Risk Rating is the reflection of the above mentioned C-Score as either low,

medium or high-risk rating.

• Coinfirm recommendation – Coinfirm’s transaction recommendation,

e.g. transact freely, transact with caution, do not transact.

• Entity name – identified virtual currency addresses connected to legal

commercial entities e.g. Bitstamp.

32



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

• Profile – information about the type of entity (e.g. exchange, payment

processor, wallet, gambling service etc.) and Profile characteristics (e.g.

extensive user, trader, miner, mixer etc.) based on behavioral and identi-

fication analysis. Over 50 Profiles are currently available.

• Risk Indicators – over 150 scenarios that the address/user is assessed

against, including: use of darknet markets, terrorist financing, crime and

cybercrime, tax evasion, industry risk, layering track of funds, behavioral

characteristics, country risk.

• Financial activity – data sets of financial activity, status, and cash-flow

indicators and charts, for example: list of identified addresses of the user,

timestamps and value of first and last transaction, funds balance history,

average transaction value, number of transactions, turnover and many

more.

• Whitelist – yes/no information on whether the user is listed by Coinfirm

as a trusted party (e.g. an exchange with a good reputation). Multiple

other data sets are available upon further client’s needs discovery and

development.

6.4 Coinfirm Risk Score – C-Score

The C-Score is an internal Risk Rating indicator expressing the level of money

laundering, fraud and compliance risk associated with counterparties of blockchain

transactions. Each blockchain address or group of addresses identified as be-

longing to the same user is assigned with 0 to 99 C-Score, where the higher

score reflects higher risk. Here Coinfirm presents only the highlights of how a

C-Score is generated. The overall process is depicted in the diagram below:

33



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Coinfirm uses a system of Flags assigned to blockchain addresses or holders

(payment processors). Flags carry the value (usually binary – True or False,

however other types of variables may be used) resulting from events related to

blockchain addresses and users. For example, a binary Flag “terrorism financ-

ing” is assigned to blockchain address in case it was found as a donation address

of a terrorist organization. Some flags are assigned manually and others result

from automated processing or automated propagation of already existing Flags.

Flags are automatically transposed into the Risk Indicators, each representing a

specified, defined risk associated with a blockchain address or its user (multiple

Risk Indicators can be assigned to one address or user). Coinfirm’s AML/CTF

model currently utilizes hundreds of Risk Indicators grouped in a few categories:

Criminal or Illicit Activity, Cybercrime, Industry, Service and Occupation, etc.

Coinfirm’s model consists of Risk Indicators typical for traditional AML/CTF

systems used by financial institutions as well as blockchain specific ones. Below

there are two examples distinguishing between the two mentioned types of Risk

Indicators:

Example 1 (Risk Indicator typical for traditional AML/CTF systems):

Address related to terrorism financing:

“This Risk Indicator increases the risk assessment of the evaluated blockchain

address when: - The evaluated blockchain address was found or reported to-

gether with evidence or credible indication that it may be involved in terrorism

financing; or

34



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

- The evaluated blockchain address is discovered through data analysis as being

used in terrorism financing;

- Terrorism financing refers to activities that provides financing or financial

support to individual terrorism or terrorist groups.

For example: The evaluated blockchain address was found on the website of

a terrorist organization and was referred to as a donation address.”

Example 2 (Risk Indicator specific for blockchain applications):

Address with incoming transactions passing significant fees to miners:

“This Risk Indicator increases the risk assessment of the evaluated blockchain

address when:

- The evaluated blockchain address receives funds in one or more transactions,

which are executed with a transaction fee causing the passing of significant

funds to mining addresses (transaction fee amount or fee/kB of transaction size

is significantly greater then network average at the time of transaction);

- Illicit funds are frequently distributed in the form of inflated transaction fees

on blockchain addresses functioning as miner addresses but owned by an author

of the transaction; due to the nature of blockchain protocol, funds passed in

the form of transaction fee rather than regular blockchain transaction are more

difficult to be traced;

- Mining addresses are blockchain addresses owned by miners, who are respon-

sible for sustaining the process of adding transaction records to the blockchain

ledger; miners receive remuneration on their mining addresses in the form of

transaction fees and newly created coins or tokens for providing computing or

storage resources required for confirmation of transactions in the blockchain

network or storing the copy of the ledger.

35



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

For example: the transactions outgoing from the evaluated blockchain address

are executed with transaction fees set to the equivalent of several thousand USD,

while the actual transaction value is of minor value.”

Each Risk Indicator carries a risk severity score, which is the number from 0 to

99 reflecting the level of risk represented by this Risk Indicator.

The final C-Score translates into a risk evaluation that can take three forms: low

risk (0;33), medium risk (34;66) and high risk (67;99), which translate respec-

tively into the following Recommendations: “transact freely”, “transact with

caution:” and “do not transact”.

The C-Score can be decreased in the case the address or user has been Whitelisted

or will be rated well by network members using AMLT. In order to become

Whitelisted, the applicant should contact Coinfirm in order to pass a KYC

process and prove the ownership of the blockchain addresses. Currently the

Whitelist assumes a maximum decrease of the C-Score by 15 points and applies

in the case when the original evaluation is not high risk.

Select Flags are automatically transposed into Profiles, each representing spe-

cific characteristics or industries related to the blockchain address or user(multiple

Profiles can be assigned to one address or user). Profiles do not carry the risk

severity score and therefore do not impact the C-Score, as all adverse Profiles

(e.g., mixer, gambling service, charity, inactive user) have corresponding Risk

Indicators that carry the risk evaluation.

6.5 Business Overview of Coinfirm

Coinfirm is a global RegTech enterprise focused on AML/CTF for blockchain

that is functioning under the UK based legal entity, Coinfirm Ltd, and its sub-

sidiaries. The management of the company consists of recognized leaders and

professionals from AML, compliance, anti-fraud and blockchain industries.

36



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

The Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform, along with its paying clients, partnering

companies, corporates, banks, financial institutions, and users, creates an ecosys-

tem aimed to build the transparent, new era of finance and a foundation for the

mass adoption of blockchain and virtual currencies. Coinfirm brings highly

efficient AML/CTF solutions into public and private blockchains and further

implementation of AML/CTF compliant blockchain technology to the global

financial industry.

Below are listed key partners and/or clients of Coinfirm and services provided

to them:

37



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Selected Clients and Partners Scope of a cooperation

Dash Integration of Dash Blockchain into

the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform

for Dash commercial users;

First ever partnership between top

10 virtual currency and business en-

terprise;

Registration and authentication of

documents, files and data with the

use of the Dash Blockchain via Coin-

firm’s Trudatum solution for finan-

cial institutions, corporates, govern-

ments and SME’s.

The Largest Central European

Bank

Supporting compliance and security

with the Coinfirm Trudatum solu-

tion devoted to the registration of

documents, files and data.

Big4 company Fraud investigations and address

analysis/tracking.

Government of an Asian Country In-depth AML/CTF reports on se-

lect blockchain entities.

Leading Central European Virtual

Currency Exchange

Preparation of AML/CTF Policies

and Procedures;

Access to the Coinfirm AML/CTF

Platform through API.

38



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Selected Clients and Partners Scope of a cooperation

Leading Balkan Virtual Currency

Exchange

Preparation of the AML/CTF Poli-

cies and Procedures;

Access to the Coinfirm AML/CTF

Platform through API.

Leading Blockchain Remittance

Company

Access to the Coinfirm AML/CTF

Platform through API

Leading Blockchain Gambling

Lottery

Integration of Ethereum Blockchain

with the Coinfirm AML/CTF Plat-

form;

Access to the Coinfirm AML/CTF

Platform through API

7 AMLT – fuel for the Coinfirm AML/CTF Plat-

form and the transparent ecosystem

Although the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform accepts payments in fiat and other

cryptocurrencies, it is intended that activity in the Platform will eventually be

performed primarily using AMLT and all purchases of AML Risk reports will

be performed using AMLT. The principal purpose of a AMLT is therefore to

operate as an ‘in-app token’ and an ‘access token’ that grants users access to

the Coinfirm Platform and the services provided therein. AMLT will also offer

discounts on fees charged within the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform.

Another feature of AMLT is that it is the reward for Network Members who

contribute their services to the ecosystem by providing identification and ver-

ification information (such as for information regarding public keys used in

transactions with counterparties) and fulfilling certain other criteria that will

39



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

give them the status of a ‘Network Member’.

Users of AMLT will become an important and active part in building the trans-

parent new era of finance and a foundation for the mass adoption of blockchain

and virtual currencies. The interactions between AMLT users will move the

economy towards transparency and financial inclusion of good actors and exclu-

sion of bad ones with precision beyond the reach of the current financial system

in which individuals unjustifiably suffer from financial exclusion.

AMLT was designed to activate and be used by not only blockchain related

entities but also an entire scope of actors from traditional sectors, including for

example: large commercial companies, banks and financial institutions, some of

which are already Coinfirm’s clients and partners.

This shows the flow of AMLT in the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform.

7.1 Tokens Distribution during Crowd Sale

Tokens available to public at launch: 210,000,000

Data rewards pool for Network Members: 120,000,000 (distributed monthly by

the smart contract)

40



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Consultants/Advisors: 2%

Ambassadors/Referrals: 1%

Founding Team: 10% (with lockup period)

Dev team and bonuses: 4% (with lockup period)

Foundation/Charity: 0,5%

Total AMLT Tokens generated in smart contract: 400,000,000

7.2 Token Crowd Sale

A participant who wants to purchase AMLT during the Token Crowd Sale needs

to pass through the onboarding procedure after transferring ETH to the AMLT

Crowd Sale Address. The Participant needs to provide for the compliance eval-

uation Participant’s Profile and Identity Data and Participant’s Ethereum Ad-

dress from which the payment for AMLT is supposed to be made.

In case the Participant does not provide all data required by onboarding process

until AMLT Crowd Sale Timeout, providing this data would still be possible

within 2 weeks after the Crowd Sale, the documents will be verified within a

maximum 4 weeks after the Crowd Sale.

Only if the Participant provides all of the data required by the onboarding

process on time and the Participant’s compliance evaluation results are within

the acceptable risk limit, the AMLT will be paid out to Participant’s Ethereum

Address. Otherwise ETH paid in will be returned. AMLT tokens will be released

to Participants up to 4 weeks after the AMLT Crowd Sale.

In case the compliance evaluation will result in a high risk score, the Partici-

pant’s Ethereum Address may be flagged as such on the Coinfirm AML/CTF

Platform.

41



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Purchase of AMLT during Token Crowd Sale

7.3 Becoming a Network Member

A Participant who wants to become an AMLT Network Member and become a

compliant, active part of the ecosystem needs to pass the onboarding procedure

described in point 7.2. above.

If the Participant’s compliance evaluation results are within the acceptable risk

limit, the Participant obtains the status of a AMLT User on Coinfirm AML/CTF

Platform. The status of AMLT User entitles the Participant to use AMLT on

Coinfirm’s AML/CTF Platform.

If the Participant’s compliance evaluation results are within the acceptable risk

limit and the AMLT balance on the Participant’s Ethereum Address meets

the Minimum Balance, the Participant obtains the status of Network Member.

Once a Network Member the Participant can be actively engaged in the network,

receive full benefits and obtain AMLT for network contribution.

If the Participant’s compliance evaluation exceeds the acceptable risk limit,

any unsettled Participant funds are returned and the Participant’s Ethereum

Address may be appropriately flagged on Coinfirm AML Platform till receiving

a proper explanation or evidence from the Participant.

42



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

The following diagram depicts the process of acquiring the status of Network

Member:

AMLT in circulation are constantly monitored in terms of AML/CTF risks by

the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform. Only AMLT that were not identified as

AML high risk and those traded by exchanges with KYC processes may be

used on the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform.

7.4 AMLT for User Applications

AMLT was designed to activate and be used by not only blockchain related

entities but also the entire scope of actors from the traditional sector, including

for example: companies, banks and financial institutions, legal entities and

governments, some of which are already Coinfirm’s clients and partners.

Users who want to purchase AMLT and become a compliant, active part of

the ecosystem, need to pass through the AML/CTF and KYC check. The User

provides his/her Profile and Identity Data as well as the Token Address devoted

to hold AMLT. The User’s Token Address is verified on the Coinfirm AML/CTF

Platform against suspicious transactions and the User’s Identity Data passes

through standard KYC checks, e.g. appearance on sanctions lists.32

If the evaluation result indicates low risk, the User obtains a status of a Qualified

User and his Token Address is put on the Smart Contract Whitelist. The

32There are many sanctions lists, the most important include UN, USA and FATF lists e.g.

https://www.un.org/sc/suborg/en/sanctions/un-sc-consolidated-list

43



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Qualified User is entitled to purchase AMLT during the Token Crowd Sale and

to use them for purchasing services on the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform.

If the AMLT balance on the User’s Token Address meets the Minimum Balance

set by the Smart Contract, the User obtains the status of Network Member.

Network Members are the key pillars of the AMLT ecosystem and are entitled

to multiple benefits, including:

• SPEND – Services provided by Coinfirm’s AML/CTF Platform can be

purchased with substantial discounts with the use of AMLT and even more

by Network Members when paid with AMLT. These services will include

AML Risk Reports, available through our API, in pdf or web format and

their prices will be nominated in USD or other major fiat currency.

• HOLD – Network Members will gain access to the Knowledge Pool - the

wide database of materials on AML for blockchain and virtual currencies,

this includes: Articles, Webinars, Guidance on AML/CTF, Exemplary

AML Policies, Procedures and Risk Matrixes. This toolkit is an essen-

tial part for any entity that wants to effectively manage AML risk on

blockchain transactions. It is market unique and can substantially de-

crease AML expenses for both small entities and large corporates.

• GET REWARDS – Network Members will be entitled to obtain ex-

tra tokens coming from AMLT Monthly Distribution (periodic supply of

newly created tokens, driven by token protocol), for providing specified

data to the AMLT network. This data includes blockchain addresses with

assigned data such as Profile data, Risk Indications, evidence, URLs. For

example, the Network Member may report a donation address of a specific

scam service with a supporting website address and pdf print screen. Once

the provided data is validated by our team, the Token Addresses of Net-

work Members who uploaded validated data are added to the payout list

and AMLT Monthly Distribution amount is distributed between Network

44



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Members that provided validated data. The provided and anonymized

data would then be made public for the sake of transparency and fair

treatment of Network Members.

Network Members will need to comply with the requirements of Terms of Par-

ticipation, expressing the good will and terms of participation in the AMLT

network, which would include:

• Providing transparent and quality information;

• Taking no defamatory action against other AMLT users;

• Being diligent with AML/KYC obligations.

Description of functionalities

• Access to the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform and its services (Basic Re-

port, C-Score, Standard Report, and Enterprise Report);

• Access to an exclusive Knowledge Pool including exclusive trainings, we-

binars, articles, guidance on AML/CTF Compliance but also applicable

example policies, procedures and risk matrix’s;

• Possibility of being rewarded in AMLT for contributing data on virtual

currency addresses to the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform.

Certain benefits are exclusively available to Network Members. The following

characteristics are required to become the Network Member:

• Hold 50,000 AMLT;

• Provides identification and verification information for AML/CTF/KYC

requirements;

45



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

• Install Coinfirm’s Wallet;

• Provide their IP.

Benefits ONLY available to the Network Members:

• Discount % for services on the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform;

• Access to the exclusive Knowledge Pool of the Coinfirm AML/CTF Plat-

form;

• Possibility of being rewarded in AMLT for contributing data on virtual

currency addresses to the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform.

7.5 AMLT for data collection application

It is intended that certain benefits will only be available to Network Members,

who will be required to hold a certain amount of AMLT, primarily in the form

of (i) access to rewards in AMLT for their contribution to the Coinfirm Platform

and (ii) access to AML/CTF training resources and/or services known as the

‘Knowledge Pool’. Rewards may be earned and paid out in the form of AMLT for

users of the Coinfirm Platform that qualify as Network Members. Qualification

to be a Network Member include:

• hold at least 50,000 AMLT (fifty thousand AMLT)

• agree and perform in line with the Coinfirm Terms and Conditions of

Network Members

• approved for the purpose of AML/KYC process

Rewards to the Network Members shall be provided on the basis of information

provided to Coinfirm. Data Reward Pool for Network Members shall be dis-

46



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

tributed on the basis of percentage of quality data versus the total number of

data provided by the network.

Example: if Network Member provided information about 10 address and the

network provided information on 100 addresses in total than this Network Mem-

ber receive 10% of Data Reward Pool available this month. The quality of data

will be assessed by Coinfirm’s team.

The monthly amount of AMLT within the Data Reward Pool for Network Mem-

bers starts with 500,000 AMLT and shall be lowered every month with 5 percent.

Terms of Participation will be based on the good will and signing up for the

rules of usage of the system.

General reference shall specify: “I commit to provide the most transparent and

accurate information possible, take no defamatory action against other partici-

pants on the market via AMLT, disclose relevant information immediately, and

be diligent in my AML/KYC obligations.”

8 Roadmap

• Pre 1.0 AMLT: Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform already provides AML/CTF

solutions for the virtual currency ecosystem with global clients and part-

ners ranging from some of the largest virtual currencies to major business

intelligence companies and financial institutions. The system can be ac-

cessed online or via API. The easily adoptable and user friendly Platform

allows users to complete their AML/CTF compliance model with trans-

action monitoring. The Coinfirm AML/CTF is blockchain agnostic and

currently provides services for Bitcoin, Dash, and Ethereum.

• 1.0 AMLT: AMLT becomes the fully transparent access token of the Coin-

firm AML/CTF Platform and network where in order to fully use the

47



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Platform, buy a report or access the API at discounted rates and access

the Knowledge Pool with exclusive webinars, trainings, articles, draft poli-

cies, procedures, risk matrix’s on AML/CTF, AMLT and the status of

Qualified User or Network Member is required.

• 2.0 AMLT: AMLT Wallet integrated with the Coinfirm AML/CTF Plat-

form. Network Members that went through the identification and verifica-

tion process on the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform, obtained approval for

a white label address and hold the minimum of amount of AMLT required

are able to provide information to the Platform about virtual currency ad-

dresses (their own and others) in exchange for participation in the Monthly

Distribution of AMLT generated by the smart contract. The contributions

will be valued, and transactions will be calculated based on the value of the

reported information. This will allow for full user privacy as well as a de-

centralized audit trail for users to ensure they received the correct payments

for their input into the AMLT network.

9 Business Landscape

Coinfirm welcomes competition. There is room for more than one. Big data is

big business. Worldwide revenues for big data analytics are forecast to exceed

$150 billion in 2017, rising to more than $210 billion by 2020.33

9.1 Competition

Elliptic34 is engaged in the identification of illicit activity on the Bitcoin blockchain

and provide their services to the leading Bitcoin companies and law enforce-

33Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security Studies; Occasional Paper; Big

Data and Policing An Assessment of Law Enforcement Requirements, Expectations and Pri-

orities by Alexander Babuta
34https://www.elliptic.co/

48



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

ment agencies. According to the publicly available resources Elliptic focuses on

fraud examinations and provides services related to Bitcoin’s blockchain only.

Coinfirm has not identified any indication about Elliptic providing streamlined

AML/CTF related services.

Chainalysis35 advertises itself as leading provider of AML/CTF software for

Bitcoin, working with global financial institutions and Europol. Chainalysis

provides data analysis, visualization and actionable intelligence to protect the

integrity of the financial system. According to publicly available resources

Chainalysis focuses on the development of data analysis tools for Bitcoin’s

blockchain only. Coinfirm has not found that Chainalysis would provide au-

tomated, structured AML/CTF risk reports.

Scorechain36 presents its Profile as a provider of a Bitcoin analytics Plat-

form, allowing companies to implement regulatory compliance procedures for

Bitcoin activities, forensic investigations and also enhance Bitcoin companies

customer engagement. According to publicly available resources Scorechain pro-

vides streamlined reports on the risk of counterparties of Bitcoin transactions

only. Coinfirm has not identified that Scorechain reports would be devoted

specifically to address AML/CTF risks.

9.2 AMLT Advantage Matrix

Present ecosystem Coinfirm

AML Advantages for blockchain industry

35https://www.chainalysis.com/
36https://www.scorechain.com/

49



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

Lack of global standard for

AML/CTF coverage for blockchain.

Setting a global standard, refer-

ence and data access point en-

abling effective and efficient man-

agement of AML/CTF risk related

to blockchain transactions.

No AML related solutions truly uti-

lizing the decentralized power of

blockchain and blockchain based to-

kens.

First mover advantage - the first

AML related blockchain based token

and ecosystem, designed to become

a global standard for AML and de-

liver an open democracy and finan-

cial inclusion to the global financial

system.

No solution devoted specifically to

address the blockchain market

needs on compliance with AML

regulations.

End to end AML risk manage-

ment, including streamlined, action-

able AML risk reports and AML re-

lated bespoke services.

Only a very limited number of

experts in AML and compliance

are engaged in the development of

solutions for blockchain.

Project backed by network of

globally recognized leaders in

AML, compliance, anti-fraud and

blockchain technology.

Currently no effective solution

devoted specifically to address the

blockchain market needs on

compliance with AML regulations.

End to end AML risk manage-

ment, including streamlined, action-

able AML risk reports and AML re-

lated bespoke services.

Currently no solution to address

the AML risks related to

blockchains other than Bitcoin.

Blockchain agnostic with the aim to

support all major public and pri-

vate blockchains; currently support-

ing Bitcoin, Dash and Ethereum

blockchains.

50



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

No effective system allowing banks

and financial institutions to accept

clients using blockchain

transactions.

Solution easily adoptable by banks

and financial institutions, provid-

ing them with constant oversight

on blockchain transactions of their

clients.

Advantages for Current Financial Ecosystem

Extremely ineffective AML

solutions – only up to 2% of

laundered funds is discovered.

Enables effectiveness beyond the

reach of traditional financial system.

Extremely costly - $8 billion

annually

Enables saving billions due to au-

tomation and standardization

AML centralized in hands of

regulators and financial institutions

Enables involvement of entire soci-

eties in the identification and report-

ing of suspicious transactions, creat-

ing a sort of democratic

Financial exclusion of poor and

sanctioned countries

Enables selective financial inclusion

of entities and individuals, regard-

less of geographical location

Duplication of efforts Encrypted client details and analy-

ses can be distributed to all financial

institutions in near real time

Difficult auditability Full and automated auditability, in-

contestable authenticity, ownership

and timestamp of data and AML

analyses results

51



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

10 The people behind it

Our project and team is constantly growing. Currently Coinfirm is a group of

over 30 recognized leaders and professionals, projected to grow a few times in

the next half year.

10.1 Founders

Pawe l Kuskowski, CEO, Co-founder – Entrepreneur, AML/CTF and rec-

ognized compliance advisor. A former head of global AML/CTF processes at

major financial institutions such as RBS, Pawe l is a specialist in compliance and

anti-money-laundering with extensive experience in conducting global projects

for international financial institutions and cooperating with supervisory author-

ities. He is also the chairman of the Compliance Association of Poland.

Pawe l Aleksander, CIO, Co-founder – One of the more recognizable fraud

prevention experts in Central Europe. Former Head of Fraud Investigations

in ArcelorMittal, AML/CTF Project Manager in the Royal Bank of Scotland

and fraud investigator and auditor in Ernst & Young. Pawe l holds the titles

of Certified Fraud Examiner and Certified Internal Auditor. He has conducted

numerous fraud and in-depth AML/CTF investigations in blockchain industry.

Jakub Fijo lek, CTO, Co-founder – An innovative IT and security specialist,

Jakub has been analyzing and developing around blockchain, virtual currencies

and their applications since 2010. Jakub is the former head of multi-algorithm

virtual currency mining farms with vast experience in attacking, testing and

creating the security systems around blockchain.

Grant Blaisdell, CMO, Co-founder – Creating models and ventures around

tech and new media since his teens, Grant has been engrained as a visionary in

both California and European startup ecosystems. Whether through his own

52



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

projects or working with major companies, Grant has been pushing progress in

the clash of tech and culture.

Maciej Zió lkowski, Co-founder – An international pioneering virtual cur-

rency adopter. Maciej has been involved in the Bitcoin and blockchain space

since the early stages. He is a recognized author and speaker on the subject and

co-founded the first Bitcoin establishment of its kind in Europe.

Ben Brophy, Delivery Director – One of the creators of blockchain move-

ment around the financial area, Ben built and led the ENTIQ Blockchain LAB,

is the CEO of BlockLab and the former Head of the Innovation Hub for Royal

Bank of Scotland.

10.2 Advisors

Pawel Tomczuk, Chairman of the Advisory Board – CEO of JPGH

& Associates, entrepreneur, founder of Ciszewski Financial Communications

(successfully sold to Publicis Groupe ‘2011), investor & advisor to the board

of numerous tech businesses across fintech, digital media and data. Mentor at

Techstars, Startupbootcamp Fintech & Insurtech, Startup Grind and London

Tech Advocate.

Ruth Wandhöfer, Blockchain Regulatory Advisor – Global Managing

Director of Compliance & Market Strategy in Citibank, Regulatory and FinTech

expert and one of the foremost authorities on banking regulatory matters, Ruth

is a recognized global leader in the compliance space and chairs a number of

influential industry bodies.

Julian Johnson, Strategic Advisor – CEO of MainSheet Ventures with 25-

years of experience in the technology market and global sales executive roles at

Oracle, Siebel, SAP, Microsoft and Salesforce. Julian has implemented major

systems around the world and built an extensive career spanning several indus-

53



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

tries, including financial services, public sector, telecommunications and media,

utilities and energy.

10.3 Key Team Members

Robert Ciurkot - COO at Coinfirm

Krzysztof Król - Product Owner

Marcin Rabenda - Product Owner

Beata Wísnicka - Senior AML Analyst

Pylip Radionov - C++ Developer

Sebastian Gruza - Java Developer

Bartosz Ziȩba - Developer

Magdalena Poprzeczko - Executive Assistant

Maksymilian Jaworski - Data Base Administrator

 Lukasz Kranc - Frontend Developer

Filip Wieczyński - Business Developer

11 AMLT - setting the high standard

1. Clear and feasible idea

AMLT is attached to Coinfirm’s automated AML/CTF compliance plat-

form used to assess risk and fulfill regulatory obligations for blockchain

transactions. AMLT delivers streamlined compliance at a discounted price

for its holders and Network Members

54



AMLT

THE TOKEN OF COMPLIANCE White Paper

2. Team with track record

The Coinfirm team has built a recognized brand, AML/CTF Platform

and a portfolio of clients and partners ranging from Big4’s and finan-

cial institutions to the major virtual currencies. Team members include

compliance and regulatory leaders for major financial institutions, virtual

currency experts and blockchain technologists.

3. Solid White Paper

Drafted by the Coinfirm team and reviewed by external experts, the White

Paper is also externally audited.

4. Audited Token

The smart contract and token will be audited and tested.

5. Realistic milestones

Create a transparent and mutually beneficial compliant blockchain ecosys-

tem while becoming the global AML/CTF standard.

6. Safety of funds and compliance with AML/CTF and KYC reg-

ulations

Escrow will be implemented for at least 70% of the funds. AML/CTF

and Compliance will be transparently run through the Coinfirm Platform

(each AMLT holder will be rated) with other elements outsourced to a

trusted third party provider.

7. Responsible antibug approach

Regular checks as well as a generous bug bounty policy.

55


	AMLT and blockchain Ecosystem
	Vision and Mission of Coinfirm
	Value proposition
	Introduction
	An Inefficient and Troubled Market
	A New Deal – Global Standard for AML/CTF Compliance for blockchain based transactions
	Blockchain - the solution for efficient and effective AML/CTF
	The AML/CTF market and implication of blockchain
	Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform and AMLT
	Coinfirm Risk Score – C-Score
	Business Overview of Coinfirm

	AMLT – fuel for the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform and the transparent ecosystem 
	Tokens Distribution during Crowd Sale
	Token Crowd Sale
	Becoming a Network Member
	AMLT for User Applications
	AMLT for data collection application

	Roadmap
	Business Landscape
	Competition
	AMLT Advantage Matrix

	The people behind it
	Founders
	Advisors
	Key Team Members

	AMLT - setting the high standard

