




































Astronaut Whitepaper (ASTRO_ V1.01)






TABLE OF CONTENTS

Introduction ……………………………. 

The Problem ……………………………. 

The Solution ……………………………. 

The State Of The Market …………….. 

Investment Methodology ……………. 

Performance & Return ……………….. 

Research & Analysis …………………… 

Capital Allocation ……………………… 

Dividends ……………………………….. 

Portfolio Tracker ………………………. 

Auditing …………………………………. 

Token Allocation ……………………….. 

Use of Proceeds ……………………….. 

Roadmap ……………………………….. 

The Team ………………………………. 

Contact ………………………………….. 

Disclaimer & Legal ……………………..

4 

5 

6 

10 

12 

14 

17 

19 

20 

22 

23 

25 

25 

26 

27 

30 

31 

PG 3



UNLOCKING THE POTENTIAL OF CRYPTO MARKETS AND ICOS 

WITH ONE TOKEN

Astronaut is a unique crypto investment service which seeks to capitalize on the growth and market adoption 
of crypto currencies and Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs). 

In 2017 alone, over $1.3 billion has been raised in the ICO market - almost double that of traditional venture 
capital. 

While coin offerings have benefited from the success of Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies, there remains a 
significant need in the market for a due diligence-backed investment methodology to avoid boom and bust 
cycles. 

Astronaut seeks to establish a streamlined offering, whereby both retail and institutional grade investors can 
participate in a variety of research-backed tokens and currencies through one simple channel, avoiding the 
need for their own due diligence and subscription process. 

Astronaut has a focus on transparency and analysis, relying on strict criteria which guides the placement of 
funds within our portfolio. Utilizing our company-owned research team, Picolo Research, we maintain the 
highest of due diligence standards to ensure we maximise risk-adjusted portfolio returns. 

The structure of the offering allows its token holders to benefit from a) capital appreciation of assets under 
management and b) quarterly dividends as income. Both of these are detailed later in this whitepaper. 

Astronaut is backed by an amalgamation of professionals from private equity, venture capital, funds 
management and technology development.  

Our platform is transparent, agile and above all - focused on crystallizing ongoing dividends and capital 
growth for token holders. 

We look forward to generating growth and success for our token holders through our platform. 

Founder and CEO 

Matthew J Dibb 

Matthew J. Dibb

Welcome To Astronaut

PG 4



THE PROBLEM

The crypto and token market has exploded faster than anyone could really anticipate. While this has its 
advantages, it also means that certain aspects of the ecosystem have been unable to keep up with the 
exponential growth. 

As with any new high growth market, token markets have attracted the talented and the entrepreneurial, but 
also the opportunistic and the fraudulent. 

As a result, for every project in the blockchain ecosystem that has seen the value of its tokens appreciate, 
there are others that have dramatically underperformed. 

In a survey we conducted amongst our 10,000+ subscribers at Picolo Research, we were able to determine 
the top 3 issues that active investors are facing in the token market: 

Cryptocurrencies And Tokens Are Still An Emerging Asset Class

1) Trust: Investors are currently facing over 60 coin offerings per month. Filtering and understanding 
which are trustworthy and credible is no easy feat. There are a limited number of independent 
research firms and few credible sources of information. 

2) Accessibility: Accessing desired ICOs can at times be difficult. There is often little transparency 
during token sales and many of the stages are sold out prior to the live offering ever taking place. 

3) Efficiency & management: The process of registering, applying and transacting for ownership in a 
new ICO is difficult. Prospective investors are facing challenges with gaining access to ‘hyped’ ICOs 
and finding the ongoing management and trading of tokens after the initial listing difficult.

The 3 Problems

These challenges are not surprising in a market which is still in its infancy. It is likely that mainstream adoption 
of token investment will not evolve until such problems are solved. 

In addition to the above, prospective investors who have never deployed capital into the token market share 
some similarities in their challenges:

0%

12.5%

25%

37.5%

50%

Lack of 3rd party research No regulatory framework Lack of attractive investment structure Lack of faith in software Lack of attractive projects

Why Haven't You Participated In An ICO?

Coindesk State of Blockchain Q2 2017 Report 

PG 5



THE SOLUTION

Astronaut is a creation based on the feedback of our 10,000+ subscribers at Picolo Research, the leading 
independent research firm of blockchain Initial Coin Offerings.  

Astronaut is a token-based service which gives you access to a basket of researched and verified ICOs every 
month. 

Our value proposition and solutions directly address the current market challenges: 

A Strategic and Tactical Investment Platform Backed By A Leading Blockchain ICO Research House

1) Trust: Astronaut’s internal research team (Picolo Research) is one of the most trusted providers of 
ICO due diligence globally. Thousands of investors rely on our research every month to guide them 
through the token market and recommend verified, secure and high-growth opportunities. 

2) Accessibility: Astronaut’s token (ASTRO) provides an unparalleled platform to access qualified 
and deeply researched token offerings. One ASTRO Token gives you ownership to a basket of 
analyst-recommended tokens every month. 

3) Efficiency & Management: Astronaut takes on the full process of researching and accessing 
ICOs, managing risk, and safely exiting positions. This approach saves investors a significant amount 
of time and money while still allowing them to participate in this nascent market. 

The 3 Solutions

Astronaut’s tokens provides two kinds of returns to its users: 

1) Token appreciation aligned with the Net Asset Value (NAV) of the fund; and 

2) Quarterly income distributions based on the investment and exit activity of Astronaut 

Astronaut will be the first to establish such a platform in the crypto community, offering efficiency and 
flexibility, whilst also giving investors the desired exposure to the crypto asset class without any of the 
ongoing transactional pain points.

The Token

PG 6



THE 4 PILLARS

Based on our four pillars approach, Astronaut is aimed at investors who are time conscious or other wise 
unable to conduct their own due diligence at the rate required to access high quality pre-sales and ICOs in 
this extremely fast moving space.

EXPOSURE TO HIGH 
GRADE ICOS WITH ONE 

TOKEN

EXCHANGE 
LIQUIDITY & CAPITAL 

GAIN

QUARTERLY 
DIVIDEND 

DISTRIBUTIONS

TRANSPARENT AND 
RESEARCH BACKED 

METHODOLOGY



Astronaut has emerged from an amalgamation of cutting-edge retail and institutional research houses 
specializing in emerging markets. 

Astronaut owns and operates Picolo Research, one of the only truly independent research firms with a 
mandate to provide transparency and credibility in each report. Picolo has over 10,000 subscribers and a 
strong track record of providing timely and accurate assessments of ICO quality. 

Astronaut’s choice of participation in ICOs will be influenced by its team at Picolo Research. The team of 
analysts provides recommendations relating to investment, liquidity, position sizing and forecasted exit. 

The methodology behind our research team is detailed in the latter part of this document, however you can 
access previous research reports free of charge at www.picoloresearch.com. 

A Focus On Research And Due Diligence

Our humble beginnings in entering the crypto space were simply to provide the market with a new level of 
transparency around upcoming listings and active tokens.  

In a new ecosystem that has gained significant traction in the past 12 months, the number of fraudulent 
companies raising capital via ICOs has risen dramatically. 

Our view is that organizations such as Picolo Research and Astronaut need to be established to critique and 
question the merits of upcoming ICOs to ensure that the blockchain ecosystem is not tainted by those who 
are taking advantage of it for personal financial gain. 

Our research arm’s success in identifying high performing listings and conversely spreading awareness of 
those who are bordering as fraudulent or not suitable for investment has gained significant traction in the 
blockchain community. 

Astronaut is the evolution of this principal - providing subscribers of the platform with a completely managed 
service built on experience, trust, and transparency. 

The Need for Transparency and Credibility

PICOLO 
RESEARCH

THE LEADING INDEPENDENT 
RESEARCH HOUSE FOR BLOCKCHAIN 
ICOS

Visit us

PG 8

http://www.picoloresearch.com
https://picoloresearch.com/past


Get real-time insights into your Astronaut 
portfolio, research, and token distribution 

at the touch of a button.



THE STATE OF THE INITIAL COIN OFFERING MARKET

Initial Coin Offerings have attracted significant investment since early 2016. The true catalyst of the recent 
influx of ICOs was the press exposure surrounding Bancor. Bancor’s successful raise of ~$150m created a 
market frenzy and interest globally for this new mechanism of funding. 

The emergence of token offerings backed by Ethereum (ERC20) has been an undeniable catalyst for currency 
and token demand. Since the 400+% increase in ETH, the market has been seeking diversification strategies 
and a repeat of performance through other token classes. 

This demand is increasing rapidly. In April of 2017, over US$101m was raised through token issuance. In June, 
this number was exceeded by 100% on just one ICO (Tezos $200+m). 

Macro Market Conditions

0%

25%

50%

75%

100%

24/7/16 4/9/16 16/10/16 27/11/16 8/1/17 19/2/17 2/4/17 14/5/17 25/6/17

Outlook On The Market

Between companies seeking pre-sales and actively launched ICOs, Picolo Research estimates over ten new 
startups per day are seeking funding via the issuance of tokens. 

Whilst we acknowledge that volatility of Ethereum and Bitcoin can underpin and cause supply & demand 
imbalances for coin offerings, we forecast that funding rounds and participation amongst speculative investors 
will remain consistent. 

Both retail and institutional investors who have had previous exposure to Bitcoin or Ethereum are, in most 
cases, reinvesting their holdings as opposed to switching back into fiat currency.  

Our expectation is that this liquidity factor within the crypto ecosystem will continue to support the ICO 
market, particularly as exchanges such as Bittrex and Poloniex become more transparent and innovative with 
their infrastructure.   

0%

25%

50%

75%

100%

Jul 16 Sep 16 Nov 16 Jan 17 Mar 17 May 17 Jul 17

Private Funding vs. ICO

When identifying upcoming listings for ICO, over 72% of the companies are raising funding for the purpose of 
research and development vs. expansion capital.  

This tells us that the venture capital market and even the Seed stage market is beginning to overlap with 
token offerings, where white papers and information at hand are at ‘concept’ stage with minimal market 
research or sweat equity put in.  

Google Trends on ‘ICO’ICOs Launching On Ethereum vs Other

PG 10



As the trading of crypto currencies is still quite young (relatively speaking), certain tokens and coins are 
susceptible to significant swings and volatility. 

ICOs that are raising substantial sums of money in excess of $50m are in some instances hedging risk to 
conserve funds raised for future operating costs. The conversion of ETH in some of the larger raisings to fiat 
currency such as USD has caused various swings and large selling blocks from the period of June - Jul 2017. 

The market should be aware that these are natural occurrences and will gradually smooth out as liquidity and 
trading volume continues to rise.  

The other contributing factor is the retail usage of margin and leverage to trade. Some exchanges are 
offering leveraged facilities so retail investors can take the extra exposure. Large movements in the market 
that negatively affect these positions cause ‘forced sells’ and liquidation, even when the owner of the 
currency does not intend to exit. 

Liquidity Factors

Concluding Market Outlook

The remainder of 2017 will consist of volatility, however with the significant interest in the market and a 
movement of traditional institutional investors to diversify in crypto, our forecast is that there is an 
unprecedented opportunity to capitalize on select Initial Coin Offerings that present a commercially viable 
and sustainable roadmap that will lead to success. 

These types of companies are becoming commonplace on the ICO register and are not to deter investors in 
any way. However, a certain level of due diligence is required to ensure that funds injected are being 
appropriately allocated to the project in question. 

The largest differentiator which separates the opportunistic from the successful is the relevance of the token 
in the market, and whether or not any commercial and practical value can be extracted. Companies who 
have failed fundraising in the private market are leaning towards ICOs to fill the gap - which can at times be a 
red flag for the average prospective investor. 

You Can Learn More About Our Analysis Of The 
Market And Methodology Towards ICO 
Investment In Our Free Ebook By Picolo Research

Download

PG 11

http://ebook.picoloresearch.com/free/


INVESTMENT METHODOLOGY & MANDATE

Astronaut takes a methodical approach to investment utilizing its experience within the private equity markets 
and small-cap (pink sheets) sectors. 

With our experience in analysing concept stage and pre-revenue startups, the team bases their research 
analysis off several fundamental and technical factors such as:

Investment Methodology Of Astronaut

•  Management and team track record 
•  Structure of the token 
•  Capital spent to date 
•  Anticipated capital to be raised 
•  Use of proceeds raised 
•  Current intellectual property 

•  History of development 
•  History of commercialization 
•  Commercial viability of the project 
•  Professionalism and credibility of the organization 
•  Market demand and anticipated liquidity 
•  Company structures and incorporation

In the following pages, you will find case studies as to how the team put practice into reality. You can also 
view this methodology in action by visiting www.picoloresearch.com. 

The mandate of investment for Astronaut is focused on emerging blockchain companies that have a focus on 
and clear path towards generating value for token holders 

While this can be a broad spectrum, we are specifically focused on those which will have a liquidity event in 
the near future so as to avoid being locked up in private equity long term. 

Such examples of investment include:

Our Mandate

Active listed cryptocurrencies with sufficient liquidity 

Pre-ICO companies with a high probability of listing 

Active ICO companies that are currently raising 

Private companies that are seeking ICO within 6 months 

Private companies that are likely to be a target for M&A

The above examples are all focused on investments that are about to enter or ‘nearing’ a liquidity event in 
which profits for the platform can be crystallized as opposed to taking a long term private equity position. 

Our analysts utilize a number of algorithms and API feeds to screen and shortlist all upcoming ICOs. From this 
point forward, our shortlist is examined, researched and calculated using a scoring system developed 
internally.

PG 12

http://www.picoloresearch.com


Astronaut’s focus is to take accumulated exposure in assets that are deemed as liquid or have a high certainty 
of a liquidity event within six months from the time of investment. The liquidity factor allows Astronaut to 
crystallize profits on a consistent basis rather than the traditional private equity and venture capital method 
where the average payout is 4-6 years during incubation and acceleration. 

In light of this requirement, Astronaut ensures that each investment at the ICO or pre-ICO stage has a 
significant likelihood to successfully raise the remainder of funds required to support their operational 
strategy moving forward. 

We strategically wait for signals within the funding period that would suggest a probability of 75+% of 
complete funding success of their projects. 

Liquidity And Successful Funding Requirements

The rationale behind this methodology is that ‘under-funded’ companies in the ICO market with no minimum 
cap will not have enough capital to commercialize their project. This creates a significant risk to speculative 
investors. 

Management Team Interview & Due Diligence

From time to time, when Astronaut feels that there are aspects of an investment that raise questions or 
require clarity, we may personally contact the management team for a due diligence interview. This process is 
standard within PE investment and venture capital, and we believe it is equally if not more important for 
evaluating companies in the cryptocurrency space. 

Transparency Of Investment Process

Astronaut seeks to be as transparent as possible about prospective investments. In light of this, we are 
launching a portfolio tracker application through which we will provide live updates on new transactions and 
make the underlying research by Picolo available to Astronaut investors. 

You can view more about the Astronaut Portfolio Tracker in the latter pages.  

ASTRONAUT’S MANDATE IS 
NOT FOCUSED ON LONG 
TERM PRIVATE EQUITY OR 

VENTURE FUNDING. 
ASTRONAUT SEEKS TO ONLY 
DEPLOY CAPITAL IN ASSETS 

THAT ARE NEARING A 
LIQUIDITY EVENT

PG 13



FORECAST PERFORMANCE & RETURN METRICS

Based on Astronaut’s market analysis and the trading activity of Initial Coin Offerings over a period of three 
years, it is evident that token investment (predominantly at initial offer) generates returns significantly higher 
than that of Venture Capital and the S&P500 benchmark. 

Even utilizing a diversified token investment approach (and taking into account a substantial amount of tokens 
that do not appreciate), CAGR is roughly 16%, compared to 10% and 6% for VCs and the equities market 
respectively.

Overview Of Performance And Market Valuation Metrics

0%

4%

8%

12%

16%

ICO VC SP500
0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

0-1x 1-5x 5-10x 10-20x 20-50x 50x+

It should be noted with the preceding that this takes into account a large amount of failures or stagnant ICOs 
that have achieved a 0-1x market return.

Utilizing Research And Analysis To Enhance Market Returns

While market returns are significant for some ICOs, it is evident that selection and filtering of high-conviction 
investments makes a material difference in the average investor return when trading in a diversified manner. 

To date, over 10% of ICOs have a return which is greater than 10x of the initial investment. Almost 6% will 
achieve a return multiple of 20-50x. 

Such return multiples when averaged out across several hundred tokens present an unparalleled opportunity 
to capitalize on future growth and appreciation of upcoming ICOs.  

Through its proprietary scanning, filtering, and analysis process provided by Picolo Research, Astronaut seeks 
to maintain a 30% success rate in securing those investments which provide a 5+x return. 

As an example of our target fund performance for the initial quarter, we provide some of the conservative 
metrics used to calculate net ROI for the fund below. 

ROI of Investment Category Standard Market ROI of ICOs Over 12 months

*Information current as of May 2017 
PG 14



ASTRONAUT QUARTERLY PERFORMANCE

Over the last quarter, Astronaut has completed public due diligence reports on twelve new Initial Coin 
Offerings which have satisfied its filtering and market-scanning process. Out of the twelve ICO due diligence 
reports, four of them have been disregarded as ‘Avoid’ based on further analysis. 

The remaining eight companies have been recommended and invested into at varying levels of exposure as 
outlines within each report. 

An Analysis Of Astronauts Previous Performance

Company Icon Date Code Advice Status Due Diligence

True Flip 28 Jun TFL Spec Buy Awaiting Listing View report here

Skin Coin 21 Jun SKIN Avoid Awaiting Listing View report here

Dao.Casino 28 Jun BET Spec Buy Awaiting Listing View report here

Tezos 01 Jul XTZ Spec Buy Awaiting Listing View report here

InsureX 11 Jul IXT Avoid Listed View report here

Giga Watt 02 Jun WTT Spec Buy Awaiting Listing View report here

Dent 12 Jul DENT Avoid Awaiting Listing View report here

District 0x 18 Jul DNT Spec Buy Listed View report here

Everex 24 Jul EVX Spec Buy Awaiting Listing View report here

Rex MLS 31 July REX Avoid Awaiting Listing View report here

0x Project 15 Aug ZRX Buy Listed View report here

Enigma 01 Sep ENG Spec Buy Ongoing View report here

Active Listings Vs Secondary Markets

When an ICO completes and raises funds, it can take anywhere between 1 week and 12 months for it to be 
available on a primary exchange such as Bittrex and Poloniex. Our mandate is to focus the majority of our 
efforts in identifying those opportunities that are due to list within a period of 3 months. 

In addition to primary exchanges, there are also secondary markets, referred to as IOU organisations that are 
trading a derivative of the token which has not yet listed. Such exchanges include HITBTC and EtherDelta. 
For the purpose of analysing performance, we have chosen not to take these ‘pre-stage’ listings into 
consideration due to a lack of real market data. 

List Of Astronaut Investments And Due Diligence Reports

PG 15

https://picoloresearch.com/2/true-flip-tfl/attachment
https://picoloresearch.com/3/skincoin-skin/attachment
https://picoloresearch.com/6/dao-casino-bet/attachment
https://picoloresearch.com/7/tezos-xtz/attachment
https://picoloresearch.com/9/insurex-ixt/attachment
https://picoloresearch.com/10/giga-watt-wtt/attachment
https://picoloresearch.com/13/dent-dent/attachment
https://picoloresearch.com/15/district0x-dnt/attachment
https://picoloresearch.com/16/everex-evx/attachment
https://picoloresearch.com/21/rex-mls-rex/attachment
https://picoloresearch.com/22/0x-project-zrx/attachment
https://picoloresearch.com/23/enigma-catalyst-eng/attachment


Of the eight investments that we have deployed capital in over the last quarter, two of them have listed on 
major exchanges and are available for public trading. The remaining six are all scheduled to commence 
trading in the coming months, however they are also currently listed on secondary markets and available to 
trade over-the-counter (OTC).

Performance Of Listed Investments And Realised Returns

Company Icon Date Code Advice Entry Price Today % Return

District 0x 18 Jul DNT Spec Buy $0.018 $0.12 +566%

0x Project 15 Aug ZRX Buy $0.05 $0.34 +580%

Performance Of Astronaut Listed Investments In Last Quarter - Aug 31

0X Project (Zrx)

0x is a protocol aimed at allowing for the decentralized exchange of ERC20 tokens 
between users using Ethereum smart contracts. Decentralized exchanges are a core 
piece of the Ethereum ecosystem and will be required for a variety of already funded 
projects to complete their roadmaps. Our analysis found it difficult to place any  
significant weaknesses on the company. 

View the research report here

District 0X (Dnt)

The district0x Network is a collective of decentralized marketplaces and communities 
(districts) powered by Ethereum, Aragon, and IPFS. Our analysis was extremely bullish on 
the token in light of the development work to date, management team and commercial 
roadmap. 

View the research report here

$0

$0.075

$0.15

$0.225

$0.3

Aug-03 Aug-09 Aug-15 Aug-21 Aug-27

Ico Entry Point
Aug 30 Liquidation +560%

$0

$0.125

$0.25

$0.375

$0.5

Aug 15 Aug 18 Aug 21 Aug 24 Aug 27 Aug 30

Ico Entry 
Point

Aug 30 Liquidation +580%

PG 16

https://picoloresearch.com/22/0x-project-zrx/attachment
https://picoloresearch.com/upload/attachment/65127.pdf


RESEARCH & ANALYSIS (PICOLO RESEARCH)

One of Astronaut’s major unique value propositions is the ownership of Picolo Research, the leading research 
house and ratings agency for initial coin offerings world wide. 

Picolo Research provides institutional grade research reports and analysis relating to upcoming and active 
ICOs for over 10,000 investors. Our reports have been featured in publications worldwide and are known for 
their transparency and independency. Picolo Research does not accept remuneration or compensation for the 
preparation of any research. 

Integrating Top-Tier Blockchain Due Diligence With Funds Management

The investment methodology employed by Picolo is derived from its experience in venture capital, initial 
public offerings and pink sheets analysis. 

Our team takes a methodical approach to analysis, focusing on the entire spectrum of company listing 
including commercial viability, management audits, deal structure, technical due diligence and roadmap 
commercialisation. 

While we can write extensively about our internal process, the best form of discovery and verification is to 
refer to our existing track record which has been made publicly available. 

In addition to this, Picolo Research published a short eBook recently which was a high level overview for retail 
investors seeking to learn more about analysis of ICOs.

Picolo Research Investment Methodology

Following the completion of the Astronaut token sale, Picolo Research will work exclusively for the benefit of 
Astronaut and its token holders. 

The research and analysis produced by Picolo will be the direct influence over the transactional process of 
investment. 

Picolo Research will, from time to time, publish its research openly for the public (non-token holders) in a 
delayed manner to continue to create transparency of offerings in the blockchain ecosystem. 

Subscribers to Astronaut will receive the research in real-time, advising them of the trade and investment 
structure that we will be completing on their behalf. 

Picolo Research (Post Token Sale)

PICOLO 
RESEARCH

LEARN ABOUT OUR ANALYSIS 
TECHNIQUES IN THE ICO MARKET

View now

PG 17

https://picoloresearch.com/past




CAPITAL ALLOCATION AND DEPLOYMENT

Astronaut employs a diversified strategy across new token offerings, existing altcoins, liquid cryptocurrencies 
and fiat. 

Although this strategy means an allocation across four separate segments in the market, it is explicitly geared 
towards achieving exponential growth and income. 

• 50% of the allocation is reserved for pre, active and post ICO investment where capital gain is generally at 
its most significant stage. 

• 25% of the allocation is reserved for holding of existing highly liquid altcoins and/or cryptocurrencies such 
as Ethererum or Bitcoin. 

• 25% is reserved for capital requirements and liquidity during times of market volatility in the form of a 
Reserve Fund and fixed fiat assets. 

While the mandate allows the vast majority of funding to be used for ICOs, it will at most times transition 
between ICO and active Altcoin as the tokens get listed across various exchanges. 

A Diversified Investment Allocation Focused On Growth

Astronaut is focused on two components of investment: capital growth and income. With this in mind, our 
investment strategists have developed an allocation which provides a 60/40 split of short term, liquidity 
focused token offerings vs longer term altcoin investment for fundamental-driven capital gain. 

Position Sizing And Deployment Of Capital

Metric Expected

Fund size ~$30,000,000

Number of investments per quarter 8

Average investment value (ICO) USD$450,000

Period of hold (short term) 1 month - 6 months

Period of hold (long term) 1+ year

Short/Long Term Allocation

Trade Size/Frequency Criteria

ICO Investment Listed Altcoins
Fixed Assets Reserve Fund

Investment Allocation

Short Term Long Term

PG 19



DIVIDENDS AND EXCHANGE LIQUIDITY

As part of the Astronaut income strategy, holders of the token are entitled to receive quarterly dividends 
based on the performance of realised investments over that period.  

The breakup of the distribution is as follows: 

• 50% of ‘realised’ profits via Astronaut investment activities will be credited back to the token holder in ETH 
on a quarterly basis 

• 40% of the profit will be reinvested into Astronaut, therefore expanding assets under management (AUM) 
and appreciating the token price of ASTRO 

• 10% of the profit each quarter will be used to fund the ongoing operation of Astronaut and its investment 
activities (legal, auditing, analysis)

Distribution Of Performance Bonus Via Dividend Contract

Astronaut will be issuing ASTRO Tokens (ASTRO) to its token holders after the initial coin offering. Our 
expectation is that ASTRO will be tradable on the exchange (Poloniex) within six weeks of issue. Investment 
will begin as soon as the ICO has completed in order to get ahead of the market. 

Based on performance of our previous investment efforts, recommendations, market comparisons and 
outlook in the short term, we anticipate significant growth and appreciation of ASTRO stating November 
2017. 

Exchange Tradable Astro Tokens

$0

$0.75

$1.5

$2.25

$3

22/9/17 1/10/17 10/10/17 19/10/17 28/10/17 6/11/17 15/11/17 24/11/17 3/12/17

Target Token Appreciation

Pre sale price 
ICO price Distribution 

Exchange listed 

Growth 2017 

Quarterly Distribution Ratio

Dividend Income Reinvestment
Performance

PG 20



Incoming ETH to token holder

Quarterly Distribution of Dividends

MyEtherWallet Hardware Wallet

Token Holder ETH Address

Approved Exchange

DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION

The Astronaut smart contract ensures that token holders are rewarded on a quarterly basis for their ongoing 
investment in ASTRO. All token holders will be prompted to download the Astronaut Portfolio Tracker so they 
are notified of the incoming dividend amount and date. 

Astronaut will also be launching its own wallet that will be integrated with the Portfolio Tracker. This 
functionality is expected to launch in January 2018.

Seamless Distribution Of Performance Income

OR OR



ASTRONAUT PORTFOLIO TRACKER

Astronaut is developing an intuitive and detailed portfolio tracking system, allowing investors to quickly gain 
transparency of the Assets Under Management (AUM), transactions and dividend periods at the push of a 
button. 

The application will be the knowledge base for investors seeking to gain an understanding of potential 
investment decisions that Astronaut will be making.

Arming Our Investors With Knowledge And Updates On Demand

The Astronaut Portfolio Tracker

The application alerts investors of the details regarding quarterly dividend distribution including the amount, 
yield, highest/lowest performers and the expected date of receipt.

Upcoming Dividend Notifier

Dividend Notifier

While the Astro Tokens will be traded publicly, the Astronaut Portfolio Tracker will calculate AUM on a periodic 
basis to determine the true underlying value of each Astro token. While there may be a small pricing disparity due 
to outside factors (either higher or lower in the public market), this AUM calculation will give a true indication of 
token value.

Daily And Weekly AUM Balancing

The application allows investors to access the underlying research and investment methodology that was used in 
the process of each transaction. This research is conducted by our internal team at Picolo Research. Investors will 
be notified each time there is a new report, commentary or analysis uploaded on the application. 

Research And Analysis

When Astronaut places a new transaction, alerts are sent to the investor through the Portfolio Tracker. This will also 
detail the exposure that is set as a (%) of the overall AUM.

Transaction Notifier

A live feed of the Astro Token public price will be available via data feeds from the exchanges (Bittrex and 
Poloniex). This will show market history and bid/offer spread.

Public Token Pricing

PG 22



AUDITING AND SECURITY

Astronaut is focused on providing our token holders with the right tools and platforms to evaluate 
transactions, portfolio performance, liquidity levels and dividends on demand. We believe trust can only 
come in the form of complete transparency in the decentralised ecosystem. 

In light of this, Astronaut is implementing several new standards to ensure that safety, security and accuracy is 
always paramount to our operations.

Setting A New Standard Of Open Auditing And Transparency

Exchange Selection Which Satisfies Proof Of Solvency

Astronaut is committed to only using exchanges that can satisfy the Proof of Solvency test (PoS) . 
This ensures specific liquidity and reserve fund requirements that give piece of mind to investors and 
institutions dealing with exchange platforms. To date, there is a select number of exchanges on our approved 
list such as Kraken and Poloniex.

Open API For Viewing And Account Auditing

Astronaut will establish viewer access APIs to provide the highest degree of transparency regarding fund 
allocation, holdings and current investments. 

Holders of the token will have access to a real-time view of every investment, in every exchange on demand.

Fiat Account Transparency

As a certain portion of funds remain in fiat for liquidity reserves, Astronaut will be implementing a viewer 
access portal linked direct to the bank API for on-demand access to fiat balances and incoming/outgoing 
transactions.

External Auditing

In addition to providing complete open viewing access of all accounting and investment activity, Astronaut 
will employ external auditors to ensure absolute certainty and transparency in its practices, particularly 
regarding quarterly income distribution to token holders.

PG 23



Reporting database

Astronaut Capital Deployment

Fiat Banking API Exchange API

Portfolio Tracker AppAstronaut Web Portal

External Audit Check

OPEN APIS FOR VERIFICATION OF FUNDS, 

BALANCE SHEET AND TRANSACTIONS

DATA SECURELY DISTRIBUTED TO ASTRONAUT 

INVESTOR PLATFORMS

Auditing flow



TOKEN ALLOCATION AND USE OF PROCEEDS

Astronaut believes that the power of the tokens lies with their holders, which will continue to provide the 
demand, support and liquidity within the ecosystem. In light of this, all tokens, bar a small percentage, will be 
offered to the market, with the remainder used as an incentive for the Investment Committee (IC) who are 
actively researching and executing the opportunities. 

There will be 30,000,000 tokens issued as a one-off. After this time, there will be no more tokens issued.

Token Sale Of ASTRO And Allocation 

• 88% of tokens will be released to the market for crowd sale 
• 11% of tokens will be held by the management team and its investment committee (IC) as performance 

incentives (subject to vesting) 
• 1% will be paid to advisors and developers on completion of the ICO

Any tokens that are not sold through the crowd sale or allocated as per above will be burned. In this instance, 
ICO investors will receive a lower entry price proportional to the amount of tokens remaining.

Leftover Tokens Will Be Burned

The management team is subject to a staged vesting period starting at 12 months, and decreasing by 15% 
every quarter. The investment committee (IC) is subject to a staged vesting period starting at 6 months, and 
decreasing by 25% every quarter.

Vesting Periods

As Astronaut is a close-ended fund structure, it will be subject to certain operating costs for the life of the 
token. In light of this, there will be a small allocation of funds to be used over time to pay for operating 
expenses, investment analysts and the completion of its Astronaut Portfolio Tracker apps and auditing tools.

Operating Costs And Development Of Portfolio Infrastructure

• 92% of funds will be deployed strictly into investment to achieve token holder income and capital growth 
• 8% of funds will be utilised for ongoing operating costs (auditing, legal, terminals) including the completion 

of our portfolio tools for token holders. This portion from the initial sale is budgeted to last for the life of 
the token. 

• *2% additional management fee will apply per annum for the ongoing administration of the Astronaut 
platform (this will only come into effect after the initial 12 months to assist with any extra operating costs)

30m

Token Distribution

Investment OPEX

Opex Over Time

Crowsale Investment Committee

PG 25



TOKEN SALE & TIMELINE

STAGE 1 
PRE SALE (30%)

STAGE 2 
BONUS (20%)

STAGE 3 
BONUS (10%)

STAGE 4 - FINAL

EXCHANGE LISTING

ASTRONAUT APP

Pre sale subscribers to ASTRO 
will receive a 30% discount on 
t o k e n s . A m a x i m u m o f 
3,000,000 tokens wil l be 
available for pre sale

When the official token sale 
opens, subscribers will be 
entitled to a 20% discount for 
a maximum of 7,000,000 
tokens

At the commencement of 
stage 3 subscribers will be 
entitled to a 10% discount for 
a maximum of 10,000,000 
tokens At stage 4, the remaining 

6,400,000 tokens wil l be 
available for purchase at $1 
per ASTRO. Following this, the 
token sale will close

FIRST DIVIDEND

We anticipate ASTRO to be 
tradable within six weeks of 
the completion of the token 
sale

Release of the Astronaut 
portfolio tracker

Token holders receive their first 
dividend for 2017

Astronaut is utilizing a whitelist process which stages pre-sale offerings and bonus rounds to provide investors 
with enhanced and discounted ownership for early-stage contribution. 

The initial bonus round has been offered to long time users of the Picolo Research platform and will further 
expand to the general public prior to the ICO. 

The dates listed below are subject to change based on token demand at each stage of the sale.

SEP 
20

SEP 
25

SEP 
30

OCT 
05

NOV 
15

DEC 
1

DEC 
30

Anticipated Timeline (Subject To Change Based On Token Demand)

PG 26



THE TEAM

Astronaut consists of a specialized and hand picked team who have significant experience across a magnitude 
of different market sectors. Our management team and investment committee come from a unique blend of 
private equity management, venture capital, equities markets advisory and emerging market analysis. 

This experience has made Astronaut what it is today - a unique platform focused on providing the best of 
cryptocurrency opportunities to its token holders. Astronaut has also strategically separated duties of its key 
personnel, creating both a management team and an investment committee (IC) similar to that of a traditional 
investment fund. 

A Diversified Team With An Extensive Track Record In Capital Markets And Blockchain Development

Management Team And Investment Committee

Matthew is a capital markets and technology professional with a track record across investment banking, venture capital, venture 
development and equities market research. 

He is the director of Wise-owl, a small cap analysis firm specialising in emerging companies (pink sheets) as well as the owner of Picolo 
Research, a new ratings agency and research firm of Initial Coin Offerings and active cryptocurrencies. 

Matthew has had a number of successful exits including the takeover of Incipient IT, a venture development firm focused on disruptive 
B2C and B2B technology. 

Since 2014, Matthew has been active in the blockchain marketplace both on a personal level and in various consulting positions for 
investment.

Matthew Dibb - Founder (Pilot & Commander)

Simon Heikkila is a seasoned operations and product specialist focused on research and development of consumer and enterprise 
grade applications. For the past five years, Simon has actively been involved in the development and launch of several fin-tech related 
SaaS platforms focused on SME and enterprise level organisations. 

Simon comes from an academic and research driven background, and has diverse experience in creating streamlined operational 
processes to increase efficiency of product development teams. 

Astronaut will be utilising Simon’s experience in operational analysis and completion of due diligence for prospective investments, as 
well as overseeing the ongoing development of our investor portfolio platforms.

Simon Heikkila - Research & Operations (Mission Specialist)

Michael is the founder and CEO of MLG Blockchain, a development and consultancy firm specialising in blockchain 
solutions. Michael has assisted a range of clients from startups to Fortune 500 companies in developing their blockchain 
strategy. Michael is also on the Board of Directors of Bitcoin & Blockchain Alliance Canada as well as the Board of Advisors 
of the Blockchain Education Network. Michael has been a technical writer for Bitcoin Magazine since 2014. 

Michael provides significant value to Astronaut through our research and analysis efforts in identifying potential 
investments on behalf of token holders.

Michael Gord - Blockchain Developer & Analyst (Flight Engineer)

PG 27



Scott Moore is a data scientist with 4+ years of experience in fintech related investment analysis. Scott has been actively involved in the 
blockchain ecosystem since 2015 as an investor, advisor, and co-founder of projects including VEX, a DAO management ecosystem, 
and GitToken. Scott is also the founder of Finnovate, a fintech software consultancy.  

Scott has been an integral part of Astronaut’s internal research team, Picolo Research, and will continue to benefit Astronaut by 
providing detailed due diligence of upcoming investment opportunities relating to Initial Coin Offerings.

Scott Moore - Blockchain Research (Flight Engineer)

Roman is a senior developer with 8+ years of experience in development of enterprise grade systems. Roman has worked on behalf of 
several Fortune 500 companies across the US, UK, Europe and Asia. Roman brings a strong track record to Astronaut having previously 
worked in development of complex data systems, algorithms and security. Roman is utilised as a technical due diligence officer to 
analyse prospective investments intellectual property and market application. 

His development experience has also assisted in creation of the Astronaut Portfolio Tracker and token holder platforms.

Roman Volkov - Technical Analyst (Flight Engineer)

Jon is a renowned designer, marketer and growth hacker, having started and exited several companies in his 20+ years of experience 
in technology innovation. His previous experience is predominantly fintech, utilised as the lead consultant for various banking 
applications in the USA and SE Asia. 

Jon was also the designer and product manager of CoinSimple, a bitcoin ecommerce and wallet solution. He plays an integral part in 
development and design of the Astronaut infrastructure, technology and ongoing operations.

Jon Myers - Growth Hacker & Designer (International Mission Specialist)

Ambisafe provide the technical infrastructure and assistance in developing the ERC20 contract that Astronaut utilises. The team play 
an integral role in the development of our core technology including the dividend component of ETH distribution. Ambisafe will also 
be assisting in an advisory capacity for the token sale of ASTRO. 

Ambisafe

MLG Blockchain provide development and consulting services in addition to detailed technical due diligence. MLG will be assisting 
Astronaut in a research and advisory capacity. 

MLG Blockchain

Key Operational Partners

PG 28





CONTACT US

Astronaut Capital

www.astronaut.capital 

admin@astronaut.capital 

@astronautcap 

@astronautcap 

PG 30

http://www.astronaut.capital
mailto:admin@astronaut.capital?subject=


IMPORTANT NOTICES 

GENERAL 

PLEASE READ THIS NOTICE SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED “DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY”, “NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES”, 
“REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU”, “CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS”, “MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO 
CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS”, “NO ADVICE”, “NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE”, “RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION”, “NO OFFER 
OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION” AND “RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES” CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD 
CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). 

The ASTRO tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not 
intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on 
any advice to sell, or any solicitation of any offer by the distributor/vendor of the ASTRO tokens (the “Distributor”) to purchase any ASTRO tokens nor shall it or any part of it 
nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision. 

Any agreement as between the Distributor and you as a purchaser, and in relation to any sale and purchase, of ASTRO tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be 
governed by only a separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the “T&Cs”) of such agreement. In the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this 
Whitepaper, the former shall prevail. 

You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any ASTRO tokens in the Astronaut Initial Token Sale (as referred to in this Whitepaper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax or 
otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America, the People’s Republic of China,  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of 
China, the Republic of Singapore. 

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory 
requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or 
rules have been complied with. 
There are risks and uncertainties associated with Astronaut and/or the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the ASTRO tokens, the Astronaut Initial Token 
Sale any other operation (each as referred to in this Whitepaper). 

This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or 
restricted. 

No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this section. and the following sections entitled “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No 
Representations and Warranties”, “Representations and Warranties By You”, “Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking Statements”, “Market and Industry Information and No 
Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No Advice”, “No Further Information or Update”, “Restrictions On Distribution and Dissemination”, “No Offer of Securities Or 
Registration” and “Risks and Uncertainties”. 

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY 

To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Astronaut and/or the Distributor shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, 
consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or 
in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you. 

NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY ASTRONAUT 

Astronaut and/or the Distributor does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or 
person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU 

By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant to Astronaut and/or the 
Distributor as follows: 
(a) you agree and acknowledge that the ASTRO tokens do not constitute securities in any form in any jurisdiction; 
(b) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities in 
any jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in securities and you are not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form 
of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper; 
(c) you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under 
the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, 
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with; 
(d) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion of the Astronaut Initial Token Sale, or future trading of the ASTRO tokens on any 
cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of the Astronaut and/or the Distributor, the ASTRO tokens, the 
Astronaut Initial Token Sale. 
(e) the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable 
laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions at 
your own expense and without liability to Astronaut and/or the Distributor; 
(f)  you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any ASTRO tokens, the ASTRO tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as: 
(i) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency; 
(ii) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (whether Astronaut and/or the Distributor) 
(iii) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;  
(iv) units in a collective investment scheme; 
(v) units in a business trust; 
(vi) derivatives of units in a business trust; or 
(vii) any other security or class of securities. 
(g)  you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to purchase any ASTRO tokens if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the 
United States of America, the People’s Republic of China, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China, or a citizen or resident of the 
Republic of Singapore; 
(h) you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, 
blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology;

DISCLAIMER

PG 31



(i) you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any ASTRO tokens, there are risks associated with Astronaut and the Distributor and their respective 
business and operations, the ASTRO tokens, the Astronaut Initial Token Sale. 
(j) you agree and acknowledge that neither Astronaut nor the Distributor is liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or 
otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper 
or any part thereof by you; and 
(k) rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss; 
(l) all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non- misleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this Whitepaper 
or such part thereof (as the case may be). 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by Astronaut and/or the 
Distributor or their respective directors, executive officers or employees acting on behalf of Astronaut or the Distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements of historical fact, 
constitute “forward- looking statements”. Some of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, 
“expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”, “project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of 
identifying forward-looking statements. All statements regarding Astronaut’s and/or the Distributor’s financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future 
prospects of the industry which Astronaut and/or the Distributor is in are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements as to 
Astronaut and/or the Distributor’s revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding Astronaut 
and/or the Distributor are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. 

These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Astronaut 
and/or the Distributor to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These 
factors include, amongst others: 
(a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment in the countries in which Astronaut and/or the Distributor 
conducts its respective businesses and operations; 
(b) the risk that Astronaut and/or the Distributor may be unable or execute or implement their respective business strategies and future plans; 
(c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; 
(d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of Astronaut and/or the Distributor; 
(e) changes in the availability and fees payable to Astronaut and/or the Distributor in connection with their respective businesses and operations; 
(f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by Astronaut and/or the Distributor to operate their respective businesses and operations; 
(g) changes in preferences of customers of Astronaut and/or the Distributor; 
(h) changes in competitive conditions under which Astronaut and/or the Distributor operate, and the ability of Astronaut and/or the Distributor to compete under such conditions; 
(i) changes in the future capital needs of Astronaut and/or the Distributor and the availability of financing and capital to fund such needs; 
(j)  war or acts of international or domestic terrorism; 
(k) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the businesses and/or operations of Astronaut and/or the Distributor; 
(l) other factors beyond the control of Astronaut and/or the Distributor; and 
(m) any risk and uncertainties associated with Astronaut and/or the Distributor and their businesses and operations, the ASTRO tokens, the Astronaut Initial Token Sale. 

All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to Astronaut and/or the Distributor or persons acting on behalf of Astronaut and/or the Distributor are expressly qualified in 
their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Astronaut and/or the Distributor to be 
materially different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Whitepaper, undue reliance must not be placed on these statements. These 
forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper. 

Neither Astronaut, the Distributor nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance or achievements of Astronaut and/or the 
Distributor will be as discussed in those forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or achievements of Astronaut and/or the Distributor may differ materially from 
those anticipated in these forward- looking statements. 

Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance or policies of Astronaut and/or the Distributor. 
Further, Astronaut and/or the Distributor disclaim any responsibility to update any of those forward- looking statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking 
statements to reflect future developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future. 

MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS 

This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, as well as market 
research, publicly available information and industry publications. Such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that 
the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such included 
information. 

Save for Astronaut, the Distributor and their respective directors, executive officers and employees, no person has provided his or her consent to the inclusion of his or her name and/
or other information attributed or perceived to be attributed to such person in connection therewith in this Whitepaper and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported 
to be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information by such person and such persons shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same. 

While Astronaut and/or the Distributor have taken reasonable actions to ensure that the information is extracted accurately and in its proper context, Astronaut and/or the Distributor 
have not conducted any independent review of the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy or completeness of such information or ascertained the 
underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, neither Astronaut, the Distributor, nor their respective directors, executive officers and employees acting on their 
behalf makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same. 

TERMS USED 

To facilitate a better understanding of the ASTRO tokens being offered for purchase by the Distributor, and the businesses and operations of Astronaut and/or the Distributor, certain 
technical terms and abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have been used in this Whitepaper. These descriptions and assigned meanings should not be 
treated as being definitive of their meanings and may not correspond to standard industry meanings or usage. 
Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and 
neuter genders and vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations.

PG 32



NO ADVICE 

No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice regarding Astronaut, the Distributor, the ASTRO tokens, the Astronaut 
Initial Token Sale. You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser regarding Astronaut and/or the Distributor and their respective businesses and 
operations, the ASTRO tokens, the Astronaut Initial Token Sale. You should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of ASTRO tokens for an 
indefinite period of time. 

NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE 

No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained in this Whitepaper in connection with Astronaut and/or the Distributor and their 
respective businesses and operations, the ASTRO tokens, the Astronaut Initial Token Sale and, if given, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by or on behalf of Astronaut and/or the Distributor. The Astronaut Initial Token Sale (as referred to in the Whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, 
constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or implication that there has been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve a material change in 
the affairs, conditions and prospects of Astronaut and/or the Distributor or in any statement of fact or information contained in this Whitepaper since the date hereof. 

RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION 

The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the 
case where any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper or such part 
thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to Astronaut and/or the Distributor. 

Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not 
circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the 
same to occur. 

NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION 

This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in 
securities in any jurisdiction. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on 
the basis of this Whitepaper. Any agreement in relation to any sale and purchase of ASTRO tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only the T&Cs of 
such agreement and no other document. In the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail. 

You are not eligible to purchase any ASTRO tokens in the Astronaut Initial Token Sale (as referred to in this Whitepaper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green 
card holder of the United States of America or a citizen or resident of the Republic of Singapore. 

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory 
requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or 
rules have been complied with. 

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 

Prospective purchasers of ASTRO tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with Astronaut, the 
Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the ASTRO tokens, the Astronaut Initial Token Sale, all information set out in this Whitepaper and the T&Cs prior to 
any purchase of ASTRO tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of 
Astronaut and/or the Distributor could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the ASTRO tokens. 

PG 33


