






































WHITEPAPER
Revision 1 / June 8, 2017 



Contents

WHITEPAPER

Contents
 
1. Abstract
 
2. Key technologies
 
2.1. Proof-of-stake
2.1.1. Comparison with POW and DPOS
2.1.2. Encryption
2.1.3. Blocks and block creation
2.1.4. Coins and forging process
2.1.5. Nodes
2.1.6. Transactions: fees and processing time
 
2.2. Segwit
2.2.1. Overview
2.2.2. Security
2.2.3. Block size and network capacity
2.2.4. Malleability and smart contracts
2.2.5. Lightning network
 
3. Key features
 
3.1. Wallet 
3.2. Cloud mining 
3.3. Low energy consumption 
3.4. Agility and cost-efficiency
 
4. Risks and risk management
 
4.1. Security: attacks and hard forks 
4.2. Inflation 
4.3. Centralization 
 
5. Conclusion



Abstract

WHITEPAPER 1
P
A
G
E

1. Abstract
 
A sharp rise in price and usage of Bitcoin as well and other cryptocyrrencies as 
Ethereum, Ripple, NEM, Litecoin, Dash, Monero, and others—has shown the 
world that the global financial system is more than prepared for a change that 
will take it to another level where transparency and decentralization will 
become the main pillars of its growth. 
 
However, such a rapid upward trend in popularity of cryptocurrencies came 
with its drawbacks that may hinder further development of the digital 
decentralized currencies: increasing number of attacks and forks that cause 
double spending and jeopardize the network security, limited number of 
available coins and complexity of coin mining, higher transaction processing 
time and transaction fees, price fluctuations and plunges1, centralization 
concerns, lack of malleability within the network and so on.
 
ATB Coin is a balanced DPOS cryptocurrency that successfully tackles the 
abovementioned issues by leveraging the most helpful features of 
Proof-of-stake algorithm and makes it even more efficient, flexible, and agile 
due to the use of SegWit technology.

1http://www.businessinsider.com/bitcoin-price-blows-past-2500-2600-and-2700-2017-5



Abstract

WHITEPAPER 2
P
A
G
E

“Imagine a technology that could preserve our freedom to choose for 
ourselves and our families, to express these choices in the world, and to control 
our own destiny, no matter where we lived or were born. What new tools and 
new jobs could we create with those capabilities? What new business and 
services? How should we think about the opportunities? The answers were 
right in front of us, compliments of Satoshi Nakamoto.”
 
From Blockchain Revolution: How the Technology Behind Bitcoin Is Changing Money, Business, and the World 
by Don Tapscott and Alex Tapscott2

2https://www.amazon.com/Blockchain-Revolution-Technology-Changing-Business/dp/1101980133



Key technologies

WHITEPAPER 3
P
A
G
E

2. Key technologies
 
ATB Coin incorporates the (best/ most popular)features of DPOS based 
cryptocurrencies together with the advantages of SegWit technology 
capabilities
 
In ATB Coin users will be able to obtain decentralization, transparency, privacy, 
cost-efficiency and low energy consumption, ease of use, and network 
participation incentives work in line with enhanced security, doubling of the 
network capacity, smart contracts, lightweight wallet, and cloud mining in 
order to provide people from all over the world a worthwhile, stable, and more 
pliable way of handling their financial needs.



DPOS / Comparison with POW and DPOS

WHITEPAPER 4
P
A
G
E

2.1. DPOS
 
The first cryptocurrencies based on Proof-of-stake algorithm, or POS, appeared 
in 2012 with Peercoin, followed by Emercoin in 2013, and Nxt and BlackCoin in 
2014. Just like in every other cryptocurrency blockchain algorithm. The main 
aim(objective) of cryptocurrency blockchain algorithm as well as POS is to 
achieve the distributed consensus within the network that is comprised of a 
massive number of nodes.
 
POS algorithm was developed as a more eco-friendly, resource efficient, and 
secure alternative to cryptocurrencies based on Proof-of-work algorithm, or 
POW, that require massive amounts of energy in order to maintain the proper 
functioning and growth of the network.
 
Coin of cryptocurrencies which are based on POS are created through staking, 
or simply forged. In other words, all nodes in the network that possess any 
amount of coins in their wallet and keep the node online are automatically 
included in the coin forging pool and are therefore eligible to create and sign 
blocks, ensuring that the distributed consensus is achieved.
 
In May 2017 the world’s second largest cryptocurrency, Ethereum, announced3 
that it will make a transition to Proof-of-stake algorithm by the end of 2017.
 

2.1.1. Comparison between POW and DPOS
 
As it has been mentioned above, the only thing that nodes within a POS 
cryptocurrency need to do to maintain the security of the network and be 
eligible to earn is to have a certain amount of coins in their wallet and keep 
their PC online.
 
This mechanism—which both excludes the human factor so notable in POW 
and DPOS from the mining/forging process and helps avoid spending massive 
amounts of electricity on creating coins—is the backbone and the most laconic 
property of Proof-of-stake algorithm.
 
But apart from Proof-of-stake, there are two other algorithms that are used in 
cryptocurrency blockchains, Proof-of-work and Delegated Proof-of-stake, which 
are both meant to help blockchain reach

3http://www.coindesk.com/ethereums-big-switch-the-new-roadmap-to-proof-of-stake/



Comparison with POW and DPOS

WHITEPAPER 5
P
A
G
E

a distributed consensus and this way maintain the integrity of the network.
 
Distributed consensus, is a term which is used in computer science and 
cryptocurrencies, should be interpreted as a mutual consensus between all 
members of a cryptocurrency, or its users, on whether the data about 
transaction in the last block is valid. If this is the case, the distributed 
consensus will be achieved and the block will be successfully signed, ensuring 
proper functioning of the network.

If the data in the last block is false, is a term a distributed consensus between 
all active members of the network will not be reached and this block will not be 
signed, therefore avoiding the possibility of various kinds of attacks that 
jeopardize the system integrity or result in double spending.
 
In cryptocurrencies that use POW the distributed consensus in the network is 
reached between its active members, or miners, who need to continuously 
keep their PCs running and use real energy produced by the GPUs to hash 
blocks and mine coins.
 
Though this may look as the although, it may seem as the most robust and 
true-to-life method of reaching the distributed consensus, actually it leads to 
several serious problems. 
 
Firstly, it requires massive amounts of energy due to the increasing difficulty to 
mine coins.
Secondly, in order to survive in the evergrowing mining market, miners are 
required to purchase expensive equipment which gets outdated in a short 
period of time and eventually ends up at a landfill site, harming the 
environment even more.
Thirdly, such system leads to appearance of miner monopolies that tend to 
negatively influence the commission fees and transaction processing times 
because of corruption, let alone the possibility of carrying out a 51% attack.
 
Delegated Proof-of-stake, or DPOS, is the latest blockchain algorithm which is 
currently used only scarcely (e.g. BitShares). In its essence, it’s very similar to 
POS, but it still has a few changes that make it different from Proof-of-stake 
algorithm.
 



Comparison with POW and DPOS / Encryption

WHITEPAPER 6
P
A
G
E

Network nodes in DPOS cryptocurrencies, or users, create coins in exactly the 
same way as it’s done in POS cryptocurrencies, by storing a small amount of 
currency in their wallet. However, all important decisions within the network in 
DPOS cryptocurrencies are made via the results of elections organized 
between all active members of the network as well as by the consensus of the 
delegates or witnesses who are appointed by the active members in order to 
carry out tasks associated with ensuring security of the network.
 
At first sight this mechanism may look more democratic and transparent, but in 
practice it overcomplicates the system, makes it more corrupt and less secure 
due to the human factor, and decreases the user participation rate, in this way 
causing centralization concerns.
 

2.1.2. Encryption
 
ATB Coin uses several cryptographic algorithms for purposes of ensuring the 
blockchain integrity and safety of its users’ coins. 
 
The first one is ECDSA, a public key cryptography algorithm, which is associated 
with every coin in the system by means of employing a public key, private key, 
and signature so that every node of the blockchain can verify the coin 
ownership.
 
The second one is a robust one-way SHA-256 encryption algorithm, which is 
included in SHA-2 family of cryptographic hash functions, and is considered to 
be classic in the majority of the world’s cryptocurrencies.
 
SHA-256 hash function is used to turn input data of any size in the blockchain 
into a string of 32 bytes that is impossible to reverse or predict. In case of an 
attack upon which some or all of such input data is changed, the hash 
associated with these data will be changed too, making it impossible to create 
a different block of data with the same hash.
 
These two cryptographic algorithms ensure stable functioning of the ATB Coin 
blockchain network where the ownership of coins can be easily verified and 
distributed consensus is achieved without possibilities of double spending.



Blocks and block creation / Coins and forging process

WHITEPAPER 7
P
A
G
E

2.1.3. Blocks and block creation
 
Since ATB Coin is a cryptocurrency based on DPOS algorithm, creation of blocks 
is carried out through provision of a proof that the active network node 
possesses a certain amount of coins and therefore can participate in 
generation of blocks.
 
If the active network node—meaning that it is a user who keeps their wallet 
open—possesses a certain amount of coins, it will be eligible to enter the block 
creation process by sending the coins to itself and proving their ownership.
 
Selection of the creator of the next valid block is made by using deterministic 
randomization formulas that take both the stake size and the lowest hash 
value into account, therefore avoiding centralization of the cryptocurrency by 
not letting the richest members of the network accumulate their wealth.
 

2.1.4. Coins and forging process
 
Based on the POS algorithm, active node of the blockchain network in ATB Coin 
randomly selected, based on their stake size and hash value will receive a daily 
reward, or ROI, for their contribution to achieving the distributed consensus.
 
As a means of combating the inflation and the market glut, two years after the 
ICO and creation of the genesis block the daily ROI will decrease twofold. The 
decrease of the daily reward by two times will be repeated every two years 
until the daily reward rate reaches almost zero.
 
As a POS cryptocurrency, ATB Coin will start with an open ICO that will last one 
month during which anyone will be able to purchase ATB Coins and receive a 
certain number of ATB Coins as a bonus. The total number of coins that will be 
offered to the public during ICO equals the quantity of coins in the genesis 
block, which is 50,000,000 ATB.



Nodes / Transactions: fees and processing time

WHITEPAPER 8
P
A
G
E

2.1.5. Nodes
 
Due to the properties of the POS algorithm—which doesn’t require massive 
amounts of electricity to be spent on hashing blocks where a large amount of 
data is stored—as well as to the recent launch of the cryptocurrency, the node 
in ATB Coin are lightweight and use an SPV, standing for simplified payment 
verification mode, that allow the users to download only a part of the 
blockchain relevant to their node instead of downloading the whole copy of 
blockchain.
 

2.1.6. Transactions: fees and processing time
 
If we take the average transaction processing time in a large POW based 
cryptocurrency and compare it with the same value in POS based 
cryptocurrencies, we will see that in POS algorithm the transactions are 
processed at least twice faster.
 
However, thanks to the usage of SegWit that implements a 4 time increase in 
the block size, every block in ATB Coin will be generated in 2.5 minutes against 
10 minutes in POW based cryptocurrencies.

Apart from this, the network throughput in ATB Coin, which equals the 
transaction processing time, will be unlimited following the launch of Lightning 
Network sidechain solution on top of ATB Coin blockchain.

 



Transactions: fees and processing time / Segwit

WHITEPAPER 9
P
A
G
E

When it comes to the transaction fees, they are estimated to be at least 10 
times lower than those in cryptocurrencies powered by POW algorithm. Such a 
significant decrease in the transaction fees is possible thanks to a lack of 
physical mining of coins in POS algorithm and inclusive distributions of coins 
among all active members of the network.

2.2. Segwit
 
Segregated Witness, which is most often called SegWit, is a proposed update 
to Bitcoin that was officially released 6n October 2016 in v0.13.1 of the 
cryptocurrency core. All though, it was originally proposed for Bitcoin network, 
it can be implemented in any other cryptocurrency.

SegWit is aimed to improve the network scaling by increasing the block size 
limit and decreasing the transaction processing time and fees, enhancing P2SH 
security to 256 bits, fixing transaction malleability enabling an array of smart 
contracts as well as sidechain solutions like the Lightning Network, and so on.

ATB Coin will be initially powered by SegWit in the very first place—and 
Lightning Network in the near future—avoiding the process of its adoption by 
95% of the active nodes in the network, which is unnecessary for an emergent 
cryptocurrency.  



Overview / Security

WHITEPAPER 10
P
A
G
E

2.2.1. Overview
 
The key aim of SegWit soft fork is to scale the network of a cryptocurrency and 
improve its performance and efficiency. Since more and more people are 
currently using cryptocurrencies for their everyday financial needs, the overall 
number of transactions processed by a blockchain grows very rapidly.
 
Due to the blockchain properties, a txid of a transaction also features 
information on the previous inputs and outputs of the coins and wallets 
associated with this transaction, this way occupying  to about 60% of the 
transaction size. Hence, the increasing numbers and size of transactions slow 
down and overload the network, leading to slower processing times and higher 
fees.
 
SegWit solves this problem by increasing the block limit size from 1MB up to 
4MB. Such a marked increase in the block size was possible thanks to fixing 
transaction malleability by moving scriptSig data out of the transactions and 
off the blockchain, both enhancing the network performance and preventing 
any possibility of malleability attacks.
 
At the same time, increased block size allows implementation of a wide array 
of smart contracts—digital signatures included in the transactions that serve 
as the evidence of the right of someone over something—as well as many 
other sidechain solutions like Lightning Network that will make it possible to 
process all transactions literally instantly and for free despite of their number.
 
Apart from this, SegWit provides an wide range of other important features 
like increased P2SH security, linear scaling of sighash operations, reducing 
UTXO growth, overall efficiency gains, and so on.

2.2.2. Security
 
All blockchain networks let their users perform a kind of escrow 
transactions—called multisig or multisignature—that require up to five 
signatures from different parties in order to sign a transaction. 
 



Security / Block size and network capacity

WHITEPAPER 11
P
A
G
E

Currently the majority of cryptocurrencies use pay-to-script-hash (P2SH) 
protected by 160-bit HASH160 algorithm that has its loopholes, letting a 
corrupt multisig transaction member steal money. In SegWit this roadblock will 
be fixed by using HASH160 only for single public key transactions, whilst all 
multisig transactions will be using 256-bit SHA256 algorithm.
 
Also, an increased block limit size that is proposed in SegWit improves the 
overall security of the network and therefore allows for a seamless and safe 
implementation of smart contracts and second layer solutions on top of the 
network.

2.2.3. Block size and network capacity
 
Initially, the block limit size of 1MB was set by Satoshi Nakomoto in 2010 in 
Bitcoin for purposes of protecting the network from DoS and spam attacks, but 
since then it became the default value used by the majority of world’s 
cryptocurrencies.
 
Since this limit leads to slower transaction approval time and higher 
transaction fees within a busy blockchain network, leading to lower overall 
performance, SegWit increases this limit to up to 4MB per block by excluding 
witness data, scriptSig and scriptPubKey fields with the signature data that 
occupies 60% of the transaction size, out of the transaction.



Block size and network capacity / Malleability and smart contracts

WHITEPAPER 12
P
A
G
E

With the new block weigh algorithm that SegWit proposes, all non-witness 
data in a block will amount to 4 weight units per byte and the witness data will 
amount to 1 weight unit per byte in the same block. This constitutes a 4x 
increase in the network capacity and performance as well as allows for 
implementation and utilization of smart contracts and sidechain 
features—which occupy a certain amount of the transaction size—that was 
impossible to carry out earlier because of low block size and network 
throughput.
 

2.2.4. Malleability and smart contracts
 
By taking the witness data out of the transaction and increasing the block size, 
SegWit solves another important problem that cryptocurrency blockchains 
were dogged by in the past couple of years. 
 
When a transaction is sent to the blockchain network, any node that processes 
it can possibly make minor changes to the signature data in the txid of this 
transaction. And though this minor changes cannot influence the input and 
output transaction information—meaning that it still will be sent and received 
by the right people—it can make the txid information unreliable, making it 
more difficult to trace it within the blockchain.
 
However, such malleability of the transaction txid may also lead to safe but 
rather pestering attacks4 within the network.
 
By storing witness data outside of the transaction under SegWit, no node will 
be able to alter it. This, in turn, makes the transaction fit more non-witness 
information and increases both the block size and network capacity, leading to 
the possibility to create smart contracts that require a certain amount of space 
within the transaction for their successful implementation.
 
Smart contracts are small parts of code that are included in a 
transaction—marking and coloring it—that serve as an evidence of possession 
of a certain right over something by someone (e.g. tangible/intangible funds 
and resources as well as intellectual or any other property) and turn a common 
transaction into a powerful tool for documenting purposes.

4https://cointelegraph.com/news/the-ongoing-bitcoin-malleability-attack



Lightning Network

WHITEPAPER 13
P
A
G
E

2.2.5. Lightning Network
 
Since SegWit fixes transaction malleability, the whole cryptocurrency 
blockchain network become more secure. This allows for creation of sidechain 
solutions like Lightning Network.
 
Lightning Network is a solution that allows for sending literally instant and free 
transactions to one or more users of the network thanks to the usage of 
multisig payments and smart contracts.
 
The idea behind Lightning Network is to create micropayment channels off the 
blockchain so that the users can send an unlimited amount of payments 
between each other by either securing them with only one ledger entry in the 
blockchain and using the blockchain as the arbiter through smart contracts or 
by applying to a trusted third party for escrow purposes. 
 
ATB Coin is planning to launch Lightning Network solution in about three 
months after its release for purposes of improved scaling of the network as 
well as cutting the transaction processing times and fees down to the 
minimum.



Key features

WHITEPAPER 14
P
A
G
E

3. Key features
 
Apart from the features intrinsic to the Proof-of-stake algorithm, Segwit 
update, and Lightning Network solution that ATB Coin is powered by, it also 
has a wide array of proprietary characteristics—a user-friendly and lightweight 
wallet, cloud mining options, forging incentives, and others — that are meant 
to make its daily usage convenient for everyone irrespective of their financial 
needs.



Wallet / Cloud mining

WHITEPAPER 15
P
A
G
E

3.1. Wallet
 
ATB Coin cryptocurrency comes with an array of lightweight and user-friendly 
wallets—for desktop, iOS, Android, and web that will be released one month 
after the cryptocurrency launch—that provide all necessary features for 
convenient daily use of the cryptocurrency for your financial needs and do not 
require much space on your PC or smartphone.
 
The most important advantage of the ATB Coin wallet is that it requires a very 
small amount of space for its installation and therefore can be used by anyone, 
anywhere, and anytime. This became possible thanks to the system ATB Coin is 
built on, Proof-of-stake, which makes using full node wallets an almost 
completely redundant thing.
 
Since there’s no physical mining of coins involved—and the distributed 
consensus is achieved via a proof of possession of coins in one’s wallet—you 
will not need to download the full copy of the blockchain to use ATB Coin, 
resulting in usage of less space and bandwidth as compared to the full node 
wallet.
 
Apart from the basic functionality that lets the users perform operations 
associated with receiving, sending, and exchanging their ATB Coins between 
the world’s most widely-used currencies, the wallet will also have at array of 
additional features that will ensure the ultimate user experience.
 

3.2. Cloud mining
 
As it has been mentioned above, users in ATB Coin do not need to constantly 
hash data using costly equipment that consumes a lot of electricity. However, 
in order to enter the coin forging pool and be able to earn with ATB Coin, you 
will need to keep your PC and wallet online to be considered an active 
blockchain node.
 
Though this is definitely a better and more eco-friendly way of maintaining the 
blockchain security, it will still lead to often unnecessary power spending. This 
is exactly why ATB Coin offers a special service of cloud mining for all of its 
users irrespective of whether they are just regular users or investors. 



Cloud mining / Low energy consumption

WHITEPAPER 16
P
A
G
E

There will be three deposit maturity options—90, 180, and 360 days—available 
as part of the cloud mining service. During these time periods the user will not 
need to keep their PC and wallet open, therefore decreasing their electricity 
consumption, whilst the daily ROI as well as the monthly and yearly bonuses 
will be credited to their wallet on the same day.
 
The cloud mining services will be provided both by ATB Coin and several other 
trusted third-party companies so that the cryptocurrency members can enjoy a 
wide selection of payment options and service conditions tailored especially to 
their needs.

3.3. Low energy consumption
 
According to the publicly available statistics5, currently some of those 
cryptocurrencies based on POW algorithm use up to 14.18 TWh of electricity 
yearly, which is comparable to the total consumption of power in entire 
country like Slovenia. 

A rapid growth of any POW based cryptocurrency will undoubtedly lead to 
sustainable increase of electricity consumption.
 

5https://digiconomist.net/bitcoin-energy-consumption



Low energy consumption / Agility and cost-efficiency

WHITEPAPER 17
P
A
G
E

Since ATB Coin is based on Proof-of-stake algorithm, which was developed to 
make cryptocurrencies more resource efficient and eco-friendly, its users don’t 
need to buy expensive equipment known as ASICs—which most often get 
obsolete as early as one year after their purchase and eventually end up at 
landfills—and waste massive amounts of electricity on performing unnecessary 
calculations.
 
Everything that a user needs to do to start creating coins in ATB Coin and earn 
is to sign up, download a lightweight desktop wallet, and keep their device 
online or use a special cloud mining service in order to cut the energy 
consumption associated with forging ATB Coins to the minimum.
 

3.4. Agility and cost-efficiency
 
Featuring the most fundamental characteristics of Proof-of-stake 
algorithm—eco-friendliness, ease of use, and lightweight wallet—as well as the 
most up-to-date technologies—Segwit that provides a 4x increase of the 
network capacity and bandwidth, Lightning Network that allows for unlimited 
throughput of off-blockchain transactions, and cloud mining—ATB Coin is set 
to become the world’s most agile, cost-efficient, and user-friendly 
cryptocurrency.
 



Risks and risk management

WHITEPAPER 18
P
A
G
E

4. Risks and risk management
 
Cryptocurrencies offer a whole range of tools and measures that are meant to 
contribute to the development of a more transparent, just, and open global 
financial market and ensure the security and growth of one’s funds. 
 
But just like any other complex and elaborate systems, cryptocurrencies 
present certain flaws and risks associated with financial instruments. In the 
sections below we will explain such risks and talk about the ways of managing 
them and cutting their impact down to the minimum. 



Security: attacks and hard forks / Inflation 

WHITEPAPER 19
P
A
G
E

4.1. Security: attacks and hard forks
 
There are various kinds of attacks and vulnerabilities that the cryptocurrencies 
may be exposed to but the two most important of them are a majority attack, 
or 51% attack that has to do with monopoly problems, and double spending 
attacks.
 
The most harmful attack that may be performed within a blockchain network is 
known as a 51% or majority attack. It may happen when one node of the 
blockchain possesses 51% of it or more and therefore gains complete control 
over it.
 
However such attack may theoretically take place in POW based 
cryptocurrencies—in case of which the evildoer will need to purchase mining 
equipment in the amount of over $15 mln—it won’t be feasible to perform it in 
ATB Coin for two reasons.
 
Firstly, since ATB Coin is a POS based cryptocurrency, the attacker will then 
need to get hold of at least 51% of all network resources. Even if we consider 
the possibility of this attack straight after the launch of ATB Coin when there 
will be still a small number of coins forged, the evildoer will need to purchase 
at least 25.5 mln of ATB Coins, which is 51% of the genesis block.
 
Secondly, even if such attack happens, it won’t be beneficial for the attacker. 
Since spreading of the news about the attack will likely influence the market 
rate of the cryptocurrency in a negative way, the evildoer will be attacking 
himself selves and will suffer from losses.
 
When it comes to double-spending attacks, in ATB Coin they will be prevented 
by means of cementing every transaction that is included in a certain block. 
This way, in order to be confirmed and considered as valid by the blockchain, 
the transaction will need to receive at least 6 confirmations.

4.2. Inflation
 
Due to the fundamentals of POS algorithm that proposes a daily reward in 
exchange of the user’s help in achieving the distributed consensus, all 
cryptocurrencies based on this system usually face inflation issues.



Inflation / Centralization

WHITEPAPER 20
P
A
G
E

Inflation concerns in ATB Coin will be tackled thanks to including a relatively 
small amount of coins in the ICO—only 50 mln of ATB—decreasing the daily 
reward rate twofold every two years, and following an effective and intensive 
marketing campaign that will ensure a stable influx of new users for the 
cryptocurrency for years to come.
 

4.3. Centralization
 
Yet another pressing issue for all cryptocurrencies irrespective of whether they 
are based on POW, POS, or DPOS algorithms another pressing issue is 
centralisation concern.
 
Since it’s both illogical and too costly to perform a 51% attack within a POS 
based cryptocurrency, appearance of the general tendency towards 
centralization of the network in ATB Coin is very unlikely.
 
As an additional measure against centralization, the creator of the next valid 
block in the ATB Coin blockchain will be selected using deterministic 
randomization formulas—based on the stake size and the lowest hash 
values—that will limit wealth accumulation possibilities and ensure that the 
cryptocurrency doesn’t get centralized.



Conclusion

WHITEPAPER 21
P
A
G
E

5. Conclusion
 
This whitepaper has been prepared for purposes of offering the most detailed 
information about the cryptocurrency—concerning its key characteristics and 
features, the most important technologies used in its development, and risks 
associated with it as well as all measures that will be used to manage such 
risks—that will be understable by and helpful to both a beginner user and an IT 
and cryptocurrency specialist.
 
We have succeeded in finding out and establishing that Proof-of-stake system 
ATB Coin is based on proves to be a more secure, just, and eco-friendly as well 
as less corrupt and less difficult to use alternative to Proof-of-work algorithm.
 
At the same time, the latest technologies that ATB Coin is powered 
on—SegWit and Lightning Network—and the proprietary features like cloud 
mining, lightweight wallet, and forging incentives make it a truly agile, 
cost-efficient, and user-friendly tool that can answer and satisfy the needs for 
financial freedom of any person irrespective of their place of birth, technical 
competence, or social status.



Good for Business
Good for You

www.atbcoin.com


	_1
	_2
	1
	2
	3
	4
	5
	6
	7
	8
	9
	10
	11
	12
	13
	14
	15
	16
	17
	18
	19
	20
	21
	22

