






















 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 

  
 

Smart Contract Powered Retirement Plans 
 
  
  

WHITEPAPER 
Version 8.7 – 21 March 2018 

 
  
  
  

  

 



Abstract 
Across the globe, individuals and governments face the reality that people are not saving              
enough to meet their retirement needs. We are living longer, and the implications of              
longevity are broader and more urgent than many of us are willing to acknowledge. Globally,               
life expectancy has grown by nearly 50% since 1950 and 30% since 1980 alone . These               

1

changes are occurring at a time when the need for financial advice has never been greater,                
as savers grapple with global and geopolitical uncertainty, prolonged low and negative            
interest rates, and longer lifespans. 

Retirement savers are often left out of decision making. They are inadequately addressed             
and feel disenfranchised. In addition, they are not offered the transparency needed to be              
well informed and are treated in a paternalistic manner. 

Furthermore, client preferences have changed. A recent Accenture study found that clients            
2

increasingly prefer to have a mix of robo and human advisory. In addition, they feel more                
and more comfortable to tailor their own portfolios. 

However, for many retirement savers, creating a saving portfolio can seem like an             
overwhelming task. In recent years, dedicated, but local retirement plan services like            
Betterment and Wealthfront or Nutmeg have addressed this need for tailored, transparent            
and robo-advisory driven retirement portfolios. 

At Auctus we believe we can even go a step further, cutting out all middlemen by utilizing                 
blockchain and smart contracts, as well as allowing retirement savers to aggregate their             
entire retirement savings, from regulated 401k/IRA plans, voluntary traditional investments          
as well as cryptocurrency investments. This holistic approach allows running analytics and            
robo-advisory on the entirety of savings, enabling the retirement saver to take better             
decisions and ultimately reach their saving targets faster.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 United Nations, World Population Ageing Report, 2015 
2 Accenture Consulting, The New Face of Wealth Management - In the Era of Hybrid Advice, 2017 

1 



Table of Contents 
 
Abstract 1 

Table of Contents 2 

1 – Vision 3 

2 - Value Proposition 4 

3 - Market Overview 6 

4 - Issues 8 

5 -  Why Smart Contracts & Blockchain 10 

6 - The Auctus Platform 12 

7 - Technology 21 

8 - Token Model 22 

9 - Go to Market Strategy 26 

10 - Team & Advisory Board 28 

11 - Collaborations 32 

12 - Roadmap 33 

13 - Development Milestones 34 

14 - Token Sale & Allocation 41 

15 - Use of Proceeds 45 

16 - Marketing Strategy 47 

Disclaimers and Risks 48 

Conclusion 52 

Appendix A: Historical Context 53 

Appendix B: Analytics & Projection Tools 55 

 

 

 

 
  

2 



1 – Vision 
 
Auctus’ mission is to put retirement savers back in control of their retirement plan, by offering                
access to a global investment platform that allows users to create optimized portfolios of              
bonds, stocks and cryptocurrencies, by providing the information needed to take well            
informed decisions, by using blockchain to increase transparency and automation, and           
ultimately increasing trust towards the chosen retirement plan.  

Robo advisory, transparency, automation and record keeping are thereby an integral aspect            
of the Auctus Platform, as well as a marketplace that allows the retirement community to               
come together without middlemen.  

Auctus’ vision is to create a platform from the community, for the community and aspires to                
be as decentralized as possible and as much community driven, owned and managed as              
feasible.  

 

 
  

3 



2 - Value Proposition 

Decision Power 

Traditional retirement plans are rigid, leave very little room for decisions and keep their              
customers in the dark about performance and fees. 

Auctus’ ambition is to provide data transparency, fee transparency as well as validation of              
advice. The Auctus Platform was designed to give the users the information needed, take              
well informed decisions and ultimately be in control of their retirement savings. 

Holistic Approach  
Instead of having a regulated retirement plan (such as a 401k/IRA), some investment             
platform for equities and bonds and some wallets with cryptocurrencies, users will be able to               
consolidate all of their different retirement savings in the Auctus Platform, having full             
overview and control.  

It will be possible to upload the asset allocation of your regulated 401k/IRA plan, traditional               
voluntary investments and combine it with your cryptocurrency investments.  

This holistic approach allows the user to focus on the overall risk/return characteristics             
instead of analyzing them individually. This offers unparalleled diversification opportunities,          
thanks to the low correlation between fiat and crypto assets. 

Only a holistic approach will allow retirement savers to obtain the necessary information to              
run holistic portfolio analytics and determine the suitable investment strategy to reach their             
retirement saving goals faster. 

Long-term focus 
In comparison to other investment services, Auctus is specialized on retirement saving. This             
means the platform is set up with the purpose of long-term saving and payout. Our analytic                
tools go beyond classic risk calculations and allow you to model your savings from              
contribution amount, time period as well as payout amount.  

Removal of cost layers 

The Auctus Platform is turning the retirement plan model upside down. Instead of having              
multiple cost layers from expensive fund structures, portfolio managers and further           
middlemen, we are replacing everything with analytic tools and robo advisory. If desired,             
human advisory can be purchased at the best global market rate. 

Transparency 

Transparency is a buzzword in the blockchain space. However, transparency is more than a              
buzzword in the case of Auctus. The retirement plan industry is one of the few industries                
which hasn’t been disrupted. Information is often kept hidden and customers aren’t being             
informed properly.  

4 



Offering complete transparency is therefore key, no matter when it comes to investments, or              
operating the Auctus platform itself.  

Result oriented fee structure 

Our robo-advisors and human advisors have a result-oriented fee structure to incentivize 
good advice. Users won’t have to pay for mediocre advice. 

 

  

5 



3 - Market Overview 

3.1 - Market Size 
Worldwide, total retirement plan assets were estimated at USD 36 trillion at the end of 2016.                
The US accounts for 62% of global pensions assets, followed by the UK (7.9%) and Japan                
(7.7%) . Total United States retirement plan assets in 2016 were USD 19.1 trillion, of which               

3

roughly 35% was defined contribution and 65% defined benefit plans . 
4

3.2 - Competition 
In recent years, dynamic investment platforms, as well as specialized retirement plan            
platforms have experienced strong growth as they fill the desire of customers for low fees               
and tailored solutions that can be assembled by the user. 

We believe that Auctus is positioned in a unique way, bridging between the cryptocurrency              
space and specialized retirement saving platforms, while integrating the latest robo-advisory           
and analytic features. 

To compare Auctus’ positioning in the existing ecosystem, we plotted some of the most              
notable companies on two axes, as shown in the chart in Figure 1 below. 

 

 
 
The vertical axis ranks the impact on the industry in terms of innovation, the horizontal axis 
ranks projects and companies from generalist to specialist. With specialist, we mean 

3 Towers Watson - Global Pension Assets Study, 2017 
4 Federal Reserve - Statistical Release Report, 2017 

6 



retirement plan and goal-based investment focus, with tailored analytics and advice for 
retirement savers . 

5

Cryptocurrency Generalists 

Whereas Iconomi is an innovator in terms of being the first cryptocurrency based investment              
platform, it is a centralized solution. Melonport and Blackmoon have blockchain based,            
decentralized business models and follow a generalist approach, meaning they aren’t           
offering dedicated retirement and goal-based investment tools.  

Centralized Specialists 

Wealthfront, Betterment and Nutmeg are innovators in the retirement space. They all offer             
tailored platforms for retirement savers, have innovative robo-advisory and analytic tools.           
However, they are all local (Wealthfront and Betterment US only and Nutmeg UK only), they               
also are centralized platforms, without the involvement of the community. The tools are static              
and cannot be extended or amended by the users.  

Traditional Specialists 

Companies like Fidelity, Prudential or Vanguard have long-standing reputations in the           
retirement asset management space. They offer large-scale solutions. Even though some of            
them show interest for new technologies, they are usually late adopters in terms of              
technology and won’t be taking any risks for the sake of innovation. 

Traditional Generalists 

Many banks and investment managers have established online investment tools. Usually,           
there is little innovation with these players. They focus more on proven strategies, business              
models and technology. 

Auctus is positioned as an innovative, decentralized and cryptocurrency specialist, focusing           
on the retirement plan and goal-based investment industry, by utilizing the decentralized            
nature of the Ethereum network, enabling to be community driven, owned and potentially             
even managed and by providing the latest robo advisory and analytic tools to empower              
users of the platform. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

5 ​Based on Auctus market analysis, 2018 

7 



4 - Issues 

4.1 - Challenging Market Environment 
Since the financial crisis, the need for financial advice has increased, as existing challenges              
are gaining in magnitude and are supplemented with new ones. Volatile markets, record low              
yields, aging populations and lack of financial literacy, or access to advice are jeopardizing              
the future retirement income of individuals. Incidents that could be absorbed in the             
pre-financial crisis environment are now impacting retirement plans more severely and are            
thus exposed more frequently. 

Record Low Yields 
Low interest rates are usually desired, because cheap borrowing costs encourage spending            
and capital investments, which fuel economic activity and growth. Low rates also offer relief              
for debt-laden governments and consumers, who can now refinance existing loans at better             
terms. 

However, for retirement plans, low interest rates mean low yields on bonds. Low bond yields               
make it harder for retirement plans to secure future income for their members, given that               
reserves required to fund future liabilities increase when bond yields decrease. Many            
retirement plans have found themselves underfunded because of low bond yields, forcing on             
them a hard choice between insolvency and taking on uncharacteristically high investment            
risks to escape it. 

Low interest rates also lead to higher valuations on equities, which are a major component of                
retirement plans’ portfolios. With stocks more expensive, expected future returns are lower,            
making the problem of meeting pension promises even more severe. 

Aging Population 
A demographic crisis for retirement plans, driven by longer life expectancies and declining             
birth rates, has now become critical, thanks to historic low bond yields across the world. The                
result is enormous deficits. In the US, retirement plans run by companies in the S&P 1500                
index were underfunded by $562bn by the end of last month, according to Mercer — nearly                
$160bn more than just seven months earlier thanks to further drops in bond yields. For US                
public plans — which are allowed to assume far higher interest rates than are available in                
the bond market, making their liabilities look unrealistically cheap — the problem is far              
worse. 

4.2 - Outdated Business Models 

Changing Lifestyles 

Providers of retirement solutions often have a long history and heritage. Although experience             
is important, there is often a lack of innovation and flexibility of adapting to new               
circumstances. Lifestyles have changed over the past decades, employees are changing           
their employer more frequently and might even change their domicile and jurisdiction over             

8 



their career. Current retirement systems are not set up for this kind of profile, despite it                
becoming a standard. 

Lack of Engagement 
At a time when the need for financial advice is so great for so many, levels of engagement                  
with financial advisors are disappointingly low . Approximately 17% of individuals surveyed           

6

in both the UK and Germany and 14% of individuals in the Netherlands currently use the                
services of an advisor. In the US, only 28% of individuals surveyed use a professional               
financial advisor. Further, more than one-quarter of those surveyed who previously used            
advice had stopped taking advice because it had become too expensive. Disengagement            
with advisors is especially prevalent in jurisdictions where regulators have prohibited           
commissions from financial product suppliers (e.g., mutual fund managers) to financial           
intermediaries as they seek to mitigate potential conflicts of interest. This lack of consumer              
engagement is compounded by low levels of financial literacy, which may negatively            
reinforce individuals’ willingness to engage with financial advisors .  

7

Inadequate Communication 
Many providers of retirement plans treat their members in a paternalistic way. Members get              
only occasional updates, without proper engagement, nor the necessary transparency.          
Furthermore, members feel as if they are not in control of their retirement saving. Ultimately,               
this is leading to a completely disenfranchised customer base that is only loyal due to lack of                 
alternatives.  

4.3 - Existing investment platform issues 

Mediocre advice 

Without a proven track record of previous advice and a fee structure that allows users to pay                 
for advice only when the returns are satisfactory, retirement savers might end up paying for               
bad advice that will result in retirement income gaps and ultimately by not achieving their               
saving target. 

Hidden Costs 
Most retirement plan members are not aware of all costs involved. Asset management fees              
represent only part of overall costs. There are many other costs involved; minimizing these              
costs can lead to a transparency problem as described by Gail Moss and the IPE .               

8

Retirement costs are comprised of transaction, trading and asset custody fees, but also             
include regulation, administration and reporting costs. These costs are often hidden. Hidden            
costs reduce net investment returns and can significantly lower funds accumulated for            
retirement income. 

6 ​Thomas Post, Maastricht University - School of Business and Economics, 2017 
7 Accenture, Financial Times and time.com 
8 Gail Moss, Investment and Pension Europe Magazine, 2017 

9 



5 -  Why Smart Contracts & Blockchain 
Many of the issues affecting the retirement plan industry can be solved by business model               
reengineering, others by adding robo-advisory and analytic tools and lastly others by            
applying smart contracts and blockchain technology. 
 
At Auctus we are utilizing the Ethereum network in various areas with the following              
purposes: 
 
Smart Contract Powered Fee Structure 

Smart contracts make it possible to create a result-oriented, transparent and low fee             
structure. AUC Tokens stay in a trustless escrow and fees are paid only for periods that                
robo-advisor predictions are right. This system also brings fee transparency, allowing each            
user to know exactly what they are paying. 

Blockchain Robo and Human Advisor Tracking Record 

Blockchain’s inherently immutable record-keeping system brings the possibility to provide a           
permanent track record of all suggested portfolio allocations and robo-advisor predictions.           
So it is possible to explore robo-advisor performance by comparing expected vs actual             
returns and against our competitors. 

Allowing to be community driven 

The Auctus Platform is a community driven platform. This means that eventually, anybody             
around the world will be able to create or purchase tools and advice without any middlemen                
in between. Ultimately, our goal is to make the entire platform community driven. The              
characteristics of the Ethereum network, along with smart contracts allow us to be truly              
decentralized and will ultimately empower retirement savers.  

Being truly global 

We believe that there are significant advantages of having a global community. Not only will               
the community be larger and thus more powerful in size, but it will enable to take the best                  
ideas and products from around the world. Since the Auctus platform will be community              
driven and decentralized, it will remain dynamic and adjust to local customs, laws or              
preferences. For example, what might be popular in Germany, might not be popular in              
Indonesia. On the other hand, there might be a user from China interested in a service from                 
the US. 

Enabling a decentralized market place 

Part of the Auctus Platform is a marketplace for retirement apps. Apps that help users to                
customize their retirement management dashboard, to analyze data, as well as           
robo-advisory apps. Instead of having someone managing the marketplace, we’ll have it            
organized as a decentralized marketplace with smart contracts and automated payments           
according to smart contract terms. 

10 



Fee transparency 

Needless to say that blockchain allows to increase transparency. Since fee transparency is a              
common issue in the retirement plan industry, the Auctus Platform will be offering full fee               
transparency. 

Payment Gateway 

The Ethereum network is allowing for an efficient and global payment network. This will              
simplify global standardization and allow for a truly global platform. 

Trust 

Trust is another issue of the retirement plan industry that Auctus will solve by utilizing the                
transparency, record keeping capability and immutability of the blockchain. Furthermore, by           
having a global community with various backgrounds and cultures, but a common and global              
marketplace, smart contracts that can be audited will increase trust into the platform and its               
processes. 

Decentralization of ownership, decision making and operational processes 

One of the features of the platform is a decentralized marketplace that is 
sustained/supported by the community. Token holders using the platform will be able to 
evaluate/rank the services and products offered on the marketplace, taking part on the 
quality control process.  
 
The platform will also allow users to post, comment and vote for new ideas, such as new 
features to be included be the development team or new asset classes that should be 
included in the analytic tools.  
 
Ultimately we aspire to even organize the operations in a transparent and decentralized way, 
from decision making to accounting. Auctus intends to use Aragon’s platform 
(https://aragon.one/), or a similar solution, to achieve this goal. 
 

Tokenization of Assets 

As tokenized digital versions of traditional assets become more available, it is becoming             
easier to manage traditional investments using the power of blockchain technology and            
smart contracts. It is faster, more secure, easier and less costly to trade and store tokens                
instead of actual assets, which is a further advantage of being a blockchain and smart               
contract driven project. 

 

  

11 



6 - The Auctus Platform 
The Auctus Platform is a global smart contract-based retirement and goal-based saving            
platform with specialized portfolio management services for traditional equity and bond           
investments, as well as cryptocurrency investments. 

 

Source: Auctus Platform 

 

The platform provides the user an aggregated view of all retirement savings, from             
government regulated IRA/401k plans, voluntary traditional retirement plans, as well as           
crypto wallets. Only by having this holistic view, well informed decisions and a professional              
long-term strategy can be established. 

In an initial phase (alpha version), all holdings will simply be uploaded virtually. Once all               
retirement savings have been uploaded to the platform, the user will be able to run analytics                
and robo advisory on the entirety of the retirement savings. At a later stage, it will also be                  
possible to trade cryptocurrencies and tokenized assets straight from the Auctus Platform,            
enabling further features such as automated rebalancing between cryptocurrency and          
traditional holdings. 

In addition, the Auctus Platform has a marketplace for retirement apps, which allows you to               
customize your user experience. 

12 



The Auctus Platform provides the following features: 

● Allows a mix of traditional and cryptocurrencies investments 
● Gives the user a holistic overview of all retirement savings 
● Allows to run and consult analytics and robo-advisory on the entirety of retirement 

savings 
● Enables users to make well informed decisions 
● Is community run and can be tailored to individual needs with customized apps 
● Provides transparency and trust 

 

Traditional Assets and Cryptocurrencies 

Having a mix of traditional and cryptocurrency assets has multiple advantages ranging from             
risk/return aspects to diversification. 

A study run by Signal Plot calculated the correlation between 1400 ETFs vs. Bitcoin. The               
study calculated a correlation between bitcoin and other financial assets of -0.1 and +0.1,              
which is extremely low.  

 

Source: Signal Plot 

This is a strong argument for including bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies with similar             
correlations, as a significant part of a portfolio of risky assets. Finding and adding an               
uncorrelated asset to a portfolio can act as a powerful source of diversification by increasing               
the portfolio’s ​sharpe ratio​. There are extremely few assets that are this uncorrelated with              

13 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sharpe_ratio


other assets and that makes bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies with these correlation            
characteristics extremely desirable from a portfolio construction perspective. 

The Auctus Platform will be a retirement focused investment platform which will enable users 
to construct portfolios consisting of traditional and cryptocurrency assets. 

 
Source: Auctus Platform 

 

Holistic Overview 
Holistic ​portfolio construction is all about approaching your investments as all part of a              
whole, as opposed to viewing them as separate. The holistic strategy treats the portfolio as               
the sum of all its parts, connecting each investment in an overall web of risk and return. 

Proper retirement or goal-based saving, requires this holistic view and needs to consider all              
factors. That’s why the Auctus Platform will show users all of their holdings in a               
straightforward and transparent user interface. 

Even though this is a simple feature, traditional retirement saving often doesn’t give this              
aggregate view, leaving the retirement saver with a multiple of portfolios and investment             
strategies that might be even conflicting and not properly optimized 

14 

https://www.centricwealth.com.au/Manage-Your-Wealth/Portfolio-Management/Our-Portfolio-Management-Approach


  

Source: Auctus Platform 

Users will have the possibility to virtually upload assets that are managed outside of the 
Auctus Platform, such as existing government pensions, IRA or 401k plans. 

 

  

15 



6.1 - Products 
The Auctus Platform consists of two products that are accessed both via the same user 
interface. Analytics & Advisory, as well as Investment Services. 
 

 
 

6.1.1 - Analytics & Advisory 
Analytics & Advisory consists of services such as risk analysis, projections and risk/return 
metrics, as well as advice ranging from robo and human advisory services, as well as the 
apps and services marketplace. 

Analytics 

Once the user has added the totality of savings to the platform, a suitable portfolio strategy 
can be defined. 

Users will get an array of tools to analyze their portfolios, including stress testing (scenario               
projections), risk metrics, portfolio optimization, crisis hedging, and actuarial analysis. These           
tools will help users to have a full understanding of their portfolios. 

Projection tools will enable users to get an idea of what to expect based on their chosen                 
asset allocation and timeframe. We believe this is especially important as nowadays            

16 



retirement savers are often left alone and have no idea what the long-term impact would be                
if they were to change the composition of their retirement portfolios. 

See Appendix B for more information on the risk analytics mentioned above. 

 

Source: Auctus Platform 

 

Robo Advisors 

A robo-advisor is an online, automated portfolio management service that follows a set of              
rules to choose appropriate investments based on the users risk tolerance and time horizon.  

Robo advisors can automatically select investments and build a diversified portfolio. Once            
the users funds are invested, the software automatically makes changes to the investments             
to align the portfolio back to the chosen target allocation.  

17 



 
Source: Auctus Platform 

The Auctus robo-advisor provides a variety of services, such as peer analysis and             
recommendations based on optimized risk adjusted asset allocations. Users can even give            
permission to the robo advisor to automatically make trades that follow a set of rules, such                
as tax optimization or diversification adjustments.  

The user will be able to add further robo features via the Auctus Marketplace. 

Human Advisors 
Besides robo advisory, users will be able to consult human advisors whenever they feel a               
need for it. 

KMPG recently did a survey on robo-advisors to find out how the ideal way to offer such                 
9

tools would be. Participants were asked to rank the attractiveness of different features and              
capabilities: 

9 KPMG - Robo advising, 2016 

18 



 

In the image above, the three most attractive features according to the survey are illustrated:               
the first one was account aggregation - followed by auto investing and the ability to consult a                 
human advisor when necessary. 

Account aggregation was rated with a 4 or 5 on the attractiveness scale by more than 73                 
percent of participants. Auctus will increase aggregation by treating crypto and traditional            
investments as one, allowing to run robo advisory and analytics on the combined portfolio              
(crypto/traditional). 

Human advisory will also be provided via the Auctus Marketplace, allowing members to             
purchase services from human advisors by paying with AUC token. 

Marketplace 
The Auctus Platform will feature a marketplace with an app store and services store.  

The services store will be a marketplace for human advisory. Advisors will be able to offer                
their services and earn AUC tokens in return. Retirement savers will have a transparent and               
cost-efficient way to get personalized advisory. Users will be able to rate advisors, thus              
further increasing transparency. 

The Auctus Platform will be an open platform. The community will be able to create widgets,                
add-ons and other features and either offer them for free or against an AUC token fee, either                 
in the form of a small purchase price, or in a freemium model. Users will therefore be able to                   
get the customized experience they desire. 

6.1.2 - Investment Services 
Investment Services consist of all trading activities of tokenized traditional and           
cryptocurrency assets, as well as related features. 

19 



Trading 

By using the Ethereum network it is possible to create a global contribution gateway in which                
users are able to contribute to their voluntary retirement savings using ETH or any other               
tokenized ​currency.  

The contributions will need to be converted into the assets that compose each user’s              
portfolios. The Auctus platform will ultimately have a seamless exchange mechanism using            
the 0x open protocol (​https://0xproject.com/)​, ​or a similar mechanism, to trade between any             
kind of token on the Ethereum network. 

A hybrid approach can be used in the initial phase, connecting to centralized exchange APIs               
until the decentralized approach achieves good liquidity. 

Tokenization of Traditional Assets 

Tokenization is the process of converting rights to an asset into a digital token on a                
blockchain. Currently, there are several projects (such as LAToken, latoken.com) that are            
working on getting traditional assets tokenized.  

Auctus aims to facilitate trading of traditional assets via tokenized assets. This has the              
advantage that all Auctus transactions could be tracked on the blockchain, it would facilitate              
24/7 trading and would most certainly bring significant cost advantages. 

Automated Portfolio Rebalancing 

Automated rebalancing allows users to rebalance their portfolio in an automated way, based             
on a set of predefined rules. This can be rebalancing in terms of asset mix, for example in                  
order to automatically convert cryptocurrencies to fiat investments if the cryptocurrency           
allocation surpasses a certain percentage of total holdings, or rebalancing in terms of tax              
optimization. 

The rebalancing timeframe, as well as the set of rules, are variable and can be predefined by                 
the user. 

Automated rebalancing enables the user to maintain a conservative retirement plan, while            
keeping a healthy portion of upside in the overall portfolio, as well as taking tax               
considerations into account. 

Recurring Funding 

Pursuing a long-term saving goal, such as retirement or any other major financial target 
requires thorough planning. Small changes can have major impacts in the long-run. A small 
difference in return, or slightly smaller contributions towards the savings plan can lead to 
major differences in the long run. 

To facilitate and smoothen regular funding, Auctus intends to add a feature to automate 
regular payments. For fiat contributions, this can be achieved via a bank wire gateway, for 
cryptocurrencies a payment request platform, such as Request Network 
(​https://request.network​) could be used.  

20 

https://0xproject.com/)
https://request.network/


7 - Technology 
Platform Architecture Overview 

Our main architectural goal at Auctus is to build a platform which is able to sustain high                 
traffic of a global user base. Therefore, the platform should be able to proper escalate on                
heavy load moments and, thus, guarantee a fluid and robust experience for our users or API                
consumers. 

Auctus development team, based on previous experiences of similar platforms and market            
best practices, carefully evaluated the best development practices combining cloud /           
containerized computing, micro-services and the emerging Ethereum Network technologies. 

The overview of this architecture is depicted in the diagram below: 

 

Smart contracts 

The backend of the Auctus Platform is built upon the Ethereum Blockchain using smart              
contracts developed using the Solidity programming language as the main mechanism to            
provide automation, transparency and a result-oriented fee structure. 

The smart contract that defines the AUC token is compliant with the ERC-20 and ERC-223               
standards. 

Technical Paper 

Since technology changes rapidly, our paper will evolve over time. We have, therefore,             
published a more detailed technical description about the platform architecture and the use             
of smart contracts in a separate document: ​Auctus Technical Paper​. 
  

21 

https://dl.auctus.org/Auctus_Technical_Paper.pdf


8 - Token Model 
To unite participants around the platform and assure the quality of third-party tools and              
services provided, a utility token was designed: the AUC token. The token fuels the platform               
and helps to create a balanced ecosystem. 

The Auctus Platform will have built-in goal-based tools and robo advisors, but will also serve               
as a marketplace for third-party financial advisory services, allowing users to get tailored             
recommendations (how much to invest and asset allocation) from human and robo advisors.             
The fundamental role of the AUC Token is to provide a result-oriented, transparent and low               
fee structure, aligning the interest of human and robo advisors with savers’ goals and              
ensuring transparency. 

 

In addition to being a platform currency, which enables efficient and frictionless transactions             
between participants, the AUC token will also be used to help preventing users from paying               
in advance for bad services or advice. In cases where the nature of the service or tool                 
purchased involves portfolio suggestions and predictions (of returns and risk), the transfer of             
tokens between the user and the provider can be bound to the results. 

The user initially transfers the corresponding amount of AUC tokens to a platform smart              
contract where it will be held in escrow. He receives a portfolio recommendation (with asset               
distribution according to his profile - desired returns and tolerated risk) and all the              
parameters are recorded in the Ethereum blockchain using the platform smart contracts. The             

22 



AUC held in escrow in exchange for a particular recommendation can be gradually released              
to be transferred to the human advisor or developer if the returns meet the predictions, as                
well as the fluctuations (volatility) do not exceed tolerated levels of risk. The parameters              
such as vesting period and tolerance will be auditable prior to the purchase of the service or                 
tool. Users can redeem the tokens in case of bad advice. To compare the recorded               
predictions with the real results, trusted oracles can be used to record data in the platform                
smart contracts using, for instance, the Oraclize approach . This user flow is illustrated in              

10

the following diagram. 

 

Source: Auctus - Token Model Illustration 

The platform will be exclusively accessible through the AUC token, which is an integral part               
of the Auctus Platform. Users holding a higher amount of AUC tokens in escrow can have                
access to additional and/or premium features and lower annual fees for built-in features. 

However, AUC token cannot be used for investing in the assets through the platform, nor               
can be exchanged for (converted into) such instruments in the future. Any portfolio             
investments shall be done through other means e.g. fiat money, cryptocurrencies. 

10 Oraclize Blog - Understanding Oracles, 2016 

23 



8.1. Who should use AUC tokens 

Retirement savers 

Everyone interested in getting access to a goal based savings platform with built-in analytic              
tools and robo advisors will need AUC tokens held in escrow to create portfolios, use               
planning tools, hire services from the marketplace and pay low annual fees. Users will be               
able to create custom portfolios with an automated rebalancing of assets and a mix of               
traditional assets and cryptocurrencies. 

Financial advisors 

To be listed in the human advisory marketplace, users will also need to hold AUC in escrow.                 
Tokens are locked as collateral to enforce good behavior (advisors can be penalized for not               
completing/providing a service or for any kind of malicious behavior). Customers in the             
marketplace can choose advisors according to their ranking position, price and service            
description. Services are paid using AUC tokens through smart contracts, and customers            
that used the services can evaluate the advisors. 

Developers 

The first version of the platform will have built-in robo advisory and risk analysis tools               
developed by the Auctus team and its partners. Shortly after, it will be possible to offer third                 
party plugins/add-ons developed by community members holding AUC token in escrow.           
These will be offered in a second marketplace, a Retirement App Marketplace, intended to              
decentralize the development and maintenance of risk analysis tools, robo advisors,           
notification and alert plugins and any other kind of enhancement tool for retirement savers to               
track their portfolio, optimize their results or get a better projection. 
 

8.2. Legal status of AUC token  
AUC token is a functional utility token designed specifically for the Auctus Platform. AUC              
token is not a security and we do not recommend buying AUC tokens for speculative, or                
investment purposes. 
 
You should buy AUC tokens to participate in the Auctus Platform. AUC token do not grant                
the right to receive any profits, income, payments, returns, dividends from Auctus Project             
Inc, or any entity from its group of companies, nor is it intended to be a digital currency,                  
security, commodity, bond, debt instrument or any kind of financial instrument or investment             
carrying equivalent rights. Accordingly, any protections offered by the law in respect to the              
purchase, holding, or sale of the instruments and investments referred to above shall not              
apply to your purchase, holding, or sale of AUC tokens. 
 
AUC tokens are sold as a software product under the laws of British Virgin Islands. We do                 
not recommend purchasing AUC tokens, unless you have prior experience with           

24 



cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software. Once you purchase AUC tokens, they           
cannot be refunded. 
 
U.S. and Singapore persons, residents, green card holders, same as citizens and residents             
of Kuwait and People’s Republic of China are not allowed to participate in AUC Token sales,                
or to purchase AUC tokens, AUC tokens may not be purchased for, or on behalf of any such                  
person. The term “U.S. and Singapore persons” refer to any person or entity – resident of                
the U.S.A. and Singapore, including those citizens that live abroad. If necessary, Auctus may              
reimburse any U.S. and Singapore persons who bought AUC tokens.  
 
It is the liability of the user to ensure that the funds used to purchase AUC token were not                   
derived from, invested for the benefit of, or related in any way to the governments of, or any                  
Persons within, any country under a U.S. embargo enforced by OFAC, or any Persons who               
are named on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained             
by OFAC, or EU Restrictive measures (sanctions) list, or on any other similar list maintained               
by OFAC, EU Counsel, EU Commission pursuant to any authorizing statute, executive order,             
or regulation. 
 
 
  

25 



9 - Go to Market Strategy 
Auctus aims to penetrate the market as first mover. Auctus is an innovative global retirement               
plan platform, as well as a leading Blockchain and Ethereum Smart Contract based             
retirement plan provider. Following a fast market entry, the ultimate goal is to capture a               
substantial market share of the USD 36 trillion global retirement industry. 

Our go to market strategy follows a multi pillar approach. Initially, we intend to target private                
retirement investments and individual retirement plans. This allows us a fast market entry on              
a global scale with relatively low regulatory hurdles. In a second phase, we plan to enter                
employer-sponsored retirement plans. This second phase requires local adaptation and will           
face a lot of regulatory constraints. 

Our first phase is designed to create a global movement, which should facilitate the launch               
of phase two. 

 

Level 1 – Early Adopter Platform 

The initial level is targeted at early adopters: users with an interest in Fintech and               
cryptocurrency. This initial solution will enable users to create retirement portfolios with a mix              
of cryptocurrencies and traditional assets. Subsequently, users will be able to run analytics             
and get consulted by robo advisory, assuring maximum transparency. 

To simplify and accelerate a global market rollout, the first level will feature a virtual upload                
of assets. Thus funds won’t be stored on the Auctus Platform itself. It will be possible to                 
virtually upload existing traditional retirement plans, or savings portfolios, as well as existing             
cryptocurrency positions and subsequently consult robo advisory and analytics 

26 



Level 2 –  Cryptocurrencies 

Level 2 will have all features of level 1, but the platform will be holding cryptocurrency                
investments. 

Having control over the asset allocation will unlock new features such as automated             
rebalancing. 

Level 3 –  Crypto and Traditional Assets 

Level 3 will have all features of level 1 and 2, with the addition of traditional investments. 

Access to traditional investments will be granted by giving access to traditional portfolios, by              
either collaborating with a third-party or creating the portfolios itself. 

Combining cryptocurrencies and traditional assets will allow the user for example to keep the              
crypto allocation at a maximum of 10% in an automated way. 

Level 4 – Individual Retirement Plans 

Level 4 will be the entry into regulated retirement plans. We plan to first enter the individual                 
retirement plans market, as this is relatively lightly regulated. 

Despite the likelihood that regulators do not allow cryptocurrency as an asset class in              
retirement plans, we will be able to provide portfolios mixing traditional assets with             
cryptocurrencies. 

From an operational point of view, we will create two portfolios. A traditional portfolio, in line                
with prevailing laws and regulations, as well as a cryptocurrency portfolio that will be entirely               
private and non-regulated. 

However, our robo advisory and analytic tools will be treating the regulated and crypto              
assets with the same holistic overview as described previously. This will allow the user to               
simulate and analyze the optimal mix of cryptocurrencies and traditional assets. In the case              
of tax-exempt defined contribution plans, this also allows the user to secure the maximum              
feasible amount of tax deductibility. 

 

 

  

27 



10 - Team & Advisory Board 

10.1 - Advisory Board 

Martijn van Eck​, Holland Fintech 

Martijn van Eck is PensionTech Lead at Holland FinTech, the globally connected FinTech             
marketplace and former founding partner at Symetrics, the Amsterdam based European           
FinTech50 actuarial and risk analytics company, PensionTech start-up trainer, mentor and           
coach. Martijn’s entrepreneurial track record, pension tech experience and passion to bring            
the pension and fintech industry together, are key qualities that will help Auctus to reach its                
full potential.  
 

Philippe Castonguay​, 0x project 

Philippe is a well connected advisor within the development community of cryptocurrencies.            
Bringing along experience as relationship manager for developers at ​0x project​, he is very              
familiar with collaborations between cryptocurrency projects, as well as network effects.           
Philippe studied statistics at the University of Montreal. At Auctus, Philippe is advising us on               
development related topics, such as integration of other protocols into the Auctus Platform,             
collaboration with other cryptocurrency projects, as well as best practice implementations. 
 

Steven Clark​, Horizon Investments 

Steven is an Associate Professor of Finance at UNC Charlotte where he conducts research              
in the areas of mathematical finance, derivative securities, asset pricing, and financial            
econometrics. Steven has a Ph.D. in Mathematical Sciences and a Ph.D. in Applied             
Economics, both from Clemson University. He has been published in numerous scholarly            
journals including Review of Derivatives Research, Review of Futures Markets, Journal of            
Risk and Insurance, and Journal of Asset Management. 
  

Eric Paley​, Nixon Peabody 

Eric Paley is a Partner and member of the Employee Benefits team at Nixon Peabody LLP, a                 
global law firm, with more than 650 attorneys collaborating across major practice areas in              
the U.S., Europe and Asia. He will assist us in legal compliance, implementation feedback,              
as well as further establish our footprint within the pension industry. 
  

Adam Greetis​, Seyfarth Shaw 

Adam is a Partner at Seyfarth Shaw LLP, an international law firm with more than 900                
attorneys in the U.S., London, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Melbourne and Sydney. He has             
considerable experience advising organizations on the legal issues that arise in establishing,            
sponsoring, and maintaining qualified retirement plans. He has counseled employers on           
most aspects of ERISA and Internal Revenue Code compliance and through Department of             
Labor and Internal Revenue Service audits and plan correction programs.  

28 

https://0xproject.com/


10.2 - Core Team 

Raphael Vantroost​, CEO 

Raphael brings along 12 years of financial services experience. He has successfully held various              
strategy and M&A positions at UBS Investment Bank in Zurich, Deutsche Bank in London and               
Noor Advisors in Geneva and Dubai.  

He founded Swissline Real Estate in 2012 and holds a portfolio of more than 70 units, including a                  
serviced apartments business with more than 20 units. 

Raphael studied Economics at Basel and Yale University and holds an Executive MBA from              
INSEAD. He is fluent in 5 languages. 

At Auctus, Raphael is responsible for general management tasks, such as day-to-day            
management decisions, as well as implementing Auctus’ long and short-term plans. 

Daniel Duarte​, CTO 

Daniel brings along more than 7 years of senior software engineering experience, having led              
multiple projects at DTI Digital, promoting blockchain technology and leading various blockchain            
initiatives.  

He holds a BSc in Control and Automation Engineering and has further certifications in Machine               
Learning and Salesforce Development & Management.  

Daniel is Chief Technology Officer at Auctus and overseeing the technical development. He is              
working closely with the development team and bridging between technical development and            
general management.  

Vinicius Melo​, Head of Strategy 

Vinicius brings along retirement fund experience, having worked at one of Brazil's main pension              
fund companies (FUNPRESP-JUD).  

He is a certified professional by the Certification Institute of Social Security Professionals (ICSS),              
mandatory for Executive, Supervisory and Governing Board members, as well as for investment             
committee members and other pension fund employees directly responsible for investing benefit            
plans’ guaranteeing resources.  

At Auctus, Vinicius is responsible for all strategy related tasks, such as token economics, token               
sale related strategies, as well as corporate strategy related questions. 

Ludmila Lopes​, Head of Marketing 

Ludmila brings more than 5 years of software engineering experience, as well as time working as                
Director for a university enterprise, where she oversaw the marketing team.  

She holds a BSc in Software Engineering.  

At Auctus, Ludmila is responsible to develop and regularly update the community. Her deep              
understanding of software, combined with her interest in marketing and community management,            
allow her to effectively spread Auctus’ values. 

 

29 



Daniel Boaventura, ​Head of Operations 

Daniel brings along international experience working as manager and supply chain management            
expert with 7 years of supply chain experience working for ESAB.  

He holds a BSc in Mechanical Engineering and a CBA certification in supply chain.  
At Auctus, Daniel is leveraging his experience in supply chain, by overseeing the operations. He               
is coordinating and guaranteeing timely execution of the platform, making sure our timeline is              
met. Furthermore, he is also coordinating bounty campaigns and other operational initiatives. 

Felipe Silveira, ​Project Manager 

Felipe has more than 12 years of software development experience. He brings along more than               
7 years experience as Operations Manager and Partner at DTI Digital. Felipe grew DTI Digital               
with 4 other partners within 7 years, from a small team of 5, to a nationwide IT consulting and                   
development enterprise with more than 150 employees. 

Prior to DTI Digital, Felipe was a Software Developer at Accenture, responsible for a larger team                
of developers.  

He holds a BSc in Engineering and a postgraduate degree in Interaction Design.  

At Auctus, Felipe is responsible to coordinate the development of the Auctus Platform and              
bridging between general management and development. 

Thiago Araújo,​ Senior Software Engineer 
Thiago brings along 7 years of experience with DTI Digital as Senior Software Engineer. Prior to                
joining Auctus, he led numerous large scale software and automation projects with a focus on               
risk management and cyber security.  

He holds a BSc in Engineering, Automation and Robotics.  

At Auctus, Thiago plays a key role in the development team. He focuses on making the Auctus                 
platform stable and secure, minimizing risks such as hacking, blockchain overload, server            
overload and wrong transactions. 

Guilherme Gusman, ​Senior Software Engineer 

Guilherme has more than 10 years of software development experience. He brings along             
experience as a co-founder and CTO of LG7.  

He started his career as a software engineer at DTI Digital and went on founding Livobooks. With                 
his current partner at LG7, Guilherme started another business called ‘VG Resíduos’, a waste              
management software that reduces environmental impact, lowers the risk to be sanctioned and             
ultimately saves costs.  

Guilherme holds a BSc in Engineering. 

At Auctus, he was chosen as the brain behind our platform, ensuring that our users have a                 
smooth experience managing their funds. 

Ariny Guedes, ​Lead Ethereum Engineer 

Ariny brings more than 6 years of experience as Senior Software Engineer at DTI Digital. He is                 
an expert in C#, Java, C++ and Ethereum Blockchain.  

30 



He holds a BSc in Control and Automation Engineering.  

At Auctus, Ariny is our most productive developer and can virtually program anything. He is               
responsible for defining the structure of the Ethereum blockchain layer of the platform. 

Daniel Vitorino,​ Senior Software Architect 

Daniel has more than 8 years experience in software engineering, working as Senior Software              
Engineer at DTI Digital and as Tech Leader at Itaú - the largest bank in Latin America. He is an                    
experienced full-stack developer, his know-how extends from database modeling and tuning, to            
find mobile/web layout adjustments.  

He holds a BSc in Control and Automation Engineering.  

At Auctus Daniel is responsible for designing and developing our platform. He makes sure we're               
adopting the best development practices in a lean and efficient way. 

Mariana Azzi,​ UX/UI Designer 

Mariana brings along more than 6 years experience as UX/UI Designer at DTI Digital.  

She holds a BSc in Graphic Design.  

At Auctus she is responsible for ultimately enhancing user experience on our platform and is               
working closely with the developing team. 

Samir Taiar,​ Brand Interaction Designer 

With over 10 years of experience, Samir is the cofounder of Onrizon, an online games studio                
responsible for developing Gartic, a draw and guess mobile game. With almost 3,000 followers              
on Behance.  

At Auctus, he is our Illustrator and Photoshop wizard, responsible for the design of the website                
and amazing illustrations. His design helps to communicate our values and business model to              
our stakeholders.  

31 



11 - Collaborations 
Auctus is collaborating and using third party services in various areas to strengthen the              
services offering of the Auctus Platform. 
 
Auctus has been supported by other projects and companies in the following areas: 
 
Robo-Advisory: ​Horizon Investments Inc., United States 
Analytics: ​Symetrics B.V., Netherlands 
Asset Lending: ​Ripio Credit Network, ripiocredit.network 
Decentralization of Operations:​ Aragon, aragon.one 
Trading:​ 0x, 0xproject.com 
 

 

 

 

  

32 



12 - Roadmap 
 

Q1 2017 ● First Whitepaper Drafts 

Q2 2017 ● Launch of Auctus  

Q3 2017 ● Pre-sale 

Q4 2017 ● Demo release 
● Business Advisory Board 

Q1 2018 ● Strategic Partnerships 
● Company Incorporation 
● Alpha Release 
● Launch of Main Token Sale 

Q2 2018 ● Alpha promotion (feedback & adjustments) 
● Development of Beta Platform 
● Partnership with exchanges 

Q3 2018 ● Beta Release (analytics & advisory) 

Q4 2018 ● Ceres Release (cryptocurrency assets) 

Q1 2019 ● Phoebus Release (tokenized assets) 
● Traditional Asset Management Licenses 

Q2 2019 ● Minerva Release  

Q3 2019 ● Jupiter Release 

  

33 



13 - Development Milestones 
 
Auctus will develop a series of releases with increasing complexity and features. The 
purpose of the development strategy is to be positioned as the first mover in the blockchain 
retirement plan market, as well as keeping maximum upside to evolve in a fully integrated 
platform. 

 

13.1 - Auctus Demo 
The first development milestone for Auctus was the release of the demo platform             
(​https://demo.auctus.org/)​, which was released on Nov 7​th​, 2017. The demo was created to             
illustrate the emulation of retirement plan constraints, for example 401(k) plans, into smart             
contracts using the Ethereum Network. 

The demo was developed in C#, using the .NET Core cross-platform and open-source             
framework. The idea was to create a friendly user interface using the MVC pattern to               
simulate a retirement plan where the backend code dynamically generates and deploys            
smart contracts in the Ethereum test network Rinkeby. 

34 

https://demo.auctus.org/)


 

The processor power was divided into 2 servers: one for the web layer of the application and                 
the other for running Ethereum nodes. The communication between the servers is made             
through a shared database. The client communicates with the Front Web Server nodes, that              
save client’s data in the database. Geth Node Servers subsequently receive this data,             
publish the smart contracts and generate Rinkeby Network transactions. After that, both            
servers initiate a polling process to monitor contracts/transaction creation and update client            
data. 

 

In the demo, the user is able to input the constraints of the simulated employer-sponsored               
retirement plan (employer match rate and ceiling, as well as vesting period) and define a               
static asset allocation for the plan. Certain assumptions and simplifications were made, such             
as historical data to simulate portfolio returns and the static allocation used. 

35 



 

 

Source: Auctus Demo 

Afterwards, a smart contract is generated using a template where the chosen parameters             
are replaced in the code and the contract is deployed in the Ethereum testnet (users are                
able to track contract creation and transactions using​ ​https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/​). 

36 

https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/
https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/


 

Source: Auctus Demo 

The final step of the demo is the user dashboard, where it is possible to simulate                
contributions (all deposits are represented by Ethereum transactions in the testnet) and track             
portfolio performance in a total of five years. 

 

Source: Auctus Demo 

The result is shown in a chart that is updated every time a transaction is confirmed in the                  
testnet. The links to all transactions are shown in a table and it is possible to track them on                   
Etherscan. 

37 



 

Source: Auctus Demo 

At any moment, it is possible to end the simulation withdrawing the funds (also recorded on                
Ethereum testnet) and the amount the user will get respects the vesting rules and the period                
simulated. 

 

Source: Auctus Demo 

 

  

38 



13.2 - Auctus Alpha 
The next development milestone is the release of an alpha version of the platform. 

 

The alpha will illustrate the portfolio recommendation features of the full platform, as well as               
the human advisory marketplace. Users will be able to set their goals and get a portfolio                
recommendation with expected returns. They will also be able to register themselves as             
advisors and make projections for different portfolios. Those recommendations will be           
offered in a public marketplace. 

Some of the architectural aspects used in the demo and the lessons learned are useful for                
the alpha, but at the same time a lot is being improved. The transition from the alpha to the                   
full platform will include adjustments based on alpha testing and feedback from the             
community. 

13.3 - Development of the automated investment product 

In parallel with releasing the alpha platform, the development team is planning the inclusion              
of investment features, such as asset management, automated portfolio rebalancing and           
exchange execution.  

The idea is to treat the two core groups of functionalities in the platform as separate products                 
that will be later combined to give the users the full experience. The first group consists of                 
analytics, robo and human advisory marketplace and the tools and dashboard to track             
performance. The second group consists of asset management, automated investments,          
recurring funding and exchange between tokenized assets.  

The third milestone is to start the development of the features in the second group of                
functionalities, which will be guided by the definitions made together with the business             
development team, such as applying for licenses, partnering with providers of tokenized            
traditional assets, integrating with a decentralized exchange protocol (0x protocol ) and           

11

11 https://0xproject.com/ 

39 



integrating with other platforms that might provide functionalities that are out of the scope of               
Auctus platform. 

13.4 - Blockchain and token integration 

After thoroughly testing the alpha and gaining feedback from the community and advisors,             
the next milestone is to integrate the AUC token with the platform and deploy it on the                 
Ethereum network. 

13.5 - Auctus Beta 

The beta platform will consist of all alpha features, including improvements and adjustments             
made during the testing period, plus the robo advisory marketplace, additional built-in tools,             
all integrated with smart contracts and using the AUC token as the only payment              
mechanism. 

The Auctus Beta will be released on Ethereum mainnet. The trading and asset management              
features will be gradually added on later releases and updates. 

  

40 



14 - Token Sale & Allocation 
The team behind Auctus has been following the latest token sales to gain perspective and               
learn from mistakes and successes. It is important to us to act in the interest of token sale                  
participants at all time and therefore believe it is crucial to align interests between the               
community and developing team. 
  

14.1 - Token Sale 

No Offloading of Ethers 

We have seen many other companies exchanging Ethers (ETH) for fiat currencies right after              
the token sale, thus placing downwards pressure on ETH’s price. We believe that the              
strength of the Ethereum network and community is an integral part of our success. We view                
ETH offloading as unhealthy for the market and also economically disadvantageous for our             
project. We will therefore keep our funds to a large extend in ETH and only exchange to                 
conventional currency whenever expenses need to be made. To guarantee this, our raised             
Ethers will be locked by smart contract and vested as follows: 

● 40% of raised ETH after token sale 
● 5% of raised ETH per month 

Vested AUC Token for Team Members 

The entire Auctus team will have vested AUC token to incentivize fundamental long-term             
success. Auctus has a long-term vision and wants to significantly grow the community over              
the years. To guarantee this, team members will have vested AUC tokens to make sure               
there is a strong incentive to reach milestones and achieve long lasting success. 
AUC Tokens for Auctus team members will be vested as follows: 

● 2-year vesting period 
● 6 month cliff 

 
This means Auctus team members won’t be able to transfer AUC token immediately after the               
token sale. Token sale participants will of course be able to transfer AUC token immediately               
after close of token sale. 

The Token Sale 

To participate in the token sale, every prospective participant will have to register for our               
whitelist. The token sale whitelist is already available at https://auctus.org. Once registered,            
the participants shall be able to purchase AUC tokens using ETH during the Token Sale. 

As a part of the whitelisting procedure, each participant shall be required to provide some               
basic information, e.g. name and the amount such participant is planning to contribute.             
Some of the participants may be further required to provide additional information and             

41 



documents in order to verify their identities in accordance with AML and CTF procedures of               
Auctus Project Inc. Auctus reserves the right to reject any potential AUC token purchaser. 

Guaranteed participation without spending a lot of gas 

On the first day of token sale, every registrant will have guaranteed access to purchase a                
predefined maximum amount of tokens. The maximum will be defined as follows: 

Max amount of AUC token available in token sale / whitelist registrants = Max contribution on                
day 1 

This process guarantees participation in the token sale process for every whitelisted            
participant, without the need to rush and without the need to spend a lot of gas. Furthermore,                 
this process democratizes the user base, making the Auctus community diverse and strong,             
significantly reducing the risk of large token holders taking advantage of the community and              
acting in an undesired way. 
 

Burning of AUC Tokens 
In case the hard cap isn’t reached in the token sale, unsold AUC tokens will be burned                 
immediately at the end of the token sale. Reserves are locked for 1 year, if they aren’t                 
needed, they will be burned as well. 
 

 
No sale of AUC token after close of token sale 
We have observed other projects selling tokens after the token sale, without offering             
transparency to their existing community. We find this highly questionable and won’t be             
selling any AUC token after our token sale. As mentioned, if not sold out, we will burn the                  
remaining AUC token. Our reserves will be locked for 1 year, after that management will               
decide whether some, or all reserves will be sold. Remaining reserves will be burned. 

Transparent and Auditable Smart Contract for the Token Sale 

The smart contract will be revealed a few days prior to the token sale, allowing quality                
control and auditing of the locking rule. Revealing the contract early will help to avoid funds                
being sent to an incorrect address. Furthermore, the contract address will be revealed using              
the name ​auctusproject.eth which is already registered on ENS (Ethereum Name Service -             
https://ens.domains/)​ to reduce the chance of phishing attempts in the token sale process. 

Token Sale Summary 

● Token Price: 2000 AUC / ETH 
● Total Token Supply: 106,000,000 AUC 
● Launch Date: 27 March 2018, 2pm GMT 
● End Date: 31 March 2018, 2pm GMT 
● Total Minimum Cap: 4300 ETH 
● Hard Cap: 26,790 ETH 
● ETH accepted only / Mandatory whitelist registration 
● Tokens will be immediately transferable after the Token Sale ends 

42 

https://ens.domains/)
https://ens.domains/)


Pre-Sale Summary 

Our pre-sale took place well in advance of our token sale (3 - 6 October 2017), prior to the                   
creation of the advisory board and partnerships. 

The pre-sale was conducted as a test run for the token sale, limiting the maximum               
contribution per participant at 10 ETH. The intention of the pre-sale was to raise a controlled                
amount of funds, allowing us to organize a token sale of the highest quality, while being able                 
to afford legal advice and media/PR support from leading companies. 

Pre-Sale specifications: 

● Max contribution per participant: 10 ETH 
● Date: 3 to 6 October, 2017 
● Minimum cap: 400 ETH 
● Token Price: 2500 AUC / ETH 
● All pre-sale tokens are non-transferable and locked by smart contract until end of             

token sale 

Pre-Sale results: 

● 958.9 ETH raised 
● Soft cap of 400 ETH raised within 10h 56m only 
● 272 valid transactions completed 
● 254 distinct addresses 
● An average of 3.52 ETH per participant 
● Min cap surpassed by 240% 

14.2 - Token Allocation 

 

Public Contributors (51%) 

51% of all tokens will be made available to the community. The intention is to create a                 
diverse and strong community with the maximum amount of long-term supporters, ideally            
with an interest of using the Auctus Platform. 

43 



Tokens will be immediately transferable after close of token sale. 

Auctus Core Team (20%) 

20% of AUC supply will be allocated to Auctus’ Core Team (founders, early backers and the                
development team) for a long-term alignment of interests. 
Vesting: 2 year vesting with 6 month cliff. This means tokens will ​not be immediately               
transferable. 

Reserve for Future Stakeholders (18%) 

To allow for possible capital raises in the future, 18% of tokens will be reserved for future                 
stakeholders. This stakeholder reserve will be locked via smart contract for 12 months. It will               
only be used if there is a need, or opportunity, to accelerate the growth of the company. This                  
reserve can be used for strategic partnerships, to encourage the adoption of the Auctus              
Platform and the provision of capital in case of excessive devaluation of ETH. If deemed               
unnecessary, these tokens will be burned. 

Partnerships and Advisory (9%) 

9% of tokens are allocated for partners and advisors. 

Vesting: 80% of tokens with 6 month vesting and 3 month cliff. 20% of tokens will be                 
immediately transferable after the close of token sale. 

Bounties (2%) 

Max of 2% of tokens are allocated for bounty campaigns to help us spread the word about                 
Auctus: Bitcointalk Signatures, Bitcointalk Translation, Facebook, Twitter, blog articles,         
media publication, thread support, etc.  

44 



15 - Use of Proceeds 
 

 
 

Product Development (42%) 

The main use of funds will be to release the Auctus platform. If the minimum cap is reached,                  
the development will continue with current team size and current offices. 
 
The 42% allocated for product development includes: 

● Software licenses and server expenses; 
● Design (UI / UX); 
● Office expenses; 
● Salaries; 
● Security audits / technical due diligence. 

 
In the case where more than the minimum is reached, Auctus will be able to expand the                 
development and design teams and move ahead faster. 

Business Development (28%) 

There is a big challenge ahead of us to get where we want to be, as we have the intention of                     
expanding the MVP to the full platform with asset management and automated investments.             
We will use 28% of the funds raised for this. The business development costs include: 

● Hiring specialized law firms to help us with regulatory and licensing frameworks for             
the investment platform and entering retirement markets; 

45 



● Educate users on the use of the platform; 
● Secure strategic partnerships with other companies and projects, both traditional and           

blockchain; 
● Onboard of more business advisors, new clients, 
● Sales staff; 
● Travel expenses to attend conferences and events. 

Communication and Marketing (18%) 

We will have PR partners and run marketing campaigns to increase platform adoption and              
project awareness. The allocation of 18% of funds raised for this includes: 

● Building local communities (marketing campaigns in different languages aiming at          
different markets); 

● Keep the social networks and communication channels updated and well managed; 
● Produce videos; 
● Regular press releases with project updates. 

Other Expenses (12%) 

We estimate that other costs that are not directly related to development, business or              
marketing will consist of 12% of the total. Those expenses include administrative and             
operational costs, human resources consultancy for expanding the team, a small reserve for             
unforeseen events and other services (calls, printing, Ubers, etc). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
  

46 



16 - Marketing Strategy 
 
Auctus plans to be the first mover in the retirement cryptocurrency / robo-advisory space. 
This allows us to run a tailored marketing strategy that is based on three pillars:  

Targeting Innovators and Influencers 

We are initially targeting tech-savvy consumers with lower barriers of entry. Employees of 
other cryptocurrency projects, that seek to have an innovative retirement solution will be our 
initial target clients.  
 
Innovators, the alpha-dog of influencers, take pride in being the first to know about, try 
and/or have something before everyone else. We will target this client segment by working 
with targeted social media articles, but without banners. Quality marketing and getting 
referrals from influencers will be at the center of our marketing strategy. 

Fintech and Retirement Plan Events 

As we’re an innovative product, we can relatively easily get featured in retirement and 
Fintech magazines/websites. To increase chances of publication, we plan to take part in 
major Fintech events as well as retirement plan conferences. 

Social Media 

As a third pillar of our marketing strategy, we intend to launch targeted social media 
campaigns, aimed at the cryptocurrency community. A mix of information, education and 
gamification of our platform should get the necessary intention and traction. 
 
 

 

  

47 



Disclaimers and Risks 
THIS WHITEPAPER SETS FORTH THE DESCRIPTION OF THE PLANNED AUCTUS          
PLATFORM AND THE USE OF AUC TOKENS, WHICH IS BEING PROVIDED FOR            
INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS WHITEPAPER IS NOT A BINDING LEGAL          
AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT OF A SIMILAR NATURE. AUC TOKEN SALE SHALL BE            
GOVERNED BY A SEPARATE LEGAL AGREEMENT “TERMS OF AUC TOKEN SALE”,           
AVAILABLE ON AUCTUS’ WEBSITE. IN THE EVENT OF A CONFLICT BETWEEN TERMS            
OF AUC TOKEN SALE AND THIS WHITEPAPER, THE TERMS OF AUC TOKEN SALE             
SHALL GOVERN. THIS WHITEPAPER DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN ADVICE NOR A           
RECOMMENDATION BY AUCTUS, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, MANAGERS,       
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, ADVISORS OR CONSULTANTS, OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO          
ANY READER OF THIS WHITEPAPER AS TO THE PARTICIPATION IN THE TOKEN            
SALE.  
 
PARTICIPATION IN THE TOKEN SALE CARRIES SUBSTANTIAL RISK AND MAY          
INVOLVE SPECIAL RISKS THAT COULD LEAD TO A LOSS OF ALL OR A SUBSTANTIAL              
PORTION OF CONTRIBUTION. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU              
SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER           
PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR AND IMMEDIATELY NAVIGATE AWAY FROM AUCTUS’        
WEBSITE; DO NOT CONTRIBUTE TO THE AUC TOKEN SALE IN THIS CASE. 

No potential use 

As of the date of this whitepaper publication, AUC Token has no known potential uses               
outside of the Auctus Platform and is not permitted to be sold or otherwise traded on                
third-party exchanges.  

Risk of loss 

Do not participate in the Token Sale unless you are prepared to lose the entire amount you                 
contributed for purchasing AUC Tokens. AUC Tokens should not be acquired for speculative             
or investment purposes with the expectation of making a profit or immediate resale.  
 
No promises of future performance or value are or will be made with respect to AUC Tokens,                 
including no promise of continuing payments, no promise of inherent value and no guarantee              
that AUC Tokens will hold any particular value. Unless prospective participants fully            
understand and accept the nature of Auctus Platform and the potential risks inherent in AUC               
Tokens, they should not participate in the Token Sale.  

Third party data  

This whitepaper includes references to third party data and industry publications. Auctus            
believes that this industry data is accurate and that its estimates and assumptions are              
reasonable; however, there are no assurances as to the accuracy or completeness of this              

48 



data. Although the data are believed to be reliable, Auctus has not independently verified              
any of the data from third party sources referred to in this whitepaper or ascertained the                
underlying assumptions relied upon by such sources. 

Legal uncertainty 

Auctus is in the process of undertaking a legal and regulatory analysis of the functionality of                
AUC Tokens. Following the conclusion of this analysis, Auctus may decide to amend the              
intended functionality of AUC Tokens in order to ensure compliance with any legal or              
regulatory requirements to which it is subject. In the event that Auctus decides to amend the                
intended functionality of AUC Tokens, Auctus will update the relevant contents of this             
whitepaper and upload the latest version of this to its website at auctus.org. AUC Tokens               
could be impacted by regulatory action, including potential restrictions on the ownership,            
use, or possession of such tokens, which may demand that the structure or application of               
AUC Tokens be altered, all or in part. Auctus may revise mechanics to comply with               
regulatory requirements. Nevertheless, Auctus believes that it has taken all commercially           
reasonable steps to ensure that its planned mechanics are proper and in compliance with              
currently considered regulations. 
 
Auctus’ intended activities are subject to various laws and regulations in the countries where              
it operates or intends to operate. Auctus might be obliged to obtain different licenses or other                
permissive documents in each jurisdiction where it intends to operate its business, therefore,             
Auctus’ business in such jurisdictions shall always be subject to obtaining such licenses or              
permissive documents, if so directed by applicable laws. There is a risk that certain activities               
may be deemed in violation of any such law or regulation. Penalties for any such potential                
violation would be unknown. Additionally, changes in applicable laws or regulations or            
evolving interpretations of existing law could, in certain circumstances, result in increased            
compliance costs or capital expenditures, which could affect Auctus’ ability to carry on the              
business model and the AUC Tokens model proposed in this whitepaper. 

Forward looking statements 

This Whitepaper, content of Auctus’ website, press releases, public statements etc. may            
contain forward looking statements, i.e. statements related to future events. Forward looking            
statements often address the expected future business and financial performance of Auctus,            
the performance and effectiveness of Auctus Platform, often contain words such as “expect”,             
“intend”, “plan”, “believe”, “will”, “would”, “ultimately”. All statements regarding Auctus’          
financial position, business strategies, plans, future functionality of the Auctus Platform and            
prospects and the future prospects of the industry which Auctus is in, are forward-looking              
statements. Such forward looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to             
different degrees, uncertain. Auctus undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking           
statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this whitepaper. Auctus cannot              
guarantee that any forward looking statements made by it or expected results of operation of               
Auctus Platform will correlate with the actual future facts or results. You must understand              
that Auctus Platform may not have all of the expected functionality. Auctus does not take any                

49 



responsibility in regards to the functional capabilities of Auctus Platform, which is provided             
“as is”. 

Risk of theft 

Auctus will make every effort to ensure that the funds received from the Token Sale are                
securely stored and held. Notwithstanding the aforesaid, there is no assurance that there will              
be no theft of the cryptocurrencies as a result of hacks, sophisticated cyber-attacks,             
distributed denials of service or errors, vulnerabilities or defects on the Auctus’ website, in              
the smart contract(s) on which the escrow wallet and the Token Sale rely, on the Ethereum                
or any other blockchain, or otherwise. Such events may include, for example, flaws in              
programming or source code leading to exploitation or abuse thereof. In such event, even if               
the Token Sale is completed, Auctus may not be able to receive the cryptocurrencies raised               
and\or use such funds for the development of the Auctus Platform. In such case, the               
development and launch of the Auctus Platform might be temporarily or permanently            
curtailed. As such, distributed AUC Tokens may hold little worth or value. 

Technological risks 

An open-source development comes with risks related to hacking and cyber attacks that can              
cause a negative impact. To mitigate that risks the team will be allocating resources in               
auditions and security tests, to ensure the platform's safety. 
Also blockchain development is relatively new and there will be a challenge requiring human              
resources with this specific knowledge.  
In addition, as Auctus plans to have a fully system-controlled marketplace there is a risk that                
robo advisor platform can't adapt to increasing business volumes and changes. To mitigate             
this we plan to allocate resources in server scaling and have 24/7 infra support. 

Business risks 

Having a technology-based platform might reduce the amount of clients Auctus can reach.             
Some investors are still reluctant in trusting your portfolio's investment in a robo advisor than               
in a human expert. To mitigate that risk we are also implementing the possibility of human                
experts developing portfolio suggestions to the platform. Another risk involved is regarding            
investment's goal and investor's risk. Since those parameters are inside the platform that can              
be a misunderstanding in assets allocations according to the investor's real needs. 

Risks related to the functioning of Auctus Platform  

The Auctus Platform shall be operated by another entity from Auctus’ group of companies,              
and any events or circumstances which adversely affect it or any of its successor operating               
entities may have a corresponding adverse effect on the Auctus Platform. Such adverse             
effects would correspondingly have an impact on AUC Tokens. 
 
Auctus Platform may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions in its network or            
services, hardware or software defects, security breaches or other causes that could            
adversely affect the Auctus Platform. 

50 



No warranty 

Auctus does not make, or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation,             
warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any              
representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy, and completeness            
of any of the information set out in this whitepaper. 

Unanticipated risks arising from the AUC Tokens 

Cryptographic tokens such as the AUC Token are a relatively new and dynamic technology.              
In addition to the risks included in the above, there are other risks associated with your                
purchase, holding and use of AUC Tokens, including those that Auctus cannot anticipate.             
Such risks may further appear as unanticipated variations or combinations of the risks             
discussed above. 
 
 

  

51 



Conclusion 
The Auctus team has the mission of providing high quality products and services globally,              
using trustless marketplaces powered by smart contracts and blockchain technology. Our           
ambition is to empower retirement savers, giving them control over their savings through a              
transparent and efficient platform with all the analytic tools and robo advisory they need. We               
intend to create a community that helps itself to grow, bringing customers, developers and              
service providers together in a balanced ecosystem where everyone has the incentive to             
play their roles and help each other. 

The token sale process described in this document is intended to allow a wide range of                
individuals and entities to be part of our long-term mission and to make the project financially                
viable, helping us to grow sustainably and achieve our development, regulation and market             
penetration goals. 

We would like to express our very great appreciation to everyone that has been supporting               
our project through feedback, advice, criticism, compliments and technical support. We           
would like to especially thank the Ethereum community for laying the groundwork, paving the              
way for this project. 

 

  

52 



Appendix A: Historical Context 

First Retirement Plans 

The history of retirement plans goes as far back as Ancient Rome (753 BC to 476 AD),                 
where soldiers were guaranteed income after they retired. The first pension funds were             
recorded in the 17th century in Germany. For example, in 1645, ​Duke Ernest the Pious of                
Gotha​, founded a widows' fund for clergy, and another for teachers in 1662. Subsequently,              
various schemes of provision for ministers' widows were established throughout Europe           
around the start of the eighteenth century. Some were based on a single premium, others               
based on yearly premiums to be distributed as benefits in the same year. 

First Pension Plan in Europe 
The first national pension plan was enacted in 1889 by the Prussian Chancellor Otto von               
Bismarck. Pension payments started at the age of 70, decreased to 65 in 1916. Although               
notoriously named ‘iron chancellor’, Bismarck also introduced an individual basic income           
insurance for the elderly, injured and ill in 1889. In England, the first ‘old age’ state pension                 
was introduced in 1908. In The Netherlands, the Dutch Civil Servants Pension Fund (ABP),              
now among the five largest pensions funds in the world, was founded in 1922. 

First Pension Plan in the US 
In the US, public pensions got their start with various ‘promises’, some informal and some               
legislated, made to veterans of the ​Revolutionary War (1775) and, more extensively, the             
Civil War (1861). The first corporate pension in the U.S. was established by the American               
Express Company in 1875. The plan applied to workers who had been with the company for                
20 years of service, and had reached age 60. By 1950, nearly 10 million Americans – or                 
about 25 percent of the private sector workforce – had a pension. Ten years later in 1960,                 
about half of the private sector workforce had one.  

Defined Benefit Plans 
After a few pension plans began to fail, the government-enacted ​Employee Retirement            
Income Security Act (ERISA) in 1974 made pension plans more secure by establishing legal              
participation, accountability and disclosure requirements. With ERISA came the ​Pension          
Benefit Guaranty Corporation​, which insures employee benefits should a pension plan fail.            
This type of guaranteed pension came to be known a defined benefits plan. Workers knew               
exactly how much they would get in retirement, because it was a defined dollar amount or                
percentage of salary.  

Defined Contribution Plans 
In 1978, the so-called 401(k) retirement plan was introduced in the US. The 401(k) is a                
well-known example of a ‘defined contribution plan’. In defined contribution plans, the            

53 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ernest_I,_Duke_of_Saxe-Gotha
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gotha
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Revolutionary_War
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Civil_War
https://www.thebalance.com/fiduciary-liability-under-erisa-462458
https://www.thebalance.com/fiduciary-liability-under-erisa-462458
https://www.thebalance.com/pension-benefit-guaranty-corporation-3305994
https://www.thebalance.com/pension-benefit-guaranty-corporation-3305994


employee bears the risk attached to his or her retirement benefits. In return, the employee               
has more control over his or her retirement investments than in the case of a defined benefit                 
plan. Other examples of defined contribution plans are 403(b) plans, 457 plans and Thrift              
Savings Plans. 

Pension Funds in a Changing World 
After World War II, state pension schemes became more widespread. Simultaneously,           
corporate pension funds gained prominence. Liberalization of financial markets and          
privatization of pension schemes in the 1980s and 1990s brought the sector a more              
prominent role in money markets and capital markets. Following the credit crisis, volatile             
financial markets and increasing regulation force retirement plans to rethink their future.            
Simultaneously, increasing mobility, individualization and technological change confront        
retirement plans with new challenges. 

 

  

54 



Appendix B: Analytics & Projection Tools 
This section provides information on the risk analytics that will be available on the Auctus               
Platform. 

Stress testing (Scenario Projections) 
Users can view the estimated performance of their portfolios, and of the assets in their               
portfolio, under various macro-economic scenarios and over any time range. If a users             
wished, robo-advising algorithms will proactively run scenarios for users and alert them to             
possibly important results. 

Scenarios can consist of various components. They can contain shocks to assets or             
macro-economic indicators. For example, US inflation could be shocked positively, thus           
creating a “high inflation scenario”, allowing the user to see how high inflation would affect               
his portfolio’s performance. Scenarios can also specify hypothetical trajectories for          
macro-economic indicators. For example, a scenario could specify that the oil price goes to              
100 US dollars in the coming year. Again, the estimated effect of this development on the                
user’s portfolio would be instantly available. 

The third component of macro-economic scenarios are various kinds of economic behavior.            
For example, the Federal Reserve Bank can be explicitly modelled as a central bank              
controlling the US interest rate based on its monetary policy. By including such explicit              
behavioral modelling in scenario projections, they become less reliant on “black box”            
statistical projections, more realistic, and better able to present users with the actual risks              
that their portfolios face. The scenario generator used by Auctus is unique in its ability to                
combine advanced statistical modelling with economic behavior. 

The scenarios available to users on the Auctus platform can combine shocks, hypothetical             
trajectories and economic behavior in arbitrary ways. Predefined scenarios will be available            
to users who want to quickly stress-test their portfolios. Advanced users can also change              
predefined scenarios, or build new scenarios of their own. Users will have the ability to share                
scenarios they have created on the platform. 

Scenarios can be calculated over any time range. Some users may be interested in the               
near-term effects of certain shocks, say in the next 6 to 12 months. Others may select a                 
much longer horizon, say 5 – 10 years, to see how a scenario affects the value of their                  
portfolio as they get closer to actual retirement. 

Risk Metrics 
The following risk metrics will be available for users’ portfolios. All metrics are available              
based on historical data (backward looking) or scenarios (forward looking): 

1.​     ​Risk & return: 
Portfolio return and its volatility. The full probability distribution of returns is available             
for advanced users. 

55 



2.​    ​ Value-at-risk: 
The portfolio return such that only in a certain, low percentage of cases compounded              
return will be lower. 

3.​     ​Expected shortfall: 
The expected portfolio return in a certain, low percentage of worst cases. 

4.​     ​Maximum drawdown: 
The maximum decline in portfolio return. 

5.​     ​Impact on risk-return profile: 
Comparison of a portfolio’s risk and return with a fixed, e.g. historical, risk-return             
profile. For example, if the risk and/or return of a user’s portfolio significantly             
worsens, the user can be alerted so he or she is able to make changes. 

6.​     ​Portfolio calculator: 
Simulation of a portfolio’s value given intended monthly or yearly deposits or            
withdrawals. 

Portfolio Optimization 

Users will be able to optimize their portfolios’ asset weights under various well-known             
measures. These include the Sharpe Ratio, Information Ratio, Sortino Ratio and M2.            
Optimization can be done based on historical data or scenarios. Advanced users have             
access to the full efficient frontier, giving risk-minimizing portfolios at desired portfolio            
returns. 

Users are able to add asset weight restrictions to the optimization. For example, they can               
specify that a certain cryptocurrency’s weight should be between 5% and 10% of the              
portfolio. Also, users can construct subportfolios. A user may for example have a             
“cryptocurrency subportfolio”, next to a subportfolio of traditional assets. In the optimization,            
the weights of the subportfolios might be changed, but their internal compositions remain             
fixed. 

A user may also be interested in only a partial optimization of his or her portfolio. For                 
example, the user may consider selling a traditional asset and buying a cryptocurrency, but              
keeping the rest of the portfolio unchanged. Such a “bilateral optimization” will be possible.              
Moreover, the user will be presented with the best possible alternatives for an asset he or                
she is considering selling. These alternatives will be taken from a large international dataset              
covering all major investment assets. 

Crisis Hedging 
Users may be specifically interested in protecting their portfolios’ performance under adverse            
economic circumstances. In order to do this, they are offered a list of the best crisis-hedging                
assets tailored to their portfolios. Adding one or more of these assets to their portfolios               
provides a diversification of risk when it is needed the most. 

56 


