









































1



2

1.INTRODUCTION TO banca ...........................................................................................................2

2.Banca an investment banking community concept ........................................................................3

2.1 Blockchain technology ......................................................................................................3

2.2 Artificial intelligence and expert system ........................................................................3

2.3 Big data analysis technology ............................................................................................4

2.4 comparison between banca and traditional investment banks ............................................4

3.Banca community ...........................................................................................................................5

3.1 Division of banca community ............................................................................................5

3.2 Primary market.................................................................................................................5

3.3 Secondary market .............................................................................................................5

3.4 OTC financial service division ..........................................................................................6

3.5 Basic service division ......................................................................................................6

3.6 participants of banca community ......................................................................................6

4.intelligent management of the banca community investment bank ................................................7

5.platform architecture and technical advantage ...............................................................................8

5.1 platform`s technical advantages .......................................................................................8

5.2 platform architecture ......................................................................................................9

5.3 data transmission pathway ................................................................................................9

5.4 platform starting point ...................................................................................................9

5.5 technology stack ............................................................................................................10

5.6 blockchain system of the banca community .....................................................................10

5.7 Banca Community artificial intelligence system .............................................................13

6.Banca community seed applications ............................................................................................20

6.1 Coin AI .......................................................................................................................... 20

6.2 other seed applications on banca ................................................................................... 22

6.3 Banca digital currency index and ETF ............................................................................ 22

7.TEAM MEMBERS ........................................................................................................................23

8. supporter and early investors ......................................................................................................31

9.BANC：Banca Token APPlication scenarios ................................................................................35

9.RAISING PLAN ............................................................................................................................36

9.1 Total issuance ............................................................................................................... 36

9.2 USE PLAN ........................................................................................................................ 37

9.3 Management mode of banca foundation ........................................................................... 37

9.4 Fund raising Road map ................................................................................................... 38

10.Patents and writings ...................................................................................................................39

11.Risk warning ...............................................................................................................................41



3

1.INTRODUCTION TO banca

Investment banking, after over a hundred years of development in Wall Street, has gradually reached the top of 

the food chain of the financial industry. Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan, Bank of America, Merrill 

Lynch and other titans of industry are synonymous with global financial elites and serve as one of the core 

strengths of the U.S. as a world superpower on an international scale.  Global investment banks receive trillions 

of dollars in financing for businesses each year, and through their asset management, investment consulting and 

securities research reports, dominate the allocation of money amongst global investors. 

However, the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 precipitated a global financial crisis that plunged the U.S. into 

the abyss. Many were under the impression that investment banks that were “too big to fail”, and looking to 

satisfy their unilateral interests, guided investors into over-investing in real estate-related assets while taxpayers and 

investors around the world paid the bill for their greed. After the crisis, people began to reflect on the significance 

of investment banks in the economy. New policies limited borne risks and the requirement for capital increased in 

the operation of investment banks, while individual investors tried to shift their assets to more independent asset 

management organizations. However, it was undeniable that with improved security, these changes weakened the 

positive support of investment banks for the economy. In addition, independent asset management organizations 

were at a disadvantage in acquiring and processing information compared with large investment banks, and may 

not have been able to allocate resources the most effectively as optimum allocation of resources requires a balance 

between centralized information processing and decentralized decision-making. 

With this knowledge, Banca first put forward the concept of the community investment bank, aiming to solve 

the contradictions in the traditional investment bank and play a significant role in determining the new business 

model of the investment bank.



4

2.Banca an investment banking community concept

We define Banca as a decentralized, intelligent community investment bank. The technical implementation of 

Banca is based on three main lines: blockchain technology, artificial intelligence and big data processing.

The establishment of community investment banks is based on a business agreement, trust mechanisms and the 

reward system of blockchain technology. With the development of digital currency in the past few years, the basic 

underlying technology has been through some initial development. Blockchain technology is increasingly being 

applied to industries other than digital currency, which will bring a new vitality to all aspects of the real economy. 

The core of blockchain technology is decentralization, therefore it can effectively prevent all kinds of moral 

hazards caused by the centralized management of traditional investment banks, all while improving operational 

efficiency through collective wisdom and concerted efforts. With the further maturation of other supporting 

technologies, a subversive reform is imperative.

We use artificial intelligence and expert systems to achieve the dynamic and efficient automated management of 

the Banca ecological chain. Automation can overcome human weaknesses, and greatly reduce the probability 

of errors in data collection, integration, and processing. It makes the community bank inherit the advantages 

of large investment banks in terms of information and talent resources, yet overcome any efficiency loss caused 

by excessive vertical and horizontal levels in the management of large institutions. Artificial intelligence has 

successfully replaced manpower in the management of different elements of the Internet, operating motor 

vehicles, visual identification and other areas, and will eventually be widely used in the financial field.

2.1 Blockchain technology

2.2 Artificial intelligence and expert system



5

We will integrate these experiences into the service provided by the Banca platform to communities, based on 

the practices of our team in the field of Big Data analysis. This will make investment banks in the community give 

more accurate recommendations of related service providers to the customer. They will also provide more useful 

data for specific customers to facilitate the ICO customer in more effective interfacing with buyer groups, and 

further promote the service efficiency of BANCA. This process can be continuously improved upon based on 

data gathered with AI technology. 

In addition, we have created the tamperproof ICO project database based on the tamperproof data system of 

blockchain technology, by means of community audit. We’ve created the community platform to provide 

further assurance of the highest quality of ICO project interfacing, as well as enabling the community investment 

banks to become the best new choice for investors.

2.3 Big data analysis technology

2.4 Comparison between banca and traditional investment banks

Traditional Investment Bank Decentralized Community Investment Bank

Project screening is not transparent, and it 

is difficult for ordinary listed clients to get 

the chance of fair competition.

I n v e s t m e n t  b a n k s  a l l o c a t e  g o o d 

opportunities to preferred clients who 

are beneficial to their own interests, 

prof i t  maximizat ion  and ordinary 

investors rarely participate in high-quality 

investment. 

Insider trading and market manipulation 

are common.

Direct contributors in the investment 

bank's ecological chain are often not 

rewarded.

Everyone can participate and play the role 

he or she is best at.

Decentralized, democratic decision-

making, equal opportunities and fair 

competition.

Each project  can  be  exposed,  and 

reviewed by the market.

Ordinary investors can participate in the 

investment opportunities that used to be 

available to only a few.

Contributors can directly get their reward 

that they deserve.

Blockchain technology ensures that data, 

equity and transactions are in real record, 

is transparent, and cannot be tampered 

with. 



6

3.1 Division of banca community

3.2 Primary market

3.3 Secondary market

3.Banca community

Banca`s decentralized community investment bank will cover almost all businesses of traditional investment 

banks, including four aspects: primary market, secondary market, OTC digital financial services and basic 

services.

The primary market is responsible for the listing and underwriting of all kinds of digital currencies, and for the 

introduction of securitized digital assets after the maturity of the business, to make more investors willing to 

hold digital assets by improving their liquidity. In this process, evaluators in the Banca community are free to 

participate in project evaluation and point out the merits and demerits of the project from the respective points 

that they are experts in. In addition, the Banca system uses Internet resources to obtain information about the 

project side. Finally, artificial intelligence dynamically integrates all the data and forms the overall risk rating and 

classification of the project. After analyzing the final project classification and risk rating, the platform identifies 

the most appropriate investors, thus achieving fund linkage.

The secondary market corresponds to the research and asset management departments of traditional investment 

banks, and is responsible for the research and investment, rating and investment management of digital assets. 

These are also based on the decentralized decision-making system of the community groups. Service providers on 

the platform analyze the research, investment and rating. In the process of trading, clients can choose the service 

providers that they trust, or adopt the comprehensive opinions provided by the platform after big data processing 

to assist in the trading of digital assets. Investment management is divided into active and passive investment 

management. The former includes professional traders in the community who provide services in the form of 

purchasing products as required by clients. The latter includes some intelligent investment-following products, 



BANCA|The Wall Street on Blockchain

7

signal trading systems based on research and investment data and virtual currency ETF to be developed, etc.

3.4 OTC financial service division

3.5 Basic service division

3.6 Participants of banca community

The OTC financial service division covers some services derived from businesses in primary and secondary 

markets, including the design and pricing of derivatives, liquidity and risk management based on big data and 

artificial intelligence and digital assets trusteeship.

Basic services include legal consulting, accounting, auditing and compliance provided for project and investment 

sides.

The performance of all projects in primary and secondary markets will be continuously tracked on the platform, 

and kept in the database of digital assets as the basis for evaluating the performance of service providers. This 

performance evaluation system is intelligent and dynamic, affecting the platform’s rating for service providers, 

as well as the distribution of revenue.

Classification of Community Participants

1.Project side:  project seeking, listing, bond issuing, securitization of digital assets, risk
management, auditing and other services

2.Business side: members providing listing planning and execution, research and investment,
rating and risk management of digital assets and other services

3.Selling side: sales channel, sales team, investment club, etc.

4.Investor: purchasing direct-selling products on the platform

5.Technology provider: members supporting and managing the technology, system and data
Basic service side: legal affairs, accounting/auditing



8

4.Intel l igent management of the banca community
investment bank

Intelligent management is the base of the Banca community investment bank. With the team’s experience in 

big data processing and artificial intelligence technology over the years, we have been able to achieve 

efficient platform management, effectively analyzing and processing information offered by service providers, 

project sides and investors on the platform to provide intelligent investment banking services for clients.

This intelligent management is reflected in the following aspects:

● Intelligent search allows users to quickly find accurate information and services

● Big data analysis provides ratings for each member's business level, professional skills and reliability

● Using intelligent agreements to automatically determine business terms

● Recording business data, generating reports automatically, open and transparent, tamper-resistant

● Continuous dynamic optimization of business processes via AI

At the same time, all the project performance data will be continuously tracked and entered into the database by 

us, becoming important material for artificial intelligence learning. As the first platform servicing investment bank 

businesses by using big data & artificial intelligence, Banca is at the forefront of the industry, and as time goes on, 

first-mover advantages will become more obvious.



9

5.1 Platform`s technical advantages

5.Platform architecture and technical advantage

Compared with other projects, our team has unique technical advantages:

● Blockchain technology based on Big Data Framework

● Software-as-a-Service and blockchain as a service

● Risk control based on IN-DEPTH LEARNING and Recurrent neural network

● Smart and effective Search Engines

● Targeted Advertising services

The Banca system introduces a licensing mechanism based on the crowdfunding chain of consortium 

blockchain. The chain has the following technical features:

● Distributed fault – tolerance: the network is particularly robust, with fault tolerance at exception status of

around 1/4 node.

● Tamper-proofness: the data after being submitted will be always available and it can not be destroyed or

modified.

● Privacy protection: Cryptography guarantees unauthorized access to data, but the data cannot be parsed.

In terms of processing performance and scalability, every core node involved in the maintenance of the network 

must maintain a complete storage and process an intelligent agreement, therefore, the total storage and computing 

power of the entire network depends on a single node. The Banca system adopts Kafka stream processing 

and the Hadoop decentralized computing system and other big data technologies to ensure the throughput, 

low latency and high performance of transactions. In addition, in regards to the database and storage system, 

the Banca system uses a new, more specialized NoSQL key-value database, in which each record contains a 

complete block’s information that is naturally associated with its historical information. The data cannot be 

modified once entered, thus the quality of the of data transmission is guaranteed.



10

5.3 Data transmission pathway

5.4 Platform starting point

5.2 Platform architecture

MDA 
[Machine Learning Framework]

Decision Tree, 
Vector
(SVM)

Statistic 
Framework

Other (Graph, 
Network,

Etc.)

Data Service Prototype

Popular List Q/A Personal Ranking 
Engine

[Indexed Answer Store]

Beyond Keyword Search 
Engine

[Structured/Curated 
Article/News Store]

Personalized Recommendation 
Engine 

Semi-Personal
Popular List BoF Recommendation Engine

[Birds of a Feather, Social 
Response Feature Store]

Offline Store

Data Cloud Cluster

Online Store 

K-V Store

Low Level System (Row in Log – R/B Tree)

Domain-Specific Store
(Document, Wild column, Graph)

Query InterfaceOnline Custom Code & App 

Distributed Storage and Computation Platform

DFS Computation ManagerPartition (NS)

Data Cloud Cluster (Store + Compute Supporting infrastructure)

 Data Pipeline 

Store ManagerData-Parallel Computation Engine Optimizer

Data Sources Compression and Processing Advanced Data Analysis Intelligent Application

Device logs

System logs

User behavior
Load
Extracts

Cloud Storage 
Online + Offline …

Raw data table

Platform starting point

Advanced Data Analysis: Intelligent Suggestion and Prediction
Online + Offline

Workflow 
management

Distributed coordination and 
synchronization

Online
Store

Execution Engine

Tools
Data Pipeline

DFS

Infrastructure Automation-Deployment & Monitoring

Cloud Service Gateway through RESTful APIs

Data Sources Compression and Processing Advanced Data Analysis Intelligent Application

Device logs

System logs

User behavior
Load
Extracts

Cloud Storage
Online + Offline …

Raw data table

数据传输途径



11

5.5 Technology stack

5.6 Blockchain system of the banca community

Blockchain has adopted the concept of “Proof of Work” to evade any malicious damage on the data, and use 

probabilistic models to ensure the longest legitimate chains. In addition, there are also pledges based on rights, 

such as PoS, DPoS and Casper. Theoretically speaking, these algorithms are based on the Game Theory, and 

ensure the corporation of the majority by incurring a monetary loss on those malicious participants. The technical 

support for Blockchain has entailed a distributed consensus mechanism, including the classic Byzantine algorithm.

In addition, in terms of performance and scalability, each node in the network maintains a complete storage 

and performs smart contract processing. As a result, the total storage and compute power of the entire network, 

depends on a single node. BANCA systems employ big data technologies such as Kafka streaming and Hadoop 

decentralized computing systems to ensure transaction throughput, low latency, and high performance. In 

addition, in terms of database and storage, the system uses a more targeted new type of NoSQL key-value 

database, in which each record will include a complete block of information and is naturally associated with the 

historical information, once written confirmation can not be modified, thus ensuring the efficiency and security of 

data transmission.

In addition, we have a concise and sophisticated smart contract based on blockchain: The so-called "smart 

contract" is a pre-edited digital language record terms - once triggered, the smart contract to implement the 

Other parts

Workflow 
management

Deployment, measurement and monitoring Puppet

Pig Hive Streaming Storm

MetaData&
DataIntegration
Hcatalog

Distributed 
coordination and 
synchronization



12

corresponding terms or record terms are executed. In simple terms, smart contracts are intelligent contracts that 

record specific terms in computer languages   rather than in legal languages.

From a user's point of view, a smart contract is usually considered an automatic guarantee account. A traditional 

contract means that two or more parties agree to do something in exchange for something or not, each party must 

trust each other to fulfill their obligations, and smart contracts need not trust each other because the smart contract 

is not only defined by the code but also by the code Mandatory, completely automatic and uninterrupted. Smart 

contract system according to the event description information contains trigger conditions to decide whether 

to implement. When the trigger condition is satisfied, the smart contract automatically sends out a preset data 

resource and an event including the trigger condition. The existence of a smart contract is only intended to 

allow a complex set of digitized promises with triggering conditions to be properly implemented in accordance 

with the will of the participants. On one hand, in practice, a software agent performs certain obligations and 

may have control over certain assets in the shared ledger. Data such as stored in the blockchain, validation and 

implementation of the code, is defined as "smart contract code." On the other hand, it refers to the interpretation 

of how legal contracts are expressed and enforced in software and therefore covers areas of operation such as how 

to draft legal contracts and how to interpret them. He defines this type as a "smart legal contract."

From a technical point of view, smart contracts are considered Web servers, except that instead of using IP 

addresses to set up on the Internet, these servers are set up on the blockchain so that specific contract programs 

can run on them. Smart contracts are deployed on shared, replicated books that maintain their status, control 

their own assets and respond to received outside information or assets. It is a computer program that runs on 

a replicable, shared book that processes information, receives, stores, and sends values. Smart contracts are 

collections of codes and data that are stored at the blockchain's specific address. Smart contracts are more 

like automated proxies (or robots or NPCs) in the blockchain that have their own account that automatically 

performs functions driven by time or events, such as the ability to pass information between themselves, modify 

the state of the blockchain (account information, etc.), and Turing complete calculation. The creation of Turing 

complete blockchain and IoT enabled smart contracts to safely and quickly transfer assets and interact with 

physical entities.

In essence, the working principle of smart contracts is similar to the program statements of other computer 

programs interacting with real-world assets through the execution of programs. Non-tamper-proof features 

based on blockchain, as well as automatic execution of smart contracts when conditions trigger, greatly ensure 

the credibility of smart contracts and reduce implementation costs and compliance costs. A smart contract is a 

set of promises that are defined numerically and include agreements on which contractual parties can implement 

those promises. The basic idea of   a smart contract is that many contract terms can be embedded in hardware and 

software.



13

Block chain system architecture.

BANCA Community block chain system

API

Authentication

security 

Community   application

SaaS

Intelligent 
search

Blockchain

Blockchain
Finance

Community 
application

Registration 
and login

Account 
recharge

Account center

Tripartite payment   
Intelligent agreement

Consensus General ledger account P2P networking

Smart contrt Risk Management

Voucher center
Stock equity 
registration

Stock equity 
trading

Stock

Stock equity 
management Stock 
equity certificate

Launch the 
crowd

Project 
review

Information
Real name 
authentication 
Personal center

Real name 
authentication 
Personal 

Follow an 
investment

Follow 
investment

Lead an 
investmen

Dividend

Kubernetes

Community 
management

Precision 
marketing

Blockchain

Software Defined Network (Flannel, DNS)

…...

Software Defined Storage (Hbase, Cassandra)

Blockchain

Myriad Scheduler

Marathon

Big data Others

Agent Agent Agent Agent Agent



14

5.7 Banca Community artificial intelligence system

Technically speaking, intelligence includes two aspects:

Deep Learning and Recurrent Neural Network-Based Prediction Models: The system predicts accurate future 

movements of tokens by mining hidden information from historical transaction data and from deep behavioral 

records. The main goal of deep learning is to learn multi-level features and to create more abstract high-level 

representations by combining low-level features to discover the distributed representation of the data. By building 

a multi-layered Neural Network to simulate human brain learning process, we hope to use the human brain's 

multi-layer abstraction mechanism to achieve the abstract expression of the real object or data, and to integrate the 

feature extraction and classifier into a learning framework under. Deep learning structure feature is a multi-layer 

perceptrons with multiple hidden layers, forming more abstract high-level representation attribute categories or 

features by combining low-level features to find the data distributed feature representation. Multi-level abstraction 

is formed through bottom-up learning, and multi-level feature learning is a process that automatically intervenes 

without human intervention. According to the learned network structure, the system maps the input sample 

data to various levels of features and classifies the output units of the top level by using a classifier or a matching 

algorithm.

For some low-level algorithms, such as neural networks with single hidden layer, support vector machines, etc., 

given a limited number of samples and computational elements, it is difficult for low-level structures to effectively 

represent complex functions, and for complex classification problems, performance and The generalization ability 

of the needle has obvious deficiencies, especially when the target object has a wealth of meaning. Deep learning 

through a network of a large number of simple neurons, the use of non-linear relationship between input and 

output, the complexity of the function approximation of the observed sample fitting, and in the learning of the 

nature of the input sample extract reflects the strong power.

The simplest Neural Network consists of only one neuron, as follows:



15

This neuron consist of  and an intercept of +1 as input, and as output, where the 

function  is the activation function. In BANCA, we use sigmoid as the activation function

A Neural Network is a connected set of multiple single neurons, where the output of one neuron could be the 

input of another, as follow:

As above, the leftmost layer is called the input layer, while the rightmost layer is the output player. All the 

middle nodes are called the hidden layer, as we cannot see their values during training.

Given the parameter set , out Neural Network can be computed using function . In this 

example, it is:

We use  to denote the weighted sum of the th level and the th unit, for example, , 

then  。

If we put all the parameters in a matrix, and use matrix-vector computation methods, we can quickly 

solve these equations using linear algebra.

A Neural Network can have multiple output units. For example, in the Network below, there are 2 
hidden layers:  and  , and there are 2 output units in the output layer  .



16

To solve Networks like this, we would need sample set , where . This would be suitable if the 

number of outputs to be predicted is more than one.

The first step is to define similarity: 

SVD is one of the matrix factorization algorithms and baseline predictor is one type of optimization. The simplest 

SVD is to optimize the following loss function: 

And then use random gradient descent to optimize:

timeSVD++ is to use the time dimension as one additional parameter:

Below is a brief overview of the code:

1.from __future__ import division

2.import numpy as np

3.import scipy as sp

4.from numpy.random import random

5.class  SVD_C:

6.def __init__(self,X,k=20):

7. '''''

8.k  is the length of vector

9.'''

10.self.X=np.array(X)

11.self.k=k

12.self.ave=np.mean(self.X[:,2])

13.print "the input data size is ",self.X.shape

14.self.bi={}

15.self.bu={}

16.self.qi={}

17.self.pu={}

18.self.movie_user={}



17

19.self.user_movie={}

20.for i in range(self.X.shape[0]):

21.uid=self.X[i][0]

22.mid=self.X[i][1]

23.rat=self.X[i][2]

24.self.movie_user.setdefault(mid,{})

25.self.user_movie.setdefault(uid,{})

26.self.movie_user[mid][uid]=rat

27.self.user_movie[uid][mid]=rat

28.self.bi.setdefault(mid,0)

29.self.bu.setdefault(uid,0)

30.self.qi.setdefault(mid,random((self.k,1))/10*(np.sqrt(self.k)))

31.self.pu.setdefault(uid,random((self.k,1))/10*(np.sqrt(self.k)))

32.def pred(self,uid,mid):

33.self.bi.setdefault(mid,0)

34.self.bu.setdefault(uid,0)

35.self.qi.setdefault(mid,np.zeros((self.k,1)))

36.self.pu.setdefault(uid,np.zeros((self.k,1)))

37.if (self.qi[mid]==None):

38.self.qi[mid]=np.zeros((self.k,1))

39.if (self.pu[uid]==None):

40.self.pu[uid]=np.zeros((self.k,1))

41.ans=self.ave+self.bi[mid]+self.bu[uid]+np.sum(self.qi[mid]*self.pu[uid])

42.if ans>5:

43.return 5

44.elif ans<1:

45. return 1

46.return ans

47.def train(self,steps=20,gamma=0.04,Lambda=0.15):

48.for step in range(steps):

49.print 'the ',step,'-th  step is running'

50.rmse_sum=0.0

51.kk=np.random.permutation(self.X.shape[0])

52.for j in range(self.X.shape[0]):

53.i=kk[j]

54.uid=self.X[i][0]

55.mid=self.X[i][1]

56.rat=self.X[i][2]

57.eui=rat-self.pred(uid,mid)

58.rmse_sum+=eui**2



18

59.self.bu[uid]+=gamma*(eui-Lambda*self.bu[uid])

60.self.bi[mid]+=gamma*(eui-Lambda*self.bi[mid])

61.temp=self.qi[mid]

62.self.qi[mid]+=gamma*(eui*self.pu[uid]-Lambda*self.qi[mid])

63.self.pu[uid]+=gamma*(eui*temp-Lambda*self.pu[uid])

64.gamma=gamma*0.93

65.print "the rmse of this step on train data is ",np.sqrt(rmse_sum/self.X.shape[0])

66.#self.test(test_data)

67.def test(self,test_X):

68.output=[]

69.sums=0

70.test_X=np.array(test_X)

71.#print "the test data size is ",test_X.shape

72.for i in range(test_X.shape[0]):

73.pre=self.pred(test_X[i][0],test_X[i][1])

74.output.append(pre)

75.#print pre,test_X[i][2]

76.sums+=(pre-test_X[i][2])**2

77.rmse=np.sqrt(sums/test_X.shape[0])

78.print "the rmse on test data is ",rmse

79.return output

区块链，数据和人工智能



19

The smart rewarding system of BANCA is based on Neural Networks and Pagerank models and we call it AI-

based Contribution Metric (ACM):

 In PageRank:

R = q  × P * R + ( 1 一 q) * e/N  （e is the unit vector）0

 In a context sensitive PageRank:

As below, every node in the hidden and output layers is obtained from the nodes in the previous layer 

with weighted sum and the nodes with “+1” are intercept b. For every node not in the input layer: 

Y=w0*x0+w1*x1+…+wn*xn+b, and Neural Network is equivalent to a multi-level logistic regression structure.

Generally speaking, Neural Networks consist of 3 steps: initialization, feed forwarding, and back propagation.

1. Initialization: Since this is a n-layer Neural Network, we use a 2-dimensional array to record the values, where

the first dimension is the layer number and the second dimension is the location of the node, and the value is the

array value. The error values of all the nodes are recorded in the same way. We also use a 3-dimensional array to

keep the weights of all the nodes, where the first dimension is the layer number, the second dimension is the node

location, the third dimension is the location of the node in the next layer, and the value is the weight value from

the current node to the next node (a random value initialized between 0 and 1). To optimize for convergence,

we use the momentum method for adjustment, and keep them int the 3-dimensional array. We directly set the



20

intercept to be 1 so that we only need to compute the corresponding weight.

2. Feed Forwarding: Use S function 1/(1+Math.exp(-z)) to normalize the value of every node into [0, 1], and

then forward compute until the output layer, while we would not need the S function for the output layers.

3. Back Propagation: We usually use the sum of squares as the error function:

In fact, it is the same as logistic function and we would not discuss the mathematic reasoning of this 

function. We would need to minimize this E function and thus would need to take the derivative:

The error array keeps the minimized error of the weights, and then we can adjust the weights using the 

array. We use the momentum method for the adjustment to avoid any local minimum:

Δw(k+1) = mobp*Δw(k)+rate*Err*Layer where k is the number of recursions, mobp is the 

momentum term and rate is the learning step size.

We can also use the following formula:

Δw(k+1) = mobp*Δw(k)+(1-mobp)rate*Err*Layer



21

6.1 Coin AI

6.Banca community seed applications

SMART BETA CRYPTO FORECAST MODEL

Our team has successfully developed CoinAI digital currency quantitative analysis, medium-term forecast and an 

asset allocation system as seed applications for the secondary market of the Banca community.

Clients can use CoinAI to conduct in-depth analysis of digital tokens and compare the investment value 

and risk of different currencies. 

Clients can use CoinAI to obtain the prediction for the future trend of tokens based on artificial intelligence 

and big data smart beta market timing models.

According to your own risk assessment, you are one click away from building the optimum portfolio.

Based on the dynamic management of the optimized portfolio on token fund and outstanding old back-

testing performance, the return is far higher than that of Bitcoin, while the risk is far below than that of 

Bitcoin. 

●

●

●

●



22

CRYPTO PORTFOLIO ASSET MANAGEMENT

IN DEPTH ANALYSIS



23

6.2 Other seed applications on banca

6.3 Banca digital currency index and ETF

Regime analysis/medium-term forecast system

Intelligent market system

Banca top 10 digital currency indexes and ETF

Banca top 50 digital currency indexes and ETF

Banca top 100 digital currency indexes and ETF

Banca plate digital currency indexes and ETF

A Smart Beta Medium-Term Timing Model for regime analysis developed by our team over the years based on 

big data, money flow and calendar effect will be used as a seed application in the secondary market, and it will play 

an important role in the management of digital assets, asset allocation and risk management. 

Our team has years of experience in designing, issuing and operating financial projects in Wall Street and China, 

especially in the design, issuing, trading and risk management of ETF products. To meet the needs of institutions 

and investors in the field of digital currency for asset allocation and long-term digital asset management, we 

are designing and issuing Banca digital currency funds, which will serve as important seed applications in the 

secondary market on the Banca platform.

A robotized intelligent market system developed by our team will serve as a seed application in the primary market 

to provide liquidity management and market value maintenance for new digital currency projects.

ETF holding the positions in top 10 digital currencies, adjusted monthly.

ETF holding the positions in digital currencies ranking between 11 and 60 in market value, adjusted monthly.

Holding the positions in digital currencies ranking top 100 in terms of market value, adjusted quarterly.

Issuing Banca indexes and ETF on public blockchain, payment, technology and small-market value plates, 

adjusted monthly.



24

Our team has the following outstanding features:

7.TEAM MEMBERS

The Banca team has top professional financial talents from Wall Street, who first entered the field of digital 

currency. They are pioneers developing the investment banking business of digital currency.

An accomplished international technical team. The team has talents in the development of Silicon Valley 

big data, artificial intelligence and top investment banking technologies, more than 15 years of development 

experiences.

Wall Street’s top cross-functional, cross-domain team members. Partners come from early and late 

investment markets, Wall Street's top investment banks, quantitative hedge funds and digital currency 

markets, covering most investment fields, with a wealth of investor networks and resources.

Partners have accumulated financial network resources for many years, which can be converted and used 

in the Banca investment community.

●

●

●

●



25

THe following are key members:

1. Linda Chen  （CEO）

Linda has 12 years of investment management experience in Wall 

Street investment banks and hedge funds, successively working for DFD 

Select Group, a famous fund of hedge fund (FOHF) of asset 

management in Wall Street, Eaton Partners, and Hong Kong’s Ajia 

Partners, where she was responsible for investment management, 

personally interviewing thousands of private hedge funds at home and 

abroad.  She then went on to start her own business, founding Golden 

Bridge International in New York and Shanghai Caichi Asset 

Management Co., Ltd. She is familar with the development path and 

operational management of start-ups.  Caichi Asset introduced the 

Buffett Fund to Chinese investors for the first time, with over 800 million 

RMB of the management scale and over 500 million USD of overseas 

asset management scale, making it a sustained and excellent investment.

After entering the market of digital currency, she was the first to propose 

the application of Wall Street’s advanced Smart Beta quantitative timing 

algorithm to the investments in the  digital token market, achieving 

excellent investment returns for her portfolios. At the same time, she 

accumulated extensive networks between project sides, investors and 

service providers in the field of currency, which lays a foundation for the 

development of the Banca community.

Linda grew up in Australia, graduated from The University of New South 

Wales and received degrees in both Actuarial Science and Accounting. 



26

2. Dr. Yuhan Cai （CTO）

Dr. Yuhan Cai is a leading expert in the financial technology field 

in Silicon Valley, with 16-years of experience in core technology 

development and team management. He has worked for Microsoft, 

Amazon, Google, Apple and other large technology companies, and was 

responsible for the architecture, development and operational 

maintenance of financial big data platforms. He was the Senior 

Technical Director of Apple and was responsible for the design and 

optimization of machine learning models in user behavior analysis system 

before joining our team.

He was the Founding Member & Technical Director of  

ZenMarketing business division, successfully developing integration and 

analysis platforms for big data mobile applications, rapidly setting up his 

own technical team. Project results include: high-speed real-time bidding 

platform, cloud big data risk control system and Samsung private cloud.

Dr.Y u h a n  Cai has obtained many patents for inventions and 

published 25 professional papers on information theory, artificial 

intelligence, big data, game theory, calculation method and other 

fields, and has won several awards from the National Science 

Foundation, United States, and Best Paper and Best Show, etc., from 

the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM).

“Chebyshev Efficient Index”, “Stock Pattern Matching” and other 

patents about big data application obtained by Dr. Yuhan Cai will be 

transplanted to Banca community and become significant technical 

advantages.

Dr.Yuhan  Cai graduated from University of British Columbia (Bachelors 

Degree) and University of Washington (Doctorate in Computer Science).



BANCA|The Wall Street on Blockchain

27

3. Artem Sokolenko  （Chief Marketing Officer）

He is a top-class marketer and sales expert in Europe, having many years' 

experience in international marketing and branding for multi-national 

companies. He is now responsible for the operation and marketing of 

Banca community.

He used to lead marketing teams in Europe, Dubai, the United States and 

Russia while working for multi-national companies and at the same time 

providing strategic advisory to international big brands such as Hershey 

and Armani.

He is going to lead Banca's marketing team and promote the startup's 

idea, product and service on overseas community, social media and major 

international media. 

4. Leo Li （Director of Digital Currency Investment Products ）

Leo has professionally worked as a senior financial products designer, with 

rich experience in financial product design, asset allocation and services 

for high-net-worth investors. He worked for Hillview Capital Advisors 

in Wall Street, where he was responsible for the allocation of all kinds of 

assets around the world and analysis of financial products.  His ten-year 

investment experience covers global stocks, bonds, commodities, and a 

variety of complex financial products. 

In 2016, he returned to co-found a number of financial/non-financial 

enterprises, including Shanghai Qiyi Investment Management Co., Ltd. 

(Founding Partner) and Shanghai Yingquan Education Technology Co., 

Ltd. (Founding Partner), etc.

Leo has a Bachelors degree in biology from Fudan University  and a 

Masters Degree in Finance from George Washington University.



BANCA|The Wall Street on Blockchain

28

5.Jeffrey Barr （Director of Infrastructure of Investment Banking Service）

Jeff is one of Wall Street’s senior investment banking experts who 

worked in Citibank’s Investment Banking Division and was responsible 

for issuing financial derivatives and other complex financial products, 

evaluating and rating derivative projects and related legal affairs, financial 

analysis and business negotiation, etc.

After leaving Citibank, he became engaged in wealth management for 

private families in Wall Street for a long time, and has successfully applied 

his understanding and experience with complex financial products, and 

has gained excess revenue for high-net-worth families and institutions.

He graduated from the world-famous Wharton School of the University of 

Pennsylvania, with a Bachelors Degree in Finance and a MBA.

6. Jay Tang （Director of Operations）

Jay once worked for famous Canadian trading company SwiftTrade and 

at well-known domestic securities company Guosen, successively serving 

as Trader, PR Manager and Director of Operations of a branch. While 

serving as an Investment Counselor, he was responsible for, through 

communicating with China’s top financial public relations companies 

including Citigate Dewe Rogerson, providing all-around financial services 

for institutions and high-net-worth clients and expanding the market 

for the company’s business and products, with excellent performance 

achieved.  

While working for financial institutions, he invested in stocks, funds, 

futures and digital currencies as an independent investor to maintain close 

ties to the market. He can acutely capture the market’s demand trend 

and find investors’ pain points.

Jay holds Bachelors Degrees in Finance and Management Information 

Systems from the North China University of Science and Technology.



29

7.Bing Chen  （Chief Scientist Founding Partner）

Dr. B i n g  Chen is a Senior Researcher of Murray Hill Research 

Center, AT&T, and is is a world-leading scientist in research and 

development of information technology and data processing. She was 

responsible for VoIP network construction and testing, and has 

obtained 21 patents and published 21 papers on IEEE Communication. 

She has delivered many speeches at international academic forums.

She is a world-class expert in speech compression algorithms, echo 

cancellers, statistical analysis, ITU network planning models (E-Model) 

and objective speech quality models (PESQ, PAMS).

Dr. Bing Chen was a lecturer at Rutgers and a postdoctoral scholar 

at the University of Rochester.

She holds a Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering from Taiyuan 

University of Technology and a Doctorate in Experimental Psychology 

from University of California, San Diego.

Dr. Bing Chen’s patents, papers and scientific achievements will be 

used in basic underlying architecture and several modules of the Banca 

platform.



30

8.Liang Yu   （Chief Architect）

Mr Yu was Vice President in the GBAM division of Bank Of America. 

He has more than 17 years of experience in technology infrastructure 

and project management in top Wall Street investment banks and 

world leading financial information providers. He has strong expertise 

in large real-time distributed systems, full stack system architecture and 

implementation of financial information platforms. Prior to Bank Of 

America, Mr Yu worked worked on various positions senior software 

engineer or project manager in the technology departments of Bloomberg, 

Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan & Chase. He led projects or 

was involved in the development of products such as large scale distributed 

enterprise-wide data solutions, real-time global stocks trading systems, 

fixed-income securities trading applications and risk management systems 

for repurchase products.

Mr Yu holds a master degree in Computer Science from Queens 

College, CUNY, NYC.He currently concentrates in the research, design 

and integration of the blockchain technology with various financial 

applications.

9.Pieta Feng （Senior Manager）

Pieta was a member of Enactus, an international entrepreneurial 

organization, and has learnt a lot of entrepreneurial experieences in 

his early years. Enactus, founded in 1975, is a non-profit organization 

made up of global college students, academics and leaders from top 500 

businesses, headquartered in the U.S.

After graduation, he worked for investment divisions of China’s first-

tier investment banks and well-known private placement institutions, 

where he was responsible for market and project analysis. Then, he entered 

the blockchain industry and participated as an independent investor in 

the evaluation and tracking of blockchain projects and trading in the 

secondary market.

Pieta graduated from Zhengzhou University with Bachelors Degrees in 

Finance and Management, and has rich experience  in Media Operations



31

8. Supporters, early investors and advisors

1. Dr. Patrick Dai

Dr. Patrick Dai Founder of QTUM blockchain

Back in 2012, Dr. Patrick Dai started his research and development of 

cryptocurrency and its underlying technologies during his Ph.D. studies 

at the Chinese University of Science and Technology and the Chinese 

Academy of Sciences. He is an active evangelist in the blockchain 

community and a promoter of the blockchain applications in China. He 

previously worked for Alibaba, as a co-founder and a chief technology 

officer of BitSE. As a hero member of bitcointalk (bitcoin and blockchain 

community), Dr. Patrick Dai wrote a total of 10,000 posts. At the same 

time he wrote a "from 0 to 1 to build their own blockchain" development 

manual, which got more than a million views. He also leads the 

development of a series of global blockchain projects.

2.Aleksey Matiychenko

Aleksey is an early developer for the secondary market of Banca’s 

ecological system, which is used to efficiently analyze the investment 

value and risk of digital assets, and build the optimum portfolio . 

He has 16 years of experience in hedge fund quantitative analysis and 

risk management. He was mainly responsible for the construction and 

development of quantitative analysis and risk management systems. He 

served as Chief Risk Control Officer and Technical Director in Fund of 

Funds (FoFs) Investment Division of JPMorgan and led the entire risk 

control team, where he was responsible for the construction of FoFs risk 

control and sub-funds screening and evaluation systems.



32

3. Jayden Wei

Founder of LEEKICO, Executive director of Collinstar Capital, Blockchain 

Fans and Fintech Startup Supporter. Australia's only digital currency block 

chain venture capital licence holder. Cryptocurrency Enthusiast. 

Experienced Fund Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the 

financial services industry. Strong finance professional with a Master's degree 

focused in Master of Business and Master of Professional Accounting from 

Monash University.

The reason for his hedge fund performance is that the in-depth quantitative 

analysis system is currently the most cutting-edge hedge fund screening and 

evaluation system in the industry.

Aleksey, who immigrated to the U.S. from Russia with his parents as a child, 

holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and a MBA from New 

York University, and has obtained FRM, CFA, CAIA and other certificates 

of financial profession.

4. Jonas Sevel Karlberg

Jonas is a co-founder of the Nordic Blockchain Association, and the founder 

of AmaZix, the world’s leading community management and engagement 

firm, instrumental in major successful token sales like Bancor, HDAC (by 

Hyundai), BANKEX, WePower and Sharpe Capital +50 more.



33

5.Quantum Foundation

Qtum Quantum Chain is committed to becoming the future value 

transport protocol and distributed application platform on the Internet, 

providing an automated, credible and frictionless blockchain platform for 

all walks of life. 

6.CollinStar

CollinStar Capital, an Australian based asset management company and 

a market leader in Fintech, specializing in blockchain infrastructure, 

cryptocurrency investments, and relevant consulting services announced 

today that its subsidiary Blockchain Ventures signed an agreement with 

Draper Dragon Fund to set up a co-management fund to help build up 

Hcash Ecosystem.

7.CollinStar Capital

Lester Lim is the Marketing & Token Sale Strategy Advisor to top ICOs 

like Coinfi, Ink Protocol, Dock.io, and Selfkey. He is also a Blockchain 

investor and Founder of a global private syndicate investing in top ICOs. 

Being an online business owner, digital marketing strategist and Facebook 

ads specialist, he has helped private clients made multiple 7 - figures with 

his strategies, and for himself having done 7-figures in revenue and has 

over 30,000 customers from all over the world for his information and 

software business.



34

10.Xing Zao Finance Venture capital firm

October 2014, Xing Zao Finance. was established at the beginning, as 

an innovative financial services based in Wenzhou, to the bank as early 

as the financial firms, as early as venture capital, the Bank as early as 

equity investment clubs, financial coffee meeting room ( KUANGA) 

as the center; the strategic cooperation includes Shanghai Chengtai 

Information (Big Data Bank), CIFH (internet insurance), Bohan 

Finance (finance & public relations), the state finance and education  

And other companies, is also currently investing in a Silicon Valley-

based blockchain technology company (PeerNova); cooperation 

funds are Dimon Fund (Singapore), Wheelock (United States), 

Green Venture Capital, Radium gold control, Carey Capital, letter 

Zhongli, Haiquan Fund, and strive to create a more complete financial 

ecosystem. For investors to provide professional financial services, 

but also for their families to provide scientific financial education and 

financial planning programs. 

8. GENESIS

Genesis is named after Satoshi Nakamoto's concept of Genesis 

Block, which means to create a new era. It is aprofessional investment 

bank and venture capital firmspecialized in the blockchain industry 

founded by ZhuHuaiyang and Sun Zeyu and devoted to 

discovering bestqualityblockchain projects and providing long-

term integrated services to the industry.GENESIS has invested in 

dozens of blockchain projects such as TNB, Space chain, MDT, WKB, 

and IoT Chain.

9. Adrian Lam Ju Miin

ICO Advisor for I House, Darcmatter, Tradehero. ICO Lead for 

Electrify.Asia Founder of Workzspace.com which has listings of 

1000+ Serviced Offices & Coworking space in Asia. Independent 

council member of the Gerson Lehrman Group(GLG). 

Former Chief Operating Officer of Sportshero now listed on 

Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)



35

11.Richard Wang

Partner of Draper Dragon Fund

Master of Telecommunications Engineering, National Jiao Tong 

University, Ph.D. CandidateAs a partner of Draper Dragon innovation 

fund, Mr. Richard Wang is mainly responsible for the investment side 

of artificial intelligence, blockchain, Internet of Things projects. He was 

Involved in investing in ePay, Micro & Nano Technologies, Huan Qing 

Technology, Ai Puke, Wuxi Micro, inspirational technology, and other 

blockchain companies such as Vechain, Metaverse, RedPulse, Chinapex, 

alphacat, and DAF.Mr. Richard Wang during his 20 years of experience 

was engaged in technology research and development, marketing and 

other different positions, with the main focus  in the electromagnetic 

field theory, Mr. Richard also founded EDT.Inc. Participated in the 

development and sales of communications products, Later on worked in 

Mass E-Commerce Co., Ltd. as chief executive officer. 

Mr. Richard Wang in the past few years was interested in integrated 

circuits, financial and industrial Internet of things in terms of the market 

development and applications. At present, Mr. Richard Wang focus on 

artificial intelligence applications and blockchain technology. 

12.Jess Kim

A seasoned venture capitalist, who primarly focusing on crypto startups  

invested several projects including ink protocol, the key, Qlink and 

mediblock background in economics



36

13.Dr.Bin Li

Dr. Bin Li Former Merrill Lynch VP, UBS Executive Director

Dr. Bin Li has 21 years of international financial industry experience and 

outstanding hedge fund management performance. Mr. Li received a 

bachelor's degree in theoretical physics from the University of Science and 

Technology of China in 1984 and went to the United States. In 1992, he 

received his Ph.D. in physics from New York University. After a year of 

postdoctoral research at the renowned Institute of Mathematical Sciences, 

he joined Merrill Lynch and was soon promoted to vice president for his 

outstanding work in securities research and trading strategy.Joined UBS in 

1997 as Executive Director and Head of Global Quantity Trading Strategies 

and subsequently became a member of UBS's six-person executive 

committee in North America. Leaving UBS in 2000, Westport Financial 

LLC was co-founded as chairman and president of the board of directors, 

creating equity securities firms under WF, in the Nasdaq in Hong Kong.

(AAStocks.com). Since 2002, Mr. Li has served as Paloma Fund Manager 

(Paloma is a legendary Quantitative Hedge Fund platform, cultivating 

Renaissance and DEShaws, the world's leading quantitative hedge fund 

renaissance technology company), Chief Operating Officer of Jiang 

Ping Asset Management Corporation, Chief of the Yellow River Fund 

Investment officer and other positions. Because of his outstanding 

performance and legendary experience in the field of financial investment, 

Mr. Li is also known as "Three Musketeers of Wall Street" with Jiang Ping 

and Li Yanxiu. Mr. Li obtained four invention patents granted by the U.S. 

Patent Office such as Automatic Stock Review, Artificial Neural Network 

Timing Prediction System, Market-Neutral Double-Matching Trading 

Model and Automatic Stock Search Technology. The book "Quantitative 

Analysis, Derivatives Models and Trading Strategies," a book by the World 

Science Press three reprinted, has become a classic Wall Street quantitative 

practitioners reference. Mr. Li holds the license of FINRA Securities, Inc., 

securities analysis, derivative securities, futures, traders, etc. in the United 

States: Series 3, 4, 7, 24, 55 and 63. It is also the author of Quantitative 

Analysis, Derivatives Modeling, and trading strategies. Mr. Lee 

started trading digital currencies in 2012 and used quantitative models 

to take advantage of arbitrage, automated operations and long position 

strategies in the unequal pricing of the various exchanges to obtain the 

alpha benefits. 



37

9.BANCA Banca Token Application scenarios

BANCA is the digital token used by Banca community. Members need to pay BANCA for services provided by 

the community, while members who provide services or make contributions to the community will 

receive BANCA rewards. Here are examples of BANCA’s application scenarios:

Application scenarios in the primary market: Members whose recommended projects are adopted will receive 

BANCA rewards; where a project is listed successfully, the project side shall pay BANCA to the listing 

service provider.  Members (underwriting channel) collect BANCA as a project’s token sales fee.

Application scenarios in the secondary market: The digital fund manager pays BANCA to research and 

investment services provider for the Investment Research Report; data collectors sell market data to 

get BANCA; members (intelligent investment consulting team) collect BANCA as a digital currency asset 

allocation service fee; members (token traders) pay BANCA to members (providers of trading systems) to rent 

the systems.

Application scenarios in OTC digital financial services: Members (digital asset trustee agencies) that provide 

asset trusteeship collect BANCA as trusteeship fee; members (risk control experts) obtain BANCA by offering 

risk management solutions to digital asset projects; members (OTC derivative traders) collect BANCA as a 

trading fee. Application scenarios in basic services: Members (investors) pay BANCA to members (law 

firms) for legal consulting; members (project sides) pay BANCA to members (accounting firms) for financial 

and auditing services; members (fund managers, trustees, OTC operators, etc.) pay BANCA to self-discipline 

association as membership fee.



38

9.RAISING PLAN

9.1 Total issuance

Total issuance：20 billion BANCA

Selling 7 billion（35%）BANCA for （about 20 million USD）

1 QTUM=20,000 BANCA  （1BANCA≈0.002USD）

 Private placement

Selling 5 billion BANCA for（about 13 million USD）

 Public placement

Selling 2 billion BANCA（about 7 million USD）

Team members have three years vesting schedule. This white paper is the first draft, and the
distribution plan may be adjusted in the near future.

Proportion

35%

17%

12%

18%

18%

Distribution Objects

Presale & ICO 

R&D

Early investors

Marketing and operation

Team



39

9.2 USE PLAN

9.3 Management mode of banca foundation

Digital currencies raised this time will be used proportionately in the following areas:

● Subject of crowd sale: Banca Technology Limited, The British Virgin Islands.

● Setting up a Singapore non-profit foundation and autonomous committee: Banca Foundation.

● Management principles: overall planning, comprehensive management, practical results, careful

calculation, keeping expenditures within the limits of income.

● Third-party auditing: hiring a third-party accounting firm to audit on a regular basis.

Item

Legal and audit

Operations management

marketing

Develop and support developers

Proportion

3%

25%

22%

50%



40

9.4 Fund raising Road map

In January 2018, Banca community will be launched and complete ICO private placement.

In February 2018, ICO crowdfunding will be completed.

In March 2018, Banca will be listed on exchanges.

In May 2018, the first seed application Coin AI of Banca platform will be launched. 

By the end of 2018, the Banca community investment banking platform will be built and the Beta version 

will be launched.

In 2019, many project sides, business sides, selling sides, technology providers and basic service sides and 

investors will join the Banca community investment banking ecological chain. Its digital asset investment 

banking businesses will be comprehensive. Banca will build up its status as the world’s first community 

investment bank!

●

●

●

●

●



41

10.Patents and writings

1. Patent: Improving The Relevance of Advertisements For Display

Authors: Ryan White, Mihnea Marinescu, Yuhan Cai

U.S. Patent Appln. No. 13/903,889

2. Indexing Spatio-Temporal Trajectories with Chebyshev Polynomials

Authors: Yuhan Cai and Raymond Ng

Proceedings of ACM SIGMOD 2004.

3. Indexing Saptiotemporal Trajectories with Chebyshev Polynomials

Yuhan Cai

Thesis for Master of Science

4. A New Collocation Extraction Method Combining Multiple Association Measures

Authors: Jian-Fang Lin, Sheng Li and Yuhan Cai

Proceedings of ICMLC 2008

5. Collocation Extraction Using Web Feedback Data

Authors: Jianfang Lin, Sheng Li, and Yuhan Cai

Chinese Journal of Electronics, Vol. 18, No.2, April 2009

6. A New Query Expansion Approach Using Collocation Relationships in Language Models for Information

Retrieval

Authors: Jianfang Lin, Sheng Li, YuHan Cai

Journal of Information and Computational Science

7. Personal Information Management with SEMEX

Authors: Yuhan Cai, Xin Dong, Alon Halevy, Jayant Madhavan and Michelle Liu

Proceedings of ACM SIGMOD 2005.

8. Lookup Peaks: A More Sensitive Hybrid of De Novo Sequencing and Database Search for Protein

Identification by Tandem Mass Spectrometry

Authors: Marshall Bern, Yuhan Cai and David Goldberg

Analytical Chemistry 2007



42

9. ByOnic: Fast and Sensitive Identification of Peptide Spectra Using Lookup Peaks

Authors: Marshall Bern, Yuhan Cai

Proceedings of ASMS 2006

10. A Statistical Approach to Instance-Level Schema Matching

Authors: Jianfang Lin, Sheng Li, Yuhan Cai, Michael Zhangai

Journal of Information and Computational Science

11. Patent: End-to-end connection packet loss detection algorithm using power level deviation

Authors: Bing Chen, David Beaumont

U.S. Patent Appln. No. 09/801,481

12. Operating method for voice activity detection/silence suppression system

Authors: Bing Chen, James H.

U.S. Patent Appln. No. 10/942,518



11.Risk warning

This document is for communication purposes only and does not constitute any relevant opinion on purchasing 

Banca. This document does not constitute any investment advice, intention or solicitation regarding the form of 

securities. This document does not constitute and does not understand to be the provision of any trading, or 

any invitation to trade in any form of securities, nor any form of contract or commitment.

Banca team made it clear that relevant users were well-aware of the risks of participating in Banca. 

Investors, once involved, understand and accept the risks of the project and are willing to personally bear all the 

corresponding results or consequences.

Banca team made it clear that it would not bear any direct or indirect losses from participating in Banca 

platform, including:

1.Any possible investment risks arising from users’ participation in the projects recommended by

BANCA platform

2.Any errors, carelessness or inaccurate information arising from personal understanding

3.Losses arising from individual trading in all types of blockchain assets and any acts resulting therefrom.

BANCA is an encrypted token used by Banca platform. It shall not be regarded as an investment.

We cannot guarantee that BANCA will definitely appreciate, and in some cases there is the possibility of a decline 

in its value. People who do not correctly use BANCA may lose their right to use the corresponding tokens.

BANCA is not an ownership or right of control.

Controlling BANCA does not mean ownership of Banca platform. BANCA does not grant any individual the 

right to participate, control, or to make decisions on BANCA platform.

Given that the governments’ regulatory attitude towards blockchain and encrypted digital currency industries is 

still unclear, the risk of establishing blockchain industry fund is objective. Moreover, because blockchain industry 

is at the very early stage of development, there are many uncertain risks. In addition, digital currency is stored in a 

special way, therefore fund risks may be caused by human errors. In response to fund risks, all large-value digital 
43



44

currencies are stored by multiple wallets+cold storage in joint administration by members of the foundation. 

Under 3/5 multi-signature, the risk of theft and embezzlement of funds can be effectively reduced. These risks 

may lead to the final failure of the project.

ICO participants shall evaluate these carefully.

Legal affairs

Banca Foundation is currently established in Singapore. Matters requiring legal advice need to be confirmed by a 

local lawyer.

Dispute resolution

Where there is a dispute, the parties concerned shall, in accordance with the agreement, solve it by consultation. 

If it cannot be solved through consultation, it may be ruled by the court of the place where the foundation is 

registered according to the local law. 




