











































by

WhitePaper v2.1
January 15th, 2018



2BCDiploma | General Warning

GENERAL WARNING 

This document does not constitute an offer or an invitation to sell shares, securities or rights 
belonging to BCD or any related or associated company.

None of the information or analyses described in this document is intended to provide a basis for an 
investment decision, and no specific recommendation is made. This document does not constitute 
investment advice or an invitation to invest in any security or financial instrument of any nature 
whatsoever.

This document does not constitute or form part of, and should not be construed as, an offer for a 
sale or subscription, or an invitation to buy or subscribe securities or financial instruments.

BCD expressly disclaims any liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage of any kind arising 
directly or indirectly from:
(i)  Any reliance on the information contained in this document;
(ii)  Any error, omission or inaccuracy in said information;
 or
(iii)  Any resulting action that may be brought.

We also invite you to read carefully the Terms and Conditions of BCD ITS. 



3BCDiploma | Content

CONTENT

The BCDiploma Project  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .    4

State of play .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .    5
Number of degrees issued worldwide .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 5
The fake diploma market .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 5
Job boards .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 6
Degree certification: the current offering .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 6
How does BCDiploma meet the school’s expectations?   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 7

BCDiploma Concept  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .    9
EvidenZ ecosystem    .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 9
Operational specifications  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  12
Crypto Algo   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  15

The Founders .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 16

Business model  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 17
The business model .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  17
Strategy   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  18

The initial Token Sale .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .    19
The ecosystem of BCDT’s token .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  19
The Initial Token Sale  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  20
Tokens’ sale: settings   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  21
ITS’s completion   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  21
Tokens distribution   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  22
How are we going to use the funds ?    .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  23

Crypto Algo Appendix   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .    24
Technical features  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  24
Architecture .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  25

Terms and conditions   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .    27

References  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .    38



4BCDiploma | The BCDiploma project

The ultimate goal of BCDiploma is to certify 
diplomas in the simplest, most secure, and 
sustainable way possible, by associating 
Ethereum technology with a high level 
of cryptography. As EdTech experts and 
higher education specialists, we know the 
expectations of schools in this domain. 
Facing the falsification of their diplomas and 
an increased competition, they are ready to 
offer their graduates an innovative digital 
service to protect their image.
 
BCDiploma develops a DApp for institutions 
of higher education to enable them to issue 
their degrees on Ethereum. BCDiploma allows 
the graduate, throughout his life, to prove 
the authenticity of his diploma by providing a 
simple URL. It is a competitive solution, durable, 
unfalsifiable, compatible with social networks, 
simple to use, perfectly adapted to the uses of 
higher education. Schools have not yet adapted  
a certification standard? We offer it to them. 
Once put in production for schools, what 
future for BCDiploma, solution developed by 
Blockchain Certified Data (BCD)? 

BCD will have an inexpensive, fast-running 
open source ecosystem created, in order to 
deploy on-chain registries while respecting 
the right of personal data on Ethereum. 

These on-chain registers are usable by all on a 
daily basis: they read a smart-contract certified 
data. It’s a general application of Ethereum: 
each and everyone of us can prove in a single 
click that he is well qualified, doctor, holder of 
a driving license... 
The fields of application are numerous: 
professional competences or certifications, 
registers of regulated professions, internal 
business registers, administrative registers…
 
Ethereum, by its scalability, is technically ready 
to store registers on a large scale: we want 
to develop the framework of it and make the 
use of DApps a daily action for everyone. To 
accompany us in this project is to make a step 
towards a world in which we will all trust in the 
data issued by the institutions.

THE BCDIPLOMA PROJECT



5BCDiploma | State of play

Number of degrees issued worldwide

More than 4 million students graduate every year from higher education throughout the European 
Union[1].

Almost 4 million college students (Colleges and Universities) graduate in the United States each 
year[2].

Nearly 7 million university degrees were awarded in China in 2012[3].

The OECD calculated that its member countries, as well as those of the G20, will bring in total nearly  
204 million graduates aged 25 to 34 in tertiary education in 2020, compared with 129 million in 
2010[4]:

• China: 29% (about 60 million graduates);
• India: 12% (about 25 million graduates);
• United States: 11%;
• Russian Federation: 7%.

The LinkedIn social network exceeded the 500 million registered in 2017: a very large majority of 
them have several diplomas on their profiles.
 

The fake diploma market

Have you ever searched “fake diploma” on Google? Just give it a try before you read the following 
paragraph!

It’s a well-established matter of fact, constantly relayed by the media: the fraudulent use of 
fake diploma, or made-up qualifications on resumes and social media is a hard fact impacting 
schools, graduates and employers. This problem has been addressed in the news many times. 

STATE OF PLAY



6BCDiploma | State of playBCDiploma | State of play

Yahoo!’s former CEO[5] Scott Thomson, or Melania Trump[6] in the US: scandals are constantly 
emerging.

 

 

“In France, 33% of applicants use fake diploma. This number is similar in the United Kingdom. 
According to the official organism in charge of diploma authentication, (...) 30% of the applicants lie 
about their qualifications.” [7]

Two markets, the first one being on the edge of the law, the second one being clearly illegal, are 
taking advantage of this trend:
• Diploma mills / degree mills selling real diploma from schools that don’t exist, or having a more 

than thin physical reality[8];

• Professional websites selling high quality replica diploma.

In order to counter the phenomenon, societies have popped up to “verify” degrees afterwards and 
check their authenticity: Verifdiploma or RiskAdvisory are some examples of this.

Job boards
 
Two main trends can be identified in the education and recruiting market nowadays:

• The job market’s needs and recent amendments show that the tendency yields towards more 
flexibility. As a result, short-term contracts are increasing, volatility in the workforce is rising 
and the recruiting process needs to adapt. Companies need to recruit more, faster and in a 
decentralized and automated way;

• New actors are emerging from this tendency: job boards (LinkedIn, Monster, Indeed) are 
platforms operating on a global market, which strive to answer the need of speed, automation 
and specialization.

A major risk is also emerging from these tendencies: the falsification of data sent by applicants. This 
is a major issue for companies who rely on the veracity of data provided by their employees. This 
is a major issue for the actors of the educational and training system, which have to defend their 
integrity. BCD is here to offer them the perfect solution.

 

Degree certification: the current offering
 
Despite a very active EdTech sector these last years, no standard was ever adopted at a large scale 
to answer to the question of diploma certification.
 
Historical competitors
The historical competitors, like CertainSafe, relying on digital safes, have been proven inefficient in 
curbing the prevalence of forged degrees. They have failed to conquer the market of degree cer-
tification. Their weaknesses are structural: they are too centralized and proprietary, easy to hack 
and their code is closed-source. Their sustainability depends on the survival of the competitors 
themselves. In addition to that, their fee schedule is complex and it is challenging to calculate how 
much storage will cost over the years.
 



7BCDiploma | State of play

Blockchain competitors
Some promising blockchain experimentations emerged: a first one of the Holberton School, and a se-
cond initiative by the ESILV in France. Blockchain competitors have also tackled this issue: Ledgys, 
Keeex or Attores for example.

Their approach is identical: store an imprint of the documents on the blockchain. If the method can 
guarantee the authenticity of the document initially “hashed”, it doesn’t answer several problems:

• The identity of the sender is not proven, and the authenticity of data is not certified: how to be 
sure that the hashed diploma is the original one, and that it was really issued by the school?

• The regulation on the right to be forgotten might also be violated. Indeed, if the document is 
shared, the hash is indelible, and the document stays forever recognizable.

Sony recently revealed its will to commercialize a blockchain application to secure and share 
school’s credentials. They chose a private blockchain (partnering with IBM) and proprietary sof-
tware, which is the opposite of the BCD’s vision. 

We want an open source system based on a transparent public blockchain, but a secured one 
so search engines will not be able to find or use any data.
 

How does BCDiploma meet the school’s expectations?
 
First of all, BCDiploma brings a solution to a concrete and relevant problem that schools’ IT 
departments struggle with. The number of higher education institutions keeps increasing 
and competition is fierce amongst them. Each one of these schools is yearning for a stronger 
reputation and for better quality services for their students. The diploma’s certification issue is in 
every Director of IT System’s mind.
 
An easy implementation
Within schools, IT and administrative services in charge of issuing diplomas are looking for easy 
and practical solutions to use.

BCDiploma offers a “turnkey” DApp, which will allow schools to issue diplomas by a simple data 
upload. By doing so, schools:

• Avoid a complex document management, which is necessary today to implement the current 
blockchain solutions (issuance of a digital “original” document, storage, hash);

• Don’t have to handle digital safes and their access anymore. With BCDiploma, the only element 
the graduate needs to access his diploma is a matching URL.

Safety, reliability and trust
Schools have to deal with the issue of their data’s safety, especially with long-term storage.

• BCDiploma’s encryption algorithm, associated with data storage on Ethereum, ensures a level 
of reliability and safety that doesn’t exist on the current market;

• The Blockchain technology creates trust between the various players: protocols are clearly 
defined and the existing rules are always respected and checked.

Sustainability
Choosing a long-term, reliable service without depending on a provider is a major challenge for schools.

• While using BCDiploma, schools cannot lose their diplomas’ data any longer, as they are stored 
on Ethereum;

• BCDiploma uses open source systems called DApps: data’s access and DApps’ use are guaranteed 
to the schools without any time limit.



8BCDiploma | State of play

No recurring costs
Long-term cost management is paramount for schools.

• Compared to the other market players, BCDiploma is highly competitive. There is no monthly 
plan or maintenance cost but only one payment per diploma;

• If deemed more convenient by the schools, BCDiploma offers an “all-included” service, called 
SaaS, billed after the fact in USD or EUR.

Economies of scale
Alumni or employees constantly solicit schools regarding copies’ issuance or diplomas’ certificates.

Thanks to BCDiploma these issuances can be automated and externalized. Schools will save so 
much time and energy.

Personal data’s protection
Schools must respect the regulations on privacy and personal data.

BCDiploma complies with the essential principles set by the General Data Protection Regulation 
(GDPR) and was created so:

• It won’t be possible for the BCDiploma Solution operators to use or collect data;

• The right to be forgotten regulation could be implemented.

Digital innovation
To be attractive and competitive, schools are looking for digital innovations to serve their gra-
duates in a practical way and improve their reputation.

• Thanks to BCDiploma, alumni can use their diploma’s URL on LinkedIn and other social media, 
without any time limit;

• BCDiploma gives schools a “technological pioneer” dimension.



9BCDiploma | BCDiploma concept

BCDiploma’s solution has an innovative approach: in our opinion, the diploma’s value is based on 
the data’s authenticity rather than on the document itself. This is why BCDiploma will store the 
specific data directly on the Ethereum blockchain.
 
 

EvidenZ ecosystem
 
The EvidenZ Framework
To implement BCDiploma, BCD is going to develop and operate an open source framework[9] called 
EvidenZ.

EvidenZ allows deploying on-chain registers for diplomas in the first place, as well as for any kind of 
data. It has been conceived to respect the regulation on data privacy (GDPR[10], as well as the right to 
be forgotten). The Legal Opinion written by Alain Bensoussan Avocats - Lexing law firm (BCDiploma-
Legal Opinion - September 19th, 2017 - Ms Nathalie Plouviet) underlines how BCDiploma’s tools 
and methods constitue an approach which is respectful of the GDPR. Evidenz has been conceived 
to store small, important and/or permanent data, such as a diploma, a civil status certificate or a 
nomination to the National Medical Council, etc.

EvidenZ certifies data using an innovative approach:

• The data’s issuer is systematically identified and verifiable;

• The data itself is stored on Ethereum and thus cannot be modified any longer;

• Sharing the data is the responsibility of the graduate, employee or citizen it belongs to;

• The data can be made indecipherable by deleting the associated persistence key.

BCDIPLOMA CONCEPT



10BCDiploma | BCDiploma concept

To run EvidenZ, the Ethereum blockchain is the obvious choice. It allows:

• An optimal safety level due to its large deployment and its irreversibility.

• The transparency of a public blockchain, necessary for users to trust it, particularly with the 
open source smart contracts.

• A vast ecosystem and many improvements to come, particularly regarding scalability.
 
Architecture
EvidenZ blocks have three levels of classification:

• On-Chain: smart contracts - SmartValidation, SmartIdentification, SmartPublication;

• On Web: DApps - Crypto App and Reader App, with secured web access;

• Off-Chain: keystore[11].

 

Smart Publication

Crypto App Crypto Algo Reader App

Issue Diploma

Encrypt diploma’s data issued by school 
and push them to seed contract

Smart Validation

Ensure school’s identity has 
been verified upstream

Use URL to read, decrypt and 
format diploma’s data

Smart Identification

Issue school  
identity certificate

Encrypt / Decrypt

“On Chain”

“On Web”

“Off Chain”

School Persistence Keystore

The DApps interact with the Ethereum blockchain and are working exclusively with the smart 
contracts to guarantee a verified data. DApps are open source systems, so that the clients of the 
solution can deploy it themselves. The persistence keys are stored in the keystore, which belongs to 
organizations sharing data with EvidenZ. This keystore guarantees the implementation of the right to 
be forgotten regulation, which, according to the GDPR, is mandatory, worldwide.



11BCDiploma | BCDiploma concept

Decentralized deployment or SaaS
Our goal is to develop an open ecosystem, which will technically be independent from BCD. This 
will allow to:

• Encourage big institutions to adopt it and thus create the on-chain register standard;

• Guarantee a permanent access to the encrypted data stored on Ethereum even if BCD no longer 
exists.

 
The EvidenZ framework has been designed for a decentralized deployment. Schools which 
choose to run it themselves, will operate independently and will benefit from DApps’ support and 
improvements.
If this is the institution’s preference, BCD will offer an “all-inclusive” service, called SaaS. Our firm 
will manage their keystore, by proxy, within a totally secured environment. By doing so, BCD 
takes up a major challenge: making schools use the Ethereum blockchain, by allowing them to 
buy a service in commercial conditions which fit their standards.
 
Focus on the data’s size
The data’s size sent by BCDiploma is a key factor. The cost of the Ethereum transaction when 
diplomas are sent varies mostly because of that. Indeed, sending data via an Ethereum’s 
transaction burns off gas[12] and the miners’ wage has to be considered. The amount of gas 
spent to execute the transaction is proportional to the volume of data sent. Choosing data 
storage directly on Ethereum over a regular approach (on-chain hash[13] / off-chain document 
storage) is BCD’s DNA. This type of storage guarantees unchangeable data that can’t be hacked 
and is not limited in time. We believe this is the least you can ask of a secured register. 

The EvidenZ’s architecture was conceived to take advantage of this particularity. The amount of 
significant text data on a diploma is limited and often redundant from one diploma to another. 
Using optimized algorithms to reduce the amount of data per transaction, Evidenz pools, 
structures and zips data. Thanks to the excellent ETHgasAPI, this architecture is combined with 
an efficient use of gas price, to maintain a low cost when diplomas are sent from Crypto App. 
In a near future, we believe in Ethereum upscaling capacities: Metropolis[14], PoS[15], sharding[16]. 
EvidenZ will take advantage of all of them and costs will be constantly optimized.

 

 Diploma Size
Text Data 

Size (bytes)

Encrypted/
Encoded size 

(bytes)

Safelow Tx 
Price (ETH) 
gas price  

4 gwei

Safelow Tx 
Price (USD) 

gas price  
4 gwei

Fast Tx Price 
(ETH) gas 

price 21 gwei

Fast Tx Price 
(USD) gas 

price 21 gwei

Normal 111 194 0.000165932 0.05 0.000556143 0.17

Large 327 519 0.000314752 0.09 0.001337448 0.40

Timeline
The development of the EvidenZ framework will begin three months after the end of the ITS. In 
2018, in the context of the Incentive programme, we will implement the solution in the partner 
schools.



12BCDiploma | BCDiploma concept

Operational specifications

  

BCD
iplom

aBC
D

ip
lo

m
a

ETHEREUM

URL /
QR CODE

DIPLOMA
SMART CONTRACT CERTIFIED

URL /
QR CODE

Higher Education Institution
Smart contract certified identity

1. The school has to create an ID on Ethereum
 1.1 A validator guarantees the school’s identity
 Upon the school’s request, a third party, which we call “validator”, vouches for their identity on 

Ethereum, so there can’t be no doubt about the Ethereum address used to share the diplomas. 
The validator is an Ethereum actor deploying the smart contract SmartValidation.

 
 The matter of legal entities’ proof of identification on Ethereum is a subject that will encourage 

the emergence of benchmark players. In order to build a trustworthy open ecosystem, we need 
these players to act as validators. When BCDiploma is launched, BCD will be the first validator 
of the ecosystem and will do the necessary verifications to ensure the reliability of everyone 
involved and the actual existence of the school: banking information and physical address, 
e-reputation, trade and company register number (RCS), DUNS number, intra-community 
VAT number, and authorization to issue diplomas. Come 2018, we plan on introducing more 
Ehereum’s players to act as “validators”.

 



13BCDiploma | BCDiploma concept

 To get an “ID Certificate” the school must proceed with the implementation of a smart contract 
SmartIdentification. The latter allows to:

• Check via a smart contract SmartValidation that the validator has checked the school ID;

• Publish the school’s “ID Certificate” in the transaction data without encryption.
 

 1.2 The school’s ID certificate is proof of the diplomas’ authenticity
 The ID certificate includes the following information: the school’s name, the characteristic 

features of the diplomas that are issued, the URL of the corporate website page on which the 
Ethereum address will be published and the URL of the web server hosting Reader App.

 
 This certificate serves two purposes: 

• A diploma will be shared if and only if the certificate is valid. School will be able to use an 
expiration date if necessary, using a smart contract SmartIdentification option;

• When a diploma is being checked, the certificate will prove in “clear text” (i.e., directly 
readable via etherscan[17]) the school’s ID, a proof that can be cross-checked by the 
publication on the school’s corporate website of its Ethereum address.

 
2. The school will put the encrypted diplomas on Ethereum via Crypto App
The steps the schools have to follow are simple: send the diplomas’ data via Crypto App (uploading 
the file or the API[18]) and confirm the encryption and sending request on Ethereum. These two 
actions are performed by Cypto App, first, and then by the smart contract SmartPublication.

0xbcd012345...

0xbcd012345 ...
Diploma Data Datas are encrypted

through Crypto App
and Crypto Algo

Datas are send
on ethereum

Tx

SMART PUBLICATION SMART IDENTIFICATION

For each diploma issued, the smart contract SmartPublication will:

• Check the school’s ID certificate validity;

• Publish the encrypted diploma in the transaction’s data.



14BCDiploma | BCDiploma concept

At the end of the process, Crypto App will:

• Generate and store the persistence keys in a safe location: the school is the owner of these keys;

• Send, in a secured way, the URL to read the issued diplomas;

• Send a completion report to the school;

• Erase the entirety of the processed data (process in memory).

3. The graduate receives the URL to access the diploma
Each graduate will receive, in a secured way, the URL to access his or her diploma. This URL cannot 
be retraced from the Ethereum’s transaction. However, you cannot access the diploma without it.
 
The graduate is the only custodian of the URL and sharing it is his responsibility. He decides if he 
wants to share it on social media or send it to a third party upon request. If the graduate wants to 
assert his right to be forgotten, the school will have to destroy the persistence key after verification 
of the graduate’s ID. Reader App, or any other BCD’ app, won’t be able to decrypt the diploma any 
longer.

4. A third party can access the diploma via Reader App
The graduate gives his diploma’s URL to a company or university recruiting manager… This URL, 
redirecting the user towards the Reader App’s server, allows him to:

• See the diploma, which will have been designed based on a pattern set on the ID certificate and 
decrypted by Reader App;

• Access the ID certificate (directly via etherscan for example) in order to check the sender’s and 
web server’s authenticity, more specifically the matching Ethereum’s address of the school and 
the exact URL of the web server hosting the diploma he is seeing.

The ID certificate will also be searchable on the corporate website of the validator.
 
 



15BCDiploma | BCDiploma concept

Crypto Algo
 
Centerpiece of the product, the cryptographic protocol has been conceived by BCD and meets the 
highest standards required. Thanks to a tailor-made architecture, it executes the project’s core 
principles: compliance to the right to be forgotten, control of the data access, and the guarantee 
that the data won’t be stolen. You can check the technical specificities of the Crypto Algo protocol in 
the White Paper’s appendix.

 

DIPLOMA
CERTIFIED

Diploma's URL
Diploma's number + Diploma's key

Diploma's number

HSM

Diploma’s 
persistence key

Intermediate key+

School 
permanent key

Ethereum Tx 
Address

Derivation Diploma’s key

Encrypted 
diploma

AES
256
GCM

SCHOOL : KEYSTORE

READER
App

∂

• Even if you have access to the “persistence keys” table, you cannot decrypt the data without the 
HSM’s access, which holds the MasterKey. And even if you have access to these two keys, you 
still need the “diploma’s key”, which is in the diploma’s URL;

• The only persistent AES key is the MasterKey, however it isn’t enough to decrypt the data. When 
necessary, the AES keys of every diploma can be generated by derivation (during the encryption 
or when the diploma is seen) and deleted immediately after usage;

• The URL to read the diploma doesn’t allow to find the matching Ethereum’s transaction or to 
build an oracle to obtain information. In order to do so, if a wrong URL is used, the server will 
send back an error to the client without revealing any information. Locally, a detailed log will be 
generated on the server for analysis purposes; 

• The deletion of a diploma’s persistence key in the “persistence keys” table will permanently 
prevent the decryption of the data associated with that key, without impacting any other data.



16

He is the Product Owner at an Ed Tech editor for the higher education 
system. He is an expert of the education system. Associate professor 
of Mathematics, director at a “preparatory school” (classes 
préparatoires aux grandes écoles), and IT consultant at the  
pan-European business school, ESCP Europe. 

“My goal is to give BCDiploma an UX/UI dimension so the company 
can be up to the challenging task of conquering the higher education 
market. We know its actors and standards perfectly well.”

Luc JARRY-LACOMBE
CEO

He is the Technical Director at an ERP editor for the higher 
education system. Software architect and backend developer for 
open source technologies, he has been developing and integrating 
Ed Tech solutions in higher education schools’ information 
systems for more than 10 years. 

“Security, reliability and performance will be my priorities as BCD’s 
lead developer, in order to make BCDiploma the baseline solution 
of educational institutions”.

Vincent LANGARD
CTO

THE FOUNDERS

BCDiploma | The Founders

Full team, partners and advisors available at www.bcdiploma.com

https://www.bcdiploma.com


17BCDiploma | Business model

BCDiploma’s solution will be deployed in an ecosystem composed of three types of players: the 
diplomas’ issuers (universities, business schools, engineering schools, etc., professional training 
companies), the international jobboards (LinkedIn, Indeed, Monster & Co) and their users 
(graduates from around the world and employers).
 

The business model
 
Our first clients will be the diplomas’ issuers: universities, schools, professional education 
institutions, and institutions delivering attestations such as TOEIC, SAT or graduating MOOCs. 
Our main partners will be the jobboards and the players of the recruiting field.
 
• Seeing the diploma will be free for all;

• Our service will be free for the graduate, the employee or the citizen, without any time-limit;

• For our clients, the unit cost for issuing a degree will be competitive compared to the actual 
players, who use “digital safes”;

• The payment for issuing diplomas will be in tokens BCDT at a constant FIAT price (USD) through 
the Smart contract SmartIdentification. BCDiploma develops an “all-included” SaaS service, 
allowing the clients to be directly billed in USD or EUR: then, BCD handles the acquisition of the 
tokens on behalf of its client;

• There will be no recurring cost, nor subscribing or conservation costs. In the long run, the 
total cost (issuing and conservation) of a degree will be significantly less than that of the actual 
players using “digital safes”.

BUSINESS MODEL



18BCDiploma | Business model

 

Strategy
 
In 2018, we will launch our application and offer it to the education and recruiting market’s leaders, 
primarily in Europe. Our goal for the first year is to gain a worldwide legitimacy publishing the 
diplomas’ history of the top schools on every continent. An incentive budget that meets all the 
above-mentioned issues will support this goal (15% of the tokens’ sale amount).
 
2019 will see the launch of a massive marketing campaign to conquer the diplomas’ certification 
market in Europe, in North America and in the BRICS members. In the meantime, in Europe, we 
will take hold of the skills certification, professional certification and professional registers’ market.
 
In 2020, being a global market player, we will have reached the necessary scale to enter the massive 
market of administrative registers.

Europe
N. America
BRICS

Global
Market

Diplomas

N. America 
BRICS

Competencies certifications

EuropeAdministrative registers
Professional registers

Europe

2M 3M 15MNumber of certifications
Including Incentive program

Compliance RGPD FERPA

2018
2019

2020

BCD 36 MONTHS ROADMAP



19BCDiploma | The initial token sale

An Initial Token Sale (ITS) is an event in which a project related to cryptocurrency sells a part of 
its tokens to early adopters and enthusiasts in exchange of financial supports. This process of 
crowdfunding is now an acknowledged and standardized mean to obtain funds destined to the 
large-scale development of a product or a service, be it an existing service or a in construction 
service. The necessary funds to launch our BCDiploma application will be raised through a 
Ethereum-based crowdfunding.  

The ecosystem of BCDT’s token
 
BCDiploma’s goal is to become the point of reference for diplomas’ certification.  Our challenge 
today is to gain schools’ confidence and patronage worldwide, and to expand our services and offer 
them to companies and administrations in the near future. These institutions, public or private, 
might not have “blockchain” knowledge. In the first place, to convince them, we have to offer a 
product fitting their needs perfectly. We also have to be ready to offer a billing system, which is 
easy to use and understand and meets their standards. The right way to encourage schools to use 
Ethereum on a daily basis is to bill them in USD.

What added value do we propose? The value created by BCD will be measured proportionally to 
the volume of on-chain data issued by the institutions. 

The key-words of the BCDT tokens ecosystem are: trustless and automation.

The unit cost of issuing a diploma will be measured in BCDT tokens at constant FIAT (USD) prices. 
The BCDT / ETH / USD rate will be updated at regular intervals on the smart contract Smart 
Identification by a decentralized exchange bot to guarantee the issuer this fixed unit price in Fiat 
(USD). To protect the issuer from the variability of the BCDT token, the issuer will “buy”, if he wants 
to, a “Number of diplomas to be issued”, thus limiting transactions in BCDT tokens for users of the 
eco-system. More precisely:

THE INITIAL TOKEN SALE



20BCDiploma | The initial token sale

• For each ID Certificate, the smart contract Smart Identification stores a variable “Number of 
diplomas to be issued”;

• At the creation of the certificate by Smart Identification smart contract, this variable is initialized 
to 20 (i.e. “20 offered diplomas”), in order to facilitate the adoption of the product;

• Subsequently, the issuer values   the “Number of certificates to be issued” variable of his ID 
Certificate by sending BCDT tokens to the smart contract Smart Identification. At the time of 
this transaction, the issuer knows the unit price in BCDT tokens of a diploma yet to be issued;

• In the same operation, the smart contract Smart Identification burns the equivalent of 5% of 
BCDT tokens paid for “diplomas to issue”, as a manufacturing fee.
This rate is increased during the first three years of activity to support the token price:
• 25% as long as the set of tokens burnt does not exceed 10% of tokens minted;
• Then 20% as long as the set of tokens burnt does not exceed 20% of tokens minted;
• Then 15% as long as the set of burned tokens does not exceed 50% of tokens minted.
BCD reserves the right to change this rate at a later date if more than 66.6% of tokens minted 
have been burned;

• When issuing a diploma via the smart contract Smart Publication, the “Number of diplomas to 
be issued” variable is decreased by one.

The BCDT token is therefore an application token to “reload” the “Number of diplomas to be 
issued” of a school. As such, it has every chance of being placed on a large number of exchanges 
and not being constrained by the securities legislation.

The Initial Token Sale 

During this ITS, the token we offer will be called “BCDT token”. It is compliant with the ERC-20 
standard. 

Presale will start December 2017. Detailled timing will be available on www.bcdiploma.com.

During the ITS, the Ethereum (ETH) will be the only accepted currency to buy BCDT tokens.

The contribution’s address will be unveiled on www.bcdiploma.com.
 
BCDT tokens will be available in the investors’ wallet immediately and will be transferable 12 days 
after the end of the ITS. The tokens’ distribution will happen exclusively through BCDT token’s 
smart contract. Its source will be provided.
 
If the total amount raised during BCD’s ITS is below the softcap, the investors will get the totality of 
their contribution back. These rules will be fully followed by BCDT’s token smart contract.
 

https://www.bcdiploma.com
https://www.bcdiploma.com


21BCDiploma | The initial token sale

Tokens’ sale: settings
 
The hardcap (maximum funding goal) is equal to the softcap (minimum funding goal), either 
1800 ETH. Unsold tokens will be burned.

• Time of the ITS:  Presale will start December 2017;

• Number of tokens for sale: 28,080,000 BCDT tokens;

• ITS’ maximum sale revenues (hardcap): 1,800 ETH; 

• ITS’ minimum sale revenues (softcap): 1,800 ETH; 

• ETH / BCDT’s exchange rate: 1 ETH = 13,000 BCDT tokens.
 
If the total amount raised during BCD’s ITS is below the softcap, the investors will get the 
totality of their contribution back. These rules will be fully followed by BCDT’s token smart 
contract.

Incentive Program: depending on the ITS stage, bonus BCDT tokens will be offered:

• Presale: 20% bonus. The softcap rule includes presale;  

• First round: 10% bonus.  

• Second round: no bonus.

Presale and all rounds managed by smartcontract, contributors have to be whitelisted through a 
KYC. More information on www.bcdiploma.com.

 

ITS’s completion

The ITS will end when all the tokens are sold, and, failing that, after the second round is over.

If, at the end of the ITS, the minimum sale revenues isn’t achieved, the totality of the funds raised 
will be refunded to the BCDT’s buyers.

If, at the end of the ITS, the minimum sale revenues is reached, then the smart contract of the 
BCDT token will proceed to the issuing of the saved tokens. Those tokens will be allocated to the 
community and to the BCD team, according to the proportions described below.

The tokens allocated to the BCD founders will be blocked during one year.

BCD will not create any new BCDT tokens after the BCDT Initial Token Sale.
 
 

https://www.bcdiploma.com


22BCDiploma | The initial token sale

Tokens distribution
 
Our goal is to guarantee a BCDT token distribution as wide and as fair as possible.
 
Based on a token sale of 1,800 ETH:

• Initial BCDT tokens’ sale offering: 28,080,000 BCDT;

• BCDT Tokens set aside: 20% of tokens minted;

• BCDT tokens allocated to community members promoting BCD, including team, excluding 
founders: 10,3% of tokens minted. The allowance will be at BCD’s sole discretion;

• BCDT tokens allocated to BCD’s founders: 3% of tokens minted.

 

Incentive
20 %

Community
10,3 %

Founders - one year vesting
3 %

Sell during ITS (28,080,000) 
66,7 %

BCDT Token repartition
42,120,000 Token Minted



23BCDiploma | The initial token sale

How are we going to use the funds ?
 
To implement BCD’s strategy during the first 36 months (see the “strategy” section), we plan to use 
the ITS’ tokens sale revenues as follow:

• Application’s development: 35% of the revenues generated by the tokens’ sale ;

• Marketing and Business development: 30% of the revenues generated by the tokens’ sale ;

• Incentive campaign: 15% of the revenues generated by the token’s sale.

 In 2018, BCD’s goal is to publish, on every continent, the diplomas of the most important schools, 
offering them an incentive program up to the task. This program will be the object of a massive 
marketing campaign toward:

• The education field players; 

• Graduates;

• Recruiting field players (LinkedIn, head-hunters, job search tools);

• Reserve: 10% of the revenues generated by the tokens’ sale will be kept as long-term savings;

• ITS expense: 5% of the revenues generated by the tokens’ sale will be reserved for ITS advisors 
bounties, workers bounties, legal and IT charges refund;

• General expense: 5% of the revenues generated by the tokens’ sale. BCD is a lean,  
cost-effective start-up and will continue to be so in the future. 

Budget Allocation
of ETH raised

Marketing and Business 
development 

30 %
General expense
5 %

Application’s development 
35 %

Incentive
15 %

Reserve
10 %

ITS Expense
5 %



24BCDiploma | Crypto algo appendix

Technical features
 
The encryption algorithm we use, AES – 256 – GCM, is standardized:

• AES-256: http://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/FIPS/NIST.FIPS.197.pdf

• GCM mode: http://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/Legacy/SP/nistspecialpublication800-38d.pdf
 
The AES-GCM is often used and is referenced for many security protocols:

• IPSEC: RFC 4106

• IKEv2: RFC 5282

• TLS: RFC 5288

• CMS: RFC 5084

• SSH: RFC 5647

• SRTP: RFC 7714  
 
The AES is recommended for usage exceeding 2030 with a 128-bit key. For a 256-bit key, it is among 
the safest standardized cryptography algorithms.

A standardized derivation algorithm KBKDF (Key-Based Key Derivation Functions) will be used;

Key sizes:

• MasterKey and KAES: 256-bit AES keys;

• Nonce: random value of 96-bit;

• RND: 96 alphanumerical octets base64 encryption of a 576-bit random value.

For a school, we will create a secured environment (Key store):

• An AES MasterKey, in a HSM (Hardware Security Module): it will be used to derive the RND 
intermediate keys;

• A MasterNonce random value;

• A CtrDerivation derivation meter: updated every issuance;

• A “persistence keys” table: [IdData, RND1, Nonce, idETH].
 

CRYPTO ALGO APPENDIX



25BCDiploma | Crypto algo appendix

Architecture

DIPLOMA
CERTIFIED

Diploma's URL
Diploma's number + Diploma's key

Diploma's number

HSM

Diploma’s 
persistence key

Intermediate key+

School 
permanent key

Ethereum Tx 
Address

Derivation Diploma’s key

Encrypted 
diploma

AES
256
GCM

SCHOOL : KEYSTORE

READER
App

∂

Glossary for the algorithm description:

• Diploma’s number = idData

• Graduate’s key = RND2

• Diploma’s persistence key = RND1

• School’s permanent key = MasterKey

• Intermediate key = RND

• Diploma’s key = KAES

• Encrypted diploma = EncData

• Diploma = PlainData

Double pipe || symbolizes concatenation.

Encryption (via Crypto App)
The manager files the diplomas Data_1, Data_2, …, Data_n.
For each data:

1. A random value IdData is generated
2. A random value RND1 is generated and saved in the “persistence keys” table (IdData entry)
3. A random value RND2 is generated
4. A KAES encryption key is generated, by-product of the MasterKey key and random RND1  

et RND2 values: KAES = KBKDF(MasterKey, RND1 | | RND2)
5. Nonce calculation = MasterNonce + CtrDerivation
6. Safeguarding data (encryption, authentication); EncData = AES_256_GCM_Enrypt (KAES, 

Nonce, Data)
7. KAES deletion
8. Incrementation and registration of CtrDerivation: CtrDerivation = CtrDerivation +1
9. Diploma’s URL is generated: https://serveur_READER_APP/IdData || RND2
10. RND2 deletion
11. Nonce registration in the “persistence keys” table (IdData entry)
12. EncData data writing in the Ehtereum’s transcription
13. As a result, retrieval of the matching transaction ID idETH = writeETH(EncData)
14. idETH writing in the IdData’s table
 
All the random values are generated using the HSM’s random number generator, which offers a better 
quality than a software version. The MasterKey won’t be used above 1.000.000 of keys’ derivation.  
A new MasterKey will be generated each time this number is reached.
 
 



26BCDiploma | Crypto algo appendix

Reading (via Reader App)
Someone who wants to read the data goes to the HTTPS website:
https://serveur_READER_APP/ IdData||RND2
The Reader App Application goes then through the following steps:
1. IdData value retrieval
2. idETH value reading in the “persistence keys” table (IdData entry)
3. Retrieval of the idETH’s referenced transaction on Ethereum and EncData’s value retrieval
4.  RND1 value reading in the “persistence keys” table (IdData entry)
5.  Reader App application retrieves the RND2 value
6.  Encryption key calculation KAES = KBKDF(MasterKey, RND1 || RND2)
7.  Memory deletion of idETH, RND1 et RND2
8.  Nonce value reading in the “persistence keys” table (entry IdData)
9.  Data decryption PlainData = AES_256_GCM_Decrypt(KAES, Nonce, EncData)
10. Memory deletion of KAES, EncData, Nonce
11. Showing of the PlainData data to the claimant
12. Memory deletion of the PlainData



27BCDiploma | Terms and conditions

These Terms and Conditions (hereinafter 
“the Terms”) are entered into between the 
Company Blockchain Certified Data SAS, with 
registered office at 84 avenue Albert 1er, 
92500 Rueil Malmaison, France, registered 
in Nanterre Trade and Companies Register 
under number 833 138 951 represented by 
Luc Jarry-Lacombe, duly authorized for the 
purposes herein, (hereinafter “BCD” or “the 
Company”), and the natural or legal person 
using the Company’s services, (hereinafter 
the “Purchaser”). 

Article 1 – General Provisions

These Terms apply fully and automatically to 
all the tokens offered for sale by BCD as part of 
BCDiploma Initial Token Sale (hereinafter the 
“Commercial Operation” or “ITS”) towards 
its Purchasers.

BY CLICKING ON “I HEREBY CERTIFY THAT I 
HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND EXPRESSLY 
ACCEPT BCD WHITE PAPER AND TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS”, THE PURCHASER ACCEPTS AND 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE IS ENTERING INTO 
A BINDING CONTRACT WITH BCD AND AGREES 
TO ABIDE BY ALL THE PROVISIONS.

IF THE PURCHASER DOES NOT UNDERSTAND 
THE WHITE PAPER AND/OR DOES NOT AGREE 
WITH ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HE 
SHOULD NOT PARTICIPATED IN THIS ITS, USE 
BCD PLATFORM NOR ITS SERVICES. 

BCD RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE, 
MODIFY, ADD OR REMOVE ANY CONTENT OF 
THE TERMS AT ANY TIME, FOR ANY REASON. 
THE PURCHASERS SHALL REVIEW THE TERMS 
PERIODICALLY AS THE PURCHASERS WILL 
BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACCEPTED THESE 
MODIFICATIONS AS SOON AS THEY VISIT 
AND USE THE WEBSITE(S) FOLLOWING 
PUBLICATION OF SAID MODIFICATIONS.

All the details on the Commercial Operation 
are available on the following official website: 
https://www.bcdiploma.com. 

These Terms prevail over all other documents 
issued either by the Purchaser or by BCD and, 
as from their date of entry into force, shall 
apply to all purchases, and are deemed to be 
unconditionally accepted by the Purchaser. 
Any derogation from the Terms herewith 
will require the express agreement of both 
parties. Any other document (e.g. sales 
prospectus, quotation, presentation, etc.) 
is therefore given for information only and 
shall not constitute a contractual document 
that commits BCD, which may therefore 
withdraw or modify such documents, without 
entitling the Purchaser to any compensation. 
This clause is a key requirement for BCD’s 
consent.

BCD reserves the right, with no prior notice, for 
any reason, to block, limit or restrict access to 
the website, in whole or in part, temporarily or 
permanently. BCD may not be held liable for 
the website being unavailable or difficult to 
connect to, regardless of the consequences for 
the Purchasers.

Article 2 – Eligibility and pre-requisites
 
Participation in the ITS is reserved for 
natural or legal persons acting within 
the scope of their professional activities. 
Any natural person acting on a non-
professional basis as a simple consumer 
within the meaning of EU Directive 
2011/83/EU relating to consumer rights is 
excluded from the ITS.

Participants cannot contribute to the ITS 
if there are applicable legal restrictions 
in their country of residence. It is the 
responsibility of each participant to know 
these laws regarding their participation in 
the ITS. 

Due to legal restrictions, the ITS is not 
accessible for any person (including a legal 
entity) who is considered a “U.S. person”, a 
Canadian, a Singapore or a Chinese citizen.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

https://www.bcdiploma.com 


28BCDiploma | Terms and conditions

Documents linked to the issue of BCDTs 
may not be transmitted or distributed to 
a “U.S.person”, a Canadian, a Singapore or 
Chinese citizen or to a mail or email address 
in the United States of America, Canada, 
Singapore or People’s Republic of China. 
It is prohibited to transmit, distribute or 
reproduce documents linked to the issue of 
BCDTs to or for a “U.S. person”, Canadian, 
Singapore or Chinese citizen, or within the 
territories of the United States of America, 
Canada, Singapore, and People’s Republic 
of China in whole or in part.

To ensure their eligibility for the purchase of 
BCDT tokens, the Purchaser declares that 
he is not a Canadian, Singapore or Chinese 
citizen, nor a “U.S. person”, (within the 
meaning of Regulation S of the Securities Act 
1933 in U.S. law), i.e.:

• Any private individual resident in the United 
States;

• Any partnership or business organized or 
established under U.S. law;

• Any property of which the executor or 
administrator is a U.S. citizen;

• Any trust of which a proxy is an American 
citizen;

• Any agency or branch of a foreign entity 
located in the United States;

• Any non-discretionary account or similar 
account (other than a trust or property) 
held by a trader or other trustee for the 
benefit of or on behalf of a U.S. citizen;

• Any discretionary account or similar 
account (other than a trust or trust) held by 
a trader or other trustee, that is organized, 
established or (if a private individual) 
resident in the United States; and

• Any partnership or company if:
a)  It is organized or established under the 

law of a foreign jurisdiction; and
b)  It is formed by a U.S. citizen primarily 

for the purpose of investing in securities 
not listed under the U.S. Securities Act, 
unless it is organized or established, 
and owned, by accredited investors 
who are not private individuals, trusts 
or properties.

The sale of tokens under this Commercial 
Operation is reserved for experienced 
professionals who have an in-depth 
understanding of the nature of the 
products and services they are purchasing, 
a firm grasp of the technologies on which 
they are based (in particular blockchain), 
and who are fully aware of all the 
associated risks as described hereinafter.

The Purchaser is solely liable for determining 
which legal, accounting, financial and fiscal 
conditions of any nature it is required to 
comply with in order to participate in the 
Commercial Operation, in accordance with 
the laws and regulations applicable in his 
country of residence. BCD may not be held 
liable for the Purchaser’s filing obligations in 
the country in which it is domiciled. The same 
applies to any tax or charge that would be 
payable by the Purchaser, in relation to the 
purchase, ownership, use or passing of his 
tokens.
 

Article 3 – Information  
and knowledge of BCD Project  
and the Commercial Operation  
by the Purchaser
 
By adhering to these Terms, the Purchaser 
expressly acknowledges having read and 
understood the White Paper, BCD Project and 
business model and been comprehensively 
informed about the Commercial Operation.

The Purchaser is deemed to be fully aware of 
all the legal norms and technical constraints 
relating to the purchase, possession, 
functionality, use, storage, transmission 
mechanisms and intricacies associated with 
tokens and cryptocurrencies (like Bitcoin and 
Ether) based on blockchain technologies, 
blockchain-based software systems, and to the 
services offered by BCD Platform. 

The Purchaser expressly acknowledges the 
random nature of this ITS and BCD project as 
presented in this document and that this project 
may not come to fruition or may have to be 
abandoned due to technical, legal or regulatory 
constraints, without the BCDT tokens being 
used.



29BCDiploma | Terms and conditions

Article 4 – KYC Procedure  
and contribution process

4.1 The “Know Your Customer” (KYC) procedure 
is instrumental in the prevention against money 
laundering and terrorist financing. By obtaining 
information on the identity and source of the 
funds of Purchasers, BCD would like to protect 
itself and protect BCD Platform from being used 
to conceal illegally-obtained funds.

This is the reason why Purchasers and their 
Ethereum address (“Contribution address”) will 
be white-listed through a KYC procedure. This KYC 
procedure will be performed through the form 
provided on the website www.bcdiploma.com. 

Any contribution in this ITS will be accepted 
by the ITS Smart Contract if and only the 
Purchaser’s Contribution address has been 
white- listed.

4.2 For contributions strictly greater than 10 
ETH, as part of the KYC procedure (hereinafter 
“KYC 1”), the following information and 
documents shall be provided by any Purchaser 
willing to access to the ITS:

(i)  Where the Purchaser is a natural person 
(acting within the scope of his professional 
activities): Family name, first name, country 
and residential address, email address, 
nationality, ID card/Passport scan, photo 
“selfie” on which appear simultaneously the 
face of the contributor and the registered ID 
card, address from which the funds will be 
disbursed;

(ii)  Where the Purchaser is a legal person: 
Organization/Company name, headquarters 
registered address, scan of business licence, 
tax identification number, address from 
which the funds will be disbursed and for its 
legal representative: Family name, first name, 
ID card/Passport scan, photo «selfie» on 
which appear simultaneously the face of the 
contributor and the registered ID card.

Purchaser shall then:

• Declare that he is not a Canadian, Singapore 
or Chinese citizen, nor a “U.S. person”;

• Tick the box “I HEREBY CERTIFY THAT I HAVE 
READ, UNDERSTOOD AND EXPRESSLY 
ACCEPT BCD WHITE PAPER AND ITS TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS”;

• Provide his Contribution address;

• Provide the indicative amount of his 
contribution in ETH.

Each step needs to be followed and complied 
with by the Purchaser.  

BCD will then proceed with the KYC 1 verification. 
Once the Purchaser’s identity has been verified, 
his Contribution address will be added to the ITS 
White List 1 and BCD will send him a message 
for the Purchaser to confirm and finalize his 
contribution in the ITS.

4.3 For contributions lower than or equal to 10 
ETH, as part of the KYC procedure (hereinafter 
“KYC 2”), the following information shall be 
provided by any Purchaser willing to access to 
the ITS: Family name, first name, email address, 
address from which the funds will be disbursed.

Purchaser shall then:

• Declare that he is not a Canadian, Singapore 
or Chinese citizen, nor a «U.S. person»;

• Tick the box “I HEREBY CERTIFY THAT I HAVE 
READ, UNDERSTOOD AND EXPRESSLY 
ACCEPT BCD WHITE PAPER AND ITS TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS”;

• Provide his Contribution address;

• Provide the indicative amount of his 
contribution in ETH.

Each step needs to be followed and complied 
with by the Purchaser.  

BCD will then proceed with the KYC 2 
verification. Once the Purchaser’s identity has 
been verified, his Contribution address will be 
added to the ITS White List 2 and BCD will send 
him a message for the Purchaser to confirm 
and finalize his contribution in the ITS.

https://www.bcdiploma.com 


30BCDiploma | Terms and conditions

4.4   In any case, BCD will NOT accept 
“anonymous purchasers” or those using 
aliases, fictitious names or false identity in 
general.

BCD may request from the Purchaser 
additional information and/or documents to 
evidence his identity and/or source of funds or 
to ensure the accuracy of the details they have 
supplied. If the Purchaser refuses to provide 
such additional information or documents, 
BCD may, at its sole discretion, refuse the 
purchaser’s contribution and may not be held 
liable for such refusal. 

BCD may, at its sole discretion, refuse 
purchasers who are (or may be) suspects 
of being involved in money laundering, or 
any sort of criminal activities, related to drug 
trafficking, terrorism and organized crime. 
The same applies to potential purchasers 
holding businesses that due to the nature 
of the business make it impossible to verify 
its legitimacy or that of the funds being 
inconsistent with their financial status.

4.5 ITS address will be made available to the 
public on www.bcdiploma.com. Only Purcha-
sers that passed the KYC procedure as descri-
bed hereinabove will be technically allowed to 
make their contribution. 

4.6 Once the Purchaser’s Contribution address 
has been white-listed, the Purchaser shall then 
provide the final amount of his contribution in 
ETH according to the threshold indicated du-
ring the KYC procedure (i.e lower than or equal 
to 10 ETH or strictly greater than 10 ETH). 

• If the Purchaser is part of the White List 1, 
he may make as many contributions as he 
wants.

• If the Purchaser is part of the White List 
2, he may make several contributions but 
in any case, the cumulated amount of his 
contributions will be capped at 10 ETH.

4.7 Failure for the Purchaser to provide the fi-
nal amount of his contribution in ETH at the 
address specified on www.bcdiploma.com, 
the Purchaser will not be able to receive BCDT 
tokens. 

4.8 Purchaser’s contribution in ETH is deemed 
to be irrevocably binding upon validation of 
the final contribution by the Smart Contract. 
As from this date, a contribution may no lon-
ger be cancelled or amended. Purchasers will 
then receive BCDT tokens.

4.9 BCDT tokens will be made available in 
the Purchaser’s wallet immediately after the 
contribution and will be transferable twelve 
(12) days after the end of the ITS. 

4.10 BCDT period of validity, during which they 
can be used, is not time-dependent. Tokens can-
not be deleted due both to their strictly decen-
tralized nature and to the fact that, once issued, 
they are no longer under BCDiploma’s control. 
They would, in any case, remain the property of 
their owner. 

4.11 In any event during the KYC procedure and 
contribution process, the Purchaser shall notify 
in writing BCD concerning any information likely 
to impact on its contribution directly or indirectly 
(contactus@blockchaincertifieddata.com). Failure 
to do this, BCD may not be held liable in any way 
in this regard.

Article 5 – BCDT Tokens

The Commercial Operation involves the sale of 
virtual tokens, referred to as “BCDT Tokens” 
or “BCDT”).

5.1 Tokens Role and Attributes
BCDT tokens will provide their owners with 
access rights to use the BCD Platform (and its 
service), once it has been designed, developed 
and deployed and provided that BCD Platform 
operates on a permanent basis. 

The Purchasers’ attention is therefore drawn 
to the fact that purchasing tokens during the 
Commercial Operation does not confer au-
tomatic rights to access to BCD Platform and 
service in the future. BCDT tokens may not be 
used before the effective implementation of 
BCD Platform.

https://www.bcdiploma.com 
https://www.bcdiploma.com 
mailto:contactus%40blockchaincertifieddata.com?subject=


31BCDiploma | Terms and conditions

UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED HEREIN, 
BCDT TOKENS WILL NOT BE REIMBURSED 
IN THE EVENT THAT THE BCD PLATFORM 
IS NOT ULTIMATELY DEVELOPED, OR DOES 
NOT OPERATE ON A PERMANENT BASIS. 
BCDT OWNERS ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS IS 
A SIGNIFICANT RISK THAT THEY ACCEPT.

The Purchaser acknowledges that he is fully 
aware that: 

• a BCDT does not represent an investment 
or a financial instrument within the 
meaning of EU Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 relating to markets in financial 
instruments: a BCDT token confer no direct 
or indirect right to BCD’s capital or income, 
nor does it confer any governance right 
within BCD;

• a BCDT is not proof of ownership or a 
right of control: Control over a BCDT does 
not grant the individuals any asset or share 
in BCD, or in the BCD Platform. A BCDT does 
not grant any right to participate in control 
over BCD’s management or decision-
making set-up, or over the BCD Platform;

• a BCDT is not an electronic currency within 
the meaning of EU Directive 2009/110/EC of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on the taking up, pursuit 
and prudential supervision of the business of 
electronic money institutions: BCDT tokens 
are not accepted (and have no use) outside 
the BCD Platform and a BCDT does not have 
a fixed exchange value equal to the amount 
delivered at the time of its issue;

• a BCDT is not a payment service within 
the meaning of EU Directive (2007/64/EC) 
of 13 November 2007 relating to payment 
services in the internal market, nor within 
the meaning of the (EU) Directive relating 
to payment services 2 (DSP 2) n° 2015/2366 
of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 25 November 2015: the ITS 
does not involve the purchase/sale of 
cryptocurrencies and BCD’s business does 
not consist in receiving currencies against 
the delivery of cryptocurrencies;

• a BCDT is a cryptographic token used by 
the BCD Platform to issue diplomas.

5.2 BCDT token issuance and distribution
ITS timeline and instructions are posted 
on the Commercial Operation website at  
www.bcdiploma.com. 

BCDT tokens will be issued by a technical 
process referred to as “blockchain”. This is an 
open source IT protocol over which BCD has 
no proprietary rights or liability in terms of 
development and operation. 

The token distribution mechanism will be 
controlled by a Smart Contract. This involves 
a computer program that can be executed 
on the Ethereum network or on a blockchain 
network that is compatible with Smart Contract 
programming language. The tokens will meet 
the ‘ERC20’ standard (https://theethereum.
wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard), 
and will be subject, inter alia, to the operating 
conditions of the Internet computer network 
and the Ethereum blockchain protocol. 

BCD has no control, right or liability over the 
operation of the Internet computer network 
and the Ethereum network and protocol.

The ITS will end if and when all the BCDT tokens 
are sold or after the second round is over. If, at 
the end of the ITS, the minimum sale revenues 
as indicated in the White Paper has not been 
reached, the totality of the funds raised will be 
refunded to the Purchasers (provided that the 
contributions process has been completed as 
per the procedure explained hereinafter).

If, at the end of the ITS, the minimum sales 
revenues has been reached, then the tokens 
will be issued by the Smart Contract pursuant 
to Article 4 and distributed according to the 
proportions described in the White Paper. 

BCD may not be held liable in any way for any 
feature that might affect the token distribution 
or ownership of the tokens sold, or that might 
hamper the Purchaser’s ability to use the 
tokens, including display of the tokens in an 
electronic wallet compatible with the ERC20 
token standard, or the assignment of these 
tokens to a third party.

The acquisition of tokens by transferring tokens 
or crypto-currencies to the Smart Contract 
comes under the Purchaser’s sole liability and 
will be subject to the terms and conditions 
of the protocol and the Ethereum network. 

https://www.bcdiploma.com 


32BCDiploma | Terms and conditions

As BCDT tokens are issued under a Smart 
Contract, BCD is not obliged to reimburse or 
compensate in any way any Purchaser whose 
BCDT tokens have not been issued by the 
Smart Contract for any reason.

Once issued, the tokens may be assigned or 
transferred to third parties by the Purchaser, 
in whole or in part, at their sole discretion, in 
return for payment or free of charge. However, 
the Purchaser shall be solely and fully liable for 
the conditions and consequences of such an 
assignment or transfer of the tokens in their 
possession. In particular, given that BCD will 
have no control over such transactions, the 
Purchaser may not claim against BCD for any 
loss of their tokens due to any error of any 
kind that may occur during the transfer. 

The BCD cofounders warrant that they will not 
purchase BCDT in their own ITS or from any 
third party, or acquire BCDT  in any manner, 
during the period of the ITS.

Article 6 – Limitations of Use

Prior to any contribution, the Purchaser 
acknowledges and accepts that BCDT tokens 
do not, under any circumstance, represent 
any form of investment or financial 
investment and agrees not to attempt to 
divert the tokens function for speculative 
purposes.

The Purchaser acquires BCDT tokens primarily to 
support the development, testing, deployment 
and operation of BCD project, being aware of 
all the risks associated with this project and 
Commercial operation as set forth hereinafter.

The Purchaser also agrees not to use the 
Commercial Operation website, BCD Platform, 
the issued tokens and, more generally, any 
content or service provided to the Purchaser by 
BCD that does not comply with the objectives 
and methods set out in the White Paper and/
or in these Terms. Under no circumstances may 
BCDT token be used for other services than 
those offered by BCD Platform. BCD is solely 
responsible for deciding whether to provide the 
service to token owners, within the technical, 
legal, economic or other constraints imposed by 
third parties or by BCD itself on its operations.

In particular, the Purchaser agrees not to 
modify, interfere with, deactivate or saturate, 
nor to breach the security of or impair data 
integrity and confidentiality in relation to any 
service offered by BCD.

Purchaser shall not obtain or use BCDT for 
any illegal purposes wherever in the world, 
in particular for money laundering and/or 
terrorism.

Article 7 – Cancellation - Refund policy

ALL PURCHASES OF BCDT TOKEN COMPLETED 
PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 4 OF THESE TERMS ARE 
FINAL. PURCHASES OF BCDT TOKEN ARE NON-
REFUNDABLE. BY PURCHASING BCDT TOKEN, 
THE PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
NEITHER BCD PLATFORM NOR ANY OTHER OF 
THE BCD TEAM & PARTIES ARE REQUIRED TO 
PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND 
THAT THE PURCHASER WILL NOT RECEIVE 
MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR ANY 
BCD THAT IS NOT USED OR REMAINS UNUSED.

Besides, as the tokens offered for sale are 
deemed intangible property, having no value 
or functionality other than the BCD Platform 
service, no guarantee is attached to them 
following issuance.

No final contribution confirmed on the BCD 
website may be subsequently canceled or 
refunded.

The Purchasers acknowledge that they are fully 
aware that they will not be entitled to claim 
any full or partial reimbursement under any 
circumstances whatsoever.

Article 8 – Risks inherent to bcd ITS

The Purchaser understands that BCDT tokens, 
blockchain technology, Ethereum protocol, 
Ether and other associated and related 
technologies are new and untested and outside 
of BCD‘s exclusive control and adverse changes 
in the technology, broadly construed, will 
excuse BCD‘s performance under these Terms.

Risks inherent to BCD Project and Commercial 
Operation may be various. As mentioned 



33BCDiploma | Terms and conditions

hereinabove, the Purchaser acknowledges that 
he has been warned of the following risks, that 
he understands and accepts purchasing BCDT 
in consideration of these risks (which are not 
exhaustive). 

7.1 Legal risk or risk of adverse regulatory 
intervention in one or more jurisdictions 
around the world
Blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies and 
projects financing through cryptocurrencies 
have been the subject of close scrutiny by 
various regulatory bodies around the world, 
including within the European Union and 
France. The Commercial Operation has been 
structured to comply with EU law applicable at 
the time of the ITS.

Operation of BCD Platform and BCDT tokens 
may be impacted by the promulgation of 
restrictive laws, the publication of restrictive or 
negative opinions, the issuing of injunctions by 
national regulators, the initiation of regulatory 
actions or investigations, including but not 
limited to restrictions on the use or ownership 
of digital/cryptographic tokens such as BCDT, 
which may prevent or limit the development 
of BCD and its activities. This uncertainty 
significantly adds up to risks connected with the 
acquisition and use of BCDTs.

Given the lack of crypto-currency 
qualifications in most countries, each 
Purchaser is strongly advised to carry out 
a legal and tax analysis concerning the 
purchase and ownership of BCDT tokens 
according to their nationality and place of 
residence.

7.2 Risks associated with the ITS 
documentation
The White Paper is the only documentation 
that introduces BCD Commercial Operation 
and exposes BCD project. Such documentation 
does not comply with any legal requirement 
as there is no regulation at the time of the 
ITS. The Purchaser acknowledges and accepts 
that the White Paper may potentially contain 
inaccuracies, errors or omissions and express 
BCD’s opinions and forecasts. 

The ITS documentation has not been subject 
to prior approval from any regulatory bodies 
such as L’Autorite des Marches Financiers (AMF) in 
France.

7.3 Risks associated with the Ethereum 
protocol
Both BCDT tokens and the BCD Platform are 
based on the Ethereum protocol. Therefore, any 
malfunction, unplanned function or unexpected 
operation of the Ethereum protocol may cause 
the BCD Platform or BCDT to malfunction 
or operate in an unexpected or unintended 
manner. 

Besides, the Purchaser understands and 
accepts that an upgrade or split of the Ethereum 
protocol may occur in the future (hard-fork) and 
that BCD has no control over it. The Purchaser 
may no longer be able to use his BCDT and/
or his BCDT may lose their functionality in full. 
Ether, the native Ethereum Protocol account 
unit may itself lose value in a similar way to 
BCDT.

For more information on the Ethereum 
protocol, please visit the Ethereum website: 
www.ethereum.org.

7.4 Risk of a lack of interest in the BCD 
Platform or distributed applications
There is a possibility that the BCD Platform may 
not be used by a large number of companies, 
individuals and other organizations, and 
that there may be limited public interest in 
the creation and development of distributed 
applications. Such a lack of interest could 
have an impact on the development of the 
BCD Platform and, therefore, on the uses or 
potential value of BCDT tokens.

7.5 Risk of loss of BCDT due to loss of 
credentials
The Purchaser can only access the BCD account 
using the credentials selected by the Purchaser. 
The Purchaser understands that if his 
credentials (and in particular his private key) are 
lost or stolen, BCDT associated with his account 
will be unrecoverable and permanently lost. It is 
thus recommended to Purchasers to store their 

http://www.ethereum.org


34BCDiploma | Terms and conditions

credentials securely in one or more backup 
locations that are geographically separated 
from the work location and not to share his 
credentials with anybody. There is no recovery 
mechanism for lost keys, so BCD will not be able 
to help the Purchaser retrieve or reconstruct a 
private key and/or provide the Purchaser with 
access to any lost BCDT.

7.6 Non-release, software and technical risks
Some BCD platform features are currently 
under development. As a consequence, the 
Purchaser accepts that the development may 
not succeed, that BCD Platform may never be 
released and operational, even though BCD 
makes reasonable efforts to complete such 
platform, that the Platform may be subject to 
software and/or technical risks, or that features 
may never be installed on the Platform.

7.7 Risk that the BCD Platform, as developed, 
does not meet Purchaser expectations
The BCD Platform is currently under 
development and may undergo significant 
changes prior to its launch (for technical, 
financial, commercial, marketing, legal or 
regulatory reasons). As such, Purchaser 
expectations concerning the BCD Platform or 
BCDT token may be met on the launch date.

7.8 Risks of theft and hacking
Hackers or criminal groups or organizations 
may attempt to interfere with the BCD Platform 
or the availability of BCDT tokens in several 
ways including, but not limited to, denial of 
service attacks, smurfing, Sybil attacks, malware 
attacks or consensus-based attacks.

Besides, the BCD Platform is based on open 
source software. There is a risk that third parties, 
may intentionally or unintentionally introduce 
weaknesses or bugs into the BCD Platform, by 
interfering with the use of or causing loss of 
BCDT.

7.9 Risk of capital loss
Capital invested in BCD ITS is not guaranteed. 
Investing in tokens entails a significant capital 
risk, which the Purchaser acknowledges and 
accepts.

7.10 Risk of an uninsured loss
Unlike bank accounts or accounts in other 
regulated financial institutions, funds held 
through BCD Platform or Ethereum network 
are generally uninsured. At present, there are 
no public or private insurance agents providing 
Purchasers with coverage against a loss of BCDT 
or a loss of value.

7.11 Internet transmission risks
The Purchaser acknowledges that there are 
risks associated with using BCD Platform or 
BCDT tokens including, but not limited to, the 
failure of hardware, software, and Internet 
connections. The Purchaser acknowledges 
and accepts that BCD shall not be responsible 
for any communication failures, disruptions, 
errors, distortions or delays the Purchaser may 
experience when using the BCD website or ITS 
website and tokens, howsoever caused.

7.12 Unforeseen risks
Crypto-currencies and cryptographic tokens 
are a new, untested technology. In addition to 
the risks stipulated above, there are other risks 
that the BCD team cannot predict. Risks may 
also occur as unanticipated combinations or as 
changes in the risks stipulated herein.

Article 9 – Representations 
and Warranties

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS 
AGREEMENT, BCD PLATFORM, BCDT TOKENS, 
INCLUDING ALL FUNCTIONS THEREOF, 
ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND/OR 
“UNDER DEVELOPMENT” BASIS, WITHOUT 
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY 
KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED TO 
THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, INCLUDING, 
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ACCURACY AND 
COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION 
PROVIDED IN THE WHITE PAPER AND/OR IN 
THESE TERMS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, THAT BCDT 
TOKENS ARE USED AND HOLD AT THE SOLE RISK 
OF THE PURCHASER, THAT BCD PLATFORM, 
BCDT TOKENS AND/OR THE UNDERLYING 
BLOCKCHAIN PROTOCOL WILL BE AVAILABLE 



35BCDiploma | Terms and conditions

UNINTERRUPTED AND TIMELY, WILL BE FREE 
FROM DEFECTS, ERRORS AND BUGS, AND/OR 
WILL BE ENTIRELY SECURE.

By participating in the ITS, the Purchaser 
represents and warrant that he:

• Is authorised and have full power to 
purchase BCDT according to the laws 
applicable in his jurisdiction;

• Is not a Canadian, Singapore or Chinese 
citizen, nor a «U.S. person»

• Is not acting for the purpose of speculative 
investment;

• Will not use the ITS for any illegal activity, 
including but not limited to money 
laundering and financing of terrorism;

• Is solely responsible for determining 
whether the acquisition of BCDT is 
appropriate for him and for seeking any 
tax, legal, accounting or financial advice in 
order to participate to the ITS;

• Is acquiring BCDT for a future use of BCD 
Platform;

• Understand the risks associated with the 
ITS (including the risks related to the non-
development/non-release of BCD Platform 
and services);

• Understand the use of cryptocurrencies 
and its associated risks.

Article 10 – Limitations of Liability

IN NO EVENT WILL BCD BE LIABLE TO THE 
PURCHASER FOR INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE, 
INCLUDING ANY LOSS OF REVENUE, CONTRACTS 
OR OPPORTUNITIES OR FAILURE TO REALIZE 
EXPECTED PROFITS OR SAVINGS, LOSS OR 
CORRUPTION OF ANY DATA, DATABASE OR 
SOFTWARE, DECISIONS OR SANCTIONS FROM A 
REGULATORY BODY OR A COURT.

BESIDES , BCD SHALL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR 
ANY OF THE FOLLOWING:

a) Use of BCD Platform and services or BCDT 
tokens that are not compliant with these 
Terms ;

b) Non-performance, failure, malfunction or 
unavailability of BCD Platform and services 
due to a third party, the Purchaser, a third-
party product, or the Purchaser’s breach of 
its obligations;

 c) Loss, disclosure or unlawful or fraudulent 
use of user sign-ons by the Purchaser or 
third parties;

d) Suspension of access or temporary or 
permanent suspension of BCD Platform and 
services (in particular, arising from a request 
issued by an administrative or judicial 
authority, or notification received from a 
third-party);

e) Loss, alteration or destruction of all or 
part of the content (information, data, 
applications, files or other items) hosted 
on the infrastructure, insofar as BCD is not 
responsible for managing the continuity of 
Purchaser activities, and data backups in 
particular;

f) Mismatch between BCD Platform and 
services and the Purchaser’s needs;

g) Security incidents relating to use of the 
Internet, concerning in particular the 
loss, alteration, destruction, disclosure or 
unauthorized access to the Purchaser’s data 
or details on or via the Internet;

h) Damage to systems, applications and other 
items installed by the Purchaser ;

i) Failure of Ethereum or any other blockchain 
protocol or smart contracts.

Article 11 – Intellectual property

BCD is the licensee or owner of all of BCD 
intellectual property rights existing prior the 
date of this ITS. 

Ownership of any of BCD Platform or BCDT 
tokens intellectual property or know-how used, 
developed, created or any documentation will 
vest with BCD at all times. 

BCD grants to the Purchaser a royalty-free, non-
exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide right to 
use BCD Platform and its services.



36BCDiploma | Terms and conditions

The Purchaser acknowledges and accepts that 
it shall not: 

(i) Distribute, export, translate, transmit, 
merge, transfer, modify, adapt, 
hypothecate, encumber, create, derivative 
works of, loan, rent, lease, share, resell any 
of BCD Platform, in whole or in part; 

(ii) Remove or modify any proprietary notices 
of BCD Platform; or

(iii) Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble 
or otherwise attempt to discover the source 
code, object code or underlying structure, 
ideas, algorithms of BCD Platform or BCDT 
tokens or any documentation provided 
by BCD (except in accordance with the 
provisions of the applicable law). 

The Purchaser shall take all necessary 
precautions to prevent third parties from 
using BCD Platform or BCDT tokens or any 
documentation provided pertaining thereto in 
any way that would constitute a breach of these 
Terms or BCD intellectual property rights. 

The Purchaser shall not license, sublicense, or 
otherwise grant any intellectual property rights 
pertaining to BCD Platform or BCDT tokens.

Article 12 – Security

The Purchaser shall implement reasonable 
and appropriate measures designed to secure 
access to (i) any device associated with the email 
address associated with his account, (ii) private 
keys required to access any relevant Ethereum 
address, and (iii) Purchaser username, password 
and any other login or identifying credentials.

In the event the Purchaser suspects a security 
breach in any of the abovementioned, he shall 
inform BCD immediately, so BCD can take all 
required and possible measures to secure the 
Purchaser account, the website, BCD Platform 
and systems as whole.

The Purchaser will assume full responsibility 
for the consequences of any theft, malfunction 
or misuse of BCD Platform or BCDT tokens 
acquired, as a result of a lack of security or any 
use by any person to whom the Purchaser has 
provided his credentials. 

Article 13 – Protection of personal 
data

Pursuant to the EU Data Protection Directive 
(95/46/EC) and the subsequent General Data 
Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 that will 
apply from 25 May 2018, BCD shall implement 
appropriate measures to prevent the 
unauthorised use or disclosure of any personal 
data made available to and processed by BCD 
in connection with BCD Platform and the ITS 
(“Covered Data”).  

To this end, BCD has implemented and 
maintained physical and technical measures 
that reasonably and appropriately protect the 
confidentiality, integrity, security and availability 
of the Purchaser Covered Data. 

Only the minimum and necessary amount 
of personal data of the Purchaser is collected 
by BCD at the time of the KYC procedure to 
complete the ITS and to comply with the best 
practices recommended by the regulatory 
bodies.  Besides, only those personnel of BCD 
that have been duly authorized will access the 
Covered Data and such access is strictly limited 
to ensure the operational process of the ITS 
and/or the security of the Covered Data.

Personal data collected from the Purchaser on 
the forms available on the website are intended 
for BCD personnel for administrative and 
business management purposes. These data 
are processed (i) to allow Purchasers to access 
the ITS and use BCD Platform, and (ii) to enable 
BCD to prospect for new users. Data marked 
with an asterisk are mandatory. Failure to 
provide such data may prevent the Purchaser 
from participating in the ITS and using the 
service.

By participating in the ITS and using BCD 
Platform, the Purchaser agrees and authorises 
BCD to share, if and when necessary the Covered 
data with any trusted third party (which may be 
located in a non-EU jurisdiction but providing 
an equivalent level of protection across the 
European Union) for the sole purposes of the 
provision of the service. Besides, the Purchaser 
acknowledges that BCD may be required to 
provide the Covered Data to any regulatory 
bodies or administrative authorities if required 
by law.



37BCDiploma | Terms and conditions

BCD will maintain Purchaser’s Covered data 
only for as long as is it is necessary, or as 
required by law. 

The Purchaser is entitled to object to the 
processing of his personal data for legitimate 
reasons, as well as to object to the use of such 
data for the purposes of prospecting activities.

Pursuant to the General Data Protection 
Regulation, the Purchaser shall be entitled 
to request access to, rectification, erasure 
of his own personal data, or restriction of 
processing concerning the Purchaser or to 
object to processing as well as the right to 
data portability. However, given the nature of 
the blockchain technology used, the Purchaser 
may not be able to exercise all of these rights. 
However, as far as technically possible, BCD 
will enable the Purchaser to exercise his 
rights. To do so, the Purchaser shall notify in 
writing his request to BCD, with a copy of its 
signed ID document to the following address:  
contactus@blockchaincertifieddata.com 

Article  14 – Legislative and/or 
Regulatory Developments

The Purchaser acknowledges and accepts that 
BCD Commercial Operation is taking place 
within a French legal environment that is still 
under development. New laws or rules may 
subsequently frame, modify or clarify the 
practice of such operations. Where necessary or 
applicable, should legislative and/or regulatory 
changes conflict with all or part of these terms 
and conditions, BCD reserves the right to 
amend the terms of the Commercial Operation 
as appropriate, retroactively if necessary, in 
order to ensure that the operation remains 
legal and compliant with the various laws and 
regulations or best practices that may be issued 
by the French regulatory bodies.

Article 15 – Force majeure

Force majeure is deemed any event beyond 
the parties’ control, which they cannot 
reasonably foresee or reasonably avoid or 
overcome, provided that its occurrence makes 
it impossible for the parties to fulfill their 

obligations, and adversely affects purchase 
execution (e.g. earthquake, storm or other 
element of nature, embargoes, substantial 
change in the price of resources, electrical 
telecommunications, hardware, software or 
other utility failures, armed conflicts, labor 
disputes or other industrial disturbances, 
changes in laws or regulations, changes in 
blockchain technology (broadly construed), 
changes in the Ethereum protocol or any other 
blockchain protocols, etc.). The most diligent 
Party shall promptly notify the other Party by 
any means, and the Parties will then agree to 
negotiate in good faith any changes required to 
ensure the continuity of contract obligations. If, 
however, such impossibility exceeds three (3) 
months, the most diligent Party may terminate 
the contract in writing without incurring its 
liability and without entitling the other party 
to claim any right of compensation, with BCD 
retaining previously collected amounts, which 
are irrevocably acquired.

Article 16  – Miscellaneous

If any clause of these Terms is deemed 
to be invalid, illegal, deemed unwritten 
or unenforceable, all other clauses shall 
nevertheless remain in full force and effect. 

The failure or omission by BCD to enforce any 
clause of these Terms will not constitute a 
present or future waiver of such clause nor limit 
BCD right to enforce such clause at a later time.

Article 17 – Language and Jurisdiction

These Terms are governed exclusively by French 
law. Translations of the terms and conditions 
herein, made available to the Purchaser, are 
purely informative and are not legally binding. 
The French version of these Terms has sole 
legal force.

The Parties agree to seek an amicable settlement 
prior to bringing any legal action. Failing this, any 
dispute, of any nature whatsoever regarding 
the Commercial Operation, will be brought 
expressly before the court with jurisdiction over 
BCD’s registered headquarter.

mailto:contactus%40blockchaincertifieddata.com?subject=


38

 [1] Statistics on higher education, Eurostat: 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/Tertiary_education_statistics/fr

 [2] « Fast Facts: Back to school statistics »: https://nces.ed.gov/fastfacts/display.asp?id=372

 [3] « Chine : la poudrière des diplômés », Yu Yiwei, Courrier International, 11/01/2012: 
  http://www.courrierinternational.com/article/2012/01/12/la-poudriere-des-diplomes

 [4] « Indicateurs de l’éducation à la loupe »  http://www.oecd.org/edu/skills-beyond-school/PIF%205.pdf

 [5] « Le DG de Yahoo! Accusé d’avoir menti sur son CV », Marie-Catherine Beuth, Le Figaro Economie, 04/05/2012 : 
http://www.lefigaro.fr/societes/2012/05/04/20005-20120504ARTFIG00514-le-dg-de-yahoo-accuse-d-avoir-
menti-sur-son-cv.php

 [6] The First Lady claimed to have a degree in architecture that she didn’t achieve: « Melania Trump Website, 
Biography Have Disappeared From The Internet », Christina Wilkie, 28/07/2016.

 [7] Translated from Loignon, Stéphane. Big Bang Blockchain: La seconde révolution d’internet (French Edition). 
Tallandier, 2017.

 [8] « Un site internet chinois vend de faux diplômes français », Marie-Estelle Pech, Le Figaro, 29/04/2009 : 
  http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france/2009/04/29/01016-20090429ARTFIG00064-un-site-internet-chinois-

vend-de-faux-diplomes-francais-.php

 [9]  A framework is a group of software components organized following an architectural layout.

 [10]  General Data Protection Regulation: this is the authoritative text about personal data protection in the 
European Union. The scope of this text is extraterritorial.

 [11]  A keystore is a secured location where encrypted keys are stored.

 [12]  Gas is miners’ earnings unit when a smart contract is executed.  This gas is Ether. It is used in infinitesimally 
small amount and market price fluctuates.

 [13]  A hash function is a particular function, which calculates the imprint of a initial data, imprint used to quickly 
identify the later. These functions are used in cryptography.

 [14]  Metropolis is the name of Ethereum’s new update. It use will be easier and more flexible for the smart contract 
developers.

 [15]  Proof-of-Stake: Method by which a cryptocurrency blockchain network aims to achieve distributed consensus.

 [16]  Sharding: process that divides the blockchain in shards, which will be easier to manage.

 [17]  “DApp” or “Oracle” application, which allows reading a transaction’s data on Ethereum via a secured web access.

 [18]  Application Programming Interface: interface through which a provider software offers services to other 
consumer software.

REFERENCES

BCDiploma | References


	[1]
	[1]

	The BCDiploma Project
	State of play
	Number of degrees issued worldwide
	The fake diploma market
	Job boards
	Degree certification: the current offering
	How does BCDiploma meet the school’s expectations?

	BCDiploma Concept
	EvidenZ ecosystem
	Operational specifications
	Crypto Algo

	The Founders
	Business model
	The business model
	Strategy

	The initial Token Sale
	The ecosystem of BCDT’s token
	The Initial Token Sale 
	Tokens’ sale: settings
	ITS’s completion
	Tokens distribution
	How are we going to use the funds ?

	Crypto Algo Appendix
	Technical features
	Architecture

	Terms and conditions
	References

