


















































Credo Token Whitepaper


 
 
1 

 
 
 

Credo Token 
Blockchain Based Spam & Email Access Solution 

 
Stewart Dennis 

Turing Technology, Inc. 
 

July 9, 2017 
 
 

Abstract 
Email is broken. Spam costs the global economy $20 billion per year and still accounts for 70% of 
all email. Existing regulatory and technological solutions have failed to eliminate the significant 
monetary cost and negative externalities of unsolicited email and spam. Email access outside of 
known contacts is difficult. Email access via cold emails is not good for either senders or 
recipients; such messages are not responded to reliably and consume recipients’ valuable time. 
Email access via introduction operates inefficiently through unreliable exchanges of social capital 
and requires senders to have a maintained social path in their network to the recipient. These 
problems with email present significant negative externalities and an inefficient mechanism of 
exchange for email access. The solution is to establish a new market for email access in which 
email senders contacting unknown recipients pay a fee for the email to either go through or be 
responded to. The fee prices in and compensates recipients for the attention or action they 
provide the email, and improves senders’ likelihood of attaining the attention or response of 
recipients. The solution is implemented in two components: BitBounce and credo. BitBounce 
implements filtering of emails from unknown contacts and the payment mechanism for email 
receipt or response. The credo token is the primary unit of exchange that recipients are 
compensated with, though Bitcoin and Tezzies will also be supported for convenience. Credo 
serves the additional purpose of incentivizing adoption and continued use of the BitBounce 
solution via distributions based on proof of usage.  

 
 
 
 

 



 
 
2 

Contents 
 
1.  Value Proposition 
 
2.  State Change 
 2.1 Starting State 

2.1.1 Email between known contacts 
2.1.2 Cold/unsolicited email 
2.1.3 Email via introduction 

 2.2 Goal State 
 2.3 Path 

2.3.1 Components 
2.3.2 Justification 
2.3.3 Timing 
2.3.4 Spam Filter Use Case 
2.3.5 Incentivized Response Use Case 
2.3.6 Autopilot Use Case 
2.3.7 Existing Email Accounts 
2.3.8 Plugins 
2.3.9 Scaling 
2.3.10 Success 

 
3. Distribution 

3.1 Psychology Behind Adoption 
3.2 Viral Marketing Effect 

 3.3 Growth in Fundamentals 
3.4 Transaction Volume 

 3.5 Reward Mechanisms 
 3.6 Proof of Usage 
 3.7 Fraud Prevention 
 3.8 A New Email Standard 
 3.9 A New Tradition-Based Norm 
 
4. Token Dynamics & Launch 
 4.1 Blockchain Implementation 
 4.2 Total Supply 
 4.3 Non-inflation 
 4.4 Division of Tokens 
 4.5 Pricing 
 4.6 Team 
 4.7 Community 
 4.8 Compliance 
 4.9 Risks 
 4.10 Smart Contract 
 4.11 Token Pre-Sale 
 4.12 Token Sale 
 4.13 Use of Proceeds 



 
 
3 

 
1.  Value Proposition 
 
We propose the credo (pl. credos) as a token of exchange in a market for email access 
that seamlessly integrates with existing email accounts and infrastructure. The Credo 
plus BitBounce[1] solution provides: 
 

• Recipients: reduced spam in inbox, restored productivity, compensation for 
engagement with emails from unknown senders. 
 

• Senders: more reliable acquisition of recipient attention and response, improved 
access to recipients who are currently difficult and valuable to contact (see 3.1 for 
discussion of the value of email access corresponding to sender-recipient pairings). 

 
2.  State Change 
 
The purpose of credo and BitBounce is to solve the problems of spam and email access. 
Given that email usage is fast becoming global with 3.7 billion email users already [2], 
solving these problems would create tremendous good through positively impacting a 
large number of people. 
 
2.1 Starting State 
 
The starting state is a world with free email and many negative externalities. We can 
discretize free email access into three separate classes, and then assess each class in turn: 
 
2.1.1 Email between known contacts 
 
Email between known contacts is generally fine. This case only becomes problematic if a 
known sender abuses email access to a recipient (e.g. sending an excessively long series of 
emails until a response is received).  
 
2.1.2 Cold/unsolicited email 
 
Cold emails take up time and cause loss of productivity. Specifically, they cause a 
number of negative externalities including but not limited to: lost attention and 
productivity, overload, difficulty finding the right information, lost time spent on 
archiving and deleting cold emails, and other general negative effects associated with 
spam and unsolicited email. These negative externalities have been estimated to cost the 
global economy $20 billion per year[3] and US businesses $712 per employee each year in 
lost worker productivity [4]. 



 
 
4 

 
Cold emails constitute a significant portion of emails, with research finding 66 percent of 
email reaching user inboxes is spam despite aggressive spam filters [4]. Other recent 
estimates from experts at Microsoft and Google indicate that 70% of all global email is 
still spam [3]. Existing regulations, such as the CAN-SPAM Act, and technology 
solutions such as spam filters have been found to be largely ineffective at solving the 
problem [5]. 
 
2.1.3 Email via introduction 
 
Using a social-exchange theory model [6] of email communication, introductions operate 
via exchanges of social capital. Such email access depends on the network of the sender 
and the state of relationships in that network, which is much less efficient and reliable 
than a financial market with clear pricing. Moreover, such introductions conflate email 
access and referrals, which can be decoupled with email access and referral checking 
happening via separate processes. 
 
2.2 Goal State 
 
The goal state is a world in which a market for email access has been established and 
participation in the market for email access is pervasive and global. With that market 
established, recipients will be sufficiently compensated for any cold/unsolicited emails 
they receive. Moreover, it will be easy, efficient, and reliable to contact VIPs and other 
recipients of sender-specific value via monetary rather than social exchanges. 
 
2.3 Path 
 
2.3.1 Components 
 
There are two components to the path between the starting and goal states: 
 

1. BitBounce technology solution: use the BitBounce service and technology to 
solve the problems and facilitate the market for email access. This component of 
the solution is closed source and is being patented. 

 
2. Credo incentivized distribution: use credos to incentivize the adoption and 

continued use of BitBounce. 
 
2.3.2 Justification 
 
There are two choices that require justification: 1) using a cryptographic token, and 2) 
creating and using the credo token. For 1), the primary justifying reason to use a 



 
 
5 

cryptographic token rather than a conventional currency is that token transactions can 
be confirmed in seconds or minutes rather than days which is necessary for timely 
delivery of emails; there is a secondary, non-technological reason which is the marketing 
benefit of using cryptographic tokens. For 2), the justifying reason for creating the credo 
token is the need for more control over the proof of usage distribution of tokens (see 3.6). 
Redistributing Bitcoin or some other token to correspond to use of BitBounce seems 
infeasible. By creating a new token, we can distribute a much larger portion of the 
token’s total supply in a way that corresponds to usage of BitBounce (see 3.4). Another 
justifying reason to create our own token is that we can raise funds for BitBounce 
through selling a portion of the tokens. 
 
2.3.3 Timing 
 
The idea of using payments to solve spam has been around for a while [7], but it has 
only recently become feasible through the innovation of faster transaction confirmation 
times found in cryptographic tokens. That innovation combined with the emergence of 
Blockchain technology to facilitate token creation makes now the right time to finally 
solve the spam and email access problems using this approach. 
 
2.3.4 Spam Filter Use Case 
 
The first use case for BitBounce is to act as a more effective spam filter, which solves the 
spam problem. This works as follows: 
 

1. A new user signs up and adds an email account. 
2. The user then syncs and/or manually adds contacts to a whitelist. 
3. Incoming emails received from addresses that are not on the whitelist are filtered 

to an email folder called unpaid, and an auto-response is then sent to the original 
email sender as illustrated in Figure 1. 

4. The auto-response asks the sender to do one of the following: 
a. Request to be on the whitelist, which puts their email address on the 

recipient’s whitelist with a button to approve their membership. 
b. Enter a recipient-generated promo code that will allow the email to go 

through for free. 
c. Pay a small fee for the email to go through. 

5. If the sender does nothing, the email remains in the unpaid folder. 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
6 

Figure 1. Auto-response Email 
 

 
 
2.3.5 Incentivized Response Use Case 
 
The second use case for BitBounce is to incentivize a response from a recipient, which 
solves the email access problem. This works as follows: 
 

1. A user composes an email to a listed VIP or arbitrary recipient (see Figure 2). 
2. The user then specifies the fee to pay an arbitrary recipient or accepts the listed 

price for VIPs. 
3. The user sends the email. 
4. The user is asked to pay the fee or pays automatically depending on their 

account setup. 
5. If the user pays, the email is sent to the recipient and another email is sent on 

the email thread informing the recipient that an amount of cryptocurrency is 
being held in escrow for them until they respond. 

6. If the original recipient responds to the email thread then the response is then 
automatically detected and the amount held in escrow is released. 
 



 
 
7 

Figure 2. Incentivized Response Feature 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
One challenge with this use case is ensuring responder authenticity. This is important 
because senders would not want to pay for a response from some delegate such as a 
secretary. Our initial approach will be to vet VIPs listed on our platform and have them 
agree to terms and conditions that require them to personally respond in order to receive 
the cryptocurrency incentive payment. At a later date, we can implement a more robust 
and automated method by using one of the emerging user-device identity platforms to 
automatically prove the identity of the responder. 
 
2.3.6 Autopilot Use Case 
 
The third use case for BitBounce is to automatically pay in Credo for emails to go 
through to recipients. This reduces payment friction and still ensures the problems are 
solved because the inbox only contains emails from people you know or those you’ve 
been paid in Credo to receive. 
 
We have developed a consumer and enterprise version of BitBounce Autopilot. The 
enterprise version works by checking the from-address of incoming emails against the 
company’s domain and then sending a Credo to the recipient user when there’s a match. 
We are currently running a proof of concept with one enterprise for this and it is 
generating non-trivial transaction volume (98 Credo transactions in the last 24 hours). 
Given this enterprise is participating in the first pilot, we are subsidizing the proof of 
concept by providing them with Credo and Ether for their transactions. 
 



 
 
8 

2.3.7 Existing Email Accounts 
 
One of our primary design goals is to improve the state of email with minimal disruption 
to users’ existing email experience. Users already have significant data in and habits 
formed around specific email services, and so we want them to be able to continue using 
their email setup of choice. This goal is accomplished through seamless integration of 
BitBounce with existing email accounts. As soon as a user adds an email account, 
BitBounce can sync their contacts to their whitelist and begin filtering spam (see 3.3 for 
early usage data). The user can then continue using their existing email client (e.g. 
Gmail, Outlook, etc.) with BitBounce operating in the background. In fact, we expect 
that many users will only rarely directly access the BitBounce dashboard (see Figure 3), 
especially as the plugins mature. 
 

Figure 3. BitBounce Dashboard. 
 

 
 
2.3.8 Plugins 
 
In order to further accomplish the goal of improving users email experience with what 
they are currently using, we intend to develop plugins for Gmail (see Figure 3 for design) 
and Outlook that allow for the attaching of credos to an email message (as per 2.3.4). 
These plugins will also facilitate easier adding of addresses to a whitelist via an Add to 
BitBounce Whitelist button. Plugins for these services have already been developed for 



 
 
9 

Turing Cloud[8], and the experience from developing them will now be applied to 
BitBounce plugins. 
 

Figure 4. Design: BitBounce plugin for Gmail. 

 
2.3.9 Scaling 
 
There are two main systems to scale: BitBounce email processing and Credo 
transactions.  
 

Scaling BitBounce email processing: much of the initial scaling of BitBounce 
can be done using experience the team gained from developing Turing Cloud. At 
some point, BitBounce can be switched to a new architecture that shards 
accounts across multiple databases, which would facilitate near infinite 
scalability. 

 



 
 

10 

Scaling Credo transactions: some amount of improved scalability will come 
from improvements in the scalability of Ethereum’s underlying blockchain by the 
core developers (e.g. blockchain sharding). We also intend to conduct some 
portion of transactions off the blockchain that will be settled when a wallet owner 
wants to withdraw Credo; this will also help us avoid disproportionately large 
transaction fees on micropayments. 

 
2.3.10 Success 
 
We will measure the success of our solution to the spam problem by the percentage of all 
email accounts that have BitBounce active on them. We will consider our solution to the 
spam problem to be more successful as this percentage increases. 
 
We will measure the success of our solution to the email access problem by the volume of 
Credo transactions sent via BitBounce, which will indicate the level of activity within 
the market for email access that we have established. We will consider our solution to 
the email access problem to be more successful as this transaction volume increases. 
 
3.  Distribution 
 
3.1 Psychology Behind Adoption 
 
Here is a look at the economic rationale for each party in using BitBounce: 
 

• Recipients who sign up to use BitBounce will have to specify or accept a default 
price at which unknown senders can email them. Given that recipients have 
specified or accepted such a price, they have determined a value for their 
attention and a corresponding price at which they are willing to receive or 
respond to such emails. 

• Senders will be able to see the price at which someone is willing to read or 
respond to their email. If a sender decides to send an email for a given price, then 
they have judged the value of the recipient’s attention or response to be worth 
the cost.  

 
Several types of sender-recipient pairing may find greater value in initiating 
communication with each other via BitBounce. Some examples include entrepreneurs 
contacting investors, salespeople contacting CXOs, and recruiters contacting candidates 
(e.g. engineers). 
 
3.2 Viral Marketing Effect 
 



 
 

11 

BitBounce has a viral marketing effect via auto-responses, whitelist notifications, and 
Guaranteed Response emails. In data from early adoption, this effect has been nontrivial. 
 
3.3 Growth in Fundamentals 
 
We define an active user (AU or DAU) of BitBounce to be a user account that meets the 
following conditions: 
 

1) The user has at least one email account. 
2) The BitBounce spam filter is enabled on the user’s email account(s). 
3) Access to the user’s email account has not been revoked.  

 
As of July 8th 2017, we can disclose that BitBounce currently has a user base of 7,832 
active users that is growing at a rate of 41.4% WoW and 293% MoM. Active users have 
added 654,950 whitelist members and we are now processing over 42,000 emails per day 
on their behalf. The metric we place highest priority on is active user growth because we 
expect this growth in fundamentals to be the primary cause of increased transaction 
volume and the success of our solution in bringing about the goal state. 
 

Figure 5. Chart and Metrics are as of July 8th 2017 
 

 
3.4 Transaction Volume 
 
The Autopilot Use Case (see 2.3.6) has started generating growing transaction volume. 
As of the time of writing, 98 Credo transactions were sent in the last 24 hours with 151 
attempted Credo transactions (logic to retry failed transactions – such as failures from 



 
 

12 

insufficient gas - will be implemented soon). These early indicators suggest that the 
enterprise Autopilot version of BitBounce could be the largest driver of increasing Credo 
transaction volume. 
 
The total volume of transactions from other use cases remains low yet promising. 
 
3.5 Reward Mechanisms 
 
BitBounce stakeholders (contributors and shareholders in Turing Technology, Inc) will 
be issued an allocation of credos in proportion to their contribution and/or ownership of 
the parent company. Participants in the token pre-sale and sale will be rewarded with 
credos in exchange for financial contributions in ether (ETH). The early adopter and 
mainstream groups will be rewarded for usage of BitBounce. See 4.4 for a more detailed 
breakdown. 
 
3.6 Proof of Usage 
 
Given that credos are implemented on the Ethereum Blockchain, a consensus algorithm 
is not needed. However, consensus algorithms usually serve a secondary purpose as a 
reward function. With this in mind, we will be introducing a new reward function called 
Proof of Usage [9]. This function will reward actions that constitute usage of the 
BitBounce technology. The following uses of BitBounce will be rewarded: 
 

• Enable BitBounce on an email account for a specific length of time. 
• BitBounce an unsolicited email. 
• Send a Guaranteed Response email. 
• Respond to a Guaranteed Response email. 
• Add more than one email account. 
• Get friends, colleagues, or associates to adopt BitBounce. 

 
Actions will be rewarded according to varied weightings that are set for specific 
promotional waves (see 3.6). We will additionally look into developing an algorithmic 
usage score based on the credo transaction graph, though this unfortunately cannot 
power a purely technical credo distribution mechanism because of reasons that we’ll now 
address. 
 
3.7 Fraud Prevention 
 
One problem with proof of usage is that it’s susceptible to attack. Two significant attack 
vectors are 1) automating usage that is supposed to be performed by a human, and 2) 
having one entity create multiple identities in order to receive multiple rewards. Various 



 
 

13 

reputation and identity systems [10] have been developed to deal with this kind of 
problem, yet they remain sufficiently inadequate that a purely technical solution does 
not seem sufficient here. 
 
Given this, our solution will be to iterate via a series of promotional waves to a proof of 
usage reward scheme that maximizes the likelihood that rewarded actions have the 
following properties: 
 

1. A human performed the rewarded actions. 
2. The human rewarded for the actions was not previously rewarded for taking such 

actions. 
 
In order to achieve these properties, we will utilize a combination of data science to 
detect potential fraud, know your customer (KYC) for certain waves, varied weighting of 
rewards to actions, and rewards for combinations or patterns of actions that would be 
difficult to automate. 
 
3.8 A New Email Standard 
 
Ultimately, we aim to distribute credo by establishing the token as a new standard in 
email. We will work to establish this new standard technologically through developing 
extensions to existing email protocols such as SMTP and IMAP. Our non-technological 
standardization efforts will focus on developing global recognition and trust in credo 
through transparency, accountability, and continued innovation leadership. 
 
3.9 A New Tradition-Based Norm 
 
Gift giving is an ancient, cross-cultural tradition to demonstrate respect for an elder or 
superior. This custom has been lost with digital relationships, but now Credo is the 
modern revival of the honorable custom. We aim to establish a new norm grounded in 
ancient tradition in which you send Credo to respect and honor your recipient’s time. 
 
We will seek to establish this new norm through a marketing campaign that brands 
Credo as the Token of Respect™ and encourages people to Send the Token of Respect™ 
[11]. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

14 

Figure 6. Marketing graphic for the Send the Token of Respect™ campaign 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4.  Token Dynamics & Launch 
 
4.1 Blockchain Implementation 
 
Credo is implemented as an Ethereum-based token [12] on the Ethereum blockchain. 
Credo complies with the ERC20 token standard [13]. 
 
The Credo team will closely monitor developments in public blockchains. There is a 
possibility that if development of Ethereum stagnates or the Ethereum blockchain 
becomes a less hospitable environment and other alternative blockchains such as Tezos 
become more robust, we may choose to migrate Credo to another blockchain; in such a 
case, all ownership positions would be preserved 1-to-1. If all public blockchains become 
infertile grounds for Credo, we will develop/fork and operate our own blockchain. 
 
4.2 Total Supply 
 



 
 

15 

The total supply of credos was determined during the Credo pre-sale. 1.37 billion credos 
were created in total. To be precise, 1374729257.2286 credos exist. 
 
Credo account totals are stored on the blockchain to 18 decimal places, so the smallest 
unit of account for Credo is 0.000000000000000001 CREDO. 
 
4.3 Non-inflation 
 
There will be no inflation in credos. The Credo smart contract does not permit any new 
tokens to be created. 
 
4.4 Division of Tokens 
 
The total supply for Credo tokens will be divided into four portions. These portions are 
as follows: 
 
Allocation: 40% of the supply will be sold to the public. 
Justification: this allocation is needed in order to generate funds necessary for further 
development and marketing of Credo and BitBounce. The allocation size gives token 
purchasers a meaningful ownership stake in the token, and ensures a more decentralized 
distribution of Credo. A portion of this supply was sold in presale, so 27.29% of the total 
supply will be available for sale in the main public ICO. 
 
Allocation: 30% reserved for a user growth pool. 
Justification: this allocation is needed to perform the Proof of Usage distribution of 
Credo and bootstrap the BitBounce network. 
 
Allocation: 15% reserved for general company expenses. 
Justification: this allocation is needed to cover expenses that the company may incur 
beyond what can be covered with the token sale proceeds. For instance, salaries for 
engineers brought onto the team could be paid for in Credo or with fiat purchased with 
Credo from this allocation. 
 
Allocation: 15% allocated to team members/shareholders in BitBounce’s parent 
company. 
Justification: this allocation is needed to a) reward team members and shareholders for 
their significant contributions made to the development of BitBounce and Credo, and b) 
to keep team member’s personal incentivizes aligned with the success of Credo, which is 
important since the continued contributions of key persons on the team will remain 
necessary for the foreseeable future. 
 



 
 

16 

4.5 Pricing 
 
The price of Credo at the token sale will be set based on valuing 40% of the supply of 
the tokens at $20 million US dollars. Following the token sale, the market will set the 
price based on the price traded on cryptocurrency exchanges. 
 
4.6 Team 
 

• Stewart Dennis is the founder and CEO of BitBounce. He has a degree in 
Computer Science from Stanford University and leads all engineering for 
BitBounce. He is also the lead engineer for Turing Cloud (owned and operated by 
the same parent company as BitBounce), through which he has gained significant 
expertise in email. 

• Alexis Roizen-Dennis leads design and branding for BitBounce. 
• Tim Draper is an investor in BitBounce and originator of the concept. He is the 

founding partner of Draper Associates and DFJ. 
 
4.7 Community 
 
The team will seek to foster a strong community around Credo, and attract community 
members who can give feedback and evangelize usage of the token and product. 
 
A Credo Owners Facebook group has been set up to foster discussion and keep owners 
informed of updates. Our partners in China have set up a WeChat group for Chinese 
Credo owners. We will also set up a sub-Reddit for Credo. We will not have a Slack 
group/channel because numerous other token Slack groups have been subject to phishing 
attacks. 
 
4.8 Compliance 
 
The team behind Credo is working with outside legal counsel to ensure full compliance. 
However, the emerging cryptographic token space is sparsely regulated right now. Our 
goal is to be as compliant as possible within such a regulatory environment, and some 
have raised the possibility that US securities regulations could apply. For the question of 
whether they apply, the appropriate framework is the Howey Test established in SEC v. 
Howey [14]. Our understanding and interpretation of this test is that credos do not pass 
it because 1) ownership of Credo does not provide any ownership or related rights in a 
company, 2) Credos are deployed in production and have real utility via the BitBounce 
service, and 3) credos serve a distinct function more akin to application credits than a 
financial instrument. That said, the contents of this document do not constitute legal 
advice and we encourage prospective purchasers with concerns to consult with an 



 
 

17 

attorney. We expect the regulatory environment to evolve as the cryptocurrency space 
matures and we will do everything we can to maintain compliance.  
 
4.9 Risks 
 
As with any cryptographic token, significant risks exist. These risks include potential 
failures in the still new Ethereum platform and with BitBounce technology. Prospective 
token purchasers ought to thoroughly assess the involved risks and know that 
possibilities involving a catastrophic failure in underlying technology that wipe out token 
value could happen. These risks will be further covered in the terms and conditions for 
the sale. 
 
We will endeavor to mitigate risks relating to BitBounce technology through rigorous 
testing and through using Credo bounties for identification of security vulnerabilities. 
We will mitigate risks relating to the Ethereum platform by monitoring other options for 
public blockchains (see 4.1). 
 
4.10 Smart Contract 
 
The smart contract for Credo is available on GitHub [15]. In order to ensure security, 
the token is based on the ERC20 standard with minimal deviations coupled with 
inspiration from other ERC20 tokens such as the Ethereum token tutorial, the 
FirstBlood token, and the BAT [16]. 
 
4.11 Token Pre-Sale 
 
The Credo pre-sale took place from June 2nd to June 12th 2017. Over 26 million credos 
were sold for 260.79 ETH. As of the time of writing, approximately 60% of the token 
pre-sale proceeds have been liquidated and primarily used to build additional momentum 
ahead of the token sale with a smaller portion used for general company expenses.  
 
4.12 Token Sale 
 
The Credo token sale is taking place on July 26th 2017. Approximately 40% of the total 
supply of credos will be sold in the token sale. Instructions on how to participate will be 
released on the BitBounce website, emailed to BitBounce users, and broadcast through 
various media channels. 
 
4.13 Use of Proceeds 
 
The token sale proceeds will primarily be used on three areas: 



 
 

18 

 
• Improving the BitBounce service through product improvements, recruiting 

VIPs for email access, customer support, partnerships, etc. 
• Acquiring market share through additional viral growth mechanisms, paid 

marketing, advertising, PR, etc. 
• Defending against threats via security enhancements, use of encryption, 

proactive defense against any advanced persistent threats, protecting our 
trademarks and the IP of our inventions, etc. 

 
In executing on the above, we will expand the team. We will build out a small yet elite 
engineering team to join Stewart along with a number of other hires for areas such as 
marketing, business development, and customer service. A detailed budget has been 
developed, yet some flexibility will be factored into the planned expenditures based on 
evolving needs. 
 
References 
 

1. BitBounce service. URL: https://bitbounce.io 
2. Email Statistics Report, 2017-2021, The Radicati Group, Inc. URL: 

http://www.radicati.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Email-Statistics-
Report-2017-2021-Executive-Summary.pdf 

3. What Is The Real Impact Of Spam On Business? URL: 
https://www.topsec.com/it-security-news-and-info/what-is-the-real-impact-of-
spam-on-business 

4. "Spam Costing US Businesses $712 Per Employee Each Year." Nucleus Research, 
n.d. URL: https://nucleusresearch.com/press/nucleus-research-spam-costing-us-
businesses-712-per-employee-each-year/ 

5. "2nd Annual Spam Report." Nucleus Research, n.d. URL: 
https://nucleusresearch.com/press/2nd-annual-spam-report-cost-of-spam-more-
than-doubled-in-past-year-to-1934-annually-per-employee/ 

6. Emerson, R M (1976). "Social Exchange Theory". Annual Review of Sociology. 2: 
335–362. URL: 
http://www.annualreviews.org/doi/10.1146/annurev.so.02.080176.002003 

7. Future Imperfect, Slicing Spam. David D. Friedman. URL: 
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B001GCUCLS/ref=dp-kindle-
redirect?_encoding=UTF8&btkr=1 

8. Turing Cloud is a complete SaaS suite that you can run your business on. It 
includes numerous email-related products such as an email client, an email 
marketing system, sales email tracking functionality, and email analytics. URL: 
https://www.turing-cloud.com 

9. Cyrus Khajvandi, a cryptocurrency expert who consulted on the development of 
credo, coined the Proof of Usage term. 



 
 

19 

10. Rep on the block: A next generation reputation system based on the Blockchain. 
URL: http://www.the-
blockchain.com/docs/A%20next%20generation%20reputation%20system%20based
%20on%20the%20blockchain.pdf 

11. Token of Respect™ and Send the Token of Respect™ are trademarks of BitBounce 
via Turing Technology, Inc. with all rights reserved. 

12. Create Your Own Crypto-currency With Ethereum. URL: 
https://www.ethereum.org/token 

13. What is the ERC20 Ethereum Token Standard? URL: 
https://themerkle.com/what-is-the-erc20-ethereum-token-standard/ 

14. SEC v. Howey Co. 328 U.S. 293 (1946). URL: 
https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/328/293/case.html 

15. Credo Token Crowdsale GitHub Repository. URL: 
https://github.com/turinginc/credo-token-crowdsale 

16. GitHub repository for BAT Smart Contract code. URL: 
https://github.com/brave-intl/basic-attention-token-
crowdsale/tree/master/contracts 


