













































CONTENTS
1.  Introduction

2.  Short description of BitCoen blockchain project 3 BitCoen blockchain 

project in details

3.  Justification of BitCoen blockchain project

4.  Main products of BitCoen blockchain project

 5.1  BitCoen wallet

 5.2  BitCoen loyalty program

 5.3  Online payment system.

 5.4 Offline BitCoen payment terminal

 5.5  Marketplace of Jewish businesses MJ.ru (Marketplace Jew)

 5.6  Advertising platform for popularizing Jewish businesses BitCoen 

ADV 6 Essence of BitCoen tokens

6.  Сущность токенов BitCoen

 6.1  BitCoen for user

 6.2  BitCoen for business user

 6.3  Blockchain as the project basis

7.  Token Sale of BitCoen project

 7.1  Dates of start and end of Token Sale

 7.2  POST Token Sale

 7.3  Timeline of BitCoen blockchain project

 7.5. Token Price, bonuses

 7.4  Payment methods

 7.5. Marketing activity

 7.6 Usage of funds received as a result of token sale

8.  Marketing activity

9.People in the project

 9.1  Project Team

 9.2  Auditors of the project

 9.3  Tech Audit 

 9.4  Project advisers

10.  Legal notice 10 Risk factors

11.  Risk factors

12.  Terms and Definitions

13.  Registration of users

 
 



DISCLAIMER
THIS DOCUMENT IS THE INTELECTUAL PROPERTY OF BITCOEN LTD.
THE GOAL OF THIS WHITE PAPER IS TO PRESENT THE BITCOEN PROJECT 
TO POTENTIAL BITCOEN TOKEN HOLDERS. THE INFORMATION SET FORTH 
BELOW MAY NOT BE EXHAUSTIVE AND DOES NOT IMPLY ANY ELEMENTS 
OF A CONTRACTUAL RELATIONSHIP. ITS SOLE PURPOSE IS TO PROVIDE 
RELEVANT AND REASONABLE INFORMATION TO POTENTIAL TOKEN 
HOLDERS IN ORDER FOR THEM TO DETERMINE WHETHER TO UNDERTAKE A 
THOROUGH ANALYSIS OF THE COMPANY WITH THE INTENT OF ACQUIRING 
BITCOEN TOKENS. NOTHING IN THIS WHITE PAPER SHALL BE CONSTRUED 
AS A PROSPECTUS OF EMISSION OR INVESTMENT OFFER OF ANY KIND. 
THIS ORIGINAL BITCOEN TOKEN OFFER IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR BUY 
SECURITIES OF ANY JURISDICTION.
THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT COMPOSED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND IS NOT 
SUBJECT TO, LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION WHICH ARE 
DESIGNED TO PROTECT INVESTORS. CERTAIN STATEMENTS, ESTIMATES, AND 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS WHITE PAPER CONSTITUTE 
FORWARD—LOOKING STATEMENTS OR INFORMATION.. SUCH FORWARD—
LOOKING STATEMENTS OR INFORMATION INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN 
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES WHICH MAY CAUSE ACTUAL EVENTS OR 
RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THE ESTIMATES OR THE RESULTS 
IMPLIED OR EXPRESSED IN SUCH FORWARD—LOOKING STATEMENTS. 
BITCOEN DOES NOT ALLOW USERS TO AVOID CAPITAL CONTROLS OF ANY 
KIND AND DOES NOT ALLOW THEM TO INVEST IN ANY FOREIGN ASSETS.
PURCHASE OF BITCOEN TOKEN MAY INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. SEE 
RISK SECTION IN THE CURRENT WHITE PAPER AND IN THE TOKEN SALE 
AGREEMENT (THE “ TSA ”) .BEFORE TAKING A DECISION TO PURCHASE 
BITCOEN, MAKE SURE YOU ARE CAPABLE TO PROVIDE REPRESENTATIONS 
AND WARRANTIES SPECIFIED IN THE RESPECTIVE SECTION OF THE TSA. 
THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT AND THE OFFERING AND SALE 
OF BITCOEN TOKENS IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY 
LAW, AND THEREFORE PERSON INTO WHOSE POSSESSION THIS DOCUMENT 
COMES SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES ABOUT AND OBSERVE ANY SUCH 
RESTRICTIONS. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE RESTRICTIONS 
COULD RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.
BITCOEN TOKENS HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE US SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933 (THE “ SECURITIES ACT ”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES.
BITCOEN TOKENS SHALL NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF:
 A GREEN CARD HOLDER OF THE UNITED STATES OR A UNITED STATES 
CITIZEN OR PERMANENT RESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (TAX OR 
OTHERWISE), OR TO AN INDIVIDUAL HAVING A PRIMARY RESIDENCE OR 
DOMICILE IN THE UNITED STATES (TAX OR OTHERWISE), INCLUDING PUERTO 
RICO, THE U.SS. VIRGIN ISLANDS OR ANY OTHER POSSESSION OF THE 
UNITED STATES.- A CITIZEN OR PERMANENT RESIDENT OF THE PEOPLE’S 
REPUBLIC OF CHINA (TAX OR OTHERWISE), OR TO AN INDIVIDUAL HAVING 



A PRIMARY RESIDENCE OR DOMICILE IN THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
(TAX OR OTHERWISE ). 
IF YOU ARE ONE OF THE FORESAID, YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE TO BUY 
BITCOEN TOKENS IN ANY FORM AND/OR BY ANY MEANS.

IF YOU ARE A CITIZEN OR PERMANENT RESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF 
SINGAPORE (TAX OR OTHERWISE), OR YOU HAVE A PRIMARY RESIDENCE OR 
DOMICILE IN SINGAPORE OR YOU ARE ACITIZEN OR PERMANENT RESIDENT 
OF CANADA (TAX OR OTHERWISE)), OR YOU HAVE A PRIMARY RESIDENCE 
OR DOMICILE IN CANADA, OR YOU ARE A CITIZEN OR PERMANENT 
RESIDENT OF HONG KONG (TAX OR OTHERWISE)), OR YOU HAVE A PRIMARY 
RESIDENCE OR DOMICILE IN HONG KONG, YOU ARE ELIGIBLE TO PURCHASE 
BITCOEN TOKENS ONLY TO PRE—PURCHASE SERVICES ON THE BITCOEN 
PLATFORM. BITCOEN TOKENS IS PERMISSIBLE ONLY AFTER BITCOEN 
ENABLES REGISTRATION OF THE TOKENS ISSUED ON ITS PLATFORM AS 
SECURITIES OR UNDER EXEMPTIONS IN THE JURISDICTIONS SPECIFIED 
HEREBY (IF APPLICABLE)) AND ENSURES OBTAINING RESPECTIVE LICENSES 
AND/OR PERMISSIONS/APPROVALS AND/OR GETTING REGISTRED UNDER 
EXEMPTIONS IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS (IF APPLICABLE). BITCOEN LTD. DO 
NOT MAKE ANY GUARANTEES AND DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY THAT THE 
ABOVE MENTIONED CONDITIONS WILL BE FULFILLED.

IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE THAT THEIR PARTICIPATION 
IN THE TOKEN SALE IS NOT PROHIBITED UNDER THE APPLICABLE LEGAL 
RESTRICTIONS IN THEIR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE OR DOMICILE. BITCOEN 
LTD. NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE TOKEN SALE PARTICIPANTS WHO TAKE 
PART IN THE TOKEN SALE EVENT IN BREACH OF THEIR COUNTRY’S LAWS, 
EVEN IF VIOLATIONS OF THESE LAWS ARE DUE TO IGNORANCE.
FOR THE CONVENIENCE OF USERS BITCOEN WHITE PAPER, WEBSITE 
AND OTHER PUBLIC INFORMATION ARE AVAILABLE IN A NUMBER OF 
LANGUAGES. IN THE EVENT THERE IS ANY CONFLICT OR DISCREPANCY 
BETWEEN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION AND ANY OTHER FOREIGN 
LANGUAGE VERSION, THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION HAS PRIORITY.  
  
  

 



1.  Introduction

 

The world Jewish community is one of the oldest associations of the people. For 

centuries it has been carefully keeping its religion and culture.

Following the traditions, preserving the connections around the world and the 

compulsory mutual assistance are the main values of the Jewish people around 

the world. However, a financial assistance between countries and continents 

is sometimes too expensive, and the modern technologies, helping to reduce 

these costs are still very poorly used in the community. And this is despite the 

fact that Jews often develop the most progressive technological solutions, and 

it was Jewish people, who once created the banking system itself. Today we are 

developing the first blockchain-project for the Jewish community around the 

world, fully in line with the cultural norms and traditions of our people.

 

 

 

 

BitCoen
The power of traditions and technologies

BitCoen (abbreviated BEN) is the first Jewish ecosystem, a blockchain-project, 

a business platform and a services system, complementing it, developed for 

interaction between representatives of Jewish communities around the world.

Link to official website http://bitcoen.io

 

 

The results of passing the SEC Howey Test:
POINTS: 0 (low risk level) here is the link to test results…)  

View results 



2.  Short description of BitCoen blockchain 
project

The goal of BitCoen project is to strengthen the Jewish community and 

strengthen the connection between its members.

The objectives of the BitCoen project are:

1. Emission of BitCoen token on a stand-alone BlockChain independent of 

others.

2. Development of the first loyalty program with points having a value equal to 

BitCoen token. The name of this -token comes from the Hebrew word “Coen” 

(cohen), which denotes the highest caste of the Jews

3. Development of BitCoen ecosystem – BitCoen-wallet, the API payment 

system. The main task of the BitCoen ecosystem is to develop the economy 

of the Jewish community, to provide employment opportunities and to help 

the community to enter the crypto-economy, where the future comes.

4. Development of a payment system with popular crypto-currencies and 

BitCoen in offline stores and Internet networks.

5. Providing maximum transparency of charitable transfers due to the 

blockchain technology, the convenience of transferring funds to tzedakah and 

others are needs of the community.

6. Association of Jewish businesses, goods and services on a single 

communication platform to increase convenience for consumers, as well as 

the growth of effectiveness of Jewish businesses due to their advertising and 

attracting attention by using a single advertising platform. 

The needs of the Jewish community

1. Stimulate the clients of different companies for the permanent use  

of products and services of particular companies

2. A simple and fast tool for transferring funds. Transfers of funds to different 

countries require a lot of time to collect documents, and that complicates 

business processes and the solution of personal issues;

3. An understandable mechanism for transferring funds to charity. This platform 

will allow us to make charitable contributions transparent. The project 

as a whole makes it possible for ordinary users to use modern crypto-

technologies.

4. A single platform for purchase and sale of goods and services for Jewish 

companies, which helps to unite the audience and further increase the 

success of businesses.



Why do we propose to use the blockchain and 
crypto-currencies

The blockchain is a system in which all the actions of its participants are 

recorded. Blockchain makes all the operations as transparent as possible; no 

information can be withdrawn or restricted in the blockchain.

Bitcoen - token (short name BEN) -  is a decentralized virtual payment tool, used 

for payments within the ecosystem. token is not pegged to any one state, so it 

can be easily used around the world. There is information on how many tokens/

points (in case of BitCoen) were emitted by the company in the blockchain. The 

number of points remains unchanged: they cannot be reduced or emitted more, 

thereby reducing their purchasing power. Since the number of points, а также 

история  движения токенов,  issued by BitCoen is recorded in the blockchain, 

BENs cannot be adulterated.

Main components of BitCoen blockchain project

1. BitCoen token is a tool, allowing purchasing, making mutual payments, paying 

for services and donating to charity. The offline and online payment system, 

which allows using BitCoen in everyday life.

2. BitCoen loyalty program (“BitCoen Loyalty”) for the Jewish community 

around the world. By using this system for payments in stores, a user receives 

BitCoens which can be spent wherever BitCoen is accepted for payment. A 

validity period of charged BENs is not limited, they do not disappear.

3. BitCoen wallet (“BitCoen Wallet”)  is a convenient system for daily use, both 

for private persons and business, and has the form of online and offline 

payment system.

4. A single platform/marketplace for Jewish businesses (“Bitcoen Platform”), 

which allows accessing all products and services in one-stop-shop mode.

5. The advertising platform   for   popularizing   Jewish   businesses  BitCoen ADV  

allows business-partners of the system to get new consumers of their services 

by attracting them to the products within the Market Place, as well as to own 

Internet resources of these partners. 



BitCoen - how to earn and where to spend

BitCoen can be obtained by exchanging it for fiat currency or crypto-currency, 

earned by receiving payments BENs, by doing something useful for the 

ecosystem, or got, purchasing at partners of the loyalty program. (Link to 

Blockchain loyalty program)

You can spend BitCoen:
• at the partners of the project - these are the companies, that decided to 

accept payments in BitCoens and participate in the loyalty program;

• to join the general BitCoen loyalty program (for business)

• for payment of services or gratuitous help to each other;

• for charity.

• for additional services in the Bitcoen Platform 

• as a commission for using the BitCoen Pay service

Six reasons, why you should become a partner of 
BitCoen project

1. This is the first blockchain project, the use of which is supported by the 

Jewish communities in Russia. The project was supported by the members 

of the communities in Germany, France, Spain, Italy, and Russia. Now the 

negotiations with communities of other countries are in progress, it means 

that while you are traveling, you can use the token with BitCoen and receive 

bonuses for using it.

2. BitCoen ecosystem, on the one hand, is a set of handy tools for the life of the 

Jewish community, and on the other hand, it stimulates its development and 

prosperity, creates new jobs and opportunities for implementation of new 

ideas, staying within the limits of cultural traditions and values.

3. Using BitCoen platform, Jews can support their businesses, purchasing and 

performing mutual settlements (both in B2C and in B2B segments) while 

getting points from the loyalty program – BitCoen tokens.

4. The Jewish community gets a tool, facilitating the collection of tzedakah, a 

tool for receiving charitable donations, as well as for fundraising for specific 

purposes, for the needs of community members from anywhere in the world. 

Blockchain allows the accurate tracking of the arrival and distribution of 



charity donated.

5. The representatives of Jewish communities receive a single point of entry 

for sale and purchase services for other representatives of the Jewish 

community, effectively strengthening the connection.

6. The mutual help becomes even easier with BitCoen. BitCoen services allow 

any member of the community from any place of the world to make a transfer 

to another member of the community also regardless of his/her location. At 

that, the transaction is almost immediate, with minimal fees and without the 

need for additional levels of confirmation and control.

 

… And 6 more reasons to become a member of the 
BitCoen project
 

1. Connecting your business to the BitCoen platform (to do this, you have to 

purchase BitCoens tokens), you get an opportunity to accept payments and 

participate in BENs loyalty program, stimulating your customers to come 

back to you again and again.

2. BitCoen holders participate in the privileges program, which includes not 

only additional discounts and bonuses but also provides an opportunity to 

receive education in the field of crypto-economy and the expansion of useful 

business contacts.

3. BitCoen ecosystem is a friendly community that is easy for getting 

opportunities for business development and advice from leading experts.

4. BitCoen company has advisers consisting of reputable representatives of 

communities around the world, helping to develop the system. Maximally 

transparent structure of BitCoen and processes inside is a guarantee of the 

reliability of BitCoen ecosystem.

5. 10% of tokens are automatically transmitted as tzedakah to communities, 

which have supported BitCoen at the Token Sale stage; right after the 

community joins BitCoen company.

6. Joining the BitCoen project, you master the future technologies today and 

step ahead of your competitors.



3.  BitCoen blockchain project in details
BitCoen company emits 100,000,000 BitCoen tokens.

The organization sells BitCoen tokens to representatives of the community 

around the world. The emission of BitCoens tokens  is not limited to the Jewish 

community, but it is supposed, that up to 90% of tokens will be gathered within 

the community. The distribution is possible only by the registered participants in 

the project.

4.  Justification of BitCoen blockchain 
project
The Jewish community and its needs, the blockchain technology, the 

crowdfunding platform for creating new businesses and the developed loyalty 

program, which, among other things, strengthens the interconnections within 

the community are the main components of the project.

Practical example: David worked in the construction industry and for almost 

ten years he saved up money to open his bar. Finally, the bar was opened. The 

owner was tired of his long way to this dream but very happy. However, in a few 

months, David has to close the bar, since there were no clients who would give a 

minimum necessary profit, as for the interest loan it was forbidden by faith, and 

his personal funds were over. 

So this businessman needed a tool that would help him to get funds, not 

breaking the rules of the religion, create an original client base and loyalty 

program to keep customers since a bar is a highly competitive business.



5.  Main products of BitCoen blockchain 
project
 

5.1  BitCoen wallet
BitCoen wallet is a wallet, supporting BitCoen tokens. The wallet is available on 

various platforms – Apple, Android, Windows, iOS for smartphones and tablets. 

This means that by registering a wallet, for example, on a PC, the client is able to 

use it and on other devices by taking private keys.

The interface of the wallet is intuitive, one can check the balance, receive and 

send funds, and the design of the wallet provides the opportunity to use it 

comfortably even for the most inexperienced user.

The program that allows defining points in a specified radius accepted by 

BitCoen wallet  is built in the mobile wallet. So the user does not have to look 

in advance for shops and institutions, where he/she can spend BENs, the 

program shows such points automatically in real time and constantly updating, 

discovering new points

 

The interface of the wallet supports Hebrew by default.

 

The 15 years of experience of our team in the development of payment systems 

allowed making BitCoen wallet functional, easy to use, and fast as much as 

possible: quick transactions, a high accuracy of displaying of all processes on the 

device screen.

The security of the wallet is a top priority task of its developers. BitCoen wallet 

stores private keys on the device, therefore, only the user can control the funds.

One of the most significant options for users of technological payment platforms 

is an efficient and high-quality support service. Support service of BitCoen wallet 

and its mobile version works in all popular messengers 24/7.

 

5.2  BitCoen loyalty program

BitCoen loyalty program allows receiving BENs, making purchases at program 

partners and spending them also at program partners

The Bitcoen team developed integration with the largest online stores, and 



just after launch the users of the loyalty program can get BENs, making online 

purchases in more than 700 store and buying goods offline, for example, kosher 

salt in “King David” company.

The loyalty program stimulates the activity of customers of various businesses, 

which have joined to the BitCoen Loyalty program.

You can pay for goods and services from partners of the loyalty program both 

with BENs and with fiat money. In any case, the program participant gets bonus 

BENs.

Unlike all current loyalty programs, user’s BENs cannot be canceled either by the 

developers of the program or by its partners. The blockchain technology does 

not provide such an opportunity. You can store the accumulated BitCoen tokens  

for an indefinitely long term and spend them when such a need arises.

BitCoen loyalty program does not limit the amount of accumulated points. The 

increase in the number of BENs allows any user to join the privilege program 

(link to privilege app).

5.3  Online payment system BitCoen Pay

Multilingual payment system form supports the most widely spoken languages 

of the world, including Hebrew; it is suitable for use on any device and due to its 

friendly interface, is understandable even to those payers, which previously did 

not use any crypto-currency.

Online payment system:

Allows receiving BitCoen tokens  as payment in online stores and offline stores

Allows having a minimum fee for transactions.

All the features of the system are available immediately after registration: the 

required formalities are minimized.

5.4  Offline BitCoen pay  payment terminal 

Offline BitCoen pay payment terminal is an application for a smartphone or a 

tablet, allowing the businesses to receive payments in BitCoen tokens. 

The BitCoen team has already launched two successful payment projects on the 



offline payments market, Life, Pay and PayQR.

Life.Pay is a payment and cash solution for business, it is suitable for retail, 

HoReCa and online stores.

PayQR is a cloud payment system for mobile phones and tablets, based on QR-

encoding, NFC and Bluetooth Smart technology.

BitCoen for offline payment terminal will be based on the experience of already 

running technologies and integrates all the strong sides.

The development of the offline BitCoen payment terminal suggests the legal 

rationale and strict adherence to the law.

5.5  Marketplace of Jewish businesses (Bitcoen 
Platform)

A single Marketplace of products and services, BitCoen platform, provided 

by the Jewish business. In fact, this is a single entry point for both user and 

businessman, which unites them on a single platform, where users can buy 

goods or order services at once at many suppliers, and the businesses sell their 

products to representatives of the Jewish communities around the world. Each 

user of the marketplace, as well as the business which joined the platform, is a 

member of BitCoen Loyalty program, and also can receive payments via Bitcoen 

Pay and pay for services inside the system in BitCoen tokens.

How it works. Nathan decided to launch his brand of kosher salt. He found 

supplier and ordered the first batch. He got it and put on the shelf of a friendly 

store, but for some reason people do not buy it. Then Nathan decided to 

connect to Bitcoen system. 

The first thing he did is that he began to give BitCoen as a promotion for the 

purchase, which allowed him to increase the turnover and to repeat purchases. 

After that, he connected the BitCoen Pay payment service and people who were 

interested and loved to pay with crypto-currencies started to come to his store. 

The third step was as follows: Nathan placed his goods in as single market place of 

BitSoen Platform, where his kosher salt became available not only to his neighbors, 

who lived near the store, but also for any user of the platform anywhere in the world 

thereby increasing his own turnover and sales by several orders.

 5.6. Advertising platform for popularizing Jewish 



businesses BitCoen ADV

The advertising platform BitCoen ADV allows business-partners of the system to 

get new consumers of their services by attracting them to the products within 

the Bitcoen Platform, as well as to own Internet resources of these partners.

The specificity of the platform is that there is an additional targeting of the 

audience on the representatives of the Jewish community.

At that, we gather the partners of BitCeon into a single ad network with the 

help of which they will be able to earn, selling traffic to other partners, either 

to exchange clients thereby increasing their business, but without advertising 

expenses.



6. Essence of BitCoen tokens
BitCoen plans to release only 100,000,000 tokens.

Emission of tokens occurs once, at the launch of the network, and is distributed 

among the participants according to the distribution scheme indicated in this 

White Paper. Additional emission is not expected. 

BitCoen tokens are essentially an independent product, an internal payment tool 

within our platform.

At this BitCoen tokens within BitCoen Loyalty programs are the points of loyalty, 

but can also be used as a payment tool within the BitCoen ecosystem, including 

those for working with the BitCoen platform.

BitCoen tokens do not have a functional share and do not imply receipt of a 

passive profit or other income. Tokens do not give voting right; tokens do not 

give rights to income of the company. Tokens do not give the right to own shares 

in the company, and stakes of the company.

There are two types of BitCoen tokens: basic and those with restrictions. The 

BitCoen recipients and company’s partners owe most of the BENs.

The project team, advisors, Board members and recipients of bounties with a 

view to project stabilization owe the tokens with restrictions on sales and/or 

exchange.

For the project team, the limitation period is 2 years from the moment of the 

allocation of BEN. For the board members – 2 years from the distribution of 

BEN.

For advisers - 6 months from the date of distribution of BEN.

For recipients of bounties - 3 months from the date of distribution of BEN.

6.1  BitCoen for user

For a typical user, BitCoen token  can be used as a payment tool for payments 

for goods and services in kosher stores and establishments that joined BitCoen 

blockchain-project.

You can pay tzedakah with BENs, as well as give them to the needs of the 



synagogue, the evening Kollel for Chevra Kadisha, for Keren Chaya Mushka 

mutual aid fund, for the help of veterans, charity events, tickets for Jewish 

holidays, Shabbat and so on.

BitCoen tokens can be given to other persons within the personal settlements or 

in the form of help. The geography of the transfer is not limited.

BitCoen is not restricted to the purchase of BENs. Large BitCoen holders 

become clients of the privilege program.

6.2  BitCoen for business user

The Bitcoen ecosystem provides the business user with an online storefront 

for his/her products and services, which is a single market place for Jewish 

businesses. Each user of the marketplace, as well as business, which joined 

the platform is the member of the BitCoen Loyalty program, and also has the 

opportunity to receive payments via Bitcoen Pay and pay for internal paid 

services with BitCoen tokens.

6.3  Blockchain as the project basis

BitCoen is based on the source code of the izzz.io platform and uses a 

consensus that is based on Limited Confidence Proof of Activity (LCPoA) and 

a trusted node system (Thrusted Nodes) to speed up the network. It is also 

planned to create a BitCoen compatibility layer with the ERC20 standard, for 

easy integration with exchanges.

The choice of the izzz.io blockchain-platform is justified by the characteristics of 

this system, which exceeds the analogs for a number of characteristics:

Characteristics Waves Bitcoin based Ethereum Universa BitShares izzz.io

Creating tokens 
based on code

- - + + + +

Cross-blockchains 
(blockchain network 
with intersections)

- - - - - +

The ability to 
use without full 
synchronization with 
the network

+ 
thin 

client

In some 
implementations 
or a thin client

+
thin 

client
+ - +



Characteristics Waves Bitcoin based Ethereum Universa BitShares izzz.io

Chains with length 
limitation

- - - - - +

Bus messaging - - - n/a - +

Interaction with the 
browser without 
plug-ins and external 
services

- - - - - +

Block Validation 
Algorithm

PoS PoW и другие -PoW
Delegated 

PoS
LCPoA

Programming 
language

Scala, Java C++ C++, Go Java C++ Node.js

Bitcoen blockchain features: 

- LCPoA blockchain algorithm that reliably protects the network from spam and

false transactions, while it does not require large expenditures of computing

resources;

- lack of mining in the system;

- transactions within the platform network - are free;

- high network speed (up to 25,000 transactions per second)

Scheme of the Bitcoen transactional system: 



Thrusted Nodes are nodes that work with the keys that released at the launch 

of the blockchain network, and used to speed up transactions by the absence of 

distributed consensus.

Proof-of-Activity Fallback Consensus - a standby system of consensus in the 

network. Completely decentralized, and allows the network to continue to work 

if Thrusted Nodes are not available within 24 hours.

For distributed consensus, the time-dependent LCPoA is used.

7. Token Sale of BitCoen project
Token sale is launched to attract partners, ready to use the BitCoen ecosystem 

for business and private interests.

November 28, 2017 – the official start of the Token sale, which will last until 

December 26, 2017.

Should the circumstances hamper the Token Sale (technical disruptions caused 

not by the developers, political situation, difficulty of transactions) BitCoen 

system users can prolong the Token Sale in the concert-established period. 

7.1  Bitcoen token distribution

Эмиссия BitCoen составляет 100 000 000 BEN.

На Token Sale доступно до 20 000 000 BEN по цене 1 доллар США.

Минимальная целевая сумма сбора в период Pre token Sale и  Token Sale  

с учетом сборов, начальный инвестиций основателей и частных инвестиций: 

750 000 долларов США

Максимальная целевая сумма сбора в период Token Sale : 20 000 000 долла-

ров США

После завершения Token Sale начнется деятельность по внедрению про-

граммы лояльности; выводу токена BitCoen на биржи, запуску платформы 

BitCoen, подключению торговых точек, а также популяризации

блокчейн-проекта BitCoen среди представителей общины. 

Токены, не распределенные в ходе Token Sale будут переведены в 

резервный фонд на дальнейшее функционирование системы сразу после 

подведения итогов Token Sale. 



Распределение токенов Bitcoen 

7.2  POST Token Sale

The BitCoen team reserves the right to issue BENs to the market from its 

reserves. The cost of BENs issued after the completion of the Token sale 

is determined by the market. The release of BitCoen from the company’s 

reserves after the completion of the Token sale and their placement on the 

stock exchange may be due to the need to fund new projects necessary for the 

development of the BitCoen ecosystem.

According to preliminary calculations, the total capitalization of the BitCoen 

project, taking into account all the services that will be created within the 

ecosystem, should be $1.5 billion. According to independent experts, in the 

future, the capitalization of BitCoen can grow 10 times.

7.3  Timeline of BitCoen blockchain project

November 28, 2017 – the official start of the Token sale, which will last until 

December 26, 2017. The emission of BitCoen is 95% (95.000.000 BENs out of 

100.000.000 maximum possible BENs). 



Up to 20 million BENs at the price of $1 per one BEN are available on the Token 

sale. After the completion of Token sale, we will begin the activities to implement 

the loyalty program; the release of BitCoen token on the exchange, to launch 

the BitCoen platform, the connection of stores, and the popularization of the 

BitCoen blockchain-project among the representatives of the community.

Following the results of Token sale:

• 10% of BENs will be given for tzedakah;

• 3% of BENs will be given for the Bounty campaign 10% of BENs will be given

for advisers of BitCoen 15% of BENs will be given for the project team 62% of

BEN will be given for the open market;

$0.75 million  — emission of blockchain and BitCoen-token, listing on stock 

exchanges (min collection volume).

$3 million  — development of the necessary tools for users: the BitCoen 

wallet and its mobile app.

$7 million  — launch of loyalty program, development of opportunities for 

offline payments, online payment system using QR code technology;

$15 million  — Single Marketplace for Jewish businesses, goods and services 

> $15 million + (maximum fee) – Advertising platform for the popularization

of Jewish businesses BitCoen ADV

7.4 Value of BitCoen

At the Token sale, the value of BitCoen is $1.

During the bonus periods for $1, user can receive additional BENs



Bonus periods and bonus system:

November 28, 6 pm (gmt+3) – November 29, 5:59 pm (gmt+3).

1-5000 BEN $1 = 1.35 BEN (BONUS 35%)

5001-50.000 BEN $1 = 1.40 BEN (BONUS 40%)

50.001-100,000 BEN $1 = 1.45 BEN (BONUS 45%)

100.001+ BEN $1=1.5 BEN (BONUS 50%)

November 29, 5:59 pm (gmt+3) – December 6, 5:59 pm (gmt+3)

1–5000 BEN $1 = 1.2 BEN (BONUS 20%)

5001–50000 BEN $1 = 1.25 BEN (BONUS 25%)

50001–100000 BEN $1 = 1.30 BEN (BONUS 30%)

100001+ BEN $1 = 1.35 BEN (BONUS 35%)

December 6, 6 pm (gmt+3) – December 13, 5:59 pm (gmt+3)

 1–5000 BEN $1 = 1.1 BEN (BONUS 10%)

 5001–50000 BEN $1 = 1.15 BEN (BONUS 15%)

 50001-100000 BEN $1 = 1.2 BEN (BONUS 20%)

 100001+ BEN $1 = 1.25 BEN (BONUS 25%)

December 13, 5:59 pm (gmt+3) – December 20, 5:59 pm (gmt+3)

  1–5000 BEN $1 = 1.05 BEN (BONUS 5%)

 5001–50000 BEN $1 = 1.1 BEN (BONUS 10%)

 50001–100000 BEN $1 = 1.15 BEN (BONUS 15%)

 100001+ BEN $1 = 1.20 BEN (BONUS 20%)

December 20, 5:59 pm (gmt+3) – December 26, 5:59 pm (gmt+3)

1–50000 BEN $1 = 1 BEN

50001–100000 BEN $1 = 1.05 BEN (BONUS 5%)

100001+ BEN $1 = 1.1 BEN (BONUS 10%)

After the completion of Token sale BitCoen makes a listing on the global crypto-



exchanges, and the value of BitCoen is regulated by a free open market. Which 

allows  buying them, accessing all products and services of the platform and  

selling them to the ecosystem participants interested in obtaining this access. 

For the BitCoen project placement on the exchange is one of the marketing 

tools that allow to expand the audience of the project.

7.5 Payment methods

Payments for BitCoen can be made using crypto-currencies BTC and ETH and 

other cryptocurrencies.

Взнос основными криптовалютами

Step 0.

Download the BitCoen wallet app and create your own wallet.

Step 1. 

Go to the website http://bitcoen.io, enter your wallet number and log in.

Step 2. 

Select the number of BitCoen and Crypto currency for the payment. After this, 

the system generates the wallet address for the buyer (BTC, ETH), to which the 

buyer should make a payment from his/her personal wallet (BTC, ETH). You 

cannot directly send funds from exchangers, because the system is not able to 

identify you correctly. BENs are charged to the account of the buyer.

Fiat money-payment with bank transfer

You can get the account details for payment in your personal account, as well as 

all the necessary data for identification.

7.6  Distribution of funds received
as a result of Token Sale.
The products created within BitCoen bring revenue to BitCoen company. Funds 

are used to pay for labor and further development of the ecosystem.

The project team does not have the right to spend funds, received during the 

Token Sale before actually transferring the tokens to the recipients.

м





8. Marketing activity
The priority marketing task of the BitCoen team is to ensure the popularity 

and fame for the blockchain project and BitCoen-token. The experience of the 

BitCoen command allows us this to do.

For more than 15 years, the BitCoen team has been developing mobile 

applications, the mobile payment systems and their implementing to the market.

Art Bureau studio Creators.ru (top 20 studios in Russia) the clients are Akado, 

Gazprom, FLY Segway

Life-pay.ru service is the leader of the Russian hardware and software market of 

acquiring. With 23,5 thousand customer companies for the first three years, it is 

at the peak (2.5 billion turnover).

PayQR company allows paying for goods and services without cash, using 

QR code. In 2016, PayQR received 300 million rubles of investments from 

the president and co-owner of the «Incom» development company, Sergei 

Kozlovsky. The total amount of financing exceeds $6 mln

For 15 years of work, our team has created more than 30 businesses with a total 

amount of investments in 2 billion rubles.

The BitCoen team was the first to use the technologies of classic PR to support 

its blockchain project. The articles in the leading media and television. The 

stories tell the business community and ordinary users about the benefits 

participation in the BitCoen project.

According to the National Agency for Financial Research (NAFI). About 28% 

of the respondents have some information about crypto-currency, 16% of 

respondents “have heard something”, and 12% know much about it. And only not 

more 1% of Russians used crypto-currency.

The task of the BitCoen PR campaign in Russia is to tell about the project not 

only to 1% of crypto-currency uses but also to that part of the audience, which is 

only interested in products based on blockchain technology.

PR-campaign of BitCoen in the world implies the increasing of BitCoen brand 

recognition and increasing confidence in it and the use of the BitCoen-token 

throughout the offline-world.



Even before the start of Token Sale, BitCoen project managed to attract its 

ambassadors, the people, who are ready to broadcast the values of the project.

Alexander Moiseyevich Boroda – the President of the Federation of Jewish 

Communities of Russia, the founder of the Jewish Museum and the Center of 

Tolerance. Member of the Public Chamber of the Russian Federation.

Moti Crystal – the Professor of Skolkovo business school, the founder and the 

president of Nest Consulting company. Crystal is a professional negotiator. 

From 1994 to 2001 he worked for the Israel Prime Minister and participated 

in the settlement of relations with Palestine. Crystal developed a Negosystem 

negotiation system model.

The launch of the BitCoen project requires the use of contextual and targeted 

advertising.

BitCoen is the first blockchain-project on the market, the advertising of which is 

targeted not only to the business community, but also to ordinary users who are 

only interested in crypto-economics. Bounty campaign will support the project 

in different communities and on different sites (from profile sites for crypto-

exchange players to popular video blog channels) Link to Bounty campaign.

Within the framework of marketing activity, training video programs on the 

use and possibilities of BitCoen will be implemented, both for individuals and 

for businesses. One of the important marketing activities is the appearance of 

the BitCoen token on exchanges, which is a separate large-scale channel for 

obtaining new token-holders, which in turn will be users of the system, thereby 

increasing its overall attractiveness.

Token sale period has active, but advertising potential of low capacity due to 

limited time. Listing on the exchange allows you to constantly maintain the 

interest of existing users and attract the attention of new users. Thus, even 

without using classical advertising tools, a persistent and long-lasting advertising 

effect is generated.



9. People in the project

9.1  Project team  

President, David Dyshko

Work coordination with the community.

The main activity is the attraction of investments into private projects. For the 

last few years, he was engaged in development projects.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-dyshko-b49307149/

CEO of the project, Vyacheslav Semenchuk

Serial entrepreneur. Founder of start-ups. Specialist No. 1 on launching and 

optimization of businesses and creation of “brand-people” in Russia and in the 

CIS countries. The author of his own methodology for testing the business idea – 

«Project validation»

http://linkedin.com/in/viacheslav

CBDO Alexander Viktorov

Project development, communications

Director of Development in Zion1.ru, Entrepreneur. https://www.linkedin.com/in/

aleksander-viktorov-07897714a/

Karolina Matusso

Head of Marketing&Communications

Marketing specialist in B2B and B2C. More than 3 years of managing marketing 

projects in companies from Fortune 500 list.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/karolina-matusso-73a9945b/

Dmitry Gorozhankin

Commercial Director

Commercial Director of the European Medical Center. More than 10 years of 

experience in sales management.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitriy-gorozhankin-94657222/

Andrey Kareev

GR

The owner of the “Intertorg” company

Julia Zhuravleva

Legal support,



The consultant of the legal company «Lemchik, Krupsky and Partners. Structural 

and tax consulting.» Julia is a specialist in structuring and tax planning of the 

international business.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/yulia-zhuravleva-34b50695/

Alexander Ovcharenko

Creating an affiliate network https://www.linkedin.com/in/lexander-

chacharenko-99573785/

 

Mila Kretova

Editor-consultant

https://www.linkedin.com/in/mila-kretova-5a39b114/

Rostislav Chizh

Product Director

Digital Producer, with the experience of restarting various cross-sectoral products 

(online and offline).

Mikhail Terentyev

Email marketing expert

Alexey Savchenko

The founder of the Hawk Style Design web-studio. Since 2010, he has been 

engaged in the development of sites, as well as complex packaging of businesses.

More than 260 sites have been developed over 7 years, including such clients 

as Lego, Amway, 3M and others. He has created more than 400 groups in social 

networks Vkontakte and Facebook, as well as more than 15 presentations for 

companies.

Alexey Martynenko

Project manager with 15 years of experience:

Web, Mobile, ERP, CRM. The founder of the studio Aplica - the development of 

mobile applications. Alexey graduated LaunchGurus and Akselerator.ru startup 

academies.

http://en.linkedin.com/in/aleksmart

 

Igor Terekhov

Product manager focused on the development of mobile applications. There are 

dozens of projects for the largest brands and startups and his own awarded projects 

in his portfolio: Red Dot, Creativity Awards, as well as publications in The Next Web, 

Adweek, A.V.Club, Forbes.



9.2  Project auditors

Petroff audit company (info on the company)

9.3  Technical audit

BitCoen company passed technical security expertise in accordance with 
international standards and industry requirements. 

Ivan Piskunov. IT security independent expert and practitioner, CCNA, CEH 
certificate holder, member of the Russian Information Systems Security 
Professional Association (Moscow),  RISC professional community and Skolkovo 
Cybersecurity Foundations, author and teacher of  IT security courses, co-
founder and CTO of consulting agency Asirus. 

9.4  Project advisers

“Lemchik, Krupsky and Partners. Structural and tax consulting“ legal law 
practice. Among the clients of this company are such organizations as PIXONIC, 
TOMMY HILFIGER, Sportmaster, TV3 TV channel and many others.
Alexander Lemchik is a managing partner of “Lemchik, Krupsky and Partners. 
Structural and tax consulting“ legal law practice. He is one of the best tax 
consultants in Russia according to the rating of Kommersant, has over 15 years 
of experience in business structuring.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/leader-leather-83583337/

Moty Crystal (Moty Cristal). The Professor of Practice in Negotiation.

Moscow Skolkovo Management School. Founder and President of NEST Consulting. 
In 1994-2001 he worked in the Israeli administration, took part in the negotiations 
between Israel and Jordan. Since 2001, NEST Consulting has been consulting and 
training top-managers, CEOs of large companies and government members from 
Europe and Asia, as well as from the US and Russia.

Teaches at the SKOLKOVO Business School, Tel Aviv University and Lauder school 
of government diplomacy and strategy at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya. He 
was a research fellow at the International Institute for Countering Terrorism in Herzliya 
and a visiting fellow of the leading international negotiation programs, including the 
International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis International Program

(Austria, 2001-2008), the Harvard University Program (2007) and at the Institute of 

Defense and Strategic Sciences (Singapore, 2004).

https://www.linkedin.com/in/moty-cristal-6460822/



Ilya Flux

CEO & Founder of the Fibrum company engaged in the development of software 

and hardware solutions in the mobile virtual reality market.

Previously he held management positions in such technology companies as 

Fibrain Project (Owner) Fidmark (General Manager) Levers of Your Freedom (IT 

Director) Evolution (IT Director) IMMO Games (General Manager) https://www.

linkedin.com/in/flaksilia /

Naila Zamashkina

Development Director of the First Interbank Accelerator Fintech Lab RAEC, 

Member of the Working Group on Optimizing Tariffs for Internet Acquiring, the 

Expert of the Commission for E-commerce Leading expert of the EB IDI (Expert 

Board of the Internet Development Institute), E-commerce ecosystem https://

www.linkedin.com/in/nailyazamashkina/

Ilya Aizen

CEO, Co-Founder of “Flocktory” Cohen

Dmitry Marinichev

Internet-Ombudsman, the member of the Expert Council of the Association of 

Strategic Initiatives, the member of the Business Russia Council. Founder of 

Russian mining coin (rmc one), the President of Radius group.

Thomas Casas and Klett

Rector advisor in Academic Affairs, Moscow Skolkovo School of Management

Thomas Kasas specializes in three areas: finance, international management 

and political science. Since 2006, Thomas Kasas has worked as a teacher at the 

University of St. Gallen and as a partner with the Institute for Leadership and 

Personnel Management at the University. The main directions of his teaching 

activity are entrepreneurship and corporate governance. Dr Casas developed the 

«Principles of doing business in Asia» course, in which special attention is paid 

to Japan, India and China. In addition to the activities at the University of St. 

Gallen, Thomas Casas regularly works with MBA students, EMBA, as well as with 

leaders of such world-famous educational institutions as the Rothman School 

of Management at the University of Toronto, McDonough School of Business at 

Georgetown University and INSEAD. Since 2009, he has been a regular teacher 

of various programs at the School of Management at Fudan University.

Sergey Chernyavsky

The Vice Chairman of the Central Government Committee of Bavaria CSU 

on Migration and Integration, the First Secretary of the Regional Committee 



for Migration and Integration, Augsburg Member of the Board of the region 

committees on external security and health policy

Andrey Nedobylskii

Co-founder and CTO of the blockchain platform izzz.io

More than 10 years in full stack program development and highly-loaded 

solutions in the field of IoT,  ERP- and CRM-systems for international companies 

and team-leading in technical development for  large companies (e.g. Kvib.

rf, Artskills.ru, nettech.company, RuKupon.rf, UnMoment, Auctionmachine.rf,, 

fitness-port.ru, justbefit.ru and others). 

Development consultant of blockchain platforms: baikalika.io, sbsplatform.io. Co-

author of patents: Device for conjunctival microscopy, Program for the diagnosis 

of eye pathology, Program for the analysis of the microcirculatory channel of the 

conjunctiva of the lateral corner of the eyeball.

Angelika Sheshunova

Co-founder and COO of the blockchain platform izzz.io

Co-founder at several blockchain projects and the business akselerator 

Akselerator.ru. Консультант по внедрению блокчейн-технологий и развитию 

бизнеса в baikalika.io и sbsplatform.io. 15 лет операционного управления ком-

паниями различных отраслей (crocus-exspo.ru, ostrovok.ru, Life-pay.ru, flatora. 

ru, flat.me, topexpert.pro, artskills.ru, justbefit.ru, enki.com). Соавтор патента: 

децентрализованное хранение данных на базе блокчейн-технологий

10. Legal notice
The User acknowledges, understands and agrees that BitCoen tokens are not 

capital issues and are not registered with any government agency as security, 

and should not be treated as such.

BitCoen tokens ownership does not imply a right to participate in the 

management of BitCoen projects. BitCoen tokens  ownership does not provide 

a stake in BitCoen and any projects operating within the Fund. The transfer of 

funds in favor of the project is charitable and aimed at creating an ecosystem of 

projects. This document is not a public offer and is purely informative.

http://Bitcoen.io

The User acknowledges  to comply with the rules concerning anti-money 

laundering and terrorism financing, and is aware of necessity to undergo a 

procedure of identification –KYC in case of transfer BitCoen tokens on the 

crypto exchange or to the third party. 



11.  Risk factors
The investment, acquisition, donation or other transfer of funds into electronic 

instruments, such as the development of Internet projects, crypto-currencies, 

including the BitCoen token, is associated with risks, including but not limited to 

the following.

Regulatory uncertainty

Blockchain technologies are controlled by various regulatory bodies around 

the world. Any crypto-currency, tokens and tokens BitCoen token can also be 

regulated by them, which makes it possible to restrict the use or possession of 

digital crypto-tools, or the purchase of crypto-tools in future.

BitCoen tokens is not an investment and does not involve passive income. 

BENs do not have any rights, scopes, goals, attributes, functionality or features. 

All persons and parties involved in the purchase of BitCoen tokens  do it at 

their own risk. All persons, receiving loyalty points understand that their use is 

possible only within the framework of the created ecosystem.

Since the crypto-currency market, the market of crypto-tools, tokens or bonuses, 

exchanges and platforms on which secondary tokens can be traded are not 

regulated by applicable law, the volatility of the crypto-currency, tools, bonuses 

or tokens in general and BitCoen, in particular, can be very significant.

Transactions with crypto-currencies, transactions with bonuses, tokens and other 

electronic instruments are not insured by any external public or private bodies. 

All the risks associated with the loss of crypto-currency, tokens, points, including 

BitCoen tokens, are borne by the acquirer of the crypto-currency.

BEN is not refundable. The company does not repurchase BitCoen tokens from 

BitCoen holders. Holders of BitCoentokens will not receive financial means 

or other compensation in the form of compensation. The company makes no 

promises regarding the future performance or value of BitCoen tokens  and does 

not affect future indicators.

Risks related to Internet technologies

Since BitCoen activities are tightly linked to the global Internet, any of its failures 

are a risk of incorrect operation of BitCoen applications and platforms.

BitCoen is released on the basis of the blockchain-platform  – izzz.io. Any fault or 

malfunctioning of the izzz.io  code may cause the BitCoen network to function in 

an unexpected manner.



Risk of loss of private keys

BitCoen tokens can be stored by the buyer in his/her digital wallet, and a digital 

key or a combination of digital keys in is required for getting access to it. Losing 

these required keys will result in the loss of access to the buyer’s wallet and all 

funds stored in this wallet. The risk of losing the key remains exclusively on its 

owner, BitCoen does not bear any responsibility for the loss of digital keys.



12.  Terms and definitions
Crypto-currency is a decentralized virtual currency. It is not pegged to any 

state. It is cryptographically protected and decentralized, the information about 

transactions in it are entered and stored in Blockchain. BitCoen token for the 

purposes of this project is understood as points, distributed within the project 

participants, as a reward for financial or administrative contributions to the 

development of the system and project. It is intended only for the provision and 

use of registered project participants.

Blockchain is a continuous sequential chain of blocks containing information; A 

system that fixes all the agreements between its participants.

Smart contract is a computer algorithm developed to conclude and maintain 

agreements within the framework of a blockchain.

Token Sales is a primary token offerings to users.

BitCoen (BEN) - in this case, it is one (point) of the BitCoen token.

BitCoen Holder is the owner (holder) of BENs.

Bounty is a part of marketing costs; this is the cost of supporting the project in 

social networks, attracting the ambassadors, etc.



13.  Registration of users
To ensure additional security for users of the BitCoen ecosystem, each project 

participant has to be registered

Last name First name 

Age

Country of residence

Mobile phone number 




