














































bm_whitepaper


WHITEPAPER

ver. 1.21
March 28, 2018



Executive summary 3

Vision 4

Value proposition 5

Advantages for the investors 6

Market overview 7

Our History 11

The Blackmoon Platform 13

Technology 19

Blackmoon Tools / Interfaces 21

Leadership team 22

Advisors 24

Our partners 25

Executive summary 3

Vision 4

Value proposition 5

Advantages for the investors 6

Market overview 7

Our History 11

The Blackmoon Platform 13

Technology 19

Blackmoon Tools / Interfaces 21

Leadership team 22

Advisors 24

Our partners 25

TABLE OF CONTENTS



PAGE 3 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 

Blackmoon  is part of the Blackmoon Financial Group, a financial technology company founded in 
2014. The Blackmoon team has extensive experience in setting up and managing investment 
funds, as well as developing automated investment interfaces and asset management tools while 
effectively working with regulatory authorities.

Blackmoon’s vision is to create a new standard for tokenized investment vehicles that will bridge 
the gap between the fiat* and crypto universes. The Blackmoon  Platform focuses on all aspects 
of tokenized investment vehicles, from technology and infrastructure, to legal compliance and 
corporate structuring. The Blackmoon Platform will be the one-stop  solution for asset managers 
to create and manage tokenized funds.

This white paper outlines the value proposition of the Blackmoon Platform and the company’s 
business model.

* Fiat money is a currency established as money by government regulation or law. 
USD, EUR, CNY and other similar currencies are fiat currencies.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fiat_money

BLACKMOON



PAGE 4 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: VISION

VISION

Blackmoon  is part of the Blackmoon Financial Group, a financial technology company 
incorporated in Ireland with a solid track record since 2014. We bring investment transparency, 
globalization, and decentralization to the next level by implementing blockchain technology -- all 
with a commitment to sustainable continuous development in cooperation with financial 
regulators.

We combine our ready-to-use technologies with our deep expertise in structuring investment 
funds both internally and through our partnerships with external investment teams. Working 
closely with the best investment managers, lawyers, and financial authorities, we are creating a 
solid bridge between the blockchain universe and the classic investment world by providing a 
transparent and legally compliant framework for tokenized fund structuring and operation. 

We are helping to expand the boundaries of investment possibilities and to encourage regulators 
to recognize blockchain tools as the new reality in classic financial markets. Ultimately, 
Blackmoon  aims to set the benchmark for tokenized investment funds and vehicles that invest in 
traditional investment instruments as well as in emerging distributed economy opportunities.

BLACKMOON



PAGE 5 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: VALUE PROPOSITION

VALUE PROPOSITION

Blackmoon addresses the main issues of the current tokenized investment vehicles, such as: lack 
of diversification, non-compliance with existing and foreseen regulation, and lack of 
standardization. Our goal is to become the industry standard and one-stop solution in setting up 
tokenized funds, regardless of whether such funds invest in the fiat or crypto world. Blackmoon  
bridges the gap between these two worlds while taking advantage of both.

KEY VALUE PROPOSITIONS

Best of both worlds

Currently the majority of tokenized investment 
vehicles are either fully crypto-oriented 
(invested in cryptocurrencies) or pegged to 
some tradable asset (such as the US dollar or 
gold). Each of these approaches is siloed, 
hindering diversification. Access to fiat 
investment opportunities provides 
unprecedented diversification in terms of 
income sources while retaining all the 
benefits of the crypto universe, including 
decentralization, transparency, and 
exchangeability. 

Standardized platform

Setting up the proper investment structure is 
a costly endeavour. Not all tokenized funds set 
up a proper structure, which leads to greater 
regulatory risk. Blackmoon  believes that now 
is the right time to introduce industry 
standards for setting up tokenized investment 
vehicles that can attract investments from 
private individuals and institutional investors 
of any kind. We undertake this effort in order 
to reduce or remove regulatory risk from 
investors.

Transparency

Tokenization of interests in funds (share in 
profits) provides auditability and transparency 
to the investment process as well as to the 
results. This transparency means the 
investment funds are no longer “black boxes” 
for the investors, with reporting full of fine 
print. This much-needed transparency will 
substantially improve accountability of the 
investment managers.

Sustainability

Funds’ legal structure is  reviewed and approved 
by our legal advisors to ensure they are compliant 
with existing laws and regulations. As many 
current investors in tokenized funds are at best in 
Terra Incognita, this eye toward legal 
responsibility dramatically decreases legal risks 
for the investors. Blackmoon  has vetted the 
proposed structure with several financial 
institutions and has received an indicative 
approval that it will pass internal procedures, 
enabling funds to be transferred from and into the 
crypto world. By sorting out these risks from the 
beginning, Blackmoon improves investor 
confidence and provide necessary sustainability of 
the investment process.

Scalable fund creation

Using the system put in place by Blackmoon, the 
Blackmoon Platform, any approved investment 
manager  is able to set up and run a tokenized 
investment fund without having to go through the 
pain and effort of creating the necessary IT and 
legal infrastructure. This  effectively eliminates 
the barriers for tokenized fund creation, which is  
an important milestone toward bringing the fiat 
and crypto economies into the same realm.

Bringing in new liquidity and users

We believe that the Blackmoon Platform is a 
turnkey solution that  leads to further 
proliferation of the decentralized economy. 
Investment managers from the fiat world are now 
able to easily create compliant tokenized 
investment funds and offer their existing 
customers all the benefits of the blockchain that 
has been a buzzword among investment 
managers for several years.

BLACKMOON



PAGE 6 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: ADVANTAGES FOR THE INVESTORS

ADVANTAGES FOR INVESTORS

Tokenized investment funds on the Blackmoon 
Platform provide any type of investor with 
important advantages over existing investment 
opportunities.

ADVANTAGES FOR
CRYPTO INVESTORS

• New opportunities to access assets from 
the fiat world, without leaving the 
crypto universe.

• Unparalleled diversification 
opportunities, thanks to low correlation 
between fiat and crypto assets.

• Access to a wider range of investment 
opportunities with a lower risk profile 
to complement and balance existing 
speculative exposures.

ADVANTAGES FOR
FIAT INVESTORS

• Higher net return, thanks to the 
cost-efficient structure of tokenized 
funds. (For comparison, the setup cost of 
a structured note is at USD 50,000 to 
100,000 plus 2% - 5% of the invested 
assets, which is a substantial drag on 
the net result to investors.)

• Access to new classes of assets thanks 
to lower barriers for funds set up and 
administration on the Blackmoon 
Platform.

• Exchangeability and anonymity as the 
inherent features of the tokenized 
assets. (KYC process is still required 
upon deposit and withdrawal of fiat 
currencies.)

BLACKMOON



PAGE 7 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: MARKET OVERVIEW

MARKET OVERVIEW

Blockchain has been a buzzword in the financial sector since 2009. It has sparked substantial  
interest in the industry through its advantages of a distributed ledger, value transfer, and 
resilience to counterfeiting. 

The creation of Ethereum (ETH) introduced smart contracts to a wide range of business users. 
Application of these smart contracts leads to increasing decentralization and democratization of 
contractual relationships, effectively leaving no place for interpretation of the fine print in the 
agreements and introducing dramatic cost advantages. This has resulted in the proliferation of 
various tokenized investment vehicles, from which we can single out three main types: currency 
trading, venture capital funds, and tokens pegged to assets (such as gold, the US dollar, etc.). 

New entrants to the financial technology market aim to disrupt the highly concentrated and 
over-regulated financial industry. In this environment incumbents are taking steps to keep up 
with the pace of technology and with customers' demands. For example, in mid-2017 it was 
unveiled* that Barclays had been in discussion with the British financial regulator Financial 
Conduct Authority (FCA) about bringing cryptocurrencies into play. 

Regulators themselves are also moving to embrace blockchain and cryptocurrencies. For example, 
Bitcoin** is accepted in Japan, and Swiss tax authorities confirmed*** Bitcoin VAT-free status. Still, 
there is much that needs to be done to make the tokenization of these investment vehicles a 
seamless, transparent, and regulatory-compliant process.

Blackmoon is the company to bridge the existing gap. Tokenized investment funds are the future 
of the financial industry, offering compelling advantages such as transparency, tradability, and 
cost efficiency.

To compare Blackmoon positioning in the existing ecosystem, we plotted some of the most 
notable companies on two axes, as shown in the chart in Figure 1 below.

* https://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/26/barclays-bitcoin-regulators-fca.html

** https://www.coindesk.com/japan-bitcoin-law-effect-tomorrow/

*** https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/swiss-tax-authorities-confirm-bitcoin-vat-free-switzerland-1434140401/

BLACKMOON



TRADED
FUNDS

DIVERSIFICATION

SPECIALIZED PLAYERS MARKET MOVERS

SCALERS BROADENERS

The Token Fund

Satoshi Fund Compcoin

FinShi Capital
Bitcoin Growth Fund

NuBits

Tether

BitUSD

Digix Gold Onegram

Zengold

Blockchain
Capital

ICONOMI

Melonport

PEGGED
CRYPTOCURRENCIES

VENTURE CAPITAL

ACCESS TO
FUND PROVIDERS

IMPACTIMPACT

PAGE 8 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: MARKET OVERVIEW

FIGURE 1
Blackmoon positioning in the existing ecosystem

The vertical axis ranks the impact on the industry, measured as a magnitude of market size 
change or other influence on the blockchain universe. The horizontal axis measures the 
diversification introduced to the crypto world. The more investment options are offered, the more 
diversity is brought to the ecosystem. New currencies traded, new companies created, and new 
asset classes used as a source of income increase the diversity of the crypto world and thus 
efficiency. 

Along these axes, the quadrants move from the low-impact, low-diversity Scalers, to the 
high-impact, high-diversity Market movers.

THIS CHART SHOWS THAT BLACKMOON PROVIDES INDUSTRY IMPACT WHILE DELIVERING THE 
GREATEST DIVERSITY OF INVESTMENT OPTIONS

Specialized players
contribute to the overall development of 
the crypto ecosystem but tend to offer 
only one option to the users.

Scalers
exploit existing approaches within 
already available options inside the 
crypto ecosystem.

Market movers
combine high impact to crypto ecosystem 
development with diversified options to 
the users.

Broadeners
use existing solutions to offer a broad 
range of opportunities to users.

BLACKMOON



PAGE 9 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: MARKET OVERVIEW

Access to fiat funds

Access to crypto funds

Fund diversity

Distribution of fund management 
income to the token-holders

Focus on compliance

Team experience in launching and 
managing funds

Reserves for tokens buyout

BLACKMOON

* ICONOMI introduced token repurchases in 2Q 2017. Still, there is no rule how much money will be allocated each 
quarter to this program. Thus there is no certainty of cash flows as opposed to Blackmoon  tokens held by Continuous 
Contributors (as defined further).

** It is stated that “ICONOMIs management will be provided by an EU legislation compliant and regulated service 
operator.”Still it is not clear whether the investment vehicles themselves will be legally compliant or whether the 
company has such a goal, as opposed to Blackmoon’s mission to create a fully legally-compliant tokenized funds 
ecosystem.

*** Melonport’s CEO has extensive experience in financial institutions and funds. However  Blackmoon’s  team has the 
advantage of having set up from scratch and successfully running venture capital and alternative fixed-income funds.

Next, we compared the features of Blackmoon  with other providers of access to the investment 
vehicles, revealing that the approach planned with Blackmoon  will consistently provide the best 
advantages to its investors

*

**

***

BLACKMOON



Blackmoon is  positioned to become the industry standard for seamless fund tokenization and 
management by leveraging existing expertise and technology advances.

INCREASING DIVERSIFICATION  
IMPROVES MARKET STABILITY AND 
ENHANCES THE FINANCIAL 
TECHNOLOGY WORLD, WHILE THE 
COMBINATION OF CRYPTO WORLD 
RESOURCES WITH FIAT WORLD 
OPPORTUNITIES INCREASES MARKET 
EFFICIENCY

PAGE 10 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: MARKET OVERVIEW

BLACKMOON



PAGE 11 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: OUR HISTORY

OUR HISTORY

Blackmoon Financial Group is a financial technology and investment management company 
incorporated in Ireland that has been operational since August 2014, having its roots in venture 
capital investments in financial technology since 2012.

The company is lead by Oleg Seydak*, entrepreneur, financial technology investor, founder of 
Blackmoon Financial Group,  former co-founding partner of Flint Capital; and Ilya Perekopsky**, 
entrepreneur and IT angel-investor, and former vice president and chief commercial officer of 
VK.com. Following is a timeline of the company’s history, from the initial vision in 2014 to the 
new opportunities of today. (See the Leadership Team section later in this document for more 
details.)

2014  VISION

Oleg Seydak has a talent for identifying 
opportunities for automation among lenders. 
Through Flint Capital, the venture capital firm 
that he co-founded, Oleg participated in the 
pre-IPO buy-out investment of LendingClub and 
the buyout of Prosper, as well as in investments 
in a set of alternative lenders in Europe.

Oleg and his friend Ilya Perekopsky, then vice 
president at VK.com, teamed up to found and 
make initial investments in Blackmoon Financial 
Group.

Blackmoon’s first alternative debt fund was 
incorporated to make fixed-income investments 
in August 2014.

Company profiles

Flint Capital is an international venture capital fund 
investing across the US, Israel, and Europe. The fund 
was founded by Oleg Seydak and Dmitry Smirnov, 
former managing director and former CEO of the 
FINAM Global Investment Fund, respectively. 

VK.com is the largest European online social media 
and social networking service and is ranked 17 (as of 
June 2017) in Alexa's global Top 500 Sites.

Lending Club operates an online lending platform that 
enables borrowers to obtain a loan, and investors to 
purchase notes backed by payments made on loans. 
Lending Club is the world's largest peer-to-peer 
lending platform.

Prosper Marketplace, America's first peer-to-peer 
lending marketplace, enables borrowers to obtain a 
loan and investors to purchase notes backed by 
payments made on loans.

2015  DEVELOPMENT

Work began on technical development of the automation and machine learning algorithms to 
process and assess loans issued by alternative lenders in the fiat world.

Blackmoon’s automated platform for institutional-class investment in alternative lenders was 
created in May 2015 and testing began.

The Blackmoon Lending Marketplace platform was launched and the first loan was processed in 
June 2015.

By the end of 2015, Blackmoon had ten full-time employees, four originators, and nine investors 
on the platform among three different European countries and had processed $3M in loans after 
just six months in production.

* https://www.linkedin.com/in/olegseydak/

** https://www.linkedin.com/in/iliaperekopsky/

BLACKMOON



2016  PROOF OF CONCEPT

The Blackmoon Lending Marketplace platform continued to grow in Europe. We expanded our 
team to 16 full-time employees, and ended the year with eight originators among seven different 
European countries, 17 investors on the platform, and $40M in aggregate loan value processed.

We made our US debut with demos and a company presentation at LendIt 2016 in San Francisco. 

JAN — JUNE 2017  GROWTH

The Blackmoon Lending Marketplace platform processed its first US-based loans as a proof of 
concept in the US-based market, entered the Spanish market, and reached $13M in monthly 
volumes.

Version 2.0 of the Blackmoon Lending Marketplace platform was unveiled at LendIt 2017 in New 
York.

Discussions with other technology and service providers in the US solidified Blackmoon Lending 
Marketplace platform’s unique competitive positioning of deal automation, third-party monitoring 
and verification, and transparency.

Based on market intelligence development began on an originator-facing interface.

JULY 2017 — TODAY  NEW OPPORTUNITY

Blackmoon Financial Group identified an opportunity to leverage internal expertise in setting up 
investment products for institutional investors and managing dedicated investment funds. Work 
began on creating the first tokenized asset management platform, Blackmoon Platform, to set up 
and operate tokenized investment funds with a wide range of investment mandates.

 



PAGE 13 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: THE BLACKMOON PLATFORM

THE BLACKMOON PLATFORM

The Blackmoon Platform is a set of technologies, techniques, interfaces, know-how, legal frame-
works, and partnerships with banks and other licensed players in the financial market. The 
resulting platform allows investment advisors to structure, promote, and maintain tokenized 
investment funds for their clients.

Fund 1 (IF1)
LLP

Management Company (MC)

HOLDING COMPANY (HC)

Investment Advisors (IA)

F1 Tokenizer
LTD

F2 Tokenizer
LTD

FN Tokenizer
LTD

Fund 2 (IF2)
LLP

Fund N (IFN)
LLP

Asset 2
Token

Asset N
Token

Asset 1
Token

Management Fee,
Performance Fee

General Partner

100%

Investment Management

Sole LP Sole LP

DistributionDistribution

Distribution of
proceeds among

Continuous
Contributors

Distribution of
proceeds among

Continuous
Contributors

Sole LP

Tokenization TokenizationTokenization

Creation fee,
Redemption fee

BMC

FIGURE 3
The structure of the Blackmoon Platform and the distribution of BMC tokens

BLACKMOON



PAGE 14 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: THE BLACKMOON PLATFORM

At the base of the structure is the holding company, owned by Blackmoon Financial Group, with a 
subsidiary management company to manage the funds. The holding company  develops all 
aspects of the Blackmoon Platform, as well as work on attracting and evaluating  investment 
advisors, who establish tokenized funds within the Blackmoon  Platform. These funds are 
investment vehicles, each of which is dedicated to executing a particular investment strategy 
under the management of its investment advisor. The management company, and by extension, 
the holding company, is responsible for compliance, licensing, partnering with banks, and working 
with legal advisors.

Holders of BMC tokens are  able to register as Continuous Contributors to the Platform via the 
Platform’s website. Continuous Contributors  are able to deposit BMCs in a depository wallet 
linked to their account. To register as a Continuous Contributor the holder of BMC tokens can 
choose the role that she/he is willing to execute as a contributor to the Platform. The list of 
available roles are publicly available on the blackmoonplatform.com website and are updated as 
needed to reflect the current needs of the Platform’s continuous development. One of the main 
roles will be that of an Investment Advisor. Other roles will be platform promoters, investment 
analysts, legal advisors, public auditors, GR advisors, etc. 

Each role  has a specific minimum and maximum amount of BMCs that can be deposited by a 
Continuous Contributor while executing such a role. The minimum limit will be mostly applicable 
to Investment Advisors (please refer to the “Contribution of Investment Advisors” section below). 
The majority of roles do not have a minimum deposit limit.

Continuous Contributors  have the right to participate in “members-only” discussions regarding 
the Platform strategy and development plan. At least once a year or as needed, the Platform will 
initiate a vote among the Continuous Contributors to gather opinions of the contributing 
community on strategic development matters. The results of such voting will not be binding but 
will be strongly considered by the operational management.

Continuous Contributors  from time to time confirm the execution of their roles on the platform 
to keep their status and depository wallets active. The process of the status confirmation will be 
specified for each role.

BLACKMOON



PAGE 15 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: THE BLACKMOON PLATFORM

It is important to note that Continuous Contributors will receive only proceeds from the funds 
they contribute to. Participants of the Continuous Contributor program do not need to wait for the 
company to reach breakeven to be awarded.  All Continuous Contributors regardless of their role 
will be awarded in BMC tokens. Participants of the Continuous Contributor program will have the 
option to convert accrued BMC tokens to ETH via Bancor Protocol account. . Roles of Continuous 
Contributors might differ from fund to fund, the roles available will be subject to the funds needs 
and each role will have its own life span (expiration date). Meaning that not all roles last for the 
same period of time. If in the case a certain role expires (i.e. fund completed their fundraising 
stage) redemption fees, explained in the section below might accrue for a long term thereafter to 
other active roles. For those roles which expire rewards will be accrued to the initially registered 
BMC account.

Important notice: If the participant does not redeem BMC tokens within half a year (6 months)  
the accrual of additional BMC tokens will be suspended and the unredeemed tokens will be 
repossessed by the platform.

IMPORTANT

Because of current regulatory uncertainty and before additional information is publicly released 
by the Platform on the matter, green card holders of the United States or citizens or residents (tax 
or otherwise) of the United States of America or Singapore, or other U.S. or Singapore Persons, are 
not eligible to register as Continuous Contributors therefore preventing transfer of their BMC 
tokens to a depository wallet to receive proceeds from them.  At such time, Blackmoon will 
evaluate the currently applicable legal framework and take all required steps to ensure 
compliance. 

Continuous Contributors who do not execute their roles or appear to violate the rules applicable 
for Continuous Contributors (i.e. appear to be a U.S. or Singapore Person) may have their status 
recalled, depository wallet closed, and their deposited BMCs will be transferred to the holder’s 
personal wallet without accruing any proceeds. 

BLACKMOON



PAGE 16 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: THE BLACKMOON PLATFORM

SOURCES OF PROCEEDS FOR 
CONTINUOUS CONTRIBUTORS

The Blackmoon Tokens, BMCs, provide proceeds 
to Continuous Contributors who deposited BMCs 
in depository wallets as follows:

Creation fee

0-10% from the amount of the issued 
asset tokens. On average 2.5%. This fee 
will be paid by investors of the fund 
directly. 

Redemption fee

All investors of a fund who choose to 
redeem their asset tokens will pay a fee 
for this type of operation. The fee of 
redemption will depend on the asset 
token redeemed. All redemption fees will 
be stated in the fund’s info-window and 
might be subject to change. 

Continuous Contributors can hold their BMC 
tokens in special depository wallets linked to 
their accounts to receive their share of proceeds 
in proportion to the amount of BMCs deposited 
by the Continuous Contributor to the total 
amount of deposited BMCs. Only BMCs held in 
such a manner receive the proceeds. This is to 
discourage transferring of the proceeds to 
exchanges, holders that do not contribute to the 
Platform in operational manner, or other 
unrelated parties. Tokens stored on exchanges or 
transferred to other wallets cannot receive 
proceeds. Owners can withdraw BMCs from the 
depository wallets and sell them to other parties 
at any time subject to applicable regulations in 
the jurisdictions of the purchaser and the seller

SOURCES OF INCOME FOR 
INVESTMENT ADVISORS

Investment advisors working with the Blackmoon  
Platform earn income as follows:

Management fee

The management fee  averages 2% per 
annum paid daily.

Performance (or success) fee

The performance fee is paid either 
monthly or quarterly or yearly or upon 
exit from investment based on the fund 
distribution policy, and  is on average 
20% from the fund’s performance. 
Calculation of the fund’s performance is 
audited and published on the Blackmoon 
Platform and cannot be different from the 
one that is used for income distribution 
among holders of the asset tokens.

BLACKMOON



PAGE 17 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: THE BLACKMOON PLATFORM

THE FUND STRUCTURE

The fund structure can differ from one case to another. While it will evolve as new data becomes 
available, it will be overseen by  reputable legal counsel and summaries of such reviews will be 
published.

Fully compliant with applicable laws, each investment fund is incorporated as a Limited 
Partnership or another form as is suitable for the specific case 

The fund tokenizer domiciled in the Cayman Islands or comparable jurisdiction is the only limited 
partner of the fund. This tokenizer performs distribution of the asset tokens to attract fiat and/or 
crypto-currencies, then the proceeds are transferred to the fund to provide capital for future 
investments. All fund transfers will be transparent and their tokens will be continuously tradable 
to provide investors with necessary liquidity, subject to any applicable legal restrictions in specific 
jurisdictions, such as the United States and Singapore. An example of this process is shown in 
Figure 4 below.

FIGURE 4
Example of the fiat / crypto investment fundraising process

Asset tokens

€, Ƀ

Ƀ / € € / Ƀ

Fund Tokenizer
LTD

Exchange

INVESTORS
Asset tokens Owners

Fund (F)
LLP ASSETS

Sole LP

€ / Ƀ

€ / Ƀ

Data on amount of tokens to be 
issued given exchange rate

CONTRIBUTION OF INVESTMENT ADVISORS

To be qualified as an investment advisor on the Blackmoon  Platform, an asset manager must (a) 
contribute to the company and (b) hold a specified number of BMC tokens in a depository account. 
The amounts of the contribution and deposit will be case specific, but generally vary from 10,000 
to 1,000,000 BMCs. This increases the level of partnership responsibility for the investment 
advisor on the Blackmoon  Platform and is the final step of the qualification process. Another 
benefit of this level of participation and partnership with the investment advisors is that it forms 
a foundation for future self-regulation of the system.

BLACKMOON



PAGE 18 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: THE BLACKMOON PLATFORM

EXAMPLE DISTRIBUTION OF THE FUNDS’ INCOME

Another important function of the Blackmoon Platform is the regular distribution of fund income 
to the asset token holders. This process is shown in Figure 5 below and is illustrated as follows:

25%
of the proceeds are reinvested to multiply the 
return to the investors via compound interest.

25%
of the proceeds are paid to the investment 
advisor in form of a performance fee.

50%
50% of the proceeds are distributed among the asset token holders via a buy-back process. In this 
way, distribution of income provides liquidity of the asset tokens. Bought-out tokens are burned 
so that income will continue to increase for the remaining asset tokens.

FIGURE 5
Example of the distribution of the fund’s income

€ Ƀ

Fund Tokenizer
LTD

Investment Advisor

25% performance fee

Exchange

INVESTORS
Asset tokens Owners

Fund (F)
LLP

Burn

€€€ Interest

€

25% of €€€ 
reinvestment

Buyout applications 
and Asset Tokens

Bought out tokens

The amount of Asset tokens is 
decreasing => income on one 
Asset tokens is increasing

€ / Ƀ = 50% of €€€

ASSETS

BLACKMOON



PAGE 19 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: TECHNOLOGY 

TECHNOLOGY 

The Blackmoon Platform applies blockchain technology to create, manage, and govern 
tokenized investment vehicles and the platform itself. The platform operates on 
Ethereum-based smart-contracts.  

OVERVIEW OF THE SMART CONTRACTS
Blackmoon  Platform technology has a two-level infrastructure: 

Tokens

• BMC tokens to receive income from 
Blackmoon Platform for those registered 
as Continuous Contributors and 
performing certain roles in Platform 
development. 

• Funds’ tokens that relate to the 
investment activities of the respective 
funds. 

Tools

• Asset Proxy 

• Exchange 

• Asset Interface

• Others 

This combination of tokens and tools allows the investment 
process to remain flexible to accommodate the wide diversity 
of the funds with various investment mandates and structures 
that are available on the Blackmoon Platform. 

BLACKMOON



PAGE 20 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: TECHNOLOGY 

BLACKMOON PLATFORM BASE CONTRACT

The Blackmoon Platform base contract covers base roles (Contract Owner, Team member, Advisor, Holder) 
and interfaces to Asset Proxies, Exchanges, BMC token and Asset Tokens.

The platform contract holds the deposit wallets’ logic based on Asset Proxies. Each Asset Proxy is an 
ECR20-compatible contract and implements an interface between the depository Platform Wallet with 
income, and external addresses such as exchanges or ETH wallets.

BMC TOKENS

BMC tokens are implemented as token-as-a-currency instruments and receive proceeds from the Blackmoon 
Platform by Continuous Contributors. BMC tokens are connected to the platform via the platform Asset and 
Asset Proxy interfaces.

ASSET TOKENS CONTRACT

The Asset Tokens contract is made up of specific contracts that govern the investment vehicle  structure, 
fees, and assets. It is implemented as a token-as-a-currency instrument and receives distributions from the 
corresponding fund’s capital appreciation. Each contract connects and interacts with the platform via the 
asset interface.

Roles
Contract Owner (BMC Owner), holder, advisor

Holder's fees

Structuring fee: once

Promotion fee: once

Maintenance fee: daily based on annual %%

Transaction fee: per each transaction based on 
the rule applicable to the asset token

Advisor's income

Management fee: daily based on annual %%

Performance/success fee: 
monthly/quarterly/yearly based on BMC 
Platform Asset Token related rule

PLATFORM EXCHANGES

Platform exchanges hold the exchange rates (BMC-ETH, for example) and provide holders with the ability to 
transfer their BMC tokens from the platform. Platform exchanges support major cryptocurrencies, such as 
BTC and ETH. Other types of tokens as well as compatibility with fiat currencies are contemplated.

BLACKMOON



PAGE 21 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: BLACKMOON TOOLS / INTERFACES

BLACKMOON TOOLS / INTERFACES

Blackmoon  offers two main interfaces, aimed toward two types of users. The Fund Issuer 
Administrative Tool is designed for investment advisors and asset managers; and the Token 
Holder’s Analytical Interface is designed for fund investors.

FUND ISSUER
ADMINISTRATIVE TOOL

This tool is the comprehensive fund management 
system that acts as a one-stop solution. It covers all 
the aspects of running the tokenized investment 
vehicle and provides the investment advisor or asset 
manager with access to the Blackmoon Platform IT 
and legal infrastructure. This system enables the 
investment manager to:

• Pick and order the legal structure of the fund, 
including the incorporation of the investment 
vehicle, opening up the bank account, and more.

• Determine the structure of the smart contract for 
the asset token, including income distribution and 
redemption methods.

• Perform the distribution of the asset tokens.

• Track and report investment results.

• Distribute income between the token holders.

• Upload necessary documents, reports, and other 
related data.

This tool allows investment advisors and asset 
managers to focus on managing the investment for the 
benefit of the token holders while Blackmoon takes 
care of all the rest.

OTHER PRODUCTS

The Fund Issuer Administrative Tool and the Token Holder’s Analytical Interface are only the tip of an iceberg 
visible to the users. Behind the scenes is all the development of the technology and smart contracts, API 
integrations with the financial institutions, clearing operations, reporting, and intensive work on the legal 
track. 

TOKEN HOLDER’S ANALYTICAL AND 
MANAGEMENT INTERFACE

The Blackmoon Investment Interface provides 
tools for investment portfolio structuring and 
management as well as a holistic view of the 
available investment opportunities and the fund’s 
historical and current investment performance. 
The interface allows the investor to:

• Analyse and pick investment opportunities from 
the list of options that are available on the 
Blackmoon Platform.

• Structure the investment portfolio and allocate 
capital to desired assets.

• Track the portfolio performance.

• Drill down to get the decomposition and verify 
the investment results.

• Submit tokens for redemption to participate in 
the distribution of the fund’s income.

• Download reports and export necessary 
analytical data.

This investment interface  is based on the 
institutional grade investment interfaces created by 
Blackmoon Financial Group.

BLACKMOON



PAGE 22 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: LEADERSHIP TEAM

OLEG SEYDAK
FOUNDER & CEO

Lead for all operations and key strategic decisions for the 
company

Co-founder of Flint Capital, a venture capital firm that 
pioneered alternative lending in Europe. Former Managing 
Director at FINAM Global venture fund

ILYA PEREKOPSKY
CO-FOUNDER

Key contributor in corporate partnerships, managing and 
promoting relationships with investors

Former VP and CCO of VK.com, the largest European social 
network

SERGEY VASIN
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER

Lead for managing cooperation with investment targets, finance 
personnel, and business development

Former Investment Director at Flint Capital with a focus on 
alternative lending investments. Holds CFA charter

MOSHE JOSHUA
CHIEF PRODUCT OFFICER

Responsible for all technology architecture, design and 
development and entire project lifecycle

Moshe Joshua has been providing innovative software 
solutions and tools for a host of novel and unconventional 
companies for over 20 years. Moshe has developed high 
frequency arbitrage systems to trade cross-border securities 
markets in the US, Brazil, India, Dubai, Singapore and Europe

LEADERSHIP TEAM

FELIPE LEMA VOROBEY
PR&MARKETING DIRECTOR

Leads the Company’s marketing and PR efforts

Former Senior Brand Marketing manager for Coca-Cola and 
Qiwi electronic payments. Former Head of Marketing 
Department at CarPrice.ru

BLACKMOON

ILYA REMIZOV
CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER

Lead for all IT development projects and personnel

CTO for 8 years at Nanosemantics, leading AI for speech 
recognition. Played an instrumental role in open-source 
development, specifically PHP4/5

ANDREY RETINSKIY
CHIEF DESIGN OFFICER

Leads visual design of company’s products and services, 
supervises design staff

Has 15+ years experience in product design. Creator of 
Blackmoon’s official imagery branding



BLACKMOON’S LEADERSHIP TEAM HAS A 

PROVEN TRACK RECORD IN 

ENTREPRENEURSHIP, FINANCIAL 

TECHNOLOGY, PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT, 

VENTURE CAPITAL, ASSET MANAGEMENT, 

CRYPTOCURRENCIES, AND LEGAL 

STRUCTURING

PAGE 23 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: LEADERSHIP TEAM

MOSCOW

LONDON

LIMASSOL

BLACKMOON



PAGE 24 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: ADVISORS

ADVISORS

OSKAR HARTMANN
Investor, serial entrepreneur. Member of Board of 
Directors of Alfa-Bank JSC, Largest Private Commercial 
Bank in Russia. Founder and President of KupiVip 
(Leading online Fashion Retailer of Luxury brands) and 
CarPrice - Second largest C2B online used car 
marketplace that in 2015 raised 40 Million USD in a 
series B funding round.

VASYL LATSANYCH
Vice President of Major Markets at Veon. Board member 
of Veon - Sixth largest mobile operator in the world, with 
over 235 million customers worldwide (serves 10% of 
the world’s population). Veon’s revenue in 2016 exceeded 
8.5 Billion USD. Veon capitalization to this day exceeds 
10 Billion USD. Former Vice President of Marketing and 
Board member of JSC Mobile TeleSystems - Largest 
mobile operator of Russia and CIS, European 
Communications CMO of the year 2016.

NICOLAS TRANTER
Founding director of Bibbsworth Ltd, a company 
providing advisory services to Institutional asset 
managers. Executive at Gordian Knot, an FCA regulated 
asset manager based in London. Nick has been focused 
on the asset management industry for over 25 years, 
covering many of the world’s largest asset managers, 
hedge funds, insurance companies and sovereign wealth 
funds. Nick started his career at JPMorgan, and has held 
senior roles as Managing Director in sales and coverage 
at Morgan Stanley, BNP Paribas and HSBC.

SEBASTIAN STUPURAC
Co-Founder of WINGS, a successful community engagement, social promotion and smart contract facilitation platform and 
one of the only working DAPPS on the Ethereum blockchain. Previously at Crypti, Sebastian is a big believer in 
cryptographic solutions and blockchain technology, in which he has been involved since 2013. Sebastian has vast 
experience in decentralized solutions, information systems, and management.

JOHN HYMAN
Partner at Ondra Partners, a leading corporate finance 
advisory boutique. John has 30 years experience in 
investment banking and asset management. John has 
spent the bulk of his career at Morgan Stanley, where he 
held a variety of senior roles, including Global Head of 
Capital Markets, and was a member of the firmwide 
management committee. He has also held senior roles 
as Head of Equities at Cheyne Capital, one of the 
Europe’s most prominent hedge funds, and was also 
Chairman and CEO of Renaissance Capital, a leading 
emerging market focused investment bank.

MOE LEVIN
CEO of Keynote, a global technology conference 
company which has been responsible for over $250MM 
of investments into cryptocurrency / blockchain startups. 
Co-Founded the first accredited Blockchain Academy. Sits 
on multiple government councils in the UAE, France, 
Netherlands, and Belgium, and works closely with 
regulators and banks promoting the use of bitcoin and 
blockchain technology. Board Member of Unsung, 
hacking homeless hunger. 

BLACKMOON

ARTEM TOLKACHEV
Artem is Head of Legal for Tech Group at Deloitte CIS, as 
well as Chairman of the Blockchain community in Russia.



OUR PARTNERS

Deloitte provides 
industry-leading audit, 
consulting, tax, and advisory 
services to many of the 
world's most admired 
brands, including 80 percent 
of the Fortune 500.

Target Global is an 
international VC firm with 
over $300 million in assets 
under management and 
offices in San Francisco, 
Berlin and Moscow. Target 
Global focuses primarily on 
fast-growing 
digital-enabled B2C and B2 
SMB companies in 
e-Commerce, finTech, travel, 
software and mobile.

Flint Capital is an 
international venture capital 
fund investing across US, 
Israel and Europe.

The fund is focused on 
Artificial 
Intelligence/Machine 
Learning, Enterprise 
Software, Cyber Security, 
Mobility (technologies for 
vehicles and transportation 
infrastructure), 
Networks/Marketplaces.

A&NN Investments is an 
investment holding with 
focus on Russian market, 
founded in 2002 to pursue 
friendly acquisitions of 
businesses with good 
fundamentals, growth 
perspectives and apparent 
exit opportunities. Today, 
after almost 15 years, A&NN 
Investments is an 
investment firm with more 
than $2.4 billion of assets 
under management and 50 
thousand people employed 
by companies comprising 
the fund's portfolio.

Group-IB is a global leader 
in preventing and 
investigating high-tech 
crimes and online fraud. The 
company has been 
operating since 2003, fusing 
its experience and threat 
intelligence into an 
eco-system of highly 
sophisticated software and 
hardware solutions to 
monitor, identify and 
prevent cyber threats. 
Group-IB products and 
services are used by global 
clients, including Fortune 
500 companies in the US, 
Western Europe, Middle 
East, Asia and Australia. 
Group-IB Threat Intelligence 
is highly ranked by Gartner, 
Forrester, and IDC.

Bancor protocol is a 
standard for a new 
generation of tokens on 
smart contract blockchains. 
"Smart Tokens" offer 
continuous liquidity and 
automatic price discovery 
through the world's first 
autonomous market makers. 
The Bancor platform and 
liquidity network will allow 
anyone to create, manage 
and trade Smart Tokens. The 
project's token generation 
event broke an industry 
record raising $153M in 
June 2017.

PAGE 25 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: OUR PARTNERS

BLACKMOON



PAGE 26 OF 27
WHITEPAPER: OUR PARTNERS

BLACKMOON

Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
is a premier law firm with 
market-leading practices, a 
global perspective and 
strong New York roots. The 
firm employs 650 lawyers in 
9 offices across three 
continents. Debevoise is 
among the leading law 
firms in the world. Nearly 
85% of their partners are 
recognized by Chambers, 
The Legal 500 or IFLR.

Harneys is a leading 
international offshore law 
firm who provides advice on 
British Virgin Islands, 
Cayman Islands, Cyprus, 
Bermuda and Anguilla law 
to a diverse international 
client base which includes 
the world’s top law firms, 
financial institutions, 
investment funds and 
private individuals. Key 
areas of practice include 
Investment Funds, Banking 
and Finance, Dispute 
Resolution, Insolvency and 
Restructuring, Corporate and 
Commercial, Trusts and 
Private Client.

Arendt & Medernach is the 
leading independent 
business law firm in 
Luxembourg. The firm’s 
international team of 325 
legal professionals 
represents clients in all 
areas of Luxembourg 
business law, with 
representative offices in 
Dubai, Hong Kong, London, 
Moscow, New York and Paris. 
Service to clients is 
differentiated by the end to 
end specialist advice the 
company offers, covering all 
legal, regulatory, taxation 
and advisory aspects of 
doing business in 
Luxembourg. A&M advises 
international and domestic 
clients in all areas of 
business law relevant to 
their business activities, 
ranging from fund 
formation, banking, 
insurance, private equity and 
real estate to corporate and 
tax matters.



BLACKMOONPLATFORM.COM


