














































BP-white-paper-v39


White Paper



BlitzPredict White Paper p. 2

Table of
Contents
1. What is BlitzPredict?
2. Problem
3. Solution
     a. Aggregator
     b. Liquidity
     c. Smart Contracts
     d. Analytics Community
          i. Tournaments
          ii. Syndicates

4. BlitzPredict Token
     a. Token Economy
     b. Use of Funds

5. Timeline
     a. Legality
     b. Competition
     c. Risk Factors

6. Team & Advisors

3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
10

11
12
13

14
15
16
17

18



BlitzPredict White Paper p. 3

What is
BlitzPredict?
BlitzPredict is a global platform under develop-
ment applying fintech solutions to provide 
function and liquidity to users of blockchain 
prediction markets and sportsbooks. BlitzPredict 
aims to bring the power of blockchain technology 
to the mass consumer via streamlined products.

BlitzPredict’s aggregator will ensure that users will 
always get the best odds available in the market 
at any given time. BlitzPredict’s liquidity reserve 
will ensure that users can get paid immediately at 
the conclusion of an event. BlitzPredict’s smart 
contract tools will allow our users to interact 
seamlessly and effectively throughout the market.

.
Value Propositions:

Constantly aggregate data from prediction 
markets and sportsbooks to always provide our 
users with the best odds available in the market 
for a given event.

Where and when legal, provide liquidity to users 
of multiple prediction markets and sportsbooks. 
With BlitzPay, our method to provide instant 
payouts upon completion of an event, users 
won’t have to wait for sportsbooks to transfer 
winnings or reporters to verify results on block-
chain prediction markets.

Where and when legal, provide smart contracts to 
allow our users to automatically execute wagers 
placed with sportsbooks and prediction markets 
when certain criteria are met (e.g. Bet 1 ETH 
when New England Patriots are trading at 60% or 
below).

Incentivize expert contributors to work within our 
community on advanced predictive models.

Build products accessible to the 99% of consum-
ers who aren’t currently using blockchain-pow-
ered products.

•

•

•

•

•



Problem
Traditional sportsbooks are centralized authori-
ties. Users must deposit money, while earning 
no interest and tying up funds for long periods 
of time. Although wagers get graded nearly 
instantly (so users can keep betting), cashouts 
can take days or even weeks to process. In 
addition, if the sportsbook collapses and 
defaults, there is no recourse for users to 
reclaim their money.

Blockchain prediction markets solve the issue 
of trust, but liquidity remains a major issue. 
Prediction markets like Gnosis and Augur may 
take up to a week to grade wagers and resolve 
contracts. Money tied up in a contract can't be 
deployed, hurting users' bankroll growth.

Setting up accounts at multiple sportsbooks to 
find the best lines is a smart practice. However, 
the process of scanning various sportsbooks to 
find the best line is time-consuming. This 
process, combined with the liquidity issues 
discussed above, leads bettors to spend time 
doing monotonous, inefficient work, with a 
fraction of their working capital available. 

Sports analytics is fragmented. Sportsbooks, 
betting syndicates, sports teams, and other 
entities wall off their internal analytics depart-
ments and don’t share information with each 
other. Different analytics groups compete 
independently toward the same goal, instead 
of cooperating. In addition to the below market 
rate salaries that sports analytics jobs generally 
offer, there is no community where experts and 
enthusiasts can participate and be rewarded for 
their contributions. 

Sports betting “experts” aren’t held account-
able for their predictions. Experts can lie about 
their track records and claim they bet at 
numbers that never existed. Being a successful 
sports betting tout is more an exercise in 
marketing than in accurately predicting the 
results of events.  

In addition to issues with sportsbooks and 
prediction markets, there are security and 
design challenges in the blockchain space in 
general. Potential users are intimidated by the 
onboarding flow and the challenges of keeping 
their information safe and secure.

Money tied 
up in a
contract 
can't be
deployed, 
hurting 
users'
bankroll 
growth.

BlitzPredict White Paper p. 4



Solution
BlitzPredict is an aggregator of sportsbooks 
and prediction markets. By constantly refresh-
ing the odds like a stock market ticker, we 
ensure our users will always get the best odds 
available for a given bet. BlitzPredict stream-
lines the process to make prediction markets as 
simple to navigate as traditional sportsbooks. 

BlitzPredict will provide a suite of smart 
contract tools for our users to better interact 
with sportsbooks and prediction markets. Users 
will be able to set up smart contracts to 
execute when specified criteria are met. The 
goal is to bring the power of an advanced 
betting syndicate’s tools to our users.

BlitzPredict will also establish a reserve to 
provide liquidity for bettors and traders. Where 
and when legal, users will be able to use 
BlitzPredict tokens (BPZ) to immediately collect 
on successful wagers made with a sportsbook 
or a prediction market. BlitzPay (instant, 
guaranteed cash outs) can be activated by 
wagering with BPZ or using BPZ to convert a 
completed wager to a BlitzPay ticket. Users can 
earn rewards by staking BPZ to support the 
BlitzPay Reserve.

Our aggregator and 
liquidity reserve will 
ensure our users 
always get the best 
odds and receive
guaranteed instant 
payouts

We are implementing the Bancor Protocol to 
further provide liquidity and low rates for our 
users. Users will be able to instantly exchange 
tokens without needing to use an exchange or 
find a buyer. Our aggregator and liquidity 
reserve will ensure our users always get the 
best odds and receive guaranteed instant 
payouts - no more waiting days or even weeks 
for withdrawals to hit. 

We will incentivize sports analytics experts to 
contribute to our platform and work with them 
to create powerful predictive models. Models 
will be tested publicly and predictions must be 
made using actual odds available in the market 
at that time. Experts must stake BPZ to support 
their picks and models. Over time, the most 
successful models will receive the most support 
from the community. 

We will develop secure, streamlined implemen-
tations of blockchain protocols to onboard 
casual users to partner operations. Our goal is 
to bring users with no previous blockchain 
experience to the low-vig, high-volume options 
in the space, and to deliver a beautiful, 
easy-to-use experience.

BlitzPredict White Paper p. 5



Aggregator
The BlitzPredict Aggregator will constantly pull 
updated lines from sportsbooks and prediction 
markets, delivering them to our users in a 
streamlined format. Instead of displaying “New 
England -7 -110 / Buffalo +7 +110,” users might 
see “New England -6.5 -110 / Buffalo +7.5 
-110” where the odds for this game are coming 
from two different sources.

Users will have the option of viewing prediction 
market contracts through either American or 
Decimal odds. E.g. New England is trading at 
67% on Gnosis, users viewing American odds 
would see New England -205 (accounting for 
the vig). In a scenario where the best odds for 
New England at a traditional sportsbook are 
-220, users using the Aggregator would see the 
-205 option and be able to place their bet at 
Gnosis. 

The Aggregator will be extremely customizable 
but the main premise is to ensure our users 
always get the best line available for an event. 
Users will be able to store their information in 
order to quickly engage with any sportsbook in 
the Aggregator, whether they have an account 
there or not. Users can bet through smart 
contracts, make traditional deposits, or use 
BlitzPay to ensure immediate payment.

BlitzPredict White Paper p. 6

AGGREGATOR

SPORTS
BOOKS

PREDICTION
MARKETS



Liquidity
Where and when legal, BPZ can be used to 
wager at partner sportsbooks and platforms. 
Any wagers made using BPZ will have BlitzPay 
automatically activated - no waiting for payouts 
upon completion of the event. Users betting in 
other currencies (USD, BTC, ETH, etc.) will be 
able to use BPZ to activate BlitzPay after an 
event is completed. 

BlitzPredict’s reserves will be publicly audited 
and verifiable by independent third parties. 
BlitzPay can only be activated when there is 
enough in the BlitzPredict reserves to cover the 
wager. Anytime BlitzPay is activated, tokens are 
removed from the reserve so tokens can’t be 
double-spent.

BlitzPredict will be buying and selling BPZ to 
maintain our reserve. When a user activates 
BlitzPay, we will pay him immediately from our 
reserve. Then, when a BlitzPay contract gets 
paid by the vendor (sportsbook or prediction 
market), we will purchase tokens to replenish 
the reserve. In addition to our reserve, BlitzPre-
dict users will be able to earn rewards by 
staking BPZ to support the liquidity pool.

BlitzPredict will implement the Bancor Protocol 
to provide added liquidity for our users, 
allowing them to instantly purchase or liquidate 
BPZ in exchange for any other token using the 
Bancor Protocol. Prices are calculated by the 
smart token so buys and sells will use the same 
current price. 

Sportsbooks can take weeks to pay out wagers 
and even default completely on their obliga-
tions. Users can activate BlitzPay to ensure that 
they receive their winnings immediately upon 
completion of the event. We will track payment 
times from all partner operations and our 
formula for pricing BlitzPay will change 
depending on the expected wait time and 
chance of default at a partner operation.

Vendors that prove customer deposits are kept 
in segregated accounts will have access to 
larger BlitzPay reserves, along with those that 

build a track record of prompt payments. If a 
vendor reaches its cap of the maximum BlitzPay 
reserve active at once, then BlitzPay will not be 
available with that vendor until the debt is paid 
down. 

We will encourage partners to adopt smart 
contract betting solutions – where both the 
vendor and the user enter into a smart contract 
agreement that resolves immediately upon 
completion of the event. In addition, we will 
encourage open, auditable finances so we can 
increase the portion of the BlitzPay reserve 
available for that vendor.

More advanced users can benefit from apply-
ing the Kelly Criterion. As the Kelly Criterion 
proves, there are many times where paying a 
slight vig for immediate liquidity results in 
faster bankroll growth. Given discrepancies in 
the marketplace, it’s common for the best odds 
for each wager in a series of wagers to be 
found at different sportsbooks or prediction 
markets. Therefore, it’s important that a user 
always has full access to all sportsbooks and 
prediction markets. 

Tying up money with one entity or in an unre-
solved contract can cause the user to miss out 
on future +EV wagers, resulting in suboptimal 
bankroll growth. In addition to added liquidity, 
BlitzPredict users will be able to incorporate 
proper Kelly betting strategy into their wager-
ing strategy with our suite of advanced betting 
tools.

BlitzPredict White Paper p. 7



Smart
Contracts
Smart contracts can power some of the best 
use cases for blockchain prediction markets 
and sportsbooks. Users can set up smart 
contracts to automatically execute a wager 
when certain criteria are met, bet alongside the 
expert of their choice, escrow with sportsbooks 
for immediate payouts, and store information 
for immediate transactions in the marketplace. 
BPZ will be used to activate smart contracts. 
Wagers made in BPZ will automatically have 
smart contract functionality enabled. 

Case 1: We partner with a sportsbook to allow 
for users to wager through a smart contract 
with the sportsbook. Both the user and the 
vendor escrow funds in a smart contract, and 
the winner receives all funds immediately at the 
completion of the event. 

Case 2: A user signs up for a package of picks 
from an expert. The user then enters some BPZ 
into a smart contract escrow and links to a 
wallet or another payment option for the 
wagers. Any time the expert recommends a 
bet, the user’s smart contract automatically 
executes the same bet for the user at a sports-
book or prediction market, using the linked 
payment information (Users specify the amount 
they want to wager per bet e.g. “1 unit = $10 or 
.2 ETH”). If the expert wins over the course of 
the package, he receives the user’s BPZ based 
on how many units were won. If he loses, the 
user is returned all his BPZ.  

Case 3: A user sets up a smart contract to bet if 
a line reaches a certain number. E.g. the current 
best line on the Patriots is -7 -110. The user sets 
up a smart contract with the function of “bet 
$550 on Patriots -6.5 -110 or better.” The smart 
contract then executes if the line hits 6.5 at any 
sportsbook or prediction market.

In the event of large wagers or smart contract 
syndicate betting, the smart contract may end 

up being deployed at several different vendors 
due to volume restrictions. Users can also sign 
up for live betting packages, including recom-
mended hedging opportunities. Users can also 
set up smart contracts to automatically bet 
whenever a certain model recommends a bet 
at a certain ROI or better. The BlitzPredict 
Model Aggregator can be utilized in this 
fashion as well. 

Users can store their personal information to 
easily sign up for various sportsbooks and store 
their payment information (fiat or crypto wallet) 
to easily deposit and/or exercise smart 
contracts when their terms are met.

BlitzPredict White Paper p. 8

Anytime the expert 
recommends a bet, 
the user’s smart 
contract automati-
cally executes the 
same bet for the 
user at a sports-
book or prediction 
market, using the 
linked payment
information



Analytics
Community
Sports analytics is fragmented. Analytics are 
walled off – various sportsbooks, betting syndi-
cates, sports teams, and other entities have their 
own analytics teams and don’t share information 
with each other. This fragmentation results in an 
inefficiency where various tribes are inde-
pendently working to solve the same problem. 
E.g. Sports Betting Syndicate A and Sports 
Information Site B are all trying to build an NFL 
model in-house, with no outside collaboration. 

Sports analytics is popular, but there is no 
community where enthusiasts can participate 
and be rewarded for their contributions. Also, 
sports betting “experts” aren’t held accountable 
for their predictions. Experts can lie about their 
results or claim they made a bet at numbers that 
were never available to the public. 

To deliver quality sports analytics to consumers, 
we are building a platform that will incentivize 
sports analytics experts and enthusiasts to share 
their models and picks, and contribute to 
community projects. Users must spend BPZ to 
access an expert’s information. In turn, experts 
will earn BPZ for providing access to their 
information. Over time, the market will reward 
quality predictions and avoid inferior informa-
tion.

We will provide a community for both sports 
analytics enthusiasts as well as users who are 
interested in accessing the information. Experts 
who contribute to the platform will be reward-
ed based on how popular their predictions and 
models are. All predictions will be 
time-stamped and must be made using actual 
odds available in the market - no forging 
records. 

Experts must stake a certain amount of BPZ to 
list their picks or submit a model. This will help 
increase the quality of contributors and help to 
prevent abuse like automating 10,000 expert 
profiles, relying on variance to produce a few 
profiles with outsized returns. Therefore, it is 
imperative that experts have “skin in the 
game” alongside the users they are providing 
information to. 

There is strong consumer demand for quality 
sports analytics, but, due to the myriad walls 
built up in this space, along with the general 
lack of accountability (it’s easy to lie about one’s 
record), it’s difficult, if not impossible, for 
consumers to access quality information. 

We will pair our tech team with the sports 
analytics community, using machine learning to 
analyze the data produced to develop powerful 
consensus models along with our own propri-
etary models. The resulting analytics will be 
delivered to consumers via streamlined prod-
ucts.

BlitzPredict White Paper p. 9

USERS EXPERTS

Tokens

Predictions



Tournaments
BlitzPredict will use a portion of the company’s 
BPZ holdings to sponsor tournaments where 
users can earn free BPZ. Some tournaments will 
only be available to users who agree to lock up 
a certain amount of BPZ over a specified 
timeframe. 

We will also sponsor tournaments, where 
experts can share their models over a certain 
duration (e.g. an NFL season) and be rewarded 
for accurate results. Community members 
wishing to encourage development of models 
in certain disciplines can also choose to spon-
sor tournaments by escrowing BPZ to be 
awarded to the most accurate predictions over 
that timeframe.

Example 1: BlitzPredict offers a contest for 
Week 15 of the NFL season, only open to users 
with holdings of at least 500,000 BPZ for at 
least the previous 30 days, awarding 3,000,000 
BPZ to the users with the most accurate 
predictions against the spread. The most 
accurate predictor receives 1,000,000 BPZ, the 
second most accurate predictor receives 
500,000 BPZ, and so on. 

Example 2: BlitzPredict creates a contest, 
awarding 1,000,000 BPZ to the 5 most accurate 
models over an NFL season. The tournament 
will be run in our demo environment and each 
participant will be given 10,000 play chips to 
wager with. Each week, the models will test the 
outputs of their models against the BlitzPredict 
Aggregator. Experts can use Kelly or other 
betting strategies and at the end of the season, 
the prize pool will be awarded to the winners.

Example 3: A user wants to access a powerful 
NHL model and wants to incentivize experts to 
work together to create one. The user agrees 
to escrow 500,000 BPZ in a smart contract, and 
reward 100% to the winner as a bounty for the 
best model. This top-heavy payout structure 
could incentivize multiple NHL experts to 
combine their models and work together 
toward receiving the reward. Also, users with a 
shared interest in a model’s development can 
pool resources to run a tournament with a 
larger payout to attract a higher caliber of 
expert.

Syndicates
Users will be able to back syndicates on the 
BlitzPredict platform. A syndicate will be 
comprised of an expert or group of experts. 
Similar to a hedge fund or a venture fund, 
experts with proven track records will be able 
to solicit contributions from token holders 
looking to profit from investing in winning 
sports bettors. Experts will be able to set 
parameters including min and max fund size, 
betting strategy, and distribution strategy. 

All expert predictions will be recorded on the 
blockchain and publicly verifiable so potential 
investors will be able to verify the track record 
of the expert they are considering investing 
with. There is precedent in the United States 
for such funds: sports betting hedge funds can 
legally exist in Nevada, solicit investors from all 
over the world, legally place bets at Nevada 
sportsbooks, and share the profits with their 
investors. 

BlitzPredict White Paper p.10



BlitzPredict 
Token
BlitzPredict will create 1,000,000,000 
BlitzPredict Tokens (BPZ) - ERC20 tokens. 
BlitzPredict will never create more tokens. 
300,000,000 BPZ will be offered for sale to the 
public. Unsold tokens will be burned. 

The BPZ Tokens will be used to access certain 
features of, and to reward contributors to, the 
online platform once it is developed and in 
operation. They do not represent an equity or 
other interest in the business of BlitzPredict. 
BlitzPredict does not intend to create or 
facilitate the creation of a secondary market for 
trading BPZ Tokens and they should not be 
considered as an investment.

The BPZ Tokens are not backed by any physical 
or other assets.

BlitzPredict White Paper p. 11

80,000,000 BPZ (8%)
Strategic Partners

50,000,000 BPZ (5%)
Seed Round

50,000,000 BPZ (5%)
Advisors

50,000,000 BPZ (5%)
Liquidity Reserve

90,000,000 BPZ (9%)
Future hires. 3 year vest, 1 year cliff.

180,000,000 BPZ (18%)
BlitzPredict Team. 3 year vest, 1 year cliff.

200,000,000 BPZ (20%)
Held by BlitzPredict. 2 year vest, 1 year cliff.

150,000,000 BPZ (15%)
Pre-Token Sale

150,000,000 BPZ (15%)
Token Sale

1 BILLION
BLITZPREDICT TOKENS (BPZ)



Token
Economy
Tokens will be used to implement various 
functions of the platform. In addition, tokens 
can be staked to support various functions of 
the platform. 

When a user or expert makes a bet at a partner 
site in BPZ, BlitzPay will be automatically 
activated and the user will receive his winnings 
immediately upon conclusion of the event. If 
the user or expert bets in fiat currency (or BTC, 
ETH, etc.) they will have the option to activate 
BlitzPay after an event by spending BPZ.

Smart Contracts can be activated using BPZ. 
Users can use BPZ to activate smart contracts 
to: automatically execute a wager when certain 
criteria are met, enter a smart contract with 
sportsbooks for immediate payouts upon 
completion of an event, or automatically bet an 
expert’s recommended wagers. 

Users can use BPZ to purchase information 
from experts, and to automatically execute 
contracts alongside an expert’s predictions. 
Experts must stake BPZ in order to submit their 

picks or models. Experts can earn BPZ from 
users who are interested in accessing their 
information.

BlitzPredict will develop its own models and 
offer a consensus of the best-performing 
models on its platform. Users can access these 
models with BPZ and BlitzPredict will share the 
proceeds with contributing experts. 

Users must stake BPZ to enter certain tourna-
ments. Users can support the BlitzPay Reserve 
by staking BPZ to enhance liquidity. Experts 
must stake BPZ to track and share the records 
of their models or picks. 

Revenues will be allocated to the operation of 
BlitzPredict’s business, strategic partnerships, 
community projects and tournaments, and the 
liquidity reserve.

BlitzPredict White Paper p. 12

When a user or 
expert makes a bet 
at a partner site in 
BPZ, BlitzPay will 
be automatically
activated and the 
user will receive 
their winnings
immediately upon 
conclusion of the 
event.



Use of Funds

BlitzPredict White Paper p. 13

Development (45%)

Marketing (20%)

Legal (15%)

Operations (10%)

Security (10%)



Timeline
These are our primary milestones but the order in 
which we accomplish them will depend on market 
forces, partnerships, the regulatory environment, and 
feedback from our community. We will update the 
community with progress towards these milestones 
and solicit community involvement in aligning our 
goals with the market as it evolves. In addition to 
traditional sports, we will look to expand into 
eSports, crypto markets, politics, and other markets 
that our users support and the blockchain prediction 
markets serve.

BlitzPredict White Paper p. 14

Launch live production platform operating on the public 
blockchain.  Will include the aggregator and smart 
contracts surrounding the flow of information from experts 
to users. Begin strategic hiring for future development.

Quarter 1, 2018

Activate liquidity pool and implement smart contracts 
surrounding automated betting behavior in legal 
jurisdictions where we have regulatory guidance. 

Quarter 3 & 4, 2018

Continue to scale our tech and operations teams and 
expand partnerships with prediction markets and 
sportsbooks. 

Quarter 2, 2019 & Beyond

Release a beta platform featuring the liquidity pool and 
smart contracts surrounding automated betting behavior.

Quarter 2, 2018

Implement machine learning database to analyze the data 
that passes through our platform. Begin community 
modeling projects with our network of contributors.

Quarter 1, 2019



Legality
Given that blockchain and sports betting laws 
can vary wildly between countries, it is impera-
tive to follow the laws in each jurisdiction 
BlitzPredict operates in. Certain functions of 
the platform, like interacting with sportsbooks 
and betting with smart contracts, may not be 
available in all jurisdictions, such as the United 
States. 

There is a lot of momentum for legalized sports 
betting and there are several reasons why the 
United States federal ban (PASPA) might be 
overturned soon: NFL ratings are down, 
subscribers are fleeing ESPN, advertisers want 
engaged viewers during live events (no fast-for-
warding), Government may see it as a ‘win’ of 
additional revenue, the majority of citizens 
already support legalized sports betting, the 
past and present NBA commissioners, and 
owners such as Mark Cuban publicly support it, 
and several states (CA, DE, MD, MI, NJ, NY, PA, 
WV) are pushing bills to legalize sports betting 
and/or repeal PASPA. Most importantly, the 
Supreme Court has agreed to hear NJ’s 
challenge to PASPA.

Operating in the light will be an advantage for 
the network effect of our platform. Experts can 
contribute without fear of the U.S. government 
shutting down the project. BlitzPredict will be 
positioned to access a large pool of sports 
bettors and analytics enthusiasts when sports 
betting is legalized in the U.S. BlitzPredict will 
obey all US laws and SEC guidelines, along 
with all laws in each jurisdiction we operate in. 

“We are entering a 
perfect storm of 
interests among 
broadcasters, 
among owners of 
individual sports 
teams, we have 
what’s clearly been 
25 years of a failed 
law,”

Geoff Freeman, 
President & CEO of the American 
Gaming Association

BlitzPredict White Paper p. 15



Competition
There aren’t currently any direct competitors 
but there are several indirect competitors and 
we anticipate additional groups coming into 
this space as well. One of the competitors in 
blockchain prediction markets will likely be 
arbitrage syndicates – groups that look to buy 
up contracts at a 1-2% discount to provide 
liquidity to customers that don’t want to wait. 
The notion of arbitrage is foreign to most 
bettors, and we plan to offer a simpler mecha-
nism for our users to achieve liquidity.

There is no shortage of touts and affiliate sites 
in the sports betting space. There is no real 
accountability - touts can misstate their records 
and some affiliate sites manipulate data to 
create inaccurate records. In a fractured market 
rife with misleading statements and outright 
lies by “experts,” BlitzPredict will bring 
accountability to sports betting with 
time-stamped predictions against real market 
odds. Requiring experts to stake BPZ in order 
to submit their picks or models should help 
guard against fraud and abuse. 

Most traditional affiliate sites, like Covers and 
Sports Insights, tend to have web-based, 
antiquated platforms. They have communities 
of contributors but no way for them to get 
rewarded. Aggregators like OddsChecker have 
a regional focus and do not include blockchain 
platforms. Ultimately, our success will be 
determined by the strength of our platform, 
network, predictive models, and the diversity of 
the markets that we address.

It’s important to note that prediction markets 
like Gnosis and Augur, as well as sportsbooks 
and other betting vendors, are not competi-
tors. Our goal is to drive business to these 
platforms and open them up to users who may 
not otherwise use them. As these companies 
succeed, so will BlitzPredict. We plan to 
collaborate with these companies with the 
common goal of bringing blockchain technolo-
gy to the masses.

BlitzPredict White Paper p. 16



Risk Factors
There are several risks associated with the 
advance purchase of the BPZ Tokens, including 
the following:

The BPZ Tokens will have no value if the 
Platform is not completed.

Purchasers of the BPZ Tokens in the pre-sale 
will receive the BPZ Tokens upon completion of 
the anticipated public sale. The BPZ Tokens will 
only provide the right to use the Platform once 
it is completed. If the Platform is not complet-
ed or if, when completed, the Platform does 
not operate as planned, the BPZ Tokens will 
have no value and the holders of the BPZ 
Tokens will receive no refund. The BPZ Tokens 
are not backed by any physical or other assets. 
The proceeds received from the BPZ Tokens 
will be used by BlitzPredict to pay salaries and 
fund the development of the Platform and all 
other BlitzPredict expenses and will not be held 
in escrow.

Sportsbooks and prediction markets may 
block access to their platforms.

The success of the Platform will depend upon 
BlitzPredict’s ability to access the sportsbooks 
and prediction markets necessary to provide 
the information to users of the Platform. There 
is no assurance that the BlitzPredict Platform 
will have access to those platforms.

BlitzPredict and its management have no 
history of operating an online aggregator 
and their experience may be inadequate or 
unsuitable to manage the Aggregator.

BlitzPredict and its management have no 
history of past performance in managing an 
online aggregator like outlined in this white 
paper. While BlitzPredict has successfully 
developed and deployed its DFS mobile 
application, that is no indication of its ability to 

develop and manage an online aggregator 
with smart contract functionality.

The development of the Platform will be 
adversely affected if members of its 
software development team do not continue 
to participate in its development.

The development of the Platform depends on 
the continued participation of BlitzPredict’s 
software development team. The withdrawal of 
one or more members of that team could 
adversely affect the development of the 
Platform.

BlitzPredict will need funds to develop the 
Platform in addition to the proceeds expect-
ed from the private pre-sale of the BPZ 
Tokens and there is no assurance that 
BlitzPredict will be able to sell additional 
Tokens for that purpose.

BlitzPredict will need funds to develop the 
Platform in addition to the proceeds it expects 
to receive in its initial private pre-sale. While 
BlitzPredict expects to raise those funds from a 
public pre-sale and a public sale in November 
2018, there is no assurance that it will be able 
to successfully raise those funds.

Token sales have come under malicious 
attack from hackers and other parties 
resulting in the theft of Tokens.

Token sales have come under malicious attack 
resulting in the theft of tokens and substantial 
losses to platforms and the purchasers of 
tokens.

BlitzPredict White Paper p. 17



BlitzPredict White Paper p. 18

Team

Team & Advisors

Brett Richey
CEO 

David Carley
CTO 

Patrick Young
Senior Software Engineer 

Chris Bergstrom
Software Engineer 

Erik Mikkelson
Backend & Devops 

Anthony Hurtado
Director of Business Development

Advisors
Eyal Hertzog
Co-Founder, Bancor 

Dave Rogers
CEO J.D. Capital, Inc. 

Hartej Sawhney 
Co-Founder, Hosho.io 

Mark Herberholz
Expert in Sports Gaming Technology

Brad Libson
Pink Sky Capital

Richard Belsky, JD
Tech/Gaming Entrepreneur 

Ken Liu 
Expert in Token Mechanics & ICO Structure

Phil Hellmuth
Professional Poker Player 

Chris Hunichen
Expert in Strategic Partners & Investor 
Relations


