













































Blockbid Whitepaper


More Coins • More Trades • One Exchange 

www . b l o c k b i d . c o m . a u
i n f o @ b l o c k b i d . c o m . a u

This document is not an offer of securities or a collective investment scheme, nor does it require registration with or approval from the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Contributors are advised to
read this document carefully in full, and perform due diligence. This document has been developed by our legal and financial advisors and has been reviewed by our legal advisors.

WHITEPAPER



CURRENT PROTOCOLS 
& ISSUES  

EX
EC SUM

M
A

RY

At present, cryptocurrencies are scattered across multiple 

exchanges, which means that users are often required to 

sign up to multiple platforms. This causes inconvenience 

and trust issues for users, as well as missed trading 

opportunities due to time lapse whilst funds are in transit 

between different exchange platforms

WHY BLOCKBID?
Trade with the highest number of cryptocurrencies 

available on one exchange

Low cost transaction fees

All cryptocurrency assets are insured

Fully compliant with Australian AML/CTF Act 

All funds are secured by multi-signature wallets 

Operating on Australia's fastest exchange network  

Scalable up to 1 million transactions per second 

First Australian cryptocurrency exchange to operate 

under AFSL guidelines 

Ultra-secure platform using latest security protocols and 

designs 

Blockbid is an ultra-secure cryptocurrency trading 

platform with the goal of facilitating the highest volume 

of trades from most cryptocurrencies on one platform, 

with a single login. 

OUR SOLUTION

CORE OBJECTIVES
Trade all of the top coins on one exchange

Ease of access - catering to new and experienced traders 

Security from the ground up

Operating in accordance with AML/CTF Act

Lowest transaction fees to reduce the cost of trading

BLOCKBID TOKENS
Each blockbid token provides a 100% discount off the 0.1% 

flat fee. 



ROADMAP & TIMELINE

ROADMAP

EARLY ACCESS
Q4 2017 

Beta testing and product refinement 

stage. Early access members will receive 

0% transaction fee as a reward for joining. 

To sign-up for early access, subscribe on 

the Blockbid website

PUBLIC LAUNCH
Q1 2018 

Ultra-secure platform running on Australia’s

fastest exchange network to facilitate up to

1 million transactions per second, with

security built from the ground up. Fully

compliant with Australian AML/CTF Act

FIAT TRADING
Q3 2018 

Blockbid will support trading of a wide range

of mainstream fiat currencies for ease of

access

MOBILE EXCHANGE
Q4 2018 

Launch Blockbid app as a mobile exchange

platform with personal private key wallet 

ICO (October)
Blockbid is an ERC20 compliant token based 

on the Ethereum blockchain. Blockbid smart 

contract and tokens will launch on 22nd of 

October 2017



PR
O

DU
CT

PRODUCT OVERVIEW

Our developers stay up to date with the latest 

technological advances and are at the forefront of 

innovation. We are committed to providing our users 

with cutting-edge utility and scalability. 

If you’re interested in taking part in our beta 

tests, subscribe on the Blockbid website by 

clicking here and receive early access to test 

the platform. 

Feedback is important to us. We are always on 

the look out for enthusiastic users who share 

our passion and want to test our technology. 

Front-end built on the latest fluid UI designs, which 

are also used by Facebook, Instagram, Netflix, 

Whatsapp, Dropbox and more 

Back-end built on the latest secure designs, which 

are also used by Uber, Paypal, Linkedin, Ebay, 

Yahoo and more 

Direct datalink to 180+ co-location facilities on 5 

continents with a history of 99.99999% uptime 

Fastest secure network operating on Australia's 

fastest gigabit network to deliver maximum 

bandwidth at all times

Ultra-secure platform using latest security 

protocols and designs 

FUTURE DEVELOPMENT
NFC Payments: In-wallet payment platform for 

blockchain assets. Blockbid will give you access to 

digital currency anytime, anywhere for your 

everyday payments.

Decentralised Exchange: P2P decentralised 

trading via the Blockbid wallet

http://www.blockbid.com.au/#contact


CRYPTO MARKET

M
A

RK
ET

Total Market Cap is in excess of $145 Billion USD  

In past 12 months, size of market has grown from 

$11.3 billion to a height of $180 billion USD  

1265% market growth in 12 months  

600% New User + 640% increase in number of 

transactions in past 4 months

Trading volume is between $2 - $4 billion USD per 

24 hours

DRIVERS OF FUTURE GROWTH
Financial institutions showing willingness to test 

blockchain technology 

E-Commerce adoption of cryptocurrencies as 

payment method 

Opportunity for cryptocurrencies to be recognised 

and treated as formal currencies 

Only 1% of the population currently investing in 

cryptocurrencies and the market has reached a 

height of $180 billion - imagine the size of the 

industry when 5% are investing

As financial institutions, e-commerce businesses 

and governments start moving towards 

cryptocurrencies, they will become more 

commercialised and the 1% of people will grow 

exponentially, which will lead to an influx of 

future investment and market growth. 

PROOF OF CONCEPT

Billions of dollars are traded on various exchanges every 

day with commissions being changed per transaction. 

Cryptocurrencies are being acknowledged by the masses 

as the future of financial liquidity and a faster, cheaper 

solution for transferring money globally. 



TOKEN PROCESS

PARTICIPATE

Blockbid tokens will be made available for sale on the 22nd of October, and can be purchased via 

Ether. The funds raised from the ICO are for the purpose of platform development and funding 

expansion due to user growth. If you'd like to participate in the sale and purchase tokens, click here.

HOW CAN BLOCKBID TOKENS BE USED ON OUR EXCHANGE?  
Blockbid tokens can be used on the Blockbid exchange to reduce the transactional costs of trading on our 

markets by 100% during year 1, and a 50% discount thereafter.  The Blockbid tokens are not used on a per 

trade basis. Rather, the Blockbid tokens will give you a time window whereby you will be permitted to 

trade as many times as you like for a discount. The discount period is as follows:  

1 Blockbid = 30 minute window  

How you utilize this discount window is entirely up to your discretion. If you have determined that you 

need more than 30 minutes for your given trading window, simply use more than 1 token at any given 

time. There is no degradation on token use, meaning if you use 10 tokens at once that will be: 

10 x 30 minutes = 5 hours 

HOW DO I  PURCHASE BLOCKBID TOKENS?

Blockbid tokens will be for sale at our ICO. Users can transfer ether to the address we will provide in 

exchange for Blockbid tokens. The ICO value of Blockbid tokens will be: 

Week 1: 1 ETH = 360 BID 

Week 2: 1 ETH = 340 BID 

Week 3: 1 ETH = 320 BID 

Final Week: 1 ETH = 300 BID 

The minimum contribution is 0.1 ETH and the maximum is 100 ETH per transaction. 

Blockbid will also host a commission-free market on our exchange, whereby users can exchange their 

Blockbid tokens at the current market value for other cryptocurrencies. 

SOFT & HARD CAPS

The soft cap for the Blockbid ICO is 1 million tokens. In the event that the Blockbid ICO does not achieve 

this amount, we will provide further information on how you can withdraw back your funds. 

No more than 3 million Blockbid tokens will be created and we will not be accepting more payments if 

this token count is achieved. 

https://blockbidico.com.au/


TOKEN ALLOCATION

TOKEN

HOW ARE THE GENERATED TOKENS DISTRIBUTED? 

The generated tokens will be distributed at a rate of 80:20 between general sale and Blockbid. From 

Blockbid's 20%, founders and team members will retain 12% and 8% will be available for bounties and 

rewards post-ICO. This means that for every 1 coin in circulation, Blockbid will receive 0.2 (20%) of coins

minted. 15% of of all funds raised during the ICO will be kept in cold storage. 

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM ICO

Marketing 
12%

Software 
35%

Security/Infrast 
20%

Legal 
5%

Operations
8%

ETH Reserve 
15%

Misc. 
5%

Proceeds raised from the ICO will be used to fund platform development and expansion due to user 

growth. In the chart below, "Security & Infrast" refers to security and network infrastructure.

Bounties 
8%

Founders 
12%

General 
80%

*Allocations in charts below are approximate and subject to change



CO
M

PL
IA

N
CE

COMPLIANCE & AUDIT

WHAT HAPPENS TO THE BLOCKBID 
TOKENS ONCE YOU'VE USED THEM?

We hold ourselves to highest standards of public trust in 

maintaining user integrity and operational transparency. All 

funds are secured by multi-signature wallets. 15% of all 

funds raised during the ICO will be 

kept in cold storage. 

The Blockbid exchange and all cryptocurrency assets will be 

insured and protected against cyber attacks and alike. 

Furthermore, Blockbid is a fully compliant and registered 

company based in Australia. We have all legals such as 

terms and conditions, privacy policy and posting policy. 

PARTICIPATION

If you are a citizen or resident of The People's Republic of 

China or any entity formed under the laws of The People's 

Republic of China (each a "Chinese Person"), you are not 

able to participate in the ICO sale. Likewise, you are not 

able to purchase Blockbid Tokens on behalf of a Chinese 

Person.

Once you have used the Blockbid tokens they are redeemed 

by the Blockbid exchange. We will then redistribute all of 

the redeemed tokens back to the Blockbid trading 

community free of charge in the form of rewards. Some 

example of rewards can be in the form of referrals or 

continued support of our exchange. 

OUR PARTNERS

DGtek: Network infrastructure 

Allsquares: Talent Acquisition & Recruitment, specialising 

in emerging technology industry 

CryptAI: Experienced investor and incubator of emerging AI 

and Blockchain companies 

Kinectro: Web Design and technology solutions 

http://dgtek.net/
http://dgtek.net/
http://allsquares.com.au/
http://kinectro.com/
http://cryptai.com/


BLOCKBID TEAM

TEAM

Our hand-chosen team has been carefully comprised of individuals who are leaders in their field, with 

over 150 years of combined industry experience, a wealth of knowledge and vision for the future. In 

addition to the core team members listed below, our team also includes one Australia's top ASX traders, a 

former owner of a popular stock market research website, legal advisors and recruitment specialists. 

Ben Sapper 
CEO 

Accomplished 
entrepreneur who has 

founded many 
successful companies. 

Currently involved in the 
operation of several 
affluent commercial 

businesses. 

Gabriel Govinda 
Director 

Highly respected 
Australian Stock 

Exchange and former 
owner of a popular stock 
market research website 

Matt Youill 
CSO 

Experienced software 
engineer with 20+ years 

experience in betting 
and financial services - 
including CTO at Betfair 

Toby Tremayne 
CTO 

Senior Full-stack 
developer with a plethora 

of experience leading 
technical teams from 
some of the world's 
biggest companies 

Emma Hoffman 
CMO 

Marketer + Serial 
Entrepreneur with two 

successful exits - Listed 
in Top 50 Australian 

Female Entrepreneurs 
under 40 list 

Bernard Peh 
Blockchain Expert 

Senior software 
developer and 

blockchain expert who 
has developed 

technology for some of 
the world's largest 

companies 

Rudi Yardly 
Senior Front End 

Developer 
Head Software Engineer 

at one of Australia's 
largest websites 

Chris Demaria 
Network Security 

Engineer 
Specialising in cloud 
computing, network 
design and security  

Daniel Mechaea 
Data Scientist 

An experienced data 
analyst and system 

engineer 

Hunain Aslam 
Web Developer 

UI/UX analyst and 
software engineer 

Jeremy Kinstlinger 
Brokerage Specialist 
Head of Retail FX at 

Gleneagle Securities & 
Global Prime

https://www.linkedin.com/in/ben-sapper-204821101/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-govinda-48a288148/?ppe=1
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mattyouill/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tobytremayne/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmahoffman/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/bernardpeh/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rudiyardley/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/chris-demaria-a428a5a2/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-mechea-8b01a1109/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/hunain-aslam-92815032/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ben-sapper-204821101/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-govinda-48a288148/?ppe=1
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mattyouill/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tobytremayne/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmahoffman/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/bernardpeh/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rudiyardley/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/chris-demaria-a428a5a2/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-mechea-8b01a1109/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/hunain-aslam-92815032/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeremy-kinstlinger-1854b865/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeremy-kinstlinger-1854b865/


COMMUNITY SUPPORT

SUPPO
RT

GET IN TOUCH

We hold ourselves to highest standards of social responsibility in 
maintaining integrity and operational transparency. Our 
relationships are built on trust, passion for what we do, and a belief 
in clear communication. Blockbid offers enhanced user support, 
making it as easy as possible to get in touch with us directly with 
any questions, ideas, or feedback. via any of the contact details 
listed at the bottom of this page, Below are answers to some 
commonly asked questions. However, if you have any other 
questions or comments, please feel free to contact us at any time!

Email: info@blockbid.com.au 
Website: www.blockbid.com.au 
Twitter: @blockbid_io 
Facebook: facebook.com/blockbid 
Telegram: Click here 
GitHub: https://github.com/Blockbid 
Submit a coin: addmycoin@blockbid.com.au

Can I participate in ICO with a cryptocurrency other than ETH? 
Unfortunately not. Blockbid tokens are sent via our smart contract 
to the wallet address it received ETH from. 

Will Blockbid Tokens be traded at exchanges? 
Yes, Blockbid tokens will be available on other exchanges for ease 
of access. However, other exchanges may charge a transaction fee, 
whereas no fee is charged when trading with us directly. 

Which wallet should I use for my Blockbid tokens? 
Blockbid tokens are an ERC20 standard token so it can be stored on 
various Ethereum based wallets, such as Mist, Parity, 
MyEtherWallet or MetaMask. 

Can I send ETH from my exchange wallet? 
No, don't send ETH from your exchange wallet as you may not be 
able to receive your tokens. 

Are there any fees for users trading on Blockbid exchange? 
Yes, there is a flat transaction fee of 0.1% but your Blockbid tokens 
provide a 100% discount off these transaction fees in the first year, 
and 50% discount thereafter. Early access members receive 0% 
transaction fee for the first six months. To participate, click here 

What if i’ve missed out on purchasing in the ICO period? 
In the event that the Blockbid hardcap is not reached, we will 
enable you to purchase tokens until the end of 2017. The rate post- 
ICO will be 1 ETH = 200 BID. If the hardcap of 3 million tokens is still 
not reached, no more Blockbid tokens will be produced and the 
final circulation amount will be realised at the end of 2017. 

Interested in Blockbid but don't want to participate in the ICO? 
Subscribe to our mailing list via our website to stay updated with all 
of Blockbid's latest news and announcements.

https://t.me/joinchat/C5go9A9sMT8ss14UOkPIHA
http://www.blockbid.com.au/#subscribe


TERMS & CONDITIONS

INITIAL COIN OFFERING (“ICO") Disclaimer: 

THIS IS NOT A FINANCIAL, INVESTMENT, CURRENCY OR GAMING PRODUCT. IT IS NOT ANY TYPE OF MANAGED INVESTMENT SCHEME OR FINANCIAL SERVICE. IT
IS A SOFTWARE PRODUCT CREATED FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE  TRADING COMMUNITY. BLOCKBID TOKENS ARE ARE SOLELY A METHOD OF OBTAINING A 
DISCOUNTON A FUTURE SERVICE. THEY SHOULD NOT BE SWAPPED FOR ETHEREUM ON THE BELIEF, ASSUMPTION OR POSSIBILITY THAT THEY MAY INCREASE 
IN VALUE. YOU ARE SOLEY RESPONSIBLE OF THE MANAGEMENT OF YOUR TOKENS. 

This project gives contributors digital discount vouchers called BLOCKBID TOKENS to use on the proposed BLOCKBID PTY LTD (BLOCKBID) Exchange Platform 
website, in appreciation of their contribution to the project. 

We are not accepting cash. This is not in investment. We will only accept another token (Ethereum) in exchange for our tokens. 

This is not a company share stock/derivative. It is a sale of a digital item, or more accurately, an exchange of Ethereum for the tokens that BLOCKBID is creating. GST is 
applicable on the sales of digital items and applicable to Australian residents, for tax purposes only. BLOCKBID tokens offer no rights to any company equity or profits 
generated by the project. 

Do not participate in this event unless you have read and fully understood all disclaimers, terms and conditions. We will not accept participation from residents of 
China. IT IS ALSO SOLELY YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO CONDUCT LEGAL DUE DILIGENCE TO ENSURE PARTICIPATION IN THIS TOKEN OFFERING IS LEGAL IN YOUR 
PLACE OF RESIDENCE OR DOMICILLARY. 

The BLOCKBID directors are the principle shareholders of the company, owning circa 78.5% of the total shares on issue. In Australia, a company’s Shareholder register 
is publically available for viewing for a small fee on Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) website. 

BLOCKBID is a privately-owned company, registered in Australia and is compliant with all relevant obligations and requirements of the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission 2001 (Cth) and the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). BLOCKBID was founded in August 2017 and, as such, has no public financial information 
available. However, it has received funding from the founding directors, and also from a company affiliated with one of the directors that specialises in artificial 
intelligence and blockchain investments. BLOCKBID is currently funded from its cash reserves and has no subsidiaries. BLOCKBID is not party to any litigation as at the 
date of publication of this document. 

BLOCKBID TOKENS 

By purchasing, holding and using BLOCKBID tokens, you expressly acknowledge that you are aware of the following: 

BLOCKBID tokens are not, and are not intended to be structured or sold as any type of commodity, security, digital currency, or any other form of financial or 
investment product or service. Accordingly, none of the information presented by BLOCKBID in respect of our tokens is to or is intended to form the basis for any 
investment decision, and no recommendations are given. BLOCKBID expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct, indirect or consequential loss, 
damage, cost or expense of any kind whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from, or otherwise in connection with: 

(i) reliance on any information contained herein; 
(ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information; or 
(iii) any action resulting from such information. 

Ownership of our tokens carries no rights, express or implied, other than the right to discounted usage of the BLOCKBID exchange platform. In particular, you 
understand and accept that the tokens do not represent or confer:  

(i) any ownership right, share or security (or any equivalent right) in BLOCKBID PTY LTD or any other company. 
(ii) any future right to receive an interest or revenue share in BLOCKBID or any other company. 
(iii) any future right to receive an interest in any intellectual property rights relating to the BLOCKBID exchange platform. 

RISKS OF THE TOKEN GENERATION EVENT 

There are risks associated with the use of blockchain token technology for the token sale process, and with the acquisition of our tokens. 

WARNING: DO NOT ACQUIRE BLOCKBID TOKENS UNLESS YOU ARE AN EXPERT IN MANAGING CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS AND BLOCKCHAIN-BASED SOFTWARE 
SYSTEMS. THE PURCHASE OF BLOCKBID TOKENS ENTAILS A NUMBER OF RISKS.  

Acquisition of BLOCKBID tokens should only be undertaken by individuals or entities that have significant experience with, and understanding of, the usage and 
intricacies of cryptographic tokens like Bitcoin (BTC) and Ether (ETH), and other blockchain-based software systems. You should have functional understanding of 
storage and transmission mechanisms associated with all existing cryptographic tokens. Whist BLOCKBID is available to assist in the acquisition of tokens, in no way is 
BLOCKBID offering advice, and will not be responsible for lost BTC, ETH, BLOCKBID tokens, any other form of digital currency or asset, or cash, resulting from actions 
taken by, or omitted by you. 
You should carefully consider all risks involved, including, but not limited to, those listed below and, to the extent necessary, consult an appropriate lawyer, 
accountant, or tax professional. If any of the following risks are unacceptable to you, then you should not acquire tokens. By acquiring tokens, to the extent permitted 
by law, you acknowledge and agree that there are risks associated with purchasing, holding and using them. You expressly acknowledge and assume all risks and 
agree not to hold BLOCKBID or any related party of BLOCKBID liable for any loss, damage, cost or expense (including any special, incidental, or consequential 
damages) arising from, or in any way connected, to the offering of our tokens, including, but not limited to, any loss associated with the risks below:  

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH DEVELOPMENT AND MAINTENANCE OF THE BLOCKBID EXCHANGE PLATFORM. 
You recognise that the BLOCKBID Exchange Platform is currently under development and may undergo significant changes before and after going live, including 
changes of direction at BLOCKBID's discretion. Whilst BLOCKBID intends for BLOCKBID tokens and the Platform to follow the path detailed in the whitepaper and 
roadmap, and to take commercially reasonable steps toward those objectives, BLOCKBID may need to make changes to the specifications of the tokens or the 
Platform. This could mean that the Platform or our tokens, as further developed and maintained, may not meet your expectations at the time of purchase. Furthermore, 
despite BLOCKBID's best efforts to develop and maintain the Platform, it is still possible that the Platform will experience malfunctions or otherwise fail to be
adequately developed or maintained, which may negatively impact the Platform and the utility of BLOCKBID tokens. You understand that while BLOCKBID will make 
reasonable efforts to complete the Platform on time, on budget and as otherwise specified, due to circumstances beyond BLOCKBID's control it is possible that this 
may not occur.  



RISK OF LOSING ACCESS TO BLOCKBID TOKENS DUE TO LOSS OF PRIVATE KEYS OR PASSWORDS 
BLOCKBID tokens may be stored in a wallet or vault, which can only be accessed with a password selected by you. The wallet will hold a private key, or a combination 
of private keys, required to control movement of your BLOCKBID tokens. Any loss of required private keys or passwords will also result in loss of your tokens. 

You must safely store your password in one or more backup locations that are separated from primary location. If you do not have such experience or expertise, then 
you should not participate in the crowdfunding event. Any third party that gains access to your private key may be able to gain access to your BLOCKBID tokens. You 
must take care not to respond to any inquiry regarding your BLOCKBID tokens, including but not limited to, email requests purportedly coming from BLOCKBID or a 
similar lookingwebsite or domain name. BLOCKBID disclaims all responsibility for loss, destruction, loss of access or data loss relating to issues with private keys or 
passwords. 

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE ETHEREUM AND BITCOIN PROTOCOL 
As BLOCKBID TOKENS are based on cryptocurrency protocols, any malfunction, unexpected functioning, forking, breakdown or abandonment of the Ethereum 
protocol may have material adverse effects on the functioning of the Exchange Platform, including, but not limited to, impacting your ability to transfer or securely 
store BLOCKBID tokens. Such impact could adversely affect the value of BLOCKBID tokens. Advances in cryptography, or technical advances such as the 
development of quantum computing, could present risks to BLOCKBID tokens and the Platform by rendering the cryptographic consensus mechanism ineffective. 

RISKS OF MINING ATTACKS 
As with other decentralized cryptographic tokens based on the Ethereum ERC-20 protocol, BLOCKBID tokens are susceptible to attacks by miners in the course of 
validating BLOCKBID token transactions on the Ethereum blockchain, including, but not limited to, double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, selfish-mining 
attacks and race condition attacks. Any successful attacks present a risk to the functionality and value of BLOCKBID tokens. 

RISK OF HACKING, CYBER THREATS AND SECURITY WEAKNESSES 
Hackers, individuals, other malicious groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with the Exchange Platform or BLOCKBID tokens in a variety of ways, including, 
but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. Hackers, individuals, other groups or 
organizations may attempt to steal BTC, ETH, BLOCKBID or other digital assets during or after the Token Generation Event, thus potentially impacting the ability of 
BLOCKBID to develop the Exchange Platform. To account for this risk, BLOCKBID has and will continue to implement comprehensive security precautions to 
safeguard the BTC and ETH obtained from the sale of BLOCKBID tokens. Multi-factor security measures and audit procedures will be taken to protect 
cryptocurrencies, and our tokens. To the extent possible, BLOCKBID plans to continuously incorporate additional security measures, but it cannot predict the future of 
cryptography or the success of any future security updates.  

RISK ASSOCIATED WITH MARKETS AND EXCHANGES 
BLOCKBID tokens are intended to be used solely as digital discount vouchers on the BLOCKBID Exchange Platform. However, trading of BLOCKBID tokens may also 
be facilitated by third party exchanges, and such exchanges may be unreliable and lack regulatory oversight, making them susceptible to fraud or manipulation. 
Furthermore, to the extent that third parties ascribe a value to BLOCKBID okens, such value diminish to zero. If you chose to buy, sell or store our tokens on exchanges, 
including BLOCKBID, it is at your own risk. The closure or temporary shutdown of third party exchanges may reduce confidence in both the BLOCKBID Exchange 
Platform and BLOCKBID tokens, and result reduced utility and value of BLOCKBID tokens. 

RISK OF UNINSURED AND TRANSACTION LOSSES
Unlike cash reserves held in bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, BLOCKBID tokens will be uninsured unless you specifically obtain private 
insurance. Cryptographic token transactions are generally not reversible without the consent and active participation of both parties involved. Once a transaction has 
been verified and recorded in a blockchain, an incorrect transfer or theft may not be reversible and there will be no compensation provided by BLOCKBID or any 
government agency. Such loss could adversely affect the value of all BLOCKBID tokens.  

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH UNCERTAIN REGULATORY ENVIRONMENTS OR ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS 
The regulatory status of the cryptographic tokens, blockchain and distributed ledger technology is unclear or unsettled in many jurisdictions. It is not possible to 
predict how, if or when regulatory agencies may implement changes to laws surrounding blockchain technology and blockchain related companies and systems. 
BLOCKBID may cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event that regulatory actions, or changes to law or regulation, renders it illegal to operate in such jurisdiction, or 
commercially undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals to operate in such jurisdiction. The Platform and BLOCKBID could be impacted by regulatory 
enquiries or action, which could impede or limit the ability of BLOCKBID to continue to operate the Platform. Political or economic crises may motivate heavy selling of 
BLOCKBID tokens, which would reduce their value. 

RISKS ARISING FROM TAXATION 
The tax characterization of BLOCKBID okens is uncertain in many jurisdictions. You must seek your own tax advice in connection with purchasing and selling 
BLOCKBID tokens, which may result in adverse tax consequences to you, including but not limited to withholding taxes, income taxes and tax reporting requirements. 
You bear the sole responsibility for any taxation requirements, in purchasing, using, holding and selling BLOCKBID tokens.  

EXCHANGE PLATFORM RISKS 
It is possible that alternative platforms could establish similarly attractive features, thus increasing competition and reducing market share. It is possible that the 
Platform will not be used by sufficiently large number individuals. BLOCKBID cannot predict the success of its own marketing or development efforts, or the efforts or 
behaviour of third parties. 

RISK ARISING FROM LACK OF OWNERSHIP AND POTENTIAL DISSOLUTION OF BLOCKBID 
As ownership of a BLOCKBID token confers no governance rights or ownership of any kind with respect to the Platform or BLOCKBID, all decisions involving the 
Platform will be made by BLOCKBID at its sole discretion, including, but not limited to, decisions to discontinue the Platform, make acquisitions, form alliances, or to 
sell or liquidate BLOCKBID PTY LTD. 

RISKS INVOLVING CLOUD STORAGE 
The Platform may be susceptible to a number of risks related to the storage of data in the cloud. Such data may include large amounts of sensitive personal and/or 
proprietary information, which could become compromised in the event of a cyber attack or other malicious activity. The Platform may be interrupted and files may 
become temporarily unavailable in the event of such activity. As customers may use a variety of hardware and software that interfaces with the Platform, there is the 
risk that the Platform or parts thereof may become unavailable or be interrupted.  

CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS OFTEN EXPERIENCE REDUCTIONS IN VALUE 
BLOCKBID tokens are not intended to represent any form of investment. Possible reduction in value of BLOCKBID tokens is compounded by price volatility it 
currencies used to purchase BLOCKBID tokens. You should be prepared for potential loss in value. BLOCKBID, its directors, officers, agents, advisors or shareholders 
are not liable for any losses or any special, incidental, or consequential damages arising from, or in any way connected to, the purchase, sale, use or storage of 
BLOCKBID tokens. 

UNANTICIPATED RISKS AND OTHER RISKS NOT LISTED 
Cryptographic tokens such are a new and relatively untested technology. In addition to the risks noted above, there are other risks associated with your swapping of 
Ethereum for BLOCKBID tokens that BLOCKBID cannot anticipate. Such risks may further materialise as unanticipated variations or combinations of the risks set out 
above. BLOCKBID has endeavoured to list all current and foreseeable risks however there is a possibility that reasonably foreseeable risks have been inadvertently 
omitted. You agree to accept all responsibility for these risks. 


