














































White Paper_en


BOATPILOT
WHITE PAPER



Table of contents

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

Table of contents

Caution Concerning Forward Looking Statements

Abstract

BoatPilot in the marine navigation market
   — Shortcomings of current marine navigation systems
   — BoatPilot solution

How does BoatPilot work?

Release and distribution of NAVY tokens
   — Project's functionality and composition based 
       on the volume of funds raised
   — Token distribution during the TGE

Using NAVY tokens and Token Economics
   — Using tokens
   — Token economics
   — Ways to purchase NAVY

Roadmap
   — Current state
   — Project development plan

International yachting market
   — Europe
   — International market
   — Regional composition of the electronic marine cartography market
   — Major players and competitors
   — Business model comparison

Team
   — Founders and developers
   — Advisers
   — Partners

Links

2

3

4

6
6
9

10

12
13

15

17
17
19
20

21
21
22

25
25
26
28
30
32

33
33
36
39

40



3

Caution Concerning Forward
Looking Statements

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

Our public communications, including this White Paper, may contain 
“forward-looking statements” – that is, statements related to future, not past, events. 
In this context, forward-looking statements often address our expected future 
business and financial performance, and often contain words such as “expect,” 
“anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “seek,” “see,” “will,” “would,” “estimate,” 
or “forecast.”
 
These forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates concerning 
the timing and success of strategies, plans or intentions. We have based these 
forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about 
future events. While we consider these expectations and assumptions to be 
reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, 
competitive, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of 
which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control and could 
cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performance or 
achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
 
Readers should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. We 
undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to conform to 
actual results or changes in our expectations, unless required by applicable law. 



4

Abstract

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

BoatPilot is the first, free integrated marine navigation service with augmented 
reality capabilities for private and commercial yachting markets.

PRECISE NAVIGATION INFORMATION 

BoatPilot allows yachtsmen to easily track marine routes and access the most 
relevant information on coastal objects; including charts, navigation signs, reference 
data, maritime laws and regulations in a specific region. The cloud-based 
infrastructure allows BoatPilot users to add and update the existing database and 
generate relevant content, which is checked and supported by other members in the 
yachting community. This structure leads to creating the most complete and precise 
navigation information database in the world. In addition to general information 
about coastal objects and services, BoatPilot also includes professional comments, 
photos, and sketches.

AUGMENTED REALITY FUNCTION

BoatPilot supports an augmented reality (AR) function, which allows the skipper to 
use AR glasses to see all necessary data incorporated into actual surroundings, and 
avoid distractions by the traditional dash. This feature is especially useful during poor 
visibility conditions, or at night.

FREE TO USERS

BoatPilot is completely free to all end users. Unlike most existing marine navigation 
systems on the market, our product is uniquely developed for private yachtsmen and 
small yachting businesses. It is not an updated, or reworked, version of military or 
large commercial navigation systems.



5

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

ADVERTISING

BoatPilot is more than just a marine navigation tool, although navigation is definitely 
its main feature. BoatPilot is a marketplace that provides businesses of any size – 
from large brands to small seaside restaurants – effective and convenient access to 
the international yachting market, which is estimated to reach $74.7 billion
by 20221. Best of all, BoatPilot advertising works even when the user has no internet 
access.

WE PLAN TO:

•become the world’s leading marine navigation solution for mobile devices 
(phones and tablets), and built-in navigation systems produced by equipment 
manufacturers;
•provide the yachting industry a convenient and fully functional platform to 
advertise products and services in a market estimated to be worth over $200 billion 
annually.

BoatPilot is not an abstract concept. It is an existing and functioning product. By 
late 2017, the service was released on Android.

1 http://www.strategyr.com/MarketResearch/Yacht_Yachting_Industry_Market_Trends.asp

BoatPilot is essentially Google Maps and TripAdvisor in one 
program, with no other product like it in the world.

(phones and tablets), and built-in navigation systems produced by equipment 
manufacturers;

advertise products and services in a market estimated to be worth over $70 billion 
annually.



6

BoatPilot in the marine
navigation market

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

SHORTCOMINGS OF CURRENT MARINE NAVIGATION SYSTEMS 

Private yachting has grown steadily over the last 20-25 years. Yet there has been no 
concerted effort to develop a navigation product aimed specifically at private 
yachtsmen.

There are a handful of marine navigation systems that are popular among users — 
Navionics and MaxSea for example — but they lack a mobile device component. 
The original systems, created largely for use by military and commercial fleets, were 
quickly modified to fit the needs of the civilian yachting industry. Such “adapted” 
versions contain unnecessary information, lack a user-friendly interface, and often 
do not relay practical information on nearby marinas, fueling stations, services, and 
restaurants.

The systems available today have two fundamental shortcomings.

First, current marine navigation systems do not fully address the unique needs of 
the largest fleet in the world — private yachtsmen, and small yachting charter 
companies. 



7

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

1. National hydrographic agency

2. Chart aggregator (only 3-4 in the world)

This process results in untimely delivery, or complete loss, of crucial information. It 
sometimes takes years for objects to be added, changed or moved. For example, in 
the Mediterranean region alone there are dozens of known marinas and lighthouses 
that are not included in any of the navigation systems currently available.

Second, and closely related to the first, the current systems do not feature regular 
updates of seaports and other known large objects. As a result, outdated 
information is slow to reach users.  Below is an outline of typical marine chart 
updates:

3.  Software developer

4. Navigation system manufacturer

5.   Annual or semi-annual updates on a physical data 
carrier (for built-in systems), or rare and sporadic 

updates for mobile devices



8

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

The biggest issue is there are countless built-in onboard systems that are not 
compatible with each other. Many require users to install branded navigation 
software that are simply a modification of a similar program. Manufacturers also 
introduce small changes to their products, making them incompatible with 
competitor systems. This divides the yachting community into various system users, 
and inhibits communication and exchange of important navigation information. As a 
result, skippers find themselves tied to a specific onboard navigation brand, despite 
the fact that most of the available software actually operates on the universal 
navigation standard for all marine electronics communication – NMEA.

Summarizing the above-mentioned, skippers and yachtsmen encounter issues 
due to a lack of currently available systems designed specifically for the needs 
of the largest fleet in the world – the private and charter yachting sectors. 
Existing navigation solutions migrated from professional platforms of the 
military and commercial fleets, and do not support many functions important 
for the private and charter users, nor do they offer options to deliver relevant 
updates quickly. Additionally, each user is tied to a specific navigation brand 
and limited by that brand’s functionality, with no efficient way to exchange 
information with other users. In turn, hardware manufacturers do not have an 
opportunity to choose between different software options because the market 
is controlled by two or three companies, with no universal solutions currently 
available. To this day, the most precise sources of information are considered 
to be paper maps catalogues, which are manually updated every season. We 
believe this situation is biased, and intend to change it in the near future.



9

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

BOATPILOT SOLUTION

BoatPilot was developed specifically for the private yachting sector. Unlike other 
marine navigation solutions, which receive chart information from an existing 
database, BoatPilot allows users to send updated information to the server. 

Each BoatPilot user can update existing charts and create new ones. The more users 
participate and sail, the more exact BoatPilot’s database becomes. In fact, BoatPilot 
testing revealed that our program provides more precise information than other 
marine navigation systems that have been on the market for years. For example, 
BoatPilot’s program includes recently updated information on more than 100 
geo-locations in the Mediterranean, that are not included with competitor systems. 

Detailed information about the technical aspects of BoatPilot can be found here. 

https://www.boatpilot.io/docs/BoatPilot_Yellow_Paper_EN.pdf


10

How does BoatPilot work?

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

BoatPilot consists of three components — hardware and software:
1. BoatPilot navigation 
2. Pocket Skipper service app
3. BoatGod hardware module developed to collect data from onboard systems 

BoatPilot combines navigation functions, while Pocket Skipper supports all 
additional services, such as brokerage (listing vessels for sale or rent, based on 
specific parameters), marina rental, sailing companion search and tour proposals, 
and other capabilities discussed in greater detail later in this report.

While BoatPilot and Pocket Skipper are the software components, BoatGod is the 
hardware side of the project. This module connects directly to the onboard system of 
any vessel, collects marine data, and transfers it via Wi-Fi. BoatGod enables precise 
collection of data, which is then used to update marine navigation charts. 

BoatPilot is based on unique software components described in detail below. Each 
component will function as part of our system, and can be used as a ready-made 
solution by other marine navigation manufacturers and marine chart aggregators.

•Vector geo-navigation information optimization module can be used on mobile 
devices with limited computing capabilities and storage space. The module can be 
used within a cluster.
•High-load cloud server platform for collaborative work on gridding, with 
arbitrary data structure and geo-data ranking and indexing functions. 
•Cloud server platform for real-time collection and visualization of main marine 
indicators (coordinates, speeds, and routes) of vessels equipped with geo-location 
GPS and GLONASS devices, as well as a server for storing and 
cloud-synchronizing this data.

devices with limited computing capabilities and storage space. The module can be 
used within a cluster.

indicators (coordinates, speeds, and routes) of vessels equipped with geo-location 
GPS and GLONASS devices, as well as a server for storing and 
cloud-synchronizing this data.

arbitrary data structure and geo-data ranking and indexing functions. 



Currently, there are no direct analogues or competing integrated solutions on 
the market. Innovations that will be used in our project will affect not only the 
end-users of marine navigation systems, but also navigation equipment 
manufacturers. See more details in the Yellow Paper. 

11

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

•Innovative wireless hardware module BoatGod for iOS and Android platforms 
designed to work with the vessel's onboard systems based on the NMEA standard, 
which allows receiving information from all of the vessel's devices and, if necessary, 
controlling them. BoatGod is also capable of aggregating geo-information from 
various systems, like the vessel's sonar, to compile updated charts.
•Augmented reality navigation system, which allows the skipper to avoid 
distractions of the dash, as well as receive tips on waterways, trajectory, danger 
signs, radio-channels, etc. This is especially important while navigating at night or in 
bad weather conditions. 

designed to work with the vessel's onboard systems based on the NMEA standard, 
which allows receiving information from all of the vessel's devices and, if necessary, 
controlling them. BoatGod is also capable of aggregating geo-information from 
various systems, like the vessel's sonar, to compile updated charts.

distractions of the dash, as well as receive tips on waterways, trajectory, danger 
signs, radio-channels, etc. This is especially important while navigating at night or 
in bad weather conditions. 

https://www.boatpilot.io/docs/BoatPilot_Yellow_Paper_EN.pdf


12

Release and distribution
of NAVY tokens

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

In July of 2017 the fully functional of BoatPilot was released on Google Play to assess 
demand for this product among yachtsmen and skippers. Our goal was to gain 
insight and   determine BoatPilot’s potential to occupy a large portion of the marine 
navigation marketplace.

Over 50,000 users have downloaded Android version of BoatPilot since its release, 
with no substantial marketing efforts. 

BoatPilot maintains a stable user base that includes thousands of yachtsmen around 
the Mediterranean. During the record-breaking 2017 season, BoatPilot navigated 
over 4,700 yachts. Considering that an average yacht costs approximately 
$250,000, we can assume that we’ve been trusted with over $1.2 billion in 
property by our current users.

Our research insights, and Android application test results, clearly establish market 
demand for BoatPilot. In addition to constructive comments, our team secured 
BoatPilot's first contracts with charter and service agencies.

To raise funds for BoatPilot’s future development, we are launching a Token 
Generation Event (TGE), to offer NAVY tokens to the general public. The financial 
model, which you can review here, assumes two possible courses of development 
and functionalities of BoatPilot. Both are based on the amount of funds raised through 
the TGE:

Soft Cap – $3,920,000
Hard Cap – $9,850,000

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.piratas.boatpilot.eu
https://www.boatpilot.io/docs/BoatPilot_Business_Overview_EN.pdf


13

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

PROJECT'S FUNCTIONALITY AND COMPOSITION BASED ON THE 
VOLUME OF FUNDS RAISED 

Composition/functionality

Marine navigation for iOS and Android by region:

AR support

Pocket Skipper app for booking marinas,
yachts, etc. by region: 

BoatGod module for corporate clients
(data collection from onboard systems)

BoatGod for private clients
(navigation systems control via a mobile device)

Europe

North and South America

Asia Pacific

Europe

North and South America

Asia Pacific

Soft Cap
$3,920,000

Hard Cap
$9,850,000



14

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

The TGE will be launched in two stages — closed pre-sale and open main sale. 
During the pre-sale stage, BoatPilot will engage with private investors (friends & 
family), funds and large market players. The minimum amount of NAVY tokens 
purchased during the pre-sale stage is $25,000 (equivalent in ETH, BTC, BCH, 
LTC). There are provisions for bonuses reaching up to 50% or 100% of tokens 
purchased, and will be discussed on an individual basis. 

The second stage of the TGE will be open to the public (with restrictions in certain 
jurisdictions2) – anyone from cryptocurrency enthusiasts, to yachting professionals is 
welcome to participate. 

During NAVY token emission, we will use fairly standard distribution conditions 
which are currently engaged in many TGEs. 
•The major portion of tokens released will be used to ensure further financing of 
BoatPilot in development, geo-data collection, marketing, promotion, etc.
•Bonus tokens for early investors will also be released. For example, a 20% bonus 
will be added to the first batch of tokens (more details on this below). 
•A portion of the tokens will be reserved for project founders and team members, 
   and will only be available after full release of BoatPilot on iOS and Android
    (Q4 2018). As well as full chart coverage of the Mediterranean region. 
•1.5% of the tokens emitted will be reserved for the first payments to all BoatPilot
    users who send us their geo-data. You can see a detailed geo-data mining map
     and how to receive your reward tokens under the Using NAVY Tokens section.

The pre-sale will begin on January 9, 2018 and last until March 31, 2018.
The main sale will begin on April 1, 2018 and last until April 30, 2018. You can 
read all the details about the pre-sale and the main sale in our Token Sale Policy.

BoatPilot in development, geo-data collection, marketing, promotion, etc.

will be added to the first batch of tokens (more details on this below).

2 The main sale will be held in the United State under Rule 506(c) of Regulation D of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1933; NAVY tokens 
will be available for purchase in the United States by accredited investors only.

https://www.boatpilot.io/docs/BoatPilot_Token_Policy_EN.pdf


15

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

•Finally, to ensure a successful TGE launch, a number of tokens will be allocated 
for and distributed among our advisers. As well as all those who helped promote the 
TGE and secure relevant media coverage.  

The TGE open stage includes a bonus structure that will be offered to the first 
purchasers of NAVY tokens. The earlier tokens are purchased, the greater the bonus.

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION DURING THE TGE

for and distributed among our advisers. As well as all those who helped promote 
the TGE and secure relevant media coverage.  



16

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

If the Soft Cap is not reached during the TGE, all investments made will be returned. 
The TGE will end automatically when the Hard Cap is reached. It is likely that the 
funds raised during the entire TGE will be in the range between the Soft and Hard 
Caps, in which case our team will do everything possible to develop the 
functionalities outlined under the Hard Cap goal. As soon as the final amount of 
funds raised is available, a detailed action plan will be issued via a press release. 

BoatPilot aims to ensure complete transparency and accuracy in its approach to 
all investments made during the TGE, and at later development stages. 



17

Using NAVY tokens and
Token Economics

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

USING TOKENS

Marine charts need to be updated most frequently and are the basis of our project. 
BoatPilot updates all current charts utilizing the geo-data that is sent by those users 
who have the BoatGod module installed on their vessels. 

All of the updated geo-data is stored in a special intermediary storage called the 
Geo-Pool. We will use NAVY tokens to reward all people who send us their 
geo-data – the more data users send us, the more tokens they will receive. To 
understand clearly, you can think about it as NAVY token mining – you sail around 
the world collecting geo-data, and get rewarded with NAVY. This is a win-win 
situation – the project constantly receives updated navigation data, 
yachtsmen-miners get our tokens, while all other users get access to most up to date 
navigation information. The size of the NAVY rewards will be determined 
dynamically and published on our sites: www.boatpilot.me and www.boatpilot.io.

Our team has allocated a special NAVY fund to start the geo-data mining program 
(Project Ecosystem – 1.5% of the entire emission). This will be enough to start with, but 
we anticipate that the reserve will be spent quite fast. After the fund is depleted, we 
will start the second stage of the program – buying out NAVY tokens from 
exchanges3.

The project architecture is set up in such a way that we will not be able to use the 
geo-data received from users until we send them the tokens they deserve. Since data 
is the key and most valuable part of the project, we are highly interested in being 
able to use the geo-data collected by our users. This is why we will continue to buy 
out the tokens – only this way can we reward BoatPilot community for its data. 

3 We plan to list NAVY tokens on multiple exchanges. No promises can be made as to when exactly or if it will happen. As soon as we 
  have an agreement with an exchange, we will post the news on our website and issue a press-release.
 



18

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

When users register, they include their Ethereum wallet address where the mined 
tokens will be send 1-2 days after the user clicks “Redeem NAVY”.

Using NAVi tokens within the project



19

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

TOKEN ECONOMICS

The more actively the tokens are used within the project, the greater is the potential for 
NAVY rate growth. BoatPilot has a very simple growth model:

We commit to invest 10% to 15% of all BoatPilot marketing profits to buy out NAVY 
tokens from cryptocurrency exchanges. A part of the bought out tokens (25%) will be 
burned, while the other part will be used within the project ecosystem and to reward 
NAVI miners for their geo-data.

This means that a) we will buy out tokens from exchanges in proportion to the 
company’s growth; b) we will sign more contracts with charter companies that install 
BoatGod on their vessels, and cover more regions in order to get more mined 
geo-data, in return raising the number of NAVY bought out from exchanges. This will 
ensure the constant demand for our token and raise its price.

Additionally, we will burn between a quarter and a third of bought out tokens in order 
to lower the circulating volume of NAVY tokens, raising the demand and NAVY market 
price. 



20

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

WAYS TO RECEIVE THE TOKENS

You can get NAVY tokens by doing one of the following:
•Purchase NAVY during the Token Generation Event. During the early stages of the
   TGE you can receive the most bonus tokens (50% to 100%). The main sale will
    be held April 1 to April 30, 2018 and will offer a bonus of up to 20%.
•Geo-mine NAVY. In order to do this you will need to install BoatGod on your
    vessel or rent a vessel with installed BoatGod modile and share your geo-data. 
     The more geo-data we receive, the more NAVY tokens you will get. 
•Purchase NAVY on cryptocurrency exchanges that agree to list NAVY (as soon as
    we have an agreement with an exchange, we will post the news on our website
     and issue a press-release). As the project moves forwards, you will be able to see
 a regularly updated list of exchanges at www.boatpilot.io and
    www.boatpilot.me. 



21

Roadmap

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

CURRENT STATE

Following more than two years of active work on BoatPilot, our results include:
•Over 50,000 downloads of BoatPilot on Google Play.
•The fastest growing audience in the yachting industry.
•Highly targeted audience with unique parameters that are available to     
advertisers. Parameters vary from the type of vessel, to number of miles sailed, and 
include current geographical location. 
•Signed agreements with several charter and service companies.
•Exclusive rights to book over 13,000 vessels in Europe from over 1,000 
participating companies. 
•World’s first, free marine navigation program with highly developed functions 
and regular, timely updates.
•Full coverage of the Mediterranean3 with the most precise database, with nearly 
twice as many marinas listed in BoatPilot than in other marine navigation programs 
(350 versus 180).

4 This region amounts to 25% of electronic cartography market based on MarketsandMarkets™ research.
 

advertisers. Parameters vary from the type of vessel, to number of miles sailed, and 
include current geographical location. 

twice as many marinas listed in BoatPilot than in other marine navigation programs 
(4,000 versus 1,800).

participating companies.

and regular, timely updates.



PROJECT DEVELOPMENT PLAN

22

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

SOFT CAP

2nd quarter of 2018
Open a physical office location and form a 
sales department in Europe

2nd quarter of 2018
Release of the final version of BoatPilot on 
App Store

Release of Pocket Skipper for Europe on 
App Store and Google Play

3rd quarter of 2018
Begin BoatGod module delivery to 
corporate clients in Europe

4th quarter of 2018
Develop BoatPilot boxed alpha-version 
(protected smart-tablet and BoatGod 
module)

2nd quarter of 2018



BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

HARD CAP

1st quarter of 2019
Release of charts for North and South 
America

2nd quarter of 2019
Open a physical office location and form a 
sales department in the Americas

2nd quarter of 2019
Release of the BoatGod module for private 
client

3rd quarter of 2019
Release of Pocket Skipper for the Americas 
on App Store and Google Play

3rd quarter of 2019
Update European regional charts with 
detailed depth information

3rd quarter of 2019
Release BoatPilot boxed version

23



BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

4th quarter of 2019
Develop alpha-version of AR supported 
BoatPilot

4th quarter of 2019
Begin licensed sales to third parties for 
BoatPilot chart usage

1st quarter of 2020
Release charts for the Asia Pacific region

2nd quarter of 2020
Open a physical office location and form a 
sales department in Asia Pacific

3rd quarter of 2020
Release of Pocket Skipper for Asia Pacific 
on App Store and Google Play

4th quarter of 2020
Release final version of AR supported 
BoatPilot

4th quarter of 2020
Update regional charts with detailed depth 
information for the Americas

2nd-4th quarters of 2021
Possible BoatPilot Initial Public Offering

24



25

International yachting market

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

EUROPE

5 Unless noted otherwise, here and further information is quoted from Electronic Cartography Market. By Application (Marine – Commercial 
and Defense, Aviation – Commercial and Defense), Components (Systems, Charts), Marine Electronic Navigation Systems (ECDIS, ECS), 
Aviation Electronic Navigation Systems (Very Large Aircrafts, Wide Body Aircrafts, Narrow Body Aircrafts), Marine Electronic Charts 
Licensing Mode (PAYS, Direct), Geography (APAC, Europe, North America, South America, Middle East and Africa). Forecast and Analysis, 
2014-2020.

BoatPilot was first released in Europe. According to MarketsandMarkets4, the 
current European yachting charter business is valued at $13 billion, and is estimated 
to increase to $13.6 billion by 2020. BoatPilot received rights to book over 13,000 
yachts from more than 1,000 operators in Europe since May 2016, making our 
project one of the leading players in this segment. 



26

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

Currently, the European yachting market exceeds $20 billion, with the share of 
commercial marine cartography in Europe being approximately $154 million in 
2015. It is projected that by 2020 the marine cartography segment will reach $166 
million. On the other hand, the total volume of the European yachting advertising 
market is estimated at $100 million as of the year 2014. Don't forget that BoatPilot is 
also a powerful advertising platform with a very targeted and affluent audience. 

By 2019 we plan to: 
•Secure 2.5% of the electronic cartography marine market due to chart licensing
•Secure 1.5% of the advertising market due to geo-targeted advertisement sales

INTERNATIONAL MARKET



27

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

Valued at $200 billion with an active target audience of 1.4 million yachtsmen, the 
Americas and Asia Pacific are two largest yachting regions outside Europe.   

While the entire international electronic cartography market grows at a rate of 
1.46% annually, the fastest growing sub-regions are Asia (CAGR 3.36%) and Latin 
America (CAGR 3.30%). Between 2013 and 2016 the international electronic 
cartography market has enjoyed a steady growth rate, and according to 
MarketsandMarkets™ will amount to $717 million by the year 2020 (1.84% CAGR 
for 2014-2020 years).

The main growth drivers of the international commercial marine electronic 
cartography market are: 
•increased demand for transport vessels
•regulations by the International Maritime Organization (IMO), which directly 
oblige yacht owners to update equipment and charts in a timely manner
•the need for high-precision charts and their regular updating – bringing marine 
charts to the standards of popular auto-navigators

In the event that the TGE reaches the Hard Cap goal, within the first three years we 
plan to not only fully cover the European yachting market, but enter and support the 
markets of the Americas and Asia Pacific. Fully covering the market means:
•availability of updated charts with onshore objects
•presence of an advertising sales office for large brands
•active sales of geo-targeted advertising
•release of Pocket Skipper version with regional support (yacht rental, marina 
booking, etc.)

oblige yacht owners to update equipment and charts in a timely manner

charts to the standards of popular auto-navigators

booking, etc.)



According to MarketsandMarkets™ forecasts, by the year 2020 Asia Pacific will 
take up the largest share (43%) of the cartography marine market and will grow at 
the highest rate of 2.91% between 2014 and 2020. In monetary terms, this is an 
increase from $265 million in 2016 to $308 million in 2020. Such steady growth 
can be explained by the overall high rate of economic development in the region.

28

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

REGIONAL COMPOSITION OF THE ELECTRONIC MARINE 
CARTOGRAPHY MARKET



The North American market will show a more modest growth rate of 0.76%, and will 
amount to $167 million by the year 2020. Tthe main growth driver in this region will 
be the increase in the use of the Panama Canal and overall marine traffic.

The European market will grow from $150 million in 2014 to $166 million in 2020 
(CAGR 1.64%). Europe has the most favorable conditions for the development of 
navigation and cartography technologies, due to the fact that almost 90% of its 
foreign trade is carried out by sea.

29

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper



Being that 63% of the marine cartography market is controlled by only eight 
companies, it can be easily considered an oligopoly. The three key players are 
Jeppesen (18%), Transas Marine (12%), and Navionics (8%).

30

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

MAJOR PLAYERS AND COMPETITORS



31

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

Jeppesen
Providing integrated solutions in the field of marine navigation, Jeppesen is a major 
player in the marine cartography market. This company releases charts for 
chartplotters, mobile devices and navigators; and has its own marine alarms center, 
weather forecast, and aviation navigation solutions. Not long ago Jeppesen entered 
into a long-term partnership with the aircraft manufacturer Eclipse Aerospace and 
The Flynas of Saudi Arabia airline. Additionally, it is a member of an alliance that 
includes the non-profit organization The Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association.

Transas Marine
This market player is part of The Transas Group – one of the leaders in the field of 
marine software and equipment. Transas Marine produces onboard systems for 
vessels, marine charts and information services, training programs, as well as traffic 
monitoring systems for ports and shipyards.

Navionics
Having the large client database and marine charts database, as well as its own 
chartplotter software solutions, this market leader was bought out by Garmin Ltd. in 
late October of 2017. Navionics regularly updates its databases, allowing users to 
download them for an additional cost.  



32

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

BUSINESS MODEL COMPARISON

BoatPilot Navionics iSailor

App functions online,
as well as offline when
Internet connection is
unavailable

Charts are based
on nreal data that is
updated by users

Cost of use

Integrating with
onboard systems

Charts are loaded and
updated automatically when
the app is started. Can be
used offline.

Works with previously
loaded charts only.
User routes can be saved.
GPS-positioning.

Navigation using an on-board
GPS module. Users can view
weather forecast while offline.

Charts are constantly updated
using data from onboard
systems, and can then be edited
or added to by users. 

Users can suggest updates
and additions.

Users can add objects to charts
but cannot edit existing objects.

Completely free. App costs between $5
and $50, depending
on options.

Basic app is free, but charts
and main functions cost varies
between $5 and $100.

BoatGod module collects
data from onboard
systems and can be used to
control them, if necessary

No integration option
with onboard systems.

Despite the fact that the company
produces onboard systems,
they cannot be integrated with
the navigation software. 



33

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

TEAM
Founders and developers

Artem Borodin (CEO)

Foreign exchange markets senior analyst and department 
assistant director at the brokerage house Currencies 
Managers LLC, Artem was responsible for development 
and implementation of sales strategies, as well as all client 
communication with potential private and corporate clients 
for a period of three years. Senior analyst and senior 
customer service associate of the Panama Consulting 
Company. Carried out business optimization processes for 
such companies as UPS and Verizon, integrating all 
company sub-divisions and branches to improve customer 
experience and lower company expenses. After moving to 
Panama, Artem was fascinated by yachting, which became 
his hobby and passion. His extensive experience in business 
management and love for sailing make him the perfect CEO 
for BoatPilot.  

Andrey Domaratsky (Founder, CMO)

Andrey has been professionally investing into IT projects 
since 2010. In 2011 he became one of the co-founders and 
marketing director of the yachting charter company Corsair 
Adventures. From 2012 to present is co-owner of Game 
Garden and has been holding the position of marketing 
director of the company – a mobile app developer, with the 
total number of installations of more than 24 million. At 
Game Garden, Andrey is responsible, among other things, 
for traffic acquisition and analytics. Sailed over 5 thousand 
miles around the Mediterranean region.



34

Dmitry Donskoy (Founder, COO)

Since 2011, co-founder, co-owner and director of the 
charter companies Corsair Adventures and North Sails 
Montenegro. From 2002 to 2008, director of Simcon – a 
company specializing in offshore programming. Yachtsman 
since 1998, Dmitry covered more than 10 thousand miles 
as a skipper in the Mediterranean and the Atlantic. For the 
last five years has been the director of the 
Montenegro-based investment company Simeon. 

Dmitry has extensive experience in investments in various 
types of yachting companies (service and exploitation), 
which has made him an expert in this area and given him a 
clear understanding of the state of affairs on the market of 
marine navigation, including its shortcomings and user 
needs. This gave Dmitry the opportunity to be at the 
intersection of IT and marine navigation theory, allowing 
him to clearly understand both yachtsmen navigation 
requirements and the needs of yacht-related businesses in 
convenient and effective advertising tools.

Vladimir Abramov (CTO)

Since 2008, software developer at Creative Technologies 
– developer of well-known solutions for e-commerce 
X-cart, Ecwid. A sailor since 2011, Vladimir is the author of 
the NMEA 2000 synchronization modules for GoFree 
products. Since 2012, worked for an integrator company 
engaged in development of individual navigation solutions 
based on the Simrad Simnet hardware components. Had 
the opportunity to thoroughly examine NMEA 2000 
protocols and their proprietary branches (Simnet and 
others). Passion for yachting gave him a deep 
understanding of all user requirements for marine 
navigation systems.

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper



35

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

Yury Cherepovsky (Head of Mobile Development)

After graduating from the Orlov State University with a 
degree in IT engineering, Yury began his career in IT and 
programming in 1986. Starting in 2000, has been 
professionally developing mobile apps and software as the 
technical producer and localization programmer for 
Snowball. In 2002 began working as the programmer and 
studio lead for Akella. Team lead for the development of the 
Mystery of the Third Planet game, as well as dozens of other 
popular mobile and computer games. In 2004 began 
working as the lead programmer for Combats.ru (widely 
known as Fight Club), later moving on to become CTO of 
the company. Having worked as lead programmer for Bolid 
between 2007 and 20010 received extensive experience 
with microcontrollers and low-level programming. From 
2010 to present head of mobile development at Game 
Garden. Heavily participated in the development of mobile 
games Fairy Farm, Pet Heroes: Puzzle Adventure, Family 
Town, Tales of Windspell, and others.

Cecile Marcy Dimitrijevic (PR, customer and partner 
support)

Professionally engaged in yachting since 2005, Cecil is the 
co-owner of a yachting charter and merchant companies. 
Resident of Porto Montenegro – full service marina located 
in the Bay of Kotor. Being a French native and fluent in four 
other languages, she's a representative of the largest 
yachting brands in the Adriatic region (Hanse Yachts, 
Simrad, Volvo Penta). As a co-owner of one of the leading 
yacht service companies in the region, Cecile is well versed 
in all the peculiarities of the yachting industry, and the needs 
of both businesses and end clients. Has a wide range of 
contacts in the industry, and for several years supported all 
communication of the BoatPilot team with key market 
players.  



TEAM
Advisers

36

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

Ivan Varat (Business Development Manager)

Specialist in the field of communication and client services, 
Ivan daily connects with BoatPilot existing and potential 
advertisers, ensuring that all their marketing needs within the 
platform are met. Having graduated from the Zagreb 
School of Economics and Management, Ivan has fifteen 
years of experience in customer relationship management, 
marketing, and PR. Croatian native, he’s fluent in English 
and Spanish.

Julie Plavnik (Chief Business Development Officer)

After graduating from Moscow State University holding a 
masters in Commercial Law, Julie went on to further her 
education at an advanced training course "Blockchain 
Project Development" at the Higher School of Economics. 
Co-founder of AKTIVO.ru – the first Russian online 
crowdfunding platform for commercial real estate 
investment. Co-founder of one of the first blockchain 
popularization platforms in Russia – International 
Blockchain Consulting Group (IBCG). At the moment IBCG 
is a major international conference and meet-up organizers 
devoted to blockchain projects. Currently, Julie is an active 
asset tokenization adviser of several IT projects.  



37

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

Yury Pomortsev (Chief Project Officer, expert in IT 
development) 

After graduating from Bauman Moscow State Technical 
University with a degree in Information Technology and 
Systems Administration, Yury tested his hand at journalism 
working for several leading Russian gaming publications. In 
2001, he became Publisher of the Gameland Media 
Company (magazines Game Land, Computer Gaming 
World RE, PC Games, etc). Organized two Gameland 
Award ceremonies in the field of computer and video 
gaming. Co-producer of several MTV Russia and 
Gameland TV gaming programs, including Video Games 
Icon, Virtuality, Teleport, Scarily Interesting, Without a 
Screw. 

In 2009, founded Game Garden, LLC. – well-known 
international mobile game developer and publisher. More 
than 15 games were developed and released with Yury’s 
direct participation. Many of these games have become 
international successes, including Fairy Farm, Farmdale, Pet 
Heroes: Puzzle Adventure, Fairy Kingdom and others. 
Repeatedly participated as an invited expert on radio and 
television industry shows, and is an active member of the 
jury of the Game Developers Conference Russia.



38

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

Andrew Rippon (Independent Blockchain Consultant)
Andrew Rippon has been involved in crypto currencies 
since 2012 when he authored early work on crypto to fiat 
exchanges. Today he is an independent Blockchain 
consultant, having recently been the Blockchain Lead at 
NXN, developing technology at the intersection of crypto 
currencies and the underlying utility of blockchain. Andrew 
is also involved in startups within the space, having advised 
several on technology development, hardening and 
governance. Recently Andrew has been advisor for Goal 
Bonanza, Fiduxa, Eggs and several other ICOs.



39

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

 

Partners

By late 2017 we’ve signed agreements with an array of international companies and 
regional representatives, and will provide a full list of partners in January of 2018 via 
a respective press release. We plan to sign several additional agreements during 
two industry shows– boot Düsseldorf and Dubai International Boat Show.

https://www.boat-duesseldorf.com
https://www.boatshowdubai.com


40

Links

BoatPilot ™   /   White Paper

Attention! Unfortunately, several cases of fraud are known to have taken place 
during token generation events. In order to protect our users and partners, we 
publish the below list of official sources, where you can find reliable and true 
information on the project. No other source claiming to possess knowledge on 
the project is indorsed by our team. We have not authorized anyone to discuss 
the project on our behalf or discuss investment in the project. You can also use the 
channels below to ask us any questions or show your concerns.

TGE official site: www.boatpilot.io
BoatPilot official site: www.boatpilot.me
GitHub Smart Contract: https://github.com/BoatPilotNAVI/TGE 
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/boatpilot.io
Twitter: https://twitter.com/boatpilot_io
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/24786211/
Telegram: 
•Main Channel: https://t.me/boatpilot 
•Project updates only: https://t.me/boatpilot_updates 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/boatpilotme/
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsChAFC0nQ6Xfx1gtNdPD5g
Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/BoatPilot/
BitcoinTalk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2802679.0




