






















 

 

The BOScoin Platform White Paper  

Initial Version: 20161101 / Current Version: 20170430 

Han-Kyul Park, Changki Park, Yezune Choi, Jake Hyunduk Choi 

BOScoin, the Self-Evolving Cryptocurrency Platform 

Abstract. ​The BOScoin platform is a decentralized self-evolving cryptocurrency 
that is built on Trust Contracts and an embedded decision making system called 
the Congress Network. (1) Trust Contracts are securely executable contracts based 
on a protocol layer called Owlchain, which consists of the Web Ontology Language 
and the Timed Automata Language. Trust Contracts aim to overcome the issues 
regarding non-decidable smart contracts by using a more contained and 
comprehensible programming framework which provides secure and decidable 
transactions of contracts. (2) The Congress Network is the decision making body in 
the BOScoin platform which solves governance issues arising in decentralized 
organizations. Through a clearly defined and automated governance system, we 
aim to continuously develop the community and software into a more anti-fragile 
ecosystem. 

 

1. Introduction 

a. Background 

The blockchain was first conceptualized in Satoshi Nakamoto’s white paper “Bitcoin: A 
Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System“ in 2008 . The technology was implemented the 1

following year as the central technology behind Bitcoin. Bitcoin uses blockchain technology 
as a financial transaction ledger where individuals publicly record transfers of currency. 
Bitcoin was the first of its kind to use the blockchain to successfully solve the double 
spending problem. Despite the absence of a centralized administrator, Bitcoin has 
successfully supported over 180 million peer-to-peer transactions and now has a market 
capitalization of more than 10 billion dollars. 

Following the success of Bitcoin, there have been numerous systems leveraging blockchain 
technology. There are hundreds of competing cryptocurrencies and according to a recent 
IBM report, more than 90% of banks are investing in blockchain technology . Currency 2

transactions are the most common applications of blockchain technology. However, some 
groups are also attempting to transfer and manage other kinds of digital assets using this 
technology, such as financial products and services, logistics information, property 

1Satoshi Nakamoto, ​Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System​, https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf 
2Leading the Pack in Blockchain Banking: Trailblazers Set the Pace​, 
https://www-01.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi-bin/ssialias?htmlfid=GBP03467USEN&  

1 



 

 

ownership, identity etc. 

The cryptocurrency Ethereum gained a lot of traction in 2016 and aims to provide smart 
contracts on the blockchain: “A blockchain with a built-in fully fledged Turing-complete 
programming language that can be used to create ‘contracts’ that can be used to encode 
arbitrary state transition functions."  3

The goal is to allow users to write any kind of program (or contract) onto the blockchain. 
Similar to Bitcoin, Ethereum uses the blockchain and a consensus mechanism to ensure that 
if a malicious node attempts to forge the content of the contract, the forged contract will 
eventually be removed from the blockchain. As Bitcoin ensures the integrity of the amount of 
Bitcoin being transferred between accounts, Ethereum must similarly ensure the integrity of 
the contract being executed. 

Smart contracts have the potential to be a paradigm shift in the development of decentralized 
applications. Programs that are not held on a centralized server, yet can run the same logic 
anywhere. Smart contracts can be used to develop: decentralized marketplaces, currency 
exchange platforms, and projects like Golem  which aim to create a decentralized worldwide 4

super-computer. 

However, the freedom and flexibility provided by the Turing-complete language which 
Ethereum is based on is the cause for several serious problems. We believe that using a 
turing-complete language may be inappropriate for writing smart contracts as they are 
inherently undecidable . Due to this undecidability issue, a smart contract based on a 5

Turing-complete language will make it difficult to know what a smart contract will do before 
running it. Ethereum attempts to overcome this issue by applying a cost to computational 
work (gas), however the inherent issue of the language used to program and execute smart 
contracts has inevitably led to a series of security vulnerabilities  and outright failed projects 6

such as The DAO . 7

b. Proposal 

Trust Contracts. ​BOScoin’s approach to the problem is to apply a domain-specific language 
which can be read easily by the average user and can demonstrate mathematically that the 
smart contract’s implementation is computationally decidable. Thus, with BOScoin we aim to 
develop a platform for ​Trust Contracts:​ securely executable contracts based on Owlchain 
technology. 

Additionally, through BOScoin we attempt to solve a number of commonly recurring issues 

3 Vitalik Buterin, ​Ethereum Whitepaper​, https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper 
4 ​Golem​, https://golem.network 
5 Hodges, Andrew​, Alan Turing: the enigma, ​London: Burnett Books, p. 111 
6 N. Atzei, M. Bartoletti, T. Cimoli, ​A survey of attacks on Ethereum smart contracts​, 
https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/1007.pdf 
7 ​The DAO​, https://slock.it/dao.html 

2 



 

 

related to cryptocurrencies. 

Governance. ​Decentralized systems lack a systematic decision making process. There have 
been several cases in the cryptocurrency space, where this led to confusion and substantial 
financial losses. BOScoin constitutes a governance system whereby node operators referred 
to as the Congress Network can participate in creating and voting on proposals in order to 
continuously improve the software and ecosystem. System changing proposals that are 
voted on the Congress Network and are accepted, are considered to have reached a ​social 
consensus​, and the changes in the proposal are automatically applied to the network. 
Another type of proposal is a funding proposal. These proposals are requests for funds from 
the Commons Budget and they are also voted upon by the Congress Network. BOScoin sets 
aside a large public budget specifically for the development of the BOScoin ecosystem 
through these proposals. 

Anti-centralizing Consensus Algorithm.​ Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, that only use a 
proof-of-work(PoW) type consensus protocol, are affected by issues arising from the 
non-separation of economic and political incentives. By buying up more mining hardware, a 
user can attain more control of the blockchain(political) and also increase their mining 
income(economic). BOScoin overcomes this issue by using a consensus 
mechanism(explained in more detail below) that separates economic incentives from political 
ones. Attaining either political power or economical wealth requires an investment into the 
system. A user can either acquire more votes by increasing the number of nodes(one 
operational node equals one congressional vote) or a user can invest in freezing and 
confirmation rewards(rewards relative to the amount of coins locked away in a node) to 
maximize mining income. 

Application Ecosystem.​ Decentralized currencies in many cases tend to become 
speculative islands with limited real applications. As we believe the value of a currency is 
intrinsically tied to how useful it is, the BOScoin team will release the coin with two 
ready-made apps that use BOScoin. The applications Stardaq and Delicracy have already 
been built and will not only increase the transactional value of the coin, but will also help 
acquire new users. 

Features Bitcoin Ethereum BOScoin 

Coins Bitcoin Ether BOScoin  

Core Features Financial 
Transactions 
(Bitcoin script) 

Smart Contracts 
(Solidity, Serpent, etc) 

Trust Contracts 
(OWL 2 profiles, SDLang, 
TAL) 

Decision Making 
Process 

Non-systematic Non-systematic Democratic Congress 
(One node = One vote) 

Consensus 
Algorithm 

Proof of Work Current: Proof of Work 
Future: Casper(?) 

Modified FBA(Federated 
Byzantine Agreement) 

Transaction Speed 7 tx/sec 25 tx/sec 1,000 tx/sec (target) 

3 



 

 

Block Interval 10 minutes 15 seconds 5 seconds 

Block Size 1 MB Dynamic Dynamic 
Fig 1. Comparison of Cryptocurrencies  

4 



 

 

2. Trust Contracts 
a. Overview 

BOScoin aims to use the Owlchain technology which consists of the Web Ontology 
Language(OWL)  and Timed Automata Language(TAL). This architecture is designed to 8

expand expressive power while retaining decidability to support secure and precise execution 
of contracts. These Owlchain based contracts on the BOScoin blockchain are called ​Trust 
Contracts​. 

Features Smart Contracts 
(Ethereum) 

Ricardian Contracts 
(R3CEV Corda) 

Trust Contracts 
(BOScoin) 

Programming 
Language 

LLL, Serpent, Solidity Ricardian Contract +  
Pure functions 

Owlchain 
(OWL* + TAL*) 

Decidability Undecidable with 
gas(fee) 

Undecidable 
(3rd party evaluation) 

Decidable(TAL) 

Blockchain type Permission-less Permission Permission-less 

Consensus PoW* Various mFBA* 

Contract Inference None None OWL Reasoning 

OWL*: Web Ontology Language 
TAL*: Timed Automata Language 
PoW*: Proof of Work 
mFBA*: modified Federated Byzantine Agreement 

 

Fig 2. Comparison of Blockchain-based Contracts 

b. Background 

There are two primary approaches to developing contracts on the blockchain. One is through 
using a flexible programming language on a virtual machine, the other is to use a slightly less 
flexible but decidable domain-specific language. The BOScoin team decided to go with the 
later. Unlike cryptocurrencies based on virtual machines, as the inference engine is based on 
the semantic web technology, it is possible to infer information from the code before the 
contract is run. The contract is decidable and the outcome of the contract clearly known. This 
is a key concept in building a secure and sustainable currency with contract features. 
Although Ethereum attempted to solve this issue by using market mechanisms and applying 
a price to complexity, we believe that the stricter OWL and TAL approach will provide a more 
secure environment for contracts on the blockchain.  

8 Web Ontology Language Reference​, https://www.w3.org/TR/owl-ref 

5 



 

 

c. Development 

Building upon standard Web technologies such HTML, HTTP, RDF and OWL which were 
used to serve web pages, these technologies can be extended to share information in a way 
that can be predictably read by computers. Both OWL and RDF can be used to create 
unambiguous structured data taxonomies. Using these characteristics Ian Grigg proposed 
the concept of the Ricardian Contracts; contracts which are linked to every aspect of a 
payment system.​9​ ​Despite, both OWL and RDF displaying similar characteristics, no RDF 
standards currently supports P-time completeness. Using reasoners, tools that infer logical 
consequences from a set of previously asserted facts or axioms, certain versions of the OWL 
standard promise P-time complexity. This means the amount of time it takes to run a contract 
can be pre-determined. This feature is a key reason why OWL was selected as the language 
to build trust contracts. 

OWL DL(description logic) is a sublanguage of OWL, “designed to provide the maximum 
expressiveness possible while retaining computational completeness.”  OWL DL operates on 9

a large dictionary of predefined vocabularies and taxonomies like the ISO20022 specification. 
As BOScoin specific features such as transactions will not be provided by the OWL 
dictionaries, these vocabularies and taxonomies need to be called from outside the contract. 
To solve this technical issue, we propose to create a designated namespace domain on the 
blockchain which can call non-standard primitive types(taxonomies) from the contract. 
Non-standard primitive types will be added conservatively in order to sustain the OWL’s 
decidability and taxonomic complexity features. 

 

Fig 3. BOScoin Transfer Example 

Another issue with regards to Turing-complete contracts on blockchains is that 
Turing-complete languages are difficult to read by non-technical people. If ‘Code were law’, 
the code should be comprehensible to all the parties involved. Currently, currencies using 
Turing-complete languages for contracts can only be audited by those that can read code. By 
using the OWL standard and mapping the syntax to languages like SDLang , we aim to 10

allow anyone to read and precisely comprehend what a contract is meant to do. 

9 ​OWL Web Ontology Language​, https://www.w3.org/TR/owl-features/ 
10 Simple Declarative Language, https://sdlang.org/ 

6 



 

 

 
Fig 4. Trust Contract Example 

The Timed Automata Language concept is based off of Andrychowicz’s paper, ‘Modeling 
Bitcoin Contracts by Timed Automata’ . TAL will be used to model the programming logic 11

used in a Trust Contract. The HTML and Javascript pairing is similar to OWL and TAL. OWL 
provides the structure of the data and TAL acts as an operator. Operators in programming 
languages are constructs that do a certain function, such as adding, subtracting and 
comparisons. OWL provides the information, and TAL tells the computer what to do with the 
data. TAL is slightly different to other programming languages as there is a global time factor. 
This means contracts can be tested for how long they take beforehand. By running 

11 Andrychowicz, Dziembowski, Malinowski and Mazurek, ​Modeling Bitcoin Contracts by Timed Automata​, 
Lecture Notes in Computer Science Formal Modeling and Analysis of Timed Systems, 7-22, 2014, 
https://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.1861v2.pdf 

7 



 

 

automated tests on all the different possible outcomes beforehand, we can promise a 
platform with bug-free contracts on the blockchain. 

The details of the above concepts are further explored in the technical paper. 

 

3. Consensus Algorithm 

a. Overview 

The consensus algorithm is core to any blockchain based currency or system. The algorithm 
attempts to answer the question, ‘How can we prove with confidence that all distributed 
databases hold the same set of information?’ 

In response to this question, BOScoin uses a Modified Federated Byzantine 
Agreement(mFBA) consensus algorithm based on Stellar’s Consensus Protocol(FBA) . 12

Consensus 
Algorithm 

Proof of 
Work 

Tendermint Byzantine 
Agreement 

FBA[1] mFBA[2] 
(BOScoin protocol) 

Decentralized 
Control 

O O  O O 

Low Latency  O O O O 

Flexible Trust   O O O 

Asymptotic 
Security 

 O O O O 

Governance 
Features 

    O 

[1] Federated Byzantine Agreement 
[2] Modified Federated Byzantine Agreement 

Fig 5. Comparison of Consensus Algorithms  

Mazieres defines key features of the federated Byzantine Agreement Protocol : 13

● Decentralized control. Anyone is able to participate and no central authority dictates 
whose approval is required for consensus. 

● Low latency. In practice, nodes can reach consensus at timescales humans expect 
for web or payment transactions—i.e., a few seconds at most. 

12 David Mazieres, ​Stellar Consensus Protocol​, https://www.stellar.org/papers/stellar-consensus-protocol.pdf 
13 Ibid. 

8 



 

 

● Flexible trust. Users have the freedom to trust any combination of parties they see fit. 
For example, a small non-profit may play a key role in keeping much larger 
institutions honest. 

● Asymptotic security. Safety rests on digital signatures and hash families whose 
parameters can realistically be tuned to protect against adversaries with unimaginably 
vast computing power. 

● Governance Features. Voting and features that are related to operating the congress 
are additional features embedded into the protocol. 

 
b. Federated Byzantine Agreement Consensus Algorithm  14

Bitcoin’s consensus mechanism and the traditional Byzantine agreement based protocols 
require a ​unanimous ​agreement by all participants of the network. However, the federated 
Byzantine agreement(FBA) does ​not ​require an unanimous agreement by all participants and 
additionally each node can choose which nodes to trust. This results in faster transactions 
without losing integrity of the financial network and allowing for organic growth of the network.  

FBA implemented this type of non-unanimous consensus mechanism by grouping nodes into 
teams (also known as Quorums). When a transaction is made, the information is sent to all 
those in the group. Rather than waiting for the whole network to agree on the state of the 
data, if a node hears the same message from a sufficient number of trusted nodes, the node 
assumes the information is correct. The overlapping of nodes, or loose federation of nodes, 
results in different nodes that have different sets of teams to agree on the same transactions. 
This leads to a system-wide consensus, without requiring unanimous agreement for each 
transaction block. 

In situations where nodes are in disagreement over a fraudulent transaction, there is a ballot 
system embedded into the system to overcome such issues. Further technical details 
regarding FBA can be found in Stellar’s consensus protocol paper. 

c. How is the modified federated Byzantine agreement(mFBA) algorithm different? 

In addition to FBA, the BOScoin consensus protocol also applies a Proof of Stake feature for 
the maintenance of the governance system. Users can freeze coins in units of 10,000 BOS 
within a node and forgo liquidity in return for newly issued BOScoin(similar to interest on 
savings) based on the total number of frozen coin in the node. The frozen coins in the node 
then act as both an economic incentive to operate a node as well as collateral for the security 
and integrity of the information held in the node’s blockchain. According to the pre-set rules, if 
the node is discovered to have forged the blockchain on the node, the frozen coins are 
forfeited to the Commons Budget. 

 

14 Ibid. 

9 



 

 

4. Congress Network 

a. Overview 

The Congress Network is the decision-making body for BOScoin consisting of individual 
fully-synchronized node operators. Although people refer to cryptocurrencies as 
decentralized and autonomous, in many cases, this is not true. Both the code and the 
information on the blockchain are vulnerable to influence. In order to overcome these issues, 
BOScoin proposes a decision-making body called the Congress Network to fully decentralize 
and automate the system. Development of the source-code, forks, and even marketing 
resources can be allocated from within the system. 

b. Congress Network Roles 

i.  ​Congress members 

You will be regarded as a Congress member if you meet the following criteria: 

● Run a fully-synchronized node at stable network speeds 

● Freeze at least four units (one frozen unit is 10,000 BOS) 

● Participate in voting 

Anyone can become a Congress member. A node could be a server or a personal 
computer that a Congress member runs. The node can be located at home or a 
remote location, as long as network speeds are stable. 

Congress Members have the choice to either invest in increasing their political 
influence through running more nodes or increasing their economic return through 
increasing the BOScoin frozen. 

ii. Users 

Users are the beneficiaries of the BOScoin system. They will interact with the BOScoin 
Network in three ways: by initiating transactions, submitting proposals and earning interest on 
BOScoins (coin freezing). These interactions are displayed in the figure below. 

10 



 

 

 

Fig 6. Interactions Between the Congress Network and User Network 

c. Network Interactions 

i. Transactions 

When a transaction of digital assets is requested by a user, the request is sent to the 
Congress Network. For a simple transfer of BOScoin, when a node confirms the block 
–​roughly every 5 seconds​–​ the user’s transactions will be confirmed, and the 
BOScoin will be transferred to another wallet. For more complex Trust Contracts, the 
pre-defined logic/procedures will also be carried out. In the initial stage of BOScoin, 
transaction fees will be fixed at 0.01 BOS. The fixed transaction rate can later be 
adjusted by the Congress Network through the voting process. Transaction fees act 
as an economic incentive for node operators and also as a defense mechanism 
against DoS attacks. 

ii. Proposals 

Proposals are system changing plans or Commons Budget spending plans that are 
submitted to the Congress Network. When a proposal is made, the ‘net percentage 
point difference’ between the positive and negative votes must exceed 10% for the 
proposal to be passed. For a funding proposal if the proposal passes, the requested 

11 



 

 

coins will be sent to the proposer. Under some conditions, such as when the size of 
the proposal is large, the system can define a contract that requires a report on how 
the coins were spent. 

iii. Coin Freezing 

Coin Freezing is a Proof of Stake concept where if a user locks-in their coins and in 
return they will receive interest based on the number of coins frozen and the length of 
time the coins are stored. This interest is called the Freezing Reward. Users can 
freeze coins in units, which are sets of 10,000 BOS. Frozen coins are used as 
collateral in case of attempted forgery of the blockchain. If a node attempts to forge 
the blockchain, a portion of the frozen coins are confiscated and sent to the 
Commons Budget. Additionally the system requires two weeks prior notice to 
unfreeze coins, as a mechanism to promote price stability. 

d. Reward System 

Within the Congress Network, there is a unique incentive mechanism. Congress members 
can either choose to maximize financial rewards, by freezing BOScoin in one node or 
increase their voting power by running multiple nodes (one node equals one vote). 

This deliberate division incentivizes the separation of economic motives from 
decision-making motives similar to the separation of economic and political power concept. 

Bitcoin suffers from the hash power centralization issue, due to its reliance on a Proof of 
Work consensus protocol. A small number of major miners can easily buy up large amounts 
of mining hardware, which allows them to influence changes in code and even threaten the 
integrity of the blockchain. By separating the incentives of those that wish to optimize 
financial gain, the barriers to entry to participate in the governance process is comparatively 
lower than a system that equates decision making power with financial rewards. 

There are three ways for Congress Members to receive BOScoin rewards: the freezing 
reward, confirmation rewards, and transaction fees. 

● Freezing Reward:​ Congress Members receive the same amount of interest as 
normal wallet users when coins are frozen. Starting from the first year, a total of 5,400 
BOS is distributed equally to each unit of frozen BOScoins. This freezing reward is 
issued every 720 blocks(roughly one hour). The total amount that is distributed 
decreases by 5.00% year on year over 59 years. 

● Confirmation Reward​: Confirmation rewards are given to a node when a block is 
confirmed. This reward is crucial in providing a financial incentive to operate a node 
and the reward is directly linked to the number of Frozen Units in a node. Similar to 
the block reward in Bitcoin, as the number of participating nodes increases, the 
probability of winning the confirmation reward decreases. The reward is issued 

12 



 

 

relative to the proportion of frozen units held in the node. Initially the reward starts 
with a network-wide average of 18 BOScoins per block. 

onf irmation reward 8c = 1 × Number of  Frozen UnitsAverage of  Total System Frozen Units  

Initially the block confirmation reward starts at 18 BOScoins per block, and it will 
decrease by 6.31% year on year over roughly 128 years. 

● Transaction Fee:​ The transaction fee is a fixed 0.01 BOScoins. Congress Nodes 
receive 70% of the collected transactions fee in a block, and 30% is sent to the 
Commons Budget. Transaction fees can be adjusted through the Congress. 

 
e. Decision Making Process 

The idea of an integrated decision-making process within the currency was inspired by Dash 
coin  where the masternodes  vote to make decisions. In BOScoin there are largely two 15 16

type of proposals. There are System Proposals and Funding Proposals. System Proposals 
are proposals that automatically change the code of the BOScoin platform and Funding 
Proposals are proposals that request for funds from the Commons Budget. Anyone with a 
wallet can make a proposal, which is then reviewed every third Monday of the month by 
24:00 GMT. These proposals are then voted on by the Congress members by the fourth 
Monday of the month by 24:00 GMT. If the ‘net percentage point difference’ between the 
positive and negative votes exceed 10%, the proposal is passed. There is the option for a 
neutral vote to signal that the Congress member participated in the decision-making process 
and votes can also be changed any time before the final due date. 

For Funding Proposals, in order to increase the chances of a proposal being passed, it is 
possible to provide collateral with the proposal. Proposals that provide more than 1,000,000 
BOS become Significant Proposals. Voting participation is especially important for Significant 
Proposals and so if a Congress member does not vote on a Significant Proposal, they are 
penalized by having the freezing feature disabled for their node for two weeks. Disabling the 
coin freezing feature means the node will forgo all the benefits from freezing coins and will 
not be able to freeze any coins for two weeks. 

f. Commons Budget 

The Commons Budget is an account where BOScoins are held and can only be transferred 
by proposals that are passed through the Congress. The main role of Commons Budget is to 
expedite the growth of the coin users during the early stages. Coins in the Commons Budget 
are mainly accumulated through two channels; the first is the direct issuance of 50 BOS coins 

15 Evan Duffield, Daniel Diaz, ​Dash: A Privacy​Centric Crypto​Currency​, 
https://www.dash.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Dash-WhitepaperV1.pdf 
16 ​Using Decentralized Governance: Proposals, Voting, and Budgets​, 
https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DOC/Using+Decentralized+Governance%3A+Proposals%2C+Voting
%2C+and+Budgets 

13 



 

 

per block for roughly 6 years and secondly from 30% of the transaction fee. Out of all issued 
coins, Commons Budget make up the largest proportion of coins. This will ensure funds are 
available to growth hack the adoption of BOScoin. 

Any proposal which passes through the congress can access coins from the Commons 
Budget. An example of a proposal is an Airdrop proposal; geo-socially distribute free coins to 
users in order to increase the number of BOScoin users. Other examples can include funding 
the development of the BOScoin eco-system, marketing campaigns and organizing BOScoin 
related meetings. 

 

5. Ready-made Application Ecosystem 

Many cryptocurrencies offer examples of how to use and build applications on their platform. 
However, few have delivered working applications utilizing currency. Although it is difficult to 
fully understand how much of a cryptocurrency’s value is made up of transactional value and 
how much is made up by speculative value, BOScoin’s goal is to increase the transactional 
value of the currency relative to its competitors. In the long-run the core-value of a currency is 
its usefulness. 

Through ready-built applications such as Stardaq and Delicracy released with the currency, 
users will have sophisticated services available immediately within the BOScoin ecosystem. 

a. Stardaq 

Stardaq is an international celebrity popularity prediction market. A celebrity's popularity is 
represented as an index and users can place bets on whether the popularity of the celebrity 
will rise or fall. The bets can only be placed with BOScoins. 

b. Delicracy 

Delicracy is a collective decision making tool that can be implemented in any organization. All 
users can participate in the decision-making process by placing bets on a set of proposals, 
similar to the Augur prediction market . The proposal with the most bets is passed. This type 17

of system can help promote transparency and participation for decision-making processes in 
organizations large and small. 

These applications serve as outlets to spend BOScoins and also serve as channels for 
Airdropping free coins. Appropriately using these tools can help grow the ecosystem by 
introducing new users. 

6. Technical Roadmap 

17 Decentralized Prediction Market, https://www.augur.net/ 

14 



 

 

The following is a technical roadmap defining the key milestones. 

                  Milestones→ 
                ↓Modules 

M1 
Alpha 

M2 
Genesis 

M3 
Nebula 

M4 
Sirius 

Consensus P2P Protocol 
specification & 
Implementation 

Unit & Acceptance 
Test 

  

mFBA 
Consensus 

FBA : Key Design 
Implementation 

mFBA : Key 
Design 
Implementation 

mFBA Optimization  

Data Store Store specs & 
SQLite Store 
implementation 

MessagePack 
History 

 Blockchain backup 
& restore using 
ISP(AWS, Azure ) 

Trust 
Contracts 

Ontologies & 
Rule(TAL) 

Remittance : Send 
& Receive Tokens 
based on Trust 
Contracts 

 Governance Trust 
Contracts & 
Multisig Tx 
Specification 

Multisig Tx 
Implementation 

Import and define 
basic BOScoin 
Ontologies 

Construct Core 
Ontologies 

Construct Key 
Governance 
Ontologies 

 

 Governance 
System 
Specifications 

Proposal & Vote 
Implementation 

Automated 
Proposal 
Implementation 

Inference 
Engine 

Formal 
Specification and 
Key Design 
Elements 

Reasoner 
Integration with 
Blockchain 

Reasoner 
Optimization 

 

UX CLI & Web 
Interface 

CLI design 
& Implementation 

Web UX design   

Wallet Wallet Formal 
specification 

UX design 
Application PoC 
Test 

 Android & iOS SPV 
Wallets 

RPC & 
REST API 

 Blockchain 
Explorer 

  

Fig 7. Implementation Roadmap 
  

15 



 

 

7. Coin Issuance 

New coins are issued in four ways; Initial Development Budget(0.5bil, 10%), confirmation 
rewards(1.8bil, 36%), freezing rewards(0.9bil, 18%) and the Commons Budget(1.8bil, 36%). 
We aim to issue a total of 5.0 billion coins over the next 100 years. These values are subject 
to change. 

 Initial Development 
Budget 

Confirmation 
Rewards 

Freezing Rewards Commons Budget 

BOScoins 500,000,000 1,800,000,000 900,000,000 1,800,000,000 

Share 10% 36% 18% 36% 

Decrease Rate - 6.31% per 
6,311,520 blocks 

5.00% per 
6,311,520 blocks 

- 

End of 
Issuance 

Genesis Block Year 2145 Year 2076 Year 2023 

Fig 8. Issuance Summary 

● Initial Development Budget:​ Initial development coins are coins distributed 
prior to the Genesis block are intended to support the final development of the 
software. These coins are made up of ICO sales and bounties. 500 million 
BOScoins are issued with the Genesis block. 

● Confirmation Rewards:​ Confirmation rewards are financial rewards issued 
randomly to a node for every confirmed block(every 5 seconds). As the reward 
is distributed randomly, if the number of nodes increase the probability that a 
node will receive a reward decreases. This reward is relative to the number of 
units frozen in a node(refer to section 4d). 1.8 billion BOScoin are issued 
through Confirmation rewards. Initially 18 BOScoins are issued per block. The 
reward decreases every 6.31 million blocks​–roughly one year–​ by 6.31% over 
128 years. 

● Freezing Rewards:​ Freezing rewards are distributed relative to the number of 
BOScoin units frozen in a node and are issued every 720 blocks(roughly one 
hour). Initially the total amount is 5,400. The reward decreases by 5.00% over 
every 6.31 million blocks​–roughly 1 year – over ​59 years. The freezing reward 
acts as an important incentive for congress members to increase the number 
of coins frozen in one node and disincentivize the centralization of decision 
making. 

● Commons Budget: ​The Commons Budget holds BOScoins that can only be 
used by proposals that have passed the Congress Network. In order to create 
a sufficient budget for proposals, 50 Commons Coins are issued per block for 
the first 35 million blocks​–​roughly five years. After the first five years the 

16 



 

 

Commons Budget is maintained through the 30% commons fee on 
transactions fees. 

 

Fig 9. Coin Issuance Plan 

 

8. Conclusion 

The BOScoin team aims to overcome the technical and operational issues inherent in many 
cryptocurrencies. The incentive scheme and issuance plan is aimed towards creating value 
for the coin while deterring the centralization of power. The Modified Federated Byzantine 
Agreement algorithm will allow for low latency transactions while being more energy efficient. 
The Congressional System is aimed towards creating a more democratic and productive 
decision making process. Trust contracts will provide a decidable and approachable 
framework for creating and executing contracts on the blockchain. The BOScoin team will 
aim to achieve these goals while leveraging the security and integrity that can be gained 
through blockchain technology. 

  

17 



 

 

Works Cited 

Andrychowicz, Dziembowski, Malinowski and Mazurek, ​Modeling Bitcoin Contracts by Timed 
Automata​, Lecture Notes in Computer Science Formal Modeling and Analysis of Timed Systems, 
7-22, 2014, ​https://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.1861v2.pdf 

David Mazieres, ​Stellar Consensus Protocol​, 
https://www.stellar.org/papers/stellar-consensus-protocol.pdf 

Decentralized Prediction Market​, ​https://www.augur.net/ 

Evan Duffield, Daniel Diaz, ​Dash: A Privacy​Centric Crypto​Currency​, 
https://www.dash.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Dash-WhitepaperV1.pdf 

Golem​, ​https://golem.network 

Hodges, Andrew​, Alan Turing: the enigma, ​London: Burnett Books 

Ian Grigg, ​The Ricardian Contract​, First IEEE International Workshop on Electronic Contracting 
(WEC) 6th July 2004, ​http://iang.org/papers/ricardian_contract.html 

Leading the Pack in Blockchain Banking: Trailblazers Set the Pace​, 
https://www-01.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi-bin/ssialias?htmlfid=GBP03467USEN& 

N. Atzei, M. Bartoletti, T. Cimoli, ​A survey of attacks on Ethereum smart contracts​, 
https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/1007.pdf 

Satoshi Nakamoto, ​Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System​, ​https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf 

Simple Declarative Language​, ​https://sdlang.org/ 

The DAO​, ​https://slock.it/dao.html 

Using Decentralized Governance: Proposals, Voting, and Budgets​, 
https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DOC/Using+Decentralized+Governance%3A+Proposals%
2C+Voting%2C+and+Budgets 

OWL Web Ontology Language​, ​https://www.w3.org/TR/owl-features/ 

OWL Web Ontology Language Reference​, ​https://www.w3.org/TR/owl-ref 

Vitalik Buterin, ​Ethereum Whitepaper​, ​https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper 

 

18 

https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf
https://sdlang.org/
https://www.augur.net/
https://golem.network/
https://www.w3.org/TR/owl-ref
https://www.stellar.org/papers/stellar-consensus-protocol.pdf
https://slock.it/dao.html
https://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.1861v2.pdf
https://www.w3.org/TR/owl-features/
https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DOC/Using+Decentralized+Governance%3A+Proposals%2C+Voting%2C+and+Budgets
https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper
https://www-01.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi-bin/ssialias?htmlfid=GBP03467USEN&
http://iang.org/papers/ricardian_contract.html
https://www.dash.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Dash-WhitepaperV1.pdf
https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DOC/Using+Decentralized+Governance%3A+Proposals%2C+Voting%2C+and+Budgets
https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/1007.pdf





