






















 

 
‘Rewarding the Token Economy.’ 

 
White Paper v1.0 
January 14, 2018 

 
A trustless bounty hunting network with a staking and token burning 

based review system for submissions. 
 

Join us on ​Medium​, ​Twitter​ and ​Telegram​. 
 

Angelo Adam 
angelo@bounty0x.io 

 
Pascal Thellmann 

pascal@bounty0x.io 
 

Deniz Dalkilic 
deniz@bounty0x.io 

Special Thanks to 
Shahaf Bar-Geffen 

Luke Duncan 
Eduardo Muñoz 

 
 
 
 
 

1/25 

https://blog.bounty0x.io/
http://twitter.com/bounty0x
https://t.me/bounty0x
mailto:angelo@bounty.io
mailto:pascal@bounty.io
mailto:deniz@bounty.io


 

Abstract 
 

We believe in a tokenized economy. Bounty0x.io will advance the vision of a             
decentralized future and streamline bounty management by accomplishing three keys tasks:           
(1) enabling anyone to host and manage bounty campaigns by posting bounties, and             
disbursing payments to bounty hunters (2) enabling users seeking to participate in a bounty              
program (hereinafter “bounty hunters”) to search bounty listings, participate in said bounties,            
complete bounty tasks, and receive rewards and payments (3) automating the process of             
reviewing bounty task submissions by enabling third party reviewers (hereinafter “bounty           
sheriffs”) to ensure the accuracy and quality of bounty submissions by staking BNTY tokens              
in exchange for value. 
 

Companies utilize bounties as a means to recruit community members to complete            
tasks in exchange for receiving a reward. Currently, the options available for teams seeking              
to have tasks accomplished is inefficient. In order to have bounties completed, startup teams              
are often required to spend time posting on forums or chat groups in order to advertise what                 
bounties are available to potential bounty hunters. It can be difficult for users to locate which                
(companies/organizations/ICOs/entities) are accepting bounties and which have already        
been completed.  

 
Additionally, ensuring that all bounties have been completed accurately, and that the            

user who completes the bounty receives payment to the correct address can be difficult. The               
entire process is inefficient and time consuming. Because the process is inefficient, it limits              
the scope and breadth of bounties that bounty hosts can outsource to bounty hunters.              
Bounty0x.io will enable companies and startups to accomplish more tasks thanks to the help              
of thousands of bounty hunters who contributed to the project. 
 

Bounty0x.io will be a one stop shop for Bounty Hosts and Bounty Hunters to              
collaborate in a mutually beneficial arrangement. Teams will be able to easily and efficiently              
disburse payments to contributors who have fulfilled the requirements of any bounties using             
their own native token. A verification process and reputation system will be built in to verify                
that each task was successfully completed before payment is disbursed. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

2/25 



 

Table of Contents 
 
Special Thanks to 1 

Introduction 4 

Vision 5 

Case study 6 

Distinguishing Bounty0x from existing platforms. 8 

Our solution - Bounty0x 10 

Meet the players 11 
Bounty Hosts 11 
Bounty Hunters 12 
Bounty Sheriffs 12 

Bounty types 13 

BNTY Token 13 

BNTY token distribution values 14 

Pre Sale Stats 15 

Main Sale Stats 15 

Token allocation 16 

Development Roadmap 17 

Expenses 18 

Management of Contributions 19 

Transparency Policy 19 
Development disclosures 19 
Financial disclosures 19 
Contact information 19 

Modules 20 

District0x - Bounty0x Decentralized Governance 20 

Core Team 20 

Contribution Period Risks 22 

Disclaimer 23 

Appendix 24 

3/25 



 

 
 

Introduction 
 

In the ‘Old West’, the government used to post bounties for the capture of dangerous               
criminals. Nowadays, a bounty program is an offer made by many startups, companies, and              
entities which enables individuals to receive recognition and compensation for performing           
highly specific tasks. Bounties are often used in the context of online marketing, consulting,              
research, journalism and software development. 

 
Bounty programs are also a frequently used tool used by ICO startups. In 2017              

blockchain entrepreneurs raised more funds through initial coin offerings (ICOs) than           
through traditional venture capital investments. So far in 2017, blockchain entrepreneurs           
have raised over $2 bln through ICO offerings and even exceeded the funds raised through               
VC’s in the months of June and July. This will only continue to grow in 2018 and beyond.                  
Startups are accordingly relying even more on bounty programs in conjunction with            
upcoming ICO's to accomplish pre-ico tasks.  

 
Bounty0x was conceived as a ​district0x proposal and was selected among the top             

four district proposal. The proposal is ​currently being voted upon in order to become the next                
district which will be built on the district0x platform. The Bounty0x network will eventually              
migrate over to the district0x network platform when the d0x infra protocol is ready, and at                
such time enable DNT token holders to stake their DNT in order to take part in Bounty0x                 
platform governance. 

 
Bounty campaigns nowadays are highly centralized, which makes them susceptible          

to fraud, highly inefficient and limited in scope. Bounty0x solves these problems with a              
decentralized bounty hunting network and an automated review system for submissions.  

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

4/25 

https://github.com/district0x/district-proposals/issues/1
http://vote.district0x.io/


 

Vision 
In the short term, we will develop a decentralized platform where bounty hunters will              

be able to receive payment in tokens in exchange for completing bounty tasks for ICO               
startups. With hundreds of new blockchain startups being formed and holding ICO’s every             
month, this is already a very significant market. ​Our ultimate goal is to increase the efficiency                
of industries that would benefit from a decentralized workforce and bounty-oriented reward            
model.  
 

1. Online marketing 
 

Banner advertisements are losing effectivity due to a fenomena known as “Ad            
Blindness”. On the other hand, influencer marketing on social media and blogs is exploding              
in popularity. Our platform brings influencer marketing to the crowd by allowing anyone from              
anywhere, to endorse brands through our marketing bounties. 
 

2. Software development 
 

Bugs and security issues are a growing pain in our digital world. A small team of                
developers might miss a bug that could potentially be disastrous for a company. Security              
audit firms charge astronomical sums for their services and companies often want to get a               
second or third opinion. Our platform enables Bounty Hosts to expose their code to              
thousands of programmers that carefully analyze and review it. Bounty hunters only receive             
a reward if they actually find a vulnerability.  
 

3. Consulting 
 

Adapting to the latest industry trends is a big challenge for global consulting firms. It               
often involves extensive training of their employees and the hiring of new ones. This is an                
unsustainable process in a world where industries change at an accelerating pace. We             
believe that the solution to this problem is to completely decentralize the consulting industry.              
On our platform, Bounty Hunters can submit improvement suggestions and solutions to            
highly specialized business situations. 
 

4. Research 
 
Governments, Corporations and NGO’s can set bounties on the completion of certain            

research oriented goals e.g. Finding a cure for breast cancer. 
 
 
 

5/25 



 

Case study 
 

The following are three use case studies illustrating the shortfalls of bounty programs             
as they are presently handled. Bounty0x offers a streamlined bounty management platform            
which diminishes the opportunity for fraud, expands the scope of potential bounty tasks, and              
enables teams to easily distribute rewards and monitor contributions.  
 
1) For Bounty Hosts. 

 
How startups manage submissions today using excel (pictured above). 

 
During the Status and Bancor ICO, the two platforms each received thousands of             

submissions by bounty contributors. Verifying that each bounty was completed successfully           
and that individual users received their rewards was time intensive. Members of the Status              
and Bancor team sorted through slack channel archives in order to identify contributors,             
utilized a makeshift system comprised of post reactions, and created various spreadsheets            
containing lists of contributors addresses and the amount each contributor was entitled to             
receive. Naturally the process was very time consuming, and was susceptible to fraud.             
Despite the efforts made by the previously mentioned companies, there were still numerous             
complaints about long waiting times until the bounties were eventually reviewed and            
moderated, as well as complaints of incorrect distribution of tokens once the campaign was              
completed. Bounty0x offers Bounty Hosts a better alternative.  

 
Bounty0x is not only beneficial for difficulties faced by bounty campaigns receiving            

thousand of contributions, but can also be useful for smaller programs expecting to receive,              
a couple hundred submissions. Even a few hundred bounty submissions can be completely             
overwhelming for a small team. 
 
 
 

6/25 



 

 
2) For Bounty Hunters. 

 
How bounty hunters find and participate in campaigns today (pictured above). 

 
Bounty0x also solves a big pain for Bounty Hunters. Currently, it is difficult for Bounty               

Hunters to find bounties that they want to participate in. Usually, Bounty Hunters find              
bounties through word-of-mouth on forums. Consequently, bounty campaigns only receive a           
fraction of the contributions compared to if there was a platform that startups and Bounty               
Hunters could use. Also, Bounty Hunters with a track records of success are unable to gain                
recognition for their prior work and command a higher price since there is no proper               
reputation system in place. Genuinely good startup bounty campaigns are unable to attract             
bounty campaign contributors because of difficulty locating their bounty campaigns.  

 
At the present time, Bounty Hunters spend countless hours searching forums in order             

to identify interesting campaigns. Thereafter, they must message team members and offer to             
complete bounty related tasks. Moreover, the team can not be sure if there has already been                
someone assigned to complete a bounty. It can be difficult to determine which tasks have               
already been completed, and what tasks are available. Furthermore, team members spend            
countless hours communicating individually with contributors verifying the contributions meet          
the minimum job requirements and have been completed adequately.  
 
 
 
 
 
 

7/25 



 

Distinguishing Bounty0x from existing platforms.  
 

At the moment there are no existing platforms that enable Bounty Hosts to manage              
bounty programs in a decentralized an autonomous way, and Bounty Hunters to receive             
trustless payment for completing bounties. As mentioned earlier, the interaction between the            
Bounty Host, and the Bounty Hunter usually occurs through forums or email. All organization              
of the bounty campaign requires Bounty Hosts to maintain detailed excel spreadsheets with             
payment addresses, and lists of bounty submissions. This has proven to be highly inefficient              
and time consuming. More importantly, it limits the potential scope of the bounty campaign.              
As it requires companies to hire dedicated bounty campaign managers to organize and             
verify all bounty submissions. Consequently none of the existing platforms solve these            
problems. 
 

We have extensively researched whether any of the freelancing sites like Ethlance or             
UpWork could potentially solve the problems that are unique to bounty campaigns. At the              
moment Bounty Hosts and Bounty Hunters do not utilize freelancing sites in order to manage               
bounty campaigns because they are not specialized enough to meet the demands of bounty              
campaigns. Some will draw comparisons between Bounty0x, Bug Crowd and Hackerone           
and other sites. The latter are focused on cyber security issues whereas Bounty0x offers              
support for broader bounty targets and none provide a decentralized verification mechanism.  

 
Our conclusion is that current freelance and job platforms are ​not ideally suited to              

take on the task of bounty management ​for 4 main reasons​: 
 
1) Bounty task reviewing system 
 

At present, there are no freelance job sites which enable users to perform a              
reviewing service of the quality of the submissions. Bounties receive thousands of            
submissions during the course of a bounty campaign, this makes them uniquely positioned             
to benefit from an automated verification system.  
 
2) Payment system 
 

Bounty0x differentiates itself from freelancing sites by enabling Bounty Hosts to           
allocate a certain percentage of their ICO tokens in such a way that they will be                
automatically distributed to bounty contributors upon completion of the ICO. Currently,           
freelance job platforms don’t have a structure in place that could track the work of Bounty                
Hunters and later disburse payment once the tokens are transferred from the genesis             
contract to an escrow account. Furthermore, with the exception of Ethlance, which is             
focused on freelancers, most websites do not even support payment in ERC20 compliant             
tokens. Finally, few platforms enable management of hundred or even thousands of            
submissions.  

 

8/25 



 

 
 
3) Individual assistance 
 

It can be very challenging for a company to decide on the mechanics behind their               
bounty campaign. Some of the most common doubts are associated with the tasks that              
should be offered and the amount that should be allocated to rewards. These factors vary               
greatly depending on the nature of the company. 
 

Freelance platforms today are unable to provide guidance with regard to bounty            
platform management. On the other hand, at Bounty0x there will be a section of the website                
dedicated to educational content to educate companies interested in holding bounty           
campaigns as to best practices in a bounty campaign. If a customer needs a more               
personalized assistance, we will provide a how it works section similar to Seller Central on               
Amazon, and “How it works” on Upwork.  
 
4) Advertising and marketing audience  
 

Because of the fact that Bounty0x will be specifically built for bounty management, it              
will be the go to solution for anyone holding bounty campaigns. Today multiple platforms              
exist for hiring freelancers. Bounty0x is unlike any of these platforms as it is specifically               
tailored towards assisting Bounty Hosts with the unique requirements associated with bounty            
campaigns. At the moment, no other job site enables third party reviewers to verify that               
submissions are completed appropriately allowing them to receive payment in exchange for            
doing so.  

 

 

 
 

 

 
 

9/25 



 

Our solution - Bounty0x 
At Bounty0x we are building a network enabling anyone to post bounty tasks which              

Bounty Hunters will be able to accept and complete. Bounty0x makes it easier for users               
seeking to complete bounties to search and accept bounties. The benefit of this approach              
are twofold. First, this allows Bounty Hosts to focus exclusively on developing their product,              
and second, it makes it easier for Bounty Hunters to find new campaigns to join. By using                 
the Bounty0x Network, companies, governments, and entities, will have access to a pool of              
reputable Bounty Hunters, and a verification mechanism to ensure the tasks are performed             
correctly.  

 
 

 
Alpha platform search page (pictured above) 

 
 
The ​Bounty0x Alpha​ platform launched on October 15th and already has over $750k worth 
of bounties on it. Bounty Hunters can sign-up and start earning rewards. Companies or 
start-ups can get in touch with us at ​contact@bounty0x.io​ to post a bounty campaign. 
Start-up registration will be released in the next update. 
 
It is important to note that the Alpha does not even scratch the surface of what Bounty0x will 
ultimately become. It’s main purpose was to test the concept before raising any funds. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

10/25 

https://alpha.bounty0x.io/
mailto:contact@bounty0x.io


 

Meet the players 

Bounty Hosts 
 

Anyone can post bounty tasks and set a reward for the completion of each task. In                
the past, in order to manage a bounty campaign, Bounty Hosts would need to verify that                
users are legitimate, assign tasks to individual users, verify completion of each task,             
determine the payout address of the Bounty Hunter, and eventually disburse payment and             
resolve potential mistakes which occur throughout the process.  

 
With Bounty0x, companies, entities or governments simply sign-up, setup a          

campaign, post a new bounty listing which indicates the requirements of the bounty and              
bounty details and payouts. Thereafter, users search and accept bounties they seek to             
complete. Upon completion, the bounty is thereafter flagged for review by a Bounty Sheriff,              
who confirms the accuracy of the bounty task. 

 
Bounty Hosts may elect to post and hold campaigns for a variety of bounty tasks. The                

bounty completion verification mechanism may vary depending on the type of bounty task             
that the startup seeks to complete. For example, some bounties may be verified through an               
automated process, other bounties may be verified solely through the Bounty Host, and still              
other bounties may be verified through the use of Bounty Sheriffs . 

Bounty Hunters 
 

Bounty Hunters can directly participate in any bounty they wish. Following a search of              
available bounties, Bounty Hunters can accept bounties, and submit their work directly            
through the platform. Bounty Hunters will find a reward counter in their profile. Bounty              
Hunters need to manually withdraw the tokens from their Bounty0x dashboard to a             
compatible wallet. 

 
Bounty0x has a built-in reputation system to enable startups to use our platform to              

identify potential candidates to hire. Every time a Bounty Hunter receives tokens for his              
work, Bounty0x will convert those coins into their ETH value and rank users based on that                
figure. Overtime Bounty Hunters will build up a trustworthy reputation for completing work,             
and will have incentive to provide quality work in order to maintain their reputation, and to                
continue completing tasks on the Bounty0x Network in order to build their reputation score              
for future bounties. The network will also have a leaderboard ranking Bounty Hunters for              
each bounty category. 
 
 

11/25 



 

Bounty Sheriffs 
 

Bounty0x will support an option enabling Bounty Hosts to verify that bounty campaign             
tasks have been successfully completed prior to disbursing payment. This review role will be              
filled by third party reviewers called “Bounty Sheriffs”. Anyone will be able to purchase BNTY               
tokens on the open market, and stake their BNTY coins in order to earn a badge and                 
become a Bounty Sheriff who is authorized to verify that bounty submissions are completed              
correctly.  

 
Staking BNTY and performing correct reviews entitles users to a payment. In order to              

determine whether a bounty task has been reviewed and verified incorrectly by a reviewer,              
there will be a process through which multiple reviewers review the same bounty. The              
outcome which is deemed correct will be that which has the most responses. If a Bounty                
Sheriff performs an incorrect review, a portion of his staked BNTY will be burned. 
 

Bounty types 
 

Bounty0x seeks to become a one stop platform for Bounty Hosts seeking to launch              
their bounty campaign. In order to achieve this, we will be supporting popular bounty tasks.               
There will be a feedback form enabling users to submit suggestions for additions of new               
bounty tasks.  
 

On the Bounty0x network, bounties are sorted according to the following three            
categories: Simple bounties, Sheriff bounties and Super bounties. This categorization          
system allows Bounty0x to expand into any imaginable bounty task. 

1. Simple bounties  
Bounties belonging to this category will be automatically checked by Bounty0x           

algorithms and API’s. No humans are involved in the reviewing process. This approach             
works for tasks that are of a quantitative nature. 

2. Sheriff bounties 
Bounties belonging to this category will be reviewed by Bounty Sheriffs on our             

platform. These users receive a reward for performing correct verifications. This approach            
will be used for bounty tasks that are of a qualitative nature, but that can be reviewed by                  
non-team members of the startup.  
 
  

12/25 



 

3. Super bounties 
Private bounties are tasks where the project owner or admin decides whether a             

submission will be accepted or not. This approach will be used for highly technical or               
subjective bounty tasks. 
 

BNTY Token 
 
500mln Bounty0x tokens (BNTY) will be minted in the genesis contract. BNTY will be              

distributed during a pre-sale, and a main sale (details of each below). The BNTY token is a                 
Utility token, and has 3 primary purposes on the platform: 

 
1. BNTY will be used by Bounty Hunters 

 
- How: Bounty Hunters need to stake BNTY to participate in ‘Super Bounties’. If a              

Super Bounty submission is rejected, like for example a bug report, the Bounty             
Hunter will lose a portion of his staked tokens. 

 
- Why: ‘Super Bounties’ are checked manually by a team member of the startup.             

Therefore, it is important to ensure that all submissions are of a superior quality to               
avoid wasting the individual’s time.  

 
2. BNTY will be used by Bounty Sheriffs 

 
- How: Bounty Sheriffs will be able to stake BNTY to review bounties. If they are               

performed incorrectly, they will lose a portion of their staked tokens. If performed             
correctly, they may gain additional BNTY and bounty tokens from the start-up. 

 
- Why: As a quality control mechanism. Bounty Sheriffs are financially incentivized to            

perform reviews correctly. 
 

3. BNTY will be used by Bounty Hosts 
 

- How: Bounty Hosts need to stake the BNTY token when posting a new bounty. If a                
bounty posting is rejected, for being against Bounty0x guidelines, a portion of the             
staked tokens is burned. 

 
- Why:​ Incentivizes Bounty Hosts to only post qualitative bounties. 

 
Bounty0x will perform a quarterly token buy-back program with the fees earned. The             

main purpose of it is to stabilize the BNTY price for the staking mechanism.  

13/25 



 

BNTY token distribution values 
 
The launch of Bounty0x and the corresponding token creation process are organized            

around smart contracts running on Ethereum. The BNTY genesis contract will mint a total of               
500mln BNTY tokens. The main contribution period will last two weeks. Based on the              
feedback we have received from the community, we have determined that the crowdsale             
structure should be based on the following principles.  

Distribution 
We are seeking to maximize contribution distribution. We are also seeking to enable             

anyone who wants to contribute to the token during the crowdsale the opportunity to do so.                
In the spirit of decentralization, we want to avoid centralization of the coin by preventing a                
few people holding all the tokens. We aim to achieve this through a variety of strategies                
ranging from the token sale structure, to the use of bounty campaigns, and community              
development incentives. We also want to prevent the token sale from selling out prematurely              
before everyone who wants to participate is able to do so.  

Coin Price 
The price of BNTY is fixed. Each BNTY will cost $0.0165 during the contribution              

period and $0.0132 during the presale. That’s a 20 percent discount for pre-sale             
contributors. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

14/25 



 

Pre-contribution period Stats 
● Date:  

○ For pre-sale whitelist contributors: Nov 20th at 15:00 CET until Nov 21st at 
15:00 CET 

○ For everyone: Nov 21st at 15:00 CET until hard cap is reached. 
 

● Max cap of $250k. 
 

● 3.79% of BNTY supply for sale.  
 

● Price per token: $0.0132. 20 percent discount relative to Main Sale. 

Main Contribution period Stats 
● Date:  

○ For main sale whitelist contributors: Dec 15th at 15:00 CET until Dec 16th at 
15:00 CET. 

○ For everyone: Dec 16th at 15:00 CET until hard cap is reached. 
 

● Hard cap of $1.5mln. 
 

● 18.18% of BNTY supply for sale. 
 

● Price per token: $0.0165. No discounts. 

How to participate? 
 

● Pre-sale guide 
● Main sale guide 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

15/25 

https://blog.bounty0x.io/bounty0x-presale-bacd887388ee
https://blog.bounty0x.io/main-sale-contribution-guide-65b76238856e


 

Token allocation 
 

After the main sale has concluded, 500mln BNTY tokens will be created. The             
distribution of these tokens is as follows. 

 

 

Pre-sale 
3.79 percent of the total BNTY supply will be sold during our pre-sale at a 20 percent 
discount.  

Main sale 
18.18 percent of the total BNTY supply will be sold during the main sale at no discount. 

Frozen pool 
A 45.03 percent of the total BNTY supply is frozen for 18 months. The purpose of this pool is                   
to hold future bounty campaigns, balance the natural burn rate of the BNTY token and for                
hiring future team members.  

Team 
30.00 percent of the total BNTY supply will be allocated to team members and is subject to a 
18 month vesting period. First vesting as soon as crowdsale concludes. 

16/25 



 

Advisors 
3 percent of the total BNTY supply will be allocated to advisors and is subject to a 6 months 
vesting period. First vesting as soon as crowdsale concludes. 
 

Development Roadmap 
 
Q4 2017 
 

- Automate review process of twitter and facebook bounties. 
- Add public list of upcoming bounty campaigns 
- Assign a unique URL to every bounty campaign. 
- Allow bounty hosts to create a bounty campaign. 
- Allow Bounty Hosts to unlock extra features on our platform with BNTY.  

 
Q1 2018 

- Improvements to platform based on feedback on Alpha. 
- Allow hunters/sheriff's to stake BNTY in order to review and make submissions            

respectively. 
- Add more bounty tasks. 
- Add a reputation system for bounty hunters. 
- Integrate Metamask plugin into platform UI 

 
Q2 2018 

- Add a bidding system for reviewing bounties. 
- Start marketing bounty campaigns outside of the cryptocurrency space. 
- Add additional bounty task types (referral bounty type) 

 
Q3 2018 

- Greater granularity in payouts and managing bounty campaigns. 
- Support consulting bounties 
- Transition Bounty0x governance to a district on the district0x network. 

 
Q4 2018 

- Allow cross-chain compatibility with Ethereum/Waves 
- Support research bounties 

 
 
 

17/25 



 

Transparency Policy 
We are going to follow the example of District0x and publicly disclose all information 

that could be of some relevance to our community.  

Development disclosures 
● Weekly updates will be published to http://blog.bounty0x.io and shared across all our 

social media accounts. 
● Our current roadmap can always be accessed at http://bounty0x.io/transparency 

Contact information 
● A link to our Telegram group will always be available at http://bounty0x.io 
● The email address of every team member will be displayed at http://bounty0x.io/ 
● Links to all our social media profiles can always be found at http://bounty0x.io 

 

Modules 
Bounty0x will enable Bounty Hosts to incorporate bounty campaigns with external           

platforms such as GitHub for bounty tasks that would benefit from this integration, like for               
example security audits. 
 

District0x - Bounty0x Decentralized Governance 
 
Bounty0x will eventually operate as a completely decentralized DAO following the           

implementation of the district0x district creation platform and d0xInfra protocol. The           
Bounty0x platform will transition into a district on the district0x platform. Staking DNT in the               
Bounty0x district will entitle users to a quarterly profit distribution and to participate in the               
governance of the platform through the associated Aragon entity.  

 
The bounty0x district will be the primary location for managing and governing the             

Bounty0x platform. We believe that bounty hunters should be able to assist in the              
governance of Bounty0x, since changes made to our platform have a direct impact on them.               
Bounty0x district stakers will be able to utilize the corresponding ​Aragon ​entity to participate              
in the bounty network governance. Turning our platform into a district is a key milestone on                
our roadmap. In the meantime our district proposal can be voted on ​here​.  

 
 
 

18/25 

http://aragon.one/
https://vote.district0x.io/


 

Core Team  
 

 

Angelo Adam 
Co-founder - Operations 
 
Attorney. District0x Community Manager, WeTrust     
Freelancer. Crowdfunded ethereum. Member of the ​Digital       
Ledger Defense Coalition​. Equities Trader at a Hedge        
Fund.  
 

Pascal Thellmann 
Co-founder - Sales, Marketing and PR 
 
PR and Marketing in the crypto world. Contributor at         
CoinTelegraph. Copywriter. Previously co-founded a     
successful German ecommerce site. 
 

 

Deniz Dalkilic 
Co-founder - Lead developer 
 
Software Engineer Thomson Reuters. Working in Applied       
Innovation team on Blockchain/Ethereum projects. In      
particular concentrating on public Blockchains and DApp       
development via extensive use of JavaScript and Smart        
Contracts. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

19/25 

http://www.dcldc.org/
http://www.dcldc.org/


 

Advisors  

 
 

Uwe Thellmann 
Partner at Aurelius Equity 

 
Uwe has +20 years of     
experience in Marketing,   
Finance and Sales at P&G,     
Danone and Energizer.   
Responsible for portfolio   
companies in the consumer    
goods industry at Aurelius    
Private Equity.  

 
 

Sean Hoge 
Director VentureCoin 

 
Sean has been involved in     
the San Francisco tech    
scene for years. He was a      
co-founder of crossfader.fm,   
and later served as Head of      
Product at NVOLV. For Q2     
of 2017 his personal    
holdings ranked in the top     
1000 ERC-20 token holders    
in the world. 

 
 

Yuan Li 
Partner Nirvana Capital 

 
Yuan is a researcher and     
investor focusing on the    
blockchain sector. She has    
advised numerous public   
companies and blockchain   
startups during the past few     
years.  
 
 
 

 

 
 

Cathy Tao 
Director at Symphony SEA 

 
Cathy has advised over 500      
startups. She cofounded   
TourBoarding, a sharing   
economy startup, which was    
hired by AirBnB to launch in      
China. 

 
 

George Li 
CEO WeTrust 

 
George is the Co-Founder     

and CEO of WeTrust.io, a     
financial dApp platform.   
Previously with Google   
Business Strategy and   
McKinsey & Co. Stanford    
University Alum. 

 
 

Ben Chan 
Engineering Director BitGo 

 
Director of Engineering at     

BitGo and has vast    
experience in creating   
blockchain and wallet   
platforms. He created   
Ether.Li - the world's first     
multi-signature web wallet   
for Ethereum. 

 
 

20/25 



 

Contribution Period Risks  
BNTY Bounty0x coins are not securities, equity or profit-share mechanisms. Coin sale            
members should understand the risk of purchasing coins and read this Bounyt0x whitepaper             
in full before participating. Bounty0x staff are available to answer any questions at             
https://bounty0x.io live-chat and contact@bounty0x.io Technical Risk: Bounty0x BNTY        
contract is based on the ERC20 standard. All efforts will be made to ensure the contract is                 
free from technical bugs but once submitted to the Ethereum network, it is unable to be                
modified. Contributors should be intimate with Ethereum and blockchain technology to           
understand these risks. Contributors should understand the risks around private key storage            
and transmission. Hackers and criminal intervention: The Bounty0x contract address will be            
made available via https://bounty0x.io. History has shown that sometimes criminal elements           
attempt to take over computer and email servers in order to trick people into sending money                
to the wrong address. This may include social engineering. Bounty0x will implement all best              
practice security measures to thwart potential attacks. Contributors must make all           
reasonable efforts and follow all instructions from Bounty0x to ensure they are dealing with              
the correct contract address. Contributors should not use any smart-contract address           
published outside of https://bounty0x.io as it could be a scammer pretending to represent             
Bounty0x. Buyers should follow all security best-practice procedures as directed by           
Bounty0x. Tax & Regulatory risk The coin buyer must conduct their own due diligence to               
ensure that the jurisdiction they operate in complies with all local laws regarding             
cryptocurrency, tax, securities and other regulations. The Bounty0x contribution period may           
in the future be subject to local regulation. Disclaimer  
 
The site and the services, and all of the content, information and materials posted on or                
provided by or through the site or the services are provided on an "as is" and "as available"                  
basis, without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including without limitation, any             
warranty of accuracy or fitness for a particular purpose. by using the site and/or the services,                
you agree to use your own judgment, caution and common sense in managing all content,               
information, and materials offered and you agree that any use you make of such content,               
information or materials is at your own risk.  
 

DISCLAIMER  
This material is provided by Bounty0x. Ltd. (“Bounty0x”, the “Company”), for informational            
purposes only, and is not an offer or a solicitation to buy or sell any securities or other                  
financial instruments. Coins are not intended for speculation and afford the holder no rights              
in, or claims to, any of the assets of Bounty0x or to in any way share in any profits that                    
Bounty0x may achieve. Interested parties acknowledge agreeing to the Privacy Policy, and            
Terms and Conditions. This document is subject to change and must be accompanied by the               
previously agreed to documents, which remains in effect regardless of purchase decisions.            
This paper describes the current vision for the Bounty0x Platform. While we intend to              
attempt to realise this vision, please recognise that it is dependent on quite a number of                
factors and subject to quite a number of risks. It is entirely possible that the Bounty0x                

21/25 



 

Platform will never be implemented or adopted, or that only a portion of our vision will be                 
realised. We do not guarantee, represent or warrant any of the statements in this paper,               
because they are based on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions, about which             
there can be no assurance due to various anticipated and unanticipated events that 22/24              
may occur. Please know that we plan to work hard in seeking to achieve the vision laid out in                   
this paper, but that you cannot rely on any of it coming true. Blockchain, cryptocurrencies               
and other aspects of our technology and these markets are in their infancy and will be                
subject to many challenges, competition, regulation and a changing environment. We will try             
to update our community as things grow and change, but undertake no obligation to do so.                
Interested parties acknowledge that the Bounty0x Platform, as described in the Bounty0x            
whitepaper, may never in fact operate as intended. Bounty0x is intended solely as a              
mechanism for using the services offered through the Bounty0x Platform. As such, the             
Bounty0x may have a value of zero. Bounty0x BNTY are not for speculative investment. No               
promises of future performance or value are or will be made with respect to BNTY, including                
no promise of inherent value, no promise of continuing payments, and no guarantee that              
BNTY will hold any particular value. BNTY are not participation in the Company and hold no                
rights in said company. All proceeds received by Company may be spent freely by Company               
absent any conditions. 
 
Please read this notice carefully - it applies to all persons who view this webpage. Please                
note that the disclaimer set out below may be altered or updated, at any time in whole or in                   
part at the sole discretion of Bounty0x. (“Company”). You should read it in full each time you                 
visit the site. 
 
Viewing the materials available hereafter may not be lawful in certain jurisdictions. In other              
jurisdictions, only certain categories of person may be allowed to view such materials. Any              
person who wishes to view these materials must first satisfy themselves that they are not               
subject to any local requirements that prohibit or restrict them from doing so. In particular,               
unless otherwise determined by the Company and permitted by applicable law and            
regulation, it is not intended that any offering of the tokens mentioned in such materials (the                
"Tokens") by the Company should be made, or any documentation be sent, directly or              
indirectly, in or into, Australia, the British Virgin Islands, Canada, Japan, Jersey, New             
Zealand, Singapore, South Africa, Switzerland, or the United States (each, a “Restricted            
Territory”) and nor should it be accessed by any person who is a national citizen or resident                 
of a Restricted Territory, including corporations, partnerships, or other entities created or            
organised in any such jurisdiction. 
 
The materials are for information purposes only and do not constitute or form a part of any                 
offer or invitation to sell or issue, or solicitation of any offer, to purchase or subscribe for the                  
Tokens in any jurisdiction or jurisdictions in which such offers or sales are unlawful prior to                
registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. In particular,             
the Tokens have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as                  
amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered, sold, resold, pledged, taken up,              
exercised, renounced, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into the United             
States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the               
registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Securities will not be registered under             

22/25 



 

applicable securities laws of any state, province, territory, county or jurisdiction of a             
Restricted Territory. 
 
Accordingly, unless an exemption under the relevant securities law is applicable, the Tokens             
may not be offered, sold, pledged, taken up, exercised, resold, renounced, transferred or             
delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into a Restricted Territory where to do so would               
constitute a violation of the relevant laws of, or require registration thereof in, such              
jurisdiction. 
 
There will be no public offering of the Tokens in the United States. If you are not permitted to                   
view materials on this webpage or are in any doubt as to whether you are permitted to view                  
these materials, please exit this webpage. 
 
Basis of access 
 
The material may only be received by authorised persons (a person determined by the              
Company, in its sole discretion, entitled to receive the materials as prescribed by applicable              
laws and regulations, for example in EEA jurisdictions, pursuant to an exemption under the              
European Union's directive 2003/71/EC (as amended, including by directive 2010/73/EU),          
which includes, without limitation, the exemption relating to qualified investors (“Authorised           
Persons”). 
 
Access to electronic versions of these materials is being made available on this webpage by               
the Company in good faith and for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer                
of, or an invitation to purchase, the aforementioned tokens or any securities. Making press              
announcements and other documents available in electronic format does not constitute, or            
shall not be deemed to constitute, or form part of, an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer                    
to buy or otherwise deal in the Tokens or any other securities. Further, it does not constitute                 
a recommendation by the Company or any other party to sell or buy Tokens or any other                 
securities. 
 
All information is provided without any warranties of any kind and the Company, its              
employees, officers and/or advisors make no representations and disclaim all express and            
implied warranties and conditions of any kind, including, without limitation, representations,           
warranties or conditions regarding accuracy, timeliness, completeness, non-infringement,        
suitability of the Tokens for any prospective investor, and each of the Company, its              
employees, officers and/or professional advisors assume no responsibility to you or any third             
party for the consequence of errors or omissions. 
 
The information contained on this webpage and documents posted thereon may contain            
statements that are deemed to be “forward looking statements”. Such statements are            
prospective in nature. All statements other than historical statements of facts may be             
forward-looking statements. Statements containing the words “targets”, “plans”, “believes”,         
“expects”, “aims”, “intends”, “will”, “may”, “anticipates”, “estimates”, “projects” or “considers”          
or other similar words may be forward-looking statements. 
 

23/25 



 

Forward looking statements inherently contain risks and uncertainties as they relate to            
events or circumstances in the future. Users of this webpage should not place undue              
reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation or           
undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements except to the extent required             
by law and neither the Company, its employees, officers or professional advisors make any              
assurance, representation or guarantee that any event referred to in a forward-looking            
statement will actually occur. 
 
Unless otherwise determined by the Company and permitted by applicable law and            
regulation, copies of the contents of the following pages (including documents posted            
thereon) are not being, and must not be, released or otherwise distributed or transmitted in               
or into a Restricted Territory and persons receiving such documents (including custodians,            
nominees and trustees) must not distribute, forward to or transmit them in or into a               
Restricted Territory. 
 
The Company makes no representations that the information contained in this site is             
appropriate or available for use in other locations. The Company shall not have any              
responsibility in respect of access to it from territories whose laws prohibit such access or               
where any aspect of the content of the site may be illegal. Those who choose to access this                  
site from other locations do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are                 
responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. 
 
Confirmation of understanding and acceptance of disclaimer 
 
BY CLICKING ON THE "AGREE" BUTTON, YOU CERTIFY (BOTH TO BOUNTY0X., ITS            
EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS AND ITS ADVISORS) THAT: YOU CONFIRM THAT THE          
MATERIALS ARE AN INVITATION TO TREAT AND NOT AN OFFER FOR ANY TOKEN             
OR SECURITIES; YOU ARE NOT IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER            
RESTRICTED TERRITORY; YOU ARE NOT A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN RULE 902             
OF THE SECURITIES ACT) OR OTHERWISE RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES OR            
ANY OTHER RESTRICTED TERRITORY; YOU ARE NOT INVESTING OR OTHERWISE          
ACTING FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON OR A RESIDENT OF              
THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER RESTRICTED TERRITORY; YOU HAVE          
COMPLIED WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS AND ARE ABLE TO RECEIVE           
THE CONTENTS OF THE FOLLOWING PAGES (INCLUDING DOCUMENTS POSTED         
THEREON); YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE ACCESSING THESE          
WEBPAGES FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY; AND YOU HAVE READ,         
UNDERSTOOD AND AGREE TO THE DISCLAIMER ABOVE. 
 
 
 
 

24/25 



 

Appendix 
[1] Bitcointalk statistics: 
 ‘​https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=stats​’ 
 
[2] ICO funds raised: 
‘​https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/09/initial-coin-offerings-surpass-early-stage-venture-
capital-funding.html​’ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

25/25 

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=stats
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/09/initial-coin-offerings-surpass-early-stage-venture-capital-funding.html
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/09/initial-coin-offerings-surpass-early-stage-venture-capital-funding.html

