








































Microsoft Word - White Paper 2.6.1.docx


 
 

 
 
 

 
White paper 

 
 

 
 
 

November, 2017 



 

2	

carVertical White paper is a living document. 

 
We are constantly upgrading our white paper to answer all your 
questions and provide all information you could possibly need 
before participating in our ICO and understanding carVertical 

solution, products, and token. 
 

If you miss any kind of information, please reach out to us at: 
https://t.me/carVerticalio 

 
 

 

Version 2.6.2  

Updated: 2017-12-24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

3	

1. OVERVIEW [TL;DR]	 5	

2. WHICH SPECIFIC PROBLEMS ARE WE ADDRESSING?	 6	

2.1 SCATTERED DATA	 6	
2.2 UNWILLINGNESS TO DISCLOSE DATA OR LIMITED AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION	 6	
2.3 INTER-COUNTRY DATA LOSS OR ABSENCE OF SYNCED REGULATIONS BETWEEN COUNTRIES	 7	
2.4 VARIOUS NATURE OF DATA MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO DRAW CONCLUSIONS OR GET MARKET-
SPECIFIC INSIGHTS	 8	
2.5 UNFAIR TRADE PRACTICES DEFINED BY LAW, BUT HARDLY TRACEABLE IN TERMS OF TIMING	 8	
2.6 LACK OF TRUSTED SOURCE FOR VEHICLE VALUE	 8	

3. DEEP DIVE INTO SOLUTION	 9	

3.1 DATA FIRST	 10	
3.1.1 IOT MINERS	 10	
3.1.2 DATA ACCESSIBLE TO ONLY VEHICLE OWNER	 11	
3.1.3 TRUSTED SOURCES	 12	
3.2 VEHICLE VALUE	 12	
3.3 HISTORY REPORTS AND INSIGHTS	 12	

4. BUSINESS MODEL	 13	

4.1 CARVERTICAL.WALLET	 14	
4.1.2 CLOSED INFORMATION ACCESS CONTROL	 15	
4.1.3 CLAIMING VEHICLE	 15	
4.1.4 MARKETPLACE	 16	
4.1.5 NOTIFICATIONS	 16	
4.1.6 PUBLIC DATA AND DATA EXCHANGE	 17	
4.2 CARVERTICAL.REPORTS	 17	
4.3 CARVERTICAL.WHITELABEL	 18	
4.4 CARVERTICAL.API	 20	

5. BUSINESS ANALYSIS	 21	

5.1 MILESTONES & HIGHLIGHTS	 21	
5.2 CASHFLOW ANALYSIS	 22	
5.3 NOTES ON PRODUCT PRICING	 22	
5.4 SWOT ANALYSIS	 23	

6. TOKEN SALE & TOKEN MODEL	 25	

6.1 THE PURPOSE OF CARVERTICAL TOKEN	 25	
6.2 HOW IS TOKEN GOING TO BE USED IN CARVERTICAL?	 26	
6.3 RULES OF ICO	 28	
6.4 WHAT IS KYC AND WHY IS IT NEEDED?	 31	
6.5 PRIVACY AND SECURITY DURING KYC	 32	
6.6 REGISTRATION FOR ICO	 34	
6.7 TOKEN SALE	 35	
6.8 ARE CARVERTICAL TOKENS SECURITIES?	 38	

7. INDUSTRY TRENDS	 39	



 

4	

8. THE TEAM	 40	

9. PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT TIMELINE	 47	

10. FOR CONTRIBUTORS	 48	

6 SUBJECTIVE ARGUMENTS PROVING WHY CARVERTICAL TOKEN VALUEIS GOING TO GROW IN THE 
FUTURE	 48	



 

5	

1. Overview [TL;DR] 
 

● Automotive market is growing. Aftermarket is growing to an even larger 

extent. 

● Used vehicles change multiple owners and multiple countries. Real 

vehicle history does not exist, because car data does not travel as fast 

as cars do. 

● The lack of trusted vehicle history generates perfect ecosystem for 

unfair practices, which in turn generates false vehicle value. 

● Because of false value and unreliable vehicle history data, insurance 

companies overcharge for taking risks, therefore consumers overpay 

for it.  

● Vehicles generate a large amount of data which is monetized by third 

parties.  

● Data is owned by its creator, hence vehicle owner is the owner of data 

generated by their vehicle. However, today vehicle owner has no real 

control over data the vehicle generates. 

● We collect vehicle history, store it in blockchain and give back the 

control to the owner of the vehicle. 

● We are building tools and products for vehicles to generate more 

trusted data which is then added to blockchain. 

● We are creating incentive mechanisms for owners, so that they could 

get value for data their vehicles generate. 

● All data goes into creating a trusted, tamper-proof, and decentralized 

vehicle history registry.  

● By using vehicle history we are building a decentralized mechanism for 

transparently calculating vehicle value. 



 

6	

 

● History, reports, and value calculations will be sold to parties in need 

and vehicle owners, as content creators, will be rewarded. 

● This will bring transparency and trust to the used car market. 

2. Which Specific Problems Are We 
Addressing? 
 

2.1 Scattered Data 
Vehicle data is scattered across multiple sources and the only way to get a 

whole picture about a true state of the vehicle is by gathering it piece by 

piece. There are at least 7 primary car history parts: 

● The accuracy of odometer readings 

● Information about prior damage (as a result of various accidents) 

● Maintenance records 

● The number of previous owners 

● The legal status of a vehicle (e.g. stolen) 

● Possible ownership restrictions (e.g. liens) 

● Archive photos 

 
Each of these parts is scattered across a number of sources which, on top of 
that, differ depending on country or region. 
 
2.2 Unwillingness to Disclose Data or Limited Availability of 
Information 
None of the parties holding data about vehicles are willing to disclose it. 

Some data is closely linked to personal data, even though all of it can be 

depersonalized. Only a vehicle owner has rights to their data. 



 

7	

Unfortunately, in this area, content creators have no incentives to get their 

data, as they have no use for it. This is closely linked to the fact that 

organizations holding automotive data do not provide tools for data owners 

to collect it. 

 

This is yet another reason for today’s multi-billion car fraud business. 

 

2.3 Inter-country Data Loss or Absence of Synced Regulations 
between Countries 
Organizations within a country do not have infrastructure to share 

information in real time. The situation is even worse on the inter-country 

scale. Today's problems, economy, and used vehicle market are rapidly 

becoming more global. Centralized organizations which hold important data 

cannot catchup with the fast progress of globalization trends. As a result, 

every country (and every entity within the country) has its own rules for 

gathering and managing the data, and usually those rules are not aligned 

among different states. 

The time gap between deregistering a vehicle in one country and registering 

it in another usually marks a grey area where previous accidents are hidden 

and mileages are clocked. 



 

8	

2.4 Various Nature of Data Makes It Difficult to Draw 
Conclusions or Get Market-specific Insights 
Every organization, entity, and country has different data formats. Even basic 

units of length have not been unified yet (Germany has kilometers, the UK - 

miles, Sweden - Swedish miles). This creates even more difficulties in 

unifying vehicle history in today's global market. Getting complete 

conclusions and insights is practically impossible.  

 

2.5 Unfair Trade Practices Defined by Law, but Hardly 
Traceable in Terms of Timing 
There are laws protecting against these fraudulent and unfair practices. At 

the same time these law enforcement agencies are being blocked by simple 

lack of trusted information. Falsifying documents or tampering the odometer 

can be done much more quickly than it can be detected by law enforcement. 

After these falsifications, a vehicle is sold and link between the fraud and the 

person who commits it is lost. 

 
2.6 Lack of Trusted Source for Vehicle Value 
Today, there is no trusted way to calculate vehicle value. Vehicles are 

evaluated privately, with questionable data, and low accuracy by people who 

mainly base their decisions on personal experience. 

Accuracy, transparency, and trust are vitally important in this area as a lot of 

expensive decisions are made according to this number. 

 
 

 



 

9	

3. Deep Dive into solution 
 

carVertical is blockchain-based vehicle history registry. We collect large 

quantity of information from a lot of different trusted sources, organize it in 

the form of records and store it in blockchain. We then feed this information 

into our data analysis stack, which, by using machine learning and advanced 

mathematical models, calculates the real value. Most of our elements will be 

open sourced and our system will be moving to full decentralization to 

preserve transparency. We will incentivize and empower users to easily 

collect and get rewarded for the data they own. They are content creators.



 

10	

3.1 Data first 
There are three main data source categories: 

● IoT miners; 

● Data accessible to only a vehicle owner; 

● Trusted sources; 

 

3.1.1 IoT miners 
We are working with an industry-leading IoT device manufacturer to create 

the 1st version of carVertical miner. Installing these miners into your vehicle 

OBD slot will generate a stream of real time information which will be sent to 

our data farm for processing. In exchange, the owner of a miner will receive 

tokens as a reward. 



 

11	

3.1.2 Data Accessible to Only Vehicle Owner  
There is a number of data sources which can only be reached by a vehicle 

owner. We are working with advisors and partners to create ways for users 

to grant us access to such data in exchange for tokens. Primary sources of 

such information are local registries. Data will be depersonalized, securely 

stored, and encrypted. We do not need personal data. Only the data owner 

will be able to unlock and grant access to such information in exchange for 

tokens. This will allow user to control and receive value for their information. 

 

Every vehicle data exchange will have to pass Ethereum smart contract to be 

validated and unlocked. We are using Merkle tree with Merkle reduce list to 

store final state of vehicle data in Ethereum. 



 

12	

3.1.3 Trusted Sources 
Most of the vehicle history records are stored in closed and private 

databases. We are onboarding insurance, business fleets, state registries, 

classifieds, auctions, law enforcement agencies, and workshops to open 

vehicle data for vehicle owners. Such data exchange is in the best of interest 

to all parties: the owners who officially hold data and businesses that need 

this data to benefit. All exchanges will be done with carVertical token. 

 

3.2 Vehicle Value 
We are building a decentralized and open-sourced vehicle value calculation 

service. It will use information owned by users and will provide trusted, open, 

and collaborative source of true vehicle value. This is in high demand by a lot 

of service providers, such as insurance companies, car mortgage providers, 

leasing services, and many more. Frauds and inaccuracy are usually very 

expensive for such companies, while additional price is usually overpaid by 

customers. 

 

3.3 History Reports and Insights 
Our system will examine a vehicle's data, technical specifications, and other 

records, and provide the history of details, insights, as well as future 

predictions for the vehicle. Using these reports we are bringing trust and 

transparency into today’s chaotic, unfair and, very often, fraudulent second-

hand vehicle market. 



 

13	

4. Business Model 
 

One world - one decentralized registry for all vehicles. This is an 

unprecedented case. We are building a company which will allow users to 

truly own, control, and benefit from the data their vehicles generate. 

 

Our company's healthy life cycle is calculated on the soft cap of the ICO 

3050 Ethereum. This amount of money could help us safely build a company 

and run it for 5 years only developing products. We aim to start a revenue 

flow in a few months after we close the ICO with carVertical.reports (section 

4.2). Another product carVertical.WhiteLabel (section 4.3) will add income to 

cash flow in 13 months after completing the ICO and carVertical.API (section 

4.4) in 15 months. For detailed cash flow execution please check cash flow 

analysis (5.2). 

 

The main goal of the ICO: the hard cap of 15050 Ethereum is the most 

rational budget for our company’s 5 years runway with maximized marketing 

expenses. Additional budget gives us leverage to onboard databases of 

more different countries earlier and start selling our products in these 

countries. 

Producing car’s history blockchain registry will enable our team to build four 

different products which will fully utilize blockchain technology, the token of 

our company, and will be the core elements of a stable cash flow. 



 

14	

4.1 carVertical.Wallet	
Wallet is our front product. It will serve as a gateway to most of our services. 

It will directly communicate with Ethereum blockchain as well as other helper 

services. It is a mobile gateway to virtually manage your car's registration 

and maintenance records, perform insurance or technical inspection tasks, 

access marketplace, and manage access to your data Wallet functionality: 

● Closed information access control 

● Claiming vehicle 

● Marketplace 

● Notifications 

 

Monetization: service providers will have to pay cV Tokens to offer their 

services to vehicle owners. cV Tokens will be bought with FIAT from the pool 

or in exchange from other token holders. 



 

15	

4.1.2 Closed Information Access Control 
There is a number of record types in vehicle history. Users are able to control 

who can access which records, as well as enable public access to some of 

them.  

 

4.1.3 Claiming vehicle 
 By claiming a vehicle, you will register it as your property. A record will be 

kept in Ethereum blockchain. This will make you the owner of any data 

related to that vehicle. You will receive tokens when this data will be used. 



 

16	

Registration process will include verifying your identity to the public key of 

your wallet. Users will have to use Civic (we will implement more identity 

services later) to verify their identity (we will not be handling any personal 

data). And, after that, you will have to confirm that the vehicle you are 

claiming is officially registered to your name. This is done via your local 

vehicle registry. We are working with advisors to create such possibility in 

countries where it does not exist. 

 

4.1.4 Marketplace	
This is going to be a new way to use and manage outside services needed 

to run your vehicle smoothly. Buying/renewing insurance, ordering service 

checks, maintenance, and much more. Since we are going to have detailed 

information about vehicle and its status, service providers will be able to 

accurately target vehicles which require certain services. Targeting will cost 

tokens. Vehicle owners will be able to pay using tokens they currently own 

and receive discounts according to the amount of tokens they hold. 

Marketplace will be built with Ardor (an evolved version of NXT) blockchain. 

 

4.1.5 Notifications 
We will be able to notify users about the number of events which our 

Machine Learning will derive from the data: 

● Insurance renewal 

● Tech inspection 

● Vehicle issue (IoT) 

● Maintenance checkup 

● Recommended oil change 



 

17	

● Seasonal tire change 

● … and more, according to other parameters 

 

4.1.6 Public data and data exchange 
We would like to participate in such initiatives as IPDB [ipdb.io]. Users will be 

able to mark some records as viable for public use, such as odometer 

readings or minified versions of other records, as well as add integration via 

Ocean protocol [oceanprotocol.com]. This would provide users with more 

ways of benefiting from their data. 

 

4.2 carVertical.reports 
By utilizing this product we want to satisfy supply/demand for people who 

want to buy a second-hand car and car dealers. We will provide a unified 

and easy-to-read report which includes full car history and specific 

information about that particular vehicle. 



 

18	

More than 1.900.000 search queries about car VIN number check-up are 

estimated every month. And people get access to only low quality databases 

with dodgy and unreliable results, we are changing that. 

 

Monetization: fixed price per report & bulk report offers 

 

4.3 carVertical.WhiteLabel 
We feel the need to spread and ensure easy access to this registry for as 

many people as possible. Our belief is that the fastest way to do so is giving 

correct tools, which will help to localize and spread access, to others. Even if 

you have a good team, car history register database is quite difficult to 

establish as a B2C business model and it also is time-consuming. We will 

provide white label (franchise model) solution to everyone who wants to run 

such business on their own.  

For a monthly fee we will provide a white label buyer with: 

● Website templates 

● - Automatic report development system 

● - CMS (content management system) 

● - CRM system (customer relationship management) 

● - API; 

● - Payment processing 



 

19	

The buyer will only need to figure out how to create marketing for their 

product and selected country or region, and start earning revenue. 

 

More than 1.300.000 people worldwide look for white label (franchise) 

business opportunities every month. Creating such product as 

carVertical.WhiteLabel is a great solution to satisfy this demand and give 

online entrepreneurs an opportunity to start their local car VIN number 

check-up business. 

Monetization: fixed monthly subscription depending on quantity of reports 

generated.



 

20	

 

4.4 carVertical.API 
Big and medium size companies are always in a great need to expand their 

data sources.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Such companies as insurance, leasing or claim handling services buy plenty 

of database services every day to make their job easier. For big companies 

more data sources in their everyday job mean lower financing loss at the end 

of the year. 

carVertical.API is a product for big fish. We will provide them with an API 

(application programing interface) to get a really easy access to history, 



 

21	

report and value calculation services. An API can be easily integrated into 

their in-house systems and supported all the time from our side. 

 

Monetization: b2b monthly fee + for a quantity of API calls. 

 
5. Business Analysis 
	

5.1 Milestones & Highlights 
Five year milestones:  

1.  3rd year cash flow positive  

2.  presence of carVertical.Reports business in the EU, Asia, and the USA;  

3.  carVertical.Wallet launched and scaling. 

 

2018 highlights: building a database and  launching carVertical.Reports in 4 

European countries, 40.000 reports sold  

2019 highlights: launching in 9 more European countries, introducing API 

and "white label", preparing for a carVertical.Wallet, 290.000 reports sold  

2020 highlights: launching carVertical.Wallet beta version, entering 10 more 

markets with reports, 850,000 reports sold  

2021 highlights: entering Asia, Middle East and South Africa Republic with 

reports, launch of wallet in selected European markets, 1.500.000 reports 

sold 



 

22	

2022 highlights: wallet scaling entering the USA, Canada, and completing 

onboard of Europe with reports, 2.200.000 reports sold 

 

5.2 Cashflow Analysis 

  
2018 

 
2019 

 
2020 

 
2021 

 
2022 

 
Funds needed EUR 

 
786.000 

 
3.360.000 

 
4.161.000 

 
2.306.000 

 
2.106.000 

Remaining end of the year 
EUR 

 
400.000 

 
2.064.000 

 
7.104.000 

 
11.324.000 

 
12.630.000 

Marketing & Sales EUR  
230.000 

 
1.590.000 

 
2.280.000 

 
3.335.000 

 
4.150.000 

Operational Expenses EUR  
556.000 

 
2.170.000 

 
3.945.000 

 
6.075.000 

 
9.280.000 

Sales, total EUR  
400.000 

 
2.944.000 

 
9.168.000 

 
18.428.000 

 
27.204.000 

carVertical.Reports EUR  
400.000 

 
2.610.000 

 
8.500.000 

 
16.500.000 

 
24.200.000 

carVertical.API EUR    
250.000 

 
500.000 

 
1.300.000 

 
2.000.000 

carVertical.WhiteLabel EUR    
84.000 

 
168.000 

 
378.000 

 
504.000 

carVertical.Wallet EUR        
250.000 

 
500.000 

Operating profit EUR: -386000 -1296000 2943000 9 018000 10 524000 

 

5.3 Notes on Product Pricing 
carVertical.report pricing the net price of carVertical.Reports growing from 8 

to 12 EUR avg. daily sales growing up to 200. 



 

23	

carVertical.API pricing the average net price of carVertical.API - 10.000 

eur/year per client.  

carVertical.WhiteLabel pricing the average net price of carVertical.API - 350 

eur/month per client. 

 

5.4 SWOT Analysis 

Strengths 
 1. carVertical is a blockchain registry. This means that data cannot be 

changed, faked, rewritten or manipulated.  

2. carVertical is the first solution in the world which took blockchain-based 

approach to the car history sector.  

3. Our team has a team member who has worked in car history database 

market for years.  

4. Blockchain for our products automatically guarantees trust and 

transparency as a unique selling proposition.  

5. Three products (.reports, .WhiteLabel & .API) will guarantee a stable 

cashflow for our company in a very short time after ICO.  

6. Our carVertical.Wallet product will feature an integration with Civic Identity 

Verification process. It is becoming an industry standard.  

7. carVertical.WhiteLabel product will guarantee a faster spread of our 

blockchain registry all over the world.  

8. Performance team! Faster than autoDNA and more technologically 

advanced than CARFAX. 



 

24	

Weaknesses  

1. Data gathering starts from scratch. In the case of scraped information, it 

will take about 2 years for it to become valuable.  

2. It will also take some time to overcome some VIN-checking services 

which are well-known on the regional level. 

 

Opportunities  

1. carVertical.API product will not only guarantee possibility to approach and 

sell blockchain registry to big companies, but also turn them into our data 

sources.  

2. From marketing perspective, it is always easier to penetrate such market 

which does not want to change and innovate itself.  

3. carVertical is the first blockchain-based car history solution. It means a 

great potential to become an industry standard. 

4. carVertical also has an opportunity to become the first global vehicle 

registry. 

 

 

Threats  

1. carVertical most heavily relies on Ethereum, as that is where the registry 

will be stored. Any threat to Ethereum is a threat to carVertical.  

2. As trust in ICOs is in fast decline, we might raise money slower, which will 

slow down the product development.  



 

25	

3. Legislation. Some countries treat VIN as personal information. Not clear, 

but EU might enforce directive that states VIN as personal information. This 

might make getting and storing information more difficult as we will need to 

conform to more standarts. 

 

6. Token Sale & Token Model 
In this section, we are going to summarize the process of carVertical token 

model, distribution & utilization. More detailed terms and conditions will be 

set out in the terms and conditions of the carVertical token sale which will be 

made available on our website www.carvertical.io. 

 

6.1 The Purpose of carVertical Token 
carVertical token is NOT AN ASSET, NOR A SECURITY. It is a utility token. 

carVertical tokens do not represent or confer any ownership right or stake, 

share, security, or equivalent rights, or any right to receive dividends, other 

payments, intellectual property rights, or any other form of participation in or 

relating to the project described in this white paper and/or in carVertical or 

any of its affiliates. The holders of carVertical token are only entitled to use 

carVertical products as described in this document if successfully 

developed, or to resell the tokens.  

 

The cV token itself will be based on Ethereum, a blockchain-based 

computing platform. Ethereum allows smart contracts – distributed 

computer programs which can facilitate online contractual agreements in a 

cryptographically secure manner. Smart contracts are what enables the  



 

26	

existence of carVertical token as a truly transparent and decentralized 

service. This technology also ensures that carVertical removes the need for 

intermediaries and having a central authority you need to trust, through 

smart contracts, the complex process of choosing peers, tracking delivery 

and facilitating bidding/payment can be described in the contract itself, while 

still running on the distributed Ethereum network and taking advantage of 

the blockchain qualities.  

 

cV are distributed and kept on the main Ethereum network. To optimize the 

transaction cost and performance, all micro transactions are processed off-

chain and only the final stakes are returned to the Ethereum network. We 

believe in the idea of keeping tokens on Ethereum and see it as a bank 

platform, and an excellent platform to enter exchange markets. 

 

6.2 How Is Token Going to be Used in carVertical? 
The usage of a cV token described by product: 

 

carVertical.Wallet: 

A person can earn cV by using carVertical.Wallet product. The person will 

earn a small amount of cV by downloading the carVertical.Wallet mobile 

application, confirming their identity with Civic identity verification 

blockchain, and confirming their car’s ownership with their country's national 

car registry. Using wallet user will be able to provide access to his/her data 

kept by third parties, which will earn additional tokens. Also, there will be  



 

27	

some referral programs for carVertical.Wallet with a small amount of cV 

tokens as a reward. 

 

Service or product providers will need to pay cV tokens (or other crypto or 

FIAT currency) for a possibility provided by carVertical to make offers (e.g. 

insurance offer) to the carVertical.Wallet users. 

 

A carVertical.Wallet user will be able to buy service or products from 

providers by paying a cV token (or other crypto or FIAT currency). 

carVertical.Reports: 

A person or a company will be able to purchase a report about a particular 

car by using a cV token (or other crypto or FIAT currency). 

 

carVertical.WhiteLabel: 

A person or a company will be able to buy a carVertical.WhiteLabel solution 

by using cV token (or other crypto or FIAT currency) and start their own car 

VIN checkup business in their country. 

 

 carVertical.API: 

A person or a company will be able to buy a carVertical.API solution by using 

cV token (or other crypto or FIAT currency) access carVertical database by 

provided API solution and easily integrate our data to their systems. 



 

28	

 

cV Token graphic flow: 

 

6.3 Rules of ICO 
carVertical will launch only ONE public initial coin offering (ICO) during which 

a token sale will be held. It will take place on https://www.carvertical.io. The 

ICO will start on the date which will be determined soon. Contributors who 

plan to purchase up to 2,5 ETH worth of cV will not be required to get 

whitelisted. The hard cap of the carVertical ICO is 15050 ETH. The soft cap - 

3050 ETH. The pre ICO stage is 1050 ETH. 



 

29	

carVertical public token sale will be executed in 6 waves. The first wave is 

considered a pre-ICO and is worth 1050 ETH. All funds contributed during 

the pre-ICO wave will be used for marketing & legal expenses of the 

carVertical ICO campaign. 

 

Wave 2 (2000 ETH) is considered the soft cap (Total with Wave 1 - 3050 

ETH). If the company does not reach soft cap (End of Wave 2), all 

contributions will be refunded. In such case only contributors that 

participated in wave 2 will get their contributions back. All pre-ICO (wave 1) 

contributors will not be able to refund their donations. 

 

All waves will be executed by ERC-20 standard and the token sale will be 

distributed via smart contracts on the Ethereum Network. The smart contract 

will cover all six waves including pre-ICO stage (Wave 1). The smart contract 

will automatically close in 100 days after the start of first wave. carVertical 

Tokens will be distributed to all contributors only after the end date of the 

smart contract or if the token crowdsale reaches its hard cap (15050 ETH).  

 

 



 

30	

Individual maximum purchase cap - 2000 ETH, individual minimum purchase 

cap - 0,1 ETH.  

 

Rules of ICO 30: Additionally, during the registration an intended to be used 

Ethereum wallet address should be provided. It will be used for transferring 

ether and receiving carVertical tokens. The address provided and beneficiary 

address must be the same. One contributor will be able to make only one 

transfer. The wallet must be ERC-20 approved. A list of recommended 

wallets is provided below. 

 

DO NOT PARTICIPATE IN TOKEN SALES DIRECTLY FROM 

CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE ADDRESSES. YOU NEED A TOKEN 

COMPATIBLE ETHEREUM WALLET.  

 

cV will be transferred after the reach of the soft cap. When the soft cap is 

reached, the cV will be transferred immediately after the transaction is made. 

During the ICO, carVertical tokens will be locked, until the end of the  



 

31	

ICO. cV will be listed in exchanges in 6-16 weeks after the ICO is finished. If 

not all the cV are sold during our token sale, the remaining tokens will be 

shared to all ICO (43%) contributors proportionally. These tokens will be 

transferred when a person makes a transaction using carVertical token. Any 

transaction will be applicable, even to the same wallet. In an unlikely event, if 

the soft cap is not reached, contributors will get refunded automatically 

(except wave 1 - soft cap). 

 

 

 

6.4 What Is KYC and Why Is it Needed? 
 
COMPANY WILL EXECUTE POST FACT KYC PROCESS. KYC PROCESS WILL BE 

EXECUTED ONLY FOR THAT PART OF CONTRIBUTIONS WHICH WILL BE 

CONVERTED TO FIAT AND TRANSFFERED TO BANK. 

 
The primary objective of token sale registration is to enforce a mandatory 

Know-Your-Customer (KYC) check to prevent identity theft, terrorist 



 

32	

financing, money laundering, and financial fraud. It also allows our team to 

understand our token holders better and manage risks prudently. 

At carVertical we take social responsibility very seriously, thus, we believe 

that it is important to play our part in combating money laundering and 

terrorism financing. That is why we have benchmarked ourselves to the 

same KYC standards typically adopted by banks and financial institutions 

globally. The due diligence process includes screening against international 

sanction/terrorist lists, politically exposed persons, and people with adverse 

reputation. Risk assessment and onboarding outcome will be performed and 

determined through the use of a proprietary software. The KYC process is 

comprised of two parts, in the following order: 

1. Automated. Your details, as provided by you, will be checked against 

public sanctions and alert lists. This step will be performed by a KYC 

solution firm based in Singapore.  

2. Manual. If the automated step is successful, we will manually verify that 

the information provided matches the identification document photos 

submitted by you. 

 

6.5 Privacy and Security during KYC 
Our members’ privacy and security are of utmost importance to us. As such, 

please find below the measures which will be employed to ensure your 

privacy and security:  

 

1. Only an encrypted version of your data is stored in our public servers. The 

decryption key is stored in a private server. The public servers cannot initiate 



 

33	

connections to this private server. All decryption happens in our private 

server which only the founding team has access to.  

2. Email addresses will not be stored in our public servers, instead, only a 

hash of each email will be stored in those servers. All emails sent in regards 

to the registration processes will be sent from the private server.  

3. Your data is not retrievable even if the password is compromised. Your 

password does not give you access to your data, but rather only enables 

you to re-submit your data if, and only if, requested by the carVertical team.  

4. All data collected during the manual KYC will be only and exclusively 

stored on our company computers, as the entire process will be performed 

in our offices. For this purpose, new computers dedicated solely to this task 

will be acquired and all information will be wiped out from the memory drives 

of these machines after the checks are completed. 

Once process is finished, data will be encrypted and stored privately for 

potential future audit requests from authorities.  

 

Neither carVertical, nor Onfido will share members’ personal data with 3rd 

parties without prior consent. You should take these precautions:  

 

1. Never send Ethereum to any address during the registration process. 

There is only ONE public token sale date and it is specified on our website: 

www.carvertical.io.  

 

2. Bookmark the registration, and never visit the registration site following 

any email links. 



 

34	

3. Never trust emails related to the particular sale details (such as the hard 

cap, Ethereum address to send to, etc.). Remember that sender’s email 

address can be easily forged. 4. Never reply to our emails. Perform all your 

operations on our website only. You can check your registration status on 

our website using your account. 

 

6.6 Registration for ICO 
Registration for carVertical ICO and token sale will be held on our website 

https://www.carvertical.io. When the token sale is launched, please double-

check the address in the browser, because scammers might create similar 

websites to trick you.  

 

Some contributors who are planning to purchase up to 2,5 ether worth of cV 

will be asked to do post fact KYC process. KYC process will be me made 

only for that part of contributions which will be fixated and converted to FIAT 

and send to Bank account 

 

Registration to ICO and purchaise:  

1. Visit our website https://www.carvertical.com;  

2. Choose “Contribute Now”;  

3. Enter your personal details and ERC20 standard wallet (recommended 

MyEtherWallet.com);  

4. Select the type of currency you want to use for contribution; 

5. Read and agree to Terms & Conditions;  



 

35	

6. Contribute;  

7. Make the transfer and you will receive cV after the soft cap is reached (if it 

is reached, you will receive them immediately). Warning: Only send ETH from 

ERC-20 compliant wallets which allow you to control your private key. Make 

sure to backup your private key. Do NOT send them from an exchange, 

because your ETH will be lost. 

 

6.7 Token Sale 
Our main goal is to establish a working company with cash positive revenue 

stream in the shortest period possible and achieve a stable growth of the 

company and community. That is why we are going to set an equal and 

individually assigned purchase cap for each contributor during the ICO.  

 

 

 
 

TOKEN PRICE: 1 ETHEREUM = 240 000 cV + Wave Bonus 
 



 

36	

 

  
 

ETHEREUM 

 
CAR 

VERTICAL 
TOKEN (cV) 

 

 
BONUS % 

 

 
CAR 

VERTICAL 
TOKEN (cV) 
with bonus 

 

 
Wave 1 

 

 
1050 ETH 

 

 
252 000 000 

 

 
45% 

 

 
365 400 000 

 

 
Wave 2 

 

 
2000 ETH 

 

 
480 000 000 

 

 
35% 

 

 
648 000 000 

 

 
Wave 3 

 

 
3000 ETH 

 

 
720 000 000 

 

 
25% 

 

 
900 000 000 

 

 
Wave 4 

 

 
3000 ETH 

 

 
720 000 000 

 

 
15% 

 

 
828 000 000 

 

 
Wave 5 

 

 
3000 ETH 

 

 
720 000 000 

 

 
10% 

 

 
792 000 000 

 

 
Wave 6 

 

 
3000 ETH 

 

 
720 000 000 

 

 
5% 

 

 
756 000 000 

 

 
Total 

 

 
15050 ETH 

 

 
3 612 000 000 

 

  
4 289 400 000 

 

 

The carVertical ICO and token sale is expected to be organized in 6 waves. 

Such ICO model is introduced for the convenience of contributors: 1. they 

will receive BONUS tokens; 2. it is a more transparent way to present what 

carVertical features are proposed to be fulfilled. 



 

37	

 

 Percentage Number of CAR 
VERTICAL TOKEN 

(cV) 

Est. value in 
ETHEREUM 

Total 100% 9 975 348 837 35 000 

ICO 43% 4 289 400 000 15 050 

Team 14% 1 396 548 837 4 900 

Founders 13% 1 296 795 349 4 550 
 

Early 
carVertical.Wallet 
users 

23% 2 294 330 233 
 

8 050 

Special Coins 1% 99 753 488 350 

Organizational 
expenses 

6% 598 520 930 2 100 
 

 

The team and founder tokens will be vested in 4-year period to show our 

commitment to the overall success of carVertical. 

ICO - total pool of cV dedicated for token sale.  

Team - bonuses for the team. Locked and vested in 4 years.  

Founders - locked for 4 years.  

Early birds - to accelerate a worldwide adoption of carVertical, these tokens 

will be given to major global companies free of charge in order to make them 

start using carVertical service. These tokens are not locked.  

Special Coins - special coins which will be donated to victims of accidents 

which were caused by drivers who were driving a car sold by an unfair 

dealer.  



 

38	

Organizational expenses - expenses for the ICO organization, legal services, 

incorporation, advisors, third party services, and marketing. 

 

6.8 Are carVertical Tokens Securities? 
No, carVertical tokens are not and are not intended to be securities, financial 

instruments, or investment products of any kind. 

For example, with purposes of financial regulation in the European Union a 

“security” is often defined with a reference to “transferable security” within 

the meaning of the EU Directive on markets in financial instruments 

(MiFID)[1]. According to MiFID, “transferable securities” means those classes 

of securities which are negotiable on the capital market, with an exception of 

instruments of payment, such as:  

 

(a) shares in companies and other securities equivalent to shares in 

companies, partnerships or other entities, and depositary receipts in respect 

of shares;  

 

(b) bonds or other forms of securitized debt, including depositary receipts in 

respect of such securities;  

 

(c) any other securities giving the right to acquire or sell any such 

transferable securities or giving rise to a cash settlement determined by  



 

39	

reference to transferable securities, currencies, interest rates or yields, 

commodities or other indices or measures. 

 

carVertical does not qualify as “transferable security” for the above 

purposes. carVertical as a utility token in the future will only provide 

opportunity to access carVertical services of. The aim of the carVertical 

token is to make it possible for people to buy carVertical products as well as 

with other crypto or FIAT currency.  

 

If carVertical was not based on the blockchain technology, it would be 

similar to purchasing a ticket or other document which proves that the 

person has a right to use a particular service. 

 

7. Industry Trends 
 
So far, the automotive community seems to be excited about blockchain 

evolvement. Some promising new cooperation possibilities and ventures 

have arisen, and they rush to provide various solutions to the market. It is 

not a product phase yet, but rather proofs of concept.  

 

For example, Volkswagen Financial Services (VWFS), coupled with several 

partners, is developing CarPass in an effort to centralize all information 

about a car to a shared immutable and transparent database, immune to 

fraud or falsification. Telemetry and sensor data introduce all manner of 

possibility in what could be registered on such a ledger.  



 

40	

Toyota has also announced a plan to use blockchain to amass driving data 

which will help them to develop driverless cars. The Japanese manufacturer 

is working on developing applications and proofs of concept for three areas 

of the new mobility ecosystem: driving/testing data sharing, car/ride share 

transactions, and usage-based insurance. 

 

Other major automakers, including Porsche, Daimler, and Renault, have also 

taken steps to investigate or integrate blockchain technology. For instance, 

in April 2017, Porsche launched a competition inviting blockchain start-ups 

to suggest how blockchain technology could be applied to its business. 

According to Frost & Sullivan, participants in the automotive sector are 

expected to spend approximately 0.6% of their total IT spend on blockchain 

technology by 2025. Ranging from supply chain management to leasing, a 

variety of automotive industry verticals have been identified, where 

blockchain has the potential to be a disruptor. The industry is, therefore, 

beginning to build momentum to experience blockchain penetration outside 

of an R&D or a lab setting. 

 

8. The Team  
 

Audrius Kucinskas 

Audrius is the leader of the project and blockchain guru. He has been 

developing web and software products since 2007, mainly specializing in 

DevOps engineering and iOS development. If Audrius was not a programmer, 

he would definitely be a scuba diver. 



 

41	

Robertas Boravskis is a graduate of University of Greenwich with a 

background in marketing and business development. He is a co-owner of 

gpswox.com, #1global GPS tracking service provider. Since the beginning of 

2017, Rob is also an active crypto investor. 

  

Rokas Medonis 

Rokas is a business development superstar, currently acting as a board 

member in StartupHighway, private venture capital fund. He is responsible for 

various online and offline products in the Baltics. Rokas is also the man 

behind “Keule Ruke” fast food chain brand, known for bold guerilla marketing 

solutions, such as “Putin kissing Trump” and others. 

Šarunas Legeckas 

An experienced Chief Executive Officer with a demonstrated history of 

working in the internet industry. Skilled in management, start-ups, leadership, 

business development, and business strategy. A strong entrepreneurship 

professional with a master’s degree in Msc Innovation, Creativity and 

Enterprise Management from Newcastle University. 

  

Aleksandras Nelkinas 

Alex is an experienced software engineer, focusing on frontend development 

since 2009. During his career, Alex has held senior developer positions in 

Hostmaker (#11 among the top 100 UK startups), Wrap Media LLC, 

Soundest, and others. 



 

42	

Adomas Baltagalvis is a amazing ROI channels performance marketer. He 

is famous for such amazing marketing campaigns as Filippo Loreti watch 

kickstarter campaigns which has raised mor than 4 million EUR. 

 

Gediminas Cibulskis 

Storyteller at work and in real life, Gediminas is a creative copywriter in VRS 

WPI Vilnius agency. With master’s degree in philology, he is a tough one to 

beat when it comes to communication. Gediminas has an abundant collection 

of trophies, including Cannes Young Lions award. 

 

Nerius Rutkauskas 

Senior data analyst who is used to working with large quantities of data. 

Nerius has more than 7 years of working as a data analyst in Mark Monitor, a 

company whose clients are almost half of Fortune 500 companies. 

Justinas Gulbinas 

Backend software engineer with experience in working with various 

technological stacks and large profile of international products. 

 

Martynas Kavaliauskas 

When it comes to connected cars, Martynas has some experience to share. 

Since 2014, he is the co-founder & CEO of GPSWOX, global GPS tracking 

service provider. Before that, Martynas was an IT director at German's Otto 

GmbH. 

 

 



 

43	

Aleksandras Gaška 

With 3 years of experience focused towards customer satisfaction, a little 

while back served as a community relations manager and jack-of-all-trades at 

Monetha (raised $37 million in 18 minutes) and community relations / blog 

writer at Mysterium Network (raised $14 million in 45 minutes). 

Helps carVertical with the long-term growth and partnerships, as well as the 

Blockchain side of the project, including the economical token model. 

 

Nicolas Klaus 

Nicolas is a Berlin-based business development manager, excited about the 

changes that blockchain brings. With the Master's degree from University of 

Amsterdam, Nicolas is helping carVertical with communication and 

partnerships. 

 

Arūnas Vaitkus 

Arunas started his professional career 7 years ago in an international Law 

Publishing company in London starting as a developer, quickly following to 

Data Architect Lead role and leading a multi-continental team responsible for 

delivering part of global publishing platform. As part of technology stack and 

shift towards Big Data, Arunas had a chance to work on NoSQL database 

that in the end lead to opening of a consultancy company. Further down in his 

career, Arunas took an opportunity in consulting a leading Swiss investment 

bank over the implementation and delivery of NoSQL Data Warehouse. Also, 

whilst consulting, Arunas and his team had a chance to work on Oracle, data 

visualisation and BI tools. After that Arunas worked on blockchain document 

storage and retrieval projects. Lately, his focus is in an international company 



 

44	

building agricultural data analytics platform for big farmers globally along with 

food processors and investors. Current technology includes NoSQL 

databases, semantics & ontologies powered by a blockchain technology. 

 

 

Advisors: 
John Mack 

President & CEO CIE Automotive China 

Mr. Mack is a top automotive executive, previously employed by BMW, 

General Motors and FIAT Group. He lived in countries such as Australia, 

Germany, Italy, France, Poland, USA, Thailand, Singapore, China and 

others.  

Mr. Mack’s areas of Expertise include Automotive Business strategy, 

Operations strategy, Design and Development of cars. He studied 

Mechanical Engineering in Swinburne Australia and received MBA from 

European University in Germany. 

 

Brian Dublin 

CFO Sterling Eastern (Zug, Switzerland) 

Mr. Dublin is Zug (Switzerland) based CFO who has led business 

transformation & delivered growth in $multi-billion companies. His corporate 

experience include Zymtech AG, Virgin Media Internet, SPI Group, TMP 

Worldwide. Mr. Dublin is the graduate of Columbia University. 

 

 



 

45	

Tadas Volbikas 

CEO & Board Member Legator 

Corporate experience: 10 years of active leadership, structuring and 

executing operations of insurance brokerage. Areas of expertise: automotive 

insurance, finance, banking. 

 

Steve Chernysh 

Vice President, Russian Association of Automotive Dealers 

Mr. Chernysh is an experienced automotive executive. He has been working 

with top automotive brands, including Volvo, Mazda, Kia and Toyota. Mr.  

Chernysh's areas of expertise cover automotive sales management, business 

development and investments. 

 

Anatoly Ressin 

CEO BlockVis 

Blockchain, cryptography expert and a current contractor of famous Civic.  

Mr. Ressin believes that blockchain will prevail and ultimately change our way 

of thinking about the entirety of the ever-changing Digital World. 

 

Amongst numerous initiatives, Mr. Ressin has also contributed to those 

changes by participating in the development of Civic and by organising 

blockchain competence and education activities. 

 

 

 



 

46	

Jonas Udris 

Deputy Director Lithuanian Center of Registers 

Corporate experience: 10 years of active leadership, structuring and 

executing operations of insurance brokerage. Areas of expertise: automotive 

insurance, finance, banking. 

 

Mindaugas Valančius 

Ex-Data Protection Lawyer COBALT Legal 

Corporate experience: Valiunas Ellex, Mykolas Romeris University, Legal 

Services Group Ltd. Areas of expertise: data protection, IT and IP. 

 

Peter Kuepper 

Head of Transmissions’ Program Management BMW Group 

Project experience: BMW i3 powertrain, Rolls-Royce powertrain. Areas of 

expertise: electric vehicles, electronic control units, vehicle diagnostics. 

 

Raid Naim 

Ex-IT Chief Architect BMW Group 

 
Corporate experience: mobile.international GmbH (eBay Inc.), BMW of North 

America, Futurice (Germany). Areas of expertise: digital transformation, lean 

management, agile software development. 

 



 

47	

 
9. Product development timeline 
 
The carVertical ICO will start on 26th of December 2017 and end on 4th of 

April 2018 or when it hit hard cap. During the 2018, we will develop a working 

carVertical product (web product and apps), which can cover B2C, B2B & 

Public access parts of the business model. From January 2018, we will start 

on-boarding different local and global databases and registers which belong 

to countries or private owners and start getting revenue on June 2018. 

 

 



 

48	

10. For Contributors 
 
6 subjective arguments proving why carVertical Token valueis 
going to grow in the future 
 
1. carVertical is projected to start generating revenue from its products in July 

2018. Our cash flow analysis states that in five years we will hit a revenue of 

27,204,000 EUR with EBITDA of 10,524,000 EUR. 

 

2. Token will be the only way to buy carVertical services. Stacking comes in 

place: person who owns more carVertical tokens gets significant discounts 

when buying our products. That means cheaper API calls, reports, whitelabel, 

car insurance and other services. 

 

3. carVertical Token value will directly correlate with effectiveness of our 

service. Effectiveness of the service will be determined by efficiency of our 

machine learning and mathematical models. Machine learning and 

mathematical models will get better over time with more data. 

 

4. The users carVertical onboards generate more and more data over time. 

So the value of the token will grow exponentially with the number of users we 

will onboard. 

 

5. The team is already building this product. ICO came as an opportunity, not 

as a goal. This proves that carVertical is not just another ICO. We have 

signed agreement with Diginet, biggest classifieds website group in Baltic 

states, to deliver white label solution for their auto classified sites. 



 

49	

 

6. All national and privately held registries will move to blockchain in a few 

years. We’re going to be the first “sitting at the table” when governments and 

big companies come searching for the solutions to their needs. 


