











































Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
1

H
O
D
L

Deposit coins. Borrow cash  
against your cryptocurrency. 

Earn interest.



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
2

Crypto Collateral 

Members will be able to borrow USD against their 
crypto holdings in their wallet which will be used as 
collateral. Our goal is to allow anyone who’s in need 
of cash to easily borrow from the Celsius platform 
without having to sell their crypto holdings. The ability 
to take loans in dollars against your cryptocurrency 
will be available after the Celsius tokens are issued.

The Celsius Wallet

Crypto Interest 

In the future, through the Celsius Network, 
cryptocurrencies deposited by members into their 
Celsius Wallet will earn POS fees and be available on the 

network for immediate borrowing and shorting for a 
fee. Coins that are lent from member wallets or used as 
POS collateral will begin to accrue interest in the form of 
Celsius Tokens (CEL), allowing members to earn up to 9% 
annual interest*.

* This functionality is not yet available and will be rolled out in future. This functionality may be conditional on 
regulatory approvals, which Celsius will obtain as a condition for rolling out these features.

The Celsius Wallet will be one of the only online crypto wallets designed to allow members to use coins as 
collateral to get a loan in dollars, and in the future, to lend their crypto to earn interest on deposited coins (when 
they’re lent out).



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
3

Introducing: The Celsius Token (CEL)

In conjunction with the launch of the Celsius Crypto Wallet, we’re excited to introduce the Celsius Token 
(CEL). After our Token Generation Event, members will be able to use their CEL tokens to secure access 
to loans in dollars using their crypto as collateral. In the future, members who deposit coins in their 
Celsius Wallets will also be able to earn CEL Tokens as a reward for lending to the network. 

We’re designing CEL (ERC20 Token) to be the backbone of the Celsius Network, creating 
a value-driven lending and borrowing platform for all our members. 

E=MC

The Celsius Token (CEL), at the moment of the Token Generation Event (TGE),  will have utilities including: 

• the ability to become a member in the Celsius platform and community

• the ability to deposit your cryptocurrencies in the Celsius wallet

• the ability to apply for dollar loans with cryptocurrencies as collateral

• the ability to pay interest on these loans at a discount

In the future, the CEL token will have additional utilities including: 

• allowing members to lend cryptocurrencies in order to gain interest

• achieving seniority in the platform which will impact the interest rate gained

• get interest rewards on cryptocurrencies lended

Celsius’ community will continue to grow as more 
and more people are able to get loans in dollars 
using their crypto as collateral or as they lend 
their unused coins as credit to other members. 
Crypto assets holders can get more CEL tokens the 
more they loan and borrowers pay less to hedge 
their positions. As more people join the Celsius 
ecosystem, the more everyone benefits.

Ethereum
Celsius
Credit

Members

2



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
4

Banking is Broken

Celsius is driven to create a financial platform where your interests are our top priority.

Members may be holding crypto, but now they need to buy a car or pay down 
expensive credit card debt. Unfortunately, most car dealerships or banks still don’t 
want cryptocurrency. We believe crypto assets hold real value, and it should be 
easy for crypto holders to leverage this value to borrow cash.

We want to make borrowing cash a whole lot easier. Celsius’ goal is to allow its 
members to use their crypto holdings as collateral in order to secure low interest 
loans in dollars. Rather than selling their crypto (pay taxes and forfeit potential 
future gains), with Celsius they can leverage their cryptocurrency to borrow the 
cash they need today, while still maintaining their crypto portfolio for future 
value. 

Crypto Collateral = Cash in Hand

Anyone with cryptocurrency sitting in cold storage or on some exchange or wallet, 

is earning exactly zero interest. We believe there should be a way for crypto 
holders to HODL coins while still leveraging their crypto assets and helping other 
crypto holders.  

Crypto Interest
By depositing coins on the Celsius Network, crypto asset holders will be able to 
earn up to 9% interest for their lent coins. We plan to offer a large array of lending 
options, from one-day to one-year contracts, all with highly competitive interest 
rates. With Celsius, members will be able to easily earn interest on their crypto 
assets the same way they earn on the savings in the bank - but with much better 
rates.

1

2

Sometimes You Just Need Cash

Wallets Without Interest, Nobody Wins



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
5

Banking is Broken

Most financial institutions still don’t get cryptocurrency. They want to short the 
market because they’re blinded by being so late to the party on this one. Right 
now, there’s no good place for them to go to bet against the cryptocurrency 
market other than expensive futures markets like the CME and centralized 
exchanges.

Sure, Go ahead and short 
Hedge funds, family offices and crypto funds still want to play in the world of 
cryptocurrency. Fortunately for us, they are willing to pay high fees to do so, 

so many of them want to short the market. After the Token Generation Event is 
completed, we will begin working on our platform that will allow us to make the 
most of their greed by taking up to 50% cash deposits and charging them interest 
when they hedge. This lets us pass most of the earnings back to the community 
and lend more dollars to the rest of the Celsius community.

3 The 99% Not The 1%

Cryptocurrency prices are volatile, and we get 
that. Like any market, prices are going to jump 

up and down due to a number of factors. While 
many of us are excited about the rising valuations, 

some believe many coins are overvalued and are 
interested in shorting. With Celsius, we will make 
it easy for those people to borrow coins from our 

community and short them on the market. Celsius 
will never take a position or trade against its coin 
holders or Lenders. Our interests are aligned with 

our lenders to charge the borrowers looking to 
short as much as possible to grow the community.

Members who want to borrow dollars against their crypto coins will be 
charged interest below 10% to further grow the community and invite 
outside people to buy more crypto.



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
6

Let’s Get Into the Tech

“Our platform will be a unique combination of multi-block-chain nodes, auto trading on multiple 
exchanges and a high-end user experience. All this is orchestrated by smart predictive algorithms 

designed to reduce rates, maximize profits to our members, mitigate risks, and maintain the safety 
and growth of the ecosystem.”

Nuke Goldstein — Co-Founder and CTO

We’re not thinking about a product, we’re building one. Our team 
of 10 plus developers has already produced a working prototype of 
both our mobile wallet for lenders and our shorting platform for 
borrowers. Both products are now being beta tested and we plan 
for our initial public release in Fall of 2018.

Building Every Day

2017

Concept formulated by Alex Mashinsky
Initial team assembled

Q2-Q3-2017

Public announcement at BlockCon
Private presale begins

Q4-2017

Version 1 of Whitepaper is released
Tech team hired and development begins
Version 1 of Techpaper released

Q3-2017



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
7

2018

MVP of wallet prototype released
Redesign of website goes live
Version 2 of Whitepaper released
Version 2 of Techpaper released

Q1-2018

Public crowdsale

Phase 2 of Celsius Wallet app to be 
released (1st USD loans to be issued, 
with member bank accounts linked 
to wallet and loans to be paid back 
in USD or CEL)

March 15-22 2018

Q3 2018

Phase 1 of Celsius Wallet app released 
(will allow members to deposit their 
crypto assets in wallet to use as 
collateral for loans)

Expansion of Alt Coins (we will be 
gradually including moreof the top 20 
cryptocurrencies for use in our wallet)

3rd Party Microlender integration

Phase 3 of Celsius Wallet (further 
integration of new coins, users will 
begin earning interest)

Q2-2018

Q4-2018

Road Map



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
8

2019

Road Map

Multiple blockchain type nodes to 
support top 20 coins

Trading on multiple-exchanges

Smart algorithms to manage risk

Integration with market trading 
tools in order to short

Implement Ethereum Plasma Proof-
of-Stake distributions to Celsius 
members

2019



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
9

Security and Risk
Celsius is building the platform with security at its core. We will use bank-grade 
security to keep our members’ assets and data safe. From multi-factor authentication, 
to encryption, to private-key double vaults, and more. Our software is designed with 
security in mind. 

Crypto assets will be distributed among several wallets and top exchanges. In addition, 
we will store a cold wallet treasury to provide last-resort insurance in case of a 
catastrophic event. We will also employ white-hat hackers and third party cyber security 
solutions to provide a continuous cover layer of audit and protection.

Community Support
We’re here for the cryptocurrency community, our goal is to support the community by 
providing them with access to loans using their crypto holdings as collateral and to also 
provide the community with a way to earn interest on their crypto assets. 

Lending Protection
Members who lend coins on the Celsius Network will be protected by the Celsius lending 
protection pool (funded by our fees). Any defaulted lending or coins lost will be insured 
through our protection pool and coin values will be restored immediately. The Celsius 
wallet will show our cash deposits every day which will also be audited by an outside 
accounting firm several times a year. 

Compliant & Legal
We adhere to all applicable rules and legal guidelines. We will be working with top-of-the-
line financial institutions, and will require all members of the Celsius community to go 
through KYC (Know Your Customer) in order to comply with anti-terrorism and anti-money 
laundering (AML) laws.

Our Fees
Celsius’ model aims to protect its token holders and always do what is in their best 
interest by providing the most competitive rates for dollar borrowers, and in the future, 
token holders. We will take a variable fee based on the amount of interest charged in each 
borrowing transaction. Our members will always receive a minimum of at least 5% annual 
interest on any lent crypto currencies. We will not charge account or transaction fees. 

Technical Specifications



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
10

Celsius’ Token Economics

We’re building the Celsius Platform to allow our members to deposit, lend and borrow a 
variety of different crypto assets. The Celsius Token (CEL) will be key for users who wish to 
lend or borrow.

CEL are a platform utility token that is rewarded to crypto holders in the Celsius Wallet as 
interest on their coins. That interest is generated from fees, in CEL tokens, collected from 
institutional traders who use the assets pool. Celsius has a non-for-profit model where 
proceeds are used to cover all costs and membership growth, while most are distributed 
back to the members community.

When the token is issued, members who own CEL tokens will be able to apply for and 
receive dollar loans against their current holdings. In addition, users who accept the loan 
may pay the interest in CEL tokens for a discount.

Digital Exchanges
(GDax, Gemini,...)

Pay interest in $ or CEL

Issues $ loans

Pay fees in CEL Tokens

$ Profits / Losses

Executes Sell / Buy Orders

Deposit Coins

Coin Holders
(Coin Lenders, $ Borrowers)

Traders
(Coin Borrowers)

Earn CEL Tokens

Loan services will be provided as part of the Celsius ecosystem, and not necessarily by 
Celsius itself.



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
11

Ok Great, But Do You Really Need a Token?
Yes, we do. Our lending and borrowing model requires a blockchain and an open ledger 
technology, it also requires consensus and a global footprint of coin holders in order to really 
gain traction and complete our mission.

Any loan we issue may be collected from thousands of individual coin holders which 
may be switched at any time. Only a smart contract capable of tracking and paying in 
micropayments can handle such complexity. So while we will be starting with allowing 
our members to borrow dollars against their crypto, our long term vision is a 2-sided 
marketplace for lending and borrowing that will utilize:

Open Ledger :  With the Celsius Platform millions of transactions will be transacted 
between borrowers and lenders and an open ledger is the key to transparency on our 
platform.

Consensus : Whenever we issue credit or enable members to borrow coins we will 
employ the consensus given to us by our members.

Global Footprint : We are building Celsius to be a global decentralized marketplace 
that allows lenders from anywhere in the world to earn interest regardless of their base 
currency or the local laws they operate under. 

Our dual-sided system will create a supply and demand cycle between institutional 
traders, such as hedge funds, who seek to borrow coins and require the CEL 
token to pay the fees and commissions; and the crypto holders around the world 
who receive these tokens as interest on their lent coins. This is a much-needed 
fundamental service which we believe will help to grow and nourish the crypto-
economy. 

Celsius’ Token Economics



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
12

Crowdsale Begins March 15th 2018

Category

Finance
Symbol

CEL

Presale Token Price

$0.20

Soft Cap

$15,000,000

Tokens for Sale*

325,000,000

Crowdsale Token Price

$0.30

Token Supply**

650,000,000
Accepted Currencies

ETH, BTC & 
USD

Hard Cap

$50,000,000

Platform

ERC20
Crowdsale

March 15th 
2018

DELIVERY DATE

We plan to deliver all 
contributions within a 
few weeks of the close 

of the crowdsale

*Any excess tokens will be burned after the token sale.

**At launch, there will be 650 million tokens (or slightly less as any tokens not sold will be burned). We are selling 50% of the 
tokens (325 million) between the presale and public sale, and will distribute tokens shortly after the close of the public sale.

The additional 50 million tokens will be placed into a smart contract, with 25m tokens being released to the Celsius Treasury 
only if the CEL Token price in the secondary market remains above an average of $1.50 for ten (10) days (meaning the price of 
CEL has increased 5x from the time of the Crowdsale).  And an additional 25,000,000 CEL Tokens will be released only if the 
CEL Token price in the secondary market remains above an average of $3.00 for thirty (30) days (meaning the price of CEL has 
increased 10x from the time of the Crowdsale).

A couple of things to note about these additional tokens: a) they are released directly to the treasury and not to any 
individual or exchange and b) they will be used predominantly to fund new loans (81%) with the remaining 19% used to 
incentivize new team members as we grow.

Tokens placed into the Treasury will be used for new loans, and not sold off immediately upon delivery. Rather, Celsius would 
only sell off small portions from Treasury to meet the demand for dollar loans on an as-needed basis (i.e. as our USD supply 
needs topping up to meet loan demand).



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
13

Crowdsale Begins March 15th 2018

` `

` `

$0 – $5,000,000* $5,000,000 – $10,000,000*

$10,000,000 – $15,000,000* $15,000,000 – $35,000,000*

40% CEL Bonus 35% CEL Bonus

30% CEL Bonus 20% CEL Bonus

SOLD OUT SOLD OUT

SOLD OUT SOLD OUT

PLATINUM
LEVEL

GOLD LEVEL

SILVER LEVEL BRONZE LEVEL

$0.30
Crowdsale Token Price

Current bonus valid as of February 5th, 2018. Bonus period is subject to end at any time. Please check our 
website for the most recent information.

*Estimated bonus allocations

$100 Minimum



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
14

How We’re Going 
to Use the Money

Token Allocation

Crowdsale Begins March 15th 2018

Loan Reserves: $20,209,500 

Research + Development: $5,988,000

Lenders’ Insurance Pool: $1,996,000

Operations + Management: $6,487,000 

Legal + Regulatory: $5,489,000

General + Administrative: $5,489,000

Sales + Marketing: $4,241,500

Presale: 40%

Crowdsale: 10%

Treasury: 27%

Team: 19%*

Partners: 2%

Advisors: 2%

*Employee tokens are held in 3 allotments. The first allotment will be 
unlocked six months after the Token Generation Event. The second 
allotment of 4.75m tokens will be released only if the token price 
reaches an average of $1.50 for ten (10) days (meaning the price of 
CEL has increased 5x from the time of the Crowdsale),  and the 3rd 
allotment of 4.75m tokens will be released only if the average price 
remains $3.00 for thirty (30) days (meaning the price of CEL has 
increased 10x from the time of the crowdsale).



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
15

About Celsius

We’ve built companies from the ground up, served hundreds of millions of users and 
completed multiple exits for billions of dollars (including an IPO). 

This isn’t our first rodeo. Our team of experienced entrepreneurs knows how to take a 
concept from ideation to full execution on a global scale.

Our founder, Alex Mashinsky, has filed over 30 patents including the original patent on 
VoIP technology.  He previously founded several multi-billion dollar businesses including 
Arbinet (IPO 2004), Transit-wireless and GroundLink. A cryptoholder since 2013, Alex 
serves as an advisor and investor to several Blockchain companies including Sirin Labs, 
MicroMoney and Ties Network.

SOLIDITY

We are building a community of borrowers 
and lenders, with the aim of legally 
replacing Wall Street with blockchain, 
and allow all of our members to benefit 
from our ecosystem. Traditional Financial 
Institutions should no longer control the 
flow of credit to people across the world. 
We want to use a consensus-based, Proof-
of-Stake approach to allow the Celsius 
community to borrow, lend and vouch for 
each other, creating a truly win-win-win 
self-governed solution for people involved 
in every step of the credit ecosystem.

Our Mission



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
16

Our Mission

With cash, banks make rich people richer. With crypto, let’s not make the same 
mistake.

We are building a community of borrowers and lenders, with the aim of legally replacing 
Wall Street with blockchain, and sharing the profits amongst our members. Through 
our community pool, members will be able borrow cash using their crypto assets as 
collateral after the crowdsale and, in the future, earn interest on their deposited coins 
(when lent). 

The Celsius Network is on a long-term mission. We are conducting a crowdsale in 
order to achieve our goals: a decentralized network of good actors who will be supported 
with loans and credit. We want people to contribute to our crowdsale who not only want 
to get loans in dollars using their crypto as collateral but who also believe in our mission 
to expand the crypto community and the future of credit on the blockchain.

Main Street Takes Wall Street

Serious & Sustainable

Over the past 25 years, 
we invented and built 
trusted marketplaces 
for advertising, VoIP, 
electricity distribution, 
music, information 
exchanges and other 
markets.



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
17

Executive Team

Alex is a serial entrepreneur and founder of seven 
New York City-based startups, raising more than $1 
billion and exiting over $3 billion. Alex founded two 
of New York City’s top 10 venture-backed exits since 
2000: Arbinet, with a 2004 IPO that had a market 
capitalization of over $750 million; and Transit 
Wireless, valued at $1.2 billion. 

Over 30 patents have been issued to Alex, relating 
to exchanges, VoIP protocols, messaging and 
communication. In fact, Alex has a foundational 
patent on VoIP (Voice Over Internet Protocol) 
technology dating back to 1994 and is now working on 
MoIP (Money Over Internet Protocol) technology.

Alex has received numerous awards for innovation, 
including being nominated twice by E&Y as 
entrepreneur of the year in 2002 & 2011; Crain’s 2010 
Top Entrepreneur; the prestigious 2000 Albert Einstein 
Technology medal; and the Technology Foresight 
Award for Innovation (presented in Geneva at Telecom 
99).

As one of the pioneers  of web-based exchanges, 
Alex authored patents that cover aspects of the 
Smart Grid, ad exchanges, Twitter, Skype, App Store, 
Netflix streaming concept and many other popular 
web companies. Additionally, Arbinet’s fundraising 
story was featured as a case study in 2001 by Harvard 
Business School.

Alex 
Mashinsky
Founder and 
CEO



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
18

Executive Team

Daniel Leon is a business and social entrepreneur with 
a proven track record of growing early-stage companies 
and building organizations from the ground up. Daniel has 
co-founded and led multiple companies and not-for-profit 
organizations.

Before Governing Dynamics, where he is a managing 
partner, he was CEO of Atlis Labs, a venture-backed 
local discovery platform powered by real-time customer 
referrals. Prior to that, Daniel served as CEO of Beyon3D 
and chairman of HereO. He was also general manager, 
of GroundLink, which raised more than $30 million in 
funding during his tenure.

He started his career as vice president with the Gallup 
Organization. Daniel holds a degree in Economics from 
Brown University. He splits his time between New York 
and Tel Aviv.

Fazli was at Dow Jones before spending the majority of his 
career at Bloomberg in various engineering leadership roles 

where he led a large group spanning multiple continents 
and timezones. While at Bloomberg, Fazli streamlined 

operations by implementing agile development 
methodologies and moving legacy software systems to 

open-source environments. He also scaled up Tradebook’s 
US Equity matching engine which included a smart order 

router to achieve 150X greater order flow.

S. Daniel Leon
Founding 
President & COO

Syed Fazli
CTO



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
19

Nuke is a seasoned software developer, architect, 
innovator, and entrepreneur in cutting-edge technologies. 
His career ranges from image processing and AI to IoT and 

blockchain.

Prior to his work on the Celsius crypto assets lending and 
borrowing platform he designed P2P credit protocols using 

distributed storage and smart-contracts

Nuke was the CEO and founder of Sevenpop, a leading 
interactive music technology provider to hundreds of 

hotels and shopping centers across Israel.

Nuke holds a B.Sc. in computer science from the Technion 
in Haifa (Israel’s most elite Institute of Technology). He also 

has black belts in Kempo Karate and Combat Ju-Jitsu. In 
addition, he has been awarded a grant by the National 

Science Foundation.

Nuke Goldstein
EVP of Engineering 
& Development

Keith has spent his career as a full-stack marketer 
working for startups, agencies and large corporates. 
Before joining Celsius, he spent the past three years 
consulting for startups in London, Berlin and New York, 
primarily focused on the financial, travel and SAAS 
sectors.

In his last role with Travelex, Keith was named Global 
Head of R&D where he created and developed a 
new division within Travelex looking at emerging 
technologies like the blockchain and cryptocurrency

Keith discovered cryptocurrency  in 2011 and began 
attending meetups in New York City and Japan. This 
lead to him contributing to Ethereum’s crowdsale in 
the summer of 2014, making him our team’s oldest 
HODLer of Ethereum. Keith also served as a Peace Corps 
volunteer in Uzbekistan for two years shortly after 
finishing university.

Keith Baumwald
CMO

Executive Team



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
20

Ms. Bacalu has has over 18 years of experience in 
growth companies across technology, communication 

real estate and financial services. Prior to joining 
Celsius Mrs. Bacalu served as Chief Financial Officer 
of Kalyx, a fully integrated real estate development 

company, leading multi state provider of commercial 
and industrial space to the highly regulated cannabis 

industry. Prior to that, from 2012-2015 Ms. Bacalu 
served as Chief Financial Officer of Sapir Organization, 

a leading real estate holding and development 
company Prior to Sapir, from 2009-2012, Ms. Bacalu 
was a Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial 

Officer of DoubleVerify and Peer39, both advancing tech 
companies at different stages of development. During 

this time, she was also an active member of the IAB 
(Interactive Advertising Bureau) CFO council.

Ronit Dvir Bacalu
CFO

Executive Team

Liz advises growth stage technology companies on a spectrum of 
strategic business development initiatives. For over two decades, 
she has consulted with founders, partners, and investors to create 
scalable sales and marketing structures. 

Prior to entering the blockchain and crypto arena, she worked 
with a variety of technology and BPO companies in accessibility/
assistive technology, VoIP, publishing, biotech, and healthcare. 
She is a current Activator at SheEO, a global initiative designed to 
radically transform the way investors finance and support female 
entrepreneurs; she has served on the boards of several startup 
ventures. Liz has a BA in English from Barnard College, Columbia 
University.

Liz Rabban
VP Sales



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
21

Tech Team

Stevan is in web development for more than 20 years, from the time of altavista.
com, angelfire.com till nowadays. He witnessed <blink> and <marquee>, first 
browser war, cgi-bin/, PHP/FI, mSQL, dot-com boom/bubble, Javascript, Ajax, Web 2.0, 
frameworks, LAMP, MEAN, sql, noSQL, websockets, cloud computing, etc.

A web programmer with a proven track record of architectural design, development 
and maintenance of web sites and services of various complexity and scale for a 
variety of companies and industries. 

He is a full-stack developer in love with plain CSS code, who thinks VBA is the only 
perfect programming language and environment. His favorite technologies are php 
and solr.

Stevan Koprivica
Lead Backend 
Engineer

Mališa has been a Front-end and Back-end Full Stack PHP Angular developer working 
on new features. He used the virtual environment, e.g. Puppet/Vagrant, and 
continued his professional career as a Full Stack Lead Developer at Vibe Network, 
working on AngularJS/JQuery, Ansible, CSS/HTMLparallax sites), MySQL/MongoDB, 
PHP/NodeJS, RabbitMQ, and Varnish.

Mališa then turned his attention towards the blockchain, where he built Lemon 
e-mail, the world’s first encrypted and decentralized e-mail service, using Ethereum 
& IPFS decentralized platforms.

Mališa’s passion for Philosophy, Data Science and Engineering have helped him 
become a leading, international Blockchain Expert.

Mališa Pušonja
Blockchain 
Architect Lead

Ever since he was a child, Branislav enjoyed tinkering with computers, making 
Computer Science an obvious career choice. He studied it at Belgrade. Honed 
his professional skills while working with various teams in Belgrade, Zurich, 
Amsterdam, Berlin and other European cities.

He believes that technology and nature intertwine, creating beautiful patterns and 
we need only observe them to learn from them. Branislav loves fintech applications 
making the blockchain realm a natural fit for him.

He is a fervent supporter of open source technology and focuses on in-browser 
applications, data visualization as well as human-computer interaction. He has 
successfully failed at starting 3 startups. 

Branislav Djuric
Lead Frontend 
Engineer



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
22

A designer with over 12 years of experience. Antun’s focus is currently on digital 
product design, but he has experience in various fields ranging from graphic design 
and coding to product management and entrepreneurship.

He has been on both sides, from freelancing and aiding small startups and design 
agencies worldwide, to working on a full product lifecycle projects with big players 
such as Microsoft, RealNetworks, Vodafone, Verizon and more. Antun loves giving 
back to the community by organizing conferences, design workshops, meetups and 
more. As a CPO at MVP Workshop, he’s currently building crypto community on the 
Balkans and leading all of our UX and product design efforts here at Celsius.

Proficient in all things javascript related with frequent excursions into other 
languages like ruby and python, he embraces new and innovating technologies in 
this ever-changing environment. He considers blockchain technology to be a game 
changer for the whole world and enjoys being part of a team that will build this 
future.

Antun Debak
Product Design

Filip Jovakaric
Developer

Tech Team

Djordje developed a card publishing system using Java EE, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, 
Typescript, Angular 2, Redux, RxJS, React. Has has also worked on a front-end for a 
music distribution service (HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular) as well as maintained 
and upgraded an existing ERP system (Java EE, Hibernate, Spring, HTML5, CSS3, 
JavaScript).

Djordje 
Stevanovic
Developer

Nemanja is a blockchain research & development analyst at MVP Workshop. His 
research is focused on structuring and analyzing types of token distribution criteria, 
consensus protocol, and ICO trends. He is passionate about data science, business & 
product development.

Nemanja 
Krstonic
Blockchain R&D

Miols started as PHP developer more than three years ago. He transitioned to 
Android development 4 years ago. He has also been dabbling with NodeJS backend 
and javascript for a few years before starting to experiment with blockchain for the 
past year.

Milos Jovac
Developer



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
23

Aliza Landes has spent the majority of her professional career as an officer in 
the Israel Defense Forces, where she has served at the nexus of defense policy, 
communications strategy and international relations.

In 2007, Aliza enlisted into the IDF Spokesperson’s Unit, where she served as a 
press officer and liaison to foreign media outlets. She founded the IDF’s new media 
department in 2009 and, as its commander, revolutionized the IDF’s public relations 
efforts.

In 2011, Aliza was recruited to the Coordinator for Government Activities in the 
Territories (COGAT), which is responsible for attending to the humanitarian needs of 
Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza Strip. Aliza continues to serve in COGAT as a 
reservist with the rank of captain.

Aliza grew up in Boston. She earned her B.A. in Middle Eastern studies and Political 
Science from McGill University. In June 2016 Aliza completed a dual MBA and MPA at 
MIT Sloan and Harvard Kennedy School, respectively. During her tenure in graduate 
school she served as the president of the Kennedy School Israel Caucus and the MIT 
Sloan Israel Business Club.

 In her spare time Aliza likes to go on treks. She has climbed Kilimanjaro, hiked the 
Grand Canyon, Torres del Pines, the Dolomites and the Kungsleden Trail.

Aliza Landes
Head of Sales 
and BD, EMEA

Core Team

Ross has nearly 15 years experience in marketing, product, and sales functions, 
primarily in fintech. Before joining Celsius, he held a number of product 
management roles in digital payments at Mastercard, which included improving 
transaction safety and security via a proprietary alerts and controls platform. In 
marketing capacities at American Express, he enhanced the value proposition of 
prepaid cards and was instrumental in the strategy and execution of an industry 
development initiative that grew B2B spending. His background also includes 
television, video games, blogs, real estate, and mass transit. Part of his fascination 
with the blockchain is its potential for financial inclusion. Ross earned his B.S. with 
honors from Cornell University.

Ross Gottesman
Head of Sales 
and BD, US



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
24

Leah is a graduate of the University of Arizona where she received a degree 
in Sociology and Business. Prior to joining Celsius, Leah held positions in 
marketing, customer service, and technology sales- in both corporate and start-up 
environments. It was her experiences working in start-ups (as well as reading the 
book Digital Gold) that helped her realize that the emerging crypto-currency market 
was actually a start-up industry, with tremendous opportunity. In an effort to help 
others understand this fast developing field, she founded the Crypto-Content Club, 
focusing on blockchain technology and industry developments.

Vid is a data scientist with over a decade of experience in academia (Amsterdam 
Institute for Advanced Labour Studies, Amsterdam Institute for International 
Development, European School of Management and Technology, Hertie School of 
Governance), management consulting (Accenture Research), international technical 
assistance (World Bank, UNDP, European Commission) and even the public sector 
(Public Policy Secretariat of the Republic of Serbia). In 2017 he co-founded VARHAK, a 
data science start-up, where he leads a team of data scientists, financial quants, and 
machine learning experts, who are developing Celsius’ dedicated risk forecasting 
and management system: HDGCtrl

Leah Jonas
Director of Client 
Services

Vid Štimac
Risk Management 
Team Lead

Core Team

Roman is a finance and risk management professional, whose experience spans 
both credit/counterparty risk and market risk management. Prior to joining 
Celsius, Roman worked at Nasdaq, where he used advanced data analytics and 
automation tools to build out and improve Nasdaq’s consolidated risk system. 
The solutions Roman implemented perform credit analysis, generate alerts, and 
execute risk calculations in an automated fashion for Nasdaq Fixed Income (an 
electronic Treasuries trading platform for high-frequency traders), the OMX Nordic 
clearinghouse, and Nasdaq Treasury’s in-house liquidity portfolio.

Roman is an avid crypto trader and has been investing/trading and attending 
meetups in the space since 2014. He holds a degree in Industrial and Systems 
Engineering from Lehigh University.

Roman 
Krywulych
Senior Risk 
Manager



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
25

Core Team

Kristen joins Celsius with a background in tech sales, nonprofit event work and 
small business management. As she began learning more about blockchain in early 
2017, she became passionate about the technology’s humanitarian possibilities. 

From P2P lending to land title rights, she is eager to see the improvements 
blockchain technology will bring to the world! Kristen has a B.A. in Sociology from 
Boston College.

Kristen Ryan
Event 
Coordinator

Ingamar graduated from SUNY Geneseo, majoring in English literature. He served 

for 3 years as a Chapter 11 bankruptcy consultant at Prime Clerk, the market-leading 
claims agency. Ingamar coordinated noticing and distribution payments for cases 
such as American Eagle, RadioShack, Sbarro, Pacific Sunwear of California, Inc., etc. 
Simultaneously, he consulted with local media firms, with services including SEM 
services, Linked-In lead generation, content writing and optimization, web design 
and development, which he eventually left Prime Clerk mid-2017 to pursue full-
focus. This gave him plenty of time to attend cryptocurrency meetups in NYC and 
discuss white papers with developers and investors. Ingamar starred in a short film 
titled “Rope” which is undergoing post-production.

Ingamar Ramirez
Head of 
Marketing

Ashley comes to Celsius with a wide breadth of experience, from managing 
operations of a real estate investment trust to hosting interactive tour bus rides. 
After obtaining a B.M. In opera from UC Santa Barbara, Ashley moved to NYC with 
big dreams of Broadway stardom. After success in musical theater, comedy, and 

performing on high-end cruise ships, she found her way to business operations. 
Ashley worked as Director of Development for a downtown non-profit, made her 
way into the city’s growing beer industry, worked as Operations Manager of a 
REIT offering space to cannabis operators, and now has found her new home in 
cryptocurrency. When she’s not busy planning what other cutting-edge industries 
she can bust into, she’s brewing beer or singing Schubert loudly.

Ashley Harrell
Director of 
Operations



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
26

Core Team

Kaitie is the founder and CMO of Space Made Media, a full-service marketing and 
PR agency with the sole focus on supporting revolutionary Blockchain Technology 
and Cryptocurrency companies. Kaitie has been involved in cryptocurrency since 
2015 and made it her full-time focus in 2017. Today she is an active advisor to select 
ICO projects and Crypto Coin Trader, one of the largest and most engaged crypto-
communities in social media, of where she is applying her over 12 years experience 
and best practices in community and digital marketing for many Fortune 500 clients 
including Sprint, IBM, ESPN, Colgate-Palmolive, Nissan and many others. When she 
is not trading, talking, growth-hacking or obsessing over the incredible future of 
cryptocurrency, she can be found leading living room dance parties with her three 
kids.

Kaitie Zhee
Head of Outreach

Eric is the VP of Client Relations/ strategic partners for CryptoCoinTrader.com, 
launching end of February 2018. Eric has made a large impact in being recognized 
as one of the most respected names in the space, based on his desire to maintain 
a large, healthy, and thriving environment for the community to prosper. Crypto 
Coin Trader is one of the largest and most influential cryptocurrency communities in 
the world, with over 100k Members, he has helped build multiple branches of CCT, 
targeting more specific and designated topics in crypto. Leading by example, Eric has 
been a staple to the crypto community, earning his place near the top over the past 
year.

A UX/UI designer with over 12 years of experience. Shirin studied computer 
Engineering at Tehran University and started her career working for companies like 
Jame Jam, Farabi Stock Marketing and Sigma Company where she was a Web/UI/
UX Designer. In her next role as Lead UI/UI Designer, Shirin managed UI/UX team, 
created interactive prototypes & UI specifications (including screen layouts, color 
palettes, typography, and user-interface elements). When she moved to Hong 
Kong, her role as a Freelance UX/UI Designer included building UI guidelines and 
wireframes for two start-ups in different companies. In 2017, Shirin moved to the 
US where she started her graduate degree in Web and Multimedia Design at Touro 
College. She oversees all of Celsius’ UX/UI needs and continues to teach Web Design 
Courses at Touro College.

Eric Slonaker
Community 
Manager

Shirin Semsar
Head of UX/UI 
Design



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
27

John is a Digital Marketing professional with over 8 years experience. He is the 
founder of WebGeek Philippines, a community platform for developers & startups. 
Previously, he worked as a marketing lead at Cardable, Salarium and Infoshift. He 
is also the lead organizer of DevCup, the biggest developer hackathon in Manila. 
Former curator of Techstars Startup Digest in Philippines, a weekly newsletter 
digest of startup events. He is passionate about startups, inbound marketing, 
cryptocurrency and tech communities. John is very bullish on the future of 
blockchain technologies and he loves working at the forefront of an innovative 
space.

John Arce
Head of 
Marketing, Asia

Core Team

Lola has worked in few startup companies in fields of Telecommunication and 
web-based applications in NYC which later grew, matured and flourished to 
successful IPO’s. In recent years Lola has been consulting to corporations and private 
customers in fields of cyber technology and on ways of adopting proper business 
communication. She holds a B.A. in Business from the Interdisciplinary Center (IDC) 
and a B.Ed in English and volunteers in teaching English to underprivileged children 
in Israel and enjoys rock climbing. 

Anita began her career on Wall Street first in sales then later in trading. She then 
moved to the Bay Area and began a career working with technology and Cleantech 
companies. She focused on business development, strategy, sales and fundraising 
efforts for startups in a variety of spaces including fintech, e-commerce, digital 
health, sustainable agriculture, social media, insure-tech, biotech and clean 
technology. Anita is a Network Advisor for the only venture capital fund that invests 
algorithmically called Correlation Ventures. Anita is a founding member of the 
Silicon Valley Blockchain Society group in the Bay Area.

Lola Scheiner
Sales Associate, 
EMEA

Anita Motwani
West Coast Sales



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
28

Advisors

Chris has extensive experience in blockchain technology including an advisor 
position at Blockmatics, a consultant with Bloomberg and a founder and partner at 
Iterative Capital Management. Chris also has a number of technology publications 
and has written at length about Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies. He specializes 
in business strategy and development.

Sonic Zhang is an entrepreneur and investor. He is the Co-founder and Global 
Director of 20 Nations League of Block-chain (B20), an international NGO focused 
on bridging blockchain and crypto-currency communities worldwide. And the 
co-founder of ValueBank Group, a global network of fiat-crypto exchanges, with 
a crypto wallet and payment solution. Founder of ValueNet Capital, focusing on 
investing in blockchain startup and cryptos,portfolio include OmiseGo, Binance, 
PowerLedger, WAX, CoinPoker, PlayKey, RobotCache. Co-founder of Murint Capital, 
a VC Fund for tech and entertainment industries. Founder of SoRelax, a global 
platform for cross border marketing and services. Sonic has a MPM and a BE in 
Mechatronics from University of Sydney.

Moshe is an accomplished serial entrepreneur in the technology sector. He is 
both chairman and co-founder of Singulariteam, a prominent Israeli tech venture 
capitalist vehicle. Moshe has played an active role across the development of SIRIN 
LABS, specifically in defining product functionality and underpinning technology.

Chris Dannen 
Founder of 
Iterative 
Capital

Moshe Hogeg
Co-Founder & 
President of 
Sirin Labs

Sonic Zhang

Miko Matsumura founded crypto exchange Evercoin, and is a Limited Partner with 
the Pantera Capital ICO Fund (a $100M ICO-only fund). He is personally invested in 
FileCoin, Brave, CIVIC, Propy and Lyft. As a 25 year operating exec in Silicon Valley, he 
has raised over $50 million in capital for Open Source startups. He leads the Crypto 
Underground meetup in San Francisco and is a speaker at the upcoming Token Fest, 
Keynoting at ICOnference NYC, Block Con, Global Blockchain Summit, The Future of 
Money Summit and a thought leader at AFP the largest organization of Financial 
Professionals in the US.

Miko 
Matsumura 
Co-founder at 
Evercoin



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
29

Advisors

Passionate about developing products, systems, and working with people dedicated 
to building flat organizations, Ivan is driven by a search for game-changing brands 
that improve consumers’ lives. Ivan’s engineering background is in DevOps, System 
Engineering and Customer Support Analytics.

In 2011 Ivan was declared one of the most successful young entrepreneurs under 30 
years. From 2013 to 2016, Ivan was President of the Serbian Association of Small and 
Medium-Sized Enterprises (member of OECD, UEAPME, INSME, and SME Europe) and 
he is the Founder and President of Serbian Blockchain Initiative.

Ivan Bjelajac 
Operating 
Director at 
GoDaddy / 
Partner MVP 
Workshop

Elliot teaches machine learning at Columbia University and quantitative risk 
management in the masters’ program for mathematical finance at Rutgers 
University. Elliot currently advises fin-tech companies in the application of machine 
learning, natural language processing and blockchain technologies. Previously, 
he was a portfolio manager running a fund of hedge funds and was the chief risk 
officer at Asset Alliance, a $3 billion seeder of hedge funds. Elliot graduated from 
Dartmouth College with a B.A. in mathematics. He received an M.A. in mathematics 
and a Ph.D. in mathematical psychology from the University of Michigan.

Mr. Rashid Al Malik serves as the Chairman and CEO of Haya Holdings since April 
2010. Previously Al Malik was the founder and Deputy CEO/ Chief Corporate 
Development Office of Dubai Aerospace Enterprise. At Dubai Aerospace he was 
able to raise 15 bn dollars. He served as advisor to Colony Capital Chairman. he was 
a professional pilot with Emirates airlines for 8 years. He is an active investor in 
new technologies. He holds a Bachelor degree from Bucks, New University and a 
postgraduate master’s degree (MBA) from Pepperdine University in Los Angeles.

Dr. Elliot Noma 
Algorithm/AI 
Advisor

Rashid Al Malik



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
30

Flow of Capital and 
Crypto Assets



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
31

Cash and Crypto Money Flow Overview

This document describes the flow of funds and cryptographic assets within the Celsius Network platform. There 
are three key actors in the platform: lenders who commit crypto assets to a lending pool and may request for a 
crypto-backed fiat margin loan, borrowers who get leveraged margin trading tools, and the Celsius service which 
orchestrates the system using sophisticated algorithms that move crypto and fiat funds as needed and executes 
trade orders on several coin exchanges. The Celsius service maintains both fiat custodian accounts and crypto 
asset accounts, in addition funds are managed on the coin exchanges in order to provide a quick response time 
for trade orders.

The system also creates a supply and demand cycle of the Celsius Token (CEL). The CEL token is used as a fee for 
borrowers of crypto assets and rewarded as interest to lenders contributing their assets. 

The following diagram provides an overview on the flow of funds and assets between the 
key system components and their corresponding internal accounts:

Coin Exchange
deposit / 
withdraw

funds

margin loan /
installments pay

Crypto
transfers

Crypto$

Crypto Accounts (BTC, LTC, ETH...)
[LENDING STAKE POOL]

Warm Wallet Cold Wallet

Trader
Account

Trader
Account

Trader
Account

Trader
Account

Custodian Account ($)
[BANK]

Main AccountMargin Trader(Leveraged Short)

Crypto Holder
(Lender)



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
32

Cash and Crypto Money Flow Overview

1. Crypto Asset holder transfers coins into the wallet (a Celsius mobile app).

2. User’s crypto assets are stored in Celsius accounts called Lending Stake Pool.

3. The coins, or part of them, are transferred to several top coin exchanges.

4. Daily interest in the form of Celsius Tokens (CEL) is transferred into the wallet.

5. User may withdraw unlocked crypto, including CEL tokens, at any time.

1.User specifies fiat amount to loan (maximum limit is based on risk parameters 
and current value of crypto assets),

2. Some of the user’s crypto is locked and cannot be withdrawn until the loan is 
paid. 

3.User receives fiat funds using:

 a. A debit card

 b. A direct bank transfer to Celsius bank account

4. User is issued with a payments installment plan and instructions.

5. In case of a value drop in crypto Celsius may issue a margin call to the user 
asking for:

 a. Immediate loan repay

 b.Add crypto to wallet

6. If user fails to act and crypto value continues to decline Celsius may sell crypto 
in the exchanges to recover dollars and reduce loan amount .

7. User pays interest and loan installment by:

 a. Direct payment to Celsius bank account

 b. Send checks to Celsius → Celsius deposits to bank account

 c.Pay via instructions to sell crypto or net off interest payment received

8. When principal payments are made some of the crypto assets are unlocked

Lender Wallet 
Activities 

Dollar Margin 
Loan Using 
Crypto as 
Collateral

LOCK CRYPTO
ASSETS

RECEIVE DOLLAR
LOAN

MAKE
PAYMENTS

UNLOCK CRYPTO
ASSETS

01 02 03 04

CRYPTO TO 
WALLET

LENDING STAKE
POOL

COIN
EXCHANGES

CEL TOKENS ADDED
TO ACCOUNT

01 02 03 04
UNLOCK COINS
WITHDRAW

04



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
33

Cash and Crypto Money Flow Overview

1. Coin Borrower deposits a minimum of $10K into a Celsius custodian trader 
account

2. Coin borrower places a leveraged short order, where funds are locked to cover:

 a. Margin high stop limit (amount at risk)

 b. Fees and commissions

3. Fees and commission are moved to the custodian master account, some may be 
used to purchase Celsius Tokens which are distributed to the Lenders daily.

4. If needed, crypto coins from the Lending Stake Pool are transferred to several 
top coin exchanges.

5. Celsius issues a sell order of crypto on the exchanges to initiate the short 
position on behalf of the borrower (trader).

6. Some of the fiat from the sell order may be transferred from the exchanges to 
the custodian master account. 

7. When the short order is closed, exchanges are ordered to purchase back the 
Crypto, where:

a. If the coin value is lower than the purchase price, gains are transferred 
back to the custodian’s trader account.

b. If the coin value is higher than the purchase price, funds are deducted 
from the custodian trader account and transferred to the custodian 
master account to cover the losses.

c. Any uncommitted capital can be withdrawn by the borrower at    any 
time.

Borrower Margin 
Trader Account 
and Short 
Selling

SET UP DOLLAR
ACCOUNT

OPEN SHORT
POSITION

SELL COINS FROM
LENDING POOL

BUY COINS COVER TRADER
GAINS/LOSSES

01 02 03 04 05



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
34

Cash and Crypto Money Flow Overview

The Celsius Token (CEL) is converted from fees paid by borrowers (margin traders). 
This fee, although charged in fiat, is converted to CEL tokens by the Celsius service 
and distributed to the lenders’ wallets as a daily interest:

Celsius Token 
Funds Flow

1. A trader that places a margin trade order is required to pay a dollar fee, 
in addition a daily commission is charged as long as the position remains 
open.
2. Celsius releases CEL tokens from an internal cache according to 
the value of the fees and commissions. If needed, CEL tokens may be 
purchased on open markets.

3. The Celsius Service distributes to the lenders their CEL token rewards on 
a daily base.
4. Lenders may buy/cell CEL tokens on open markets as desired.

BORROWER PAYS
FEES & COMMISSIONS

CELSIUS CONVERTS 
THE FIAT TO CEL

CEL DISTRIBUTED
DAILY TO LENDERS

LENDERS SELL CEL TOKENS 
ON OPEN MARKET

01 02 03 04

Token 
Sale

Token
Investment

Investments

Funds

Marketing

Metcalife’s Law
Network E�ect

More Tokens

Token
Price Increase

Users

The Tokenized Flywheel
Diagram is for illustration purposes and should not be perceived as an investment advice



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
35

IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE READ THE ENTIRETY OF THE “Legal Considerations, Risks 
and Disclaimer” SCHEDULE CAREFULLY. WE RECOMMEND YOU CONSULT A LEGAL, 
FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S) OR EXPERTS FOR FURTHER 
GUIDANCE prior to participating at the sale of the CEL Tokens to be issued by Celsius 
Network Ltd (the “Company”), which is a part and acting on behalf of the Celsius 
group, all as outlined in the Company’s White Paper and the terms govern the sale. 

Please note that this is a summary of the legal considerations, risks and disclaimers 
schedule that can be found in the following [link], and which you must read in full 
before: (i) making use of this White Paper and any and all information available on the 
website(s) of Celsius Network Ltd  and/or (ii) participating in the Company’s token sale 
outlined in this White Paper and governing terms (the “Token Sale”). Any undefined 
capitalized terms below shall have the meaning set out in the “Legal Considerations, 
Risks and Disclaimer” schedule. This summary should not be relied on in place of 
reading the “Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” schedule in full.

The “Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” schedule applies to the Company’s 
White Paper and any and all information available on the Company’s website. The 
contents of the “Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” schedule outlines 
the terms and conditions applicable to you in connection with (i) your use of this 
White Paper and of any and all information available on the Website; and/or (ii) 
your participation in the Token Sale, in each case in addition to any other terms and 
conditions that we may publish from time to time relating to this White Paper, the 
Website and the Token Sale (such terms hereinafter referred to as the “Terms”).

The information set forth in the “Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” schedule 
may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. 
While we make every reasonable effort to ensure that all information: (i) in this White 
Paper; and (ii) available on the Website (collectively referred to as the “Available 
Information”) is accurate and up to date, such material in no way constitutes 
professional advice.

The Company does not recommend purchasing Tokens for speculative investment 
purposes.

You should not purchase Thrive Tokens for investment purposes. Such tokens are 
not designed for investment purposes and should not be considered as a type of 
investment. You acknowledge, understand and agree that holding CEL Tokens is 

not a guarantee, representation or warranty that the holder will be able to use the 
Company, or receive any tokens utilized by the Company.

You acknowledge and agree that you are not purchasing CEL Tokens for purposes of 
investment, speculation, as some type of arbitrage strategy, for immediate resale or 
other financial purposes. You acknowledge that all purchases of CEL Tokens are final 
and nonrefundable, and the Company is not required to provide a refund for any 
reason and that you will not receive money or other compensation or any form of a 

refund, and you consent to no right of withdrawal from the ICO.

Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer – Summary

https://celsius.network/legal-considerations/
http://celsius.network


Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
36

CEL Tokens do not entitle you to any equity, corporate governance, dividends, voting 
or similar right or entitlement in the Company or in any of its affiliated companies. 
Tokens are sold as digital assets, similar to downloadable software, digital music and 
the like. The Company does not recommend that you purchase Tokens unless you have 
prior experience with cryptographic tokens, blockchain-based software and distributed 
ledger technology and unless you have taken independent professional advice.

Citizens, nationals, residents (tax or otherwise) and/or green card holders of each of: 
(i) South Korea; (ii) the People’s Republic of China; (iii) State of Israel; or (iV) United 
States (V) any other jurisdiction which prohibits the possession, dissemination or 
communication of the Available Information and/or prohibits participation in the Token 
Sale or the purchase of Tokens or any such similar activity or any other Restricted 
Persons are not permitted to participate in the Token Sale.

In no event shall the Company or any current or former Company Representatives be 
liable for the Excluded Liability Matters.

The Company does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any 
representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or 
person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the 
truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in the Available 
Information.

You should carefully consider and evaluate each of the risk factors and all other 
information contained in the Terms before deciding to participate in the Token Sale.

The following is a summary of the risk factors in relation to the CEL Tokens sale and 
Company in general. This summary should not be relied on in place of reading the full 
risk factors section of “Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer” schedule available 
here: [link] in full.

• There is no prior market for Tokens and the Token Sale may not result in an 
active or liquid market for the Tokens. 

• Future sales or issuance of the Tokens could materially and adversely affect 

the market price of Tokens. 

• Negative publicity may materially and adversely affect the price of the Tokens. 

• There is no assurance of any success of the Company’s business platform or 
any future Token functionality. 

• The market price of the Tokens may fluctuate following the Token Sale. 

• The private keys to the escrow wallet may be compromised and the 

cryptocurrencies may not be able to be disbursed. 

Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer – Summary

Risk Factors 

Token Sale Risks



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
37

• The Token may be significantly influenced by cryptocurrencies market trends 
and Token value may be severely depreciated due to unrelated events in the 
cryptocurrencies markets. 

• The use of the Tokens may come under the scrutiny of governmental institutions.  

• The ownership of Tokens may fall under new and unpredicted taxation laws that 
will erode Tokens benefits. 

• There may be unanticipated risks arising from the Tokens. 

• Applicable laws and regulations may limit the utility, functionality, the 
accessibility and transferability of the Tokens.  

• Crowd sales have been known to come under malicious attacks from hackers 
and/or other parties resulting in theft of tokens. Such events may inflict massive 
losses on buyers and the company. 

• The user’s Wallet or Wallet service provider may not be technically compatible 
with the CEL token ERC-20 protocol and may result with a complete loss of the 
contribution.  

• The Company may be materially and adversely affected if it fails to effectively 
manage its operations as its business develops and evolves which would have a 
direct impact on its ability to maintain or operate the Company’s business platform 
and/or develop structure and/or license any future Token functionality. 

• The Company may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions in its 
network or services, hardware or software defects, security breaches or other 
causes that could adversely affect the Company’s infrastructure network, and/or 
the Company’s business platform. 

• The Company may in the future be dependent in part on the location and data 
center facilities of third parties. 

• General global market and economic conditions may have an adverse impact on the 
Company’s operating performance, results of operations and/or cash flows. 

• The Company or the Tokens may be affected by newly implemented regulations. 

• The Company may not be able to pay any anticipated rewards in the future. 

Legal Considerations, Risks and Disclaimer – Summary

Company 
Related Risks



Celsius Network: Borrow cash. Earn interest.
38

HODL

H
O
D
L

 @celsiusnetwork

Crowdsale starts on 
March 15th

Join the presale now

FEB 27 2018

https://t.me/celsiusnetwork
https://celsius.network/signup/

