








































CFun whitepaper(wutuandui )


TOKENIZE  INDIVIDUAL  CREATIVITY

WHITE PAPER



Contents
1 Background

2 Introduction of CFun Project

2.1 What Is CFun
2.2 Problems to Be Solved by CFun
2.3 CFun Eco-system
2.4 Technology Solution
2.5 Business Model

3 Experiences and Vision of CFun

3.1 A Flying Start —— Successful Experience in the Chinese Market
3.2 Vertical Extension —— Entering Overseas Markets
3.3 Horizontal Expansion —— Broadening the Fields of Creation

4 Application Scenarios of CFun Tokens

4.1 Intellectual Property Transactions
4.2 VIP Membership
4.3 Fees for Reading
4.4 Invitation for Co-creation
4.5 Bounty Tasks
4.6 Interactive Notifications

5 Issuance & Distribution of CFun Token

5.1 Issuance
5.2   Distribution
5.3   ICO Details
5.4   Use Cases of Fund Raised

6 Successful CoGC Cases on CFun

6.1 CFun Social Content Community 
6.2 Business Corporation of Crowd Creation 

7 Roadmap of Development                                                                                                       

8    Conclusion                                                                                              

9 Disclaimer

7
8

11
16
17

20
21
23

24
24
24
25
25
25

26
26
28
28

30
31

37

39

40



1 Background

The vision of CFun, in the 24 months to come, is to subvert all existing

ways of creation, till that of socializing! Everyone may build their own
community via CFun, of which content is body and token is blood. Each

individual, company and product would build homeland exclusive to

themselves. CFun is to reshape tokenized online community, redefine
content-oriented social intercourse through Blockchain; redefine the value

of members of community by means of token, i.e. Tokenize Individual
Creativity.

Many brands, entertainment companies, gaming companies have strong

demands for IPs that meet their needs. Marketers want their customers to
remember their brands as vividly as they do for “Three Squirrels” (a

popular Chinese snack brand that promotes its brand with three cute
cartoon squirrels) and are willing to pay for suitable IPs. At the same time,

creators are actively digging for gold by creating new IPs, for instance,

internet video producers eagerly working to create the next “Princess
Promotion” (an internet drama series in China with great popularity and

financial returns). Suitable IPs can attract users, help personalize the
brand and bring customers closer, especially the younger generations.

Currently, the so-called Top IPs, which only accounts for less than 1% of

the total IPs, hog the spotlight and trade at sky-high prices; however, the
remaining 99% non-Top IPs (many are of high quality) are significantly

undervalued and difficult to be monetized. On the other hand, a vast
number of small and medium enterprises (SMEs, numbered about 40

million in China now) cannot afford and sonetimes do not need the Top

IPs; but it is difficult for them to find suitable IPs that fit their specific
needs. The concept of Intellectual Property (IP) has been distorted by the

traditional market — in fact, any created content with fans can be called
IPs, not just the Top 1% only.



Why is the IP market distorted and in bad shape? There are two reasons:

First, a mismatch exists between the massive IP demands and numerous
undervalued IPs.

There is no a general measurement to value an IP. A same IP may have

different values for different users (just imagine Barbie dolls for men
sportswear!). For the demand side, it is hard for potential buyers to judge

whether a new IP in early creation can actually meet their or their customers’
demands. SMEs typically set IP licensing/purchasing budget around 1000

USD, thus cannot afford to work with a large number of creators. Meanwhile,

creators often lack self-promotion and sales negotiation skills, thus business
negotiation becomes a waste of their time, both in result and opportunity

cost. The traditional solution resorts to intermediaries (such as design
companies and advertising agencies) to bridge creators and buyers, but this

incurs high costs that effectively shut out the SMEs and non-Top IPs. The

result is what we see today — most potential buyers fail to obtain suitable
IPs and most creators are hardly rewarded.

To solve this mismatch, CFun Project will use its patented algorithm
(Method and System for IP Evaluation Based on Audience Behavior

Statistics) to record the behaviors of contributors and readers on blockchain

and evaluate the market value of the creative works.



Second, the cost of PGC (Professionally Generated Content) is too high.

In order to improve the ROI, companies (e.g. in gaming, entertainment,
design and comics) often have no other options but to adopt PGC

(Professional Generated Content), concentrating significant resources in the

hope of producing a small number of Top IPs. If successful, producers and
creators may obtain a huge amount of instant wealth. However, for those

who fail to strike Top (the remaining 99%), the creators struggle to make a
living and many will soon give up their creating activities. In today’s world,

creativity work is more like a gamble — not all good work pays off.

To lower the IP production cost of PGC, companies sometimes resort to
UGC (User Generated Content), in which companies source or crowd

source ideas and creativity works from individual users who may not be
professional creators. The cost is indeed lower, but it is difficult to create

long, large and complex works due to limitations of skills and abilities of any

individual.

Our Solution — CoGC Platform

To solve this problem, CFun proposes the concept of CoGC –
Collaboratively Generated Content. CoGC is decentralized self-organized

crowd creation, which allows creators of different skills from different fields

to collaborate together in the same group in order to produce complex
works of high-quality. Essentially, CFun is a CoGC platform that supports

decentralized autonomous creation groups by providing a series of core
functions (authorship verification, contribution calculation, rewards for

audience/patrons, evaluation of works, popularity data verification, matching

buyers, etc. More details are below in the white paper).



CFun has already established initial success in Chinese market, and will

extend existing operation overseas first and then expand into other CoGC
fields in the future. CFun first established its CoGC platform in China in

2015 in a niche domain – ACG (Anime, Comic and Games) Language

Cosplay. After numerous tests and operations, the procedures, methods,
models and transaction requirements of CoGC have been well tested,

verified and proven. CFun’s operation in China is successful and achieved
major milestones of success — by now, CFun is already the largest

platform for crowd creation of creative writing in China.

CFun’s next step is to integrate its CoGC platform with blockchain
technologies and expand into overseas markets, including Japan, Korea,

United States, United Kingdom, France. The major focus is still on CoGC of
creative writing. Eventually, CFun will include all areas of CoGC, including

comics, music and movies.

The mission of CFun is to link creators globally, provide them with
blockchain-based CoGC tools, help individual creators tokenize their

creativity and enjoy individual value transactions.



CFun Project Introduction2

Core	Mechanisms	of	CFun

2.1 Introduction of CFun Project

CFun is a DApp (Decentralized Application) built on Qtum Blockchain and

serves as the support platform that links global creators together. To

facilitate self-organized collaborative creation, CFun records authorships
onto blockchains, predicts the market value of creative works and matches

buyers with patented algorithms, calculates contribution among co-creators
and completes IP transactions through smart contracts, etc. The mission of

CFun is to tokenize individual creativity and realize socialized content

creation as well as facilitate value transactions of these personal digital
assets.



2.2 Problems to Be Solved by CFun

2.2.1 Record Authorships for Huge Quantity of Works

CFun has already become a platform holding tens of thousands of stories.

However, these digital assets can be easily replicated, thus creators find it
hard to protect their rights and trade their works.

CFun will solve this problem by recording every stage of the creation (from
initial inspiration to the final work) onto blockchains thus rendering creation

logs undeniable and unmodifiable. Tracing and assertion of IP rights can be

executed and regulated via smart contracts.

2.2.2 Quantify the value of new IPs under creation and how well they match

buyers’ requirement

For an idea under development that is just a few hundred words in length,

how to evaluate and predict its value so that it can become tradable? Utilizing

the unmodifiable and traceable features of blockchain, CFun records
creators’ creation process and readers’ behavioral data, including reading,

commenting and sharing. After data collection and analysis, CFun uses its
patented algorithm — Method and System for IP Evaluation Based on

Audience Behavior Statistics to assess the market potential and appeal of an

early-stage IP to specific targeted consumers. In addition, the IP buyer can
easily select the most suitable early-stage IP thanks to the patented

algorithm.This method also facilitates transactions with Smart Contracts.



2.2.3 Credibility ofPopularity Data

Popularity data (such as the number of reads or likes) on IPs can easily be
faked and fabricated in current copyright market. Therefore, the buyers

cannot tell whether the data of their interested IPs are authentic or not. In

order to reduce the cost of trust and improve transparency of the system,
CFun brings in blockchain technologies to rebuild the trust system. All metrics

and statistics that may impact the value of the IPs will be recorded regularly
onto the blockchains. The traceable, unmodifiable and up-to-date data

significantly boosts buyer’s confidence in IP transactions.

2.2.4 Unstable Income of Grassroot Creators

For most (90%) grassroot creators, their incomes are mainly from the

subscription or tips of readers, meaning that many of them may have no
income at the beginning stage of their creations. CFun will solve the problem

by using its patented algorithm to provide trustworthy prediction of IP value

and target audience to potential buyers, so they can get involved and make
investments at the earlier stage of these IPs. In this way, creators may

receive income earlier and also be incentivized to further develop their work
due to quantifiable expectation of their future work.



2.2.5 Motivate and Reward Readers/Patrons

Participation of readers (or audience, viewers, fans, supporters, patrons,
etc.), such as reading, voting, sharing and commenting, has critical value-

adding effects on IP values. However, there are few incentives and

systematic reward distribution mechanism offered to readers in the current
system. Thanks to blockchain and cryptocurrency technologies, CFun will

now record readers’ active participation and reward them in the form of CFun
Tokens. Based on the Qtum Blockchain, CFun aims to build a large CoGC

ecosystem with big data that can evaluate real-time popularity of an IP, match

IP requirements through Smart Contracts, audit and settle transactions, and
reward creators and readers.

Readers and creators are rewarded in the form of CFun Tokens through
reading and creating respectively. Readers and creators who complete

special high value-adding tasks can get extra CFun Tokens as bonus. When

an IP from CFun Platform is sold, its creators and co-creators will receive the
sales proceeds according to CFun’s contribution algorithms. At the same

time, a specific token feedback mechanism will be triggered to reward CFun-
Tokens’ holders including all creators, readers and other token holders.



2.3.1 Collaborative Creation and Mutual Benefits

Creators refers to IP creators and copyright owners. Creation of a new IP (a new story,
project, etc.) is usually initiated by a creator or by a buyer with specific needs, and then more

creators can opt in for subsequent CoGC. Every stage of the creation process will be

recorded in real-tine onto the blockchains, providing proof of authorship and serving as
evidence for potential earning distributions in the future.

2.3 CFun Eco-system

Starting from the niche sector ACG (Anime, Comic and Games) Language Cosplay in China,

CFun has already established a network of self-organized crowd creation groups in creative

writing. CFun is now further expanding its eco-system of decentralized autonomous crowd
creation in Japan and Korea, with IP incubation as its core. Different participants of the CFun

Eco-system are interrelated and connected by demands, content and IP values, and shall
collaboratively create,develop, communicate,and gain.

Then, a collaborative relationship is built based on demand of members, content and IP

values.

CFun	Ecosystem



2.3.2 Reader Participation in the Fans Economy

Readers’ participation, like reading, voting, sharing, commenting, has a value-adding effect
on IP values. These value-adding actions are rewarded with CFun Tokens by Smart

Contracts. Centering on community-based CoGC, CFun closes the loop of IP creation, IP

distribution and IP consumption, thus motivating creators for their works, encouraging
readers for their participation, and providing more opportunities for the entire CoGC eco-

system.

2.3.3 Method and System for IP Evaluation Based on Audience Behavior Statistics

The patented algorithm calculates the IP Value of a creative work (α) by combining the

Popularity Index (β) and the weighted average of a series of parameters including theme,
word count, page views (θ) together. (The application of a new patent for this method of IP

evaluation has been submitted)

IP	Value	α	=	β	+	θ

IP	Value	=	Popularity	 Index	+	Weighted	Average

2.3.4 The Popularity Index

By collecting and analyzing data on users’ digital content consumption behaviors, CFun has
invented the Popularity Index as one key indicator of IP value and as the critical

performance metric to compare differentworks.

Popularity	 Index	



The further down a line is in the story, the fewer readers remain and the more CFun Token

offered to readers as rewards.

The Popularity Index is derived from the churn rate curve invented by CFun based on the

analysis of reader behaviors. The shape of the churn rate (the rate at which readers drop out

line by line) influences and determines the value of the creative work. Based on empirical
user data from CFun’s database, the churn rate curve can be summarized and described by

a single numerical metric, the Popularity Index.

The simplified formula showing the conceptof the Popularity Index is as follows:

Among the variables,

（1）r is the number of words read and is a function of p, the number of readers who have
read the rth word. The larger the r, the smaller the p. In an idealized model, relationship of r

and p are such that the above formula yields a fixed β, regardless of the values of r.

（2）R is the total number of words of the created digital work and is fixed at the time of
computation.R should always be larger than r.

（3）p is the number of readers who have read the rth word.

（4）P is also a fixed term, which accounts for the maximum value of p when r is relatively

small (i.e. the number of people who read the first few lines). P should always be larger than

p and R should always be larger than r.



The Popularity Index is a crucial component of the evaluation tool to assess the prospects of

a given creative work. It has three functions:

（1）For a given IP, a higher Popularity Index means a lower reader churn rate. It

demonstrates the IP’s attractiveness to retain existing readers and win new readers,

facilitating the discovery of potentially popular IPs.

（2）For creators, the Popularity Index can help them better understand the preferences of

their readers and avoid unattractive contents. In this way, reading activities from readers
become an assistant for future creating activities from the creators.

（3）For IP buyers, combining metrics like theme, Popularity Index and number of fans

together helps them identify the best IPs to purchase and also show the good purchase
timing.

2.Value Determination ofa Given Work

Content: 

Content Tags:

Fantasy, 
Empowered 

Protagonist, Ideal 
Appearance



2.3.5.IP Selection and Pricing

（1）IP Selection

People can be divided into different categories. Members within one category tend to share

common values, community awareness, brand loyalty, and other behavior tendency related

to brands with other members, thus may exhibit common reading preferences and evaluation
standards. Setting up reader tags helps quantify the value of a particular IP and assess

whether it matches a specific demand. Even before an IP grows popular enough to establish
its fan base, the IP selection algorithms of CFun can predict the IP’s future prospects and its

“category tags” based on the behavioral patterns and tags of its existing few readers. This

helps IP buyers in purchasing decision-making

（2）IP Pricing

By collecting and analyzing data on reader behaviors, CFun’s patented algorithm — Method
and System for IP Evaluation Based on Audience Behavior Statistics calculates the value of

a specific IP real-time, thus presenting the worth of the IP to buyers in an obvious manner.

2.3.6 IP Transaction

IP buyers select the creative works that matches their demands through smart IP screening,

and proceed to negotiate licensing or purchasing prices with the creators (CFun may also
serve as the broker). IP buyers can also customize their own IP requirements and tags, and

solicit creators to collaborate — all through CFun’s Smart Contracts with objectives and

reward schemes formulated by IP buyers.

2.3.7 CopyrightRules

Creators collectively own the copyrights of their works by default. However, the initiating
creator of a project can set the rules of his/her work and implement the rules with Smart

Contracts.

2.3.8 Content Tags

By analyzing data of readers, creators and IP buyers, CFun creates tags for every work and

entity in the CFun Eco-system, making their avatars fuller and richer.



2.4 Technology Solution

CFun is a mobile decentralized application in the field of collaborative creation

built on Qtum, with the features of large data volume and high concurrency. In

order to adapt the features of blockchain e.g. data cannot be recorded and
confirmed at real time and it has to be charged， a behavioral chain algorithm

has been specifically designed. To efficiently utilizing blockchain, the data to
be recorded on chain in accordance with time, identity and information related

will be correlatively stored and compressed.

Based on the content classification rules in CFun, the behavioral chain
algorithm divides the data storage unit from high to low according to content

category, subject, title, chapter etc. The user's creation and other behaviors
will be uploaded to the server and cached to the respective classified nodes,

which will be searched for the data nodes reaching the upper limit from low

level to high level and will be compressed and recorded on chain, afterwards
triggering the corresponding functions ofQtum smart contract.

All the information of user behaviors is stored in the CFun server. The server
will generate behavioral tags in the light of behavioral content, time, and user

information with the addition of behavior related factors. Afterwards, the data

will be recorded on chain using the behavioral chain algorithm.

CFun users' creation and other meaningful behaviors are regarded as part of

the content creation value. On the basis of the content classification rules, the
server will implement the data query service and collect the behavioral data

sorted out. User contributions and benefits will be shown in the interface of

CFun light wallet.



2.5 Business Model

2.5.1 Participants

CFun Eco-system is centered on its community. With the goal of generating original creative

works, CFun aims to incubate creative writings of high quality with respect to work styles,
number of fans, profile of fans, market conditions, etc in the first stage. The next stage is to

expand into other categories of creative works such as comics, radio plays, movies & TV,
games, ACG periphery products, etc.

Participants of the CFun Eco-system can simultaneously assume different status and

exercise different rights so as to obtain benefits corresponding to their assumed status.

（1）Creators

Creators earn CFun Tokens by continuously updating their creative works. They can also
benefit from value appreciation and sales of their IPs.

（2）Readers

Readers earn CFun Tokens for their active participation such as reading, voting,
commenting and sharing. The more they participate, the more values they add to the IP, and

the more rewards they receive.

（3）IP Buyers

IP Buyers publish their request for IP via Smart Contracts and identify valuable IPs through

the Popularity Index and other IP evaluation mechanisms.



2.5.2 Circulation Model of CFun Tokens 

CFun Platform facilitates IP transactions of two types: Request for Customized IP

and Purchase of Original Creation.

1.Request for Customized IP

Through Smart Contracts on CFun DApp, IP buyers deposit rewards (e.g. CFun

Tokens) into the contract and set up a series of requirement metrics including
themes, word counts, page views, targeted readers for the final work. These metrics

can be either publicly visible or invisible (invisible metrics are set to prevent users
from cheating on the system). When created works and reader behaviors match the

requirement metrics, Smart Contracts will automatically trigger and complete the

transaction by paying the deposited rewards to the creators and readers in
proportions to their respective contributions as calculated by CFun’s patented

algorithms.

CFun Token Circulation Model



2.Purchase of Original Creation

Creators spontaneously create their original works on CFun based on their personal
ambitions and interests, and readers read the works on CFun. When a work attracts

enough reads and accumulates enough fans, it becomes a so-called IP. The

copyrights of this IP are automatically transferred to CFun by default agreement with
the creators to facilitate potential transactions (in the event that the IP is not traded

two years after its creation, its copyrights will be returned to the creators). If the IP is
later licensed or purchased, CFun will distribute revenues from the transaction to the

creators based on their respective contributions via Smart Contracts.

3.CFun Token Reward Mechanism

CFun Foundation plans to reserve 100 million CFun Tokens (10% of total) in an

Award Reserve Pool and distribute them to creators and readers as contribution-
based rewards over four years. If the works of original creation are

licensed/purchased, 80% of the proceeds will be given to the creators. The

remaining 20% will be used to purchase CFun Tokens from secondary markets in
order to replenish the Award Reserve Pool.

When CFun Tokens are distributed from the Award Reserve Pool, the distribution
amount will be adjusted dynamically in accordance with key factors including the

total number of creators, total number of readers, total daily reads, and total daily

words created on CFun, CFun Token prices, remaining CFun Tokens in the Award
Reserve Pool, and IP transaction volume.

The ultimate goal is to strike a dynamic equilibrium between the input into and the
output from the Award Reserve Pool. In other words, the number of CFun Tokens

deposited into the Pool at any given time interval should be equal to the CFun

Tokens distributed out.



Experiences and Vision of CFun

3.1 A Flying Start - Successful Experience in the Chinese Market

At the moment, Chinese internet companies have leading experiences compared to Japan,

South Korea and Southeast Asia with respect to internet venture operations. Despite the

ultra-competitive internet landscape in China, CFun has proven its market leadership by
demonstrating superb strength in product design, user experience design, market

development, business-demand analysis, user activity improvement, incentive schemes
design,etc.

CFun Project first started in 2015 and has achieved major milestones over the past two

years:

1. CFun has successfully enlisted 210,000 creative writers on its CoGC platform. With

overall marketing cost below 100,000 USD, the average acquisition cost per user is less
than 50 cents. This is achieved mainly via community management and social campaigns.

This method is effective in building and maintaining a stable user base and can be applied to

other countries like Japan and Korea.

2. Cfun’s unique multi-person collaborative creation mode, with strong social attributes.

Social interaction brings fun and inspiration to creation; meanwhile, social relations among
creators increase intrinsic motivation of creation making each role in the work more vivid and

solid. Social relations between readers and creators not only shorten the distance between

readers and works, but also allowed the works to swiftly attract a large number of fans.

3. The joining of Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) boosts the continuous increase of user

number on CFun. Not only can these KOLs promote their works, their needs to interact with
their fans can also be fulfilled on CFun.

4. Content serves as topic, as classification, as mapping clue to categorize different people.

Using big data and content screening, CFun attracts targeted people with quality content and
retains them as loyal users.

3



5. A sense of achievement is as important as financial payment.

Though CFun chose not to pay the creators for their works, it still
emerges as the top platform for collaborative creative writing in

China. The main reason behind that is CFun’s deep understanding

of user psychology. Certainly, if CFun chooses to reward quality IPs
with financial incentives, it will attract more talents to create great

works.

CFun’s successful operation in the Chinese market has earned us

enormous resources and for it advantages to expand into overseas

markets, especially in Japan and Korea.

3.2   Vertical Extension – Entering Overseas Markets

The “Nijigen” culture (or ACG: Anime, Comic and Games）

originated from Japan, and has gained significant market shares in

South Korea, Southeast Asia and the United States. The recent
surge in Nijigen popularity is largely due to the development of

mobile internet. More people can read anime, comics and novels in
short intervals of their spare time, thus many works and characters

become popular. Many anime characters and fictional heroes have

become idols of teenagers. In addition, as smart phones become
ubiquitous, applications that focuses on social interactions become

the mainstream. Nijigen culture spreads virally and reinforces itself
quickly via social networks, driving more original creative works into

popularity.

In the first phase of its global expansion, CFun plans to focus on the
Asian market, especially Japan and Korea. In addition to leveraging

its experiences in the Chinese market, CFun will also take the
following steps:



1. Redesign and adjust CFun’s product according to Japanese and

Korean users’ preferences, including interface style and interactive
modes. The current user interface of CFun was designed by our

Japanese art consultant Kuroda Hirohito. From his design we can tell

that user preferences are quite similar across Japan and China.

2. Establish partnership with KOLs of the Nijigen communities in

Japan and Korea. This will attract local seed users to join CFun
Platform.

3. CFun plans to focus its resources on marketing and promotion

during the hundreds of various ACG/Nijigen conference events in
Japan and Korea.

4. IP demands in China have been huge in recent years. In 2016, the
culture and entertainment industry reached RMB350.5 billion (55

billion USD), an 11.8% increase compared to 2015. With the surge

of IP demand, an increasing number of Chinese IP buyers are
shifting their attention to Japan and South Korea. According to

current market statistics, Japanese and Korean IPs have strong
potential and advantages in the Chinese market in terms of price,

content, quality, viral capacity and scalability. Huge demands of IP in

China will also attract overseas readers and creators to join CFun.

5. CoGC knows no borders. IPs created by young Chinese writers

can also impress IP buyers overseas.



By taking advantages of its experience in Chinese market, blockchain

technologies and CFun Token system, CFun Platform aims to generate over
3000 new IPs through CoGC every month in Japan and Korea within the

next 18 months. Meanwhile, CFun will start exploring the markets in Taiwan,

Hong Kong and Singapore with the goal of becoming the biggest CoGC
platform in Asia Pacific in the near future.

3.3 Horizontal Expansion – Broadening the Fields of Creation

CFun will also horizontally expand its CoGC platform to cover other fields of

collaborative creation, such as comics, music and movies.

The concept of collaborative content creation applies not only in creative

writing. CoGC also applies to comics (e.g. storyboarding, line drafting,
coloring, etc.), music (e.g. lyrics, music composition, vocal, accompaniment,

etc.) where multiple creators with skills in different areas collaborate to

create the final work. An initiator can set up a project group and other
creators may then join. Every creator of this collaborative community utilizes

individual expertise, contributes to the progress of the work, grows his/her
fan base, and shares the benefits together.



Application Scenarios of CFun Tokens

4.1 Intellectual Property Transactions

IP buyers publish their Requests for Customized IP and associated CFun

Token reward plans through Smart Contracts on CFun, and evaluate the

submitted works according to the Popularity Index. Interested creators then
participate in the collaborative creation according to the rules set by Smart

Contracts. When IP buyers acquire the content they need, they have also
obtained the fans at the same time.

4.2 VIP Membership

Readers and creators can pay CFun Tokens for VIP membership, which

entitles them to obtain exclusive services and rights. For example, VIP
creators are entitled to have priority display for their works and VIP readers

can get more rewards than non-VIP users when reading the same content.

4.3 Fees for Reading

Creators can choose among four paymentmethods for reading their works

1. Free Reading: in this default mode, readers read creators’ works for free

and are rewarded with CFun Tokens by the CFun Platform for their reading

activities.

2. Paid Content: readers pay CFun Tokens to unlock more contents

3. Limited-time Free Reading: in order to attract more readers, creators allow
readers to read some contents for free within certain time limit

4. Paid to Read: creators pay readers extra CFun Tokens to attract them for

reading their works

4



4.4 Invitation for Co-creation

By offering CFun Tokens as rewards, creators invite other creators to further

develop their works. For example, to transform a writing into comics, voice

recordings, videos,games,etc.

4.5 Bounty Tasks

CFun Platform enables direct interaction between IP buyers and creators. IP

buyers can set up special-purpose topic groups, where users complete tasks

to earn CFun Tokens from the IP buyers. The tasks can be questionnaires,
content schemes, innovative ideas,etc.

4.6 Interactive Notification

Users can send notifications to others by paying CFun Tokens. They can

also decide whether to receive paid notification from other users and the
amountpaid.



Issuance & Distribution of CFun Token5

5.1 Issuance

CFun Project plans to issue a digital token called CFun for the purposes of activating

and facilitating the operation of reward system and the profit distribution within CFun

platform. With the issuance and circulation of CFun Token, transactions can be
concluded in a more convenient and transparent manner on the platform. In addition,

transactions will be executed and regulated automatically through Smart Contract,
which further guarantees the fairness of transaction without the warranty of a third party.

5.2 Distribution

The initial issuance volume of CFun is one billion, among which 500 million (50%) is set

to be distributed through ICO. BTC, ETH and Qtum are acceptable for exchange as per
certain rates. The raise target is set at 15 million USD or cryptocurrency equivalent, and

the specific conversion rates of different cryptocurrencies will be confirmed before the

official ICO.

If the ICO does not hit 30% of the target, namely selling 150,000,000 CFUN, it will be

deemed as unsuccessful offering. In such case, the offering will be terminated
immediately and amount raised refunded to the investors. However, when the amount of

CFun sold through ICO reaches 500,000,000, the ICO will be closed immediately.



Detailed distribution scheme ofCFun is as followings:

500 million (50%) CFun will be distributed to the private placement investors and ICO
participants; ;

100 million (10%) CFun will be locked as development reserve and will only be issued

when necessary. In such case, the price and amount shall be determined through
community poll.

200 million (20%) CFun will be distributed to the team as long-term incentive. To make
sure the continuous execution of development roadmap after Crowd-funding, this part of

CFun will be gradually unlocked in 3 years. 5% CFUN will be released after finishing the

ICO; 5% will be released in 1 year later, and the next two years will release 5%
annually.

100 million (10%) CFun will be awarded to authors and readers as users incentive in
about4 years.

100 million (10%) CFun will be used for commercial promotion of CFun project.

Distribution	Scheme	of	CFun	Token

50%
Private Placement 

& ICO

10%
Development 

Reserve

20%
Team 

Distribution

10%
Commercial 
Promotion

10%
Award Pool



5.3 ICO Details
The ICO will offier a total amount of 500 million CFun. 1 CFun is equal to 0.03 USD. The

soft cap of the ICO is set at 4.5 million USD, and hard cap is set at 15 million USD.

Once the hard cap is reached, the ICO will be ended up immediately. As per time order,
20% discount will be given to pre-distribution participants, 10% discount will be given to

the early-bird distribution.
CFun Tokens will be distributed to the participants within 7 days after the completion of

ICO.

5.4 Use Cases of Fund Raised
The fund raised through ICO will be allocated as follows：

Allocation	of	Fund	Raised

50%
Project Development 

20%
Operation & Management

20%
Marketing 

10%
Legal advice



5.4.1 Project Development

DApp requires adequate development costs for technology R&D, recruitment and team
building to guarantee the smooth execution ofproject.

5.4.2 Marketing

For the purposes of obtaining the acceptance and recognition from the market as soon
as possible,a plenty of marketing and promotion targeting businesses and customers

need to be done.

5.4.3 Operation and Management

In order to support and achieve the overall strategic goal of the project, investments on

manpower and materials need to be made to plan, organize, implement and control the
operation process.

5.4.4 Legal Advice

Our DApp is in the creation field which involves a large number of laws and regulations,

therefore, sufficient funds is needed to ensure the conduct of relevantof legal works.



Successful CoGC Cases on CFun

6.1 CFun Social Content Community

CFun started in 2015 with a focus on Nijigen CoGC of creative writing in

China. CFun Apps can be downloaded from App Store for iOS version and

Android market for Android version. CFun App is now the largest platform for
CoGC of creative writing in China. Creators mainly consist of young people

who love Nijigen culture (or ACG: Anime, Comic and Games). Driven by
interest, they collaborate via CFun Platform to co-create stories and

establish, manage and operate various topic-based communities in a

decentralized and autonomous style.

6

Theme-based	
communities	on	CFun

Brief	introduction	and	
main	plot	of	a	CoGC

story	on	CFun



CFun focuses on CoGC and already hosts more than 200,000 creators.

Active users on average spend 80 minutes creating 2900 words per day.
There are more than 60,000 autonomous theme-based communities that

co-created more than 70,000 stories. For example, under the theme King of

Glory (a highly popular mobile game in China developed by Tencent), there
are 199 creators participating in the fan-created stories and have co-

created more than 5.4 million words and generated 449,000 comments.
Under the original theme Lucky Coffee Cat, there are 200 creators

participating in the original story-writing and have co-created more than 3.6

million words and generated 2.1 million comments. Lucky Coffee Cat has
been turned into a comic and published in Kuaikan Comic (a major mobile

comic App developed by Kuaikan World in China), generating about 70
million views.

6.2 Sucessful CoGC Cases

Specialized in original content creation, CFun has accumulated rich CoGC

content and experience over years. With the goal of helping individual
creator and realizing values of his/her work, CFun embarked on exploring

demands of IP buyers and connecting with them in diverse fields in 2016.



《UNDECIMBER	DUODECEMBER》

6.2.1 Examples of Products Developed from IPs on CFun

(1) 《MARV》MARV is the first collection of Nijigen Language Cosplay
stories in China. 《MARV》 was co-created by 44 CFun creators and was

published by the Writers’ Publishing House in China.

(2) 《Undecimber Duodecember 》is a novels collection published and

printed by CFun creators.

《MARV》



(3) Comics works on proprietary IPs from CFun Platform include《Lucky

Coffee Cat 》and 《Elegy of Dionysus》. 《Lucky Coffee Cat》 has received
about70 million views and 21,000 comments.

6.2.2 Business Corporation ofCrowd Creation

CFun has signed the agreements with many Chinese renowned companies
regarding usage of crowd creation content

(1) Such as eLong (major online travel service provider in China), Xtep

(famous sportswear brand in China) and HaoBaShi (large snack brand in
China) to design customized interactive live shows and short videos,

providing new forms of contentdisplay for the companies.

《Lucky	Coffee	Cat》



(2) Content Supplier for Xtep in its Nijigen Online Viral Marketing: CFun

creators created Nijigen stories behind a pair of sneakers and co-named the
sneakers after Xtep and Jiro Wang (a Chinese singer and star). The sneakers

serve as the medium to deliver the promise from guardian wings, connecting

fans and Jiro Wang together.

Online Viral Marketing of Xtep

(3) Corporate IP Content Designs with Papa Recipe masks, eLong,

Septwolves, JD Finance, JD Baitiao,etc.



(4)Sales Boost for E-Commerce

CFun is the exclusive supplier of interactive content for JD Books (the books
division of JD.com, one of the largest B2C e-commerce platform in China). JD

Books has launched special webpages for merchandize descriptions and

details based on ideas from creators on CFun. After two months of A/B testing,
ideas from CFun achieved stellar sales results: 9% increase in average time

users spent on the page, 9% increase in order numbers, and 8% increase in
order conversion rate.

JD	Nijigen zone



JD Books has signed strategic partnership with CFun Platform, and creators of

CFun will provide ideas and creative works for the e-commerce giant’s
merchandises, which exceeds 40 million SKU (Stock Keeping Units) every

year. Thousands of suppliers and publishers in JD Books will publish Requests

for Customized IPs on CFun Platform and creators can earn financial returns
by submitting works and winning the bounties.

This is a typical example where massive amounts of Requests for IPs with low
budgets are matched with thousands of autonomous creators on the CFun

Platform.



Roadmap of Development7

September 2014,CFun (Beijing Higgs Technology Inc.) was founded

November 2014, CFun received angel investment from Xue Manzi and
PreAngel, and started developing a social platform centered on hobbies

February 2015, the first project was discontinued

March 2015, the team conducted deep investigation on Nijigen Language
Cosplay and decided to launch the CFun App as we see today

May 2015, CFun received Pre-A round investment from Xue Manzi and
EntertainmentWorks Fund

July 2015, Alpha version of CFun App was released and received over

700 feedbacks in five days

September 2015, 1.0 version of CFun App was released and downloaded

over 5000 times within 2 hours

May 2016, CFun conducted extensive research on content demands and

carried out multiple interdisciplinary projects in video live shows,

corporate IP incubation, and content support for small and medium
enterprises

November 2016, CFun creators exceeded 100,000 and created works
with over 100 million words

April 2017, CFun and JD.com agreed on using interactive merchandize

descriptions for e-commerce and signed partnership agreement on
customized IP creation for 2,000 SKU



May 2017, CFun received additional investment from Xue Manzi and

Cross-Straits Youth Capital

June 2017, CFun creator exceeded 150,000 and created works with over

200 million words

October 2017, CFun redesigned business structure to integrate with
blockchain technologies

November 2017,CFun Whitepaper will be published

December 2017, international Pre-sale ofCFun Tokens will be launched

July 2018,demo of CFun DApp will be completed

August 2018,CFun DApp will be completed and operated online

In the future…



Conclusion

CFun aims to build a support platform that links global creators together. In order to assist

collaborative creation within decentralized autonomous groups, CFun Application records
authorships of the creative works via blockchains, predicts the market value of the created

Intellectual Properties (IPs) and matches buyers with patented algorithms, calculates

contribution among co-creators and complete IP transactions through Smart Contracts, etc.

By utilizing CFun Eco-system and CFun Tokens, CFun Platform helps small-and-medium

sized IP buyers to acquire suitable IPs at affordable prices and also helps creators to
monetize their works quickly.

The mission of CFun is to tokenize individual creativity and realize socialized content

creation as well as facilitate value transactions of these personal digital assets.

9



Disclaimer

This document is for the purpose of the introduction to the project only, and does not

constitute any investment advice or suggestions. Neither does this document constitute any
form of contractual agreementor promise.

Participants of the project must clearly understand the risks of the project. Purchasing any

digital assets in the project means participants are aware of and accept the risks of the
project and are willing to bear all subsequent consequences. The project team expressly

disclaims that they shall not bear any direct or indirect losses as a result of participating in
the project.

Disclaimer terms of this project include and are not limited to

a) Prices of the CFun Tokens are not guaranteed to increase in value and may decline in
some circumstances.

b) CFun Tokens serve as utility tokens used solely on the CFun Platform and do not
represent any form of ownership or control right in CFun, CFun App, CFun Foundation

or any other associated entities.

c) CFun Tokens could be lost or stolen.

d) Blockchain-based digital assets have been subjected to increasing regulatory actions in

many countries. Any pressures or adverse regulatory actions from governments or
regulatory bodies may impact the CFun Project and CFun Tokens.

e) Technologies behind the CFun Project and Qtum Blockchain are still at early stage and

may not be developed or successfully deployed.

f) CFun Project and CFun Tokens may not receive sufficient interests from individuals or

organizations.

g) CFun Project and CFun Tokens may not meet the expectations of the CFun team or the

participants of the project.

h) CFun Platform and Qtum Blockchain may come under internet hacking attacks

10



i) Software of the CFun Projectmay have loopholes and may be cracked.

j) CFun Tokens may be traded on specific exchanges.

k) The CFun team may undergo significant adverse changes including possible

dissolution

l) The official website and the wallets of the CFun Project may fail.

m) Other unforeseen risks.

Unless participants understand the plan of the project and the risks associated with
blockchain-based digital assets, participants are not recommended to participate in the

presale of the CFun Tokens. Blockchain-based digital assets are at an early stage of

development and thus are inherently risky, and caution must be taken for any
participation. Once participants have participated in the presale of the CFun Tokens, the

participation is irreversible and cannot be refunded except in the event that the presale
fails to meet its soft ceiling.



Thanks！


