











































/// GLOBAL COPYRIGHT REGISTER: Technical Paper 2

ABSTRACT

 The digital image and licensing industry 
is growing rapidly due to the proliferation 
of high-quality digital cameras. As a conse-
quence, an influx of high-quality photogra-
phy now exists in various untapped mar-
kets.

 The market for digital images has a a few 
bottlenecks which have yet to be addres-
sed. The commercial landscape makes the 
acquisition of photography costly for buyers. 
In addition, the process lacks transparency 
and is unprofitable for artists. The indust-
ry is controlled by only a few players who 
keep up to 70% of the revenue and leave 
rights-holders with little compensation. 

 Blockchain is a disruptive technology 
which has the potential to solve multiple 
problems in the rights-management indus-
try: identification, u sage t racking, a nd o w-
ner-management of digital content; smart 
contract payments to rights-holders; as well 
as transfer or sale of rights in part or whole. 

 The native token (CPY) will fuel the 
smart contracts that interact with the 
decentra-lized registrar. Due to the large 
number of hashes that can exist to identify 
digital con-tent, a new chain will be 
launched.



/// GLOBAL COPYRIGHT REGISTER: Technical Paper 3

/// 1. 
INTRODUCTION

 Since 2015, COPYTRACK has 
provided rights-holders with an overview 
of the usa-ge of their online creative 
works and com-bated illicit usage of their 
intellectual pro-perty. COPYTRACK has 
now emerged as the market leader and 
offers an effortless way for rights-holders 
to monetize their work.

 Digital content management faces 
two types of challenges – those faced by 
users, and those faced by rights-holders. 
Users often misunderstand the usage of 
digital images online and the 
corresponding licen-sing options. In 
addition, they also lack ac-cess to licensing 
platforms and the ability to acquire usage 
rights in a timely manner. 

 On the other hand, rights-holders 
have few or no methods to prove 
ownership of original content and 
derivative work. Also, they often have 
inadequate tools to track the usage of 
their copyrighted images and identify 
violations. If a violation can be iden-tified, 
there are even fewer solutions avai-lable 
due to the global footprint of market 
participants. 

 Both users and rights-holders are 
faced with the challenge of reducing the 
cost of payments, so as to allow affordable 
purcha-se of use-rights for users and the 
maximiz-ation of revenue for rights-
holders. In addi-tion, both groups struggle 
with facilitating seamless and timely 
settlement of pay-ments. These industry 
problems are further detailed in Section 2.

 CopyTrack’s solution is the creation of   

a distributed database and ledger whose 
core purpose is to store a decentralized 
copyright registry for digital content 
which authenticates users and links digital 
intel-lectual property. This registry will 
generate a unique ecosystem for rights-
holders and open new, efficient markets. 
This paper de-scribes the functionality of 
the blockchain, including smart contract 
use cases, in Secti-on 3.

/// 2. 
KEY CHALLENGES OF DIGITAL 
CONTENT COPYRIGHT

 While most professional photography is 
locked away in stock photography services 
and secured with watermarks, there is an 
increasing number of photos which are 
readily accessible on websites, social media 
and blogs without any information on avai-
lable licenses.

 This leads to a free-for-all mentality online 
with an estimated 85% of online images 
used without a valid license. Photos and 
images are copied and distributed without 
knowledge or consent of the rights-holders. 
This poses a serious problem to the indus-
try; artists and creators suffer substantial 
financial loss due to undetected copyright 
violations.

2.1. User And Rights-Holder Challenges

 Users are often unaware that any photogra-
phy posted online without explicit licensing 
information, such as Creative Commons, 
comes with all rights reserved by the crea-
tor. Even if the user is aware, there are high 
search and transaction costs: rights-holders 
are difficult to identify and contact, and it 
is a time-consuming endeavor to negotiate 
and acquire appropriate licensing rights. 

 Rights-holders are usually unaware of the 
copies of their content used worldwide, and 
therefore are unable to act on violations. 



/// GLOBAL COPYRIGHT REGISTER: Technical Paper 4

Artists are not keen on tracking their work 
and validating licenses. Rather, they are 
looking for a service that can facilitate this 
for them. Stock photography sites 
provide some of these services; however, 
they leave artists with an unfair share and 
keep up to 70% of revenue for themselves.

2.2. Global Nature of Digital Assets

 The challenges outlined previously are 
glo-bal in nature and are common to all 
areas of digital content. The marketplace is 
highly fragmented: almost all current 
methods for infringement resolution are 
based on nati-onal legal frameworks and 
tools. These fra-meworks typically present 
insurmountable barriers for individuals to 
overcome unless they enlist professional 
help.

 Lastly, these facts and figures only 
refer to the digital image market and the 
illegal use of images online, yet there are 
nume-rous categories of digital content 
where the same patterns apply: video 
content, music, and text, as well as notary 
and legal docu-ments.

/// 3. 
WHY BLOCKCHAIN?

 The concept of using the Bitcoin 
block-chain to notarize data by publishing 
a hash of the data in a Bitcoin 
transaction is not new [1]. As such, it is 
easy to see that the core model of the 
decentralized registrar is to create a 
database to store the current and 
historical information about digital 
content: its identifying hash, the public 
key of the owner and past owners, and the 
pay-ment history to the rights-holder by 
anyo-ne who uses the registered digital 
content. Smart contracts are used to 
modify the sta-te of the digital content.

 A smart contract can interact with or mo-
dify digital content in three ways. First, users 
can seamlessly pay rights-holders to use 
their digital content. Also, rightsholders can 
transfer ownership or codify different rights. 
The native token is used as a payment to 
execute the various smart contracts. The 
methodologies for each of these inter-
actions are described more fully in Section 
3.3.

 At its current performance, Bitcoin can 
handle about five transactions per second, 
and each transaction costs approximately 
$0.50 USD [2]. Because of this limitation, it 
becomes economically infeasible to inte-
grate large volumes of data for pre-existing 
digital content on the Bitcoin, or any plat-
form’s, blockchain.

 Due to the current total number and fu-
ture projections of available digital media 
(see Figure 1), it is necessary to develop a 
highly scalable method to store a large 
amount of identifying hashes in a custom 
blockchain built for this specific task. 

 Details of the Proof-of-Stake consensus 
protocol can be found in Section 3.1. To 
achieve high scalability, the ledger balance 
will be stored as Unspent Transaction Out-
puts (UTXOs), which are discussed in Secti-
on 3.2.



/// GLOBAL COPYRIGHT REGISTER: Technical Paper 5

 Figure 1. The digital image market is gro-
wing rapidly worldwide. InfoTrends latest 
global forecast of photos taken estimates 
that the total number or images stored in 
2017 is around 4.7 trillion. The data reveals a 
staggering 1.1 trillion photos were captured 
by mobile devices and still cameras in 2016. 
This number will grow to over 1.2 trillion in 
2017, and 1.4 trillion in 2020 with a Com-
pound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 9%.

3.1. Consensus protocol

 We choose Proof-of-Stake (PoS) as our 
consensus model for many reasons which 
relate to problems inherent in Proof-of-
Work (PoW). First, obtaining proper decen-
tralization while achieving an unbounded 
solution to the Byzantine Generals’ prob-
lem via Proof-of-Work, also known as Naka-
moto Consensus, requires the calculation 
of a non-trivial computationally intensive 
problem. Often such problems are memo-
ry-bound or bandwidth-limited. In other 
words, the time to solution is related to the 
speed and size of the memory bus. The lar-
ger and faster the memory bus width is, the 
more efficiently the algorithm can perform. 
As a natural consequence, bitcoin mining, 
which currently uses the SHA-256d hash as 
PoW, evolved from first running on CPUs to 
GPUs as specialists ported the algorithm of 
the hash function to run on GPUs. Eventual-
ly, Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs) 
were used to prototype the first custom 
Application Specific Integrated Circuits, or 
(ASICs), with each generation being more 
efficient than the last. Numerous algorith-
ms have followed the same development 
process as SHA-256d. 

 Due to economies of scale, large mining 
operations are more efficient than smaller 
ones. One could argue that the develop-
ment of ASICs exacerbated this threat to 
decentralization. Still, large GPU farms con-
vey the same threats as ASIC farms, i.e. those 

due to mining centralization. One cause of 
centralization is the availability of the GPUs 
on the retail market. Currently, a worldwide 
shortage of GPUs exists,
as can be seen by lack of availability. This is 
most likely due to the unforeseen demand 
for GPUs in cryptocurrency miners caused 
by the rapid increase in the market capitali-
zation of GPU-minable coins.

 On the other hand, various Proof-of-Sta-
ke models provide a similar level of secu-
rity in the same manner as Proof-of-Work. 
However, the original PoS model suffers 
from coin-age attacks and is now rarely 
used. Ignoring any academic PoS models, 
such as Snow White [6] or Sleepy [6], as 
few open-source projects have put these 
into practice, the state of the art is PoS 3.0, 
as detailed by the Blackcoin developers in 
[3]. PoS 3.0 theoretically rewards node ope-
rators which stake their coins longer while 
giving no incentive to coin owners who do 
not participate in securing the network and 
leave their wallets offline. As such, the PoS 
3.0 consensus model has been chosen for 
our blockchain.

3.2. UTXO

 The UTXO model consists of a forest struc-
ture that tracks the history of a unit. Roots 
are coin-creation events, such as rewards 
obtained from PoW or PoS, and have no in-
put transactions. By definition, all leaves are 
unspent transaction outputs. When a leaf 
branches or sprouts a new limb, the leaf be-
comes an inner node of the graph. During 
this process, the unspent transaction out-
put is consumed and used as the input of a 
new unspent transaction output. Using this 
model, one can transparently trace back 
the history of each transaction through the 
public ledger. The UTXO model inherently 
allows for parallel processing capabilities to 
initialize transactions among multiple ad-
dresses, indicating its scalability.



/// GLOBAL COPYRIGHT REGISTER: Technical Paper 6

The current industry leader for smart cont-
ract platforms is Ethereum, which uses So-
lidity – a Javascript-resembling Turing-com-
plete language, for coding smart contracts. 
Despite a flaw in the Parity Wallet written 
in Solidity and the DAO attack,  Solidity is 
currently the leading smart-contract langu-
age. For this reason, smart contracts for our 
blockchain will be Ethereum Virtual Machi-
ne (EVM) compatible. 

 Different from the UTXO model, Ethereum 
is an account based system [5]. In that de-
sign, each account experiences direct value 
and information transfers with state transi-
tions, similar to a real world bank account. 
Every newly generated block GLOBAL CO-
PYRIGHT REGISTER: TECHNICAL PAPER 5 
potentially influences the global status of 
other accounts. Every account has its own 
balance, storage and code-space base for 
calling other accounts or addresses, and 
stores respective execution results. In the 
existing Ethereum account system, users 
perform P2P transactions via client remote 
procedure calls. 

Although sending messages to more ac-
counts via smart contracts is possible, the-
se internal transactions are only visible in 
the balance of each account; thus, tracking 
them on the public ledger of Ethereum is 
a challenge. Because of these limitations, 
Ethereum currently suffers from a scalabili-
ty bottleneck and isn’t suitable for the core 
usage of our proposed global registry. Co 
sequently, we will adopt the innovative de-
sign of Bitcoin-network UTXO model.

3.3. Content as a Smart Contract 

 We introduce the notion of „Content as 
Smart Contracts.“ When content is recorded 
on our blockchain, it will be included in the
database as a smart contract, with a state 
that initially contains several pieces of infor-
mation: 1) a hash of the digital content, and 

2) the (hash of the) public key of the cont-
ent owner.

 The history of the state of the registered 
content is then stored automatically in the 
blockchain database. The state of the cont-
ent is updated with the hash of the appro-
priate message signed with the private key 
which corresponds to the public key of the 
current owner. For instance, changing the 
ownership of the content can be done by 
hashing a signed message which contains 
the new owner’s public key and the amount 
of CPY for the sale. Owners of registered 
content can also be paid seamlessly by de-
riving a fixed address from their public key 
for all payments.

 In order to execute a smart contract, a 
dynamic amount of CPY must be used as 
payment, akin to Ethereum’s and Qtum’s 
gas model. Payment is not necessary for re-
gistering content as content creators and 
rights-owners will go through our KYC pro-
cess to prove they have they right to register 
content.

 By utilizing trustless smart contracts and 
defining atomic functions that can change 
the state of the content, we can eliminate 
costly middle men. Content registration, 
proof of ownership, and payment to copy-
right holders has never been easier.



/// GLOBAL COPYRIGHT REGISTER: Technical Paper 7

REFERENCES

[1] M. Araoz. What is Proof of existence?, (2014).
http://www.proofofexistence.com/about

[2] Transaction Fees - Bitcoin Wiki, (2017).
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Transaction_fees

[3] BlackCoin: The Original Proof of Stake Coin.
http://blackcoin.co/

[4] Smart-Contract Value-Transfer Protocols on a 
Distributed Mobile Application Platform.
https://qtum.org/en/white-papers

[5] A Next-Generation Smart Contract and Decen-
tralized Application Platform.
https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Pa-
per

[6] P. Daian. Snow White Robustly Recon gurab-
le Consensus and Applications to Provably Secure 
Proofs of Stake, (2016).
https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/919.pdf

[7] R. Pass. The Sleepy Model of Consensus, (2016).
https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/918.pdf




