






































Microsoft Word - BusinessWP V1.3PUB


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Business Whitepaper v1.3  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

18.05.2017 Zug, Switzerland 

Authors: CORION Team  

by Miklos Denkler mike@corion.io, Zoltan Bor zoltan@corion.io, Ida Froyda ida@corion.io  

 

www.corion.io 



1 

1. ABSTRACT 
CORION Team built a Platform with 7 unique features to create the easiest 

gateway to the Crypto World. CORION Platform is hosted on the Ethereum Classic 

blockchain. It consists of more separate smart contracts, implemented in Solidity 

language. 

The 7 features will accelerate mainstream adoption and invite businesses, as it contains 

P2P connections between users and service providers, a properly constructed  incentive 

system, a user- friendly multifunctional wallet for interactions, a stable priced coin, 

which is a universal payment asset, a secure P2P exchange, a premium token and a 

relaxing “game”, which is the basis of our automated price stabilization method. 

 

The opportunities created by Bitcoin and blockchain are used by only 8-10 million 

people. The cryptocurrency innovations are valuable for humanity. The next step is to 

increase the cryptocurrency user base significantly (above 100 million people). Usage of 

digital currencies must be simple, predictable and user friendly 

 

Our aim is to extend the user base of the crypto community by 10-100 times from what 

it is now by attracting non crypto savvy people and non crypto based businesses through 

the CORION Platform.  

 

We believe our carefully selected 7 features will facilitate 20-30% of the mainstream 

people and businesses will use the CORION Platform as their main entry point into the 

Crypto World and they will use CORION coins exclusively as a payment method.  

 

Chart: Crypto market cap prediction with CORION 

 



2 

2. CORION VISION 

In 2008 during the global financial crisis Satoshi Nakamoto came up with the idea of a 

Peer to Peer (P2P) money transfer protocol (Bitcoin), which works as money itself. The 

existence of the 1000 years old heritage of financial system was questioned. The new, 

blockchain-based technology is faster, cheaper and open 24/7. Some users were 

attracted by this protocol but mainstream adoption has not been achieved yet. The 

reason is the lack of certain features and interfaces, and too much complexity for 

everyday users. 

In the past few years thousands of great ideas have emerged and have been developed 

by the crypto community, giving boost to it, and also getting the attention of the general 

public. Evidently, those have not been enough for bitcoin and the myriad of other 

projects to become a game-changer.  

In 2017 blockchain technology received a lot of positive attention from mainstream 

users, and it generated demand for features that cryptocurrencies have today. Now is 

the best time to make a striking impact and multiply the number of cryptocurrency users 

in general. From 2009 to 2017 the crypto community has obtained only 5 million active 

users. In coming years, as a result the development of proper use-cases, platforms and 

Apps, the crypto community will likely grow to more than 100 million users. 

 

“Imagine a world, where the name of the game is WIN-WIN 

Imagine a world based on confidence and trust 

Imagine a world, where anyone can enter and make profit 

Imagine a solid system controlled by the players” 

- CORION Team - 

 

CORION Platform, a unified market without boundaries and restrictions, can be the 

fundamental pillar of a new economic and financial system.  

 

We are creating CORION ECOSYSTEM as a multifunctional PLATFORM for businesses and 

individuals to join and build a worldwide decentralised network based on mutual 

benefits, simplicity, security, cost-effectiveness, speed and a stable means of payment.  

The PLATFORM provides and hosts; secure, convenient and instant financial transactions 

between members using CORION, our stable means of payment. 

We envisioned a world-wide network of businesses and individuals reaching out to 

anyone who has a smartphone thus creating an unparalleled self supporting global 

system.  



3 

The core of the system is the unprecedented, symbiotic relationship that will interweave 

economic players worldwide. 

 

This big dream we have been fostering for so long is not just a dream any more.   

It is our passion and commitment, on its way to realisation. 

 

We developed CORION Platform, an ecosystem with a stable digital asset to serve the 

global economy, with innovative tools for payment, finance and trading. CORION 

developers are working on exponentially increasing the userbase of cryptocurrencies in 

the upcoming years. The CORION business model has several use cases from the 

beginning and it encourages everyone to develop new services with it. CORION is going 

to be the platform connecting mainstream users with the crypto world.  

 

 Chart: CORION Platform user base prospective 

 

Current System 

Mostly centralized and debt based (FIAT 

systems) 

Volatile cryptocurrencies 

No demand based coin supply 

No use of coins in daily life  

Only a certain type of people use it 

Short term speculative income 

Whales takes the profit 

CORION Ecosystem 

Decentralized, based on blockchain tech 

Stable price against USD and others 

Demand based coin emission, fair distribution 

Platform for everyday use  

Boost Mainstream adoption 

Continuously passive income 

Fair coin emission through the 

community 

 

We are distributing the “money printing machines” to the ICO participants by 

selling CORION coins to them. This is the source of the Pioneer’s future wealth 

and the fund used to fully develop and test CORION! 

CORION is the easiest way to enter the Crypto World! 



4 

3. THE 7 MOST IMPORTANT FEATURES OF CORION PLATFORM 

(detailed explanation in the next chapter) 

 

3.1 The innovation behind Bitcoin needs certain user base to go forward as it 

was planned by Satoshi. During the past few years several blockchain 

developments and cryptocurrencies have emerged. None of them resulted in 

breakthrough success to reach mainstream adoption. Low and negative publicity in 

the past, speculations, scams, tech savvy interfaces are some of the reasons for this.  

In real life, people interact with other people buying and selling the oods they need on 

everyday basis. Shopping, searching for the suitable products is the most common daily 

activity amongst the poor and the rich as well.  

CORION Platform offers a marketplace where community members can start, promote 

and extend their businesses and users are able to find suitable solutions for their needs.  

 

3.2 Merchants and service providers refuse to accept cryptocurrency 

payments because of unpredictable exposure to additional risks of exchange 

losses and regulatory issues. However, volatility in price and lack of management, 

marketing and financial skills prevent developers and community members from 

spreading them all over the world. An instrument with all its potentials to become a 

perfect global means of payment is now a victim of speculation and well beyond the 

reach of mainstream users.  

A stable cryptocurrency is the solution. It enables merchants and users to benefit 

from all the advantages of blockchain technology, while keeping the losses caused by 

unexpected price fluctuations away. It is also the cornerstone of a long term successful 

business. 

 

3.3 Merchants, businessmen created their businesses to earn money from it. 

Shoppers use a product or special shopping cards to earn bonuses, which are transferred 

into real money. However, any new opportunity to earn more money is welcomed, any 

possibility to use a new kind of payment method will have ambivalent acceptance. 

CORION Platform’s incentive system attracts Service Providers and users to the 

marketspace. The daily coin emission reward (0  2.5%) keeps them using the 

platform for a long time. Early investors benefit from the growth of the platform, as it 

can expand 5-10-100 times bigger in the medium term.  

 



5 

3.4 Although Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have obtained certain results, it is 

becoming apparent how much the complexity of desktop or mobile wallets is an 

obstacle for the mainstream users and businesses to willingly accept and 

integrate crypto technology as a whole in their daily lives. 

The Multifunctional Wallet, designed for cryptocurrency mainstream usage, is the 

main interface of CORION Platform. It provides the special features of CORION Coin and 

multi coin transactions. 

 

3.5 Hacking and other cyber attacks on crypto exchanges cause uncertainty 

on security matters. Non tech savvy people believe Bitcoin and other altcoins are 

insecure and risky, therefore their acceptance as a daily payment method is not so 

attractive. 

CORION Platform’s smart contract based, built-in decentralised P2P exchange 

provides a safe, fast, and secure entry point. 

 

3.6 To maintain any business, keep it alive in the long term, it is necessary to 

have a steady income secured and independent from the main business itself. 

Premium Token is an innovative way its holders to become a “shareholder” in the most 

promising ventures of CORION Ecosystem. Premium Token holders are eligible to 

get dividend from the investments of the Foundation. Premium Tokens will be distributed 

during the Pre-ICO and ICO period. 

 

3.7 Interaction with customers, activity based involvements are also a 

cornerstones of a successful business. Customer satisfaction is the key! 

The CORION game based on Schelling methods is a part of the coin price stabilizing 

mechanism, and also it is fun to win money while learning how the platform works. 

 

The platform with this 7 features are ready to use. Because it is smart contract 

based, further developments are easy to implement to serve the needs of the 

exponential growing crypto community. 

CORION’s main advantage over any ICO happened in this year (2017) that we have our 

product in hand and we will give CORION wallet to the ICO participants to experience 

what the CORION platform is capable of! 

 

 

 

 



6 

4. CORION PLATFORM  

THE GATEWAY TO THE CRYPTO WORLD 

(detailed explanation) 

 

CORION Platform boosts the mainstream adoption with unique built in features. 

It is the first blockchain- based open marketplace, which applies attractive incentive 

system to encourage the community and service providers, and facilitates transactions 

through a user friendly CORION multifunctional Wallet. On CORION Platform each user 

has the opportunity to become a service provider, to start, promote, and expand their 

businesses worldwide. The users while users easily find solutions for their everyday 

needs. The features of the platform generate the ecosystem to serve the needs of 

mainstream users, and in the meantime provide the space for businesses to expand, to 

trade with their products and services, and to call their customers to join the platform.  

The basic element of the incentive system is the coin supply growth, aka coin 

emission, coin reward.  Initial coin supply (100%) will be the amount of coins sold 

during the ICO period (51%) plus 49% created after ICO period has been finished. 29% 

will be deposited to CORION Foundation for monetary purposes (buying selling coins on 

exchanges if necessary to stabilize), 16% will be apportioned among the development 

team (~30 members) and 4% will be allocated for future developments and motivation.  

As the CORION user base grows, the demand for new coins will increase. 

Therefore price stabilization will kick in and coin supply will expand maximum 

2.5% daily. Coin supply growth will be allocated among the Service Providers and they 

will distribute it among the connected users. The coin supply growth of a Service 

Provider is calculated on the basis of the amount in his Wallet plus the total amount of 

the connected users’ Wallets. A user will be eligible to the coin supply growth only if he 

is connected to a Service Provider. CORION revolutionary system allows the users to 

keep their coins in their own Wallets while they are connected to the Service Provider, 

and in addition to benefit from the daily coin supply growth. Providers, based on their 

business plan and on the competition have the right to decide what percentage (0-

100%) of the daily coin growth they are willing to distribute to their connected users. 

The distribution of the coin supply growth is executed by means of the multifunctional 

CORION Wallet. Both providers and users should interact with their Wallet on a daily 

basis to get it. Coin holders, savers, providers can benefit from the growth of the 

CORION Platform through our incentive system. All newly created coins will appear 

in their wallet and they decide if part of them will be distributed to the 

exchanges.  



7 

Who can benefit from CORION Platform? People, who will enter the Crypto World in the 

upcoming years and those who are already in and willing to create a profitable business 

or services.  

Why will people use CORION Platform? 

The platform encourages the community members to build businesses and services on it.  

The platform stands the proof of the crypto newbies by being simple and easy to use. 

Everything related to Crypto is represented here (coins, exchange, payment, earning on 

coin supply growth, services, use cases). Based on blockchain and smart contracts, it is 

secure and money is made on the coin supply growth. 

Mainstream users meet CORION as they enter into the Crypto World.  

Thanks to the unique incentive system, each CORION member is motivated to actively 

use the Platform and invite new members. The Foundation is committed to find and 

invest in the most promising opportunities, APPs, Dapps, thus extending the usability of 

CORION Platform and adding value to the applicability of cryptocurrencies at the same 

time. 

4.1 CORION PLATFORM – MARKETPLACE 

 

CORION Platform invites customers, entrepreneurs and financial service 

providers in one marketplace. 

The Service Providers, services, marketplaces, community bazars make CORION 

ecosystem live. The daily coin supply growth is distributed through the Service 

Providers. Everyone from the community is entitled to become a Service Provider, and 

start their own businesses, acquire customers or connect to any business as a client. The 

mainstream will be engaged through affiliate programs and shopping communities, 

generating growing demand to use the platform. The system provides the tools and 

conditions to do business either within a local community or around the globe, wherever 

it might take place either in developed or in emerging regions. That is why each member 

of the community is encouraged to join the platform. CORION ecosystem mirrors the 

physical trading platform with the freedom of being a digital one, thus it is easy to find 

business partners and customers here. Even the majority of unbanked people worldwide 



8 

can be reached via the platform. The unique features encourage users and providers to 

be active on the marketplace. 

 

By purchasing just 3,000 CORION you can become a Service Provider and start your 

business. There are two ways to benefit from CORION Platform. 

4.1.1  If you are a business owner in the real world you can act as a Service Provider on 

CORION Platform and urge your existing clients to use CORION platform to connect 

to your digital service, so that they can benefit from the daily coin supply growth as 

well. With that you can give extra value to them.  

4.1.2 As you start your business you have the possibility to acquire new partners from 

the platform worldwide, and you will be eligible to get a percentage on the daily coin 

reward of their “connected capital”. Your business details will be listed in our wallet 

so you can promote your existing, real life business to your new partners as well. 

 

More connected customers means more combined daily coin reward for you, and more 

sales in your real life business. Upon accepting CORION Coin as a means of payment in 

your business, your existing customer base will be extended. In addition, you can 

acquire CORION users from every part of the globe to join your service. Detailed 

explanation of CORION Service Provider types find in chapter Activity rewarded daily 

coin emission.  

 

Example 1: 

Robert has a restaurant in Miami, Florida. He downloaded our wallet and bought enough 

CORIONs to become a Service Provider (Public Providers will not get coin emission on 

their 3,000 CORIONs purchased to become a Service Provider). His Restaurant now is in 

the Service Providers section of our wallet. He tells all the new and returning customers 

about CORION Platform as he set the coin reward to 50-50%, so he will keep only 50% 

of it, and his partners will get the other 50%. Barbara and James are returning 

customers. They like the restaurant and they like to get bonuses. They download the 

wallet right at the restaurant and buy 1,000 CORION coins. They find Robert’s restaurant 

immediately, and connect their wallets to his. Robert now has 2,000 CORIONs 

connected. Every day when coin emission is distributed, he gets the coin emission not 

only on his CORIONs, but onr Barbara’s and James’s as well. (He can get maximum 25 

COR/day). Barbara and James receive enough CORIONs from the daily coin emission to 

go Robert’s restaurant for a romantic dinner every week. 

Days later, James realises he has 3 more partners, one of them from abroad Someone 

from abroad found his 50-50% business proposal attractive enough to join him 



9 

altogether with 2,800 CORIONs. His maximum combined earning from his partners is 60 

COR/day now.  

 

Example 2: 

Adam has a hotel near James. He heard of CORION Platform from James, but he has 

another perspective. He downloaded the wallet, bought CORION Coins to become a 

Private Service Provider. He is on the Multifunctional wallet now and he offers no coin 

emission rewards to his future partners. As he is a Private Service Provider, he knows all 

his connected partners. Instead of sharing the coin reward with them, he tracks their 

connected wallets and offers some discount on his services, even a free one-night stay 

to anyone who reaches a certain amount of coin emission as a partner. 

Melissa travels a lot, she is a regular guest in the hotel. Adam has explained her the 

bonus structure and the opportunities of CORION Platform. She downloaded the wallet 

and bought 1,000 CORIONs. She is now connected to Adam’s Hotel. Next time, she not 

only can pay with CORIONs, but also finds she is granted a 30% discount from her bill. 

These real life situations demonstrate how regular businesses can get more income 

through CORION Marketplace. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



10 

There are ample scientific evidences that any natural or artificially created system 
which wants to endure in the medium and long term, strives to attain equipoise.  
The operation of fiscal systems, economies, financial markets, and money itself, is 
governed by finding equilibrium. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balance_of_trade  
In order to gain stability, money is issued in compliance with the monetary rules. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monetarism  
 
Schelling game-theory:   
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Focal_point_(game_theory)  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Joseph_Schelling  
 
CORION Platform: Economists and tech developers together created a system, where 
the quantity of coins is controlled by the members of the community, who can take 
their share on the same conditions: all that serves to achieve and maintain stability.  
Additionally, we attained this result that stability is independent from the number of 
users. 
 
The inspiration to create our system was drawn, among others, from this blog: 
https://blog.ethereum.org/2014/11/11/search-stable-cryptocurrency/ 
 

4.2 CORION PLATFORM - STABLE MEANS OF PAYMENT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

For trading with products and services in long term, a payment asset should be 

stable and predictable. The financial asset of the platform is CORION Coin, it’s 

stability ensures security to both service providers and users. It has built-in automated 

inflation and deflation control ensuring the stable price inevitable to carry out real life 

transactions. Because of the stable price, your products and services can be widely 

distributed without boundaries.  

True to their mission, CORION team is determined to achieve a platform with a stable 

means of payment, a platform which is widespread and frequented on a daily basis. It 

will have users ready to commit themselves to this basic principle. We will stand clear of 

‘Pump and dump’ practices in our daily operation. On the contrary, the focus will be on 

making CORION Platform the tool to generate long term passive income for the users as 

a winning strategy.  



11 

Inflation methods: If the price of CORION coin rises above 1 USD on the main 

exchanges, i.e. there is a demand for more coins, the system will release maximum 

2.5% additional coins daily through coin emission. 

Deflation methods: If the price of CORION coin drops below 1 USD on the main 

exchanges, that means there are more coins in circulation then the system needs, so 

coin emission will stop for that day. Furthermore, after each transaction there are set 

fees calculated. These fees are burnt, and they will never appear in the system again, so 

day by day there will be fewer and fewer coins. Coin parking is an effective way to 

remove coins from the exchanges. As the system rewards only the wallets connected to 

a service provider, users will be withholding coins in their wallets to get the benefits 

from providers and collect the daily emission. 

The CORION game, based on Schelling methods is a part of the coin price stabilizing 

mechanism and also a great entertainment for you to win money.  

CORION coin will be available on the main exchanges. Within a Schelling game, the 

community can vote every 3 hours about whether the price of CORION coin in the most 

traded exchanges is below or above one USD 1 at the given certain time. The community 

can vote manually or use an automated system, which reads the input data directly from 

the marked exchanges. If the price is above $1 according to the majority votes, it means 

there is a demand on the market for CORION. If the price is below $1 according to the 

majority votes, it means there is no demand on the market for CORION. If the player 

sends the correct answer, he will win CORION coins reward from the game pool. 

Depending on the percentage of the ABOVE votes from the total, coin supply growth 

(emission of new coins, reward coins) will be from 0% to 2.5% daily of the total coin 

supply in circulation. For example if 50 mn coins are in circulation and every 3 hours the 

votes are ABOVE, that day the emission of the new coins will be 2.5%, i.e. 1,250,000 

coins. 

If the majority of the votes are BELOW $1 out of the total, coin supply growth (emission 

of new coins, reward coins) will be 0% for that day.  

 

Example of price stabilization algorithms: 

The result of the last 7 Schelling rounds will be checked. 

Possible outcomes and consequences: 

 Result: 7 BELOW 0 ABOVE – No CORION Token emission 

 Result: 6 BELOW 1 ABOVE – No CORION Token emission 

 Result: 5 BELOW 2 ABOVE – No CORION Token emission 

 Result: 4 BELOW 3 ABOVE – No CORION Token emission 

 Result: 3 BELOW 4 ABOVE – CORION Token emission will be initialized 



12 

 Result: 2 BELOW 5 ABOVE – CORION Token emission will be initialized 

 Result: 1 BELOW 6 ABOVE – CORION Token emission will be initialized 

 Result: 0 BELOW 7 ABOVE – CORION Token emission will be initialized 

 

Demand-based coin emission with price stabilization algorithms 

 

CORION Platform applies automated price stabilization methods. Since they are not 

enough to maintain the price around 1 USD, the Stabilization Fund separated by 

Corion Foundation will be used to buy or sell CORION coins on the exchanges. 

Stabilization Fund withholds 25% of the raised ICO fund and 29% of the total issued coin 

supply. These interventions will be transparent after activation and they are activated 

only when the price increases or decreases reaching a certain percentage. Funds and 

coins are used only to stabilize extra fluctuation.  

 

4.3 CORION PLATFORM - ACTIVITY REWARDED DAILY COIN EMISSION 

 

Coin emission makes the service providers and the users interested in 

frequenting and using the platform on a daily bases, and benefit from it. In 

addition to the explanation in the above chapters, coin emission is explained here in 

further details. 



13 

Even if the service provider does not have a customer or a connecting user, he will get a 

reward from daily coin supply growth. You can earn daily interest getting the newly 

issued coins through the Service Providers, without depositing or pledging your money. 

Getting the coin emission reward is fair and open to each member of the community. 

The CORION coin emission is maximum 2.5% daily. The attractive and fair coin reward 

activates the participants. Instead of risky margin trading you can earn predictable 

emission profit here. 

 

Chart: Service Provider types of CORION Platform 

Example 1: 

Edward is a Public Service Provider and has 15,000 CORION Coins in his wallet, besides 

the 3,000 he purchased  to become a Provider. Edward has decided to keep only 50% of 

his coin emission reward, and distribute the other 50% among his connected users.       

 Edward has 3 connected users to his service. 

 Milos with 3,000 coins in his wallet 

 Adam with 4,000 coins in his wallet 

 Mark with 20,000 coins in his wallet 

The total amount in this case is: 

15,000 COR + 3,000 COR + 4,000 COR + 20,000 COR = 42,000 COR 

If the daily coin supply growth is 2.5% Edward will get 187.5 COR on his own coins, and 

337.5 COR for the connected partners’ coins.  

Milos will receive 37.5 COR, Adam 50 COR and Mark 250 COR. 

Example 2: 

Private Service Providers will know their connected partners and the 8,000 CORIONs 

make part of the total capital which get the coin emission.  

Lucas wants to became one, so he downloads the wallet, buys 8,000 CORIONs, and 

clicks on “I want to be a provider” to become a Private Service Provider. He starts his 

business, which is an exclusive fashion brand. He wants to sell more, therefore he 

decides to lower the prices. If supporters, fans of his Collection, then he can use the 

daily coin emission to sell the expensive garments at a favourable price. He will offer 

10% emission reward to anyone who connects to him. The rest will go into his pocket. 

Elizabeth decides to choose Lucas as her Provider, because she wants to buy a nice 

dress from his collection, She connects her wallet with a balance of 10,000 CORIONs to 

Lucas’ Service. Within a month, Lucas comes up with a new, low price collection. Now 

Elizabeth can afford an exclusive dress, while Lucas bags the 90% of the daily coin 



14 

emission, which granted him enough CORIONs to reduce the prices, and increase his 

sales.  

Example 3: 

Pamela is dedicated to help the foundation Aid for Starving Children. She knew about 

CORION Platform and realized how it could change the way people donate money to 

charity organizations. So she contacted the foundation and explained them the benefits. 

Recognising the advantages, they registered as Private Service Providers. The 

foundation keeps 100% of the daily coin emission.  To support them, Pamela 

downloaded the wallet, bought CORIONs from her savings, and connected to the 

foundation. As long as her wallet is not empty, she is a lifelong supporter of this 

foundation without having to spend a cent from her own money. Brian knows Pamela. 

She explains everything to Brian. Brian does not have savings, and he decided to buy 

CORIONs from his salary. As the month goes by, he had to use more and more from it, 

but as there is a daily coin emission on CORION Platform, the foundation got a nice 

amount from even that kind of a committed person. 

 

The examples amply demonstrate the versatile adoption of Corion Platform in our daily 

life.  

Everyone from the community can become a Service Provider satisfying the main 

requirements written in the technical chapter. If you use the platform as a Service 

Provider you can acquire new clients, find new customers or you can give extra services 

to the existing ones. There is a competition among the Providers on the basis of the 

percentage they will pass on to their connected partners of the gross coin emission. 

 

Chart: Prediction with different daily coin emissions, starting with COR 10,000  



15 

4.4 CORION PLATFORM - MULTIFUNCTIONAL WALLET 

 

The CORION Wallet is the main interface of the platform. It is a multifunctional 

Wallet with special features to efficiently and conveniently use the platform. As one of 

the main characters of the platform, the CORION Wallet will be able to transact with the 

most used cryptocurrencies as a unique payment gateway, contributing to the massive 

mainstream adoption of cryptocurrency usage in the future. 

The Wallet takes the data from a full blockchain hosted by a server. A new user should 

register an email address and a password to use the wallet. After that step users can set 

the optional SecureID to ensure a full secured Wallet. For SecureID users, the server 

only prepares the transactions that will be validated with on the client side decrypted 

private key, so the server does not meet with an unencrypted private key. Private keys 

are encrypted with the AES256 bit method, secured by the user (SecureID), or with the 

password provided by the server. 

After registration (after ICO period) everyone can access all the functions of the wallet.  

The wallet main page contains basic interactions with the coin, such as send, receive, 

change to another account (cryptocurrency) and the last transactions. 

Everything else can be reached from the menu or by swiping. Such as, connect to a 

Service Provider, become a Service Provider, list of the Service Providers, daily coin 

reward download, CORION game, P2P exchange are only one click away.  

Shortly after the launch we intend to implement exchange of the most used FIAT and 

crypto currencies into CORION Wallet to make the engagement easier for mainstream 

users. 

The Foundation will finance the future developments of the wallet, including an API 

works as a gateway for other wallet providers to CORION Platform.  

Merchants will accept CORION Coin as value fluctuation will not affect it. The wallet can 

work as a point of sales software, especially when it is ready to use multiple 

cryptocurrencies. Merchants prefer combined solutions with the ease of use. Merchants 

will refuse to have 20 wallets to accept 20 different cryptos. To satisfy their needs, the 



16 

payment interface will be extended with automated conversion options, so users can pay 

BTC or other crypto currencies to a CORION address and the receiver will get CORION 

coins.  

CORION Wallet will be the most beloved one you have ever used, for its 

versatility and for the multiplication of your CORIONS. 

 

4.5 CORION PLATFORM - SMART CONTRACT BASED P2P EXCHANGE  

 

The exponentially growing mainstream interest necessitates secure and easy currency 

exchange in the Wallet. The built-in exchange is smart contract based. It excludes fraud 

and theft as well as costly intermediary 3rd parties and executes P2P secure exchange 

transactions in the easiest way. As a start ETC/COR exchange will be available, then the 

next step is the development of a decentralised exchange platform to process 

transactions with FIAT money and with the most widespread cryptocurrencies. 

 

4.6 CORION PLATFORM - PREMIUM TOKEN 

 

CORION Premium tokens are connected to the whole ecosystem. They are part of the 

Foundation as 50% of the money raised during the ICO period will be saved in the 

development and investment fund as Premium tokens. This fund is used to further 

developments of the features and use-cases of the Platform after the ICO is over. The 

ultimate goal is to attract more users, make the Platform scalable for businesses, and 

encourage them to develop new solutions, use-cases and connect APIs, Dapps to its 

smart contract. The Foundation welcomes each and every innovation from the Crypto, 



17 

Blockchain and FinTech World, which may contribute to the improvement of CORION 

Platform. 

Premium Token holders are eligible to get dividend from the investments of the 

Foundation. Dividends are given after a certain, fixed period. Premium Tokens entitle 

investors to become „shareholders” in the most promising ventures of CORION 

Ecosystem. 

The Foundation finances other Crypto and FinTech based profitable ventures, which are 

mostly standalone businesses. The Foundation usually has 5-50% ownership in them. 

There are two types of profit: one is dividend income, the other is from exiting the 

venture. All the profits from these ventures will be distributed in CORION Coin to the 

Premium Token owners in proportion to the amount of their Tokens. 

CORION Premium Tokens are not a basic element of the Platform. Pre-ICO and ICO 

participants will receive their tokens on each 5000 CORION Coin investment (without 

affiliate reward and daily coin emission) as a BONUS. Total Premium Token supply will 

be calculated after the total amount of Corion Coins have been sold during the PRE-ICO 

and ICO period. Premium Tokens created, but not distributed to the ICO participants, 

due to low volume buys below 5000 CORION Coins, will go to the Foundation’s Treasury. 

The Foundation is not allowed to hold more than 49% of the Premium Tokens. Tokens 

over 49% will be distributed to the ICO participants who invested the closest to 5000 

CORION coin. 

Premium Tokens will be listed and traded on the exchanges as well, and they have a 

great potential to become rare and highly valued portfolio investment tokens. In 

the long term the ROI of the Premium Token can reach the average ROI of FinTech 

investments (20-35% p.a.).  

Premium Token is an individual smart contract inside the Platform. 

 

4.7 CORION PLATFORM - CORION GAMIFICATION 

 

To increase mainstream adoption it is essential to educate the potential users, and 

engage them in different activities and games. The CORION game based on 



18 

Schelling methods is a part of the coin price stabilizing mechanism, and also great fun 

to win money while learning how the platform works. 

Users can practise this daily activity by sending the „right” answer to the question: „Is 

the price BELOW or ABOWE $1” at a certain time on the listed exchanges (the 3 most 

traded ones). Gamers can play and send their answers every 3 hours. Manual play can 

be executed by clicking the right button. There is a possibility for an automated play, 

which is convenient for busy people.  

If the player sends the correct answer, he wins CORION coins reward.  

Prizepool comes from two sources: from transaction fees (20% of it), and, as the 

Foundation participates in the game as well, also from the coins it wins, which are added 

to the pool. In case the prizepool becomes empty the Foundation refills it from its own 

daily coin supply growth. Find more info in “Developer Guide and Technical review” 

document under Schelling (CORION) game. 

 

5. BUSINESS MODEL 

We have created CORION Platform to unite real life services and the cryptocurrency 

ecosystem and to provide an easy to use interface for the exponentially growing 

mainstream users. CORION Platform is unique because of the very simple way how a 

non tech savvy person can easily get access to the crypto world. Hassle free access may 

play a significant role in increasing the number of the existing 8-10 million crypto-fans to 

100-200 million within a few years. The $51 billion market capitalisation of all the 

cryptocurrencies will go up more rapidly while users will use crypto innovations and 

platforms more actively. In the last couple of months the total crypto market cap 

doubled. 

 

Chart: Crypto capitalization boom 



19 

Our plan is to start the Platform with at least 20,000 users and 20 million market 

capitalisation in the first year. The advantages and the unique opportunities we offer 

CORION Community, will encourage them to propagate it by word of mouth, through 

their social network, involving more and more people, even the unbanked, on a daily 

basis. The power of the community will grow the Platform organically. 

CORION Platform is fine tuned to give exceptional passive income to anyone who joins 

and to make it possible to boost any business worldwide. By applying other marketing 

strategies as well, we will be able to connect 10-20% of the new users to our Platform. 

It will result in 10-20 million CORION users, even 1,000,000 Service Providers and $10 

billion market cap.  

 

Chart: CORION user base growth 

 

 

 

Chart: CORION market cap growth 



20 

5.1 PARTNERS, PROVIDERS, USERS 

Those who use CORION Platform will enjoy a wide range of benefits to make a profitable 

business. Service Providers are motivated to collect partners in order to create a huge 

daily coin supply growth, while partners can connect to the provider who offers the 

highest emission or competitive bonuses, discounts in the neighbourhood.  

 

- Service Providers can acquire partners from their existing clients, by giving them 

bonuses and discounts. New partners can join from all over the world. 

- Local businesses can extend their client base by joining CORION Platform and gather 

daily supply of money for further growth. 

- Global Companies (McDonalds, etc.) will be able to connect millions of users, and 

their daily contribution can be realized in lower prices (affordable for the poor as well), 

more joiner’s worldwide and more contribution to support the people in need.  

- Service Providers have access to the coin emission by connecting their other wallets to 

their service, getting the 100% daily coin supply growth (02.5%).  

- Each community member can be a Service Provider. There are two types of Service 

Provider: a Public Provider has to deposit 3,000 CORIONs, which will not generate 

coin emission, however, all the other connected wallets will. As a Public Provider you 

can acquire a massive number of customers around your business, by passing them 

from 30% up to 70% of the daily return. A Private Provider account can be opened 

with 8,000 CORIONs, which will generate coin emission, and he has to have 25,000 

CORIONs connected clients capital. You are free to market your service among few 

exclusive clients, giving them up to 100% return, according to your business model. 

- The Foundation gives everyone the possibility to have their own business by providing 

a special Starter Account. It has 3,000 locked Corions in it, thus the start is instant 

without connected capital. This Starter Account is smart contract based, and has a 

20% fee, deducted from daily coin emission. The Service Provider is bound to acquire 

10 new users on a monthly bases to keep up the lease contract. 

- If a Service Provider has enough capital to lease CORION to others who are willing to 

start a Service, he can generate additional income on the leasing fee. 

- We support each and every community member to invite new users into the Platform 

and grant them an affiliate bonus. During the ICO period, the affiliate reward is 1-5%, 

when CORION Platform has been launched the affiliate reward is 1-2%.  

- Premium CORION Token will be given to certain ICO investors and they will benefit 

from the investments annually. See Premium Token chapter. 

- Secured built-in Exchange allows margin trading, in the future extended with alerts 

and stop loss. 



21 

- Talented Partners can develop small programs on the smart contract, connect or 

create APIs, Dapps to make CORION Platform experience smoother. There is a 

possibility to extend the features of CORION Platform, by coding unique features into 

it directly. That will attract more customer to their profitable business. 

 

5.2 SPREADING TO MAINSTREAM 

CORION Foundation has his share in acquiring more and more users and Service 

Providers after the ICO. It has all the tools to spread CORION Platform to the world, 

but we have to remember that a coin has two sides, which means active community 

presence is needed to make the Platform alive. 

It is necessary that early investors propagate the unique opportunity the system offers. 

As you read through the pages you understand our vision. You should understand as well 

that every early user must be an influencer and the responsibility to spread the Platform 

to the mainstream is also up to you. More users means more coin supply growth. Part of 

the newly generated coins will land in your wallet. Your daily profit depends on how 

many people are convinced by the community to use the Platform. 

Use the power of the word of mouth, spread the news to one person, others will do so 

and it will double the size of the CORION Community.  

Spread the news to ten people, others will do the same, so the CORION 

community will multiply ten times.   

The size of the community correlates to the level we have achieved in the 

betterment of the world, and to the money you make on the platform. 

 

Your contribution should be: 

- Accept CORION for payments as an individual and in your business as well. Talk 

about it on your webpage and in social media! 

- Use CORION as a payment method and execute transactions with others, 

- Promote CORION in every shop you frequent to buy something. Convince them to 

become Service Providers and accept CORION as payment!  

- Get small communities to use CORION as a local payment method, 

- If you are a member of a shopping community, affiliate system, MLM companies, 

convince them to use CORION, 

- Promote the Platform on the occasion of conferences and meetings, either 

crypto related or other, introduce its advantages and speak about it in a positive 

way, 

- Start or lease a Service Provider account and connect as many people as 

possible,  



22 

- Create your provider webpage, promote it, so that anyone around the world 

can join you and this is how you can extend your profit range, 

- Tell anyone on your social media page how CORION is disruptive,  

- Follow CORION Platform news in social media and share it with your friends   

- Develop exclusive modules, services and API’s for profit and also to introduce a 

wide variety of businesses, 

- Get wallet providers to include CORION, 

- Induce well known exchanges to list CORION    

- Join our core team as a developer, marketing strategist or sales 

representative! 

CORION Platform gives all the support, incentive and educational tools to their fellow 

Pioneers, and the easiest interface for new users to access the Crypto World.  

 

5.3 FOUNDATION 

Behind the scenes, there is not any traditional, centralized, profit oriented organisation. 

CORION Foundation was established to aid CORION Platform in various ways. Initially, 

the name was Crypmo Foundation from Crypto Monetization, then, as soon as the name 

of the platform was finalized, the name of the foundation was changed to CORION 

Foundation. The Foundation is registered in Zug, the Crypto Valley in Switzerland. 

The money raised from ICO Crowdsale and the issued CORIONS will be distributed as 

follows: 

- ICO Crowdsale (crypto and FIAT) 

50% Developments, investments managed by the Foundation 

25% Stability Fund managed by the Foundation (2nd line stabilizing method) 

16% To team members for their 1 year work (30 members) 

4% To future developers, associates who will work on the Platform 

5% Marketing, promotions, after sale activities (building user base) 

 

Chart: ICO Crowdsale (crypto and FIAT) 



23 

- Issued CORION Coins: 

 51% to ICO contributors 

 29% Stability Fund managed by the Foundation (2nd line stabilizing method) 

16% To team members for their 1 year work (30 members) 

4% To future developers, associates who will work on the Platform 

 

Chart: Distribution of Issued CORION Coins 

- Stability Fund aims to keep the price of 1 CORION around $1 only if the 

automated price stabilization can not keep it at that level. Interventions will be 

increased or decreased the Crypto&FIAT or CORION fund. The acts stabilize the price 

will be announced on the official notification platform, www.corion.io. The Stability 

Fund will be used mostly at the beginning, while the community and the use cases 

are growing faster and it can cause fluctuation. After reaching a certain number of 

users and businesses the total coin supply will give enough stability to avoid 

significant price fluctuation 

- Development, investments to make the Platform more and more appealing for all 

users. CORION Team welcome new, creative, skillful members, as we will constantly 

develop the system to make it better and better. The Foundation welcomes all the 

innovations from the Crypto, Blockchain and FinTech World, which may contribute to 

the improvement of CORION Platform. The Foundation finances other Crypto and 

FinTech based profitable, mainly standalone ventures as well.  All the profits from 

these ventures will be distributed in CORION Coins to the Premium Token owners in 

proportion to the amount of their Tokens. Read more at Premium Tokens chapter. 

- The Foundation also receives the daily 02.5% coin supply growth on it’s own 

deposited unused funds (Stability fund and Development & Investment fund). The 

emission will be added proportionally to the funds and/or transferred to the CORION 

Game pool if necessary.  

- As Service Provider the Foundation will be a participant in the coin emission supply 

growth. It will give only 50% of the daily supply growth to the connected users, 



24 

encouraging the competition among the Service Providers by challenging them to 

offer more attractive services than the Foundation does. The realized profit will be 

transferred to the Stability and Investment Funds, as well to CORION Game pool if 

needed. 

- The Foundation supports launching Service Providers by lending accounts with 

a necessary amount to the applicants who have not got enough funds to establish a 

business on CORION Platform. The Foundation takes just a symbolic 10% from the 

total revenue for this service. 

- The built in P2P CORION Exchange (market) has a 0.25% fee on every 

transaction, which goes to straight to the Foundation 

- As part of the deflation methods, every transaction has 0.02%, minimum 0.02 and 

maximum 5.00 CORION Coin transaction fee. 80% of the transaction fee will be 

eliminated (burned) and 20% will be transferred to CORION (Schelling) 

Game prize pool.  

- Marketing activity The Foundation will arrange meetings, activate influencers, 

speak at events and conferences to promote the platform and attract added value 

investment opportunities and to connect mainstream to the Crypto World.  

- Charity will be provided by the Foundation to donate a certain amount of CORION 

Coins to boost small communities economy in 3rd world countries.  

- The Foundation will be responsible for the communication with the users, such as 

notifications, news and updates, as well as the time period of voting. 

- The Foundation will continuously collect donations from various donors who are 

willing to support innovative financial technology and unbanked people all over the 

world. 

The main objective of CORION Foundation is to reinvest all the money created by the 

Platform to stabilize and develop it further. 

 

5.4 ICO Crowdsale 

To have a working Platform and an Ecosystem is a great achievement; and we are proud 

of what we have created. Our commitment is to bring this system on a much higher 

level, and to further develop the Platform, we need a certain amount of money, we need 

investors. For this end, we announce a two- stage Initial Coin Offering Crowdsale. From 

May 2017, we start our Pre-ICO for early investors, and offer a bonus of 30% on each 

purchase. Pre-ICO will last only for 3 weeks, with a minimum amount of 0.5 BTC 

($1000)!  ICO will start from June, and CORION Wallet will be available to anyone who 

wants to participate in the ICO. Pre-ICO participants will get their CORIONs on the very 

first days of ICO. CORIONs purchased during ICO period will be sent to the participants 



25 

wallet right away. Bonuses start from 20%, then they will gradually decrease to 3% over 

time. 

Period Bonus 

Pre-ICO 30% 

ICO 1st week 20% 

ICO 2nd week 15% 

ICO 3rd week 10% 

ICO 4th week 5% 

until ICO ends 3% 

Chart: Pre ICO and ICO Bonuses 

 

5.5 AFFILIATE SYSTEM DURING THE ICO 

We support each and every community member to invite new users into the Platform and grant 

them an affiliate bonus. During the ICO period, the affiliate reward is 1-4% 

The referrer is entitled to a commission, based on the payments of the person referred. 

It is automated in the official CORION Wallet, in 3rd party wallet it is self managed. 

 

Bought CORIONs Affiliate Bonus 

<1,000 COR          1 % 

1,000 - 10,000 COR 2 % 

10,000 - 100,000 COR 3 % 

100,000 - 1,000,000 COR 4 % 

> 1,000,000 COR 5 % 

Example: 

1.   “A” refers “B”. 

2.   “B” buys 5 000 CORION Tokens -> “A” gets 100 CORION Tokens. 

3.   “B” buys further 6 000 CORION Token -> “A” gets additional 230 CORION Tokens 

((11 000×3%)-100)=230. 

-       Calling the GetICOReward function is free 

-       Requirement to be a referrer is to have a balance > 0.000000 CORION Tokens  

 

 



26 

6. ROADMAP 

6.1 Global Roadmap of CORION Platform 

 

 



27 

6.2 CORION Wallet Roadmap 

CORION Wallet – The Gateway 

Multifunctional wallet  

2015-2016 – We had a Dream 

 Market research, tests 

 Business and development plan 

2017 Q1 – Starting the Development 

 Closing the Concept of CORION Platform 

 Starting the development of CORION Wallet 

2017 Q3 – The Dream becomes reality   

The first version of the multidimensional CORION Wallet with the the following basic 

features is released: 

 Secured web application 

 Two-Factor authentication with Google Authentication or PIN 

 Secured asset and private key storage with 256 bit AES encryption 

 Send – receive cryptocurrencies 

 Transaction history with export function 

 Currency based separate account management 

 Option to personalize the accounts (rename, coloring) 

 Option to personalize the wallet itself 

 Integrated multi-currency exchange platform  

 Participate in the Coin Emission – become a Provider or join one  

 CORION Coin stabilizer via CORION Game        

 Option for donation and charity 

 Refer a friend affiliate system 

 Initialize debt collections  

2017 Q4 – One step further   

 Integration of at least 5 further famous cryptocurrencies  

 Integration at least 1 FIAT currency 

 KYC (know your customer) 

 Further development of multi-currency exchange platform 

 Releasing Android, iOS and Windows Phone applications 

 Two-Factor biometric authentication 

 Common Criteria (CC) certificate (EAL level) 

 Extended information, charts about the cryptocurrency rates 

 Automated bill payments 

 CORION Wallet community and encrypted messaging 



28 

2018 – Vision   

 Multi-signature verification 

 Card and NFC payment methods 

 Investment options 

 P2P lending 

 Trading options 

 Cloud mining (the most used coins) 

 Gambling 

 

7. ICO CROWDSALE BENEFITS 

Who benefits from CORION ICO? 

 Experienced Fintech and Blockchain investors and developers, 

 Investors entering the digital currency and Fintech market now, 

 Crypto-fans already using cryptocurrency, 

 Entrepreneurs, startups who want to provide services for the mainstream, 

 Innovators and early adopters in financial and payments services, 

Members of the crypto community and investors, entrepreneurs, who understand 

the importance of blockchain technology, who believe that digital currencies are not just 

for speculation, who are willing to disseminate the technology across borders, and who 

want to gain on providing the coin supply and the services without boundaries.  

 

What are the advantages for CORION ICO participants? 

 Get access to the ecosystem of the 21st century through CORION Platform. 

 Have stable price digital coins deposited in your multifunctional CORION 

Wallet to store your value and make instant payments at low cost via blockchain 

tech. 

 Bag your 30% bonus as a Pre-ICO investor.    

 Get 3-20% bonuses as an ICO Investor. Your CORION Coins will be deposited 

directly in your CORION Wallet  

 Enjoy the piece of the coin emission cake we put on your plate, 0.20% 

daily during the ICO  

 As one of the Service Providers, your daily 0-2.5% coin supply growth will 

generate 5-10 times more return in medium term (staking)   

 „Refer your friends reward” - get an affiliate premium granted during the 

ICO 



29 

 Boost your business, utilize the tools of CORION Platform. Promote your 

products or services to the community.  Acquire new customers and give 

specific bonuses to your existing clients.  

 Become a „shareholder” in the most promising ventures of CORION 

Ecosystem. Do not miss out on the Premium Tokens you will receive on buying 

5,000 CORION coins.  

 Raised funds will be reinvested to scale the Platform. 

 Ready to use products with user friendly features.  

 The continuous development is ensured by investing back the profit made 

by the Platform  

 Real value created not just raising a fund as most of the ICOs did, but investing 

back to scale up the Platform. 

 The 10-20% of the newcomers will enter through CORION Platform into 

the Crypto World 

CORION is the first platform who can give the easiest gateway for the 

mainstream 

 

Create with us! Be among the Pioneers to make a difference in the global 

economic and financial system, facilitated by CORION Platform, and take your 

benefit from it!  

8. TEAM  

We live in a world of possibilities and choices. However, time is limited for 

everyone. It does matter what we focus on and what purposes we use our resources for. 

We, the creators of CORION Platform, are dedicated to make a difference for the world; 

we have developed a system with lots of excitement and passion, and we do believe, it 

will positively influence the lives of millions worldwide.  

We welcome every PIONEER, who believes it is high time actions were taken to expand 

the crypto community worldwide.  

 

Are you driven by the same passion? Please contact us.   

Join our Slack to communicate with our team! 

 

9. GLOSSARY 

Cryptocurrencies have a better reputation in 2017 then ever before. Mainstream 

adoption are around the corner. Unfortunately, the innovations in the past concentrated 

on creating a blockchain based solution, restricted to a certain part of the economy. Easy 



30 

to use wallets, interfaces did not appear. The technology, used since 2009, is not user 

friendly and it holds new users back from adopting it. 

CORION Team are ready to disclose the great plan they have for the future; a viable 

solution how to create an easy entry point to the Crypto World. The unique incentive 

system of CORION Platform attracts users and service providers, and invites them to 

visit the platform on a daily basis. The Platform creates a familiar environment to any 

user: walking along a shopping street,  picking up goods, and services, with the aid of a 

friendly companion, a one click interface, which can navigate anyone over the process. 

This interface ensures, that everyone can benefit from the Platform, while browsing 

through the services it offers, and collecting the coins, granted only on the basis of use.   

CORION Platform, mirroring real life interactions on a daily basis, provides unique, 

exciting and lucrative experiences to its users, and connects customers to any kind of 

Service Providers they are looking for. 

 

Be a part of connecting the mainstream to the Crypto World! Earn CORION 

everyday! 

 

9.1 REFERENCES 

Bitcoin history https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Category  

Ethereum whitepaper https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper   

Ethereum yellowpaper https://ethereum.github.io/yellowpaper/paper.pdf   

Ethereum Classic blockchain https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethereum_Classic 

S. Nakamoto, Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system: https://www.bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf   

Vitalik Buterin The Search for a Stable Cryptocurrency 

https://blog.ethereum.org/2014/11/11/search-stable-cryptocurrency/      

James Gong, 2016, Blockchain Society - Decoding Global Blockchain Application and Investment 

Cases   

David Johnston et al. The General Theory of Decentralized Applications, Dapps, 2015, 

https://github.com/DavidJohnstonCEO/DecentralizedApplications    

Vitalik Buterin, Ethereum: A Next-Generation Smart Contract and Decentralized Application 

Platform, 2013, http://ethereum.org/ethereum.html   

Balance of trade https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balance_of_trade    

Monetarism https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monetarism      

Schelling game-theory:    

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Focal_point_(game_theory)    

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Joseph_Schelling  



31 

Bitcoin Trust's Silbert to Launch Classic Ether Fund This Month 

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-03-09/bitcoin-trust-s-silbert-to-launch-classic-

ether-fund-this-month  

CORION Technical Whitepaper The CORION Platform Developer Guide and Technical Review  

https://corion.io/doc/TechnicalGuideV0.4-pub.pdf  

 

 

 

---v1.3---18052017--- 


