








































Microsoft Word - Covesting White Paper 12.10.docx


	
1	

COVESTING	
The	ultimate	meeting	point	for	investors	and	

successful	cryptocurrency	traders.	

	

Investors	from	around	the	world	can	compare	the	performance	of	hundreds	of	successful	
digital	asset	managers	and	mirror	their	trades	automatically.	

We	bring	transparency,	security,	and	efficiency	to	the	
digital	currency	investment	industry.	

	
They	trade	–	you	profit.	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

This	document	is	not	an	offer	of	securities	or	a	collective	investment	scheme.	Contributors	
are	advised	to	read	this	document	carefully	in	full	and	perform	due	diligence	on	their	own.	
Please	read	terms	and	conditions	before	making	any	investment	decision.	

	



	
2	

	
“It’s	like	having	thousands	of	traders	all		

working	for	you!”	Yoni	Assia	
	

Abstract	
The	Covesting	platform	helps	investors	and	crypto	currency	traders	find	each	
other.		

Investors	can	easily	browse	through	dozens	of	trading	strategies,	provided	by	
professional	asset	managers,	and	subscribe	to	the	ones	matching	their	goals.	
Thanks	to	technology-based	solutions	and	smart-contracts,	the	Covesting	
platform	allows	its	users	to	replicate	trading	activity	of	a	chosen	Model	directly	
into	their	segregated	account	at	Covesting.	

While	Model	Managers	benefit	from	success	fees	generated	by	profitable	
trading	–	investors	enjoy	peace	of	mind	knowing	that	their	funds	being	managed	
by	industry	professionals.	

Beat	the	markets	by	replicating	top	performing	asset	managers	and	let	
hundreds	of	professionals’	trade	for	you!	

	

Mission	
To	help	investors	from	around	the	world	enjoy	professional	asset	management	
services,	by	bringing	a	copy-trading	platform	to	digital	currency	markets.	

	

	

	

	

	



	
3	

	

Market	
With	the	enormous	development	of	cryptocurrency	and	blockchain	technology,	
new	 opportunities	 are	 arising	 in	 the	 field	 of	 investing.	 Crypto	 markets	 are	
borderless,	open	24/7,	and	offer	huge	potential	 for	growth.	A	 rapidly	growing	
number	 of	 initial	 coin	 offerings	 (ICO)	 has	 led	 to	 more	 than	 1,000	 new	
cryptocurrencies	being	created	and	traded	on	daily	basis,	leading	to	high	returns	
for	many	investors.	

	

Source:	coinmarketcap.com	

In	order	to	fully	realize	market	potential,	here	is	the	market	capitalization	of	the	
top	technology	based	companies	 listed	on	the	Nasdaq	and	NYSE,	compared	to	
the	market	capitalization	for	cryptocurrencies:		

Alphabet	–	$650B	USD	 Total	Crypto	Market	-	$160B	USD	

Microsoft	–	$566B	USD	 Bitcoin	-	$85B	USD	

Facebook	–	$495B	USD	 Ethereum	-	$25B	USD	

Alibaba	Group	–	$437B	USD	 Ripple	-	$10B	USD	

The	combined	market	capitalization	of	all	cryptocurrencies	together	is	currently	
only	 around	 $160B	 USD,	 which	 leaves	 lots	 of	 room	 to	 expand.	 The	 overall	
cryptocurrency	transaction	volume	has	grown	significantly	in	the	past	few	years	
for	the	speculative	purposes	of	gaining	capital	profit	or	by	supporting	projects	
that	 are	 built	 on	 decentralized	 platforms.	 During	 the	 first	 half	 of	 2017,	



	
4	

transactions	 surpassed	 the	 $325B	USD	mark,	 despite	 “financial	 experts”	 once	
deeming	 blockchain	 and	 cryptocurrency	 a	 “niche	 market”.	 This	 increase	 in	
transaction	 volume	 is	 mainly	 driven	 by	 Bitcoin	 and	 Ethereum.	 Bitcoin	 and	
Ethereum	are	both	 inching	closer	to	creating	a	scalable	ecosystem,	 interesting	
things	are	bound	to	happen	 in	the	future.	According	to	Juniper	research,	total	
cryptocurrency	transaction	value	may	surpass	$1	Trillion	USD	by	2022.	

Triple	digit	growth,	amazing	risk-reward	ratios,	and	promising	global	perspectives	
are	 only	 a	 few	 reasons	why	 cryptocurrencies	 shouldn’t	 be	 overlooked	 by	 any	
investor	willing	to	diversify	their	portfolio	and	profit	from	opportunities	offered	
by	a	booming	market.		

	

Investor	Opportunity	

After	someone	decides	they	may	be	ready	to	invest	 in	digital	assets,	there	is	a	
sticking	point:	cryptocurrency	trading	takes	place	on	multiple	exchanges,	all	of	
which	 have	 different	 rules	 and	 regulations,	 and	 often	 require	 a	 lengthy	
verification	 process.	 Most	 potential	 Investors	 are	 lost	 at	 this	 stage.	 Another	
problem	is	volatility,	which	can	negatively	affect	the	overall	trading	result	of	any	
inexperienced	private	investor.		

The	learning	curve	for	investing	in	crypto	assets	
is	extremely	steep	and	experienced	digital	asset	
managers	are	in	the	best	position	to	fully	benefit	
from	 arising	 opportunities	 offered	 in	 the	
blockchain	revolution.	

Investors	 may	 evaluate	 options	 of	 trusting	
money	 to	 a	 private	 crypto	 trader	 or	 a	 fund,	 in	
order	to	gain	profit	in	newly	established	markets.	
Such	decisions	 can	be	very	 risky	due	 to	 lack	of	
regulations	and	the	high	possibility	of	fraud.	With	such	huge	interest	and	capital	
migration	 into	 crypto	 markets,	 it	 creates	 a	 perfect	 environment	 for	 investor	
scamming,	“Ponzi”,	and	pump	and	dump	schemes.	



	
5	

Participating	in	ICOs	have	their	own	difficulties.	After	raising	millions	of	dollars,	
many	 projects	 either	 flop,	 abandon	 their	 initial	 promises	 to	 investors,	 or	
completely	 disappear	 with	 investors’	 money.	 As	 a	 result,	 a	 huge	 number	 of	
people	lost	funds	along	with	their	belief	and	trust	in	ICO	investing.	Many	private	
investors	simply	miss	the	most	promising	ICO’s	on	the	market	due	to	the	lack	of	
awareness	or	time	as	well.	

Investing	 in	 digital	 assets	 requires	 experience	 and	 is	 a	 very	 time-consuming	
journey,	 especially	 for	 someone	 who	 has	 a	 full-time	 job	 not	 related	 to	 the	
technology	or	online	trading	industry.		

	

Trader	Problems	

Problems	 that	 digital	 asset	managers	must	 deal	 with	 are	 equally	 challenging.	
Launching	 a	 personal	 fund	 requires	 technical	 knowledge,	 programming	 skills,	
legal	paperwork	as	well	as	marketing	costs	and	other	expenses.	

Only	several	digital	asset	funds	have	gained	the	reputation	necessary	for	backing,	
while	 private	 crypto	 traders	 and	 newly	 established	 funds	 tend	 to	 look	 for	
investors	in	online	forums,	social	networks	or	amongst	their	friends.		

It	 takes	many	 years	 of	 effort	 to	 build	 trust	 and	 reputation	 in	 order	 to	 attract	
proper	funding.	As	a	result,	many	successful	traders	and	digital	asset	managers	
are	being	overlooked	and	end	up	having	no	access	to	investors	capital,	limiting	
their	opportunities	and	narrowing	earnings	potential.	

With	the	blockchain	revolution	gaining	momentum,	more	and	more	digital	asset	
managers	will	arise	offering	their	services	to	investors.	We	estimate	that	in	two	
years’	 time,	 there	 will	 be	 more	 than	 three	 hundred	 professionally	 managed	
crypto	funds	and	thousands	of	private	traders	operating	on	the	market.		

Professional	digital	asset	managers	or	funds	could	be	a	smart	solution	for	anyone,	
willing	to	get	exposure	in	the	cryptocurrency	market.	But	how	will	retail	investors	
find	and	choose	the	most	suitable	cryptocurrency	fund?	How	will	they	guarantee	
the	security	of	their	investment?	Is	the	declared	performance	of	a	chosen	asset	
manager	trustworthy?	Any	digital	asset	manager	can	claim	they	have	provided	a	
certain	return	in	the	past.	



	
6	

Solution:	Covesting	
The	 Covesting	 Platform	 is	 the	 ultimate	 venue	 where	 successful	 digital	 asset	
managers	meet	new	 investors,	while	creating	a	 transparent,	 safe	and	efficient	
investment	environment.		

The	 Covesting	 platform	 allows	 everyday	 investors	 to	 search	 and	 compare	 the	
performance	 of	 hundreds	 of	 proven	 cryptocurrency	 traders	 and	 mirror	 their	
trades	automatically.	After	an	investor	subscribes	to	the	most	suitable	strategy	-	
the	 system	will	 automatically	 synchronize	 all	 trading	 activity	 from	 the	 chosen	
investing	 Model	 into	 their	 segregated	 account	 at	 Covesting,	 providing	 the	
convenience	of	asset	management	along	with	the	safety	of	funds.		

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

Trading	Models	can	be	easily	created	by	linking	an	existing	trading	account	at	an	
external	digital	currency	exchange	through	an	API.	Later,	the	Model	manager	will	
be	able	to	decide	whether	he	wants	to	“list”	his	Model	at	the	Covesting	platform	
instantly	or	keep	it	private	for	a	while	and	build	a	solid	track	record	first.		

Each	 investor	 can	 diversify	 their	 investments	 by	 following	 up	 to	 20	 different	
Models	 (traders)	 at	 the	 same	 time.	 Such	diversification	 allows	 investors	 to	be	
uniquely	positioned	to	record	gains	across	multiple	crypto	trading	strategies	and	
protect	 themselves	 against	massive	 losses	 in	 any	 single	 cryptocurrency.	More	
importantly,	investors	are	in	total	control	-	they	can	start	or	finish	the	following	
whenever	they	want.		



	
7	

Model	Managers	are	rewarded	with	18%	success	fees	from	all	profits	generated	
by	 the	 followers,	 the	 platform	 commission	 is	 additional	 10%,	 while	 investors	
receive	 the	 remaining	 72%	 of	 income,	 which	 is	 available	 for	 immediate	
withdrawal	or	reinvesting.		

Platform	commissions	of	10%	will	accrue	in	the	COV	Asset	Contract,	the	rights	to	
which	will	be	kept	by	community	members	holding	COV	tokens.	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

For	 security	 reasons,	Model	Managers	will	 never	 know	 the	 amount	 of	 capital	
which	 is	 currently	 following	 their	 strategy,	 only	 the	 number	 of	 investors.	 All	
participants	 can	 choose	 to	 publish	 their	 real	 names	 or	 remain	 anonymous	 by	
using	a	screen-name	alias.	

The	Covesting	Platform	will	provide	such	opportunities	to	Model	Managers:	

• Setup	a	trading	Model	and	start	performance	tracking	from	day	one	
• Describe	the	trading	strategy,	expected	volatility	and	returns	
• Acquire	investors	to	follow	your	trading	Model	through	your	

performance	
• Earn	success	fees	on	all	profits	made	by	Model-following	accounts	
• Build	a	solid	track	record	to	acquire	more	followers	
• Earn	reputation	and	get	reviews	from	previous	and	existing	investors	
• Interact	in	a	safe	environment,	make	new	contacts,	and	grow	

professionally	as	a	trader	
• Keep	a	blog,	post	news,	trading	ideas	and	market	analysis		



	
8	

	

The	Covesting	platform	helps	investing	talents	bring	their	trading	results	in	front	
of	 the	 public	 and	 compete	 with	 other	 Model	 Managers	 in	 the	 equally-fair	
environment.	 With	 the	 Covesting	 platform,	 every	 “street”	 trader	 can	 start	 a	
career	 as	 a	 digital	 asset	 manager.	 The	 more	 successful	 they	 are,	 the	 more	
followers	they	will	be	able	to	acquire	and	more	money	to	make	from	profitable	
trading.		

Our	goal	 is	 to	create	an	easy-to-use	platform	with	a	win-win	solution	for	both	
inexperienced	investors	and	professional	traders.	

	

Synergy	

With	the	features	described	above,	the	Covesting	Platform	creates	a	synergized	
marketplace	 that	 brings	 investors,	 individual	
cryptocurrency	 traders	 and	 professional	 fund	
managers	together.	All	parties	benefit	from	the	
Covesting	 platform:	 money	 managers	 and	
traders	get	access	to	new	audiences	and	sources	
of	additional	income,	while	investors	get	a	broad	
range	of	trading	strategies	to	choose	from	with	
the	 ability	 to	 analyze	 historical	 performance	 in	
order	to	make	the	right	decision.		

	

Social	Investing	

Like	any	other	social	network,	Covesting	offers	its	members	a	newsfeed,	which	
enables	 them	 to	 receive	 updates	 from	 other	 traders.	 Each	 trader	 can	 post	
relevant	information,	explain	an	investment	decision,	or	share	any	other	kind	of	
knowledge	with	the	Covesting	community.	By	following	successful	traders,	our	
members	 can	 become	 more	 knowledgeable	 and	 make	 better	 investment	
decisions.		

	



	
9	

Covesting	in	Four	Simple	Steps	
1. Join.	Register	at	Covesting	by	filling	a	simple	form	and	use	Fiat	Currency,	

COV,	BTC	or	ETH	to	fund	your	account.		
2. Find	 top	 traders.	 Compare	 the	 performance	 of	 hundreds	 of	 successful	

Model	Managers	and	find	the	one	or	many	matching	your	goals.	
3. Copy	trades.	Once	you	found	the	strategy	or	strategies	you	wish	to	follow,	

simply	click	“Subscribe”.	You	will	be	asked	to	specify	the	percentage	of	the	
funds	you	want	to	allocate	to	the	Model.	The	amounts	for	the	replicated	
trades	will	be	calculated	proportionally.	

4. Monitor	and	control.	You	can	now	sit	back	and	watch	professional	traders	
do	the	job	for	you.	All	trades	from	now	on	will	be	replicated	automatically.	
Most	importantly	-	you	are	in	control.		You	can	manage	your	portfolio	by	
subscribing	to	new	strategies	or	stop	copying	a	trader	at	any	time.	

	

Platform	specifications	
At	Covesting	we	aim	to	develop	an	easy	to	use,	secure	and	efficient	solution	for	
both	investors	and	digital	asset	managers.	Our	dedicated	development	team	is	
working	 hard	 to	 deliver	 a	 prototype	 version	 of	 Covesting	 platform	as	 early	 as	
November	20th,	right	before	the	scheduled	ICO	on	November	24th.	This	would	
allow	all	contributors	to	get	familiar	with	the	interface	and	core	features	of	the	
platform	and	experience	how	easy,	useful	and	powerful	the	platform	is.	Below	
we	provide	concept	specifications	of	the	platform	as	well	as	a	brief	explanation	
of	the	core	features.	

	

Registration	

All	 users	 must	 be	 registered	 on	 the	 platform	 to	 carry	 out	 any	 activities.	
Registration	is	a	standard	process	through	email,	or	through	Facebook,	Google,	
and	Twitter.		

	



	
10	

Covesting	Account	and	Wallet	

All	users	of	the	platform	will	have	their	own	unique	wallet	created	automatically.	
After	registration	with	Covesting	platform,	each	user	shall	have	BTC,	ETH	and	COV	
addresses	in	their	Wallet.	By	depositing	any	of	these	coins,	it	is	possible	to	make	
internal	exchanges	from	one	currency	to	another.	However,	only	COV	token	can	
be	used	for	trading	strategy	subscriptions.	

Entry	fee	

There	is	a	2%	entry	fee	that	applies	every	time	user	deposits	funds	to	his	account.	
This	commission	accrues	to	the	COV	Asset	Contract	increasing	the	value	backing	
COV	tokens.		

Model	Managers	

A	Model	manager	is	a	user	who	created	a	trading	Model	in	Covesting	platform	
and	linked	it	to	external	trading	accounts	at	any	supported	exchange,	through	an	
API.	 From	 that	 moment,	 tracking	 of	 all	 trading	 activity	 starts	 and	 the	Model	
becomes	available	for	subscribing.	

Investors	

The	investor	is	a	user	who	is	following	(subscribing	to)	a	chosen	Model	in	order	
to	benefit	 from	 the	profitable	 trading	of	 a	Model	manager.	 Each	 investor	 can	
follow	up	to	20	different	trading	strategies.	

Marketplace	

The	platform	allows	users	to	search,	rank,	filter	and	compare	all	of	the	available	
trading	Models.	

Subscribing	to	a	Model	

When	an	 investor	 finds	 a	 suitable	 strategy	 and	 starts	 subscribing	–	 all	 trading	
actions	of	a	Model	will	be	replicated	in	their	segregated	Covesting	account	with	
a	proportional	amount	of	funds,	predefined	by	the	investor.	

	

	



	
11	

Segregated	Accounts	

To	 provide	 security	 and	 peace	 of	mind	 to	 all	 investors	 –	we	 offer	 segregated	
accounts	 for	 each	 user	 within	 the	 Covesting	 Platform.	 None	 of	 the	 funds	 go	
directly	to	Model	Managers,	which	avoids	trust	and	security	issues.	

Unfollowing	the	Model	

At	 the	point	when	an	 Investor	unsubscribes	 from	a	trading	Model	–	 funds	are	
immediately	returned	to	their	wallet	minus	success	fees	and	commission	in	case	
of	any	profit	they	earned.	

Each	user	can	stop	subscribing	to	a	trading	Model	whenever	they	like.	The	only	
occasion	when	following	stops	automatically	is	when	a	Model	Manager	decides	
to	 terminate	 it.	 Funds	would	 then	be	 returned	 to	all	of	 the	subscribers	of	 the	
terminated	Model.	

Profit	Sharing	

In	case	a	trading	Model	resulted	 in	profits	 for	the	subscribed	 investor,	 income	
distribution	will	look	like	this:		

Success	Fee	-	18%	of	all	profits	will	be	transferred	to	the	Model	Manager’s	wallet	

Platform	Commission	 -	10%	of	all	profits	and	will	be	automatically	credited	 to	
COV	Asset	Contract	

The	remaining	72%	shall	be	credited	to	the	investors	wallet	along	with	the	initial	
investment.		

Anonymous	Mode	

All	users	of	Covesting	platform	can	choose	to	publish	their	real	names	or	remain	
anonymous	by	using	a	 screen-name	alias.	However,	we	believe	 that	providing	
real	names	can	be	beneficial,	especially	for	successful	Model	Managers.	

Users	Privacy	

No	personal	user	data	is	available	to	other	users	or	moderators	working	on	the	
platform.	 This	 list	 includes	 but	 is	 not	 limited	 to:	 emails,	 wallet	 IDs,	 or	 funds	
available	to	users,	as	well	as	direct	links	to	accounts	in	social	networks,	even	if	
they	are	specified	in	the	user's	form.	All	users	can	remain	completely	anonymous.	



	
12	

Speed	of	Execution	

At	the	initial	launch,	we	will	offer	only	manually-traded	Models.	As	soon	as	our	
API	becomes	“bullet-proof”	tested	–	we	shall	launch	algorithm-trading	strategies	
as	well.	

By	 implementing	smart	contracts	and	technology,	we	will	automate	the	digital	
asset	management	processes,	 bypass	 trust	 and	 insecurity	 issues	while	making	
investments	transparent,	simple	and	secure	as	they	are	supposed	to	be.	

The	Covesting	team	will	continue	working	to	develop	new	tools,	which	enables	
each	member	of	our	online	community	to	become	both	a	successful	trader	on	
their	own,	and	contribute	from	their	knowledge	and	experience	to	other	traders.	

	

Architecture	
Covesting	platform	infrastructure	includes	four	main	elements:		

• Investors	account	section,	which	provides	multi-currency	wallets,	portfolio	
overview	and	statistics.	

• Model	Manager	account	section,	which	allows	Model	Managers	to	create	
up	to	10	trading	Models	by	linking	external	trading	accounts	through	our	
API.	

• The	Marketplace	of	trading	Models,	where	each	investor	can	search	and	
compare	 all	 of	 the	 strategies	 provided	by	Model	Managers.	 From	here,	
investors	select	most	suitable	trading	Models	and	can	start	subscribing.	

• Covesting	 segregated	 trading	 accounts,	 which	 are	 used	 for	 replicating	
trading	activity	from	the	Models.	Covesting	will	use	API	connections,	smart	
contracts	and	other	development	to	execute	and	mirror	trades,	distribute	
requested	funds	and	provide	detailed	performance	data	to	users	on	the	
backend.	



	
13	

	

Covesting	Token	
The	Covesting	token	is	an	ERC20	token	and	a	smart	contract	system	built	on	the	
Ethereum	blockchain,	and	designed	to	be	used	by	members	within	the	Covesting	
platform.	 Following	 this	 standard,	 Covesting	 tokens	 are	 easily	 transferable	
between	 users	 and	 platforms	 using	 ERC20-compatible	 wallets	 and	 can	 be	
smoothly	integrated	into	exchanges.	

	

	

	



	
14	

COV	Emission	

A	total	of	20.000.000	Covesting	tokens	will	be	generated,	including	1.500.000	to	
conduct	a	PreICO,	and	15.000.000	to	conduct	a	full	ICO.	Another	2.500.000	will	
be	shared	between	the	founders	of	the	Covesting	platform	and	locked	in	a	smart	
contract	for	3	months,	while	the	rest	will	be	generated	for	advisory,	bounty	and	
PR	pools.		

Token	distribution	

	

Unsold	COV	that	were	created	for	sale	during	Pre-ICO	and	ICO	will	be	burned.	
Covesting	tokens	are	not	mined	by	users	or	any	other	companies.	

	

COV	Token	growth	

Members	 buy	 COV	 tokens	 in	 order	 to	 follow	 one	 or	 several	 trading	 Models,	
provided	by	the	Model	Managers	on	the	platform.	Demand	for	COV	correlates	
with	the	copy-trading	volume	at	the	Covesting	platform.	The	more	investors	and	
traders	on	the	platform,	the	higher	the	value	of	COV	token	rises.	

	



	
15	

	

Demand	for	COV	Tokens	

	

As	the	platform	develops	over	time;	more	investors	and	Model	Managers	will	join	
our	community.	We	estimate	that	by	2020	there	will	be	over	5,000	active	users	
and	$50M	USD+	of	capital	replicating	trades	from	Model	Managers.	User	growth	
will	 automatically	 create	 strong	 demand	 for	 COV	 tokens	 and	 position	 it	 for	
multiple	digit	price	growth.	

Amount	of	capital	replicating	trades	at	Covesting	platform			

 
	



	
16	

The	 acquisition	 of	 a	 large	 number	 of	 participants	 on	 the	 Covesting	 platform	
(Investors	 and	Model	Managers)	 is	 the	 basis	 for	 the	 growth	 of	 the	 Covesting	
token.	At	 the	 initial	 launch	of	 the	Covesting	platform,	we	will	 aim	 to	onboard	
several	established	cryptocurrency	funds	and	dozens	of	professional	traders,	so	
even	early	users	of	the	platform	would	have	the	ability	to	choose	between	many	
suitable	trading	strategies.	As	the	platform	grows,	new	users	will	register	their	
Models	and	a	variety	of	strategies	will	drive	diversification,	and	create	healthy	
competition	among	all	Model	Managers.		

Estimated	number	of	active	members	

	

 

Successful	mirror-trading	in	the	platform	will	achieve	many	positive	outcomes:	
investors	will	make	a	profit,	Model	Managers	will	be	rewarded	with	success	fees	
as	well	 as	 reputation	 points,	 positive	 reviews,	 and	 higher	 rankings.	 Successful	
trading	will	attract	more	investors	and	positively	influence	the	reputation	of	the	
Covesting	platform	and	the	price	of	the	COV	token.		

	

Platform	Earnings	

Besides	 natural	 demand	 for	 COV,	 there	 are	 two	 types	 of	 commissions	 in	 the	
Covesting	platform	used	to	back	COV	value	and	reward	COV	token	holders:	

• Entry	commission	2%	-	charged	every	time	an	investor	deposits	funds	to	
their	account,	in	order	to	start	subscribing	to	trading	Models.	



	
17	

• 10%	platform	commission	on	all	profits	realized	by	mirror-trading.		

These	 fees	will	 automatically	 accrue	 in	 the	 COV	 Asset	 contract	 which	 in	 turn	
increases	the	value	of	COV	tokens.	

	

Asset	Contract	

The	 COV	Asset	 Contract	 is	 an	 essential	 part	 of	
how	 the	 value	 will	 be	 created	 for	 COV	 token	
holders.	

With	 all	 commissions	 accrued	 in	 the	 Asset	
Contract,	it	creates	a	sufficient	pool	of	funds	to	
support	consistent	growth	of	COV	tokens.		

	

Rewarding	Token	Holders	

As	soon	as	the	Covesting	platform	starts	performing	–	we	aim	to	reward	all	COV	
token	 holders	 by	 distributing	 part	 of	 accrued	 commissions	 in	 the	 COV	 Asset	
Contract.		

Today,	 there	 are	 two	 main	 mechanisms	 to	 return	 value	 to	 the	 contributors:	
dividends	and	buybacks.	

Dividends	 create	 a	 variety	 of	 problems	 in	 the	 digital	 asset	 space.	 One	 of	 the	
primary	concerns	is	paying	dividends	to	tokens	held	on	an	exchange.	Dividends	
would	 be	 sent	 to	 the	 exchange’s	 custodial	 address,	 not	 the	 individuals	 who	
should	 own	 them,	 as	 they	 are	 the	 custodian(holders)	 of	 assets	 on	 their	
exchanges.	To	allow	for	a	dividend	disbursement	to	an	exchange	holding	address,	
all	exchanges	would	have	to	agree	on	how	to	handle	the	dividends,		the	exchange	
could	potentially	just	keep	all	distributed	dividends.	

Having	 a	 dividend	 payout	 almost	 guarantees	 that	 the	 COV	 token	 would	 be	
considered	a	security	according	to	regulators	-	which	means	heavier	regulation	
concerns	 and	 government	 interference.	 There	 is	 also	 the	 transaction	 cost	 of	
sending	dividends	to	thousands	of	COV	holding	addresses.	



	
18	

We	decided	to	choose	a	more	efficient	(and	likely	a	more	regulatory	favorable)	
value	disbursement	method	–	Buyback	and	Burn.	Technically	speaking,	we	will	
systematically	buy	COV	tokens	on	exchanges	and	“Burn”	them.	“Burning”	means	
that	purchased	tokens	will	be	taken	off	the	market,	with	the	consequence	that	
the	total	supply	of	COV	tokens	will	decrease.	This	should	effectively	improve	the	
value	of	COV	over	time.	

We	aim	to	allocate	at	least	50%	of	all	platform	earnings	to	systematic	Buyback	
and	Burn	programs.	This	form	of	repayment	program	sets	best	practices	for	the	
COV	token	economy,	and	simultaneously	serves	in	the	best	interest	of	Covesting	
token	holders.		

We	will	 continuously	monitor	 the	 regulatory	environment	closely	and	possibly	
introduce	 alternative	 methods	 of	 value	 distribution	 according	 to	 market	
guidelines.	

Pre-ICO	
There	will	be	a	token	presale	arranged	for	partners	willing	to	purchase	COV	prior	
to	the	public	ICO.	

Pre-ICO	will	occur	from	20th	October	–	19th	November,	2017	

1	ETH	=	300	COV	

Only	1.500.000	COV	will	be	 issued	at	a	special	price	for	the	 limited	number	of	
contributors	who	managed	to	discover	us	early.	

We	are	 sufficiently	 funded	 for	 continuous	development,	however	a	 successful	
Pre-ICO	 will	 help	 Covesting	 to	 enlarge	 its	 team	 of	 engineers	 and	 boost	
development	speed	of	the	Covesting	platform.	With	extra	funding	obtained	from	
a	 successful	 Pre-ICO,	 we	 would	 be	 able	 to	 release	 a	 prototype	 version	 of	
Covesting	platform	in	mid-November,	right	before	the	official	ICO	on	November	
24th.	

By	 disclosing	 our	 platform	 early,	 we	 are	 confident	 in	 the	 extremely	 positive	
outcome	of	ICO,	which	will	be	incredibly	beneficial	for	early	contributors	to	the	
project.	



	
19	

Additional	 funds	 would	 help	 Covesting	 run	 a	 solid,	 full-scale	 international	
marketing	campaign.	

Our	goal	for	the	Pre-ICO	is	2,000	ETH	and	limit	is	set	at	5,000	ETH	

	

On	October	20th,	we	will	publish	the	ETH-address	of	the	Presale	smart-contract	
on	our	website	Covesting.io.	Personal	e-mail	invitations	will	be	sent	to	everyone	
who	subscribed	via	our	page.		

The	Pre-ICO	shall	be	executed	on	a	first-come,	first-served	basis,	therefore	we	
can’t	guarantee	the	availability	of	tokens	for	all	interested	participants.	

COV	tokens	will	appear	in	contributors	ERC20	wallet	several	days	after	the	ICO	is	
finished.	

Pre-ICO	funds	distribution:	

65%	-	Product	development	team	

• Additional	backend	developers	
• Front	end	developers,	designers	

35%	-	Additional	PR	&	Marketing	expenses:	

• International	marketing	campaigns	
• Promotional	partnerships	in	4	regions	-	Asia,	Europe,	Russia,	Latin	

America	
• Conferences	and	media	partnerships	
• Aggressive	social	media	promotions	

Pre-ICO	participants	will	largely	benefit	from	the	early	discovery	of	the	Covesting	
project,	which	provides	a	fantastic	opportunity	to	purchase	Covesting	Tokens	at	
a	significant	discount.		



	
20	

ICO	
The	public	ICO	will	be	held	on	the	Covesting.io	website	starting	on	November	
24th.		

The	token	sale	will	last	for	30	days.	

Covesting	aims	to	accept	up	to	100,000	ETH	from	our	initial	token	contributors.	
The	COV	smart	contract	will	stop	accepting	commitments	when	the	100,000	
hard	cap	has	been	reached.		

It	is	possible	to	take	part	in	ICO	only	with	Ether	(ETH).	

Below	is	a	table	representing	each	COV	price	increase	depending	on	total	
number	of	ETH	committed	during	ICO.	

	

CUMULATIVE	NUMBER	OF	ETH	
COMMITTED	

COV	PER	ETH	RATE	

0	–	5,000	 200	

5,000	–	10,000	 180	

10,000	–	20,000	 170	

20,000	–	40,000	 160	

40,000	–	60,000	 150	

60,000	–	100,000	 130	

Total:	100,000	ETH	 Total:	15,000,000	COV	

	

All	proceeds	from	the	token	sale	will	fund	the	product	launch,	continued	
platform	development,	and	user	acquisition:	

• 40%	Development	team	with	approximately	15-20	engineers.	Platform	
development,	new	features,	data-testing	for	HFT	operations,	mobile	app	
development	etc.	



	
21	

• 25%	–	Marketing	expenses,	PR	and	Customer	Acquisition,	presentations	
and	region-specific	roadshows.	Digital	currency	trading	exhibitions	
participations	etc.		

• 15%	Strategic	partnerships.	Substantial	costs	largely	associated	with	b2b	
API	integration	from	multiple	partners-exchanges.	Latency	optimization.	

• 12%	Operational	spends,	employees	(excl.	developers),	office	etc.	
• 5%	Legal,	compliance	fees	
• 3%	Owners	and	developer’s	bonus	

	

Why	Purchase	COV	Early?	

All	 early	 contributors	 will	 benefit	 from	 almost	 guaranteed	 profits	 related	 to	
substantial	discounts	during	both	the	Pre-ICO	and	ICO.	As	soon	as	the	Covesting	
platform	is	launched	–	COV	tokens	will	be	available	for	purchase	only	at	a	much	
higher	price	1ETH	=	100	COV.		

This	means	that	if	you	take	part	in	the	Pre-ICO	now,	it	may	easily	increase	your	
capital	at	least	three	times,	with	a	very	probable	increase	to	about	30	times	as	
soon	 as	 COV	 starts	 trading	 on	 the	 exchange	 and	 the	 first	 copy-trades	 start	
generating	commissions	in	the	Asset	Contract.	

	
Cost	of	1COV	in	ETH	

	



	
22	

	

	

Exchange	Listing	

Covesting	is	actively	working	to	list	COV	tokens	at	the	leading	crypto	exchanges.	
COV	will	become	traded	on	crypto	exchanges	shortly	after	the	ICO.	

	

	

	

Safety	of	Contributed	Funds	

In	 order	 to	 provide	 safety	 of	 funds	 and	 smooth	 crowd	 sale	 process	 to	 all	 our	
contributors	–	we	aim	to	establish	a	partnership	with	Ambisafe.	

	

	

Legal	

In	July,	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	issued	a	ruling	that	some	of	the	
“coins”	offered	during	recent	ICOs	are	actually	securities,	and	thereby	are	subject	
to	 the	 agency’s	 regulations.	 By	 offering	 dividends	 and	 profit-sharing	 such	
companies	 failed	 the	 Howey	 Test,	 created	 by	 the	 US	 Supreme	 Court	 for	
determining	whether	certain	transactions	qualify	as	“investment	contracts.”	

The	Howey	test	consists	of	the	following:	



	
23	

			-	Is	it	an	investment	of	money	or	assets?	

			-	Is	the	investment	of	money	or	assets	in	a	common	enterprise?	

			-	Is	there	an	expectation	of	profits	from	the	investment?	

			-	Does	any	profit	come	from	the	efforts	of	a	promoter	or	third	party?	

Unlike	 other	 tokens,	 COV	has	 successfully	 passed	Howey	 test.	 COV	 is	 a	 utility	
token	 and	 its	 purpose	 is	 to	 facilitate	 services	 (copy-trading)	 on	 the	 Covesting	
platform.	COV	is	not	backed	by	real	assets	(such	as	real	estate)	and	doesn’t	grant	
their	holders	any	dividends.	

As	 Tim	Draper	mentioned	 in	his	 open	 letter:	 “If	 the	purpose	of	 a	 token	 is	 for	
societal	transformation,	and	all	proceeds	go	to	the	support	and	development	of	
the	token,	it	need	not	register.”	

	

Road	Map	
By	2019	Covesting	aims	to	become	the	leading	copy-trading	platform	for	the	
cryptocurrency	market.	

	
ü 2017	Q1	–	Concept	design	&	research	
ü 2017	April	–	Analysis	of	traditional	copy-trading	platforms	for	stocks	and	

foreign	exchange.	Features	testing.	Demand	research.	Growth	
projections.		

ü 2017	May	–	Team	formation.	First	steps	in	development	of	architecture	
of	Covesting	platform.	

ü 2017	July	–	Held	a	meet-up	with	60+	private	crypto	currency	traders	and	
investors.	Clearly	visible	demand	for	a	platform	with	mirror-trading	
functions.	

ü 2017	September	–	Landing	page	and	white	paper	disclosed.		
ü 2017	October	20th	–	Pre-ICO	begins	for	a	limited	number	of	contributors.		

The	proceeds	will	be	used	for	adding	new	development	team	members.	
ü 2017	November	24th	–	Prototype	version	of	the	platform	released.		
ü 2017	November	24th	--	Public	ICO	begins	



	
24	

ü 2017	December	–	further	front-end	and	back-end	development.	API	
testing.	Test	mirror-trades	executed.	Latency	test.	Liquidity	aggregator	
setup.	New	features	integration.		

ü 2017	January	-		Exchange	listing	of	COV	Token.	
ü 2018	March	–	Beta	version	launch.	Investors	can	replicate	trading	

Models.	
ü 2018	May	–	Platform	improvements.	Continuous	acquisition	of	users.	

Growing	community.	Mobile	App.	
ü 2019	and	beyond	–	Covesting	platform	has	over	5,000	active	users	and	

$50M	USD+	of	combined	AUM.	Algorithmic	trading	and	arbitrage	bots	
are	now	available	for	subscribing	on	the	platform.	New	features	available.	

	

Meet	the	Core	Team	
My	 name	 is	 Dmitrij	 Pruglo	 and	 I’m	 a	 founder	 and	 ideologist	 of	 the	 Covesting	
project.	I	have	been	working	in	the	financial	sector	for	11	years	and	held	trading-
related	 positions	 in	 SEB	 Bank	 and	 Saxo	 Bank.	 I	 have	 been	 involved	 in	 stocks,	
derivatives	and	FX	trading	since	1998.	During	this	time,	I	executed	trades	using	
various	web-platforms,	trading	software	and	algorithms.	Being	an	expert	in	the	
online	trading	industry,	I	can	surely	state	that	digital	asset	management	services	
and	cryptocurrency	hedge	funds	will	shortly	become	a	“must-have”	option	for	
any	 diversified	 investor.	 Original	 copy-trading	 platforms	 such	 as	 e-Toro	 and	
Covestor	 inspired	 me	 to	 offer	 similar	 asset	 management	 solutions	 for	
cryptocurrency	traders.	Such	a	platform	would	create	a	perfect	synergy	between	
investors	and	professional	asset	managers.	I	have	assembled	a	team	with	a	solid	
financial	markets	background,	which	 is	motivated	to	make	the	world	of	digital	
currency	 investments	better.	 Together,	we	will	 create	a	magnificent	platform,	
which	will	help	many	investors	and	traders	find	each	other	and	mutually	benefit	
from	everything	that	the	Covesting	platform	has	to	offer.	



	
25	

	

	 		 	
Dmitrij	Pruglo	
Founder,	CEO	

12+	years	in	equity,	derivatives	and	FX	
trading.	In-depth	knowledge	of	

financial	markets,	brokerage	industry	
and	multi-asset	trading	platforms.	
Investment	manager	and	Banking	

professional.	SEB	Bank,	Saxo	Bank,	CEO	
at	Wisdom	Bay	Holding	(private	equity)	

	

Timofej	Voronin	
Co-founder,	COO	

	12+	years	of	online	trading	
expertise	in	variety	of	asset	

classes.	Experienced	sales	trader	
and	executive	with	strong	
background	in	finance.		

Swedbank,	Saxo	Bank,	Orion	
Securities,	Argo	Traders	

Sergey	Sevantsyan		
CIO,	CTO	

20+	years	in	IT	industry,	
co-founder	of	IBW,	Consultant	

for	crypto	funds,	Project	
manager	at	several	ICO’s,	
Blockchain	evangelist		
ex.	Senior	IT	@	Nokia	

	 	 	
Konstantin	Zherebtsov	

Information	Security	and	Compliance	
11+	years	in	software	engineering	and	
IT	security.	Former	Chief	Information	

Security	at	Zurich	Insurance	
IS	and	Compliance	at	Swisscom	

Max	Sayganov	
Digital	Marketing	Strategist	

15+	years	of	marketing	experience	
with	focus	on	Investment	and	
trading	businesses.	Specialist	in	
global	marketing	campaigns	for	
Saxo	Bank,	Mediagroup	London,	

Marketing	Lion	
	

Andrey	Zaveriukha	
Business	Development	

Online-investment	industry	
10+	years.	B2b	partnerships,	

strategic	business	
development,	client	

acquisition	at	Saxo	Bank,	
SpotOption,	Hello	group	

	
	 	

	

	

	 Aleksandr	Strah	
Smart	contract	developer	

10+	years	in	software	development	and	
testing.	

Ivannikov	Institute	for	System	Programming,	
Developer	at:	MASIW,	Linux	DDV	Project.	

Ivan	Sologub	
Marketing	and	PR	

12+	years	in	Marketing,	owner	of	Web-design	
studio.	SEO,	SMM	specialist.	Focusing	on	ICO	

marketing	campaigns	and	community	
management	

	



	
26	

Conclusion	
• We	are	already	in	prototype	development	mode,	and	in	November	2017	

we	will	release	a	MVP	version	of	the	platform	where	anyone	can	register	
and	familiarize	themselves	with	the	interface	and	features.	

• We	are	 in	 active	 communication	with	 cryptocurrency	 funds	 and	private	
traders	in	order	to	form	an	initial	pool	of	professional	Model	Managers.	

• We	have	a	solid	marketing	strategy	which	will	ensure	a	successful	launch	
of	the	platform	in	Q1	2018.	

• We	know	exactly	what	is	needed	for	both	investors	and	traders.	We	will	
create	synergy	and	a	mutually	beneficial	investment	environment.	

• We	provide	simple	logic	behind	the	value	creation	for	the	COV	token.	It’s	
easy	to	understand	and	evaluate	its	future	growth.	

• Unlike	 many	 ICO	 campaigns,	 we	 are	 not	 just	 creating	 another	 useless	
cryptocurrency	 in	an	already	crowded	market.	We	provide	the	ability	 to	
become	a	member	of	the	successful	platform	and	benefit	from	the	token	
price	growth.		

• We	have	an	excellent,	competitive	team	creating	a	revolutionary	product	
and	will	cope	with	any	difficulties	down	the	road.	

	

	

Disclaimer	
This	document	is	for	information	purposes	only	and	is	not	an	offer	or	a	call	to	sell	
stocks	or	securities.	

COV	tokens	are	not	securities	

User	acknowledges,	understands,	and	agrees	that	COV	tokens	are	not	securities	
and	are	not	registered	with	any	government	entity	as	a	security,	and	shall	not	be	
considered	as	such.	



	
27	

	

	

Absence	of	guarantees	of	income	or	profit	

There	 is	 no	 guarantee	 that	 COV	 tokens	 will	 grow	 in	 value.	 There	 are	 no	
guarantees	that	the	price	of	COV	coins	will	not	decrease,	including	significantly,	
due	to	some	unforeseen	events,	or	events	over	which	the	developers	have	no	
control,	or	because	of	force	majeure	circumstances.	

Risks	associated	with	Ethereum	

COV	tokens	will	be	issued	on	the	Ethereum	blockchain.	Therefore,	any	failure	or	
malfunctioning	of	the	Ethereum	protocol	may	lead	to	the	trading	network	of	COV	
tokens	not	working	as	expected.	

Regulatory	uncertainty	

Blockchain	 technologies	 are	 subject	 to	 supervision	 and	 control	 by	 various	
regulatory	 bodies	 around	 the	world.	 COV	 tokens	may	 fall	 under	 one	 or	more	
requests	or	actions	on	their	part,	including	but	not	limited	to	restrictions	imposed	
on	the	use	or	possession	of	digital	tokens	such	as	COV	coins,	which	may	slow	or	
limit	the	functionality	or	repurchase	of	COV	tokens	in	the	future.	

Risks	of	using	new	technologies	

COV	tokens	are	a	new	and	relatively	untested	technology.	In	addition	to	the	risks	
mentioned	in	this	document,	there	are	certain	additional	risks	that	the	team	of	
the	 Covesting	 cannot	 foresee.	 These	 risks	 may	 manifest	 themselves	 in	 other	
forms	of	risk	than	those	specified	herein.	


