








































Microsoft Word - готовая_12.doc


 
 

CrazyBET.io 1 

 
CrazyBET	

easily	bet	on	any	events	
	
	
	
	
	

White	Paper	
v.	1.1	

	
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Janis	Kotans,	Vadim	Horev,	Petrus	Ozolins,	Ivan	Melnik	
	

July	2017	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 2 

 

Table	of	contents	

TABLE	OF	CONTENTS	 2	

1.	 INTRODUCTION	 3	

1.1.	 MISSION	 3	
1.2.	 PROBLEM	 3	
1.3.	 SOLUTION	 3	

2.	 COMPETITORS	 4	

3.	 BUSINESS	CASES	 5	

3.1.	 BET	CASES	WITH	THIRD-PARTY	CONFIRMATION	 5	
3.2.	 BET	CASES	WITH	AUTOMATIC	CONFIRMATION	BY	API	 6	
3.3.	 BET	CASES	FOR	GAMES	WITH	PVP	MODE	 6	

4.	 HOW	IT	WORKS?	 6	
4.1.	 GENERAL	UNDERSTANDING	 7	
4.2.	 BET	ON	THE	GAME	IN	PVP	MODE.	 7	
4.3.	 BET	WITH	THIRD	PARTY	CONFIRMATION	 9	
4.4.	 BET	WITH	AUTOMATIC	CONFIRMATION	BY	API	(PRIVATE	BET)	 10	
4.5.	 BET	WITH	AUTOMATIC	CONFIRMATION	BY	API	(PUBLIC	BETTING)	 11	
4.6.	 DETERMINATION	OF	THE	WINNER	 12	
4.7.	 TYPES	OF	BETTING	 12	

5.	 CRAZYBET	ECONOMICS	 13	

6.	 MARKET	 13	

7.	 RAODMAP	 15	

8.	 CBET	ICO	 17	

8.1.	 ICO	GOALS	 17	
8.2.	 DURATION	OF	THE	ICO	 17	
8.3.	 TOKEN	DISTRIBUTION	 17	
8.4.	 TOKEN	PRICE	 18	
8.5.	 BOUNTIES	 19	

9.	 TEAM	 19	

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

CrazyBET.io 3 

1. Introduction	
 

1.1. Mission	
 
Our	mission	is	to	allow	friends	to	easily	bet	on	money	with	each	other	on	any	events.	Starting	
with	a	bet	“who	will	drink	more	beer”	to	PvP	game	wall	to	wall.	
 

1.2. Problem	
 
Problem	1.		
No	place	to	make	a	bet	on	any	topic	or	play	in	popular	games	with	PvP	(Player	vs	Player)	mode	

for	money…	With	honest	payouts	and	transparent	conditions.	

If	you	want	to	bet	on	who	drinks	more	beer	or	what	weather	will	be	in	Amsterdam	tomorrow,	

you	will	 face	 the	problem	of	 searching	 a	 service	with	 financial	 instruments	 and	deal	 fairness	

control.	

	
Problem	2.		

If	you	want	to	play	in	popular	game	in	PvP	mode	with	money	reward,	you	will	meet	a	problem	

searching	the	service	like	that.	The	players	have	no	opportunity	for	placing	bets	in	games	now		

(“who	will	win?”	“who	will	get	more	scores?	etc.”).	

What	to	do	if	you	want	to	play	with	each	other	or	the	office	against	the	office	for	50$?	

There	 is	 no	 automation	 system	 for	 such	 cases	 now.	 There	 is	 only	 one	 way	 –	 searching	 for	

“guarantor”	on	the	game	forums	and	make	a	deal	with	him.	Usually	it	takes	a	lot	of	time.	The	

guarantors	like	that	don’t	agree	for	small	bets	or	expend	time	taking	decision.	

This	problem	is	currently	relevant	and	there	is	no	complete	solution	to	it	even	with	the	human	

factor.	

	

1.3. Solution	
	

The	platform	allows	you	to	create	three	types	of	bets:	

• Bet	with	a	third	party	confirmation.	

• Bet	with	automatic	confirmation	by	API.	

• Bet	on	the	competition	in	games	with	PvP	mode.	

	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 4 

Our	platform	will	act	as	guarantor	of	such	transactions	and	providing	extensive	options	for	their	

organization.	The	internal	currency	for	betting	is	CBET.	

It	works	on	the	basis	of	smart	contracts,	which	allows	them	to	achieve	a	high	level	of	security	

and	honesty	of	bets.	

	

We	 will	 give	 people	 a	 convenient	 opportunity	 to	 organize	 a	 bet.	 Using	 our	 website	 or	 app,	

people	will	 be	 able	 to	 customize	 all	 the	 details	 of	 the	 dispute	 and	 conclude	 it.	 The	 platform	

provides	 security	 from	 scammers	 and	waiver	 of	 bid	 through	 smart	 contracts,	 automation	 of	

decision	making	and	competent	work	with	Arbitrators.	

	

The	main	functions	of	the	site	are	the	following	items:	

• Complete	adjustment	of	the	terms	of	the	dispute	on	both	sides	and	its	conclusion;	

• Automatic	conclusion	of	a	smart	contract	for	each	bet	and	its	execution;	

• Control	of	the	fairness	of	the	bet	under	its	terms.	

	

2. Competitors	
 
Bait	

Bait	is	a	peer-to-peer	(P2P)	betting	platform	that	allows	users	to	bet	their	friends	on	practically	

any	sporting	event.		

Sports	Available	-	NFL,	NCAAF,	NCAAB,	NBA,	MLB,	Soccer,	and	more.	Also	pulling	in	the	betting	

lines	from	Vegas,	users	can	bet	their	friends	on	the	spread,	the	over/under,	or	who's	going	to	

win.	

Weakness	-	Only	a	sporting	event,	you	can	not	create	your	own	personal	events.	There	is	no	

third	party	verification	(only	API	for	sporting	events).	

	

Youbetme	

The	company	bills	itself	as	a	way	to	“bet	on	anything,	at	any	time”.	To	be	clear,	it	doesn’t	

support	real-money	betting,	but	rather	tracking	friendly	bets	with	friends.	Oriented	on	sport	

betting.	

Weakness	-	there	is	no	possibility	to	put	money.	There	is	no	verification	of	the	dispute	by	a	

third	party.	API	is	only	with	sports	events.	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 5 

	

	

Puntaa		

Is	a	tournament	style	and	club	fundraising	social	betting	platform	that	allows	you	to	place	

wagers	on	season	long	sport	tipping	tournaments,	weekly	sport	tipping	tournaments	as	well	as	

daily	sport	and	horse	racing	tipping	tournaments.	Also	Puntaa	provide	social	bets	against	your	

mates.	Puntaa	more	of	a	social	platform	and	wagering	is	an	element	of	that.	

Puntaa	is	currently	only	available	for	use	in	Australia.		

Weakness	-	Works	only	in	Australia.	There	is	no	verification	of	the	bet	by	a	third	party.	API	only	

with	sports	events.	

	

Tedbets	

The	Tedbet's	slogan	is	“bet	anyone,	anywhere,	on	anything”	although	the	core	focus	of	the	

product	is	indeed	on	sports.		

Weakness	-	No	verification	of	the	bet	by	a	third	party.	API	only	with	sports	events.	

 

3. Business	cases	
 
 

3.1. Bet	cases	with	third-party	confirmation	
 

In	those	cases	where	it	is	not	possible	to	automate	the	receipt	of	the	result	of	dispute	(bet),	the	

arbitrator	of	the	dispute	is	appointed.	Often	these	are	disputes	that	occur	offline.	

	

Examples	of	bets:	

• Who	will	drink	more	alcohol?	

• Who	is	the	first	to	go	on	a	date	with	Mary?	

• Who	will	reach	faster	to	a	certain	point?	

• Who	is	the	first	to	pick	up	a	girl	at	a	bar?	

• Who	will	be	promoted	this	month?	

• Who	has	it	bigger?)	

	

And	other	bets	that	can	only	come	up.	Everything	is	limited	by	your	imagination.	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 6 

 
 
 

3.2. Bet	cases	with	automatic	confirmation	by	API	
	

Weather		

You	can	make	a	bet	with	a	friend	or	any	person	on	a	series	of	weather	events:	

• What	will	be	the	maximum	temperature	in	the	city	X	on	August	12,	2017?	

• The	maximum	temperature	in	city	A	will	be	more	than	in	city	B.	

• Will	there	be	rain	this	weekend	in	Alaska?	

• What	height	or	what	speed	will	the	waves	reach	in	Soorts-Hossegor?	

	

Cryptocurrency	cost	

Work	on	the	API	occurs	with	several	exchanges,	so	with	a	bet	you	need	to	choose	one,	the	

results	of	which	will	determine	the	choice.	

It	is	enough	to	choose	the	terms	of	the	dispute,	for	example:	

• Will	the	BTC		price	achieve	a	certain	rate?	

• What	amount	of	turnover	will	be	on	a	BTC/ETH	pair	on	Poloniex?	

• What	is	the	size	of	the	largest	transaction	from	08	to	09	PM	on	the	Bittrex	exchange	for	

a	BTC/LTC	pair?	

• How	many	times	will	Apple	be	mentioned	in	the	NY	Times	articles	for	July	15,	2017?	

	

Policy	

Which	party	will	win	in	the	parliamentary	elections	in	Norway?	

	

3.3. Bet	cases	for	games	with	PvP	mode	
 

You	can	play	one	on	one	or	a	wall	to	the	wall	(in	PvP	mode)	with	a	prize	fund.	

StarCraft,	WarCraft,	World	of	Tanks,	Call	of	Duty,	Counter	Strike	and	other	games	where	there	

is	a	PvP	mode.	

 

4. How	it	works?	
	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 7 

4.1. General	understanding	
 
We	will	connect	all	kinds	of	API	services	from	different	sites	for	automatic	data	acquisition,	

which	will	be	used	to	analyze	the	outcome	of	the	dispute.	The	API-connected	services	become	

available	when	selecting	from	the	list	of	possible	bets	option.	Each	such	service	will	have	its	

own	set	of	possible	betting	options.	

In	those	cases	where	it	is	not	possible	to	automate	the	receipt	of	the	result	of	dispute,	the	

arbitrator	of	the	dispute	is	appointed.	The	arbitrator	may	be	appointed	by	the	parties	or	an	

arbitrator	provided	by	the	system	may	be	selected.	

In	this	case,	it	is	necessary	to	clearly	describe	the	terms	of	the	dispute,	so	that	then	there	will	

be	no	disagreement.	

If	there	is	any	disagreement	on	the	results	of	the	dispute,	the	user	may	apply	to	our	Arbitrage	

System.	

	

4.2. Bet	on	the	game	in	PvP	mode.	
 



 
 

CrazyBET.io 8 

 
 

1. Teams	make	a	deal	about	the	game	on	the	certain	server,	which	is	connected	to	

platform.	Teams	agree	on	the	terms	of	the	bet.	

2. Team	A	create	a	bet	on	the	platform	by	completing	a	form	with	all	bet	conditions,	PvP	

game	data,	Team	B	identifier.		

3. Team	B	accept	the	invitation	and	agree	with	bet	terms.	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 9 

4. Smart	contract	is	created	automatically	with	the	conditions	that	were	specified	when	

completing	the	form	and	creating	a	bet.	

5. Automatically	transferred	CBET	from	each	of	the	parties	for	the	execution	of	the	smart	

contract.	

6. At	the	appointed	time,	a	game	takes	place	between	Team	A	and	Team	B.	

7. After	the	game,	the	platform	receives	API	data	from	the	game	server	about	the	results	

of	the	game.	

8. Transfer	of	game	data	for	smart	–	contract	execution.	

9. Distribution	of	funds,	according	to	the	concluded	smart	contract.	

 

4.3. Bet	with	third	party	confirmation	
 
 

 
 

1. Players	agree	to	place	bets	with	each	other	for	any	events.	

2. Player	A	create	a	bet	on	the	platform	by	completing	a	form	with	all	bet	conditions,	

selecting	the	Arbiter,	Player	B's	ID	(for	sending	the	invitation).	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 10 

3. The	arbitrator	accepts	the	invitation	and	agrees	to	become	the	Arbiter	of	this	bet.	

4. Player	B	accept	the	invitation	and	agree	with	bet	terms.	

5. Smart	contract	is	automatically	created	with	the	conditions	that	were	specified	

when	filling	out	the	form	for	creating	a	bet.	

6. CBET	is	automatically	transferred	from	each	of	the	players	for	the	execution	of	the	

smart	contract.	

7. At	the	appointed	time	there	is	a	game	between	Player	A	and	Player	B.	

8. After	the	game,	Arbiter	receives	data	from	the	Players	about	the	results	of	the	

event.	Arbiter	checks	the	data.		

9. Transfer	of	event	data	for	smart-contract	execution.	

10. Distribution	of	funds,	according	to	the	concluded	smart	contract.	

 
 

4.4. Bet	with	automatic	confirmation	by	API	(private	bet)	

 
 

1. Players	agree	on	a	bet	from	the	list	of	possible	bets	on	the	platform.	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 11 

2. Player	A	create	a	bet	on	the	platform	by	completing	a	betting	form.	This	form	

contains	the	ability	to	enter	all	the	terms	of	the	bet,	enter	the	Player	B's	ID	(for	

sending	an	invitation)	or	enter	the	password	for	the	bet.	

3. Player	B	accept	the	invitation	and	agree	with	bet	terms.	

4. Smart	contract	is	automatically	created	with	the	conditions	that	were	specified	

when	completing	the	form	to	create	a	bet.	

5. CBET	is	automatically	transferred	from	each	of	the	Players	for	the	execution	of	the	

smart	contract.	

6. At	the	appointed	time,	the	platform	receives	API	data	from	the	server	about	the	

results	of	the	betting	object.	

7. Transfer	of	betting	results	data	for	smart-contract	execution.	

8. Distribution	of	funds,	according	to	the	concluded	smart	contract.	

 

4.5. 	Bet	with	automatic	confirmation	by	API	(public	betting)	

 
 



 
 

CrazyBET.io 12 

1. Player	A	creates	a	bet	on	the	platform	by	filling	out	the	betting	form.	This	form	contains	

all	conditions	of	the	bet	from	list	of	possible	bets.	

2. Player	B	agree	with	bet	terms.	

3. Player	C	agree	with	bet	terms.	

4. After	the	expiration	of	the	time	limit	of	the	bet,	a	smart	contract	is	created	

automatically	with	the	conditions	that	were	set	when	filling	out	the	form	for	creating	a	

bet.	

5. CBET	is	automatically	transferred	from	each	of	the	Players	for	the	execution	of	the	

smart	contract.	

6. At	the	appointed	time,	the	platform	receives	API	data	from	the	server	about	the	results	

of	the	betting	object.	

7. Transfer	of	betting	results	data	for	the	execution	of	a	smart	contract.	

8. Distribution	of	CBETs,	according	to	the	concluded	smart	contract.	

 

4.6. Determination	of	the	winner	
	

The	winner	is	determined	on	the	basis	of	revealing	the	real	facts	on	the	subject	of	the	published	

bet	and	after	the	expiration	of	the	arbitrage	time.		

The	winner	is	automatically	determined,	based	on	data	obtained	by	the	API	or	by	third	party	

confirmation	as	a	result	of	the	meeting	and	the	discovery	of	reliable	facts	on	the	merits	of	the	

dispute.	

In	case	of	disagreement	with	the	decision,	the	client	can	file	an	arbitration	request	for	

clarification	of	the	situation	within	24	hours.	

4.7. Types	of	betting	
	

There	are	3	types	of	betting:	

• Public	bet	

• Private	betting	without	viewing	

• Betting	with	a	password		

	

Public	Bet	-	You	can	bet	without	inviting	the	other	side.	In	this	case,	any	user	of	the	system	can	

agree	to	your	bet	terms	and	take	part	in	it.	Bets	can	be	either	one-on-one	or	one-to-many.	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 13 

Private	betting	without	viewing	-	When	you	create	a	bet,	you	specify	the	opponent	-	user	of	the	

system	or	his	email.	Other	users	can	not	see	this	bet.	

Bet	with	password	-	When	you	create	a	bet,	you	specify	a	password.	Only	users	who	know	this	

password	can	participate	in	this	bet.	Other	users	can	only	watch	and	comment	on	your	bet.	

	

5. CrazyBET	economics	
 

Stakes	inside	of	the	platform	are	made	only	in	CBET.	

Start	rate	CBET,	if	buy	at	the	platform	will	be	1CBET=0,5$.		

As	far	as	developing	CBET	platform	the	rate	will	be	changing	towards	increase.	

	

At	the	start	of	the	project,	the	cost	of	CBET	when	buying	on	the	platform	will	be	5	times	more	

expensive	than	when	buying	at	ICO.	

	

From	every	successful	deal	-	the	fee	is	paid.	These	costs	are	spent	on	platform`s	maintenance.	

Betting	with	automatic	confirmation	by	API	(till	December	2017)	–	1	CBET;	

Bet	on	the	game	in	PvP	mode	(till	December	2017)	–	1	CBET;	

A	bet	with	a	third	party	confirmation	is	5%	+	1	CBET	(of	which	5%	is	to	arbitrator).	

 

6. Market	
 

There	is	no	separate	statistics	on	the	direction	of	these	types	of	bets.	Therefore,	to	see	the	

dynamics	and	the	overall	size	of	the	market,	we	take	the	general	statistics	of	the	gambling	

market.	

The	global	online	gambling	market	is	a	dynamic	and	rapidly	changing	business.	

By	the	end	of	2016,	it	reached	$45.86	billion,	and	is	expected	to	reach	$96.89	billion	by	the	end	

of	2024		

	

	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 14 

	
	

	

Online	gambling’s	Gross	Gaming	Revenue	(stakes	minus	winnings)	in	EU	is	expected	to	rise	from	

€16.5	billion	in	2015	to	€24.9	billion	in	2020.	

	

	
	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 15 

Betting	is	the	most	popular	European	online	gambling	product	at	37%	of	the	market,	whilst	

online	poker	and	casinos	make	up	respectively	24%	and	22%.	But	there	are	still	17%	of	different	

types	of	bets,	despite	the	fact	that	there	are	only	several	services	on	the	market	that	allow	

them	to	be	made.	

	

	
	

	

 

7. Raodmap	
 
	 	

March-May	2017	 Idea	creation	

Team	development	

June	2017	 Concept	development	

Software	core	

July	2017	 Web-site	launch	

White	paper	release	

ICO	start	

August	2017	 Alpha	testing	WEB	version:	

• Profile	settings	

• Betting	with	automatic	confirmation	by	API	

• Betting	with	PvP	games	

Negotiations	with	exchange	services.	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 16 

Lists	the	CBET	token	for	trading.	

September	2017	 Beta	testing	WEB	version:	

• functional	testing	

• UI	testing	

• security	testing	

• stress	testing	

Functional	testing:	

• Betting	with	automatic	confirmation	by	API	

• Betting	with	PvP	games	

• Betting	with	third	party	confirmation	

• Withdrawal	function	

• Account	balance		

• Profile	

October	2017	 WEB	Version	1.0:	

Betting	with	automatic	confirmation	by	API	-	5	connected	services	

Betting	with	PvP	games	-	10	connected	servers	with	3	top	games	

Betting	with	third	party	confirmation	

Start	 selling	 CBET	 from	 the	 site.	 Payment	 Gateway	 -	 credit	 cards	 (or	

direct	transfer	tokens	to	account).	

Company	establishment	

November	2017	 WEB	Version	2.0	

Betting	with	automatic	confirmation	by	API	about	20	connected	services	

Betting	with	PvP	games	about	25	connected	servers	with	5	top	games	

The	ability	for	users	to	become	arbitrators	(subject	to	a	deposit)	

Integration	with	classical	betting	systems	

Start	marketing	campaigns.	

Withdrawal	function.	

	

December	2017	 WEB	Version	2.1	

Betting	with	automatic	confirmation	by	API	-	25	connected	services	

Betting	with	PvP	games	-	30	connected	servers	with	5	top	games	

Integration	with	classical	betting	systems	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 17 

Android	and	iOS	version	1.0	

Change	commission	rates.	

March	2018	 Full-featured	Android	and	iOS	version.	

WEB	Version	3.0	with	adaptation	for	China	Market	

April	2018	 Adaptation	and	translate	WEB	and	App	for	China	Market.	

 
 

8. CBET	ICO		
 

8.1. 	ICO	Goals	
	

The	collected	funds	will	be	spent	on	the	development	of	the	platform,	marketing	and	legal	

support	for	this	platform.	

Token	holders	will	be	the	first	users	of	CBET	platform.	It’s	will	be	start	impulse	for	CrazyBET.	

8.2. 	Duration	of	the	ICO	
 
START	DATE:	July	22,	2017	at	UTC	00:00		
END	DATE:	August	10,	2017	at	UTC	00:00		
	
 

8.3. 	Token	Distribution	
 
 
	 	
Tokens	for	ICO	participiants	 21	000	000	
Tokens	for	Development	Team	 3	000	000	
Tokens	for	alpha	and	beta	testers	 1	200	000	
Tokens	for	Bounties	 1	200	000	
Tokens	for	sale	to	players	at	$	0.5	after	launching	the	
platform.	These	tokens	will	be	used	only	for	sale	through	the	
platform	at	a	price	of	at	least	$	0.5	

3	600	000	

Total	tokens	 30	000	000		
 
 



 
 

CrazyBET.io 18 

 
 
	

CBET	will	be	an	Ethereum-based	token.	CBET	tokens	are	standard	ERC	20	smart	contracts.	They	

will	be	fully	transferable	and	will	grant	the	token	holder	the	right	to	use	this	token	on	CrazyBET	

platform.	

Token	holders	will	be	free	to	buy	and	sell	CBET	tokens	once	they	are	listed	on	various	exchange.		

All	CBETs	tokens	purchased	or	received	during	the	ICO	will	be	distributed	within	5	days	of	the	

closing	date	of	the	ICO.	

8.4. 	Token	price	
	

2000	CBET	=	1	ETH.		

We	will	accept	ETH,	BTC,	LTC.		

Minimal	goal:		1	000	ETH	

Maximal	goal:	7	000	ETH	

We	start	project	anyway!	

ICO	is	your	opportunity	for	raise	money	and	our	opportunity	for	faster	growth.	

 
 
 



 
 

CrazyBET.io 19 

8.5. Bounties	
 
A	bounty	will	be	distributed	for	different	participation	methods,	such	as:		

• signature	campaign		

• participants	at	Bitcointalk	org	

• following	and	promoting	CBET	Twitter	account	

• publishing	and	posting	CBET	on	blogs	

• topic	translating		

• facebook	compaign	

9. Team	
 

 	

 

Janis	Kotans	
CEO	
	

More	than	10	years	experience	in	investment	
research,	financial	planning	and	asset	
management.	

Took	part	in	more	than	20	business	as	
Financial	Advisor.	

 	

 

Vadim	Horev	
Marketing	Director	

	
Extensive	experience	in	strategic	planning	and	
marketing	

Worked	in	top	gambling	compnies	of	EU.	

More	than	8	years	in	marketing	and	project	
management.	

	
 	



 
 

CrazyBET.io 20 

 

Petrus	Ozolins	
CTO	

	
Old	school	developer,	Master	of	Engineering	
science)	
	
More	than	20	years	experience	in	software	
development.	Java	guru.	
	

 	

 

Ivan	Melnik	
Team	Lead	

	
Senior	Full	Stack	developer.	
Worked	in	top	software	development	
companies	such	us	Luxoft,	IBM,	and	Amadeus.	

Team	lead	of	our	6	developers.	

	

	

 	
 


