













































1

WHITE  PAPER
cr yp toc red i t ca rd . i o



2

1.DISCLAIMER .............................................................................

2. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY ...............................................................

3. MARKET DYNAMICS ................................................................

    3.1. REMOTE BANKING SERVICES ............................................

4. THE PROBLEMS .........................................................................

    4.1. SECURITY ...........................................................................

    4.2. USABILITY ..........................................................................

    4.3. TRADITIONAL FINANCIAL PLATFORM WEAKNESSES ...........

5. THE SOLUTION …………………………………….……................…

6. UNIQUENESS OF THE PROJECT ……………...………………………

   6.1. SERVICES AND FEATURES …………...................………

   6.2. MOBILE BANKING …………………………………….………

   6.3. CRYPTO CREDIT CARD …………………………….......……

   6.4. WALLET ADD-ONS DIRECTORY ………………….…………

   6.5. LOANS AGGREGATOR ………………………….......………

   6.6. C3 EXCHANGE AND PAMM ACCOUNTS …………....…

   6.7. PSD2 ………………………………………………………….……

7. MARKET STRATEGY ……………………………………….….....………

8. ROADMAP ………………………………………………….......…………

9. CCCR TOKEN …………………………………………….....…....………

10. TOKEN PRICE GROWTH FACTORS .......…..……....……………

11. ICO ………………………………………………..........…....…………

12. TEAM AND ADVISORS ..…………………….........……………....

3

4

5

5

6

6

6

7

8

10

10

10

11

12

13

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

23

TABLE OF CONTENTS



3

PLEASE REVIEW CAREFULLY THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION. IF YOU HAVE ANY 
DOUBTS ABOUT WHAT ACTIONS YOU SHOULD TAKE, WE RECOMMEND 
THAT YOU CONSULT WITH YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER 
PROFESSIONAL ADVISER. 

The information provided in this document may not be exhaustive and does not 
imply contractual obligations. We are making every effort to ensure the accuracy 
and relevance of the material in this document, but it does not constitute any form of 
professional advice. 

The C3 does not guarantee or accept any responsibility or liability for the accuracy, 
relevance, completeness or reliability of the information contained in this document. 
Individuals intending to purchase CCCR tokens should consult an independent 
specialist before making any transactions or commitments based on this document, 
as it is published for informational purposes only. CCCR tokens are not considered 
securities in any jurisdiction. 

This document does not constitute a prospectus or offering document, and not an offer 
to sell nor the solicitation of an offer to invest in or purchase any securities in any 
jurisdiction. C3 doesn’t provide any opinions or advice regarding the acquisition, sale 
or other operations with CCCR tokens, and the fact of the provision of this document 
does not form the basis or should not be relied upon in matters related to the conclusion 
of contracts or acceptance investment decisions. 

This document doesn’t oblige anyone to enter into any contracts, to take legal 
obligations with respect to the sale or purchase of CCCR crypto tokens, and to accept 
any cryptocurrency or other form of payment.

DISCLAIMER



4

   С3 — a platform based on Ethereum blockchain with its own crypto exchange 
and mobile banking services. Our crypto exchange introduces new innovative 
options, including PAMM accounts.  C3 platform is not only a financial tool for 
managing assets, but it is also a crypto credit aggregator that selects the best 
credit offers all over the world, including cryptocurrency.

Our main goal is to create a convenient investment and crediting tool available 
for everyone. We want to provide a financial freedom for everybody and give 
opportunity to earn profit from financial tools accessible for a wider audience. 
C3 is a multi-functional platform, which allows each participant to keep money in 
a multi-currency online wallet, trade crypto and traditional assets, invest money, 
get a loan with the most profitable options. We want to simplify the management 
of fiat and crypto currencies in one convenient payment system—Crypto Credit 
Card.

EXECUTIVE 
SUMMARY



5

Today, the global banking system generates about $1 trillion of profits a year all over 
the world. According to McKinsey research, banks can lose from 40% to 60% of profits 
in this area by 2025 due to the younger and more flexible fintech companies by offering 
consumers cheaper and more convenient services. 

REMOTE BANKING SERVICES: 
The level of penetration of remote banking services in the world, according to 
McKinsey research, is far behind the level of Internet prevalence, and therefore, 
has a serious growth potential. 
According to Finalta World Bank research the share of banks’ clients using 
remote banking services in Nordic Countries, Australia and USA is about 60%, 
in Russia (no more than 30%), in Great Britain and Singapore (about 40%).

According to McKinsey research, by 2025 most of the value chains will merge 
in a few dozen of ecosystems, and the boundaries between individual sectors 
will be erased. In the B2C segment the elements in the chain Consumer Crediting 
– Payments – Investments Management – Loyalty Program Management will 
be able to fully integrate into one complete ecosystem. The C3 platform will 
be implemented as a convenient mobile banking with an innovative crediting 
mechanism, with a multi-currency wallet, card to make payments, cashback 
programs around the world, and access to global investment platforms. The 
decentralized principle will provide the highest security and transparency of 
transactions.

MARKET 
DYNAMICS

Доля клиентов банков, воспользовавшихся каким-либо цифровым каналом, проценты



6

THE PROBLEMS

SECURITY 
Recently, millions of people have joined the world of cryptocurrency. 
Therefore, most of them are unfamiliar with the problems that surround 
this complex, but now profitable, sphere of cryptocurrencies. This 
makes them easy targets for cybercriminals and cyber thieves. To 
solve this problem, we need a system that can safely store assets, 
but in a more convenient way. This solution offers C3.

USABILITY
Since the digital currency market is quite new, it does not have 
simple technological solutions for currency exchange operations 
yet. More often users have to use one service to exchange fiat 
for bitcoin, go to another website to exchange bitcoin for other 
cryptocurrencies. In order to exchange them back into fiat users 
need to visit numerous websites and proceed multiple transactions. 
Furthermore, it charges 15% of commision.

TRADITIONAL FINANCIAL PLATFORMS WEAKNESSES 
Traditional financial platforms have many weaknesses and single 
points of failure.
Banks and investment firms are subject to embezzlement and 
mismanagement of funds, which leads to catastrophic results. 



7

TRADITIONAL FINANCIAL 
PLATFORMS WEAKNESSES

BANKING IS TOO EXPENSIVE

Credit cards charge up to 3% on payments, bank wires can cost $50 dollars 
or more and remittances are charged on average over 7% of the amount 
sent. Trillions of dollars circulate the globe in such electronic transactions 
each year. But it shouldn’t cost more to send a payment across continents 
than it does to send an email or a text message. Other financial services such 
as currency exchange and credit cards or loans are similarly overpriced.

EXPENSIVE INTERNATIONAL REMITTANCES 
 
Users wish to deposit/withdraw funds in their local fiat currency without 
meeting the expense and difficulty of making international payments.

There will be a great effect for cryptocurrencies and blockchain-enabled 
payment solutions in the international remittance industry. It is notable that 
the most widely recognized way how migrant workers send money back 
home—Western Union, regional/local remittance outlets, or agents. These 
payment solution providers have high international transfer rates. 

New companies are beginning to leverage on the blockchain to offer 
remittance services in various nations. Some typical examples: Rebit in the 
Philippines, ArtaBit in Indonesia, and BitPesa in Africa. These organizations 
acknowledge the use of Bitcoins as payment from the nation of origin and 
convert them into the local currency. Without going through the banking 
channels, the recipients can have access to the local currency. They do not 
have to work with hundreds of dollars as exchange or service charges.



8

Featuring a simple interface designed for mainstream adoption, the C3 
platform plans to serve as a conduit between traditional finance and the 
digital asset economy. It is intended that users will be able to transact 
through a wide range of channels, including  plastic card, e-wallet,  SWIFT 
transfer, SEPA transfer, and multiple cryptocurrencies.

By essentially putting a miniature bank in the hands of every user, C3 
eliminates the need to manage customer funds in order to offer financial 
services. Through the C3 platform, users are able to interact directly with 
third-party financial services without giving up the control of their assets. 

Moving forward, C3 will add a multitude of external financial services that 
users can access directly through the C3 platform. 

With C3 platform users will be able to do what was once only possible 
by signing up with a number of separate financial companies, including 
storage and transfer of wealth, direct deposit of salaries and automated 
bill pay, investment and management of stocks, bonds, and digital assets, 
loans and mortgages and future financial services.

The modular design of the system gives the opportunity to provide access 
to such a wide range of services without overwhelming the user with wallet 
features and without  harming the user experience in general. The client 
adds only the needed services by installing wallet extensions from the add-
ons directory.

We offer a Crypto Credit Card with an accompanying 
C3 Wallet —a mobile wallet that can be funded not only 
with Bitcoin (BTC) and Ether (ETH) but also with any 
cryptocurrency.

THE SOLUTION



9

C3 payment facilities, which include a physical and a virtual credit card, can be 
used in almost 200 countries at over 36 million points of acceptance today. This is 
possible as we have card issuance partnerships with major credit card companies.
C3 integration solution consists of a card and wallet enabling to  exchange multiple 
currencies at the lowest rates. It can be used to manage inbound remittances. 

Banks have no access to credit extensions, associations, or contracts that can 
enable them to exchange and send funds internationally. The payments they might 
need to make are small, yet it is hard to find a practical approach to send cash. 

C3 Wallet is a multi asset cryptocurrency wallet that can be used with a credit 
card worldwide .
Multi-Asset Account allows customer to get access to all the accounts in different 
banks, as well as to all crypto wallets and investment tools via one application. It 
will be easy to quickly transfer resources from one fiat currency to another or from 
fiat currency to a digital currency and vice versa. Moreover, transaction costs will 
be reduced substantially.

We aim to provide a platform that combines secure backend infrastructure with  
a highly understandable interface. Simple sign-up, instant access, direct payment 
processing, asset mobility, and unparalleled customer support are defining features 
of our vision for the platform. 
All functions of our platform, from the usual activities related to account management 
to opening an account, document upload, loan scoring and insurance, will be 
created as single microservices.
 All these services together with the services of affiliate partners will be working 
via API and all will be available to our clients via secure channel.



10

UNIQUENESS 
OF THE PROJECT

SERVICES AND FEATURES:

MOBILE BANKING

The C3 mobile banking will allow to:

Make purchases internationally. A platform user will be able to issue a Crypto 
Credit Card for paying both online and through existing payment terminals 
around the world (Apple Pay or Android Pay). The card issue is $20 (or 1 CCCR 
token), service fee will not be charged during the first year, then, it will be $10 
per annum. Payments will be possible to make in the ‘active account’ currency, 
which means that the user decides which account to link to the payment card for 
making transactions. 

Transfer money to other users without commission. We will develop our own 
settlement system. Transfers between the users will be free and instant.

Receive cashback. When paying for goods and services of C3 partners with 
a Crypto Credit Card, up to 30% of the amount spent will be refunded. 

Convert currency. Convert cryptocurrency into fiat and back with only 2% 
commission of the transaction amount. 

Card management. 
The user can order a C3 Card, a virtual or a physical plastic card, directly within 
the C3 wallet App. As a security measure, we allow the user to lock and unlock 
his card through the C3 wallet App.

IBAN
Mobile banking
Access to secure crypto wallets 
Transfers and Payments 
Withdrawals 
Fiat Currency Conversion 
Crypto Currency Conversion 
Loans
Add-ons Platform with wide range of extensions
C3 digital currency exchange



11

CRYPTO 
CREDIT 
CARD

CRYPTO CREDIT CARD —Crypto Credit Card is an ideal option to withdraw funds 
for cryptocurrency traders, miners, Internet marketers, webmasters, and freelancers. It 
can be used easily and quickly regardless of geographical and banking boundaries. In 
addition to these benefits, the Crypto Credit Card also enables entrepreneurs to make 
payouts to their staff without bearing excess transaction fees, saving both time and 
money in the process.
The user will be able to open several accounts tied to different currencies and select  
an ‘active account’ through which he or she can make purchases. The card issue is 
free, service will not be charged during the first year, then it will be $10 per year.

CASHBACK
We plan to integrate C3 into all major retail chains, hypermarkets, cafes, restaurants 
and service centers for establishing joint affiliate programs. When paying for goods 
and services with Crypto Credit Card in these places up to 30% of the amount spent 
will be refunded. We have already reached agreements with partners to organize joint 
programs at international level.

CRYPTO CURRENCY CONVERSION
C3 app will operate as cryptocurrency gateway – it will convert fiat into cryptocurrency 
and back to fiat.
The C3 wallet app will be seamlessly integrated with the C3 trading platform in order to 
execute exchange requests from our clients. For our clients the operation of exchange 
between fiat and cryptocurrency accounts will be as simple as transfer money from 
one fiat account to another.



12

WALLET 
ADD-ONS 
DIRECTORY 

All functions of our platform, from the usual activities related to the account 
management, to opening an account, document upload, loan scoring and insurance 
will be created as single microservices. All these services together with the services 
of our integration partners will be working via API and all will be available to our 
clients in the add-ons directory.

User will be able to access installed add-ons straight in the main user interface of 
our wallet app, both for desktop and mobile. Customer will be able to browse the 
directory and install required extension into his or her account.

The synergy and smooth integration of financial tools and broad range of external 
services creates numerous valuable solutions for our customers. C3 will provide 
an add-ons marketplace for users of our wallet apps. Add-ons will extend the 
functionality of C3 wallet with only those services that the customer has interest 
in. Add-ons can provide any kind of financial services – it could be assurance, 
investment, trading or anything else. 

There will be both in-house and 3rd party add-ons available for extending the 
C3 wallet functionality. The wallet will come with a few pre-installed add-ons to 
familiarize the user with the wallet capabilities and engage in the ecosystem.



13

A key feature of the extension is the monitoring and aggregation of the best 
offers in the consumer credit and microcredit markets. The project is unique by 
introducing blockchain technologies to provide alternative options for choosing 
credit instruments. 

With our loan search tool C3 empowers the loan seeker to make decisions based 
on informed and efficient financial data. Finding a loan offer that perfectly suits 
client’s needs  used to take months of applications with banks in person – and 
even today, one can spend hours going through all the different providers online 
– now it takes only a few moments with C3.

The app is aimed to take the entire loan borrowing process online starting from 
lead origination, credit evaluation, helping customers to choose the right product 
from the appropriate lending organization, application login, sanctions and 
right through loan disbursal.

And that is why C3 is revolutionizing the loan marketplace by giving end-users the 
power to choose and tailor services according to their needs and requirements. 
A personal loan can be a great way to save thousands of dollars on debt and 
build up credit. In addition, it can be used for a consolidating debt at a lower 
interest rate or finance a large purchase.

 Our recommendation engine matches consumers with loan offers using self-
reported and third-party data, with the goal of providing pre-approved and pre-
qualified users who are in-market for the financial product. C3 loan aggregator 
is the best way to search and compare online finance products and services, 
from all the top providers at once, in seconds, including real-time pre-approval.
C3 mobile banking will enable the clients to select all the credit offers from all 
bank partners and activate them in one click.

LOANS 
AGGREGATOR%



14

Unlike classic consumer crediting, crypto crediting is supported by the 
cryptocurrency balance on the C3 account, guaranteeing a minimum interest 
rate, the ability to release funds from cryptocurrencies to fiats for daily spending, 
and simultaneously earning profits from the cryptocurrency.

The growth of cryptocurrency price index will help to ensure a non-interest-bearing 
use of credit funds. The client at any time can close a credit or part of it and pick 
up the cryptocurrency being pledged. Thus, the repayment of the principal and 
interest can be covered by the cryptocurrency index growth, which will be able to 
settlement debt in passive mode without the need to refinance the debt or to find 
other repayment options. 

POSSIBILITY OF PASSIVE 
REPAYMENT OF INTEREST 
AND PRINCIPAL

Within the C3 app the user creates separate accounts for fiat and 
cryptocurrencies. 

User specifies the default fiat account for payments with the 
Crypto Credit Card.

The payment will be made in the ‘active account’ currency, which means 
that the user decides which account to link to the payment card for making 
transactions.

Then, the user sets the secondary account that will be used if there are no 
sufficient funds on the primary.

If that account is a cryptocurrency wallet, the system will stake the needed 
sum as a security for a loan in fiat instead of exchanging (selling) the 
crypto assets.

1

HOW DOES CRYPTO CREDIT WORK

Cryptocurrency holders don’t tend to spend their crypto assets. They are 
considered to be a very profitable investment now. So when they need 
funds for spending instead of selling their crypto assets they can take  
a crypto backed loan.

2

3

4

5

Depending on the type of the users credit card the loan will last a certain period 
of time. Then, if it doesn’t get refunded or prolonged the cryptocurrency account 
will be charged with the corresponding sum.



15

C3 EXCHANGE 
AND PAMM 
ACCOUNT

C3 will create its own digital currency exchange that will allow customers to 
trade digital currencies. 
The C3-PAMM Account is an investment service that gives investors the chance 
to make money without trading themselves and allows managers to earn 
additional income for managing client funds.

The manager begins to trade in the account using both his personal capital and 
the funds of his    investors. Profits and losses on the account are divided among 
the manager and investors, based on their share in the account.
If the manager earns profit, the amount of funds on the PAMM account increases 
and the profit is distributed between the manager and the investors based on 
the amount of their initial investments.

The investors pay the manager some part of their profit in compensation. The 
size of the compensation is specified by the manager in his Proposal and 
depends on the amount of invested funds.

Another feature of the project is the possibility of using cryptocurrency pledged 
by its placement in trust management funds. The trust management service will 
be implemented on the C3 platform. Professional traders will be able to generate 
profits up to 20% a month from the amount placed in cryptocurrency. This will 
allow the client to repay the principal and interest in passive mode.



16

PSD2 

We use the directive PSD2, thanks to which the user does not have to open 
accounts in multiple banks. Through our aggregator of credit offers, people will 
get access to all accounts of European banks. No more restrictions for interbank 
transfers, C3 opens up new opportunities!

Information technology requires financial institutions to provide access to their 
various products and services through application programming interfaces 
(APIs).



17

MARKET 
STRATEGY

We developed a marketing plan aimed to quickly build awareness of the C3 
platform and rapidly gain recognition in the target market. C3 user acquisition 
plan is based on a number of key strategies that will be employed over the next 3 
years; with strong focus on social media advertising.

Today, for participants of the credit service sales sector, the main benefits of digital 
transformation are in a multiple reduction of costs and acceleration of the introduction 
of new products to the market. The creation of partnerships or cooperation with 
companies in related areas also allows to access new client segments. 

We believe that giving people additional opportunities to earn through engaging 
with the platform will incentivize client participation, retention, and enthusiasm. 
It also ensures more liquidity within the engine, which keeps spreads low and 
generates higher overall volumes. 
We intend for users to be rewarded for participation in CCCR token crowdsale, 
and for the scope of rewarded activities to grow and change as the platform 
develops. At release of the platform users will be rewarded for simply signing up 
and creating a wallet, installing extensions and referring friends.

PARTNERSHIPS AND INTEGRATION with blockchain startups 
within the developer program. The application developer will have 
the chance to attract his own client base, as well as to use our 
already existing base of clients and partners

 
BRANDED CARDS
distributed through partners network

REFERRAL PROGRAM

FRANCHISE

REWARDS FOR USER ON-BOARDING



18

ROADMAP

15.11.17 - 29.11.17 
Presale

04.12.17 - 31.05.18
ICO

Q1 2018 
Closed Beta Version

Q1 2018
We plan to introduce a customer service 
and support service to consult clients on 
account maintenance, account opening 
and other advice on the functioning of 
the platform

Q3 2018
Loan aggregator extension

Q2-Q3 2018 
Payment system license 

Q2 2018 (beginning) 
Card issuance 

Q2 2018
Open Beta Version

Q3 2018
C3 PAMM extension

Q2-Q3 2018
We plan to expand the number 
of credit alternatives (including 
crypto credit and microcredit) for 
our clients. We cooperate with 
banks to attract credit offers at the 
international level

Q4 2018
Banking license

2016
Market Research



19

CCCR 
TОКЕН

Token Name

Blockchain Platform

Token Standard

Regulation

Smart Contract

Token Price during crowdsale

Minimum Limit 
of tokens purchase

Maximum Limit 
of tokens purchase

Accepter Currencies

CCCR

Ethereum

Erc20

All of the unsold tokens will be destroyed 
according to the smart contract

Open, on Ethereum blockchain

04.12 -31.03  CCCR token =$1
01.04 -15.04  CCCR  token= $1.25
16.04 - 30.04  CCCR token = $1.5
01.05 -14.05  CCCR token = $1.75
15.05 - 31.05  CCCR token = $2

10

NO limits

BTC, ETH, LTC, DASH, FTC, BLK, RDD, 
DOGE



20

TOKEN PRICE 
GROWTH

DEMAND FOR TOKEN WILL GROW AS THE USERBASE EXPANDS 
    
CCCR will be available for purchase on the major exchanges and on the C3X. 
To get access to C3 services users will buy tokens pushing price higher until it’s 
valuation will achieve a balance of supply and demand.    
  
LAUNCH OF THE CRYPTO CREDIT CARD SALES UPON HITTING 
EXCHANGE 

In order to obtain the Crypto Credit Card the user needs to deposit CCCR token in 
the system. the card issue price is $20, but it will be available for only 1 CCCR.

ALL UNSOLD TOKENS WILL BE BURNT     
 
After the closing date of crowdsale all tokens remaining unsold will be destroyed.

50% OF COMPANY’S PROFIT FROM CASHBACK WILL BE USED TO 
BUY TOKENS ON THE EXCHANGE
 



21

ICO

For the C3 platform to move forward into the operational stage, the Token Sale 
must reach its soft cap of $ 3 million. In the case that the Token Sale fails to 
reach this minimum, C3 purchasers will be granted a refund.

WHY DO WE NEED AN ICO

ICO will be part of the marketing strategy to promote the company and 
its products. With the help of ICO, we plan not only to raise funds for the 
development and promotion of the platform, but also to familiarize the market 
and help understand the advantages and possibilities of the new product.

ALLOCATION OF FUNDS

All the collected funds will be accumulated on a C3 separate account.

 At the end of the ICO, it will be possible to use the C3 platform products and 
services and exchange a token for a Crypto Credit Card.

 In order to manage purchased tokens, users will have an access to their personal 
account in C3 multi-currency wallet.

 If BTC or another cryptocurrency came to the project wallet after the actual end 
of the ICO, it will be returned to the sender’s wallet at the current exchange rate 
without conversion.

 At the end of the ICO, CCCR token will be freely traded on all crypto exchange 
markets. We plan to list our tokens on several major exchange markets within a 
month at the end of the ICO. 

Part of the C3 tokens distributed between the members of our team will not be 
available for trading in the secondary market within three months from the end 
of the ICO. Thus, we plan to cover the risk of falling prices of tokens.

The distribution of funds raised during the ICO:

During the ICO campaign, 55% of the tokens will be distributed among the 
participants. The CCCR token is an utility token to be used in the operation of 
the first crypto credit aggregator and card processing – C3 Platform, as well as 
in other ways described below:



22

1. C3 PLATFORM COMMISSION WILL BE PAID IN CCCR TOKENS.

C3 operating activity is starting in March 2018 after beta test stage completion. Payment of 
the commission by all C3 ecosystem clients will be accepted in CCCR tokens. We anticipate 
that an increase in the number of participants of the C3 platform will lead to an increase in 
the number of transactions and, accordingly, the total amount of commissions charged on 
them. Thus, C3 platform clients will have to buy CCCR tokens and pay the commission. 

If a C3 platform user has no opportunity to buy C3 tokens on the exchange market or 
elsewhere, we will provide an opportunity to purchase the required number of tokens on the 
exchange market. Thus, an increase in the number of participants will lead to an increase in 
demand for C3 tokens and, as a result, an increase in their value.

2.  POSSIBILITY TO PAY BANK INTEREST AND OTHER     
     СRYPTOCREDITCARD SERVICES BY CCCR TOKENS.

We plan to incorporate the possibility to pay bank interest and even principal in CCCR 
tokens. Platform services, for example, crypto bank, crypto mobile banking or crypto broker 
will be possible to use employing CCCR. Crypto Credit Card issue price is only 1 token (or 
$20 for non-holders of CCCR tokens). 

3. FOR OUR CLIENTS WE FIX THE PRICE OF OUR SERVICES IN FIAT 
    CURRENCY. 

As we forecast the growth of a CCCR token, for a token holder purchasing them now, during 
the ICO, with tokens price increase, the cost of C3 services would decrease. 

4. CCCR TOKENS TURNOVER AT BROKERS’ AND EXCHANGE 
    MARKETS. 

Within three months after the completion of the ICO, we plan to add a CCCR token to all the 
most famous exchange markets, as well as brokers and exchange markets that will become 
our ecosystem participants. 

We expect a great demand from other financial institutions for the data service flow  
of the C3 aggregator. At the same time, the commission for operations will be paid in CCCR 
tokens, which will lead to a significant increase in demand.

5. PROFIT FROM PAYING COMMISSIONS 
    ON THE EXCHANGE С3Х IN CCCR TOKENS

Commissions on the C3X Exchange can be paid both in cryptocurrency and CCCR tokens. 
The CCCR token is used by default when paying commissions and gives the user a 50% 
discount.



23

TEAM&ADVISORS

Our team consists of more than 40 specialists, experts in banking, credit products 
sale, blockchain solution and IT developers. 

C3 Team has great experience in building relationships with banks and payment 
gateways, establishing international partnerships, managing liquidity, working 
with regulators, analyzing markets, developing trading systems, and growing  
a dedicated user base.



24

CryptoCreditCard.io
123317 Moscow,

Presnenskaya nab. 6, str.2


