




































CRYPTOPAY
Central Entry Point to a

Decentralised World

Whitepaper

25 September 2017

Final Version



……………………………………………………………………………………………

01Legal Disclaimer .…………………………………………………………………………………………………………

14CPAY Initial Token Sale ..………………………………………………………………………………………

24Financial Highlights ………………………………………………………………………………………………

26Conclusion ………………..………………………………………………………………………………………………

14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
21
22

General Overview
Purpose of CPAY ICO
Milestones
CPAY Pre-sale
ICO
Distribution Structure
CPAY ICO Bonus Schedule
Token Holders Rewards
Foundation and CPAY Team Vesting
CPAY Initial Token Sale Procedure

………………………………………………………………………………………………………
…………..……………………………………………………………………………………

………………………………………………………………………...…………………………………………
………………………………………………………………………………………………………………

…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………
…...……………………………………………………………………………………………

………………………………………………………………………………………
………….…………………………………………………………………………………

………………………………………………………………………
.…………………………………………………………………………

02Risk statement .……………………………………………………………………………………………………………

03Restricted Areas ..…..……………………………………………………………………………………………………

04Introduction ..….…………………….………………………………………………………………………………………

05About the company……..………………………..……………………………………………………………………

06Cryptopay Management ……………………………………………………………………………………………

24Cryptopay Current Financials ..…………………………………………………………………………………

24Financial Projections .…………………………………………………………………………………………………

07Advisers ………………..………………………………………………………………………………………………………

08Cryptopay Products ...…………………………………………………………………………………………………

08Existing products ………………………………………………………………………………………………………

22

22

23

Registration

Purchasing CPAY Tokens

CPAY Token Listing

…………….…………………………………………………………………………………………………
..…………………………………………………………………………………………

...…………………………………………………………………………………………………

10Products Under Development ………..…………………………………………………………………………

10

11

12

Brokerage Services

Current Accounts and Banking Services

P2P Marketplace ...……………………………………………………………………………………………………
..…………………………………………………………………

………………………………………..…………………………………………………………

08

08

10

Bitcoin Wallet

CPAY Prepaid Card

Merchant Processing …………………………………………………………………………………………………
………………………………………………………………………………………………………

……………………………………………………………………………………………………………

05Short Summary ….………………………………………………………………………………………………………..



Legal Disclaimer
Please read the following notice carefully before proceeding to read this 

Whitepaper document issued by CPAY Foundation Limited, an exempted 

company incorporated and existing under the laws of the Cayman Islands 

(hereinafter – “Distributor”). This notice applies to all persons who read this 

document. Please note this notice may be altered or updated.

The Whitepaper does not constitute any relations between you (hereinafter – 

“you” or “Holder”) and the Distributor. Acquiring of the CPAY tokens is available 

only after accepting the Terms of tokensale (hereinafter – “T&C”).

Acquisition of CPAY cryptographic tokens does not present an exchange of 

cryptocurrencies for any form of ordinary shares of the Distributor and a Holder 

of CPAY cryptographic tokens is not entitled to any guaranteed form of dividend, 

Holders of CPAY tokens are only entitled to certain rights within the T&C.

CPAY tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This 

Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort, and 

is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investments 

in securities in any jurisdiction.

This Whitepaper is for information purposes only. The contents of this 

Whitepaper are not a financial promotion. Therefore, none of the contents of this 

Whitepaper serves as an invitation or inducement to engage in any sort of 

investment activity.

Prospective acquirers of СPAY tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all 

risks and uncertainties associated with the cryptocurrencies, Cryptopay Ltd and 

their respective businesses and operations, the CPAY tokens and the CPAY Initial 

Coin Offering. Familiarize yourself with all the information set out in this 

Whitepaper, Risk Notice and the T&C prior to any purchase of CPAY tokens.

Ensure that you are aware of all of the would be risks prior to obtaining CPAY. 

The Risk Statement details all potential risks that you should consider. We 

recommend that you seek out independent financial advice before engaging in 

any sort of business endeavor.

01ICO Cryptopay White paper



Risk Statement
No regulatory authority has examined or approved any of the information set out 

in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, 

regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution 

or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, 

regulatory requirements, or rules have been complied.

To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, 

CPAY Foundation limited and its affiliates and their respective officers, 

employees or agents will, in relation to the website and CPAY tokens, not be 

liable for any damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, direct, 

consequential, incidental, special or indirect damages (including but not limited 

to lost profits, loss of revenue or third party loss whether foreseeable or 

otherwise, trading losses or damages that result from use or loss of use of the 

website and CPAY Tokens).

For the avoidance of doubt, The Distributor expressly disclaims any and all 

responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind 

whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from: (i) reliance on any information 

contained in this document, (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such 

information, (iii) any action resulting therefrom, or (iv) usage or acquisition of 

products, available through the website.

You acknowledge and agree that you are not purchasing CPAY tokens for 

purposes of investment, speculation, as some type of arbitrage strategy, for 

immediate resale or other financial purposes.

Some of the statements in the Whitepaper include forward-looking statements 

which reflect the Distributor's current views with respect to execution roadmap, 

financial performance, business strategy and future plans, both with respect to 

the Distributor and the sectors and industries in which the Distributor operates. 

Statements which include the words ''expects'', ''plans'', ''believes'', ''projects'', 

''anticipates'', ''will'', ''aims'', ''may'', ''would'', ''could'', ''continue'' and similar 

statements are of a future or forward-looking nature. All forward-looking 

statements address matters that involve risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, 

there are or will be important factors that could cause the Distributor’s actual 

results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. These 

factors include but are not limited to those described in the part of the T&C 

entitled ''Risks'', which should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary 

statements that are included in the T&C. Any forward-looking statements in the 

Whitepaper reflect the Distributor’s current views with respect to future events 

and are subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating 

to the Distributor’s operations, results of operations and growth strategy. These 

forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the Whitepaper. 

Prospective buyers of the CPAY tokens should specifically consider the factors 

identified in the Whitepaper and T&C which could cause actual results to differ 

before making a purchase decision. No statement in the Whitepaper is intended 

as a profit forecast and no statement in the Whitepaper should be interpreted to 

mean that the earnings of the Distributor for the current or future years would be 

as may be implied in this Whitepaper.

02ICO Cryptopay White paper



results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. These 

factors include but are not limited to those described in the part of the T&C 

entitled ''Risks'', which should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary 

statements that are included in the T&C. Any forward-looking statements in the 

Whitepaper reflect the Distributor’s current views with respect to future events 

and are subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating 

to the Distributor’s operations, results of operations and growth strategy. These 

forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the Whitepaper. 

Prospective buyers of the CPAY tokens should specifically consider the factors 

identified in the Whitepaper and T&C which could cause actual results to differ 

before making a purchase decision. No statement in the Whitepaper is intended 

as a profit forecast and no statement in the Whitepaper should be interpreted to 

mean that the earnings of the Distributor for the current or future years would be 

as may be implied in this Whitepaper.

Citizens, residents (tax or otherwise), or green card holders, of the United States 

of America are ineligible to purchase any CPAY tokens in the CPAY Initial Coin 

Offering (as referred in this Whitepaper). The same pertains for residents of the 

Republic of Singapore and Canada.

Participation in the CPAY Initial Coin Offering for:

This Whitepaper, or any part thereof, as well as any copies, must not be taken or 

transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper 

is prohibited or restricted.

• UK citizens or residents will be restricted to self-certified sophisticated 

investors only.

• Hong Kong citizens or residents will be restricted to professional investors 

only.

03ICO Cryptopay White paper

Risk Statement (continued)

Restricted Areas



Introduction
As the popularity and mainstream acceptance of blockchain and digital assets 

increase, traditional investors have been looking for more exposure to these 

digital assets and blockchain based technologies. However, many things can be 

“lost in translation” when it comes to integrating the digital currency world and 

the world of traditional finances. Providing a seamless exchange between crypto 

and conventional assets is the underlying philosophy behind Cryptopay 

expansion and Initial Coin Offering (ICO).

Investors, who use digital currencies, currently have to interact with several 

counterparties to successfully manage their risks and portfolio. These 

counterparties being traditional banks, payment networks and financial services 

companies. The majority of them don’t understand the nature of digital 

currencies, which can cause frustration, account freezes, losses and not to 

mention the various inefficiencies that come with moving between the different 

asset classes.

With the emergence of blockchain, a growing number of users and businesses 

are beginning to struggle leveraging the existing infrastructure in order to 

manage the transfer of funds between physical and virtual platforms.

As of now, Cryptopay provides the ability to spend, save, and transact digital 

currencies. The Cryptopay wallet allows users to effortless trade between bitcoin 

and fiat currencies, specifically the GBP, USD, and the EUR. This wallet service is 

complemented by a prepaid card that lets users quickly access funds stored in 

cryptocurrencies. Soon hereafter, we are launching the a service that will allow 

users access to equities and the ability to own current accounts.

04ICO Cryptopay White paper



About the company

• Established in 2013;

• Headquarter is based in London;

• Three offices worldwide;

• 56 full-time employees;

• More than 450,000 users registered;

• More than 91,000 cards issued.

• Monthly volume of transactions is over 22 mln EUR with a sustainable 

growing trend;

• Profitable and cash flow positive since 2016;

• Fully compliant with EU Data protection legislation;

• FCA registered small payment institution;

• PCI-DSS Level 1 certified.

Short Summary

Cryptopay has been in operation since 2013 and is one of the longest running 

digital currency service providers in Europe. It has a broad range of services for 

the digital currency world - starting with merchant services for bitcoin 

transactions and building on that to a full digital assets wallet with prepaid card 

and payment services.

Here are some facts about Cryptopay’s current business:

We are now raising funds to finance the development of new products, acquire 

appropriate licenses in Europe and Asia and provide necessary working capital 

all on the basis of the existing Cryptopay products and infrastructure.

05ICO Cryptopay White paper



Cryptopay Management

George Basiladze

Founder

MsC in finance, George has had various research analytical 

experience at different Russian investment firms and also holds an 

in-depth knowledge of financial systems. Experienced professional 

with PE/VC and corporate finance background, passionate on 

starting new products or act as an adviser for other founders 

regarding strategy, business modeling, valuation and fundraising.

Dmitry Gunyashov

Founder

Dmitry is a long-term bitcoin supporter and has been involved with 

the bitcoin community for more than 5 years. Dmitry has a 7+ years 

history in building e-commerce businesses and successfully 

managed the development work of multiple payment systems in the 

past.

Eric Benz

Managing Director

With over ten years of experience in fintech, Eric has delivered 

innovative SaaS systems for the biggest institutions around 

payments, identity, and banking infrastructure. Ever since hopping 

on the blockchain wave in 2012, Eric has been involved in a number 

of blockchain fintech businesses both as an investor and as a board 

director.

06ICO Cryptopay White paper



Advisers

Marc Kenigsberg

Founder of BitcoinChaser

A firm believer in Bitcoin since 2013, Marc operates various Bitcoin 

websites and projects. He is a veteran of the gambling industry with 

15 years experience in various marketing roles and also an affiliate 

in the financial space and operates industry leading financial portals.

Artem Tolkachev

Director in Deloitte

Artem has a broad legal expertise in the area of fintech and internet 

content projects. He has supported the activities of the largest 

mPOS solutions in CIS and Russia. Artem has developed the legal 

infrastructure for a range of payment systems, some of which 

include crypto.

Christian Papathanasiou

CEO at GCX LTD

Christian has managed some of the largest application security 

programmes in the world for financial services institutions. He has 

sat on various board risk committees, set enterprise wide IT security 

standards and worked with regulators in the UK, US and Singapore.

Jon Matonis

Founder of Bitcoin Foundation

A blockchain evangelist, a fintech professional, founding director of 

Bitcoin Foundation, Jon has spent years working, writing and 

creating global networks.

07ICO Cryptopay White paper



Advisers (continued)

Cryptopay Products

Existing products

Bitcoin Wallet

The Cryptopay wallet is the core product that lays as the foundation to all 

existing fee-generating services. We offer a hosted bitcoin wallet (Ethereum, 

LiteCoin and Ripple coming soon) and integrated simple exchange services.

For even further convenience, Cryptopay introduced Flex accounts - instant 

exchange options. Whenever a user sends bitcoins to one of these fiat 

denominated accounts, bitcoins are instantly converted and do not require any 

additional manual conversions.

CPAY Prepaid Card

The Cryptopay prepaid card was launched in early 2015, and was one of the first 

digital currency cards on the market. At that time, the card was the first real tool 

that brought bitcoin to the mainstream. It allows any bitcoin holder to spend their 

coins, online or otherwise, anywhere that accepts traditional payment cards. 

This, paired with the digital wallet, allowed users to utilize their bitcoins in day-to-

day life.

Cryptopay acts as an intermediary that links the card issuer, the bitcoin wallet, 

compliance services and the bitcoin exchange. Cryptopay allows users to have a 

single point of access to the complex financial and technical infrastructure in a 

user friendly way.

In 2017, we started doing business with a new card issuer, and have developed 

the second generation of the Cryptopay debit card. Acting as a program 

manager, we are registered with the card scheme and certified under PCI-DSS.

08ICO Cryptopay White paper

George Piskov

Director at Unistream Bank

Dr. George Piskov serves as a Managing Director of Uniastrum 

Capital Limited (UCL). Under his supervision, the system has made 

outstanding progress internationally, becoming an efficient and well 

developed money transfers network.

Adriaan Brink

Founder of Earthport

A Seasoned company director and entrepreneur with 25 years of 

experience in online gaming and payments software development. 

Adriaan is seen as a pioneer in both online gaming and payment 

processing.



CPAY Prepaid Card (continued)

that brought bitcoin to the mainstream. It allows any bitcoin holder to spend their 

coins, online or otherwise, anywhere that accepts traditional payment cards. 

This, paired with the digital wallet, allowed users to utilize their bitcoins in day-to-

day life.

Cryptopay acts as an intermediary that links the card issuer, the bitcoin wallet, 

compliance services and the bitcoin exchange. Cryptopay allows users to have a 

single point of access to the complex financial and technical infrastructure in a 

user friendly way.

In 2017, we started doing business with a new card issuer, and have developed 

the second generation of the Cryptopay prepaid card. Acting as a program 

manager, we are registered with the card scheme and certified under PCI-DSS.

Funding from clients AML/KYC Customer support UX/UI Dispute resolution

Issuer processor

Card issuing

Payment processing

Fund segregation

BIN sponsor

Reporting and complience

Card scheme settlement

Funds segregation

Card bureau

Card production

Card personalization

Card delivery and handling

CPAY

The second generation of our card has been completely redesigned. Not only 

has the physical design of the card been updated, but we’ve improved how it 

works, and it’s backed by a different technology stack:

• NFC enabled - the world’s first contactless bitcoin prepaid card;

• Cards have higher ATM withdrawal limit;

09ICO Cryptopay White paper



CPAY Prepaid Card (continued)

Merchant Processing

Brokerage Services

• Cryptopay verification now takes less than one business day and doesn’t 

require any review by the issuing bank.

As of now, we have issued more than 91,000 cards, both plastic and virtual. 

The bitcoin payment gateway was the first product released by Cryptopay in 

2013. We began providing high risk merchants (gaming, gambling, etc.) with the 

ability to accept/send bitcoin as a payment channel without the risk of holding 

bitcoins. Most merchants use our API with SLA guarantee and we have 

developed features to meet their specific needs.

Featured clients:

Payment processing is a product with a long-term development strategy that 

heavily relies on sales and business development. From a commercial 

standpoint, the revenue from this business stream is driven by the adoption of 

bitcoin and in the long run this will affect other revenue streams through various 

cross-sell business opportunities.

The recent dramatic valuation of different popular digital currencies have 

generated a lot of wealth for early adopters. From the long term perspective, 

many digital currencies holders will eventually have to reduce their exposure to 

digital currencies due to many reasons - starting from liquidity preferences to 

changing attitudes of perceived risk. We soon expect to see many investors shift 

the holdings of their portfolio from digital currencies to traditional financial assets 

- stocks, bonds, derivatives and even term deposits.

Products Under Development

10ICO Cryptopay White paper



Brokerage Services (continued)

Current Accounts and Banking Services

We believe that we will benefit traditional asset managers/brokers as they will 

get interest from relatively young, but wealthy individuals. However, due to 

compliance reasons, much of the shift of wealth will be followed by multiple 

issues - asset freezes, compliance checks, bank account shutdowns, etc. 

Traditional financial institutions neither understand this new generation of clients 

nor can they serve them in the right manner.

Our focus is to provide traditional financial services to the digital currencies 

community in a secure and compliant way. Users of Cryptopay brokerage 

services will be able to move holdings from bitcoin, to say, Apple stocks within a 

single account and without any additional effort.

As a regulated entity with payments and prepaid cards we are in the best 

position to combine a high level of service that our users love with regulatory 

requirements.

At the moment, making and receiving payment from a bitcoin related source 

(bitcoin exchange, broker or platform) is liable to end up in a compliance 

nightmare. Yet again, traditional financial services companies do not understand 

digital currencies and whenever there is an inflow of funds from that space 

issues arise. Many cryptocurrency traders and miners dream of a bank account 

that understands the nature of their business, and is able to provide at the very 

least, basic payment services. However, even in Europe, it is difficult to obtain 

and maintain a bank account that is associated with digital currencies.

Cryptopay plans to provide its clients’ payment accounts with an IBAN attached 

to it and the account will be in the name of the customer, rather than Cryptopay. 

Bridging these two distant worlds together will create a place where the digital 

currencies community will be able to hold, save, and transact with its fiat 

holdings without fear of getting their current accounts shut down. Thus, we 

believe that providing complementary services like brokerage and a contactless 

prepaid card we will be able to retain customers and new customers will switch 

their current banking provider in favor of Cryptopay.

11ICO Cryptopay White paper



P2P Marketplace

Without a doubt, the market of ICOs and fundraising through such ICOs is here 

to stay. Now the market is in its early days. Lack of investor protection and 

presence of fraudulent market players discourages many investors to participate 

while putting the larger market at risk.

We believe that regulations do not necessarily mean that ICOs would not be 

allowed or banned. For more conscientious projects, commencing an ICO on a 

regulated marketplace provides the opportunity to reach more investors, due to 

transparency of the marketplace and clear investor protection mechanisms.

Once our previous fundraising goals are met and the projects connected with 

those goals are implemented, Cryptopay will have enough resources and 

underlying infrastructure to establish a regulated marketplace for ICOs without 

sacrificing the spirit of decentralisation promoted by blockchain. Getting a 

brokerage and a payment license means establishing sound dialogue with the 

regulator. Having raised enough funds would prove in eyes of the regulator, that 

our project has enough resources and investor demand to continue moving it 

further.

Cryptopay will liaise with a reputable regulator in continental Europe to find the 

best regulatory and legal framework that is most conducive with success. Critical 

functions like trading, price discovery and settlement / clearing will be taken care 

of by subsidiaries that were established by funds, raised on the previous 

milestones. Other critical functions, like authorisation, audit and legal services 

would be provided through partners from well established and reputable 

professional firms. On top of that, we will run and underwrite ICOs and perform 

legal due diligence, mandatory escrow and provide IR / communication platform 

for projects. Some existing, well known tokens will be added to the platform to 

drive the adoption and attract new investors. At the same time, many roles, like 

register and listing authorisation / depositary would be performed by the 

ethereum blockchain itself.

Retail investors will be able to invest in a broad range of tokenized securities, 

create custom investment portfolios and get insights and reports though 

Cryptopay investment research department. 

Accompanied with a debit card this is the perfect solution not just to invest, but 

also to keep investments liquid.
12ICO Cryptopay White paper



P2P Marketplace (continued)

Accompanied with a prepaid card this is the perfect solution not just to invest, 

but also to keep investments liquid.

13ICO Cryptopay White paper



CPAY Initial Token Sale
General Overview

An Initial Token Sale or Initial Coin Offering (hereinafter - "ICO") is the event at 

which a cryptocurrency project sells part of its cryptocurrency tokens to early 

adopters and enthusiasts in exchange for funding. For the party offering the 

tokens for sale, this provides a proven methodology for raising funds and 

ensuring adoption of the tokens once they are in circulation and is a popular way 

to upscale an existing product or service. On the other hand, for the purchasers 

of tokens, ICO is an opportunity to participate in the early development of 

cryptocurrency business.

Initial Coin Offerings ("ICOs") have quickly grown to account for more startup 

funding in blockchain-based companies than all of Venture Capital. Nearly $2.3 

billion has been raised to date in ICOs, with the large majority of that taking 

place in the first half of 2017.

The massive increase in the value of cryptocurrencies significantly contributed to 

the growth of ICO market during the last year. The market capitalization of all 

Cryptocurrency has risen from $7 billion in January of 2016 to over $130 billion 

as of now in September 2017.

Bitcoin has appreciated nearly 30X since September of 2013 ($135 USD per 

Bitcoin), reaching over $4,000 per Bitcoin in September of 2017. In part, this is 

due to Bitcoin’s role as the most widely known, used, and accepted 

cryptocurrency for payments.

Ether has appreciated more than 100X since August of 2015 ($2.83 USD), 

reaching over $300 in September of 2017. In part, this has been due to Ether’s 

role as the core utility token of Ethereum - the most widely used blockchain-

based computing platform for ICO’s / token sales.

ICOs are a way for early cryptocurrency holders to diversify their holdings using 

the cryptocurrency itself.

In the last year we’ve seen an incredible move by startups and founders towards 

use of blockchain technology and tokenized models. Rather than building new 

products on centralized architectures and database structures, an incredible 

wave of new development and innovation is happening on blockchain 

technology to kick off new decentralized services and models.

There’s a deep technical community running full speed towards a blockchain-

based future, with experienced technology company founders jumping in to the 

fray with blockchain. A majority of the ICOs you’re seeing today are for new 

companies, who are yet to launch their products to the market.

We’re also starting to see the ICO and tokenization model start to catch up with 

more mature and established companies like Cryptopay.

14ICO Cryptopay White paper



General Overview (continued)

Purpose of CPAY ICO

wave of new development and innovation is happening on blockchain  

technology to kick off new decentralized services and models.

There’s a deep technical community running full speed towards a blockchain-

based future, with experienced technology company founders jumping in to the 

fray with blockchain. A majority of the ICOs you’re seeing today are for new 

companies, who are yet to launch their products to the market.

We’re also starting to see the ICO and tokenization model start to catch up with 

more mature and established companies like Cryptopay.

Even though Cryptopay already has a number of working products, a FCA Small 

Payment Institution licence, and thousands of customers, taking the business to 

the next level requires more capital to scale our impact. There are many 

variables to be considered, such as, to continue developing products, entering 

new markets, and hiring experts to help build the business. The funds raised 

during the ICO will allow us accelerate the building of our platform which needs 

a higher volume of loans than we are able to support at the moment.

Offering a token instead of a traditional venture capital round enables the 

community to participate in the Cryptopay success story, rather than limiting it to 

a small, selected number of traditional venture capital funds. By acquiring CPAY 

tokens, token holders will benefit from our future success. A token sale is fast, 

transparent, and efficient for exactly this purpose.

The main advantages of the ICO model of business expansion:

• Token sales are a cost effective mechanism for raising funds;

• The ICO will be not only a fundraising event, but also a great marketing 

opportunity;

• Token sales provide an opportunity to engage with the community and 

build products in consultation with token holders and experts - delivering 

products that are best-of-breed to customers.

15ICO Cryptopay White paper



Milestones

• Up to EUR 15,000,000 equivalent: a financial services platform that will 

allow digital currency community to invest in traditional financial 

instruments like stocks, indices and futures to hedge their exposure to 

digital currency assets.

• Structuring a separate legal entity that acts as a broker through a 

partnership with an existing broker. We already have an affiliated 

company that will provide agency licensing;

• Integration of market data and execution/trading white label platform 

to the existing Cryptopay UI. We’ve already selected a well 

established partner for this stage.

• Establishing an internal risk engine and controls to provide clients 

leverage in trading as well as escrow accounts.

• Expansion of compliance back office team to meet regulatory 

requirements.

• An investment management/stockbroker license in an EEA country.

• Up to EUR 35,000,000 mln equivalent: a banking institution in the EEA 

that will provide full suite of banking/investment services for the 

community.

• Changing our authorisation status from a small payment institution to 

full EMI.

• Establishment of SWIFT and SEPA memberships.

• Getting card scheme memberships and necessary certifications.

• Business development to get corresponding bank accounts.

• Integration of payment infrastructure to the Cryptopay backend.

• Up to EUR 50,000,000 mln equivalent: a p2p platform:

• Liaison with one of the reputable regulators in Europe to establish a 

special / sandbox regulatory regime to establish a platform that will 

allow companies to legally and operationally structure their ICOs.

16ICO Cryptopay White paper



Milestones (continued)

CPAY Pre-sale

Token price: 1 CPAY = 0.001 ETH;

Amount on offer: 75,000,000 CPAY (including 25% bonus);

Start: 25 September 2017, 10:00 BST (UTC+1), 18:00 JST (UTC+9), 18:00 KST 

(UTC+9);

Percentage of CPAY on offer: Approximately 23%;

End: 2 October 2017, 10:00 BST (UTC+1), 18:00 JST (UTC+9), 18:00 KST (UTC+9);

Minimum purchase amount: 50,000 CPAY (worth of 50 ETH);

Maximum purchase amount: 5,000,000 CPAY (worth of 5,000 ETH) – subject to 

vesting.

On September 25th, 2017 at 10:00 BST (UTC+1) the Distributor will offer a 

maximum (hard capped) of 60,000 ETH worth of CPAY tokens (approximately 

23% of all CPAY tokens if the maximum limit during pre-sale and ICO to general 

public is reached) in a pre-sale event before commencing with the ICO to 

general public. This is to let strategic investors participate and it takes place 7 

days before the sale to the general public.

Each CPAY token will be sold for 0.001 ETH, meaning 0.001 ETH will enable the 

purchase of 1 CPAY token. The Pre-sale will be open to any party wishing to 

subscribe to a minimum of 50,000 CPAY (50 ETH minimum pledge) and 25% 

bonus tokens will be allocated on top of the amount that you are purchasing.

The maximum amount of tokens per participant is limited to 5,000,000 CPAY 

(5,000 ETH). Funds for strategic investors will be able to purchase more than 

5,000,000 CPAY, subject to a 6 months lock-in period.

• Up to EUR 50,000,000 mln equivalent: a p2p platform (continued):

• Launch of an ICO bookrunner / underwriter and own trading platform 

for fundraising investing in ICOs and blockchain based financial 

instruments.

• Based on created regulatory framework development of a P2P 

platform / financial services marketplace with clear rules and for 

companies to fundraise (not only ICOs) and individuals to invest and 

save.

17ICO Cryptopay White paper



CPAY Pre-sale (continued)

The maximum amount of tokens per participant is limited to 5,000,000 CPAY 

(5,000 ETH). Funds for strategic investors will be able to purchase more than 

5,000,000 CPAY, subject to a 6 months lock-in period.

On October 2nd, 2017 at 10:00 BST (UTC+1) the Distributor will offer a maximum 

(fixed limit) of 150,000 ETH worth of CPAY tokens (approximately 52% of all CPAY 

tokens if the maximum limit during pre-sale and ICO to general public is reached) 

for sale to the general public.

Each CPAY token will be sold for 0.001 ETH, meaning that 0.001 ETH will enable 

the purchase of 1 CPAY token. There will be a minimum pledge amount of 40 

CPAY tokens per purchase (0.04 ETH minimum pledge) and various bonuses will 

be in place during the first two weeks of the sale to general public (for more 

details refer to the CPAY ICO Bonus Schedule below).

There will be a cumulative maximum (hard capped limit) of 210,000 ETH worth of 

CPAY tokens in the CPAY pre-sale and ICO to general public combined. The total 

amount of CPAY tokens distributed during the pre-sale and during the ICO to the 

general public together will constitute of 75% of all CPAY tokens. The remaining 

25% of CPAY tokens will be distributed among the foundation, advisors, team 

and partners.

The cumulative hard cap is the approximate ETH equivalent of the EUR 50 mln 

funding which is needed for the realization of all three milestones specified. We 

will recalculate the hard cap in ETH according to the latest EUR/ETH exchange 

rate as at the date of Pre-sale event.

Should the amount raised fall below EUR 1 million equivalent, all funds will be 

returned to the ICO participants.

There will be no further CPAY tokens created after the ICO - the amount will be 

capped as per this document.

ICO

Token price: 1 CPAY = 0.001 ETH;

Amount on offer: 165,000,000 CPAY (including 10% bonus);

Start: 2 October 2017, 11:00 BST (UTC+1), 19:00 JST (UTC+9), 19:00 KST (UTC+9);

Percentage of CPAY on offer: Approximately 52%;

End: 30 October 2017, 10:00 BST (UTC+1), 18:00 JST (UTC+9), 18:00 KST (UTC+9);

Minimum purchase amount: 40 CPAY (0.04ETH);

Maximum purchase amount: 5,000,000 CPAY (worth of 5,000 ETH) – subject to 

vesting.

18ICO Cryptopay White paper



ICO (continued)

will recalculate the hard cap in ETH according to the latest EUR/ETH exchange 

rate as at the date of Pre-sale event.

Should the amount raised fall below EUR 1 million equivalent, all funds will be 

returned to the ICO participants.

There will be no further CPAY tokens created after the ICO - the amount will be 

capped as per this document.

Distribution Structure

75% of all CPAY tokens will be for sale to the public between the phases of the 

ICO pre-sale and the ICO sale to the general public.

A further 10% of CPAY tokens will be retained by the Distributor, and will be used 

for various purposes. Purposes such as, community initiatives, business 

development, academic research, education and market expansion or future 

token sales. The Distributor considers this as a testament to the fact that 

Cryptopay wants to be transparent and inclusive for the community at large, 

which Cryptopay perceives as its most valuable asset.

At the same time, Cryptopay feels that it is essential that the interests of 

Cryptopay are aligned with those of the ecosystem in the long-term. In order to 

support long term growth in a sustainable way, founders and the development 

team of Cryptopay will be rewarded with 5% of tokens in exchange for their 

efforts and resources contributed to the development of the CPAY products.

Details of the distribution of tokens:

ICO pre-sale (*)

CPAY team

Foundation retention

Bounty program

Advisors and Partners

ICO to the general public (*)

23%

5%

10%

5%

5%

52%

19ICO Cryptopay White paper



Distribution Structure (continued)

(*) - tokens issued during the ICO pre-sale and ICO sale to the general public 

together will constitute 75% of all CPAY tokens. The upper-mentioned 

percentage will be reached in the event that maximums (fixed limits) are reached 

on both stages.

No further CPAY will be issued after the ICO period is over.

CPAY ICO Bonus Schedule

When you make a purchase, bonus tokens will be allocated on top of the CPAY 

tokens that you have just acquired. For example, if you have committed to buy 

100 CPAY tokens within the first 24 hours of ICO, you will receive 10 CPAY tokens 

plus as a bonus, so 110 CPAY tokens as a total.

Additional 5% bonus will be provided for current Cryptopay verified users during 

the Pre-sale and all ICO to general public stages.

CPAY presale - 25th September 2017, 10:00 (UTC+1) 

to the 2nd October 2017, 10:00 (UTC+1)
25% bonus

ICO - 2nd October 2017, 11:00 (UTC+1) to the 3rd of 

October 2017,10:00 (UTC+1)
10% bonus

ICO - 3rd October 2017, 11:00 BST (UTC+1) to the 10th 

October 2017, 10:00 BST (UTC+1)
5% bonus

ICO - 10th October 2017, 11:00 BST (UTC+1) to the 

17th October 2017, 10:00 BST (UTC+1)
2.5% bonus

20ICO Cryptopay White paper



Token Holders Rewards

Holders of CPAY tokens will receive monthly referral commissions. Starting from 

January 2018, 10% of the aggregate revenue from existing and newly developed 

products will be distributed every month to holders of CPAY tokens pro rata. 

According to the current performance of the business and latest medium-term 

projections, the suggested referral commission is equal to a competitive passive 

income on publicly available investment schemes.

In order to distribute monthly referral commissions to CPAY token holders, the 

distributor will deposit the required amount of ETH along with each participant 

share on the smart contract. ICO participants will be able to get funds out of the 

contract up to the monthly allowance.

After the token has been listed on major exchanges, the CPAY tokens market 

price will be highly dependent on the underlying business performance, as well 

as the company's future growth perspectives on the medium to long term 

horizon. The Cryptopay team has already established a solid basis for 

sustainable medium term growth, grounding on the existing products and 

infrastructure. There is also a long term business plan for further product 

development.

Foundation and CPAY Team Vesting

In order to ensure the longevity of the project and protect the integrity of the 

Cryptopay team, their tokens will be vested. Vesting ensures the founders’ 

commitment to building the system in the long-term. Founders and the 

Cryptopay team will have 2 years vesting with a 6 months cliff. Meaning that 

Foundation retention and CPAY team tokens will be locked in a smart contract, 

which would release them every 6 months proportionally during a period of two 

years, starting on the 7th month after the ICO.

21ICO Cryptopay White paper



CPAY Initial Token Sale Procedure

You don't need to have a verified account to participate in the ICO, but you must 

be verified to receive CPAY tokens.

Users without a Cryptopay account should sign up on ico.cryptopay.me or 

cryptopay.me before they can proceed to the Cryptopay account, where the ICO 

participation link will be distributed. Upon following the participation link, the ICO 

Terms & Conditions should be accepted - after that user is redirected to the ICO 

participant personal account.

Users who already have their Cryptopay account may enter their login & 

password on ico.cryptopay.me and accept the ICO Terms & Conditions before 

proceeding to the ICO participant personal account. Users who are already 

logged in to Cryptopay should follow the link to ico.cryptopay.me in their 

Cryptopay account and accept the ICO Terms & Conditions - Then after, they will 

be redirected to the ICO participant personal account.

Each CPAY token will be sold for 0.001 ETH. Bitcoin (BTC), Litecoin (LTC) and 

Ripple (XRP) will also be accepted. The amount of CPAY tokens granted for them 

will be calculated using a daily exchange rate of these currencies to ETH.

CPAY tokens will be available for purchase in the ICO participant personal 

account. The user will be able to see the addresses and QR codes of various 

cryptocurrency wallets to which he can send funds to purchase tokens. 

Information on the total amount of tokens purchased, the ICO schedule, token 

cap, and the percentage of the total amount of tokens sold will also be available 

in the ICO participant personal account. Calculate the number of tokens for 

purchase, including bonuses, and the applicable exchange rate depending on 

the chosen cryptocurrency on this page as well.

The details of the transfer will become available in the user's transaction list in 

the ICO participant personal account, after the transaction confirmation is 

received. Transaction details contain the confirmation time, transaction amount, 

the number of tokens received, and the number of bonus tokens depending on 

the ICO phase.

Tokens will be delivered to the user's specified ETH wallet shortly after the the 

ICO concludes. The Cryptopay team will make their best effort to promptly 

summarise and reconcile all the necessary statistics that will be needed for the 

correct token delivery to all ICO participants.

22ICO Cryptopay White paper

Registration

Purchasing CPAY Tokens



CPAY Initial Token Sale Procedure (continued)

the number of tokens received, and the number of bonus tokens depending on 

the ICO phase.

Tokens will be delivered to the user's specified ETH wallet shortly after the the 

ICO concludes. The Cryptopay team will make their best effort to promptly 

summarise and reconcile all the necessary statistics that will be needed for the 

correct token delivery to all ICO participants.

23ICO Cryptopay White paper

Purchasing CPAY Tokens (continued)

CPAY tokens will trade under the ticker symbol CPAY and will be listed on major 

exchanges shortly after the ICO. Transferability will start from the first day of 

trading, which is planned to commence anytime from November 2017.

Management will use its best endeavours to list CPAY token on reputable digital 

currency exchanges prior to the token sale event in order to increase liquidity. 

There is, however, no guarantee that this will occur as it is out the management’s 

control.

CPAY Token Listing



24ICO Cryptopay White paper

Financial Highlights
Cryptopay Current Financials

Financial Projections

Cryptopay has nearly 4 years of active trading history with a relatively high profit 

margin and positive operational cash flow.

Principally, there are two methods by which Cryptopay generates revenue. Flat 

fees are charged to individual clients for different operations, including card 

issuing, card loading and exchanging cryptocurrency. Corporate clients are 

charged fees for the cryptocurrency processing and white label card issuing. 

Another revenue stream is a margin on FX rates for exchange transactions 

during loading, internal transfers, and processing.

The current monthly level of activities that are subject to Cryptopay fees amount 

to approximately 22,230,000 EUR. During the last year there has been an 

average of 10% monthly growth, and we expect this trend to continue for 2018. 

We believe this because of the overall blockchain fintech industry growth rate 

and the latest market and competition research. It is also in line with the fact that 

soon most of our competitors will have to limit their services to EEA countries 

residents, while the Cryptopay bitcoin prepaid cards do not bear this restriction 

as we have a direct BIN sponsorship.

The most significant business costs are connected with ongoing research and 

development processes, infrastructure, and existing product maintenance in 

addition to the interactions with various financial services providers and 

intermediaries.

The business is fully equity financed and does not bear any significant external 

borrowings.

Starting from the last months of 2018 FY business plans to begin launching new 

products in accordance with the established roadmap. After a certain initial 

period the following new revenue streams will respectively follow:



25ICO Cryptopay White paper

Financial Projections (continued)

• Trading fees;

• Interest on leverage provided;

• Monthly management fees;

• International payment transactions fees;

• Platform fees for listing, running and escrow of ICOs;

• Value added services for companies listing their ICOs.

According to the established financial forecast, this intensive development is 

expected to contribute into almost doubling revenue during 2019 and 2020. 

Upon successful implementation, of all three milestones, the business aims to 

support and permanently improve all existing products, expand customer base, 

and benefit from extensive growth - the effect on revenue is anticipated to be 

70% and 40% annual increase in 2021 and 2022 respectively following 

underlying market saturation. After having raised funds to cover the 

development of the third milestone we aim to achieve a unique position on the 

market. The Cryptopay ICO platform may be put into a unique regulatory regime 

that will make it the first and only fully compliant and legal platform for ICO 

fundraising.

The cost structure is going to alter in accordance with new lines of business, but 

is still budgeted at a reasonable level. There will be a number of significant one-

off capital expenditures for licenses acquisitions and necessary business 

combinations that will affect profitability on the long-term horizon. The 

forecasted profit margin during 2018-2022 is concurrent with the industry 

competitive level.



26ICO Cryptopay White paper

We believe that blockchain and cryptocurrencies are the payment method of the 

future. In order to make such payments possible for all consumers with maximum 

convenience, we aim to connect the blockchains in the background and offer an 

easy-to-use interface to any of the blockchain and traditional assets.

With the ICO to be conducted by the Distributor, a wide range of individuals will 

have the opportunity to participate in our long-term growth and success story to 

fundamentally change the world of payments, brokerage and banking.

Conclusion


