

















































The Digital Assets Power Play
Whitepaper

Technology building blocks for digital assets trading automation

Nikola Jokic

Digital Assets Power Play
nikola@kip.investments

Matej Ujevic

Digital Assets Power Play
matej@kip.investments

Sasa Hunjak

Digital Assets Power Play
sasa@kip.investments

Milovan Pasini

Digital Assets Power Play
pasini@kip.investments

Boris Milovanovic

Digital Assets Power Play
boris@kip.investments

Zlatko Anusic

Digital Assets Power Play
zlatko@kip.investments

August 10, 2017

This Whitepaper outlines the Digital Assets Power Play platform structure and building blocks.
We will outline the design and architecture, with a high level overview of the platform including
the backend, frontend, solution and blockchain technologies used. The Whitepaper should give
the reader a better overview of how the platform will be designed, how will it include third party
building blocks and enable a distributed economy.

Abstract

The Digital Assets Power Play (hereinafter: DA Power Play) platform provides the required building
blocks and services to enable digital assets trading automation. The DA Power Play platform is organised
around different stakeholders, wallets and distributed computer nodes aiming to provide a balanced
trade-off between availability, transparency and efficient (quick) algorithm execution and digital asset
management. The DA Power Play platform enables a new distributed economy allowing stakeholders to
seize algorithmic trading and investment opportunities in an optimally secure and distributed fashion. As
we are building the distributed economy ecosystem, the DA Power Play Platform will be designed as a
combination of the Blockchain and the distributed systems architecture. We believe that such a solution
offers the right balance of transparency, system availability and I/O throughput.

• The Blockchain building component will be based upon Ethereum smart contracts – wallets, tokens
themselves and a web 3.0 stack (swarm, ens/eth, bzz).

• The distributed system components will be based upon hybrid cloud, legacy databases, Node,js, C
language, messaging/communication protocols such as WebRTC, Whisper and IPC but also different
data streams where applicable.

Within the Whitepaper, we will outline the building blocks of the DA Power Play Platform.

1

mailto:nikola@kip.investments
mailto:matej@kip.investments
mailto:sasa@kip.investments
mailto:pasini@kip.investments
mailto:boris@kip.investments
mailto:zlatko@kip.investments


Da Power Play Whitepaper • August 2017 • v1.2

I. The Introduction

When we started with crypto investment strategies and developing KIP’s Eye System morethan 2 years ago, there were only a handful of crypto currencies and exchanges, withrelatively small daily trading volumes. At the time, it was possible to trade and manage
these assets manually. However, early on, we have started to realize that volumes, the number
of digital assets and exchanges are going to increase, requiring us to automate our trading. As
such, we have begun to design our KIP’s Eye system to address these issues and automate our
trading. Our current trading strategies have led us to design our own Neural Networks and
Artificial Intelligence agents enabling us to predict future token/coin price movements with a
great certainty and accuracy.

At the time of writing (August 2017) the number of digital assets has exploded, increasing
to over 850 and it will continue to expand to well over 2000 within the next two years. With
such rapid growth, collecting market data (trades, order books) has become a complex task in
itself, requiring fast data collection and storage running in TBs of data per month. Additionally,
data needs to be parsed, processed, analysed and used for trading, and all trades and digital
assets need to be accounted for, with correct risk controls in place. We believe that designing and
developing such a system from scratch represents a great obstacle for most stakeholders, and once
fully developed, difficult to replicate. Such data collection and platform service offers should be
done on an industrial scale and presented to other market participants as a distributed economy
where all stakeholders will benefit.

In the meantime, the number of exchanges has increased to over 100 and continues to rise.
Exchanges are facing issues of downtime due to maintenance, attacks, or even regulatory issues
locking out trading during exchange downtime and resulting in unavailability of digital assets
and potential losses. We also believe that the platform should address these exchange downtimes
by offering a single API multi-exchange access. By having multi exchange access we will be able
to address exchange downtime, liquidity issues and digital asset lockdowns. Additionally, due to
distributed system architecture, the platform itself should be resistant to attacks, offering greater
availability and uptime for all stakeholders.

Currently, investing into top performing or portfolio-optimal digital asset strategies is a very
complex process, and more often than not it’s hard to find an easy route into such an investment.
By providing the building blocks for strategy design and trading automation, and by making the
results of these strategies visible, investors will have an easier route into making a decision and
invest into digital assets. This will allow investors to excel in their overall portfolio structure and
returns. Smart contracts – wallets will represent a bond of trust between investors and strategy
owners/digital assets managers.

We also believe that one type or set of services is not "one size fits all", and as such will open
building blocks to developers and third party providers, allowing them to design these additional
building blocks and integrate them with the platform as a service. By enabling third party building
blocks we believe that the platform will become truly scalable, allowing for numerous trading
strategies and platform features.

Current market solutions provide DIY services where the user is only a stakeholder using the
service to create, run, and invest in strategies. There’s a need for a new distributed socioeconomic
platform backed by new technologies and smart asset allocation. We recognise this need for
establishing different wallet types addressing stakeholder’s needs, but also for creating different
combinable building blocks by following Unix philosophy.

2



Da Power Play Whitepaper • August 2017 • v1.2

Figure 1: General system architecture

II. The Platform

As stated the DA Power Play platform will have to address all the obstacles mentioned above by
utilising Blockchain technologies and legacy distributed technologies.

The general system architecture of the platform’s building blocks and components are shown
on Fig. 1.

The DA Power Play Platform is a distributed system in nature, having many building blocks
and components working together, primarily Wallets, Kips Eye Platform Backend, strategy building
blocks, an Ethereum-powered user interface node, and arbitrary amounts of additional building
blocks built for the user interface or Kip’s Eye Platform Backend. The DA Power Play Platform
will also allow for third party building block integration and service offers on the platform.

i. Combining Blockchain and legacy technologies

Due to the limitations of Ethereum technology in block time execution ( 14 seconds, or 4 seconds
on the Kovan test network, which we are following closely, but still not quickly enough for the
transactional requirements), and challenges in communication from the Ethereum network with
the outside world the DA Power Play platform will be a combination of blockchains designed
to provide financial transparency with Kip’s Eye Platform Backend and other building blocks to
give the algorithms required processing power and tick speed in order to compete with other
automated systems, all of this while enabling the platform user’s nodes to collect and confirm
market data and deploy new algorithms and building blocks. We are actively investigating
multi-chain solutions and emerging inter-chain standards.

3



Da Power Play Whitepaper • August 2017 • v1.2

ii. Speed of execution

By carefully combining in-memory data processing and collection with geolocation system distri-
bution, we will achieve optimal speed when accessing and processing market data. In-memory
capacity for QPS (quotes per second) is expected to be at 1 million QPS and can be further scalable.

Efficient communication channels/protocols are employed on multiple levels (inter-process,
inter-node) to allow for high-speed, real-time market and social data collection, optimisation, and
analysis.

iii. Geo Distributed nodes

Developed automated trading strategies will be dockerised and deployed to the most geolocation-
optimal server ensuring the shortest ping times for exchanges and users. Also, optimal network
routes are prepared to have the shortest path between platform components and exchanges.
Naturally, all these nodes will be geo redundant with a multi-site clustering relying on a hybrid
cloud solution.

iv. Wallets

Wallets are Ethereum based smart contracts designed to hold and manage platform assets. The DA
Power Play platform will provide the following wallets: Public Wallet, Strategy Wallet, Operational
Wallet and Private Wallet. The minimum number of legally required KYC and AML procedures
will be implemented.

iv.1 The Strategy Wallets

Strategy Wallet has the following functionalities:

• A deposit function to receive the funds for strategies and forward them to Kip’s Eye.
• A constantly updated list of all strategy supporters with the amount supported
• Strategy information such as performance, assets under management, etc
• A withdrawal function for the returning of funds to the strategy supporters
• Definition of strategy owner’s fees for supporting their strategy
• Domain "mystrategy.dapowerplay.eth"

iv.2 The Public Wallet

As the Public Wallet is designed to provide additional funding to strategy owners and to backing
the best strategies, whilst reinvesting appreciation and provide liquidity. The Public Wallet will
have similar functionalities as the Strategy Wallet but on a grander scale. The Public Wallet has
the following functionalities:

• A deposit function to receive funds for strategies and forward them to Kips Eye,
• A constantly updated list of all strategy supported by Public Wallet with supported amount
• Strategy information for all backed strategies such as performance, assets under management
• A withdrawal function for returning funds to the Public Wallet
• Domain publicwallet.dapowerplay.eth

4



Da Power Play Whitepaper • August 2017 • v1.2

iv.3 The Private Wallet

The Private Wallet is designed to hold digital assets for investment in Strategy Wallets. As such,
it is crucial to obtain fast exit and entry into other strategies as well as maintaining records of
performance (for both single strategy investments and total investments). Private Wallets will need
to have transparency and be very responsive. You will be able to withdraw and deposit from your
Private Wallet whenever you wish - DA Power Play will only withdraw funds with your explicit
approval, such as when supporting strategies. The Private Wallet has the following functionalities:

• Dual ownership, equally by Da Power Play and you.
• A deposit function to receive funds from others strategies and forward them to Private

Wallet,
• Constantly updated list of all strategy supported with the supported amount
• Overall Wallet and single strategy informations
• A withdrawal function for returning funds to the Private Wallet
• Domain myprivatewallet.dapowerplay.eth

iv.4 The Operational Wallet

The Operational Wallet will be transparent meaning that it will be publicly visible information
showing performance, assets under management, etc. Although transparent,the Operational Wallet
will be designed to support the costs of the operations. The Operational Wallet will have basic
functions that will provide transparency through a domain: operationalwallet.dapowerplay.eth.

v. Kip’s Eye Platform Backend

In order to deploy automated investment strategies, one must obtain data, parse it and run analysis.
To gather the required resources KIP’s Eye © will function as a hybrid cloud that comprises of
servers across the globe that will collect, analyse, and store data, and ultimately execute strategies.
Another requirement is to maintain high data quality and to enable fast data access and execution.

The Kip’s Eye © will perform in a distributed manner, so rather than creating a single monolith,
the system architecture is divided in to several distributed modules. Every module represents
different tasks in creating and executing fully automated strategies.

The Kip’s Eye © modules are as follows:

v.1 The Collector

This module is used to collect data from the exchanges, hence it is known as the Collector. Due
to the distributed geo locations of the exchange’s servers, the aim is to provide the shortest and
fastest route from exchanges to platform stakeholders, providing platform users with timely
information about the state of digital assets across exchanges and alongside trades and order
books. Additionally the Collector will analyse and parse data in order to achieve the highest data
quality, ensuring high integrity of the data, as well as data uniformity. Data will be propagated
through to the other modules of the system as well stored into a database where it will be used
for further analysis and back testing.

v.2 The Calculator

The purpose of this second module is to calculate all required technical parameters that will be
used in the decision making processes within every automated investment strategy. As with the

5



Da Power Play Whitepaper • August 2017 • v1.2

Figure 2: Kip’s Eye © software Architecture

Collector, the Calculator will have functions that will send calculated data through other modules
and also store calculated data in a database for future use.

v.3 The Strategist

This third module will store logic of automated trading strategies, and based on the calculated
and raw information of the state of digital assets across exchanges, it will decide what action
should be executed. Based on these decisions, information will be pushed into the next module
and stored in the database.

v.4 The Executive

Since information regarding account access keys is most valuable, it’s of the highest priority to
protect this information with strong security measures. The fourth module will execute actions
that were approved and validated by the Decision Maker module, hence it is called the Executive.
Also, when actions are executed, this information will be stored in a database for backtracking
and future analysis.

6



Da Power Play Whitepaper • August 2017 • v1.2

v.5 The Asset manager

This is a special module for surveillance and management that will provide end to end process
stability and data integrity. Furthermore, it will provide risk control and it will be in charge of
cancellation of tickets/actions that have already taken place, therefore optimising risk and system
usage.

v.6 The Analyst

The Analyst will be in charge of reporting, back office and preparation of backtesting. This module
will also provide strategy parameters (performance, assets under management, strategy owner’s
fees, etc).

v.7 The Backtesting

The DA Power Play Platform will provide strategy validation and backtesting for all developed
strategies. Validation and debugging will be made available for drag’n’drop strategy building
blocks.

Backtesting will be possible on available historical data per exchange. We will have several
exchanges and historical data available, and will collect as much data for exchanges as required.

v.8 The User interface node

Figure 3: Desktop app with tightly coupled mobile component

This is the user’s entry-point into the platform, featuring innovative modular UI, a code editor,
node editor, and custom personal screens. Tight coupling between mobile and desktop versions
allows for quick screen switching and creation without constantly having to use your computer,
but also for secure user identification. The User Interface Node is fully web3 powered so you can
create, browse and integrate favourite Dapps. The User Interface Node also features a drag’n’drop
strategy editor.

The DA Power Play Platform will utilise Electron Framework for the User Interface Node and
webRTC for real-time comms between UI nodes. Electron is based on CSS, HTML5 and JavaScript
, enabling customisation of UI screens based on stakeholder preferences.

7



Da Power Play Whitepaper • August 2017 • v1.2

v.9 The Plug-and-play building blocks store

The DA Power Play platform will be open to developers and third parties to develop and integrate
their building blocks, enabling additional services on the platform. These building blocks can be
deeply integrated with the platform, providing either API access for a programming language
strategy designer or new building blocks for a drag’n’drop strategy designer.

Swarm will be used to store data, and where applicable, display open source code for these
building blocks.

Code and libraries are developed and tested and thereafter packaged into containers with
docker files. Once deployed, they will be available on the DA Power Play platform as a service.
This enables the DA Power Play Platform to easily deploy and integrate third party building
blocks with the platform.

We will partner with other industry services and providers in order to have the right building
blocks that will empower users, providing them with a powerplay over the rest of the market.

The Ethereum Name Service and our own eth subdomains will be used for adding these
building blocks, so for example, santiment.dapowerplay.eth is an example of a building block
where payment for such services can be directly payable in DA Power Play tokens to this domain,
rather than just a wallet address.

III. The solution deployment

Figure 4: Hybrid cloud architecture

The DA Power Play Platform will be run on a hybrid cloud architecture that will be geo
distributed, having redundant nodes and security. This hybrid cloud will be formed from custom
hardware and public cloud services, providing a redundant failover mode, collocated at data
centres, it will have implemented security and a firewall, DDOS protection, redundant networking
through BGP, and wherever possible static tunnel (IPSec or VPN) routes to the exchanges. As the

8



Da Power Play Whitepaper • August 2017 • v1.2

DA Power Play Platform is utilised, the architecture is scalable to allow for a future growth.

IV. The conclusion

By combining a proven solution, expanding it with blockchain technology enabling, having a
scalable system architecture, and third party access to building blocks for the DA Power Play
platform, we will "democratise" algorithmic trading and be able to build our distributed economy
based around our stakeholders.

9


	The Introduction
	The Platform
	Combining Blockchain and legacy technologies
	Speed of execution
	Geo Distributed nodes
	Wallets
	The Strategy Wallets
	The Public Wallet
	The Private Wallet
	The Operational Wallet

	Kip's Eye Platform Backend
	The Collector
	The Calculator
	The Strategist
	The Executive
	The Asset manager
	The Analyst
	The Backtesting
	The User interface node
	The Plug-and-play building blocks store


	The solution deployment
	The conclusion

