








































Microsoft Word - Daneel-WP-1.6.7-en.docx


WHITEPAPER 
 
 

1 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	
	

BRINGING DATA INTELLIGENCE 
INTO THE CRYPTO JUNGLE 

daneel 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

2 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Table of contents 

PRIOR	WARNING	 4	

A	NOTE	FROM	DANEEL’S	FOUNDER	 5	

INTRODUCTION	TO	BLOCKCHAIN	AND	TO	CRYPTOCURRENCY	 6	

BLOCKCHAIN:	A	REVOLUTION	IN	THE	MAKING	 6	
WHAT	IS	CRYPTOCURRENCY?	 7	
EXCHANGING	CRYPTOCURRENCY;	A	SPECULATIVE	INVESTMENT	 8	
ACCESSING	REACTIVE	AND	RELIABLE	SOURCES	OF	INFORMATION;	A	STRATEGIC	CHALLENGE	FOR	THE	CRYPTOCURRENCY	
INVESTOR	 9	
THE	DIFFICULTY	IN	MANAGING	MULTIPLE	CRYPTOCURRENCY	PORTFOLIOS	 12	

OUR	OBJECTIVE	 13	

LIMITS	OF	EXISTING	PERSONAL	ASSISTANT	SERVICES	 14	
OUR	SOLUTION	 15	
WHAT	TYPE	OF	INVESTOR	IS	DANEEL	SUITED	FOR?	 15	

TECHNOLOGICAL	ASPECTS	 17	

THE	MAIN	TECHNOLOGICAL	STAKES	 17	
PRESENTATION	OF	DANEEL’S	FEATURES	 20	
HOW	CAN	YOU	ACCESS	DANEEL?	 27	

PARTNERSHIPS	&	PARTNER	SERVICES	 28	

PARTNERSHIP	WITH	IBM	 28	
PARTNERSHIP	WITH	CRYPTO-VALLEY	 28	
BITCOIN	ASSOCIATION	SWITZERLAND	 29	
PARTNER	SERVICES	&	APIS	 29	

ROADMAP	 31	

USE	OF	DAN	TOKENS	 32	

PROCESS	OF	SUBSCRIBING	TO	THE	SYSTEM	 33	
PRICE	OF	SUBSCRIPTIONS	AND	PAYMENT	 34	
«	EROSION	»	MECHANISM	 34	

SALES	PROCESS	FOR	DAN	TOKENS	 35	

PRESENTATION	OF	DAN	TOKENS	 35	
DURATION	AND	PROGRESSION	OF	THE	SALES	PROCESS	 35	
INITIAL	DISTRIBUTION	OF	THE	TOKENS	 36	
PRICE	AND	CONDITION	OF	ACQUISITION	OF	DAN	TOKENS	 39	
BONUSES	DURING	SALES	 40	
EXCHANGE	OF	TOKENS	 40	



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

3 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

USE	OF	RAISED	FUNDS	 41	
SOFT	CAP	AND	HARD	CAP	 41	
PROCEDURE	FOR	THE	BEGINNING	OF	THE	SALE	 42	
DETAILS	OF	THE	PROCESS	 42	
REQUEST	FOR	PERSONAL	INFORMATION	(KYC)	 46	
MINIMUM	INVESTMENT	DURING	THE	ICO	 46	
TRANSFERT	OF	DAN	TOKENS	AFTER	THE	ICO	 46	
REFUND	AND	CANCELLATION	 46	
USE	OF	PRIVATE	DATA	 47	
SECURITY	 47	

THE	TEAM	 48	

THE	ADVISORS	 52	

JOIN	THE	DANEEL	COMMUNITY	 56	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

4 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

	

	

PRIOR WARNING 
	

	

	

This Initial Coin Offering («ICO») as presented by the DANEEL ASSISTANT 

company is an unregulated operation of fundraising. There are many risks 

involved for customers, especially the potential loss of the entirety of the 

currency exchanged for tokens emitted by DANEEL ASSISTANT. 

Only persons warned of these risks are eligible to participate in the ICO. 

Furthermore, consumers (under the European directive n°2011/83/UE), 

the "American people" (under "Regulation S” du Securities Act 1933 of 

American law"), citizens from Canada, Cuba, Iran, Irak, Syria, Yemen, 

North Korea, Singapore and China are excluded from the ICO. 

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

5 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

	

A NOTE FROM DANEEL’S FOUNDER 
	

	

	

First of all, thank you for your interest in Daneel. I hope that this 

document will enlighten you about our vision and our project. 

Daneel is born from the passion of its creators for Blockchain and 

cryptocurrency, in a changing world, one in which the two technologies 

have a real role to play. 

Our role is to democratize cryptocurrency in order to make it more 

accessible to mass market investors, by proposing a thoughtful and 

innovative solution for them. 

We are aware of the bad publicity linked to the notion of an ICO (Initial 

Coin Offering) over previous months, mainly due to a lack of reliability 

in certain projects. That’s why, even though the legislative framework is 

still developing, we were determined to respect all basic responsibilities 

in legislation, security and information.  We hope that you will therefore 

see this as guarantee of reliability, and that you will believe in us and in 

Daneel.  

We welcome your comments and suggestions at the email address 
joseph@daneel.io. 
 
Enjoy your reading and see you soon, 
 

 
Joseph Bedminster 

Founder of Daneel Assistant Company  

	

	

	



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

6 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

	

INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN AND TO 
CRYPTOCURRENCY  

	

	

Blockchain: a revolution in the making 
	

A real, innovative tool which is about to profoundly transform our societies as well 

as the relationships between individuals, organizations and states, Blockchain 

represents a chain of “blocks” (digital containers) where information of all sorts is 

stored: transactions, contracts, title deeds, works of art… 

This set of blocks form a database similar to the pages of a great accounts book, 

known as a “register”, which is itself hosted by a group of network users. 

Unlike the centralized system that currently governs our societies, Blockchain 

primarily allows users to get away from a centralized body or a third party. 

At the heart of this system, special users called “miners” have the role of ensuring 

the validity of transactions by providing the entire network with the computing 

power of their computers. 

Once the algorithm has completed its validation exercise, all users of Blockchain 

can simply verify that the exercise is correct; then, when a large majority of 

Blockchain users have validated the computing operation, the block is added to 

the chain and the transactions that it contains are considered valid. 

Blockchain therefore includes the following advantageous characteristics: 

• Security: The decentralized framework and the blocks’ codes guarantee the 

absolute security of the information. 

• Disintermediation: The concept of “consensus” replaces any of centralized 

validation. 

• Autonomy: The creation of cryptocurrency covers the costs of the 

infrastructure involved. 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

7 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

By this revolutionary principle, Blockchain is on the brink of causing a profound 

upheaval to all sectors of the economy, and many related projects have already 

begun.  

 

What is cryptocurrency? 
	

Each Blockchain is associated with a 

cryptocurrency (also called a token). The 

most well-known is the Bitcoin, a currency 

invented by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008. 

Today, there are several hundred 

different digital currencies. 

They all share the common trait of being 

a virtual means of exchange, not based in 

any single state, as opposed to the Dollar 

or the Euro. They circulate via peer-to-

peer networks, based on cryptographic algorithms, and are not necessarily 

intended as a payment system between users.  

The number of units in circulation and the maximum money supply are defined in 

advance and visible to all. Until proven otherwise, cryptocurrency cannot be 

counterfeited or stolen. 

It is possible today to define several separate families of cryptocurrency, which are 

adapted to the objectives of the communities who use them: 

§ “Infrastructure” currency: the type of currency likely to bring about the 

most profound changes, whose ambition goes far beyond being a simple 

means of payment, and which has the objective of offering a real alternative 

to the existing financial system. 

Examples: Ethereum, NXT, Ripple... 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

8 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

§ “Social” currency: currency created to allow the easy exchange of small 

financial amounts between web users (“social tipping”), on existing social 

networks in particular. 

 

§ Alternative currency: broadly inspired by Bitcoin, these currencies 

attempt, via technical innovation, to function either more easily, more 

securely or more rapidly, for example by reducing transaction verification 

times. 

o Examples: Litecoin, Digibyte... 

 

§ Anonymous currency: currency created solely to serve as a purely 

anonymous means of payment, protecting both the user’s identity as well 

as their transactions. 

o Examples: Monero, Bytecoin… 
 

Exchanging cryptocurrency; a speculative 
investment 
	

Cryptocurrencies are primarily an investment of potential 

profitably. 

These alternative digital currencies represent, in effect, a new 

kind of investment intrinsically linked with our modern digital 

economy.  

While extremely volatile, they can demonstrate impressive 

financial performances:	

Bitcoin exceeded a rate of 6,000 USD in October 2017, despite being traded at a 

rate of 434 USD in January 2016!  

 

Indeed, it’s because of cryptocurrency’s speculative nature that it attracts 

investors, who generally appreciate the risky characteristics of this kind of market. 

Speculation is rampant in the universe of cryptocurrency, not only in regards to 

rate variation against the dollar, but also regarding the financial operations that 

cryptocurrencies finance. 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

9 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Many investors are also in search of an asset to provide diversification to their 

portfolio, and thus invest a small proportion of their assets with a view towards a 

long-term gain. Cryptocurrency can effectually provide for the needs of investors 

seeking to diversify their risks by turning toward alternative investments. 

 

 

 

Accessing reactive and reliable sources of 
information; a strategic challenge for the 
cryptocurrency investor  
	

A major concern for every investor, having access to a comprehensive, reliable 

and rapid source of information is a fundamental part of the decision-making 

process in cryptocurrency investing.  

With the development of the digital world and the increasing 

“datafication” of our society, information is becoming more 

and more immediately accessible to every individual, through 

exchange platforms, social media, specialized print media, 

television programs, groups of influencers, word of mouth and 

more.  

Not a day goes by without being flooded with information! 

In the face of such an inundation of data, investors will inevitably encounter a 

number of difficulties. 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

10 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Cross-referencing sources and analysing content to access reliable 

information 

	

Rumours and conflicting or manipulated information can significantly influence the 

purchase and sale of cryptocurrency for numerous investors. 

In fact, for many years digital and interactive means have bit by bit taken over all 

classic forms of communication media and non-media, and the Internet has come 

to be completely integrated in corporate marketing campaigns. 

Furthermore, the development of social networks 

favouring interaction between web users in an often 

anonymous manner has led each individual to post more 

and more often, unavoidably leading to an increase in 

«misinformation». The Internet has thus become social, 

movable and participative… and today one tweet from an 

influential individual may have more of an impact on cryptocurrency rates than the 

actions of institutions themselves!	 

So, to what extent can information concerning cryptocurrency be biased? How can 

reliability be ensured, so that the plethora of online information a user encounters 

does not jeopardize every one of their investments?  

 

Capturing the right information at the right time, amongst all 

available data 

	

As an investor, the search for reliable information often resembles a complex 

quest: how can we identify the limited number of good resources? How can we 

sort them out? How can we interpret this information in order to make informed 

decisions?  



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

11 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

 

In addition, while certain investors may benefit from a lack of information, others 

feel «overwhelmed» by the flow of available data and will inevitably find 

themselves exposed to an overabundance of information. 

This phenomenon of overexposure will result in an alteration in decision-making 

and a decline in investment performance.  

Information encountered about investments needs to be sufficient without 

becoming overwhelming, as well as easy and practical to use.  

 

Capturing the emotions of the market 

The sheer amount of information available renders each investor more vulnerable 

to emotion when investing. 

« Fear of Missing Out » (FOMO), « Panic sell », « Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt » 

(FUD), are several examples of the phenomena that can negatively influence the 

ability of investors to manage their emotions while making decisions. 

This poor emotional management then leads to ill-thought-out short-term actions, 

including sudden changes in trading and investment strategies, and the following 

of unfounded trends… often at the expense of invested capital. 

 

Benefiting from an appropriate level of knowledge and 

comprehension around cryptocurrency 

Understanding the details of Blockchain and cryptocurrency, learning to trade, 

mastering the fundamentals… these are some of the many topics that each 

investor should know and understand. But where can this information be found? 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

12 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

The various tutorials available on the Internet come with a relatively high price 

tag, and are often not sufficiently adapted to an individual’s personal level. 

 

The difficulty in managing multiple cryptocurrency 
portfolios 
	

Investors in cryptocurrency generally invest through exchange platforms chosen 

based on: 

• The number of cryptocurrencies listed 

• The volume of exchanges present 

• The fees charged by the platform 

• The level of security and reliability  

• The design and ergonomics  

 

Therefore, it often happens that an investor is obliged to use several platforms to 

buy and sell the currencies they are interested in. 

Managing these different platforms often involves multiple restrictions for the 

investor: difficulty in following investment performances, using different 

currencies, slowness of services, two-step connections to platforms, managing 

multiple sets of login details, risking error during transfers between platforms… as 

many situations within this sector require a high level of responsiveness, this set 

up may prove dire for the investor. 

  



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

13 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

	

Our objective 

	

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

To design the first intelligent personal assistant who 

can accompany you in the daily management of 

cryptocurrency. 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

14 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Limits of existing personal assistant services 
	

Assistants (or “bots”) currently available on the market have many notable 

functional and technological limitations. 

The present solutions are effectively confined to supplying information (the rate of 

a cryptocurrency, information on the launch of an ICO, newspaper articles…) 

through different channels of communication like Facebook and its “Messenger” 

application, through “Slack” or even through “Telegram”.  

Their use is also rarely user-friendly, as they often necessitate using predefined 

commands to carry out simple requests, based around the recognition of set key 

words (« What is the price of BTC? »). 

These solutions respond only to a basic need, using primitive artificial intelligence 

systems that are not able to: 

§ Understand and interpret natural human language 

§ Analyse and select the most reliable information available  

§ Interact in a relevant way, in order to communicate the right trend at the 

right time 

 

 

 

                                                  

  



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

15 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Our solution 
	

As we are fully aware of the limitations of these previous solutions, we’d like to 

suggest an assistant of a new kind: a personal assistant based on Watson, one of 

the most efficient artificial intelligences in the market, who will be responsible for 

providing daily assistance in the world of cryptocurrency. 

Through this, you will have ready access to an intelligent counsellor able to: 

§ Understand and interact with you 

§ Keep you informed in real time, with quality information that he gathered and 

analysed himself 

§ Identify and capture the different emotions of the market 

§ Alert you as soon as one of your investments is in jeopardy 

§ Facilitate easy portfolio follow-up and management, as well as ease of sales 

and purchases. 

§ Provide daily advice on your investments and on market trends 

§ Provide personally-tailored indicators 

 

This is the objective we have set for ourselves, and you can help us to develop it. 

 

What type of investor is Daneel suited for? 
	

Daneel is not intended to address professional investors, particularly those already 

involved in trading rooms. Indeed, these investors often rely on specialized and 

costly technologies, often developed and jealously guarded by banks. 

 

On the contrary, we want to democratize access to artificial intelligence for 

investors by offering our technology to non-professionals. 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

16 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

To do this, we have identified three mass-market investor profiles: beginner, 

intermediate and advanced users. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

17 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

	

TECHNOLOGICAL ASPECTS  
	

 

The main technological stakes 
	

In order for Daneel to meet all the objectives that we have set, we will have to 

address several factors on a daily basis. 

 

Make full use of the power of « Natural Language Understanding » 

	

Daneel will need to be able to understand your queries 

every time you turn to him, regardless of spelling or 

sentence structure. 

We will have to be confident of the ability of the system to 

analyse and understand the meaning of human language, 

to perceive emotions and to correctly perform the relevant 

actions.  

	

Guarantee the reliability of the information analysed and proposed 

by Daneel 

	

How can we, in a world with a huge amount of sources of information (online 

newspapers, forums, social networks, expert networks, exchange platforms…) 

determine which sources are reliable, so that information used is sure to be 

trustworthy and free from manipulation? 

We currently make use of the superior skills of the Blockchain sector, of specialized 

journalists, and of specialized counsellors to bring together different informational 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

18 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

references. The goal is to categorize these, and then to determine reliability, as 

well as which the method to employ for each source. 

To gather together the mass of information within a sector 

is the first step, but to analyse it is another one entirely. To 

provide the requisite intelligence to the service, it will be 

necessary to perfect the algorithm developed during the 

prototype design, in order to consider all flows of 

information, and give only the most suitable and reliable 

information to the user. 

 

Offer personalized advice, adapted to the needs of each non-
professional investor profile 
	

As a personal assistant, we want to make Daneel as personalised as possible for 

each user. We would like to make each experience unique, and aim to place Daneel 

in a position to provide the best possible advice to the user. Our primary objective 

is user satisfaction. That’s why we have created the profiles of «novice user», 

«intermediate user» and of «experienced user». Every user will therefore be able 

to take advantage of all the features they require, while receiving an experience 

tailored to their level, and to their expectations regarding information and control. 

 

Ensure the security of all data 
	

How can we ensure the safety of your information? How can we limit the risk of 

hacking attempts by outside third parties?  

Important safety measures should be established between the user and the Daneel 

ecosystem. The mobile application, as well as the web platform, will have to 

address important safety constraints and will therefore be frequently audited by 

external services and partners. 

As for the architecture, it must be hosted and secured by the world’s leading 

specialists in the cloud and IT security. 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

19 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Our teams will endeavour to monitor the functioning of all services, as well as 

questions asked and answers delivered, in order to ensure the reliability of 

exchanges with the API of our ecosystem, and those of our partners.  

 

Relying on best practice in terms of ergonomics and design 
 

We attach great importance to offering the best user experience throughout the 

use of the Daneel service.  

To do this, we’d like to refer to the best practices used in ergonomics and design 

during the development of each both the web and mobile interfaces, and commit 

to an approach centred completely on the user.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

20 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Presentation of Daneel’s features    
	

 
STAY INFORMED 
 
Gather, aggregate and analyse information 
 

The concept of curating is at the heart of Daneel. 

To begin, Daneel searches, browses, collects and analyses 

different sources of information available from various online 

channels: news feeds, general media, specialized media and 

social networks.  

Once the information is collected, he sorts and categorizes all relevant data in 

order to only offer information deemed to be highly reliable. 

You will then see in real time a summary of all necessary information concerning: 

§ The current rates of all your specified cryptocurrencies  

§ Cryptocurrency news sorted by theme (technological, legal, partnerships…). 

§ Different « Initial Coin Offering » operations available  

 

Analyse the Emotions of the Market 
	

In addition to analysing and summarizing information, we wish to allow Daneel to 

analyse the emotions of the market using a « Social Emotion Indicator » function.  

Our artificial intelligence collects messages posted on social networks, then 

analyses them and conveys to the user the predominant online sentiments 

surrounding the cryptocurrency of their choice. 

In this way, you can more easily detect «pump» or growing doubt surrounding a 

cryptocurrency, and be up-to-date for every decision you make. 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

21 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

 

 

In addition, you can also benefit from indicators which identify which currencies 

are the most cited in news sources and on social networks, as well as those most 

searched on Google. 

Define a Cryptocurrency Confidence Score 
	

Our artificial intelligence will use a specially developed 

algorithm to calculate a « Confidence score »., by analysing 

currency rates, recent events, and the perceived emotions of 

users on social networks. 

This score, given out of 10, will reflect the reliability of a 

currency at a given moment. 

It will give investors a good idea of the risk involved in an investment. 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

22 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

 

 

 

Access to the detailed analytical report of cryptocurrency 
 

Need a comprehensive report on a currency? Histories, statistical data, graphics, 

company organisation, important personnel, recent events:  

Find all this information in one document, generated every day, thanks to our 

artificial intelligence. 

 

INTERACT 
 
Interact with Daneel thanks to our conversational service 
	

 What could be an easier way of obtaining information than simply asking for it? 

To get Daneel’s analyses, you only need to express a request. 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

23 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Artificial intelligence searches for the information best suited to your research, and 

the results are then easily communicated to you. Daneel may also offer quick 

choice actions in response to certain demands, in order to help you save time. 

Based on the “Machine Learning” principle, the system will learn continuously: the 

more users that pose questions, the more it will be able to refine its answers and 

results: that is the power of IBM’s Watson artificial intelligence! 

 

Never heard of Watson’s power? 

« Watson is an IBM-designed computer system that applies 

advanced technologies for natural language processing, 

information retrieval, knowledge representation, 

automated reasoning and automatic learning to the field of 

open-ended question answering. » 

 

 

 

MANAGE YOUR PORTFOLIO 
 
Manage your cryptocurrency portfolio  
	

You will be able to manage different accounts from compatible exchange platforms 

within the application. Add your account via your API keys, and then follow the 

progress of your investments in real time … 

 

Daneel will provide you with daily guidance in managing your investments. You 

will be notified immediately if your investments fluctuate, or if a new piece of 

information is likely to impact one of your investments! 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

24 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Don’t want to use API keys? 

Simple: tell Daneel the type and quantity of each cryptocurrency you possess, and 

he will register it in your personalized profile and provide advice to you in the exact 

same way! 

 

 

 

 

Place orders in one click 
	

Thanks to the API of the exchange platforms compatible with Daneel, you will be 

able to place immediate purchase and sale orders: you will therefore be able to 

react rapidly to any announcement or an important event that Daneel shares with 

you! 

  



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

25 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

LEARN AND EDUCATE YOURSELF 
 
 
Particularly suited to beginner users, the «Education» service 

helps to respond to the main questions concerning the sector 

and Blockchain technology. Several ideas and concepts will be 

explained to the user each day, and they will be able to test 

and validate their knowledge through Multiple-Choice 

Questions. 

 

SHARE 
 
Social trading & social interactions 
	

In addition to the help given by our artificial intelligence, we wish to integrate a 

functionality called «social trading», a service which allows users to observe and 

follow the investments of experienced investors. 

Through this, the most popular community traders could receive DAN tokens in 

exchange for their participation in the ecosystem. 

 

AND AFTER ? 
 
We will organize, on a recurring basis, different innovation events during which 

every Daneel user will be able to submit new functionality ideas. 

The best ideas will be rewarded in DAN tokens. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

26 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

27 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

How can you access Daneel?  
	

The services and functionalities mentioned will be accessible via a web platform 

and a mobile application, directly at the site www.daneel.io or through 

downloading the mobile application that will be available at a future date. 

 

 

 

	

 

 

 

 

	

 

	

	

  



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

28 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

	

PARTNERSHIPS & PARTNER SERVICES 
	

	

In order to accelerate Daneel’s development and carry out our project, we have 

placed etablishing partnerships  at the heart of our strategy. 

 

Partnership with IBM 

It is through this goal that we have already 

developed an international partnership with the 

company IBM.  

Thanks to this partnership, we now have access 

to unmatched expertise on artificial intelligence, to leading-edge solutions such as 

Watson as well as to the means and resources that allow us to sustainably support 

our project. 

As IBM, a renowned multinational in the sectors of the cloud, of Machine-Learning 

and of artificial intelligence, have placed their trust in us, why shouldn’t you? 

Agreement reference: 9ffc3 – Daneel Assistant OÜ, Estonia 

 

Partnership with Crypto-Valley 

Considered to be the largest actor ecosystem in 

the fields of cryptography and Blockchain, 

«Crypto Valley», based in Zug in Switzerland, will 

accompagny us throughout this project. 

Comprising of start-ups, professionals, researchers, and entrepreneurs, this 

organization has become a crucial actor in the sector which Daneel will develop in 

throughout the coming months. 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

29 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Crypto Valley will support our teams, and will provide us with an important network 

of technical support, infrastructure and events. 

 

Bitcoin Association Switzerland 

An association of Blockchain and cryptocurrency 

enthusiasts that gathers together a number of 

sector professionals, start-ups and professors. 

This very active community will provide us with 

support, and will allow us to exchange ideas on their networks as well as during 

regularly sheduled events . 

One of the roles of this association is making cryptocurrency accessible to the 

general public, and to democratize Blockchain technology, and as such it will be a 

valued contributer  to the «Educational» goals of our solution. 

 

Partner services & APIs 

	

Within the framework of our platform development, we will make use of various 

external services to enrich Daneel’s functioning. Some of these services provide 

relevant and regularly-updated data sets, by allowing access in particular to 

market prices, information linked to ICOs, newfeeds… 

In this way, in addition to official APIs of exchange platforms, we endeavour to 

make the best use of the data provided by these select external services. 

Here are some examples: 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

30 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

31 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

	

ROADMAP 
	

	

	

	

	

	

	

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

32 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

	

USE OF DAN TOKENS 
	

 

DAN tokens will be at the heart of the use of our intelligent assistant service. 

Indeed, they will allow the user to:  

• Subscribe to a monthly service enabling the use of all Daneel features 

• Interact with the platform and its users 

 

 

 

 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

33 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Process of subscribing to the system 
	

Daneel’s application and services will be  accessible only to users registered on the 

platform. 

Two types of subscription will be available. 

 

 

Several subscription options may become available, including monthly, quarterly 

and annual subscriptions. 

 

 

 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

34 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Price of subscriptions and Payment  
 

We wish to offer a subscription with a fixed price that won’t change with the DAN 

token price. 

In other terms, the price of the subscription will always be the same 

regardless of the rate of DAN on the exchange platforms. 

As a reminder, DAN tokens can be aquired: 

• By investing during the Initial Coin Offering phase 

• By buying tokens on the exchange platforms that will trade DAN. 

 

« Erosion » mechanism 
 

Every time a user will pay for a subscription, a principle of “erosion” will be applied 

to the token and 6% of the total number of DAN will be burned.  

Ex: John subscribes for a monthly subscription and pays 100 DAN. 

Daneel put back 94 DAN on the market, 6 DAN are burned. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

35 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

	

SALES PROCESS FOR DAN TOKENS  
	

 

Tokens made availible by « Daneel Assistant Company » are accompanied by a 

«duty to act » borne by the company. 

This duty to act is the following: to develop and make available to general public 

investors an intelligent assistant destined for the world of cryptocurrency. 

 

Presentation of DAN tokens 
	

Daneel (DAN) tokens will only be used to subscribe to the intelligent assistant 

service proposed by « Daneel Assistant Company ». 

The total supply of DANEEL tokens is limited to 100 000 000 tokens. 

Update: After ICO, some tokens will be burnt, the total supply will evolve, 

see more at : https://medium.com/@daneel_project/important-

announcement-burning-and-distribution-of-unsold-dan-tokens-

286bd0061520 

 

DAN token is not a security nor a financial asset. It will not generate any revenue 

by itself.  

They will be exchanged on different exchange platforms as soon as they are 

available. 

 

Duration and progression of the sales process 
	

The sales process of DAN tokens will be carried out in two steps over December 

2017 and January 2018. 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

36 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

• A presale phase (or pre-ICO): from 04 December 09h00 UTC to 08 
December 2017 20h00 UTC. 

• A sale phase: from January 29th 2018 09h00 UTC to March 5th 
2018 20h00 UTC. 

 

Initial distribution of the tokens 
 

 

 

For the  100 000 000 tokens created, the distribution will be as following: 

§ 60% of the tokens, that is 60 000 000, will be put up for sale during the 
duration of Daneel commercial operation (pre –ICO, ICO). 

The tokens put for sale will be separated into two lots: 

§  A first lot of 1 000 000 of tokens sold during a presale, that is 1% in total. 

 

§  A second lot of 59 000 000 of tokens; sold during a sale open to the public, 

that is 59 % in total. 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

37 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

 

 

 

After the ICO, we will burn 60% of all the unsold tokens and redistribute 
40% of them proportionally to all our investors. 

 

§ 7.5% of tokens, that is 7 500 000, will be preserved in reserve by the 
company. 

These tokens could be sold in the future, by lots, in the case of the company 

needing supplementary funds to cover expenditure linked to service 

development. Tokens will be held in Multisignature wallet. Their sale, as well 

as the underlying objective, will be announced in advance on the Company's 

official website. 

 

§ 20% of tokens, that is 20 000 000, will be distributed to stakeholders 
(global team, counsellors, community) that have contributed actively to the 

success of the operation. 

These tokens will be stored in a Multisignature wallet. If a member of the 

team wants to sell its tokens, the transactions will require the signatures of 

multiple team members before the funds can be transferred. 

This process will allow the team to control the impacts on the token price. 

	

Unsold tokens : What are the advantages of this distribution model? 

1. As you might already know, the burning process allows a diminution of the total 
supply on the market and potentially contribute to an appreciation of the token price 

2. This new distribution model allows our community to continue dominating the market 
with 56% of the Tokens holders. 

3. This new distribution model guarantee the liquidity on the market and the scalability 
of the project as our token will be the only way to subscribe and use Daneel’s service. 
 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

38 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

§ 5% of tokens, that is 5 000 000, will be distributed to external investors of 
the enterprise. 

The tokens reserved for external investors will be distributed between  the 

different structures and investors that have supported and financed the 

development of the Daneel project. 

 

§ 5% of tokens, that is 5 000 000, will be distributed within the framework  
of the rewards program.  

The tokens allocated to the rewards programs will be distributed to 

community members that have participated in the distribution, 

communication, advertisment or translation of the project on the networks. 

 

§ 2.5% of tokens, that is 2 500 000, will be distributed within the framework  
of the Product Social Rewards.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

39 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

 

Price and condition of acquisition of DAN tokens 
	

During the period of the DAN tokens sale, tokens will be available at the single 

rate of 0.25 EUROS (approx. 0.30 USD). The client will be able to acquire DAN 

tokens against other cryptocurrencies. 

The list of accepted cryptocurrencies during ICO phase is the following: 

§ Bitcoin (BTC) 

§ Litecoin (LTC) 

§ Ethereum (ETH) 

§ Monero (XMR) 

§ Dash (Dash) 

§ Ether Classic (ETC) 

§ Lisk (LSK) 

§ Stratis (STRAT) 

§ Waves (WAVES) 

§ Zcash (ZEC) 

§ Ripple (XRP) 

 

The number of tokens allocated during an order will be calculated on the basis of 

the cryptocurrency rate defined by our partner CoinPayments 

(https://www.coinpayments.net/) at the time of the confirmation of the payment 

being received  

 

 

 

 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

40 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

 

Bonuses during sales  
	
In order to reward our first users, we offer the following bonuses: 
 

	
	
	

Exchange of tokens 
	

By definition, tokens can be exchanged on different exchange platforms 

specializing in cryptocurrency. 

We are currently speaking with several of these platforms in order to list DAN 

tokens. 

Discussions are open with the following platforms: Poloniex, HitBTC, KuCoin, 

and Livecoin. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

41 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Use of raised funds  

	

	

The funds raised during the ICO will be employed in the 
achievement of our objectives. 

 

All of the funds will be distributed to finance the following activities: 

§ Development of our intelligent assistant and web & mobile platforms 

§ Financing operational needs 

§ Financing marketing and advertising  

§ Legal and accounting support. 

§ Payment of external services (partner companies, API services) 

Soft Cap and Hard Cap 
	

§ Minimum amount at which ICO will be considered as a success (soft cap): 
2,000,000 DAN tokens 
 

§ Hard cap is fixed at 60,000,000 DAN tokens sold 
	

	



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

42 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Procedure for the beginning of the sale 
	 	 	 	

On the first day of the sale, preregistered users will receive an email informing 

them of the beginning of the sale session to take place on the company website 

(https://www.daneel.io). 

 

During the process of the sale, we will also rely on the platform and service of our 

Coin Payments partner https://www.coinpayments.net. 

	

Details of the process  

	

To proceed with the purchase of DAN tokens during the sale phase, each client will 

have to follow the procedure described below.  

	

Step	1:	Connection	to	the	client	space	

	

	

	



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

43 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

The user connects to their client space after registering their email and password 

and providing validation through the Captcha system.  

 

 

Step	2:	Validation	of	terms	and	conditions	

	

	

The user accepts the terms and conditions. 

	

Step	3:	Registration	of	personal	information	

	

	



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

44 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

 

The user fills in the different required fields to provide their personal information 

and the ETH address through which they will receive DAN tokens. 

	

Step	4:	Selection	of	Cryptocurrency	

 

 
 

The user is directed to the participation page of our partner « Coinpayments ». 

 

They will then need to select the cryptocurrency with which they wish to buy DAN 

tokens, fill in their personal information then confirm the payment request. 

	

Step	5:	Payment		

	

	

	

	

	
Adresse	



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

45 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

The user sends the amount requested in the chosen currency to the indicated 

address. The payment will be valid when the sufficient amount of Blockchain 

validation is reached. 

 

Step	6:	Validation	

	

	

	

Once the payment is validated, the user will receive a confirmation email from 

Coinpayments informing them that the transaction is validated. A tracking number 

will be included in this email: it must be kept safe. 

Once the sale is over, they will be invited to fill in the compatible Ethereum ERC20 

address on which they wish to receive DAN tokens. 

They will be then credited with the number of tokens corresponding to their 

investment. 

 

The secure space on the site https://www.daneel.io details the transactions 

performed and the payments received. 

 

For more information refer to the online help at https://www.daneel.io/help.html, 

or contact us by email on contact@daneel.io   

	 	



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

46 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Request for personal information (KYC) 
	

In order to participate in the sale, and with the purpose of complying with the rules 

of good practice regarding transparency during the raising of funds, we require 

certain information from investors. 

The following information will need to be transmitted before any DAN token 

purchase by the user during subscription to the platform: 

§ Name and surname 

§ Address and country of residence 

§ Phone number 

§ Email address 

The investor will also declare, by validating their subscription: 

§ That they are in compliance with existing legislation in their country of 

residence 

§ That they are authorised to participate in such a sale 

 

Minimum investment during the ICO 
	

The minimum purchase amount to participate in the ICO is fixed at: 100 USD per 

participant.  

	

Transfert of DAN tokens after the ICO 
	

All	DAN	tokens	will	be	sent	to	the	investors	in	a	period	of	3	weeks	after	the	ICO.	

	

Refund and Cancellation 
	

No refunds will be available, as a cryptocurrency payment is sent by the user 

during the DAN tokens sale operation. Please refer to the legal notices below for 

more information. 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

47 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Use of Private Data 
	

The private data collected during registration as well as the data linked to the 

Daneel platform use and its services are the property of the company. The data 

may be used for analytical purposes, to provide better results for users and to 

improve our artificial intelligence system. 

Nevertheless, the society undertakes to neither use this information for 

commercial research nor to sell this information for use by other companies. Please 

refer to the legal notices below for more information. 

	

Security 
	

The security of our user platform is at the heart of our concern. That’s why our 

company will regularly have our services audited by global security experts and by 

partners. 

The platform’s web security and that of your personal data is reinforced thanks to 

the services of partners specialized in hosting and informational security. 

	

	

	

	  



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

48 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

	

THE TEAM 
	

	

Joseph BEDMINSTER 

CEO-Founder of Daneel 

Specializing in software engineering, Joseph has previously 

worked for companies and startups in France on a freelance 

basis.	 In 2015, he co-founded the startup, Bonanza and 

assumed the position of Chief Technical Officer. 

Renowned for its matching algorithm, the service makes it 

possible to efficiently link companies with students looking for 

positions. The company soon won over the French public and 

is today in a phase of international expansion. Joseph was 

then hired as a manager in a research and innovation 

laboratory. Responsible for making prototypes for companies, 

his work has led him to explore the areas of Artificial 

Intelligence, conversational assistant technologies, and Big 

Data. 

His background has allowed him to work with companies such 

as IBM, discovering Watson’s services, and also to collaborate 

with Microsoft.  

Passionate about cryptocurrency, he dreamt of an assistant 

system capable of responding to user requests using natural 

language. In 2017, he decided to embark on the adventure of 

creating the company Daneel Assistant.  

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

49 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Harold KINET 

Communication Director 

With an international background, Harold started his career in 

the Defense & Security sector as a journalist and marketing 

manager for a well implanted communication agency 

specialized in cutting-edge technologies for security. He finally 

quit the Security sector to join the Belgian joint venture WOW 

Group involved in wave generators and industrial technology 

- one having led to the other. As marketing manager at WOW 

Company (wave generators), he specializes as international 

tradeshow manager and media planning for the largest 

attractions fairs in USA, Middle East, Europe and Asia.  After 

going around the world, Harold gets involved in the 

“CryptoSphere” as investor in the first instance before joining 

Daneel’s team. He truly believes in the convergence between 

Artificial Intelligence and decision-making which will allow 

investors to save time with an all-in-one solution. 

 

 

 

 

 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

50 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Selim RINAZ 

Chief Technology Officer 

An experienced developer, Selim is passionate about artificial 

intelligence and autonomous systems. With his experience as 

a software developer and project manager, he has 

successfully implemented complex systems for large groups 

and developing startups.  

Having become an expert in the design of chatbots for the 

health sector, Selim has designed automated systems for 

large world-class groups that are capable of communicating 

with a multitude of sensors and users simultaneously.  

Demonstrating rapidly his ability to master Blockchain and 

Ethereum technologies, he has come on board as our software 

solution architect.  

 

Guillaume GUERIN  

Developer 

Guillaume has had the opportunity to work on large projects 

related to the Ethereum Blockchain. One example is the 

prototyping of a private network based on energy exchange 

and self-regulation (SUNPAY), as well as the development of 

a mobile application for the transfer of ERC20 tokens (an 

open-source project). He is a back-end developer and is very 

interested in cryptocurrencies. With his skills in mobile and 

web development and his Blockchain experiences, Guillaume 

is in charge of the structures of the mobile applications for 

Daneel's iOS and Android services.  



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

51 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Rangana PUCHIHEWA 

International Community Manager 

Rangana is a highly qualified/skillful Electrical Engineer with 

strong abilities in Electrical Engineering. Furthermore, He is 

an author of several IEEE Research Papers, Block-Chain 

Enthusiast, Crypto-Currency Researcher, Initial Coin Offering 

Promoter, Investor and Entrepreneur. He has been working 

as a community manager for many blockchain projects.  He is 

qualified in CIM with a CPM, participant in CIMA global 

Challenge Competition and hold strong abilities in marketing, 

Rangana has turned his focus in to promoting blockchain 

projects as a hobby. He maintains a well-known 

cryptocurrency group for helping most of the newbies to the 

field. Rangana has joined Daneel as the International 

Community Manager. 

 

Fabien DUCOUDRAY 

Global Branding Director 

Crypto-enthusiast, investor and lover of new technologies, 

Fabien joined the Daneel team to work as a Community 

Manager. As an engineer dedicated to work on daily customer 

feedback, product improvements, innovation and user 

experience feedback in controlled environments, Fabien 

quickly understood Daneel's potential.  

Fabien joined Daneel and is now in charge of animating the 

French community of users.  

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

52 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

	

THE ADVISORS 
	

  Jean-Hugues LAURET 

Serial Entrepreneur 

A graduate of the University of California in Computer 

Systems and Telecommunications, Jean Hugues worked for 

major national telecommunications groups (Orange Group), 

then as Director of Development and Innovation at SVP (SAP 

ERP). 

An entrepreneur since 2001, he founded a multitude of 

companies in France, UK, Switzerland and the United States 

in the fields of new technologies. In 2010, he became head of 

the innovation division of the prestigious French school Mines-

Télécom, and conducts research in the fields of Cloud and Big 

Data. Since 2016, he has been president of the Connect 

Territories group, and has accompanied startups on 

Blockchain, IoT and renewable energies. 

 

Alexandre LACOUR  

CTO at SOMEFLU / Advisor & mentor at IONIS361 - 
French startup incubator 
 
A graduate in computer engineering from EPITECH, Alexandre 

spent 6 years as CTO at SOMEFLU, a leading company in the 

centrifugal pump industry. In charge of IT architecture from 

2005 to 2011, he then became executive director of the 

company in January 2011. Diversifying his activities, he also 

became a partner at CTO-Partners, and provided advice to 

startups in the French ecosystem.  



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

53 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Since January 2017, he has become a mentor and advisor for 

the IONIS361 business incubator in Paris, France. He mainly 

works as an expert in fields related to data processing in 

companies: Big Data, Artificial Intelligence and Machine 

Learning.  

Bringing his contacts and his knowledge to the project's 

cause, he is our main technical adviser.  

 

Christophe GUITTET 

Manager - Artificial Intelligence (Watson) and 

Cognitive Business Solutions at IBM 

 
Christophe began his career as a consultant at IBM in the 

"Strategy & Transformation" consulting department. After 

three years working on innovative projects, he joined at its 

creation the IBM Watson french team to develop his expertise 

in Artificial Intelligence and Cognitive solutions: NLP / NLU, 

conversational, visual recognition, smart search etc. 

 

Passionate about cognitive science since and philosophy of 

language, semiology and neuropsychology he is now in charge 

of managing Watson teams and delivering strong cognitive 

projects for IBM’s major industry customers. 

In February 2018 he has been recognized as one of "the 100 

French people who matter in Artificial Intelligence" by Usine 

Nouvelle (a french tech and innovation specialist) 

 

Christophe has joined Daneel as an IBM Watson advisor. 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

54 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Pierre FERTOUT  

Blockchain advisor @Sodexo / Teacher @ESSEC 

Business School / Founder of Startup-stud.io 

A convinced “Strategeek”, passionate about Cryptocurrencies 

and blockchain applications, Pierre has worked for 5 years as 

Strategy & Management Consultant for Stanwell Consulting. 

He worked for the top management of the biggest financial 

institutions of France before joining Sodexo as a Digital 

Project Manager in 2015, working with 36 Countries.  

Since 2015, Pierre has been a teacher at ESSEC Business 

School (ranked Business School #2 in Finance) for the 

Advanced Master Strategy & Management of International 

Business (ranked #4 worldwide) and he has supervised the 

writing of 35 theses, including 5 about the Blockchain. 

Since May 2017, Pierre has, as well, co-founded the Startup-

stud.io (Start Up creation accompaniment) and participated in 

the development of 7 start ups in different universes, among 

others A.I. and Blockchain. 

Pierre has joined Daneel to bring all its energy to the 

Partnership team 

 

Astrid NOIZAT 

Chief Digital Officer at ALTAVIA 

Crypto-enthusiast, passionate about innovation and digital 

transformation, Astrid managed digital agencies and was 

Chief digital officer of a major communication group for the 

last 3 years, working with customers and agencies in 30 

countries. 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

55 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

Astrid has many experiences in advising startups and 

innovative solutions in different fields, in France and Europe, 

throughout the creation of a corporate fund. 

 

Christophe FONTENEAU 

Startup specialist & COO at 1KUBATOR 

Partner of 1kubator, France's largest digital incubator, 

Christophe is an innovation player. His background makes him 

a specialist in corporate marketing and corporate 

development. 

 

 

Vidal CHRIQUI 

Vidal Chriqui graduated from Ecole des Mines de Paris. He 

specialized in big data and distributed systems which led him 

to very early work on Bitcoin and later on Ethereum, showing 

a strong expertise in micropayment channels. Fascinated by 

the Bitcoin protocol he envisioned as a masterpiece of 

computer architecture, mixing technical and economic 

considerations, he launched "Blockchain Révolution". That is 

the first free french speaking video series about bitcoin and 

blockchain, offering hours of exclusive lessons and interviews. 

Vidal is a regular speaker at blockchain conferences and a 

lecturer at french Grandes Ecoles. Vidal has also been working 

as a technical advisor to successful token sales (> 50M€), 

contributing to smart contracts writing or review, whitepaper 

writing and tokenomics design. 

 



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

56 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

 
	

JOIN THE DANEEL COMMUNITY 
	

	

	

	

	 	 	

	

	

	

	

	 	

	

	

	

	

	

	

 

 

 

 

 
 

https://www.facebook.com/daneelproject		

https://twitter.com/daneelproject		

https://medium.com/@daneel_project		

https://t.me/projectdaneel		

https://daneel.io/ico/slack-invite		



WHITEPAPER 
 
 

57 WWW.DANEEL.IO 

 
 

 

 

 

 


