






















 

 
An Operating System for Collective Intelligence 

 

White Paper​ V1.1  

April 22nd, 2018 

 

Work in progress, comments are welcome. 

 

Abstract 

DAOstack is an operating system for collective intelligence and a new form of human association: the DAO.                                 

Decentralized Autonomous Organizations have captured the imagination of the best minds in the blockchain                           

space, but despite their promise have yet remained unachievable. A central missing element is a solid framework                                 

for decentralized blockchain governance, and in particular scalable and resilient governance protocols that can                           

support the processing of large number of crowd decisions effectively. At the base of the DAO stack, Arc is a                                       1

modular and adaptive framework for governance and collective value management over the blockchain. Just as                             

HTTP allows the creation and interoperability of web sites and web applications, Arc allows the creation and                                 

interoperability of web ​companies​, collaborative apps and DAOs, as well as the crypto-economic alignment of                             

their interests. Implemented with novel Holographic Consensus protocols that allow a scalable consensus, the                           

result is a new web of open collaboration, in which global networks can self-organize around shared goals and                                   

joint action. We believe that DAOs will impact every territory of life and will jumpstart the evolution of society                                     

toward a more cooperative and sustainable future. 

 

1 Derived from the Greek word Arche, meaning “method of government”. 

 



 

Table of Content 

Abstract 1 

1. Introduction 4 

2. DAO: The Future of Organization 5 
Legacy Organizations 5 
The Blockchain 6 
Agencies 6 
DAOs 7 
Open Organizations 11 

3. Blockchain Governance 12 
Example 13 
Blockchain Governance structure 15 
Scalability 19 
DAOstack voting system 21 

4. The DAO stack 23 
Arc 24 
Arc.JS 29 
The ArcHives 29 
Alchemy 31 

5. The GEN Economy 31 
Circular Token Economy 31 
DAO Economy 32 
The GEN Model 34 

 

   

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

1. Introduction 
Since first appearing on the planet, humankind has been constantly inventing new ways to organize and increase                                 

the scale of cooperation with more and more effective structures, from the nuclear family and tribes to states,                                   

corporations, and the global economy. The most advanced organization thus far, the Internet, opened the door                               

for real-time information exchange at a worldwide scale, but it lacks the economic means for general-purpose                               

coordination and global peer-production. The Blockchain made this possible by providing a reliable, open and                             

programmable accounting system, consequently leading to the invention of the Decentralized Autonomous                       

Organization (DAO). 

 

DAOs are open, self-organized networks coordinated by crypto-economic incentives and self-executing code,                       

cooperating around shared goals. Powered by the network effect, DAOs provide a revenue model and incentive                               

for the production of open, shareable resources (such as open-source code and a music file). With the creation                                   

of more open resources, the DAO will be able to scale indefinitely while keeping its agility and coherence, and in                                       

many cases outcompete existing corporate structures. DAOs have attracted top talents in the blockchain space,                             

holding promise for more efficient and resilient organizations. Despite this, they have lacked critical elements to                               

be successfully deployed so far, and in particular an adequate decentralized governance system.  

 

DAOstack is an operating system for DAOs. With DAOstack, thousands of open-source creators can jointly                             

produce decentralized applications (DApps), while distributing individual ownership in the product to                       

contributors of value. Crowd curators can cooperatively own and manage multi-valued ranking systems to                           

compete with Yelp, TripAdvisor, or YouTube. And autonomous networks can run their collective investment                           

or insurance fund. We believe DAOs will radically change the way people organize, from startups to                               

corporations, to nonprofits and even nation-states. DAOstack develops the foundational elements needed to                         

enable this transition to the future of work. 

 

In the next chapter we describe the future of the DAO: an ​acentric , ​anti-rival​, scalable cooperation (to be                                   2

defined below). In the third chapter we explore the topic of blockchain and in particular DAO governance. In                                   

the fourth chapter we present our technology: the DAO stack that enables this new form of organization, and                                   

give multiple examples for its usage. In the fifth and last chapter we elaborate on the DAOstack economy, the                                     

GEN token and its engine of growth.  

 

 

2 The common term is ‘​decentralized’,​ but we find ‘​acentric’​ (= has no center) ​more ​elegant and accurate. 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

2. DAO: The Future of Organization 
The ability to well-organize and coordinate a large number of individuals is one of the greatest forces and drivers                                     

of society, which has gone through constant evolution over thousands of years. In this chapter we describe the                                   

challenges of the legacy organization today, and a new possible form of web organization: the DAO. 

Legacy Organizations 

Cooperation of agents increases their efficiency with respect to external competing market forces. This is the                               

basic origin of the company and the reason organizations want to grow. However, coordination of agents                               3

entails increasing coordination cost as the organization grows, and that is why organizations cannot grow                             

indefinitely.  

 

When growing, organizations need more rigid structure in place, and thus face a growing challenge to: a)                                 

maintain agility with respect to rapidly changing conditions, and b) preserve alignment of interests, trust and                               

engagement among their members. In short, the larger an organization is, the more internal friction it needs to                                   

cope with; the smaller it is, the more external competition is predominant. The actual size of a company is                                     

generally the sweet spot balancing between these two forces. 

 

Once in a while, the introduction of a new technology or paradigm shift enables the reduction of coordinational                                   

cost, pushing up the scale and efficiency of organizations to new levels. It triggers a transition in the landscape of                                       

work and business, and thereafter a social change too, as was exactly the case with the invention of                                   

crowdsourcing and the Internet itself.  

 

The Internet allowed for an open, real-time and peer-to-peer information exchange on a global scale. As such,                                 

the Internet media has become more effectively scalable than traditional media outlets, and has quickly                             

assimilated the latter. However, the Internet by itself does not support open, peer-to-peer exchange of value and                                 

general-purpose coordination, and is thus limited in its potential to power global cooperation. 

The Blockchain 

Blockchain is the second internet revolution, doing for value and business what the Internet has done for                                 

information and media. It allows unprecedented levels of crowd coordination by eliminating altogether the                           

3 ​As​ formalized by Coase in his famous paper “The Nature of the Firm”. 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

issues of fault and trust, and consequently forms the technological basis for Decentralized Autonomous                           

Organizations (DAOs). A DAO is a new form of scalable, self-organizing cooperation, that is operated by smart                                 

contracts on the blockchain. Many believe that DAOs hold the promise for the future of business and work,                                   

but despite a lot of traction in the blockchain community around this subject, a successful governance system                                 

and operational basis for DAOs is still missing. 

Agencies 

The building blocks of DAOs are ​smart companies​, or ​agencies (we will use those terms interchangeably). A                                 

smart agency is an atomic governance unit that is managed and operated with smart contracts on the                                 

blockchain. It has its own ​token (related to benefits of the company’s resources), its own ​reputation ​systems                                 

(related to credibility and influence in company matters), and its own governance system (its “bylaws” encoded                               

in smart contracts).  

 

The governance protocol embedded in the smart contract of an agency can be anything one can come up with.                                     

A simple example is a proposal-based governance system, with a yes/no majority vote on proposals needed for                                 

approval and execution (which become a single action in smart companies). Proposals might be about token                               

distribution, for example, and votes can be weighted by the voter reputation. We will give a handful of other                                     

examples in the next chapter. In a heuristic visualization it could look like this: 

 

A​ schematic illustration of a blockchain agency.  

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

 

The solid balls represent agents in the company; their distance from the center reflects their influence power, or                                   

reputation (the closer they are the more influence they have); and their size reflects their native token possession                                   

(the larger the ball the more of the company’s tokens they hold). One agent is proposing to allocate 5 ETH to                                         

agent A for her valuable contribution of fixing bug XXX. The agents of the company vote, with their vote                                     

weighted by their reputation, and as soon as a majority of reputation holders agree with the proposal the                                   

contract automatically executes the suggested token allocation.  

DAOs 

Agencies operate with smart contracts on the blockchain. They follow verifiable rules that cannot be broken                               

and are changeable only in accordance with the rules themselves. They may or may not be autonomous                                 

depending on their chosen governance system; for example, an agency can reserve a veto option on its own                                   

decision making process for another agency.  

 

A DAO is a centerless mesh network of agencies, which is also an agency in itself. There is no single point of                                           

control, or failure, in the organization. Instead of central management there is indirect coordination between                             

agents, also known in biology as stigmergy, triggered by incentives and code. A DAO is a self-organizing entity,                                   

and at large better resembles an organism rather than an organization.  

Scalability 

The one common factor of all legacy organizations is that they are “sub-scalable”. Which means that they                                 

become less and less effective as they grow in the number of agents and number of decisions they need to make.                                         

Free markets, the Internet and network-effect based applications (such as Facebook and Airbnb) are all                             

“super-scalable” structures — that become more effective as they grow in members and interactions. With this                               

terminology, the DAO is a “super-scalable organization”, that assimilates the efficiency, agility and scalability of                             

free markets, while maintaining the coherence of a startup and the ability to pursue scalable missions. 

DAO Topology 

There are various modes of decentralization, and accordingly various modes to think about DAOs with respect                               

to an agency. The commonly known way to think about DAOs is the large assembly mode:  

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

 

The assembly mode of a DAO. 

 

In an ​assembly ​mode of a DAO, a large number of agents are interacting in decision making within a single                                       

agency via its smart contract, assuming that reputation, and thus decision-making power, is fairly distributed.                             

Despite being the simplest, this mode is inherently in tension with scalability and has a limit on its processing                                     

capacity, while maintaining resilience. We will introduce tricks to extend the process capability of this DAO                               

mode as well, but by itself it cannot be the entire answer. 

 

The second mode of decentralization is the ​fractal federal governance​:  

 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

 

The fractal federal-governance mode of a DAO. 

 

In the extreme fractal federal-governance mode of a DAO, the DAO is an agency with a a few agents, each of                                         

which is itself an agency with a few agents, each of which is itself an agency, and so on and so forth. In reality,                                               

the DAO would probably be somewhere in between those two modes, and well beyond, as a nested mesh                                   

network of agencies, interwoven with other DAOs through shared agencies: 

 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

 

 

The complex mesh-network mode of a DAO. 

 

The complex DAO mesh network will naturally arise from its building blocks (agencies) with the infrastructure                               

provided by the DAO stack. Power can be well distributed in a ​meritocratic way across the DAO in order to                                       

effectively utilize its collective wisdom and benefit the organization as a whole. 

Known Decentralized Structures 

Decentralized structures are abundant in nature. The human body is a decentralized structure made of organs,                               

sub-organs and sub-sub-organs, all the way to the atomic cells, which themselves have their internal structure.                               

The functionality of the body is pretty decentralized and no cell instruct other cells what to do. Rather, each cell                                       

is autonomously operating according to inputs it receives from its environment. The sense of an organism —an                                 

autonomous and sential human being, is an emergent phenomena apparent only at the collective level.  

 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

An ant colony is a decentralized structure. It functions without central management or control (the queen                               

doesn’t decide about the colony, it lays eggs), and individual ant behaves in reaction to the conditions of its                                     

nearest environment. The sensible colony is an emergent phenomena at the collective level, derived from an                               

indirect coordination of ants which need not even communicate directly with one another. 

 

The Internet is a human-based decentralized structure. It is an acentric system which has gracefully scaled to                                 

more than 2bn users over fifty years of existence. Its dynamic self-governance helped it evolve and upgrade itself                                   

over time just like a living system. The Internet does not support internal value distribution, though, so it lacks                                     

an inherent economic incentive model for engagement. Its functionality is thus limited to the distribution of                               

information. 

 

In fact, the blockchain itself is the closest existing thing to a DAO (more accurately, it is DApp). It is a                                         

centerless, living organism operated by a wide crowd of engaged members (AKA ​miners​). With a new form of                                   

internal economic incentive model, it opens the door for growth and adoption levels never seen before. At the                                   

time of writing, the Bitcoin blockchain network has grown from zero to over $100bn in value without any                                   

central management or coordination. The Ethereum blockchain has similarly grown to $50bn in four years!                             

(Which means the lucky investors of the Ethereum crowdsale have seen their investment going up about 2000                                 

times in that time window.) But the functionality of these value-based DApps is limited, and an additional                                 

element is needed to enable general-purpose DAOs that could organize around general purposes. The DAO                             

stack is that missing element. 

Open Organizations 

Our current economic system is based on an approximately zero-sum, or win-lose game. The force of                               

competition triggers evolution toward peak performance, but which is maximized with respect to local rather                             

than a global win. (I.e. a company optimizes with respect to its own survival, and not with respect to the benefit                                         

of a larger whole. ) This is the problem of non-cooperative Nash equilibrium. The meaning of Nash                               4

equilibrium is that, while another cooperative equilibrium may exist and is better for everyone, no single agent                                 

has the incentive to change her strategy alone. It is a problem of large-scale coordination that prevents the                                   

transition from competition to cooperation.  

 

This non-cooperative Nash equilibrium prevails almost everywhere, but in the domain of production and                           

development it shows up clearly in the form of closure or obscurity (if not deceit) of knowledge and                                   

information, and more generally anti-rival resources. Anti-rival resources are unlimited in usage, and rather                           

4 ​The same holds true for any sovereign entity, down to the individual level. 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

become more valuable the more they are being in use. A common example is code; it is never consumed, and                                       

rather the more eyes are on it the better (and safer) the code is. At the same time, companies have no incentive to                                             

open-source their code, as otherwise they would asymmetrically give advantage to their competitors. On the                             

other hand, clearly, if ten competing companies produce a similar product, they could have all benefited from                                 

co-producing the shared elements of their products rather than all independently producing them on their own.                               

This conundrum is probably most notable in the pharmaceutical industry.  

 

Intellectual Property (IP) is the traditional means to turn anti-rival resources into scarce elements, thus make                               

them sellable, but it has become less and less sensible, as well as practical, in today’s accelerated pace of                                     

invention. 

 

Opening up shared resources is inconsistent with the current economy. But on the other hand, it is the very                                     

basis for large-scale, open collaboration, or DAOs. To be effective, the DAO needs to incentivize and reward the                                   

sharing of reusable components. In result, more existing shareable components will support the growth and                             

effectivity of the DAO. Open organizations is the means to shift from the current non-cooperative Nash                               

equilibrium to a future cooperative state. However, DAOs will replace the existing corporate structures not                             

because they are nicer or more moral, but rather simply since they will be far more effective.  

 

3. Blockchain Governance 
Agency is the basic unit of governance over the blockchain. A blockchain governance system is a state-transition                                 

function, that collects inputs from blockchain addresses and under certain rules spells out an output in terms of                                   

the blockchain global state transition.  

 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

Blockchain governance system. 

 

Instead of unwrapping this statement in formal language, let us explain it via an example.  

Example 

The simplest possible agency manages an ETH fund, and internally only has its native FND token. We will call                                     

it Fundis. There are only three rules in the Fundis governance system: 

 

1. The only collective decision that Fundis makes is sending ETH from its main wallet to a certain 

blockchain address (i.e. make an investment). This action is initiated by a proposal that is put up by 

some agent: say, agent X proposes to send 1000 ETH to address A. Then agents vote yes or no on that 

proposal, weighted by the number of FND that the voter has in her address: 

FND balances of blockchain addresses. 

 

Once a majority of FND holders approve a proposal, it is automatically executed.  

 

2. The second rule of Fundis is that upon its establishment, FND tokens are issued and sended to buyers,                                   

one FND per ETH, for a period of one week.  

 

3. The third and final rule is that at any time, any FND holder can send his FND to the main Fundis                                         

wallet, and get back his share of the ETH existing in that wallet at that moment, pro rata. His FND is                                         

destroyed. 

 

There are a few immediate issues with this governance system, such as: 

 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

1. It might be very hard to recruit a majority of FND holders to vote on one proposal. This issue is related                                         

to governance scalability, which we will discuss in length below. 

2. It can be corrupted by a 51% attack. Say, there is $100m worth of ETH in the Fundis wallet. And, say,                                         

that it costs $60m to buy half of all FND tokens in the market. Then, an agent with enough liquid                                       

capital can purchase just above half of the FNDs in the market, and immediately thereafter make a                                 

proposal to send all ETH to his own address. That’s an easy $40m hit. This problem is related to                                     

resilience, which is the second topic we will cover below. 

3. It is not clear (and probably not true) that those who hold more tokens would make the best                                   

investment decisions. It is not a deal-breaker, but might be leading to a pretty ineffective investment                               

fund. This is in tension with meritocracy, which is another important criteria. 

4. For further illustration, an additional attack is made by making the proposal to distribute all of Fundis                                 

ETH into addresses that will vote yes on this proposal, pro rata. Perhaps in the beginning decent agents                                   

will refrain from approving this cunning proposal; but once the first approvals will come, there will be                                 

a growing pressure for approving it (and not losing all of your money), until an avalanche effect will                                   

take place and the cunning proposal will be approved. This to demonstrate that resilience is a tricky                                 

issue. 

5. Finally, even after the Fundis creators have realized that its governance system is heavily flawed, they                               

cannot do much about it since Fundis governance system is not upgradable, which is another criteria                               

we would like to impose. 

 

This simple governance system highlights almost all of the issues with blockchain governance, which we will                               

discuss below. It also demonstrates the initial statement above: “A blockchain governance system is a                             

state-transition function, that collects inputs from blockchain addresses and under certain rules spells out a                             

global-state transition.”  

 

Indeed, there are four types of inputs that agents can inject into the company:  

 

1. Submitting a proposal;  

2. Voting yes or no on an existing proposal;  

3. Sending ETH to Fundis in order to buy FND in the first week of its establishment; 

4. And sending FND to Fundis in order to claim back one’s ETH share. 

 

There are three possible actions (resulting with a global-state transitions) Fundis can make, and three rules of its                                   

governance system to trigger them correspondingly: 

 

1. Issuing and sending FND to senders of ETH in the first week (1 FND per ETH); 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

2. Sending ETH from Fundis wallet to senders of FND, pro rata (and burning the FND); 

3. Sending ETH to an address following a successful proposal (as described above). 

Reputation Systems 

Instead of weighing votes of agents with their native token stake, a company can have different balance sheets to                                     

denote the influence of agents inside votes. Generally, reputation scores are non-transferable assets — an agent                               

cannot transfer its reputation to another agent. The simplest case is when a company has a single reputation                                   

system — meaning, the same influence score for all types of decisions. More generally, a company can maintain                                   

multiple reputation scores that are used for different cases. Reputation is used here interchangeably with                             

influence power, and can form the basis for a meritocratic governance system, where those who are most                                 

appreciated — due to their past contributions — have the most influence. One way to allocate reputation to                                   

agents would be via proposals. For example, one can propose to allocate 100 FNDr (Fundis reputation score                                 

units) to agent A for her recent valuable contribution C. Reputation can also be algorithmically tied with                                 

economic remuneration of the company to a contributor of value; as well as with one’s votes and evaluations in                                     

relative to the collective. This topic is called reputation flow, and will be covered somewhere else. 

 

Reputation systems alone solves most of the problems of the previous token-based governance system, but it                               

still remains unscalable.  

Blockchain Governance structure 

The governance of an agency can be divided into two types of actions, the ​do’s​ and the ​don’ts​: 

 

1. The ​do’s are the logical and operational rules under which ​agency functionalities can be triggered.                             

For example: if a majority of reputation holders in a DAO approve the issuance of new tokens, token                                   

issuance will be automatically triggered by the DAO’s smart contract. We call these operational logics:                             

governance schemes​. 

 

2. The ​don'ts are the restrictions and limitations that must absolutely be respected by an agency, and that                                 

cannot be violated even by an approved scheme. For example, if a DAO approves an upper cap of one                                     

million tokens, token-issuance schemes will operate only as long as the total number of tokens issued is                                 

less than a million. We call these limitations: ​global constraints​. Constraints can be absolute, or they                               

can be designed to be upgradable under specific conditions. 

 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

We collectively denote governance schemes and global constraints by ​elements​. Given the elements of an                             

agency, its entire governance protocol (including the protocol to change the protocol) is unambiguously                           

defined.  

Agency functionalities 

An agency deployed on the Ethereum blockchain via the DAO stack can, in principle, do anything that can be                                     

done on the blockchain. In particular: 

 

● Token distribution​. Each agency or DAO can issue and distribute its own native tokens to                             
contributors of value, as valued by the organization. The issuance of native tokens enables the                             

organization the creation of its own separate economy. The utility or benefit of the tokens can be                                 

anything that the agency decides about, such as entitling access to the DAO’s product (we will call                                 

these ​utility tokens​), or entitling a share of the agency’s revenue (we will call those ​share tokens​).  

 

● Funds allocation​. An organization can earn, or collect via its own-token sale, external tokens such as                               
ETH, GEN or other DAO’s tokens. It can keep them in reserve, and distribute to third parties in                                   

exchange of a particular effort or contribution. This is somewhat analogous to an agency using its                               

funds to compensate contributors, employees or other service providers.  

 

● Reputation assignment​. Each agency can assign ​reputation scores to its members. Reputation is a                           
representation of one’s professional credibility, and thus influence, within the organization. As                       

opposed to traditional blockchain-based tokens, reputation is not transferable. It is awarded to or                           

earned by specific members, according to their merits and contributions made to the organization.                           

Since reputation is tied with decision-making power in the organization, more reputation should be                           

allocated to those who the organization believes make the best decisions. However, in order not to lock                                 

up decision-making power over time, the organization might decide that reputation dissipates over                         

time.  

 

● Collective data curation​. An organization can manage its own collective databases of objects, and                           
maintain their curation. It can be the curation of articles, website, organizations or anything else. The                               

power of a shared database lies in its network effect; if everyone are looking at the same spot (because                                     

it’s well-curated), then that spot is valuable (and monetizable too). We will see below a few examples                                 

with the collective DAOstack registries, the ArcHives.  

 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

● External activity​. An agency can act within another agency as a single entity. For example, an agency                                 
can submit a proposal inside another agency (or DAO), and vote on others’ proposals.   5

 

● Governance upgrade​. Each organization can configure and update its own governance system. By                         
approving or removing certain elements, the agency defines how it functions, what it can or cannot do,                                 

and what are the mechanisms for changing these governance schemes.  6

Schemes 

Schemes are logical functions made of a series of instructions that take a particular set of inputs, and process                                     

them to generate a particular set of outputs. Schemes can be designed to do virtually anything, although most of                                     

them will trigger one of the basic functionalities of an agency, such as token and fund allocation, reputation                                   

assignment and protocol upgrade. Common schemes are based on ​proposals — the proposition to trigger some                               

of the basic actions of an agency in a particular way. These will then be voted on with ​yes or ​no and be possibly                                               

approved, resulting in the automatic execution of the proposal. 

A simple rewarding scheme 

For example, a simple rewarding scheme in a DAO can be as follows:  

 

● An agent submits a proposal to the DAO to reward 150 tokens and 200 reputation bits to another                                   
agent for contribution made to the DAO.  

● Anyone can vote ​yes​ or ​no​ on this proposal, to be weighted by their DAO reputation score. 
● Once a majority of the DAO reputation holders vote ​yes, ​the DAO’s operating system executes the                               

proposal and allocates 150 tokens and 200 reps to the contributing agent. Note that this agent can also                                   

be yet another agency. 

 

Similarly, when looking back at the Fundis example above, it had three rules, which could be written as three                                     

distinct schemes. Thus, the entire governance system of Fundis is describable via those three elements. We will                                 

use this modularized formalism in the next chapter, when describing the DAO stack and in particular the ​Arc                                   

governance framework. 

A more complicated example 

For the sake of illustration, a fairly more complicated reward scheme could be described as follows: 

5 ​More generally, a DAOstack agency can act anywhere within the blockchain domain, thus preserving full                               
interoperability with other systems. E.g. an agency in DAOstack can open a user in a company in Aragon :) 
6 The agency can also upgrade the technology stack itself, either to an upgraded version of DAOstack, or a whole new                                         
architecture. 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

 

● An agent submits a proposition requesting to be rewarded for a particular contribution. 
● The scheme triggers an alternative voting system, enabling anyone holding reputation in the DAO to                             

propose a specific number of tokens to award the agent with.  

● Votes are weighted by the reputation score of each voter, and the total amount of tokens to be awarded                                     
equals the weighted ​median​ of all voters.  7

● As soon as 20% or more of reputation holders have expressed a vote, and not more than 2% of                                     
reputation was engaged in the vote during the last day, the DAO will allocate the amount of tokens and                                     

a proportionate amount of reputation to the contributing agent, following the median at that moment. 

 

More generally, the spectrum of possible scheme’s design is nearly endless. Schemes can activate different                             

actions (including the functionalities mentioned above), incorporate a variety of different logics, and rely on a                               

variety of different voting systems which might associate voting power with reputation, tokens, or a                             

combination of both. Another common typology of schemes is the one allowing DAOs to offer their native                                 

tokens for sale under some conditions (the so-called token sales).  

Global Constraints 

Global constraints are specific conditions that can be attached to a particular agency or DAO and that will limit                                     

its functionalities. As a general rule, for any operation to go through within a particular agency, it must comply                                     

with the list of constraints configured by the organization. Regardless of the list of approved schemes in the                                   

agency, none of these schemes will be able to trigger a particular functionality in the organization if doing so                                     

would not conform with even a single one of the global constraints.  

 

For instance, global constraints that might be adopted by DAOs and agencies include: 

 

● An upper cap imposed on the total amount of tokens that can be issued by the organization. 
● A rate of token inflation (i.e. dynamic cap) over a time period (e.g. 2% per month). 
● A burn rate on the usage of the an agency’s funds.  
● A maximum amount of reputation that can be issued within a particular time period. 
● A list of agents that can request the issuance of more tokens or reputation (i.e. whitelisting). 
● The registries from which the DAO can approve new schemes. 

 

7 This is the largest number that 50% or more of voting reputation has assigned a larger or equal number of it. 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

An organization can define certain global constraints to be permanent and others to be modifiable. In the latter                                   

case, the organization will also define under what conditions these constraints can be updated (e.g. by a 75%                                   

decision of token holders, or only via this or that specific scheme). 

Scalability 

The scalability of a decentralized governance system is in inherent tension with its resilience. Decentralization                             

requires the system to be open for random participants under certain rules (i.e. it uses an ​open protocol​). By                                     

resilience we mean that we need enough participants to review every decision. But this is clearly in tension with                                     

the scarce resource of participants’ attention, whether it is computing power — in the case of blockchain, or                                   

human attention — in case of DAO governance.  

 

We argue that there are generally three ways to resolve (to some degree) the tension of scalability and resilience                                     

in a decentralized governance system, which are: ​compositionality​, ​attention monetization, and ​relative majority​.                         

The blockchain itself is a form of decentralized governance system, in which these mechanisms are analogous to:                                 

sharding​, ​gas​, and ​off-chain​ computations. 

Compositionality 

Consider the following two cases. In the first, nine agents of a company with equal votes. In the second, three                                       

agents of a company with equal votes, each of which is by itself a company, composed of three agents with equal                                         

votes. A sub-company casts its votes in the mother company as soon as it develops its decision via an internal                                       

majority.  

 

The assembly vs. federated governance.  

 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

It is easy to see that in the first case, it requires the attention and consensus of five human agents in order to cast                                               

a decision in the mother company; whereas it is sufficient to have the consensus of four human agents in the                                       

second scenario to form a decision in the mother company.  

 

This very simple example illustrates the fact that ​compositionality​, or ​fractalization​, of governance systems                           

makes them more scalable. One can argue that by this we have compromised resilience (as less human agents can                                     

take over the system); but we can also observe that not any configuration of four human agents in the second                                       

scenario can form a decision in the mother company. With a deeper scrutiny it can be shown that under                                     

different assumptions the resilience in the second case can be weaker or stronger. 

Monetization of Attention  

Forming a decision requires the attention of voters. The more decisions are there to evaluate, the more attention                                   

is needed. However, attention is a scarce resource. In one way or another, to form a resilient decentralized                                   

decision-making system, attention should be monetized to reflect its inherent scarcity. In the Bitcoin blockchain                             

it is formed in terms of ​transaction fees​, and in the Ethereum blockchain as ​gas​. For DAO governance, attention                                     

needs to be monetized with the token that reflects the community of agents whose attention is being called for.                                     

For internal DAO decisions that would likely be the DAO token, whereas for inter-DAO activities we would                                 

use GENs (GEN), the DAOstack ecosystem token. Note that monetization of attention does not buy decisions,                               

but only buys the attention over proposals; we will elaborate on this point further below.  

Relative Majority 

Naively, a straight-forward way to form scalable decision-making process is by demanding only a relative                             

majority to approve a decision. By relative majority we mean that the majority of approvals is only with respect                                     

to those who cast their vote and not all potential voters in the system.  

 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

 

The size of the balls reflect the voting power of agents. The empty balls are those who have not cast their vote on a 

specific proposal; the darker balls voted yes, and the lighter balls voted no. Clearly, there is no absolute majority of 

approvals, but there is a relative majority of approvals out of all voting agents.  

 

Note that relative majority votes requires a finite time window for the proposal to be considered.  

 

To solve this problem, ​previous systems of governance introduced a ​quorum — the minimal amount of voting                                 

power that needs to be engaged into a decision to make it legitimate for approval. The problem with a quorum                                       

is that it is impossible to fix the right amount of it, and will either damage resilience — if set too low, or                                             

scalability — if set too high, and possibly both. If at all, quorum needs to be dynamic. 

 

We describe next a resilient governance protocol, without a quorum, that is based on relative majority and                                 

attention monetization.  

Attention funnel 

Another trick to improve on scalability is to programmatically focus the entire collective attention at any given                                 

time on a few decisions, and thus enhance attention per decision and guarantee resilience. We describe it                                 

through an example, the simplest decision-making protocol that is potentially decentralized, resilient and                         

partially scalable — in the number of agents the organization can have, but not in the number of decisions the                                       

organization can make. The protocol is described with the following steps: 

 

1. Proposals​. Decisions are initiated by proposals; proposals are submitted by agents and are then voted                             

on with a ​yes​ or ​no​. 

 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

2. Reputation​. Agents’ votes are weighted with their reputation. We confine to a single reputation                           

system per company for now. Sub-companies and sub-sub-companies in a DAO will focus on specific                             

branches of production or decision making. In this fractal framework, the notion of a single reputation                               

score per company is not inconceivable.  

 

3. Boosted proposals​. Once a proposal is ​boosted — by means defined below — it is opened for voting                                   

for a finite time (say, 2 weeks), by the end of which a decision — yes or no — is made according to the                                               

relative majority of voters reputation (i.e. majority out of all those who placed a vote during that time). 

 

4. Quiet ending​. To avoid finalization attacks, the effective decision (majority of yes or no) cannot be                               

changed in the ending interval (of, say, 1 day). Meaning, if on the last day of opening the majority                                     

changed from yes to no (or vice versa), the opening interval is extended by another day. The vote is                                     

closed only once there is no change of decision during the last day of voting. 

 

5. Boosting stack​. At any point in time there can only be a finite number of boosted proposals, say, 10.                                     

All other proposals stand in a queue, and are ordered by a ranking system. Every time a proposal in the                                       

boosting stack is finalized, the proposal with the highest rank in the queue enters the boosting stack and                                   

is opened for finite-time voting. 

 

6. Promotion​. Anyone can propagate a proposal up in the queue by placing GEN tokens on stake. If the                                   

proposal is successful the promoter gets back her tokens plus some possible profit; and otherwise they                               

are destroyed, going to the DAO, or distributed to voters according to the specifics of the protocol. 

  

7. Ranking system​. The ranking system of proposals in the queue can be a function of , and ,                             R+  R−    B  

where ( is the amount of reputation already voting yes (no) on this proposal and B is the total  R+ )R−                                    

amount of tokens staked to promote that proposal. A simple sensible choice could be, for example,                               

. Note that anyone can promote an existing proposal, not only the proposer.(R )+ − R−
2 · B  

 

Finally, rather than limiting the number of boosted proposals, we can have a boosting threshold for the scoring                                   

function of proposals in queue, above of which proposals are being boosted. This alternative way solves for                                 

scalability, but again potentially compromises resilience. An additional element is needed. 

Holographic Consensus 

We have discussed above a variety of solutions to resolve the scalability problem of governance systems, the ​core                                   

tension between scalability and resilience; but at least so far did so partially. This is an issue for any consensus                                       

 

 

DAO​stack 

https://medium.com/daostack/decentralized-governance-first-principles-1fc6eaa492ed
https://medium.com/daostack/decentralized-governance-first-principles-1fc6eaa492ed


 

system: too much of the collective attention spent on each decision makes the system unscalable; while too little                                   

potentially makes it not resilient to faulty decisions, or not representative of the consensus. Naive consensus is                                 

simply not scalable.  

 

To fully overcome this problem a decentralized and scalable governance system has to allow for “edge decisions”                                 

that are made by non-majority groups, as long as they are ensured to be in line with the consensus. We coin this                                           

situation “holographic consensus”, reminiscent of a hologram in which each little piece of the three-dimensional                             

image contains the information of the entire picture. While we fully elaborate on this in a separate article, we                                     

would like to draw here the basic principles behind holographic consensus.  

 

In holographic consensus we want to eliminate possible mismatches between decisions made by small groups on                               

behalf of the greater majority and the decision that would have been made by the greater majority itself, if                                     

enough attention was available. To eliminate possible mismatches, we introduce a novel prediction game, in                             

which anyone — not necessarily a DAO reputation holder — can place predictions, backed by stake, on the fate                                     

of proposals. You can identify an under-appreciated proposal and place a 100 GEN stake on the prediction that                                   

this proposal will pass once attaining the collective attention. Or vice versa, you can stake 200 GEN predicting                                   

that a certain proposal is over-hyped and will not pass as soon as being boosted and tightly considered. Correct                                     

predictors make profits, and incorrect ones lose their stake. By playing the prediction game predictors                             

contribute to the governance process by signaling to, filtering and maintaining the governance process. 

 

Finding out these social mismatches, or inefficiencies, is the most important part of making a collective                               

attention more efficient and a governance system more scalable. By providing stake-backed predictions, the                           

predictors provide valuable signals to the governing network about proposals that are under or over evaluated.                               

An open market is much more efficient in signaling than a static governing body. At the same time, proposals                                     

are only boosted once enough stake has been predicting that they will pass in this DAO, and thus this predicting                                       

game is also used as a filtering layer. And finally, once a proposal is being boosted, there is enough predictors’                                       

skin in the game to make sure the process is effective and that whoever needs to be participating indeed                                     

participated. We use 

crypto-economics incentives to “outsource” the navigation of the collective attention of DAOs to a professional                             

network of predictors.  

 

There’s much more to write about this topic, and we will. But in the meanwhile, we’d like to note that the                                         

suggested solution of holographic consensus comes in close analogy to the way scalability is being solved for                                 

blockchains with off-chain computations. The legacy consensus paradigm that “everyone need to look at                           

everything” is replaced with the idea that “everyone can look at everything; there is nice profit for right behavior;                                     

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

a descent penalty for wrong behavior; and a reward to fish and signal right and wrong behaviors”. A similar logic                                       

has also appeared in Polkadot’s Fishermen protocol. 

 

4. The DAO stack 
DAOstack provides the foundational tools for the creation, operation and governance of DAOs, internally and                             

externally within a broader ecosystem. In a nutshell, it can be regarded as an analogue of ​Wordpress for DAOs                                     

— it does for blockchains what ​WordPress has done for the web. This vision is made possible with the following                                       

stack of components in place: 

 

A sketch of the DAO stack.  

 

The DAOstack ecosystem is made of a multitude of distinct but interoperable DAOs, interacting with one                               

another in order to maximize the potential benefit of open and distributed collaboration. At the technical level,                                 

all DAOs are made of a series of smart contracts, deployed through ​Arc​: a Solidity framework of governance                                   

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

allowing to create, configure, deploy and operate DAOs onto the Ethereum blockchain, possibly relying on                             8

IPFS as an overlay network for data storage and retrieval.  

 

People can interact with these DAOs either directly, through the execution of blockchain transactions, or                             

indirectly, by relying on a particular front-end to the underlying blockchain ecosystem. ​Alchemy is the                             

collaborative DApp ​developed internally by DAOstack, enabling anyone to create a new agency or DAO and                               

start collaborating with others in the DAOstack ecosystem. It relies on ​Arc.js​, a JavaScript ​library that operates                                 

the Arc Solidity framework via Web3.js. It is designed to make it easy for front-end JavaScript developers to                                   

create collaborative applications on top of Arc without the need to interact directly with the Solidity code or the                                     

Ethereum blockchain. The ​ArcHives is a public set of registries, curated by the DAOstack community ​and                               

serving its global ecosystem. It is where the ecosystem and network effect builds up.  

Arc 

Arc is a general governance framework for an interacting internet of blockchain agencies, the basic operating                               

system for DAOs. It is an open-source, modular and general-purpose framework by design, and it comes with                                 

an open library of template governance modules, or ​elements​, that will evolve by the needs of its users. It also                                       

allows an easy upgrade and modification of a governance system to better fit the organization’s needs over time.  

 

Arc is not limited to a specific set of governance systems, and it makes it easy for third parties to create their own                                             

elements per their needs. By combining available ​elements each agency can implement its own governance                             

system that specifies the rules for the issuance, management and assignment of scarce resources, including                             

transferable assets (e.g. tokens) and non-transferable assets (e.g. reputation).  

Architecture 

Arc elegantly implements in smart contracts the basic decomposition of governance systems discussed in the                             

previous chapter, with: ​actions, ​schemes and ​global constraints that every agency can be built of. Below is a visual                                     

representation of the logic and smart contract architecture of the Arc framework: 

8 ​While Arc is currently based on ​Ethereum, the framework ​aims to be blockchain agnostic once other                                 
technolog​ies​ mature and become interoperab​le with one another. 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

 

A sketch of the Arc contract bundle per agency.  

The Controller 

The controller contract is the main engine of the agency. It is “owned” by and gets commands from the                                     

subscribed schemes alone, which operate its functions. Via its functions its sends commands to the ​actors                               

contracts: the ​token and ​reputation ​printers, the funds ​wallet and the ​avatar, ​as well as the upgrading functions                                   

of the governance system and the technical architecture itself.  

 

Subscribed elements 

Subscribed schemes and constraints are elements that have been registered by a previous scheme which is                               

allowed to register schemes. An agency usually begins its life with one such scheme, the ​Genesis Scheme​, but can                                     

add new ones that can register or unregister certain elements under certain conditions. 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

Agent’s input 

The only interface for agents to interact with the agency is via its subscribed schemes. Each scheme comes with                                     

its specific “knobs” (functions) which can be operated by external agents (blockchain addresses) via transactions                             

that call and operate these functions. 

Token printer 

The token printer issues and allocates the native tokens of the agency to agents. It is “owned” by and gets                                       

commands from the controller alone. 

Reputation printer 

The reputation printer assigns the agency reputation to agents. It is “owned” by and gets commands from the                                   

controller alone. 

Wallet 

The ​wallet will be implemented in a next version (at the moment the ​avatar is also the wallet). It holds external                                         

funds owned by the agency and distributes them to agents. It is “owned” by and gets commands from the                                     

controller alone. 

Avatar 

The ​avatar is the “face” of the agency (and its address), which acts externally and is capable of doing — via the                                           

help of particular schemes — anything that can be done on the blockchain. In particular, it can participate as an                                       

agent in other agencies — e.g. submit and vote on proposals — on behalf of its agency. It is also the identity to                                             

which reputation in other agencies is assigned. 

Protocol upgrade 

The controller can — when receiving commands from the ​subscribed schemes ​— register new ​schemes and                               

constraints​, or unregister old ones. Since the governance protocol of an agency is fully specified via its ​elements​,                                   

every agency can easily upgrade and modify its governance system (if this ability is rooted in its existing                                   

protocol). The conditions to perform a protocol upgrade are defined in subscribed schemes that can operate the                                 

elements-(un)registration. The agency can have different conditions to register or unregister different elements.                         

(E.g. it might require a 60% majority of reputation holders to modify the schemes and most of the constraints,                                     

but a 75% majority of token holders to increase the token supply.) 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

Technical upgrade 

The controller has one special function that transfers its ownership over all of the ​actor contracts to a new                                     

address. Whatever would be this new address, it will have a complete control over the assets (transferable and                                   

non-transferable, such as reputation in other agencies) of the agency. It can be an upgrade to an improved                                   

architecture of Arc, or to a whole new architecture, if desired so by the agency. 

Example 

We present below an illustration of the interaction between the above elements: 

 

● An agent wants to activate a certain “reward scheme” of a particular DAO.  
● The agent will submit a transaction to the smart contract of that scheme (possibly via one of the                                   

DApps integrated with Arc), along with the relevant input required for that scheme (e.g. agency,                             

number and type of tokens, recipient address, etc.).  

● Other agents may approve this request with their vote. 
● Once enough votes approve the request — as defined by that specific reward scheme — the reward                                 

scheme will command the controller to execute the proposal (with the specific parameters), and the                             

controller will command the relevant acting contract to execute the reward allocation.  

● All functions governed by the controller are subject to the global constraints registered by the DAO.                               
Global constraints act as both an ex-ante and ex-post modifier. Before executing any function, the                             

controller is required to run all global constraints stored in the array to ensure that they all return false                                     

at this particular point in time. Given that the state of the DAO might change after a function has been                                       

executed, once execution is completed, the controller is required to go — once again — through all                                 

global constraints, and will revert everything to the previous state if any of them returns false. 

Universal elements 

Elements — schemes and constraints — are universal by design. Meaning, all DAOs can rely on the same                                   

universal element contracts rather than deploying their own contract each time. The only contracts that are                               

deployed independently for each agency are the controller and the actors. Such a design contributes to the                                 

scalability, functionality and security of the framework.  

Design Principles 

Arc was designed with the following design principles in mind: 

 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

● Generality​. Arc is a general framework that supports an indefinite number of governance elements.                           
Arc’s library of schemes and global constraints will grow with the addition of new templates and                               

modules, possibly developed by third parties and the open-source DAOstack development community.                       

When combined, it will allow for people to experiment with an increasingly large number of                             

governance protocols, and consequently for the successful ones to float up by evolution and natural                             

selection.  

 

● Modularity​: The Arc framework is highly modular by design. Every DAO’s governance structure is                           
made of small building blocks (the governance modules, or ​elements​) that can easily be added,                             

combined, edited or removed. This modularity becomes a point of efficiency in that these building                             

blocks do not need to be redeployed onto the blockchain, rather only referred to, saving both storage                                 

and operation cost. Moreover, it makes development of sophisticated governance protocols easier and                         

easier the more building blocks exist. Last but not least, it makes contract security management much                               

more sane, whereas writing entire protocols each time from scratch is inconceivable security wise.  

 

● Simplicity​: Arc has been designed with a strong emphasis on simplicity — in terms of both technical                                 
design and usability. The modularity of the framework makes it possible to focus on individual                             

building blocks, whose complexity can be kept to the minimum. As the building blocks are modular                               

and reused, each will receive a lot of individual scrutiny, affording a higher level of vetting and the                                   

corresponding greater level of security. To facilitate ease of use, in Arc, bundles of smart contracts can                                 

be deployed with a single transaction. 

 

● Upgradability​: The governance structure of each DAO can be easily upgraded to use new schemes                             
and constraints or different parameters of existing ones. More granularly, each DAO created through                           

the Arc framework comes with a particular set of rules, which by default include rules to change the                                   

rules. In addition, the DAO also comes with the ability to upgrade its technical architecture and evolve                                 

to a better and better one over time. 

 

● Interoperability​: Arc is designed to facilitate interactions and promote interoperability between                     
different agencies and DAOs. In practice, it means that agencies can interface with other agencies in a                                 

seamless manner, exchange tokens, form agreements, act as individual agents within other agencies and                           

acquire their tokens and reputation. Arc makes it possible for a mesh network of interconnected                             

agencies to emerge and spontaneously create the DAO ecosystem.  

● Openness​: Open frameworks such as Wordpress, Google add-ons and Android invite independent                       
developers to create their own apps, templates and integrations — thereby instantiating and supporting                           

a vibrant development community and which in turn benefits the framework with a wide set of                               

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

applications. Similarly, we expect DAOstack to attract developers from the Ethereum community to                         

develop their own governance modules or frontend DApps — thus creating a thriving plethora of                             

templates, modules, and applications for this emergent ecosystem. The DAOstack code is fully open                           

source, backend and frontend. Another aspect of Arc as an open protocol is that all integrated                               

collaborative DApps are potentially interoperable with one another. Just as users of two web                           

applications can interact with each other since both apps ride on the same open protocol (HTTP), then                                 

users of two collaborative DApps riding on Arc will potentially be able to interact with one another (if                                   

enabled by the collaborative DApps). 

Arc.js 

Arc is a pretty extended Solidity framework, the integration with which requires a sufficient acquaintance with                               

the Solidity smart-contract programming language and the Ethereum blockchain. To make the integration of                           

third-party apps simple for enthusiastic front-end (JavaScript) developers, we have designed Arc.js as an easy                             

JavaScript gate.  

 

Arc.js is a JavaScript library built on top of Web3.js (Ethereum’s JavaScript API), with which any functionality                                 

of the Arc framework can be called directly from within the JavaScript environment, without knowledge of the                                 

Solidity programming language.  

 

We expect this additional layer to make the Arc framework (and the rest of the DAO stack) extensively more                                     

accessible for the open-source development community, and third parties, and thus greatly promote the early                             

adoption of the DAO stack and the growth of its ecosystem. 

The ArcHives 

Arc is the basis operating layer for the DAOstack ecosystem, and the ArcHives are its shared, curated records.                                   

Shared, curated registries can be very powerful, providing a central locus for data integrity and data quality; but                                   

more so, they are the locus for the ecosystem network effect, which is also a source for another open-ecosystem                                     

monetization (i.e. business model). We will describe below the basic ArcHives of DAOstack: Compendium,                           

Mosaic and the Hive Registries, and will explain the monetization model behind them. Beyond these, each                               

agency or DAO can have their own independent registries, and in particular DAOstack can also have many                                 

other registries in the future. 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

Compendium 

Arc’s open framework makes it possible for anyone to deploy new governance ​elements ​— schemes and                               

constraints. For the purpose of security, DAOs will likely decide to limit themselves to schemes that have gone                                   

through exhaustive and professional audit, and more so, have been heavily battle tested. For that purpose,                               

DAOstack has implemented its own “app store” for elements, the Compendium, which records all governance                             

modules that have been approved by the DAOstack expert community.  

 

Compendium provides an additional utility to the GENs. One one hand, it would cost GENs to deploy a                                   

governance module onto the registry. On the other hand, independent developers who develop and register                             

their own elements on Compendium can have a universal business model, collecting a particular amount of                               

GENs (voted on by the DAOstack community) upon every subscription of new agency to that module. It is an                                     

app store for governance modules. All of the elements developed by the DAOstack founding team will remain                                 

free of charge for the community.  

 

Once there is a network effect of users using the Compendium for the elements they subscribe to, the value                                     

proposition of this registry will appreciate and accordingly its monetization capability. It will be more profitable                               

for developers to publish their elements on this registry, and thus to pay the registration fee. The registration fee                                     

is also useful to filter spam publications, as it will only be profitable if the element will be approved and                                       

sufficiently used by the DAOstack ecosystem. 

Mosaic 

DAOstack also implements an organization registry that records a list and metadata of all agencies and DAOs                                 

deployed through the Arc framework. This database is critical for the interoperability of all collaborative                             

DApps and organizations in the DAOstack ecosystem. Mosaic will be curated by the DAOstack community,                             

which also implements a search engine to facilitate discovery. Just like in the case of the Compendium, it will                                     

cost GENs to register or promote an organization on the Mosaic registry. 

The Hive 

The Hive is where innovators, professionals and stakeholders can meet each other within multiple                           

organizations. It is an open billboard that everyone can use to post requests or offers, which are registered and                                     

can be promoted by spending GENs. The Hive registry is curated by the DAOstack community, which, again,                                 

also implements a search engine to facilitate discovery. While each collaborative DApp may have its own                               

(non-blockchain) database, the Hive is where all collaborative DApps can maintain data interoperability and                           

enhance the network effect. 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

Alchemy 

The DAO stack is designed to make it easy for independent developers and third parties to develop their own                                     

collaborative application on top of Arc and to be integrated with the DAO stack and its community. At the                                     

same time, DAOstack itself develops its native collaborative DApp which makes it easy to interface with Arc:                                 

open agencies and DAOs, configure their governance protocol, make proposals and vote on existing ones,                             

collaborate with others on projects and much more. It is intended as a first interface to this new world of work                                         

and organization.  

 

In its Alpha stage, Alchemy is an app for crowd management of resources, enabling organization to significantly                                 

increase their decision-making capacity and deploy large capital to large communities, effectively. Alchemy is                           

ready to launch for pilot on the Ethereum mainnet. 

5. The GEN Economy 

Circular Token Economy 

Agencies, DAOs and DApps (Decentralized Applications) are all based on circular token economies. The                           

general idea is that tokens are being distributed to contributors of value — for value that is contributed to the                                       

network. On the other hand, the same tokens gain benefit from the value created by the network. The more                                     

value is being created the higher the value of the tokens, the more the organization can incentivize the                                   

contribution of more value, and so on and so forth.  

The DApp Model 

In the ​DApp model​, the utility — and thus value — of the tokens is directly related to the usage of a network                                             

application. Tokens are being distributed to contributors of value to the network: builders, early adopters and                               

maintainers of the DApp. On the other side, the usage of the DApp requires the spend of those same tokens.                                       

For example, Ether was distributed to founders and builders of the Ethereum blockchain, and is now being                                 

distributed to miners that maintain the network. On the other hand, Ether needs to be spent by users in order to                                         

process autonomous computations on the Ethereum blockchain or use its storage.  

 

Success of the DApp drives up the demand for its usage, thus the demand for its token and thus the token’s 

value. The more people run computations on the Ethereum blockchain the more Ether they would need to 

spend, and the higher would be its value in the open market (given its limited supply). 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

DAO Economy 

The added feature of a DAO with respect to a DApp is its ability to process and execute general-purpose                                     

collective decision making. There are various domains of decisions a DAO can engage with, and accordingly a                                 

various categories of DAOs (and the possible hybrid of those).  

Decentralized Collaboration 

When the governance system of the DAO is used for decisions about the incentivization and reward of                                 

contributions to the DAO itself, we would call it a ​decentralized collaboration​.  

 

As already seen from the blockchain DApps, the token-distribution incentive model works very well in driving                               

engagement and adoption. In the Bitcoin network, miners adoption rate looks like this:  

 

 

 

Total hashing power in the Bitcoin network has grown exponentially and multiplied about 650 millions times 

over the past 7 years, due to the built-in economic incentive in mining. 

 

However, in the blockchain case, miners are only the maintainers of the network, and no direct reward is                                   

awarded for the developers of the network or its early adopters. In newer projects tokens are commonly                                 

distributed to founders of the project, and by the founders as bounties to other contributors of value. But this                                     

incentivization model cannot be systematized and scaled up without the governance system of the DAO.  

 

With DAO stack and, for example, the relative-majority decision-making protocol described ​above​, tokens can                           

be easily distributed to contributors of value, including developers, promoters and early adopters of a network.                               

There is no limit (unless chosen so by the DAO itself) on the purpose and rate of reward to contributions, and it                                           

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

allows for crowd engagement and coordination at unprecedented levels. 

 

The token of a decentralized collaboration is tied to the result of that collaboration. For example, if the result is                                       

a DApp, then the tokens distributed in the decentralized collaboration are the DApp tokens.  

Decentralized Cooperative 

In the DApp model the purpose of the network is to create and support an application, and the value of the                                         

token is tied to the usage of that application. A ​share model fits the situation where the purpose of the agency, or                                           

network, is simply to gain external revenue. It can be an agency that is developing inside a bigger agency, or a                                         

DAO, and receives its tokens in return; or it can be an investment DAO that invests in other projects and is                                         

intended to make a return on investment. In either case, the value of the token is tied with the external revenue                                         

of the organization, and this relationship can be implemented in various ways. One way is to implement a                                   

redemption scheme whereby the agency (or DAO) tokens are made redeemable against the funds existing in the                                 

agency wallet, pro rata, and thus the value of the token is derived from the revenue made by the agency. Other                                         

implementations can involve dividend or other mechanisms. In this model the DAO is a ​decentralized                             

cooperative​, and its token resembles its share.  

Decentralized Curation Network 

DAOs can also organize around the curation of content. The value of the network is then manifested in having 

a shared locus of information, thus shared locus of attention, on the DAO registries. Once there is a network 

effect of attention looking at the same point, that point can be monetized by the network itself. The network 

curates the objects posted on the its registries, and promoters of content would pay with the network’s token to 

post and promote content. Posting low-quality content would result in negative curation, and thus reduction of 

the poster’s reputation. Promotion of content is tied both with boosting fees and the endorsing reputation; 

thus, the better the content of a promoter is, as curated by the network, the cheaper it would be for him to post 

again in the same network, and vice versa. 

The GEN Model 

DAOstack is a DAO that involves the three above categories. It incentivizes contributors to participate and 

develop the DAO stack and its ecosystem. In that sense it is a ​decentralized collaboration​. It intends to use part 

of its raised funds (collected via its token sale) for investments in projects that would come on top of the DAO 

stack (as well as in projects which will build and enhance the DAO stack), and accelerate the ecosystem, while 

also expecting return on investments. In that sense it is a ​decentralized cooperative​. Finally, it will also be a 

decentralized curation network​, in particularly for governance elements and DAOs, but possibly for many other 

 

 

DAO​stack 



 

things. In all contexts, the GEN is the token that drives the effective navigation of the collective attention of 

DAOs on top of the DAOstack ecosystem, and in particular the token that engines the prediction games 

described above that are critical for holographic consensus and effective governance of large organizations.  

 

The DAOstack code is fully open source, backend and frontend, and is found ​here on Github​.  

 

 

 

 

DAO​stack 

https://github.com/daostack

