









































1https://debitum.network

DEBITUM 
NETWORK

Borderless small business financing

https://debitum.network


2https://debitum.network

White paper 
V1.2, 11-01-2018

This is the White Paper on the issue of potential benefits for the alternative finance 
industry to be decentralized with the blockchain technology. We offer a particular 
solution and provide detailed description and reasoning.

The minimum viable product is available at https://demo.debitum.network

The goal of this document is to demonstrate that our undertaking is worthy as 
well as to receive Your feedback. Please join our community via https://debitum.
network to ask questions and make suggestions.

Debitum Network

https://debitum.network

Borderless small 
business financing

https://debitum.network
https://demo.debitum.network
https://debitum.network
https://debitum.network
https://debitum.network


3https://debitum.network

Table of contents
Challenge and market opportunity 8

Global credit gap   8

Alternative finance industry 10

Globalization of available capital 12

Necessity to decentralize using blockchain                                      13

Solution - Debitum Network 15

Three main pillars of the ecosystem 16

True DECENTRALIZATION 17

HYBRID connecting crypto and fiat  20

TRUST based   22

Business cycle of the financing process  24

Technical mechanics 40 

Infrastructure 40 

System components 42 

Smart Contracts 46

Token economy 53

Debitum token (DEB) 53

https://debitum.network


4https://debitum.network

Closed loop of aligned incentives 56

Action plan 57

Country selection analysis 58

Use of Proceeds 61

Self-sustainability 65

Potential business challenges 65

Debitum Network Solution Summary     67

The pain 67

Pain killer 67

Market timing 68

System 68

Business model 68

Competition 69

Future Prospects 70

About the team 73

The Team 75

The Advisors 77

The Supporters 78

APPENDIX A - credit gap by country      79

https://debitum.network


5https://debitum.network

Preface
Very soon, Susan, who runs a small dry cleaning shop in Bangkok, 
will find herself engaged in a small conversation with a client, 
hoping to distract herself from the boredom of her day.

“It was, like, the whitest and softest shirt of my life, the one I 
cleaned here” the client tells her happily. 

“I will recommend your place to our administrative director.”

Soon enough, Susan is looking at a copy of the massive 
outstanding invoice of hers, the order behind it being from 
the entire corps diplomatique, ten times beyond her current 
capacity. The money is hers but not quite yet — she must wait 
for up to 120 days. She neither has the working capital needed 
at the moment nor a lack of willpower to keep the client by all 
means.

Perhaps she could use some traditional extended overdraft, 
but to get financing, businesses often have to struggle through 
an inadequate ‘presumption of guilt’ with ‘judges’ [salaried 
non-entrepreneurs] unwilling to listen. Good borrowers are 
in a position to prove that two plus two isn’t five and remain 
unfinanced, albeit the whole point for institutional financiers 
to exist in this fundamentally inflationary economy is to ensure 
the maximum circulation of capital. While alternative financing 
channels have emerged as a necessary measure, effective 
international marketplaces and transparent pledge security 
registries have not been developed.

https://debitum.network


6https://debitum.network

“When I work hard, when my clients respect me and 
I receive large orders from them, the idea that my 
business has problems with accountability sends me 
into angry fits,” Susan told a friend of hers, Mario.

He shared an idea with Susan: large businesses spend a lot of 
money trying to predict the eventual cost of capital and the 
cash flow, but you should use the power of an open market—
Debitum. In a matter of minutes, Susan turns her invoice in and 
receives her funding while associated interest and charges start 
travelling as a cryptocurrency that is liquidly trading in pairs to 
major fiat and cryptocurrencies. Thus, the market tariffs her 
on the prediction of when the client will pay and provides the 
money immediately. The open-source, distributed network of 
hundreds of local debt validators and millions of global loan 
providers quickly makes up a customized offer for Susan.

Mario was the right guy to ask because back in his days of glory, 
having him on vacation seemed too stressful for the entire 
domestic financial community. When he was on leave from his 
office at the Anti-Fraud Dept., financiers could expect bizarre 
and disturbing developmentsto occur at any moment. Picture 
this: a local exporter issues a large invoice to a foreign buyer and 
offers it to several invoice financing firms, receiving funds from 
at least three and cashing in 0.8x3=2.4 of the invoice sum. While 
one financier later receives the payment from the buyer, others 
don’t. As the exporter goes bankrupt, the question arises: who 
has secured the buyer’s payment in the first place? The financier 
who’s got the money is in trouble too, because the other firm 
has secured the receivable with tax authorities and has the real 

https://debitum.network


7https://debitum.network

case to claim. What makes it even worse is that the buyer makes 
a mistake and double-pays upon the same invoice to the seller. 
Not to mention the buyer never gets his goodsdelivered.

The gallows humor of this story is that a person like Mario has 
never existed to prevent frauds, nor is he around to advise a yet 
inexistent but highly demanded service like Debitum.

https://debitum.network


8https://debitum.network

Challenge and market 
opportunity

Global credit gap

In accordance with the World Bank’s review, approximately 70% of all micro, small 
and medium-sized enterprises in emerging markets lack access to credit. At the 
same time, the small and medium-sized businesses stratum is the most promising 
target audience for financiers. Among industry experts, small business finance is 
considered today as a globalissue worth addressing — formally registered small 
businesses account for more than half of the GDP in developedcountries.

SMEs growth globally is capped by inflexible local financing, creating $2 trillion 
credit gap worldwide as accounted by IFC, the World Bank organization:

https://debitum.network


9https://debitum.network

Region
Credit Gap, 

$M

SMEs, 

number  

Credit Gap / 

SMEs, $

Unserved & 

Underserved,

% of SMEs

South America 495 686 34 640 661 21 392,93 51,12%

Middle East 297 327 7 365 431 41 444,13 42,73%

Southeast Asia 218 284 71 430 759 22 719,15 46,27%

Europe 210 120 9 400 815 20 403,62 51,50%

Central America 124 145 17 828 851 12 540,08 48,77%

West Africa 60 808 16 737 793 6 032,83 53,82%

North Africa 56 483 13 103 327 7 583,91 49,67%

Central Africa 29 657 5 696 801 13 871,42 54,50%

South Africa 22 130 9 280 826 4 304,56 47,22%

East Africa 21 216 7 940 609 3 707,39 50,80%

Australia & Oceania 2 605 781 180 4 369,25 49,33%

Source: https://www.smefinanceforum.org/data-sites/ifc-enterprise-finance-gap

The data accounts only for formal SMEs; however, the World Bank estimated that 
informal companies worldwide have additional credit gap of around $1 trillion. 
Moreover, one must understand that potential of offering new finance instruments 
also exists in developed countries not officially accounted for having a credit gap. 

https://debitum.network
https://www.smefinanceforum.org/data-sites/ifc-enterprise-finance-gap


10https://debitum.network

Hence the total market opportunity may well be larger than the $1.538 trillion 
noted as unserved or underserved by the World Bank.

Alternative finance industry

Why the traditional banking industry established more than 600 years ago is not 
able to solve the outstanding credit gap? Both banks and small businesses are 
responsible.

The banks are responsible for cherry picking and mostly working with less risky and 
larger businesses due to low risk tolerance of traditional finance industry. As there 
are so many legacy solutions in banking industry, mostly inflexible and standardized 
terms are used, it is very costly for banks to serve each individual customer. Thus 
banks are trying to maximize their income (interest and fees) from each individual 
business case by working on larger business cases.

Also the abundance of local banks — where a fellow banker would be familiar with 
a local business — is a thing of the past. For example, 30 years ago, in 1984 there 
were 14 400 commercial banks in USA; however, today there are only 4 982 banks 
left. Such decline of individual banks can be explained by centralization that brings 
more internal regulations and centralized processes, making it harder for banks to 
serve small, local companies.

On the other hand, in a small company, finances are normally taken care of by 
owners, not by dedicated professionals. Good financial management is rarely a core 
strength of a small business. Actually, accessing external finance is often named as 
the poorest area of expertise.

https://debitum.network


11https://debitum.network

The industry that has taken the challenge to solve the problem up is often referred 
to as ‘alternative finance’. As the name itself suggests, alternative finance is when 
someone borrows money or sells equity, choosing an option to go a non-traditional, 
non-institutional route.

Alternative finance is an umbrella term for various financing options such as peer-
to-peer lending (P2P), crowdfunding, balance-sheet lending, , invoice trading (loans 
backed by account receivables), supply chain finance, reverse factoring, merchant 
loans, VAT financing, and others. No single institution, company, or regulator covers 
all business spheres in alternative finance. Some of largest alternative finance 
companies are Zopa in UK (market size of xxx USD), LendingClub in USA (market 
size of xxx USD) or CreditEase in China (market size ofxxx USD).

Such alternative finance services usually ensure initial initial access to financing for 
SMEs by providing services and financing when traditional banks would not. In long 
term financing received via alternative finance services allows SMEs to grow and 
to become “bankable”, hence being able to access traditional finance instruments. 
Hence the alternative finance industry is operating as a bridge financing that allows 
business to grow and reach the riskless requirements of clumbersome traditional 
finance industry. In essence filling the gap between what strongly constrained and 
strictly regulated traditional institutions such as banks can offer and what individuals 
or some smaller businesses can possibly comply with.

Flexibility is key, but a great deal of the business essence also comes from the 
effectiveness of online operations and the idea of crowdsourcing. Another reason 
why alternative finance is booming might be that investors have grown educated 
enough to not be happy with allowing banks to earn on their money and pay out 
only marginal interest rates. Many people feel it is worthwhile to get connected 
with borrowers directly. Last but not the least, unlike traditional institutions, who do 
much of the work manually and do not share data concerning the risk assessment, 
alternative financiers are highly automated and interconnected which gives them 
an additional competitive advantage.

https://debitum.network


12https://debitum.network

Besides easier access to funding, an important benefit of alternative financing is 
its higher speed of operations and convenience. Of course, most of the business 
is done online, paperwork is minimum, and funds are usually made available in a 
matter of hours or days, which in all cases is significantly quicker as compared to 
banks.

The World Bank recently estimated that the world’s alternative finance market 
could grow to $90 billion of investment by 2020 from $34 billion at present. As 
banks see increasingly stricter regulatory burdens, both investors and SMEs will 
seek other financial solutions.

Globalization of available capital

As the enormous credit gap is still there and growing, we should admit the incumbent 
solution is not likely to cope with the problem, so a different approach is required. 
The decentralization of lending, and the continued disruption to financial services, 
therefore, looks set to continue narrowing of the credit gap for SMEs.

There is a lot of capital available to be invested in various finance instruments or lent 
for interest throughout the developed world. Available capital for lending; however, 
is limited in less developed parts of the world – the same parts that experience the 
credit gap indicated by the World Bank. There is a mismatch between geographical 
availability of capital and local businesses.

Partly the geographical mismatch is being solved by many alternative finance 
companies, especially marketplaces and P2P platforms (KPMG global survey in 
2015 shows 1086 alternative finance platforms). However, many of them operate 
in a single or limited markets (most often up to 10 countries), many of them in the 
developed world like USA, UK, France, Germany, or the only noteworthy exception 
- China.

https://debitum.network


13https://debitum.network

Based on our professional experience it is well understood – different steps of 
the financing process are often very specific to local environment. For example, 
debt collection procedure in most parts of Eastern Europe is based on German 
law and precision of procedures; however, in many countries throughout Southeast 
Asia debt collection is based on a notion of shame and public disgrace. Hence to 
efficiently move available global capital from the developed part of the world to the 
less developed, one must connect it to the local and regional counterparties.

Necessity to decentralize using blockchain

Any solution to meaningfully decrease the existing credit gap requires three main 
characteristics: trust, full end-to-end financing process and structure supporting 
exponential growth. KPMG in their report on global alternative finance industry 
supports this by stating that from 2017 and onward for alternative finance market 
to grow and truly become global phenomenon, it needs:

a transparent 
and supportive 
framework

to deal with 
investment failures, 
to ensure confidence 
of global investors 
incredit assessment 
and debt collection 
processes

to gain distribution 
via efficient 
sales channel

Internet and online marketplace or P2P solutions are trying to allow that; however, 
when dealing with different parts of the world trust between counterparties is 
more important than technical capability of interconnecting. Traditional non-crypto 
market place solutions can’t ensure successful global integration of all local, regional 

https://debitum.network


14https://debitum.network

and global counterparties. Why? Because existing centralized solutions force 
various global counterparties with different cultural and experience backgrounds 
to trust a single party running the marketplace. If the central party goes out of 
business, most likely investors will not be able to get their investments back directly 
from the borrowers. Global problem requires global solution only allowed by the 
blockchain technology.

Blockchain by design allows to ensure ultimate transparency and trust, allows to 
automate processes by using smart contracts and its decentralized nature allows 
for exponential growth of the number of members within any blockchain based 
solution.

https://debitum.network


15https://debitum.network

Solution - Debitum Network
Lending money is all about trust and its mechanical gears such as collateral, quantified 
reputation, and fear of punishment. Born in already well-established societies, we take 
the existing business trust culture for granted; we rarely doubt its basics and address 
the quantitative measurements of business friction costs. However, to solve global 
credit gap – we should mostly operate in younger countries where business trust is not 
granted. Using trust based blockchain solution Debitum Network ensures needed trust 
for all counterparties, especially investors, to operate within the ecosystem.

To consider comparatively complex lender-borrower relations, let’s take a step back 
and see how Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies may change and simplify retailer-
consumer interactions. To be able to conveniently pay in all stores, consumers go 
to the market of payment instruments where they have a narrow choice of VISA or 
Mastercard which are essentially the same.

https://debitum.network


16https://debitum.network

Retailers have more options — Ingenico, Verifone, and a few others—but, since the 
interchange fee is still there down the line, that seeming variety does not allow 
them to circumvent high costs. Putting its currency and monetary dimensions aside 
for now, when Bitcoin, a decentralized payment tool, steps in, it theoretically allows 
consumers and retailers to interact with no intermediary, using the free open source 
tool. In practice, however, there are ‘Bitcoin operators’ such as a wallet software 
or side-chain providers who make life a lot easier without charging monopoly-like 
fees.

Three main pillars of the ecosystem

Debitum Network is based on three important pillars that ensure its uniqueness, 
disruptiveness as well as will ensure positive results on smalling the credit gap:

https://debitum.network


17https://debitum.network

True decentralization

There are 154 countries indicated by the World Bank where SMEs experience 
credit gap and where a solution like Debitum Network could help closing that gap 
by providing ecosystem of counterparties and connecting it with global investors. 
However, saying that Debitum Network team will just set up in 154 countries and 
bring the ecosystem to market on their own would be a fallacy.

As Debitum Network is initial market maker and facilitator for solving worldwide 
credit gap by connecting SMEs with global investors who can rely on service provided 
by local or regional counterparties, i.e., verification, risk assessment, insurance, debt 
collection. It is possible to attract global investors to distribute their available capital 
as well as attract SMEs to borrow and finance their growth; however, to make the 
whole ecosystem truly decentralized, global and self sustainable service providers 
will be organized in ‘communities’.

Communities are decentralized and truly global, consisting of various service 
providers and ‘institutional borrowers’ - alternative finance companies already 
serving SMEs that could attract more global investment and restructure their 
portfolio by using Debitum Network.

https://debitum.network


18https://debitum.network

A community consists of one or many local or regional service providers that 
work together to ensure service provision. Members of the community can be 
both crypto or non-crypto (having a crypto agent) based. Communities will offer 
a unique motivation for each individual as well as whole group to become more 
trusted as when any service is performed both the individual counterparty and 
their community will earn or lose trust rating.

A community leader will get a fee via community’s trust arbitrage smart contract 
from each of community’s members activity, hence the leader would be motivated 
to develop business and grow the community - thus leading to self sustainable 
Debitum Network ecosystem in thelong run.

Borrowers and investors should be excited to have communities within Debitum 
Network as they can trust their service to community and whoever is there can 
deliver it. On the other hand, it is better for individual counterparty to be a part of 
a community as it provides more business opportunities and faster growth via trust 
(as community’s trust grows, each counterparty’s trust de facto grows).

Communities are also the ones that take care of resolving issues, marketing their 
members, growing the community and other tasks relevant to the community (on 
and off the blockchain). Each community will have a community leader who has 
additional functions available for community trust arbitrage smart contract.

We believe that using communities is the only way to ensure that needed level 
of control is decentralized and closer to the final customers of service providing 
counterparties – borrowers and investors. At the same time, such organizational 
design provides a lot of freedom to local and regional communities and service 
providers. We believe that this is the only way to ensure fast, efficient and stable 
global growth of Debitum Network.

https://debitum.network


19https://debitum.network

Setting up a community

Anyone (single or several companies, single or more individuals) who wants to 
start a community for service provision within Debitum Network, must implement 
Debitum Network Community smart contract interface / API. Additionally, in this 
smart contract, the community leader must provide rating calculation algorithm 
for community members and provide it for an audit by Debitum Network Trust 
Arbitrage to ensure the rating calculation fits local specifics and are objective and 
in line with all other rating calculations.

As an alternative Debitum Network provides an implementation of Community 
trust arbitrage smart contract. Community leader may order implementation of 
Community trust arbitrage smart contract from Debitum Network Trust Arbitrage 
smart contract factory. Community is listed on Debitum Network portal if and only 
if Community’s trust arbitrage smart contract passes audit.

If community will choose to construct their own implementation of Community trust 
arbitrage smart contract they have to consider implementation of community trust 
arbitrage smart contract standard (protocol).

Feedback management

All audited trusted communities will be listed on Debitum Network. If service 
requestor (borrower or investor) will have feedback about provided services from 
community member, community must ensure possibility to register feedback (both 
positive and negative) and communicate with member, especially to solve negative 
feedback.

https://debitum.network


20https://debitum.network

Community and community leader must take responsibility for ensuring that 
provided service from their members is appropriate and performed on decent level 
of quality. Otherwise they must ensure the underperforming counterparty improves 
or is removed from the community.

If service requestor (borrower or investor) won’t get any follow up actions from 
particular community, it will be possible to register feedback with Debitum 
Network Trust Arbitrage. It will investigate if community actions were sufficient. 
If not, Debitum Network Trust Arbitrage may take a pre-designed action, i.e., use 
counterparty’s frozen Debitum tokens to compensate feedback provider, manually 
drop rating for the counterparty or its community, or even ban the counterparty or 
its entire community from Debitum Network.

HYBRID connecting crypto and fiat

Importantly, as crypto is not recognized as a traditional currency in most countries 
(except for Japan) and as most cryptocurrencies are too volatile, most business 
borrowers and investors in short and medium term would prefer to deal with loan 
principal and interest payments in its usual legacy way – using fiat payments.

Incorporating loan-related capital transfers might serve as a fancy façade for any 
project, but the interest in such a system will remain chiefly an academic one for years 
to come. By a premature move of onboarding loan-related capital today, we would 
spook many potential users. Hence Debitum Network will use crypto currency only 
for other financing cycle related fees and guarantee-like token freezes.

As for the loan-related capital, we look at it as “physical goods” that can be dealt 
with off-the-blockchain with reference to it on the blockchain. The ecosystem has a 

https://debitum.network


21https://debitum.network

designated role – fiat facilitator – to take care of all fiat transactions, make necessary 
records on the blockchain using smart contracts and ensure that the ecosystem can 
be used from day one.

Hybrid approach allows us to combine current state of business practices and 
blockchain infrastructure to have an operational ecosystem from day one. At the 
same time it does not forbid to have a long term vision of crypto only transactions. 
As time goes by and crypto currencies become more mainstream, Debitum Network 
will be able to develop and evolve and transfer loan-related capital on blockchain. 
Meanwhile, we will work hard to promote blockchain solutions to SMEs worldwide 
at the same time addressing the credit gap issue small businesses are having.

Market making within Hybrid platform

As Debitum Network operates on the three-sided market. The problem of reaching 
a critical mass of users on all sides (borrowers, investors and service providers) is 
essential.

It will be possible for Debitum Network to use Debitum tokens from Reserve to 
solve ‘empty room’ problem by lending Debitum tokens to various parties and 

https://debitum.network


22https://debitum.network

motivating them to try Debitum Network. Later, as they receive loans, interests or 
payments - lent Debitum tokens will be returned to Reserve.

Debitum Network also aims to use ‘at the time not needed funds’ to conservatively 
lend them to borrowers to stipulate more and more borrowers to join Debitum 
Network. As there will be more investors in the ecosystem, these funds will be 
returned to Debitum Network budget.

Lastly, we need to ensure compatibility and interoperability with other existing 
finance or FinTech solutions. That way we would allow existing incumbent 
companies to integrate to Debitum Network and become part of its ecosystem. 
Debitum Network does not aim to ‘replace’ everything that has been built - we 
must disturb the current way of doing business but at the same time allow existing 
companies and businesses in the alternative finance sector to connect and move 
from their existing solutions to Debitum Network.

TRUST based

By combining fiat operations and highly trustable and efficient blockchain 
based financing process Debitum Network will ensure high interest from SMEs 
and investors. As lending is primarily driven by trust in the borrower’s ability to 
repay, Debitum Network will ensure that all transactions will interconnect with 
trust arbitrage smart contract that will provide objective trust rating for each 
single counterparty as well as communities of counterparties (i.e., risk assessors 
community in a single country).

To ensure the objectivity Debitum Network’s trust arbitrage smart contract will be 
based on hard blockchain-based facts like services’ smart contracts engaged in, loan 
principal amount worked with and other. Each ‘positive’ experience (like successful 
execution of a service smart contract) will add some trust rating points, while each 

https://debitum.network


23https://debitum.network

‘negative’ experience (like failure to provide service in prior agreed period of time) 
will deduct some trust rating points. This will allow investors to clearly see the 
trust level of involved counterparties in every single financing deal as well as will 
motivate borrowers, service provider communities and individual counterparties to 
act responsibly.

Such approach measuring each counterparty’s trust level will allow for informed 
decision making by:

Investors will clearly see the trust level of the potential borrower and will be 
able to make trust vs. interest rate decision.

Anyone will clearly see the trust level of any other counterparty that offers 
services and will be able to make trust vs. price of a service decision.

Communities to see how their individual members behave, allowing to make 
organizational decisions based on trust points earned or lost ability to have 
such objective and trust based information for deciding on distribution of 
available capital for financing SMEs and lending is a currently non-existing 
opportunity for global investors. Hence Debitum Network creates a new 
market, a new asset class that will satisfy global investors demand, attract their 
available capital and solve worldwide credit gap challenge for SMEs.

https://debitum.network


24https://debitum.network

Business cycle of the financing process

It is important to notice that Debitum Network recognizes the need for more than 
two main parties (borrower and lender) to exist to make a successful investment 
transaction. The team behind Debitum Network does not bluntly believe in 
‘theoretical’ twofold peer-to-peer approach connecting just investors with 
borrowers. All other stages of the financing process must be done by someone – in 
the case of many of the current alternative marketplaces or P2P networks, usually 
those stages are done by loan brokers / operators or by P2P operator itself.

To allow greater exposure and better access to financing for SMEs, the complete 
financing process must be decentralized. To do that one must understand that a 
financing process is based on a set of specific stages, i.e., potential customer must 
indicate the need for finance, financial asset used as a collateral for the loan must 
be verified to ensure authenticity, risk of the potential loan must be evaluated, 
funds must be provided, later on (debt) collection process should be activated.

Additional services like insurance of the loan provided or secondary market for 
sale/purchase of existing investments (loans already provided) may be provided 
around the core business process.

Only if all steps are available, it is possible to ensure full end-to-end SMEs financing 
process. Currently, this end-to-end process is locked by traditional finance 
institutions or by alternative financing companies. Unfortunately, it means that 
investors must put all their trust and funds in single interconnected hands of a 
particular company and its employees from various departments.

https://debitum.network


25https://debitum.network

Debitum Network allows potential investors to transparently weight investment 
opportunities and directly invest in SMEs (opportunity traditionally locked by 
centralized finance sector). Such ecosystem works as an incentive layer on top of 
smart contract framework, which can provide the logical infrastructure for the data 
and payment exchange. Transparency and additional trust it builds allows currently 
localized or regionalized alternative finance industry to become truly global, in 
addition, eliminating two levels of ‘centralization’:

A middleman in a form of traditional financial institutions or centralized 
alternative finance companies or platformsю

Opening and decentralizing individual stages of traditionally locked financing 
process.

https://debitum.network


26https://debitum.network

Stages of the financing process

A financing process for a specific asset can take various forms, but the stages of any 
full end-to-end financing process are the same:

https://debitum.network


27https://debitum.network

More detailed descriptions of the stages with more details in regards of how the 
stage is carried on within Debitum Network:

Stage Process Description  Actor
Crypto vs. 

Non-crypto

On-

boarding

Pre 

qualification 

and 

Application

First time borrowers are 

pre-qualified to ensure 

their compliance with 

minimal conditions before 

joining Debitum Network.

Borrower presents loan 

application, including 

assets available for 

backing the required loan.

Borrower Crypto

Assessment Asset 

verification 

and Risk 

assessment

Verifiers check if the 

asset corresponds to 

the description.

Risk assessors evaluate 

loan application, available 

collateral and estimate risk 

premiums and suggested 

pricing structure.

Verification 

and Risk 

assessment 

Counterparty

Crypto

https://debitum.network


28https://debitum.network

Insurance Insuring loan 

to be provided

Insurers may be used 

to insure the future 

investors against default 

of the borrower and 

guarantee partial or full 

repayment of the loan. 

Insurance availability 

might vary depending 

on the loan product.

Insurance 

Counterparty

Crypto

Funding Investment 

in a single or 

multiple loans

Investors assess available 

information (optionally 

requiring additional 

counterparties to provide 

services to improve 

available information) 

and choose which loan 

applications to grant – in 

most cases based on trust 

vs. risk vs. premium.

Investor Crypto (if 

additional 

services 

required)

Non-crypto 

(fiat transfer 

of principal 

amount)

Secondary 

market

Sell / Purchase 

existing 

investment 

in a loan on 

a secondary 

market

Current investors can 

use secondary market 

to liquidate regular or 

altered-risk loan positions, 

new investors can 

use secondary market 

to get into positions 

already invested in.

Investor Non-crypto 

(trade existing 

investments 

in fiat)

Crypto (trade 

of a new 

tokenized 

asset class)

https://debitum.network


29https://debitum.network

Collection Repayment of 

loan or Debt 

collection 

if unpaid

Loans are fully repaid 

by borrower.

If loan is not repaid on 

time and within agreed 

conditions, debt collection 

process is started to 

ensure partial or full 

repayment. If insurance 

is present, investors are 

compensated right away, 

while debt collectors 

work towards ensuring 

funds to insurer

Borrower 

or Debt 

collection 

Counterparty

Non-crypto 

(fiat transfer 

of principal 

amount + 

interest, 

legal debt 

collection 

actions)

Crypto 

(records 

of debt 

collection 

process)

Trust 

arbitrage

Automatic 

updates 

of trust 

ratings and 

Community 

manages own 

counterparties

Trust arbitrage smart 

contract updates trust 

rating and defines 

further conditions for all 

involved counterparties.

Community may manage 

its counterparties, for 

example, if one failed 

to deliver service, 

misconducted or did 

exceptional work.

Debitum 

Network 

smart 

contracts,

Communit

Crypto 

(automatic 

smart 

contract 

transactions, 

management 

of community 

smart 

contracts)

Non-crypto 

(management 

of community

https://debitum.network


30https://debitum.network

Detailed steps of financing process

Detailed financing process indicating actions of various members of the ecosystem 
as well as automatic Debitum Network actions based on smart contracts:

Note: DN means 
Debitum Network

https://debitum.network


31https://debitum.network

Description of Debitum Network financing process:

1A New Borrower: New SME applies using their business credentials to join 
Debitum Network and must undergo initial pre-qualification process, i.e., 
prove that it is a legal company, provide some generic company data. SME is 
automatically check against Trust arbitrage smart contract to make sure that 
if SME was ‘removed’ earlier from Debitum Network, it would not be able to 
return before the reconciliation period ends.

SMEs can join Debitum Network directly or via a broker / agent who deals with 
SME non-crypto way while moving the needed loan onto Debitum Network. 
Moreover, to further stipulate self sustainability of the ecosystem, referral 
system compensating anyone attracting a new borrower with Debitum tokens 
will be in place.

Borrower is registered on Debitum Network, a new account for crypto currency 
is created (unless an existing one is used during the onboarding process).

1.1 Prequalify: If Borrower passes automatic prequalification (i.e., amount of 
revenue, time from registration), the financing process advances; otherwise 
Borrower can’t join Debitum Network and can try doing it later.

1B New application: Borrower can apply for a new loan (indicating needed 
amount, acceptable interest rate, advanced interest rate in case of minimal 
late payment, repayment date and other critical data) and provide information 
on assets to be used as a collateral for the loan, if any. Initial validation of 
application will be taken care - to automatically refuse applications that would 
not make any business sense for the ecosystem thus not wasting members’ 
time as well as not to fill the ecosystem with ‘garbage’ applications.

https://debitum.network


32https://debitum.network

All data is recorded on the blockchain. New smart contract for particular asset 
is automatically created. Borrower shall have Debitum tokens before applying 
for the loan as Borrower pays Debitum tokens for asset creation within the 
ecosystem.

2A Verify asset: Borrower (or Investor) requests verification counterparty to 
verify the asset and authenticate it to description provided using traditional 
measures, i.e., phone call to company, checking signed copies of documents, 
or automatic process, i.e., automated process linked to local databases or other 
blockchain solutions.

New smart contract for verification of the asset is automatically created. 
Borrower (or Investor) may request more than one verifier to perform this step, 
then all individual verifications as well as aggregated verification is presented. 
Results of verification are recorded to blockchain. The initiator of this step 
(Borrower or Investor) shall compensate counterparty for performing this step 
in Debitum tokens - considering trust rating vs. price of verification. Amount 
of 10% from all received fees by the verification counterparty is frozen to 
guarantee quality of future services delivered.

2.1 Verified: If asset is verified, the financing process advances; otherwise the 
fact about ‘unverified asset’ is passed to trust arbitrage smart contract and 
the financing process is terminated, the loan request (based on the asset) is 
removed from Debitum Network.

2B Assess Risk: Borrower (or Investor) requests risk assessor counterparty to 
assess the risk of the asset (loan). Risk assessment is a complicated process that 
is influenced by data available for different geographic locations and involves 
various facets of potential risk like SME, its financial data, its customers, 
liquidity of assets provided, market they operate, location they operate etc. 

https://debitum.network


33https://debitum.network

Counterparty can do risk assessment manually by analyzing data or by using 
automated risk scoring algorithms.

New smart contract for risk assessment is automatically created. Borrower 
(or Investor) may request more than one risk assessor to perform this step, 
then all individual assessments as well as aggregated assessment is presented. 
Results of risk assessment are recorded to blockchain. The initiator of this 
step (Borrower or Investor) shall compensate counterparty for performing this 
step in Debitum tokens - considering trust rating vs. price of risk assessment. 
Amount of 10% from all received fees by the risk assessment counterparty is 
frozen to guarantee quality of future services delivered.

3A Insurance: The loan may be insured to decrease risk for Investors against 
default of borrower and guarantee partial or full repayment of the loan. 
Hence ensuring better traction of financing. It is a step performed by insurer 
counterparty on the request of Borrower or Investor.

New smart contract for insurer is automatically created. Borrower (or Investor) 
may request more than one insurer to perform this step. Fact of insurance 
is recorded to blockchain. The initiator of this step (Borrower or Investor) 
shall compensate counterparty for performing this step in Debitum tokens - 
considering trust rating vs. price of insurance and proposed terms of insurance. 
Amount of 10% from all received fees by the insurance counterparty is frozen 
to guarantee quality of future services delivered.

4A Invest in a loan: Investors use list of available loans / dashboard of available 
loans on Debitum Network to check, pick and invest in one or many loans at 
the same time. Investors will be able to request more services to have better 
information about the asset or based on the available information make an 
informed decision in which loan to invest. Manual and automatic investment 
options will be available – automatic option allocates designated investor’s 

https://debitum.network


34https://debitum.network

funds based on predefined criteria, for example, risk rating, amount of loan, 
geographic location, market operated in etc.

Investors will use existing borrower’s asset smart contract to record investment. 
To have an automatic investment Debitum Network will scan and analyze 
existing borrowers asset smart contracts and automatically invest in the loans 
corresponding to automatic investment options set by particular investor. 
Fact of investment is recorded to blockchain. Investor needs to have Debitum 
tokens before investing in a loan as Investor should pay Debitum tokens for 
investment creation within the ecosystem.

4B Fiat investment: As Debitum Network is a hybrid solution, all loan-related 
payments (principal and interest) will be dealt in fiat currencies and treated 
as “physical financial goods”. There will be a specific counterparty to ensure 
fiat transactions – a fiat facilitator. Investors will make fiat transfers to fiat 
facilitators who will make needed transfers to Borrowers based on investor’s 
investment indications on Debitum Network. As Borrowers need to receive 
a single fiat wire for the deal, many investors’ payments in fiat need to be 
aggregated beforehand by fiat facilitator.

Fiat facilitators will use existing borrower’s asset smart contract to record fiat 
payments sent. Fact of fiat transfer is recorded to blockchain. Fiat facilitators 
keep a small percentage of fiat payments made as a compensation for their 
services of distributing fiat from investors to borrowers and vice versa.

5 Secondary market: As soon as investors have invested in a loan, a new 
tokenized asset class, a sub-investment instrument, is created. Such crypto 
assets can be sold to other investors directly on Debitum Network’s secondary 
market. Secondary market ensures that other investors will be able to purchase 
“late assets with discount” or current investors will be able to liquidate their 
existing investment with or without discount. Investor may list investments 

https://debitum.network


35https://debitum.network

in loans that investor wants to resell and indicate discount offered to new 
investors. Other investors may choose to buy the existing investment.

If one investor buys an existing investment from another investor on Debitum 
Network secondary market, investment smart contract is changed that ensures 
the repaid principal and interest is transferred to the new investor. Results of 
secondary market transactions are recorded to blockchain. Current investor 
needs to have Debitum tokens before publishing an existing investment on a 
secondary market as current investor should pay Debitum tokens for creation 
of a secondary market item within the ecosystem.

6.1 Loan paid on time: If Borrower repays loan with interest on time by making 
a fiat payment to fiat facilitator, process is continued by fiat facilitator.

If Borrower does not repay loan with interest on time (including advanced 
interest period, if such was anticipated), debt collection process is started.

6A Fiat repayment: When Borrower repays principal and interest, fiat 
facilitator assigns received fiat to investors as well as exchange agreed part 
of interest received to Debitum tokens and transfer to investors’ accounts on 
Debitum Network. This allows investors to keep continuously using services 
on the ecosystem. Fiat facilitators repay fiat to investors only if requested by 
an investor. Fiat is not repaid every time as holding it allows fiat facilitator to 
optimize for fiat transfer costs, to distribute operated fiat over various regions 
and countries. It is important as SMEs joining Debitum Network should use 
local (the cheapest) fiat transfers available.

Fiat facilitators will use existing borrower’s asset smart contract to record fiat 
payments received. Fact of fiat transfer is recorded to blockchain.

https://debitum.network


36https://debitum.network

6B Debt collection: If Borrower does not repay loan with interest on time 
(including advanced interest period if such was anticipated) a new smart contract 
for debt collection is automatically created and debt collection counterparties 
may make proposals. Investors should vote on which proposal to take as they 
may be extremely different, i.e., anything from regain small amount fast to 
regain most of the amount very slowly. The period for votes closes either if 
more than 50% of Investors picked a single debt collection option or time 
dedicated for voting ends. The option most supported by Investors is picked 
and that particular debt collector starts work for all existing Investors (not only 
the ones that voted). When (part of) debt is collected, information is passed to 
fiat facilitator to understand how fiat payment received should be distributed.

Fact of debt collection is recorded to blockchain. All debt collection costs are 
taken from the borrower.

7A Trust arbitrage: When the process for particular loan ends (either by 
successful repayment of loan or buy debt collection process), automatic trust 
arbitrage process is triggered for all members involved in the particular loan.

Each smart contract used throughout financing of a particular loan will 
automatically trigger trust arbitrage smart contract for both parties involved. 
Trust arbitrage smart contracts will be linked to main asset smart contract to 
follow ‘the outcome’ of the loan. Based on specific objective criteria trust rating 
will be updated (increased or decreased by certain amount of trust points) for 
each party involved.

Service counterparties will not trigger Debitum Network trust arbitrage 
directly but via community trust arbitrage smart contract to ensure that the 
whole community represented by a particular counterparty gets their trust 
rating updated.

https://debitum.network


37https://debitum.network

Trust rating can define availability, price, or priority for further actions within 
Debitum Network bringing financing process to a new level by optimizing 
financing process to promote the best performing members of the ecosystem.

Available trust ratings will be displayed on Debitum Network to allow other 
members to consider trust before engaging into mutual business operation. 
Data displayed may also include particular parts of trust rating, for example, 
number of successful transactions, number of ‘thumbs up/down’, number of 
disputes, and total transaction volume. With every successful transaction and 
good final ranking, the increase in the system reputation will result in additional 
Debitum token transfers across all involved members.

7.1 Action needed: Specific business rules will be developed within trust 
arbitrage smart contract for automatic operations with Debitum Network 
members based on changing trust ratings. To do that Debitum Network will 
scan and analyze existing trust arbitrage smart contracts and performed 
designated actions if trust arbitrage smart contract corresponds to automatic 
actions designed. 

7B Trust action: Based on changing trust ratings, specific business rules will 
trigger trust arbitrage smart contract to perform certain actions. For example, if 
trust rating of a counterparty drops by 50% its community shall decide of what 
to do with particular counterparty, if no ‘positive’ or ‘negative’ action is taken – 
the counterparty involved is automatically frozen for certain period or removed 
altogether. Any automatic rule will be transparent and publicly available to 
anyone. They are needed to ensure that only trustworthy counterparties are 
participating within the ecosystem and to minimize fraudulence and potential 
trust damage to the whole global ecosystem.

To recap, financing process within Debitum Network is designed in a way that it can 
be used by direct counterparties for each financing stage, i.e., SME, investor, risk 

https://debitum.network


38https://debitum.network

assessor etc., but it also allows proxy counterparties to use Debitum Network and 
perform actual steps in non-crypto environment. For example, a loan originator can 
register instead of a single SME and resell existing SME loans to investors, a sales 
broker can register instead of investor and reinvest investors’ funds, any broker 
may register instead of designated counterparty and resell needed services. Such 
approach ensures better Debitum Network growth opportunities, ensures more 
services to be traded for Debitum tokens on Debitum Network as well as allow new 
businesses to be created and formed around Debitum Network.

Made for present, ready for the future

On the global level, most of the financing stages currently are carried out manually 
– meaning that they require human interaction that is usually supported by 
technology or some sort of an IT solution. Currently there are fewer counterparties 
that have fully automated the processes.

However, as time passes, it is believed that stages of financing process will become 
fully automated, for example using artificial intelligence solutions, machine learning 
algorithms and similar. To be ready for such development Debitum Network will 
provide public APIs (protocols) for all smart contract types in the ecosystem. Hence 
Debitum Network will be built to support current way of working as well as will 
future automation – artificial intelligence solution will be able to use smart contract 
API and integrate its actions with Debitum Network.

Such API based approach allows Debitum Network to grow in the long run:

it allows counterparties to integrate AI, machine learning, or traditional 
information systems to perform their services automatically, faster, more 
efficient and with less errors.

https://debitum.network


39https://debitum.network

it allows to integrate Debitum Network with other blockchain solutions, for 
example, supply chain blockchain solutions that could automatically provide 
Debitum Network ecosystem with trustworthy assets.

https://debitum.network


40https://debitum.network

Technical mechanics
Debitum Network requires strong architectural design and bullet proof technical 
implementation to ensure successful launch and usability of Debitum Network.

The primary design goal of Debitum Network is to deliver the open system, which 
could not only communicate with ecosystem powered by blockchain but also that 
would be robust, easy to scale, and suitable for implementation for protocols needed 
for Debitum Network ecosystem. Users must have possibility to communicate with 
ecosystem not only through blockchain, but also by different system adapters using 
them through computer desktop or browser.

Infrastructure

Debitum Network is a comprehensive middleware with its core running on Ethereum 
blockchain and a number of gateways ready to incorporate counterparties who 
run other standards of distributed applications. Since Debitum Network does not 
incorporate its own consensus mechanism, its attack to sensitive data resistance and 
fault tolerance are equal to those of Ethereum’s. For the same reason, Debitum has 
no internal common mode failure problem. A fundamental limitation of blockchain 
applications of being expensive is not relevant in Debitum Network’s case because 
B2B transactions are relatively large. On average an SME loan is around 15 thousand 
USD, hence currently known blockchain application related infrastructure costs are 
relatively low.

For security purpose, system infrastructure will have public, easy available for 
everyone, and private, controlled by system administrators, subnets. Adapters will 
communicate with the ecosystem through load balancers in public subnet which 

https://debitum.network


41https://debitum.network

main goal is to send data for ecosystem parts in private subnet. In private subnet, 
EVM for communication with blockchains, would be deployed. Also, kubernetes 
cluster where application, which will communicate with blockchain, and provide 
data of smart contract status changes. All (which are not powered in Ethereum 
blockchains) infrastructure will run in Amazon Web Service infrastructure.

Blockchain proves the existence of the content, both borrower-related and deal-
related. Hashed records are used for timestamps and current status of a deal. The 
main system textile keeps metadata links to complete versions of documents stored 
elsewhere, in other specialized blockchain-based systems. Some fair automation 
will be applied, so long as it does not force contributors to change their normal 
legal ways. Should the Ethereum ecosystem gain some legal acceptance, we will 
incorporate the corresponding updates. Maximum indexing and labeling of data for 
future use of big data and machine learning will be applied.

https://debitum.network


42https://debitum.network

System components

Use Cases

The following are the set of use cases that are architecturally significant to the 
Debitum Network system:

   User management Debitum Network users will be able to securely 
register in system and manage their profiles, for 
providing data for all system participants in different 
groups.

Asset management Authenticated users will be able to operate with 
assets as Borrowers, Investors, and Fiat Facilitators 

Risk assessment 
management

Authenticated users will be able to register in risk 
assessment communities, provide risk assessment 
services, manage community as managers. Also, 
investors, borrowers, Fiat Facilitators will be able to 
order assets risk assessment and rate risk assessors.

Debt collection 
management

Authenticated users will be able to register in debt 
collection communities. Investors, Fiat Facilitators 
will be able to order debt collection from debt 
collection communities and rate provided services.

Each use case will be separated by additional domain contexts which will 
communicate between each other.

https://debitum.network


43https://debitum.network

Domain separation

Each use case will process in different domain context. Domains contexts will 
be managed by additional services, which will communicate between each other 
in orchestrated cluster. System design will have structure of the loosely coupled 
services. Decomposing the system into the smaller autonomous parts will improve 
modularity and makes easier to understand, develop, and test the all system.

https://debitum.network


44https://debitum.network

Frontend Components

Although Debitum Network system processes will be managed in Ethereum smart 
contracts, users are not expected to interact with it through smart contracts 
manually. For this purpose, they will be using front-end components that make 
system functionality easy to use. Front-end components will be responsible to 
manage (in the background) a sequence contract interactions on the ecosystem 
network.

Backing Services

Not all system services will manage business domains contexts. System will consume 
backing services as part of its natural operations. In Debitum Network system we 
will have mainly three backing services:

   Gateway service Service responsible for user authentication/
authorization management and protects back-
end resources in the all application. Will manage if 
resources can be exposed to front-end components. 
A protected resource would only be accessible if user 
will be authenticated. Unprotected resources could 
be viewed by users who are not authenticated.

https://debitum.network


45https://debitum.network

Discovery service Service responsible for maintaining a registry of 
other service information in all system cluster. 
Each service will subscribe in Discovery service at 
the start-up. In subscribing service will provide its 
networking information. By doing this, all other 
services in the cluster environment will be able to 
locate other services by downloading a service 
registry and caching it locally. Discovery service will 
be used as-needed to retrieve the network address 
of other services that has dependency on needed 
domain processes. 

Config server 
service

Service responsible for centralizing external 
configurations needed for other services. This 
service will allow other services to retrieve their 
tailored configurations for the target environment.

Backing services are still considered as services, that solves a set of concerns that 
are purely operational and security-related. All backing services will run in Docker 
containers managed by Kubernetes orchestration.

Backend Services

Business logic of the Debitum Network system almost entirely managed by backend 
services. Each of these services will be exposed as a seamless REST API which will 
run in Docker containers and managed by Kubernetes orchestration. All business 
domain processes will be managed by Debitum Network services:

https://debitum.network


46https://debitum.network

   Assets Service Service responsible for managing processes related 
with assets management through business flow 
between Borrowers, Investors, and Fiat Facilitators.

Risk assessment 
management 
service

Service responsible for managing communication 
processes between risk assessment inquirer and risk 
assessor communities. 

Debt collection 
service

Service responsible for managing communication 
processes between debt collection requestors and 
debt collection communities.

User management 
service

Service responsible for managing user profile states 
changes in all system.

Smart Contracts

Rather than centralizing ownership of communities’ processes, interlinked Ethereum 
smart contracts will give possibility to distribute ownership of processes flow 
managed by various communities. Debitum Network smart contract standards will 
facilitate a settlement flows between the service provider communities, investors, 
fiat facilitators, and borrowers. To illustrate the intended functionality, we provide 
workflow scheme which reflects communication flow on blockchain between 
different ecosystem parties:

https://debitum.network


47https://debitum.network

Community smart contracts

Processes flows of different system parties will be monitored and managed by 
communities. To enable community participation in all Debitum Network ecosystem, 
community administrators, must implement Debitum Network community 
smart contract standard and register through trust arbitrage of smart contracts. 
Community smart contact will have to implement “Community” standard interface:

T R U S T  A R B I T R A G E

R I S K  A S S E S S M E N T  
C O M M U N I T Y

A

B
C

A S S E T S
A

B

D E B T  C O L L E C T I O N  
C O M M U N I T Y

A

B

https://debitum.network


48https://debitum.network

contract Community {

 function approvedMember(address _member) constant returns 
(bool);

 function status(address _member) constant returns (string);

 function register(string _fullname, string _email, string _data) 
returns(bool);

 function removeMember(address _member) returns (bool);

 function approve(address _member) returns (bool);

 function ratingAddress(address _member) constant returns 
(address);

 event MemberRegistered(address _memberAddress, string _
fullname,   string _email, string _data);

 event MemberRemoved(address _memberAddress);

 event MemberApproved(address _memberAddress);

}

The description of the interface methods is provided below:

approvedMember – returns true if user is a member of particular community;

status – returns member status in community, which is managed by community 
administrators, i.e., registered, active, blocked;

https://debitum.network


49https://debitum.network

register – registration method for new community member;

removeMember – method which can only be used by community administrators 
to remove a member from community;

approve – method which can only be used by community administrators to 
approve member registration in community;

ratingAddress – returns address of rating smart contract for a particular 
community member

Each community contract will be audited by trust arbitrage and if it passes it will be 
registered in Debitum Network system.

Rating smart contracts

Each community will have to implement rating functionality for their members, to 
provide objective member ratings for all members of the ecosystem. For users to 
check information and ratings of different communities they will be able to check 
it using communities smart contract by calling method ratingAddress. Community 
administrators will have to implement rating factory implementation which will 
construct rating smart contract for each community member. Rating smart contracts 
will have to implement interface standard:

contract Rating {

   function community() constant returns(address);

   function member() constant returns(address);

https://debitum.network


50https://debitum.network

 

  function fullname() constant returns(string);  

   function data() constant returns(string);

   function email() constant returns(string);

   function rating() constant returns(uint);

 }

The description of interface method is provided below:

cummunity – community to which user/member belongs;

member – member, which rating smart contract represents;

fullname – members full name;

data – additional data about community member;

email – community members email;

rating – members rating, provided by community.

Service request management contracts

Debitum Network system users will be able to request different services (as risk 
assessment, debt collection, etc.), decide from which user to order service, to pay 
for provided services, and to publish rating for delivered results.

https://debitum.network


51https://debitum.network

ServiceRequest smart contracts reflect agreements between service requestor 
(borrower or investor) and counterparties (community members). When service 
is provided / finalized for service requestor, particular smart contract sets status 
of finished service and initiates trust arbitrage smart contract for counterparty 
(community member) involved.

Each service request smart contract will have to implement interface standard:

contract ServiceRequest is ERC223Receiver {

 function tokenFallback(address _sender, address _origin, uint 
_value, bytes _data) returns (bool ok);

 function proposePrice(uint _value) returns(bool);

 function assetId() constant returns(string);

 function deadline() constant returns(uint);

 function serviceCommunity() constant returns(address);

 function serviceProvider() constant returns(address);

 function status() constant returns(string);     

}

https://debitum.network


52https://debitum.network

The description of interface method is provided below:

tokenFallback – service request contract will have to accept ERC223 standard 
tokens, for this purpose it must implement ERC223 receiver standard method;

proposePrice – method letting propose price for community members;

assetId – asset identifier for which service must be delivered;

deadline – timestamp, till when service must be delivered;

serviceCommunity – community smart contract address, which member is 
responsible for service delivery;

serviceProvider – community member who was chosen as service provider;

status – status of service accomplishment.

https://debitum.network


53https://debitum.network

Token economy
To understand if Debitum token is sufficiently likely to gain value over time after the 
Crowdsale, it is important to apprehend token economy within Debitum Network 
ecosystem.

Most important details are described in this section; however, please refer also to 
Debitum Network Token Generation Event document, especially sections “Utility 
of Tokens” and “Token Economy” for more details.

Debitum token (DEB)

The goal is to create fast growing, trusted, self-governed and global business 
financing ecosystem, Debitum Network, that is built around its members and 
employs single ecosystem’s cryptocurrency – Debitum token to pay for all the 
services rendered. Only those having Debitum token will be able to purchase 
various services via Debitum Network.

There are two intrinsic values for Debitum token to exist:

‘Value Exchange’ as Debitum token is the only means of payments within the 
Debitum Network

‘Toll’ as all service providers should ‘freeze’ certain amount of Debitum tokens 
to guarantee execution of future services via Trust Arbitrage mechanism

Below more detailed flow of Debitum tokens is depicted among various Debitum 
Network members. As with any money-like instrument, the flow should be in an 

https://debitum.network


54https://debitum.network

equilibrium – number of all inflows equals to number of all outflows. However, the 
time between inflow and outflow is the crucial factor directly impacting the scarcity 
of the token and its increased value as demand shifts upwards.

Based on experience most investors, especially the largest ones or institutional ones, 
are keen to stay in the ecosystem for a long term. Service providers seeing profitable 
business opportunity will also stay in the ecosystem for a long term. Borrowers 
are twofold: SMEs will stay for a short to medium term as they are expected to 
grow stronger and become ‘bankable’ and move to cheaper financing options; 
while organizational borrowers (operators) should be keen to stay for a long term. 
Thus we believe that as Debitum Network grows, more and more members will 
join that will need to use Debitum token simultaneously, hence we should see the 
demand in a point of time increase – increasing the value of the token. Moreover, 
the members of the ecosystem and Debitum Network broader community noticing 
the increase in the value of the token may opt to hold on to tokens rather than 

S E R V I C E  
P R O V I D E R S

B O R R O W E R

I N V E S T O R S

C O M M U N I T Y

F I A T
F A C I L I T A T O R

T R U S T
A R B I T R A G E

https://debitum.network


55https://debitum.network

P A Y S  F O R  S E R V I C E

T I M E

TOKEN LIFETIME 
PER LOAN

1 0 %

1 0 0 %

2 0 %

3 0 %

4 0 %

5 0 %

6 0 %

7 0 %

8 0 %

9 0 %

10%
F R E E Z E

B U Y  S E R V I C E S

I N T E R E S T  T O  
T O K E N S

T O K E N S  P A I D  F O R  
D E B T  C O L L E C T I O N

W A I T  F O R  
L O A N  T O  B E  

R E P A I D

I N C R E A S E D
N E T  D E M A N D

T O T A L
D E M A N D

S A L E

S E R V I C E  P R O V I D E R S  
S E L L  T O K E N S  

R E C E I V E D

I N V E S T O R

O R

B O R R O W E R
O R

I N V E S T O R

D E B T
C O L L E C T O R

S E L L

N E T  T O K E N  D E M A N D

T O K E N  
D E M A N D

T O K E N  S U P P LY

selling them just after receiving via business transaction. As this would make supply 
shift downwards, the value of the token should further increase.

Such design of token economy ensures Debitum token has intrinsic value. It 
indicates that Debitum token may increase in value due to the following Debitum 
token demand by:

https://debitum.network


56https://debitum.network

borrowers and financial asset originators to pay for services rendered of other 
counterparties within the process of receiving financing;

investors to pay for certain Debitum services, i.e., advance on debt collection, 
additional insurance;

all ecosystem participants to use Debitum token for Trust arbitrage smart 
contracts – where Debitum token directly allows individual counterparties and 
communities to be rated. This provides additional social paradigm to Debitum 
token and involves Debitum ecosystem members on a deeper level.

Debitum token traders to buy and later sell the token to capitalize on the 
growth of crypto currency as the whole Debitum Network ecosystem growth.

Closed loop of aligned incentives

 

https://debitum.network


57https://debitum.network

Action plan
Using the experience of our team and the advisors on doing and building international 
and finance operations, we have created the action plan to be followed to fully 
develop and deploy Debitum Network. We can define several stages needed to 
achieve our objective:

Stage 0 “Development”: during the initial stage, we will develop Debitum 
Network 1.0 version and deploy it. This version will be fully functional to serve 
initial markets.

Stage 1 “Preparation”: preparing market making and business development 
operations for a specific region / country. Action may include hiring country 
specific staff, preparing needed legal framework, adjusting procedures to 
local / regional specific and similar. During Stage 1 operations in a country are 
managed directly from the headquarters.

Stage 2 “Market entry”: starting actual market making and business 
development activities within a specific region / country. During this stage, 
initial counterparties / communities are on-boarded in a specific region / 
country. At the end of stage 2 a country is managed via regional management.

Stage 3 “Market penetration”: market penetration happens during a period 
of around 3 years for each country. After this period, there are enough 
counterparties and communities as well as local borrowers that the daily 
market making and business development operations are not needed and the 
ecosystem is self-sustainable in that specific country. At the end of stage 3, 
country operations are downsized, most of involvement happens from the 
regional level.

https://debitum.network


58https://debitum.network

Stage 4 “Self-sustainability”: With time the ecosystem will have enough 
counterparties, communities, borrowers and investors to be self-sustainable. 
No further business development activities will be needed.

Note: stage 0 and stage 4 are general stages for the whole ecosystem, while 
stages 1 to 3 are specific for each region and country within that region, for 
example, a country in Europe may go through stages 1 to 3 at a different 
timeline and pace than a country in South America.

Country selection analysis

Our team together with our Advisors who have great deal of experience in 
worldwide business has analysed data from the World Bank and has come up with 
a list of countries where Debitum Network should be launched. In total there are 
50 countries:

Euro zone countries   Lithuania    Latvia     Estonia        Hungary    
  Slovenia     Greece

Non-euro zone 
EU countries

  Poland      Romania      Bulgaria    
  Czech Republic    Slovakia

Balkans   Croatia     Serbia     Bosnia and Herzegovina               
  Turkey

Other European 
countries

  Russia      Ukraine     Belarus

https://debitum.network


59https://debitum.network

South America   Brazil      Argentina      Chile      Uruguay
  Venezuela      Bolivia      Paraguay      Peru        
   Colombia      Ecuador

Central America   Mexico      Honduras      Jamaica    
  Costa Rica       Guatemala      Dominican Republic       
  Trinidad & Tobago

Asia   Thailand      South Korea      China
  Kazakhstan       Hong Kong      Singapore            
  Malaysia      Brunei      India

Middle East   Saudi Arabi       United Arab Emirates       Iran
  Kuwait       Qatar

Africa   South Africa

In the first two steps of Debitum Network geographical development we focus on 
home markets we know best:

Step 1 Step 2

6 Euro zone countries:   

  Estonia      Greece   

  Hungary      Latvia   

  Lithuania      Slovenia

 Poland       Romania

  Czech Republic       Slovakia    

  Bulgaria and the Balkan countries

https://debitum.network


60https://debitum.network

After initial success in home markets, we plan to launch first markets outside Europe 
within Step 3 in 2019Q4. We will focus on the markets with the largest credit gaps 
for SMEs and the largest credit gaps per SME, in a good balance of these two 
factors. In addition, we assessed each potential market for ease of doing business 
as well as risks for launching and running business in each specific market.

For example, we chose to exclude significant potential 

markets with estimated credit gap for SMEs above 25 

billion USD but with a credit gap per SME below 3,000 

USD, such as Nigeria, Indonesia and Vietnam. Average 

credit gap per SME in the markets covered by the current 

Debitum Network development plan is ca. 7,000 USD. In 

European markets where Debitum Network is destined 

to start, credit gap per SME is above 24,000 USD. 

In addition, we excluded small markets with high credit gap per SME such as 
Montenegro, Armenia or Belize for their limited market potential. Thus the list of 
countries to be launched in upcoming steps are:

Step 3 Step 4

 Brazil  

  Mexico      Thailand   

  South Korea      China   

  India   

 Argentina     Chile    

 Saudi Arabia      United   Arab 

Emirates      Iran      Kuwait  

  Qatar    Honduras   

  Jamaica      Costa Rica

https://debitum.network


61https://debitum.network

  Guatemala       Dominican 

Republic      Kazakhstan    

  Russia      Ukraine      Belarus     

  South Africa      Colombia    

  Ecuador      Peru      Uruguay  

  Trinidad & Tobago     Venezuela

  Bolivia      Paraguay    

  Hong Kong      Singapore   

  Malaysia      Brunei

Use of Proceeds

The exact usage of fund received will be adjusted by the total amount of funds 
received. The rule of thumb is that the more funds are received, the more countries 
may be ‘launched’ within a shorter timeline. For Debitum Network (or any other 
ecosystem, for that matter) to truly become a leading global player, one must move 
as fast as possible. Why? Because competition increases, various local ‘copy-cats’ 
are created, momentum might not be reached and similar. It also means that most 
of the funds shall be spent on market making and business development.

https://debitum.network


62https://debitum.network

Each country’s development (i.e., country business development, customer 
relations, initial market making) takes around 1.42% of the budget and totals 
to around 71%. Current calculations are made based on the hand picked list of 
50 countries based on their total credit gap as indicated by the World Bank and 
individual economic analysis carried out by the team. A community based approach 
means that Debitum Network team should set up at least one community for each 
type of service providers and help growing it. Moreover, if there is a potential for an 
‘institutional borrower’ community - it will make it easier to attract more borrowers 
/ SMEs via ‘institutional borrowers’ to ensure steady demand of loans. If there are 
no such ‘institutional borrowers’, a particular country might require more direct 
marketing and sales activities.

H E A D Q U A R T E R S

Wide business development

Business development

P L A T F O R M  D E V E L O P M E N T 2.3%

7.75%

74.60%

0.33%

4.72%

E C O S Y S T E M

C O U N T R Y  ( 5 0 )

A U D I T I N G 10.3%

R E G I O N A L  ( 1 0 )

Business development

https://debitum.network


63https://debitum.network

Managing the development and deployment of Debitum Network or ecosystem 
management costs take around 11.3% of the total budget.

Each region’s development (i.e., coordination of activities within the region, bridging 
the gap between global operations and country operations and similar) takes around 
0,67% of the budget and totals to around 6.68%. Current calculations are based on 
splitting all hand-picked 50 countries into ‘manageable’ regions based on market 
sizes, geographic proximity and cultural similarities of the countries.

Ecosystem-wide business development (i.e., attracting global investors and ensuring 
customer support) takes around 5.9% of the budget.

Debitum Network ecosystem technological development takes around 4.8%. We 
will use a lower cost nearshore country for developing Debitum Network solution. 
This budget allows to have an IT team of around 12 people that would develop initial 
solution as well as ensure further development and country specific adaptations or 
integrations, if needed.

Auditing of financial transactions as well as Debitum Network IT solution take 
around 0.32% of the budget. We want to make sure that token holders are assured 
that Debitum Network team spends funds in designated way and that the created 
technological solution is secure and properly working. On top of paid auditing, we 
are planning to use community testing and feedback to ensure the highest possible 
quality to our deliverables.

As we have outlined the proportions for full scenario with 50 countries, initial use 
of funds (after Stage 1) shall be different; however, in the longer period of time 
proportions should reach the percentages indicated above.

https://debitum.network


64https://debitum.network

Alternative development plans based on funds raised

In addition to the best scenario when the ‘hard cap’ is collected, we have developed 
approach of how to act if less funds are raised. That approach is based on splitting 
final market reach into four stages:

Debitum Network crowdsale is designed in stages. Reaching the ‘hard cap’ of initial 
Stage 1 would allow to cover initial two steps of the business development plan.

Moreover, the short term excess of funds may be used to ensure better market 
making and to fill ‘empty room’ problem from investors’ side. In such case funds 
used for market making will decrease as more funds will be needed to cover costs 
of business development in more and more regions and countries.

Self-sustainability

It is important for initial and later token holders to know that Debitum Network 
can be self-sustainable in the long run and does not require additional funding to 
run. Funding is needed to finalize the technology solution, set up operations and 
expand in many markets around the world to truly create a global ecosystem.

M A R K E T S  L A U N C H E D

4

+ 2 9  M A R K E T S
W O R L D V I D E

3

+ 6  K E Y  M A R K E T
R E G I O N S

2

+ 9  C E E  &  B A L K A N
C O U N T R I E S

1

7  E U R O - Z O N E
C O U N T R I E S

https://debitum.network


65https://debitum.network

Our business plan calculations show break even time for each step of the ecosystem:

Potential business challenges

There are several potential business challenges that may alter the time needed for 
a particular market to become self-sustainable:

Need for Education about Alternative Financing: it might be that a particular 
market players, i.e., small businesses, have not heard of any other financing 
opportunity than traditional bank financing. In that case it will take more time to 
initially raise awareness of the whole alternative finance industry and services 
available. Only after the initial awareness is raised, one may successfully start 
offering alternative financing services to small businesses.

Crypto awareness: many business organizations do not have any experience 
with crypto or tokens. Hence it might take time and extra effort to show how 
such tokens are to be purchased / sold, how to use tokens and underlying 
infrastructure, like wallet or exchange. To successfully implement Debitum 
Network we should raise the general awareness of crypto and teach local 

Step 1

in two and a 
half years from 
the project 
beginning

Step 2

in three years 
from the project 
beginning

Step 3

in three and a 
half years from 
the project 
beginning

Step 4

in five years 
from the 
project 
beginning

https://debitum.network


66https://debitum.network

organizations how to use it. At the same time we need to put more user 
experience effort into the solution to make it easier understandable.

https://debitum.network


67https://debitum.network

Debitum Network Solution 
Summary

Project purpose
 

Facilitation of alternative financing forms through a distributed 
cross-border platform for businesses and individuals.

The pain

The cost of provision of trust between lenders and borrowers is too high. Businesses 
struggle for reasonably accessible financing due to the lack of effective international 
marketplaces and transparent pledge security registries. 

Pain killer

Decentralized, community and trust based ecosystem that connects borrowers, 
investors and service providers in an efficient way. In long run design of Debitum 
Network allows it to become self-sustainable. Debitum tokens will be used within 
Debitum Network, while loan principal and interest payments will be transferred 
using fiat.

https://debitum.network


68https://debitum.network

Market timing

We will advance over the maximally wide frontline but will work in each place for 
a certain period of time to ensure self-sustainability. A partial use of incumbent 
practices allows the Debitum Network community to start making money right 

away without strong dependence on the lagging broader adoption of crypto.

System

Debitum Network is a distributed business-to-business ecosystem. The core 
technical offering is Ethereum-based application. Debitum Network features 
forthcoming APIs to enable middleware developers to easily link other networks to 
Debitum Network.

Business model

There are many places for different actors to make money on the ecosystem, 
communities’ leaders can earn from growing and looking after the community, 
investors can earn interest on loans provided, SMEs can gain access to loans needed 
for growth. Debitum Network will ensure trust arbitrage smart contract and will be 
able to participate in the whole ecosystem. 

https://debitum.network


69https://debitum.network

Competition

Debitum Network competes with pseudo peer-to-peer systems with centralized 
management, with traditional vertically integrated institutions such as banks and 
credit unions as well as with some blockchain based solutions. Most important 
advantages of Debitum Network are lower costs and entry barriers. The main 
drawback is the unusual nature of the framework which may limit the interest from 
businesses at the initial stage.

https://debitum.network


70https://debitum.network

Future Prospects
Today’s industry “whales” represent an existential threat to themselves. They 
monopolize entire sectors and raise prices until the people have to fight back 
in antitrust courts. They concentrate so much sensitive data in one place that if 
something goes really wrong the size of the problem will be way beyond the scope of 
any single company. And it feels more like ‘when’ than ‘if’. They abuse crowdsourcing 
by seizing the sharing economy trend, creating an illusion of “democratization” but 
in reality, restricting access, dictating rules, lowering margins for everybody else, 
and generating the endless stream of all sorts of conflicts. The latest development 
is that they are attempting to build permissioned distributed ledgers. That’s a cargo 
cult and a serious security trap. Those systems, raised in sterile environments, 
are going to be very vulnerable in the environment where hackers are trained on 
constantly attacking open platforms which keep developing their immune systems 
being open to the wild. Big corporations are trying to build an “intranet” again, 
but this time, when they fail, the wild versions of things are soon going to be fully 
functionable to entice their clientele.

An extreme centralization of things that we see today is temporary and nothing new. 
History develops in an upward spiral where governance centralization fluctuates 
between periods of weakness and strength. As a result, many tech stacks have a 
sandwich structure—there are layers created in periods of relative decentralization 
or chaos and layers created in periods of relative centralization or autocracy. 
More new rounds of both centralization and decentralization are ahead. And it is 
evident whose turn it is now. Decentralization is a vague term meaning anything 
from “not all the processing of the transactions is done in the same place” to “not 
one single entity has control over all the processing”. In case of Debitum Network, 
from the very beginning, we will have ‘architectural’ decentralization (many physical 
computers hosting the system) and ‘political’ decentralization (many individuals or 
organizations ultimately control the computers that the system is made up of). 
Once enough counterparties across many regions join the system, it will achieve 

https://debitum.network


71https://debitum.network

the final stage of decentralization, a ‘logical’ one—the interface and data structures 
will become an amorphous swarm.

At later stages, the crypto innovation and decentralization might be accompanied 
by shifts in the entire fabrics of economics. Economics is essentially how people 
respond to incentives. Some big changes may take place in the not-so-distant future, 
so people’s motivations will substantially mutate. The dominant business model for 
physical goods may follow the software business fashion and play the ‘subscription 
shuffle’ game so more people will not own products so much anymore, in a traditional 
sense, but will “subscribe” to stuff and maybe even own the manufacturing in a 
collective way. Unlike in software, in hardware it might actually make a lot of sense. 
For example, Philips is setting up a business model where they sell light, not lamps. 
A person pays for light, like an annual fee. The same is broadly discussed about cars 
when they are self-driving. The same would also be good for shoes, jeans and many 
other commodity-like things. Thus, consumers get quality products with constant 
upgrades and can precisely plan their expenses; businesses cut costs and invest 
in strategic improvements, not into a pointless new model rush; society can rely 
on vertically integrated responsible actors to channel energy, waste, and other 
pressure on the environment. In line with the above “saving economy”, a potential 
switch from inflationary monetary model to deflationary one may become another 
reason for economics to change. Now people are eager to spend dollars but prefer 
to hold bitcoins. While we know for sure that the inflationary model of consumerism 
can generate economic growth, albeit with constant threat of crises, in case of an 
economy with dominant bitcoin-like money, we don’t know whether people will be 
that motivated to set alarm clocks and go to work much.

Why does Debitum Network has better than average chances to survive such 
[political] tectonics? First of all, it can adapt to a needed size and seamlessly migrate 
its focus to more lucrative regions where there’s more demand. Secondly, it can 
comparatively easily incorporate cryptocurrencies to carry principal capital and 
new types of collateral including those new smart-contract-based types. And most 
importantly, Debitum Network will accumulate efforts invested into it over time 

https://debitum.network


72https://debitum.network

in the form of structural improvements of distributed software not as tangible and 
intangible assets exposed to political risk. Should a major crisis occur, it can always 
wait it out in a temporary hibernation mode.

https://debitum.network


73https://debitum.network

About the team
The Debitum Network team comes from the innovative technology company 
INNTEC and DEBIFO, a successful traditional invoice financing business in Europe.

Tested by the Market

DEBIFO is a recognized brand in the alternative financing sector. Since the launch 
in mid-2015, the company has financed more than 3,700 individual invoices to 
small and medium businesses and traded over 25M Eur of funded invoices.

https://debitum.network


74https://debitum.network

Verified by Institutional Investors

DEBIFO has raised 3M Eur of capital including 1M from MUNDUS Asset Management 
Fund. Three funds have conducted successful due diligence of DEBIFO.

Awarded by the Industry Consortium 

DEBIFO has received acknowledgement as “The Best Financial service of 2016” 
provided by the Lithuanian Business Confederation, the organization that unites 
companies which account for around one quarter of Lithuania’s GDP.

Acknowledged by Professional Media

In 2016, DEBIFO has been recognized by Forbes as a “FinTech company to follow”.

https://debitum.network


75https://debitum.network

The Team

The team behind the Debitum Network who is working on making the project 
happen:

https://debitum.network


76https://debitum.network

Debitum Network team constitutes of inspired finance and technology professionals 
who already have a successful track record of creating working alternative financing 
ecosystem in Europe.

We have adopted the solution based on feedback, comments and suggestions 
provided by our advisor team and community. We believe that Debitum Network 
due to its design and architecture (both business and technical) can change the 
SME financing worldwide!

https://debitum.network


77https://debitum.network

The Advisors

The team of advisors who are supporting the team on various questions, mostly on 
finance and international business development:

https://debitum.network


78https://debitum.network

The Supporters

The supporters who are supporting the cause behind Debitum Network or are 
waiting for the launch of Debitum Network to join the ecosystem:

Visit https://debitum.network to subscribe for future updates; to comment and ask 
questions.

https://debitum.network
https://debitum.network


79https://debitum.network

APPENDIX A - credit gap by 
country
Detailed data for countries that have been recognized by the World Bank as having 
a credit gap:

Region Country
Credit 
Gap, $D  

SMEs, number
Credit 
gap / 
SME

Unserved + 
Underserved, 
% of SMEs

East Asia China 337.886 103.547.974 3.263 49%

South 
America

Brazil 237.429 16.030.344 14.811 53%

Middle East Saudi Arabia 237.392 1.842.991 128.808 49%

West Asia India 140.282 49.634.092 2.826 47%

East Asia South Korea 114.071 4.643.936 24.563 49%

Europe Turkey 72.826 4.120.213 17.675 50%

South 
America

Argentina 66.630 2.133.094 31.236 49%

Southeast 
Asia

Thailand 65.864 11.378.577 5.788 49%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Mexico 63.578 11.204.405 5.674 48%

Europe Greece 57.038 1.065.737 53.520 49%

Europe Russia 49.827 3.605.142 13.821 52%

South 
America

Venezuela 45.070 3.274.676 13.763 48%

https://debitum.network


80https://debitum.network

Region Country
Credit 
Gap, $D  

SMEs, number
Credit 
gap / 
SME

Unserved + 
Underserved, 
% of SMEs

South 
America

Chile 39.591 1.870.040 21.171 53%

Europe Poland 38.085 2.137.939 17.814 52%

Europe
Czech 
Republic

37.419 1.099.857 34.022 55%

West Asia Iran 37.038 4.475.981 8.275 50%

South 
America

Colombia 35.667 4.289.790 8.314 63%

Southeast 
Asia

Hong Kong 33.434 791.294 42.252 49%

South 
America

Ecuador 28.197 1.773.810 15.896 52%

West Africa Nigeria 27.648 9.480.996 2.916 52%

Southeast 
Asia

Indonesia 27.538 41.115.822 670 53%

Southeast 
Asia

Vietnam 24.672 9.245.088 2.669 49%

Southeast 
Asia

Singapore 23.816 497.975 47.826 49%

East Asia North Korea 22.310 2.822.944 7.903 49%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Cuba 21.969 1.038.225 21.160 49%

Southeast 
Asia

Malaysia 19.377 2.625.575 7.380 48%

https://debitum.network


81https://debitum.network

Region Country
Credit 
Gap, $D  

SMEs, number
Credit 
gap / 
SME

Unserved + 
Underserved, 
% of SMEs

South 
America

Peru 17.516 2.371.293 7.387 57%

North Africa Algeria 16.385 1.712.733 9.567 52%

Middle East
United Arab 
Emirates

16.086 257.908 62.371 49%

Europe Hungary 15.254 761.241 20.038 48%

Middle East Kuwait 14.061 161.826 86.890 49%

South Africa South Africa 13.428 2.213.146 6.067 47%

West Asia Pakistan 12.073 9.079.836 1.330 47%

Europe Romania 11.784 1.111.909 10.598 50%

Southeast 
Asia

Philippines 11.707 3.893.667 3.007 49%

North Africa Sudan 11.355 1.951.120 5.820 49%

Central Asia Kazakhstan 11.138 750.414 14.842 50%

South East 
Asia

Burma 11.055 4.750.360 2.327 49%

North Africa Egypt 10.939 6.424.010 1.703 49%

Central Africa
Congo 
Dem. Rep.

10.581 3.000.683 3.526 62%

West Asia Bangladesh 10.409 10.627.090 979 50%

Central Africa Angola 9.369 844.992 11.088 66%

Europe Slovenia 8.630 148.288 58.198 52%

https://debitum.network


82https://debitum.network

Region Country
Credit 
Gap, $D  

SMEs, number
Credit 
gap / 
SME

Unserved + 
Underserved, 
% of SMEs

Southeast 
Asia

Brunei 8.551 63.127 135.457 49%

North Africa Libya 8.407 399.443 21.047 49%

South 
America

Bolivia 8.196 1.171.777 6.995 51%

West Africa Niger 7.988 676.954 11.800 51%

Middle East Qatar 7.826 59.078 132.469 49%

Middle East Syria 7.807 824.704 9.466 49%

North Africa Morocco 7.539 2.130.833 3.538 50%

Middle East Iraq 7.421 1.900.575 3.905 49%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Honduras 7.143 743.726 9.604 54%

Central Asia Uzbekistan 6.880 965.156 7.128 50%

South 
America

Paraguay 6.353 1.139.366 5.576 50%

East Africa Kenya 6.298 2.303.635 2.734 50%

West Africa Cote d'Ivoire 5.997 1.141.684 5.253 80%

Europe Croatia 5.958 278.167 21.419 50%

South 
America

Uruguay 5.583 313.023 17.836 50%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Guatemala 5.564 1.059.789 5.250 37%

https://debitum.network


83https://debitum.network

Region Country
Credit 
Gap, $D  

SMEs, number
Credit 
gap / 
SME

Unserved + 
Underserved, 
% of SMEs

East Africa Ethiopia 5.434 2.319.072 2.343 52%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Jamaica 5.322 478.778 11.116 49%

Europe
Bosnia and 
Herzegovina

4.989 242.261 20.593 49%

West Africa Ghana 4.822 1.479.310 3.260 51%

Europe Ukraine 4.799 567.838 8.451 55%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Costa Rica 4.327 307.505 14.071 51%

Europe Belarus 4.191 277.535 15.101 53%

West Africa Burkina-Faso 4.136 864.128 4.786 83%

Europe Lithuania 4.111 210.916 19.491 49%

Europe Serbia 4.099 289.814 14.144 56%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Haiti 3.853 899.177 4.285 49%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Dominican 
Republic

3.778 518.412 7.288 49%

Europe Slovakia 3.533 174.296 20.270 51%

West Asia Sri Lanka 3.532 1.015.354 3.479 50%

South 
America

Trinidad & 
Tobago

3.439 104.103 33.035 49%

https://debitum.network


84https://debitum.network

Region Country
Credit 
Gap, $D  

SMEs, number
Credit 
gap / 
SME

Unserved + 
Underserved, 
% of SMEs

East Africa Madagascar 3.401 893.003 3.808 70%

Europe Bulgaria 3.214 515.991 6.229 52%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

El Salvador 2.508 635.021 3.949 51%

South Africa Tanzania 2.482 4.256.133 583 51%

Europe Latvia 2.475 120.071 20.613 51%

Central Africa Chad 2.474 71.049 34.821 51%

Southeast 
Asia

Cambodia 2.462 1.203.568 2.046 49%

South Africa Zambia 2.449 568.272 4.310 49%

Asia Afghanistan 2.434 1.312.589 1.854 50%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Nicaragua 2.410 616.359 3.910 50%

West Africa Senegal 2.305 57.133 40.344 51%

Europe Armenia 2.098 196.388 10.683 61%

Central Africa Congo, Rep 2.056 172.839 11.895 53%

West Africa Benin 2.049 676.775 3.028 55%

East Africa Somalia 2.010 560.509 3.586 49%

Europe Azerbaijan 1.971 367.247 5.367 51%

North Africa Tunisia 1.858 485.188 3.829 49%

https://debitum.network


85https://debitum.network

Region Country
Credit 
Gap, $D  

SMEs, number
Credit 
gap / 
SME

Unserved + 
Underserved, 
% of SMEs

Australia & 
Oceania

Papua New 
Guinea

1.815 619.192 2.931 49%

Central Africa Gabon 1.812 67.215 26.958 49%

East Africa Zimbabwe 1.763 227.725 7.742 48%

Middle East Jordan 1.648 408.537 4.034 46%

Asia Turkmenistan 1.647 188.930 8.718 49%

Middle East Oman 1.459 92.363 15.796 49%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Panama 1.435 262.944 5.457 49%

West Africa Mali 1.388 665.193 2.087 74%

Middle East Israel 1.347 257.705 5.227 49%

Middle East Yemen 1.265 1.390.861 910 49%

Asia Nepal 1.204 1.305.839 922 56%

Europe Estonia 1.197 75.637 15.826 44%

Central Africa
Equatorial 
Guinea

1.185 28.807 41.136 48%

West Africa Togo 1.157 302.469 3.825 52%

South Africa Botswana 1.146 99.352 11.535 39%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Belize 1.141 36.700 31.090 49%

https://debitum.network


86https://debitum.network

Region Country
Credit 
Gap, $D  

SMEs, number
Credit 
gap / 
SME

Unserved + 
Underserved, 
% of SMEs

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Bahamas 1.117 27.810 40.165 49%

South Africa Malawi 1.085 1.353.253 802 49%

West Africa Mauritania 1.072 148.834 7.203 52%

Middle East Lebanon 1.015 168.883 6.010 49%

Europe Albania 1.007 134.830 7.469 51%

Europe Montenegro 938 36.116 25.972 53%

West Africa Guinea 913 629.779 1.450 50%

Europe Georgia 876 133.802 6.547 49%

Europe Macedonia 819 87.672 9.342 56%

East Africa Uganda 752 1.194.387 630 48%

Southeast 
Asia

Laos 730 522.317 1.398 16%

Central Africa
Central 
African 
Republic

708 127.226 5.565 48%

South Africa Namibia 666 100.823 6.606 46%

East Africa Eritrea 643 230.452 2.790 45%

Central Africa Burundi 613 374.485 1.637 50%

West Africa Liberia 600 172.839 3.471 49%

Europe Moldova 580 64.700 8.964 54%

https://debitum.network


87https://debitum.network

Region Country
Credit 
Gap, $D  

SMEs, number
Credit 
gap / 
SME

Unserved + 
Underserved, 
% of SMEs

South 
America

Suriname 563 46.349 12.147 49%

Central Africa Cameroon 536 778.731 688 68%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Barbados 535 20.002 26.747 49%

East Africa Mauritius 533 131.478 4.054 49%

Australia & 
Oceania

Fiji 471 77.399 6.085 48%

South 
America

Guyana 425 74.257 5.723 49%

West Africa Sierra Leone 386 259.259 1.489 51%

South Africa Lesotho 363 96.022 3.780 48%

Central Africa Rwanda 323 230.774 1.400 50%

Asia
Kyrgyz 
Republic

286 167.331 1.709 50%

Asia Mongolia 277 251.547 1.101 51%

South Africa Swaziland 265 57.613 4.600 48%

Asia Tajikistan 259 298.047 869 52%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Saint Lucia 258 18.540 13.916 49%

East Africa Djibouti 253 51.541 4.909 49%

South Africa Mozambique 246 536.212 459 48%

https://debitum.network


88https://debitum.network

Region Country
Credit 
Gap, $D  

SMEs, number
Credit 
gap / 
SME

Unserved + 
Underserved, 
% of SMEs

Southeast 
Asia

Timor-Leste 133 93.749 1.419 49%

Australia & 
Oceania

Solomon 
Islands

130 48.374 2.687 49%

East Africa Comoros 129 28.807 4.478 48%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Grenada 127 9.270 13.700 49%

Australia & 
Oceania

Samoa 114 16.865 6.760 49%

West Africa Guinea-Bissau 112 72.016 1.555 14%

Central 
America & 
Caribbean

Saint Vincent 
and the 
Grenadines

107 927 115.426 49%

West Africa Cape Verde 96 24.005 3.999 52%

Asia Bhutan 93 34.936 2.662 50%

Asia Maldives 92 14.972 6.145 50%

West Africa Gambia 92 76.817 1.198 50%

West Africa
Sao Tome 
and Principe

47 9.602 4.895 48%

Australia & 
Oceania

Tonga 43 9.675 4.444 51%

Australia & 
Oceania

Micronesia 32 9.675 3.307 50%

Source: https://www.smefinanceforum.org/data-sites/ifc-enterprise-finance-gap

https://debitum.network
https://www.smefinanceforum.org/data-sites/ifc-enterprise-finance-gap

