












































 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FIRST EVER  

COMMODITY - CRYPTO EXCHANGE 

 

 

WHITEPAPER 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 

Contents 
 

1. INTRODUCTION ................................................................................................ 2 

2. BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. 3 

3. CHALLENGES OF CURRENT CRYPTO CURRENCY EXCHANGE ............................. 5 

4. DIGITAL TICKS EXCHANGE (DTx) ....................................................................... 7 

5. DIGITAL TICKS EXCHANGE REVENUE MODEL ................................................. 12 

6. ROADMAP ...................................................................................................... 13 

7. DTx TOKENS ................................................................................................... 14 

8. DTx TOKENS USE CASES & REPURCHASING PLAN........................................... 16 

9. DTx FUNDS USAGE ......................................................................................... 17 

 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 

1. INTRODUCTION 

 
A First ever commodity - crypto exchange well designed by traders for traders. 
Digital Ticks Exchange (DTx) is just not another crypto to crypto exchange but is 
also a semi-algorithm platform provider in its own. DTx plans to cater to all types 
of crypto assets as well as commodity to crypto assets. DTx would be power 
packed by a lot of advanced features including all the basic features of an 
exchange required by a novice trader to a professional trader as well as for a high 
frequency trader. In terms of security DTx is taking extra precautionary measures 
to avoid any kind of hacks like DDoS attacks, phishing attempts and by also 
performing vulnerability assessments and penetration testing. DTx has installed 
robust technologies behind the scene that could handle heavy volatility of the 
crypto markets as well as commodity markets which can handle upto 1,000,000 
orders per second.  

 
Digital Ticks Exchange team believes into robust technology, ahead of industry 
standards in terms of providing customer service to its stakeholders as well as 
traders. Digital Ticks Exchange team ensures all its traders to have a smooth and 
user friendly trading experience. 
 
Digital Ticks Exchange would not levy any transaction charges for first few months 
of inception thereby giving traders to trade on zero transaction charges. DTx would 
give volume-based incentive for high frequency trader (HFT) which would give 
them scope for retaining higher profitability in the trade. 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

2. BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY 

 
Blockchains are secure by design and are an example of a distributed computing 
system with high fault tolerance. Decentralized consensus has therefore been 
achieved with a blockchain. This makes blockchains potentially suitable for the 
recording of events, medical records, and other records management activities, 
such as identity management, transaction processing, documenting provenance, 
food traceability or voting. 

 

Benefits of Blockchain Technology 
 
➢ Decentralization 
➢ Transparency and trust 
➢ Immutability 
➢ High availability 
➢ Highly secure 
➢ Simplification of current paradigms 
➢ Faster dealings 
➢ Cost saving 
➢ Peer-to-peer global transactions 

 

Use Cases 
 

➢ Stock exchange 
The notion of using blockchain technology for securities and commodities 
trading has been around for a while. Given the open-yet-reliable nature of 
blockchain systems, it isn’t surprising to hear that stock exchanges now 
consider it as the next big leap forward. 

 
In fact, Australia’s stock exchange is already dead set on switching to a 
blockchain-powered system for their operations.  

 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-12-06/blockchain-scores-
major-win-as-australian-exchange-plans-shift 

 

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-12-06/blockchain-scores-major-win-as-australian-exchange-plans-shift
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-12-06/blockchain-scores-major-win-as-australian-exchange-plans-shift


 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 
 

➢ Cryptocurrency Volume 
The cryptocurrency market is now doing the same daily volume as the New 
York Stock Exchange 

Dec. 20, 2017 LONDON — Global cryptocurrency markets are now 
averaging the same daily trading volumes as the New York Stock Exchange. 
Twenty-four-hour trade volume in the cryptocurrency market passed the $50 
billion mark on Wednesday, according to the data provider CoinMarketCap.com. 
That is close to the average daily volume of trade on the New York Stock 
Exchange this year. Daily trading volumes on the London Stock Exchange hover at 
about £5 billion, or $6.7 billion. The comparison is inexact, as the cryptocurrency 
market is arguably closer to the foreign-exchange market, which has daily 
volumes of over $5 trillion. 

 
 

Cryptocurrency Market Cap & Volume 
 

Date Market Cap 24 Hr Volume 

01-01-2016 7.17 B 48.15 M 

01-01-2017 17.73 B 130.05 M 

01-01-2018 612.92 B 31.42 B 

Source: coinmarketcap.com 
  



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

3. CHALLENGES OF CURRENT CRYPTO CURRENCY EXCHANGE 

 
➢ Lack of Liquidity 

Lack of liquidity is a concern for all the traders in the market as it increases 
the impact cost / cost of investment while trading and makes it difficult for them 
to trade. This majorly happens because not many people are buying and selling 
assets on the exchange thereby creating a thin depth in the market.  

Digital Ticks Exchange would have dedicated market makers who would 
provide continous depth and liquidity in the market. Digital Ticks Exchange team 
has a decade of market making experience in global financial derivatives market. 

 
➢ Inefficient customer service 

Currently customer service is posing a major problem to the trader 
community. Delivery of customer service is very slow, they don’t even respond to 
queries for days, long withdrawal times, login issues and funds locked into the 
exchange with nobody to guide for the same. When dealing with such large 
amount of funds it becomes essential to have a team of professionals to solve 
customer queries. 

Digital Ticks Exchange team understands the trader mindset where every 
nano-second of trading is important. To cater to the same Digital Ticks Exchange 
team has built up a dedicated customer service oriented team who would be 
ready to solve the queries of the trader on the go.  

 
➢ Security 

Cryptocurrency Exchanges that carry customer’s funds in huge volume 
have become a target for hackers and internal frauds. These security concerns 
make deposits into these exchanges unsecured. 

Digital Ticks Exchange team ensures that the security system will undergo 

continuous improvement, regular IT security and financial audits. Digital Ticks 

Exchange team would perform vulnerability scans  & assessments, security 

assessments and penetration testing.  

 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 
 

➢ Latency Problem 
Increase in new registrations, sudden spike in volumes, inappropriate 

infrastructure, unstable connection quality and exchanges reaching its limits in 
terms of order per second results into latency problems. 

Digital Ticks Exchange team has over a decade of trading experience and 
understands the price volatility in crypto world. If their is a slight delay in the 
update of price then a trader can face heavy losses. For the same Digital Ticks 
Exchange team would provide robust technology in place and is committed to 
upgrade the same from time to time. 

 
➢ Downtime 

Shutdown of exchange without any information can cause huge financial 
losses to traders who cannot place or modify their orders especially when market 
is highly volatile. Users trading come to a halt and they cannot withdraw their 
own fund from the exchange which results into loss of trust on the exchanges. 

Digital Ticks Exchange team would perform scheduled maintainence by 
updating their registered users in advance. 

 
 
 
 

 

 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

4. DIGITAL TICKS EXCHANGE (DTx) 

 
➢ Features – (To be rolled out on platform in following order) 

• Crypto- Crypto Currency Pair 

• Commodity- Crypto Pair 

• Spot Trading 

• Futures 

• Algorithms & High Frequency trading 

• Decentralized (on-chain) exchange 

• Much more for ease of doing trading… 

 
➢ Trading Coins / Commodities 

Digital Ticks Exchange would support following trading coins / commodities: 

• BTC 

• ETH 

• LTC 

• NEO 

• DTx 

• GOLD 

• SILVER 
More trading pairs would be added over a period of time as per the demand of 
the trading community. If you wish to list a coin or any other financial 
instrument on Digital Ticks Exchange in future, participation in token sale will 
help. 

 
➢ Security 

We value and protect your privacy and the security of your wallet. Digital Ticks 

Exchange team has undergone lot of security checklist to keep client assets and 

personal data safe. Funds not necessary for immediate withdrawal are held in 

secure offline air gapped cold storage. 

Cold storage in the context of Bitcoin refers to keeping a reserve of Bitcoins 
offline. This is often a necessary security precaution, especially dealing with 
large amounts of Bitcoin. Digital Ticks Exchange typically offer an instant 
withdrawal feature, so to minimize the possibility that an intruder could steal 
the entire reserve in a security breach, we will follow a best practice by keeping 
the majority of the reserve in cold storage, or in other words, not present on 
the web server or any other computer. 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 
 
 
 

➢ Multi Signature Wallets 
Digital Ticks Exchange would be using Multisignature (often called as multisig). 
Multisig is a form of technology which is used to add additional layer of security 
for cryptocurrency transactions. Funds can be withdrawn through 
Multisig wallet only if 2 out of 3 registered signatures matches on Blockchain 
Technology 

 
➢ Two-factor Google Authentication (2FA) 

Digital Ticks Exchange enforces two factor authentications (2FA) at the time of 
log in as well as at the time of withdrawal of crypto assets. Withdrawal of 
crypto assets would also require an email confirmation to protect the security 
of the user. 

 
➢ DDoS protection 

Digital Ticks Exchange would be using DDoS protection for its exchange to 
protect their users from any type of hacks. A DDoS (Distributed Denial of 
Service) attack is an attempt to exhaust the resources available to a network, 
application or service so that genuine users cannot gain access. 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 
 

➢ TRADING FEATURES 
 

• Trading multiple instruments 
 Trader can have an option to put multiple orders together in different 
instrument at the same time through a dedicated window provided by the 
Digital Ticks Exchange . 
 

• Single Click Portfolio View 
 Trader will have an ease of looking at multiple instruments on a single 
screen named as portfolio view. 
 

• OCO (One cancels the other) Order 
Digital Ticks Exchange understands the unexpected volatility of 

cryptocurrency which can come at any time during 24 hours. Digital Ticks 
Exchange therefore believes in providing an ease to the trader by giving an 
option of OCO trading. Trader can place a square off order as well as the stop 
loss order simultaneously on the exchange and as soon as either of the order 
gets hit another order would automatically get cancelled, thereby provide 
trader with an ease of doing trading. 

 

• Trading through mouse and use of HOT KEYS 
Digital Ticks Exchange believes in providing utmost ease of trading and for 

the same Digital Ticks R&D team would also provide with an added feature of 
shortcut keys named as “Hot Keys” which would make trading easier for 
volume-based traders and High frequency traders to execute the trades. HOT 
KEY facility would be available on .exe set up only. 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 
 

➢ TRADING FEES AND INCENTIVES 
 

• Volume based discount Model  
Digital Ticks Exchange would provide trading fee discount for its High-

volume traders. To avail the Volume based discount a trader would require to 
hold 2000 DTx tokens in their wallet on the Digital Ticks Exchange with a 
minimum lock in period of 1 month. The details of same would be updated on 
website under Latest News section.  

 

• Maker & Taker concept 
Digital Ticks Exchange would be providing fee incentive to Maker. As the 

name suggests a trader who provides depth and liquidity on the exchange 
would be termed as maker, hence he would be eligible for a fee incentive, the 
details of which would be published through announcements on website under 
Latest News section. A taker is one who typically trades on the market prices 
and thereby their trades are considered as active trades.  

 

• Minimal Trading Fees 
Digital Ticks Exchange believes in giving more depth and liquidity to the 

participants by reducing the transaction charges. Digital Ticks Exchange would 
publish the competitive transaction charges on the website through the 
announcements. 
 

➢ MULTIPLE DEVICE COMPATIBILITY 
 Digital Ticks Exchange believes in giving ease of trading to its registered 
users and to do so Digital Ticks Exchange would provide multiple device 
compatibility through cross platform trading benefits to their registered users 
 

• Web based trading client 

• PC (windows) native client 

• Android Native app 

• IOS native client (pending App Store review) 

• API 
 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 

➢ Referrals on DIGITAL TICKS EXCHANGE 
Digital Ticks exchange will provide all the registered users with the unique 

referral link under their registered accounts section. Trader can share the link 
with their friends to avail a 5% benefit of the commission earned by the Digital 
Exchange Exchange. Example: If trader Rocky shares his referral code with Mr. 
Tin and Mr, Tin registers on Digital Exchange Ticks with the code provided by 
Rocky then every time Mr. Tin trades on the Digital Ticks Exchange he would be 
charged a commission fees which would be collected by Digital Ticks if the trade 
is an active trade. Digital Ticks would then calculate the commission received 
from Mr. Tin and would share 5% of the commission received from Mr. Tin to 
Rocky registered account.  

 
DIGITAL TICKS ARCHITECTURE 

 

 
 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 
 

5. DIGITAL TICKS EXCHANGE REVENUE MODEL 

 
➢ Exchange Commission Fees 

Digital Ticks Exchange initially will operate on zero transaction cost for its early 
adopter trader. However, their will be a charge of 0.1% on value going further 
down the line. Other features like maker-taker, volume-based incentives would 
be introduced subsequently from the date of operation of the exchange. Digital 
Ticks Exchange would have no plan to charge above 0.1%  on value. 

 
➢ Withdrawal Fees 

Digital Ticks Exchange may charge a small fee for withdrawal.  

 
➢ Listing Fees 

Digital Ticks Exchange would be happy to list the tokens/coins/commodities 
depending on their innovations and demand from trading community. However, 
there may be a fee associated towards the listing process. 

 
➢ Other Fees 

Digital Ticks Exchange may charge a small fee for other features available on 
platform which would give ease of trading to traders. 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 

6. ROADMAP 

 
DTx token sale would be available to all as per below schedule. All times are  
GMT (+4) 

 

Date Launch Detail 

15/12/2017 Idea Generation (Project Start Up) 

02/01/2018 Development of User Interface prototype for Investors 

20/01/2018 Planning of Launching DTx Token Sale 

15/02/2018 Whitepaper circulated to Angel Investor 

07/03/2018 Digital Ticks website goes Live and Whitepaper goes Public 

25/03/2018 DTx Pre Token Sale begins 

15/04/2018 DTx Public Token Sale Begins 

15/06/2018 DTx Token sale Ends 

20/06/2018 Launch of DTx Tokens on Leading Exchanges 

01/08/2018 Launch of Digital Ticks Exchange (DTx) v 1.0 

15/08/2018 Mobile Apps released 

15/09/2018 Listing of additional Alt Coins 

25/03/2019 Annual Ceremony 

15/05/2019 1000+ cryptocurrencies listed, daily exchange volume expected 
200000+ BTC. 

15/07/2019 One of the Top 10 worldwide cryptocurrency Exchange Platforms 

 Quarter 4 2019 Listing of Digital Ticks Exchange IPO on recognized Stock Exchange 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

7. DTx TOKENS  

 
DTx token would be available for purchase to public. DTx Token is an UTILITY Token. A strict 
limit of 128 MM DTx tokens will be created, never to be increased. DTx token will be a 
ERC20 compatible token and built on Ethereum blockchain technology.   

 

Allocation of DTx Tokens 
 

TOKEN SALE 50% 64,000,000 
FOUNDING TEAM 20% 25,600,000 

RESERVES 10% 12,800,000 

REFERRAL 10%   12,800,000 
ADVISOR 8% 10,240,000 

BOUNTY PROGRAM 2%   2,560,000 
 

    DTx TOKENS 
 

DTx token sale will be open for pre-sale from 25th March 2018. One can purchase 
DTx token by giving equivalent amount of BTC / ETH / WIRE TRANSFER. Wire 
transfer would be acceptable through our Intermediaries across the globe. 

 

Token Name DTx 
Token Platform Ethereum ERC – 20 

Purchase Method BTC/ETH/Wire Transfer 

Token Type Utility 

Pre – Token Sale Period 25.03.2018 – 15.04.2018 

Pre – Token Sale Price 1 DTx = 0.30 USD 

Public Sale Period 15.04.2018 – 15.06.2018 

Public Sale Token Price 1 DTx = 0.375 – 0.700 USD 

Soft Cap USD  5.7 Million 

Hard Cap USD 30 Million 

Unsold Tokens It will be burned after Token sale  
ends 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 
DTx token sale would start from 15:00 hours (GMT+4) 25th March 2018, investors can buy 
the token in following phases. The early they buy the more benefit investor would get as the 
price would increase at every next level. 

 

                         PHASES AMT. OF TOKEN ISSUE PRICE (in USD) 

    

    

 PRESALE 19,200,000 0.300 

TIER 1 HARDCAP 9,600,000 0.375 

TIER 2 HARDCAP 9,600,000 0.450 

TIER 3 HARDCAP 12,800,000 0.575 

TIER 4 HARDCAP 12,800,000 0.700 

    

TOTAL  64,000,000  

 
 

DTx Tokens can be purchased by exchanging equivalent amount of BTC / ETH / WIRE 
TRANSFER. Wire transfer would be accepted through our Intermediaries across the 
globe.  

 

 
REFERRAL PROGRAM DURING DTx TOKEN SALE PHASE 

Each crowdsale participant will be provided with a unique referral URL. 
- A referrer will receive an additional amount of DTx Tokens equal to 5% of 
the DTx Tokens bought by all of their referred buyers. 
- This additional 5% is taken from the reserved 5% referral fund allocated. 

For example: 
-  You and a friend both purchase 100 DTx Token, but your friend signs up using 

your  
referral link. 

-  You will receive: 105 DTx Token. 
-  Your friend will receive: 100 DTx Token. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 
 

8. DTx TOKENS USE CASES & REPURCHASING PLAN 

 

DTx tokens would be used to pay fees on our platform , included but not limited to: 
 

➢ Exchange trading fees 
➢ Volume Based Incentive discount 
➢ Withdrawal Fees 
➢ Listing Fees 
➢ Additional functionalities like research report, statistical calculation, etc 
➢ Strategic Investment by beneficiary member of the exchange 
➢ Any other fees  
 

 

Exchange fee discounting model 
 

Year Discount Rate 

1st Year 50% 

2nd Year 40% 

3rd Year 30% 

4th Year 20% 

5th Year 10% 

6th Year No discount 
 
 
 

Repurchasing Plan 
 
Digital Ticks team of founders are dedicated to create value for all its stakeholders and 
for the same Digital Ticks team would repurchase DTx tokens equivalent to 20% of last 
year total profit in four equal installments every quarter in the next year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 
 

9. DTx FUNDS USAGE 

 
All the funds received from the DTx Token Sale will be used for development of 
Digital Ticks Exchange Commodity - Crypto Platform 

 

• Exchange Development: 30% of the funds will be used to build Digital Ticks 
Exchange platform and perform upgrades to the system, which includes team 
recruiting, training, and the development budget. 
 

• Marketing:  40% of the funds will be used for Digital Ticks Exchange branding and 
marketing, including continuous promotion and blockchain innovations in 
industry mediums.  Only word of mouth publicity would not be sufficient to help 
Digital Ticks Exchange become popular among investors, and to attract active 
users to the platform it will also have to conduct various advertisement activities. 
 

• Reserve Fund: 15 % of the funds will be held in reserve for liquidity to be 
allocated as needed 
 

 

 



 

 

                                                              www.digitalticks.com 

 
 
 

• Legal: 5% of the funds will be used for legal framework.  It will be needed to 
attain required licenses for expansion into different states and countries and 
legal analysis to ensure we are adhering to all the regulatory requirements.  Legal 
compliance is the key to success of Digital Ticks Exchange. 

 

• Operation: 5% of the funds will be used for day to day activities of the exchange, 
customer support, employees salary, server cost and so on 
 

• Audit & Security: 5% of the funds will be used to make sure security of all crypto 
assets aiming to achieve banking industry level auditing and security compliance. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WHITEPAPER PROPOSED BY 
 

JITU BAJAJ and MAYUR PODDAR 
(On Behalf of Digital Ticks) 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

DISCLAIMER 
This Whitepaper is for discussion purpose only and Sole Intellectual property of Digital Ticks 


