











































digipulse.io

Disclaimer
Disclaimer: this document (hereinafter referred to as “White Paper”) establishes and 
defines the principles upon which Digipulse, as a service and company will operate, re-
garding both the business model, as well as the technical solution. The information in 
the White Paper is subject to change - all changes can be found under the section “Re-
visions to version”. Please refer to “Terms and Conditions” found at www.digipulse.io 
for full details.

Abstract
Digipulse service is a decentralised cloud storage with an automated transfer of own-
ership based on the activity signals received from connected API integrations. It oper-
ates as a subscription-based SaaS platform.

The project aims to ensure that all user’s digital assets and crypto wallets can be 
stored on a decentralized storage, in an encrypted manner and can automatically be 
transferred to recipients chosen by the original holder, based on pre-set conditions.

As cryptocurrency increases in both circulation and value so does the necessity to 
secure digital asset longevity and transfer/distribution mechanism. And seen how 
complete digitalization is still at a relatively early stage, most online services do not 
consider the potential digital asset loss of their users a legitimate problem.

https://www.digipulse.io/


digipulse.io

Contents

Disclaimer              2
Abstract              2
The Problem             4
Opportunity             4
Project creation             5
Industry analysis             6
 General description           6
 Demographics and segmentation         7
 Market need          11
Service description/ Technology        12
 Recipient access          12
 “Pulse network”          13
 Connecting with services through their APIs     13
 Digipulse API for full integration possibilities     14
 Encryption           14
 Inheritance           14
 File upload and access         15
 File Storage          17
 Data storage: Centralised vs Decentralised     17
 Ownership transfer         18
 Privacy           18
 Risk factors          19
  Recipient verification        19
Competitor analysis          20
Business structure          23
 Token mechanics          23
 DGPS holders          24
 The Digipulse token         25
The Company           26

https://www.digipulse.io/


4digipulse.io

The Problem
New innovations and products adapted by the market undoubtedly create new prob-
lems. Cryptocurrencies are a virtual form of assets (depending on the jurisdiction) 
protected by unbreakable cryptography. This attribute makes them a secure way of 
storing wealth but also creates the risk of forever losing access to one’s digital wallet 
in case of death or loss of memory. This can become a major problem for the relatives 
of individuals who have invested into an ever growing cryptocurrency market1. 

Due to the characteristics that random modifications and forgery on the records is 
almost impossible, attempts have been made to use the blockchain in financial asset 
transactions of the financial institutions as well as general contracts (referred to as 
“Smart Contract”) such as transfer of ownership, inheritance and succession2. Block-
chain takes the ledger with its transaction details and distributes it into a P2P network, 
making the participants record and manage the details jointly, instead of placing them 
into a central organizational server. This process resolves the high cost of network 
management and increasing hacking issues.

Opportunity
The decentralisation era has provided us with the perfect timing for setting up an as-
set encryption and distribution storage service. This technology enables Digipulse to 
encrypt, split and store information on multiple devices across the world, thus ensur-
ing that we as a service provider don’t have access to the information a user wishes 
to encrypt (a decentralized storage) and the threat of internal risks which come from 
human resources is mitigated enormously.

In addition, we have created a solution that deals with the transfer access send-out in 
an automated way, namely the “Pulse network”, which consists of multiple web based 
integrations that are utilised to pass on the contents stored online by the user. This al-
lows us to create a subscription-based service with an ideal product fit for the existing 
cryptocurrency sphere and the ‘digital era’ in general.

https://www.digipulse.io/


5digipulse.io

Project creation
Digipulse was launched in 2016. The concept was developed by a founding team 
member whose previous ventures provided him with in-depth expertise in the fields 
of fundraising, IT and psychology. The idea, which originated during his prior employ-
ment, was as simple as it was eye-opening: original, non-physical asset owner being 
unable to access their assets could create large financial losses either for their em-
ployer or the individual’s family members.

The idea gained additional spin when the cryptocurrency aspect was added to the ini-
tial idea of storing memorabilia and valuables. Extensive market analysis indicated no 
existing services that fulfilled the needs of the initial team members, so we set out to 
create one ourselves. That service is Digipulse.

https://www.digipulse.io/


6digipulse.io

Industry analysis
General description

To better understand the size of the cryptocurrency market, one can look to the S&P 
500 rating (The Standard & Poor’s 500 - the top 500 largest companies by market capi-
talization listed in American stock exchanges). By comparison, cryptocurrency market 
capitalization would be in 7th place (as of February 21st, 2018)3.

+87+77+72+70+52+50+49

Ap
ple

Go
og

le

Mi
cro

so
ft 

Am
az

on

Fa
ce

bo
ok

Be
rks

hir
e H

ath
aw

ay
Cr

yp
toc

urr
en

cie
s

874.91

773.17
713.92 701.32

515.13 503.02 486.46

Market capitalizaton, USD, billions

And while unbreakable cryptography is an advantageously fundamental part of the 
entire cryptocurrency sphere, it does have a glaring flaw - it’s alarmingly easy to lose, 
destroy or make cryptocurrencies otherwise unattainable. 

https://www.digipulse.io/


7digipulse.io

Demographics and segmentation

Bitcoin, a virtual global currency, has been the topic of much media, internet and poli-
cy discussion. Little is known about the characteristics of Bitcoin users, even though 
thousands of businesses accept them as payment. Transactions with Bitcoin are near 
anonymous due to the cost associated with identifying a user’s electronic signature. 
Although some convenience sampling of Bitcoin enthusiasts exists, no systematic 
data collection has been done.

Since Bitcoin is by far the largest and oldest cryptocurrency, it is safe to assume, that 
the largest proportion of cryptocurrency users are those who own Bitcoin. Because 
of theoretical anonymity achieved due to cryptocurrency encryption, it is very costly 
to identify the user amount of cryptocurrencies and their demographics. But there are 
some data available that allows us to describe the market situation of Bitcoin and their 
user base.

In fact, Bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies may even disappear forever because of 
this. When all 21 million Bitcoins are mined by the [estimated] year 2040, the actu-
al amount available for trade or spending will be significantly lower. According to a 
research study done by digital forensics firm Chainalysis, 3.79 million Bitcoins are 
already lost forever, accounting for 23% of all Bitcoins mined to this day. 

In monetary terms, the amount currently lost in asset value reaches up to about 40.7 
billion USD. But since the market capitalization for Bitcoin (out of all the cryptocur-
rencies) reaches 39.3%, and fundamentally other cryptocurrencies are subject to the 
same risks, the total amount of asset value lost is much higher.

More Bitcoins are expected to be lost in the future, but at an assumedly much lower 
rate due to their increasing (albeit fluctuating) value. This problem not only affects 
cryptocurrency holder families, but the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem as well. It is 
therefore paramount to adapt a sustainable industry-encompassing solution.

https://www.digipulse.io/


8digipulse.io

Since all the transactions that have ever taken place on the blockchain are publicly 
available through blockchain explorers, it is also possible to estimate the number of 
Bitcoin addresses. 

Unfortunately, while transactional information, such as balance, Bitcoin address and 
the value of the amount is in the public domain, as is the number of addresses in-
volved, time of the transaction and volume, the parties involved remain private. Never-
theless, this information allows us to estimate the amount of Bitcoin (see table Bitcoin 
distribution) in circulation.

Bitcoin distribution5

Balance Addresses % Addresses 
(Total)

Coins (BTC) $USD % Coins (To-
tal)

0 - 0.001 13385914 53.98% (100%) 2,250 BTC 23,733,656 USD 0.01% (100%)

0.001 - 0.01 5016253 20.23% (46.02%) 21,085 BTC 222,455,743 
USD

0.13% (99.99%)

0.01 - 0.1 4006926 16.16% (25.79%) 128,841 BTC 1,359,301,448 
USD

0.77% (99.86%)

0.1 - 1 1693874 6.83% (9.64%) 542,740 BTC 5,726,053,352 
USD

3.23% (99.09%)

1 - 10 546768 2.2% (2.81%) 1,444,564 BTC 15,240,533,240 
USD

8.6% (95.86%)

10 - 100 131722 0.53% (0.6%) 4,360,854 BTC 46,008,165,702 
USD

25.96% (87.27%)

100 - 1000 15734 0.06% (0.07%) 3,723,546 BTC 39,284,394,010 
USD

22.16% (61.31%)

1000 - 10000 1534 0.01% (0.01%) 3,369,186 BTC 35,545,802,104 
USD

20.05% (39.15%)

10000 - 100000 108 0% (0%) 2,882,716 BTC 30,413,419,283 
USD

17.16% (19.1%)

100,000 - 
1,000,000

2 0% (0%) 325,514 BTC 3,434,260,001 
USD

1.94% (1.94%)

There are a total of 24,798,835 Bitcoin addresses as of February 21,2018, belonging to 
roughly 0,326 % (24798835 / 7,603,569,330  * 100 = 0,326% ) of the global population. 
Unfortunately, it is difficult to determine the precise number of Bitcoin users, but the 
amount of addresses can provide some approximation.

https://www.digipulse.io/


9digipulse.io

The data also reveals that Bitcoin distribution amongst its users is uneven. Out of all the ad-
dresses, the largest amount of Bitcoin addresses (53.98%) contain less than 0.001 Bitcoin, 
whilst the biggest amount of Bitcoins are in 0.6% of all the addresses, which contain 67.22% 
of all the available Bitcoins.

While it is possible to gather Bitcoin address data, researching the characteristics of the 
audience engaged in the crypto community requires other methods. 

Data gathered from Google analytics that illustrates demographics engaged in cryptocur-
rencies in regards to gender displays a significant predominance of men in relation to wom-
en engaged in cryptocurrencies, with 96.6% for men and 3.4% for women.

Research dedicated to determining cryptocurrency user age groups found the younger gen-
eration to be more engaged in cryptocurrencies compared to other age groups.6,7

96+4
Bitcoin community engagement by gender

Male
96.6%

Female
3.4%

https://www.digipulse.io/


10digipulse.io

Google analytics data on Bitcoin reveals that the demographic most engaged in the 
Bitcoin community is the younger generation, namely the millennials (aged 25 - 34), 
reaching 45.7% of the overall engagement. The second largest group consists of the 
age group 35 - 54, reaching 30.6%. 

According to research results, such data can be supported with the fact that younger 
people tend to be more tech savvy and generally interested in new ways of investment. 
Cryptocurrencies are especially attractive for the younger generation since they are 
more accessible than ‘classical investment’, have a higher entry barrier from other age 
groups (which makes it a ‘limited investment’) and have been created by technological 
advancement.

While banks and other financial institutions have been struggling to find ways of con-
necting with millenials, cryptocurrencies overcame this stigma in a relatively short 
time period. The data also illustrates that even if older generations are familiar with 
cryptocurrencies, they will still most likely not invest in them at all. 
The last reason for such age group disparity can be attributed to historic financial 
events, namely that millennials began generating their income after the 2008 financial 
crisis and many don’t trust the tradicional financial services within the current system. 

1+2+12+31+46+8
Bitcoin community engagement by age

55-64
1.8%

45-54
12.3%

35-44
30.6%

18-24
8.4%

25-34
45.7%

65+
1.2%

https://www.digipulse.io/


11digipulse.io

Market need

The biggest issue with recovering lost cryptocurrencies is not the legal aspects or 
even bureaucracy, but the decentralized and unregulated nature of the assets them-
selves. Currently for someone to access another’s cryptocurrencies, they must be in 
possession of specific identifying information. In addition, a single wallet can contain 
an unlimited number of unique identifiers linked to mined Bitcoins, all of which should 
be known in order to retrieve the entirety of someone’s cryptocurrency portfolio. 

The issue with transferring cryptocurrency ownership once an account is dormant/
inactive, is not entirely unique. In the true spirit of cryptocurrency, there is naturally no 
centralised authority that could be appealed to fix this. If a Bitcoin or any other crypto-
currency owner passes away without sharing their account information, those coins 
are simply abandoned, which in turn, decreases the overall amount of the remaining 
assets. 

One of the potential solutions would be to include a person’s cryptocurrency wallet 
information right alongside their bank accounts and other assets in their will. Unfor-
tunately, if this happens, anyone who can access the will would also be able to empty 
the wallet before a recipient would be able to view it.
Another option is to prepare a handwritten guide on how to access one’s assets, on-
line accounts and cryptocurrencies and hide it in a secure location that only specific 
people know about. But this too has certain vulnerabilities, e.g. someone accessing 
such a storage while the asset owner is still alive or the only other person privy to the 
location meeting an unexpected fate themselves.  

Digipulse solves the aforementioned issues by providing a platform where users can 
encrypt their data and store it in a distributed, decentralised manner. 
Additionally, asset owners don’t need to notify their selected recipient(s) of these as-
sets beforehand, since the “API ping network” takes care of automatic data distribu-
tion in case a user’s activity drops to zero. And because recipients are not informed 
about the existence of any assets beforehand, they cannot access them. Digipulse is 
thus one of the safest solutions currently available. 

https://www.digipulse.io/


12digipulse.io

Service description/ 
Technology
Digipulse service is a decentralised cloud storage with an automated transfer of own-
ership based on activity signals received from connected API integrations. It operates 
as a subscription-based SaaS platform.

As a company, our primary development goal is to ensure that no unencrypted data 
should ever leave a user’s computer and that the digital assets stored online could be 
transferable in case of the original asset holders inactivity. In addition, we are always 
on the lookout for vulnerabilities and ways in which malevolent parties might want to 
take advantage of user data. The encryption part of the service is made possible by 
the encryption key that the users themselves provide, which is always kept only locally 
within the user’s browser.

Recipient access
A recipient can gain access to the contents of a vault only when the vault creator’s 
activity has dramatically decreased for two sequential check-up periods. The recipient 
can obtain vault access by following an invitation email from Digipulse to access the 
contents of the vault. To gain access, the user must answer several security questions 
with the exact same answers as the vault’s creator, who wrote the questions. This will 
in turn generate the same ‘key’ used to encrypt the file contents. A user can thus gain 
access to a vaults contents and download all files present.

https://www.digipulse.io/


13digipulse.io

“Pulse network”
Pulse network is a collection of the user’s online activity through various API integra-
tions on a daily basis. The more integrations are connected to the account, the more 
precise the activity tracking. The activity is tracked through connected 3rd party API 
integrations and outgoing transactions of the user’s cryptocurrency wallet (refer to the 
website to see which cryptocurrencies are supported). The possible sources for re-
corded activities fall into two categories - 3rd party API integrations and the Digipulse 
API. 

Activity from 3rd parties is recorded via scheduled tasks run on a predefined time 
based interval that is tailored for each service provider individually, depending on their 
API specifications. Digipulse API will record activity as often as a connected service 
utilises the API endpoints. Aggregated stats from these integrations allow Digipulse 
to determine the user’s online activity and ‘act’ accordingly in cases when this activity 
stops. The goal is to have a dataset in place precise enough for the user to feel in con-
trol and know that there will be no false-positive data releases.

Connecting with services through their 

APIs

A variety of services people use on a daily basis have the possibility of being integrat-
ed into other products. To name a few - Facebook, Twitter, Gmail, Dropbox, Linkedin 
and others. Integrations even allow using events for tracking user activity in an aggre-
gated manner in one place - Digipulse. This enables the aggregation of all user activity 
in one place, along with an accurate understanding of a user’s online presence, which 
is near impossible not to have in the 21st century. Each time an activity occurs on one 
of these services (opened email, a ‘like’ on some article or post, etc.) it counts as ac-
tivity contributing towards overall activity tracking within the Digipulse service.

https://www.digipulse.io/


14digipulse.io

Digipulse API for full integration 
possibilities

In conjunction with 3rd party API integrations, the service offers its own API. This 
API can be used by services to offer their customers an opportunity to connect their 
service with Digipulse. Once users connect their account to their Digipulse account, 
they can use this connected integration to not only receive activity information, but 
also leave access to this service to the recipient in an ‘easy-to-access’ way. Services 
which provide this integration to their customers will receive information about the 
selected account recipient once Digipulse stops receiving aggregated activity about 
the user’s online activity, so they can speed up the process of passing digital assets on 
by contacting the next recipient themselves. This would allow services to reduce their 
customer churn rate and help them provide ease of mind to their customers, namely 
that their accounts will be delivered to the user’s selected recipient(s).

Encryption

‘Encryption’ is certainly the most commonly used word when describing the Digipulse 
service. Everything is encrypted, starting from the uploaded files, chunks in which the 
files are split on a decentralised storage, emails when stored in the database and, 
of course, the access key for the recipient. AES-256-CBC encryption is being used 
throughout the project. 

Inheritance

Before addressing the technical aspects of the process, it is important to note that the 
Digipulse service is not an alternative to a traditional inheritance model. The user is 
still subject to all inheritance laws in their respective jurisdiction. Inheritance is merely 
one of the use-cases that Digipulse offers and is by no means legally binding between 
the parties involved.

https://www.digipulse.io/


15digipulse.io

The encryption process of the access keys is performed in several steps to prevent 
brute force attacks and increase stored data entropy. The access information encryp-
tion flow is performed by collecting 5 answers (5A) to standard questions, then re-
questing a user to create 2 custom questions (2Q) and provide expected answers to 
these questions (2A) that only they and the vault recipient would know. The encryption 
happens in the following order:

• User provides answers to 5 questions locally;
• User creates 2 custom questions and 2 answers to these questions;
• Using all 7 answers, a ‘key’ is created to encrypt the recipient’s access in-

formation (private key, passphrase);
• Send the encrypted access information to a server where it is encrypted 

with a custom key sequence and stored in the database;
• Use the first 5 answers to encrypt the 2 custom questions and send the 

encrypted data to the server and store it in the database.

To summarise - Digipulse servers receive 2 encrypted sensitive information packages, 
both of which are encrypted with the key which is present only at the creation time in 
the user’s browser and is never sent out from the user’s computer.

File upload and access

All files which leave the user’s computer are encrypted with an encryption key known 
only to the vault’s creator. There is technically no need to share this key with the re-
cipient, since for the simplicity of the transfer procedure, the recipient is required to 
only know the answers to the security questions. A Trezor integration has been added 
for additional security, which allows to access a vault and provide the encryption key 
without the necessity of typing-in the encryption key every time a vault access is being 
performed.

https://www.digipulse.io/


16digipulse.io

https://www.digipulse.io/


17digipulse.io

File Storage

The encrypted files are stored in a decentralised manner across all storage provider 
instances in several copies, thus providing the necessary data redundancy in case 
a particular storage provider goes offline. The storage providers are incentivised by 
receiving Digipulse tokens as a form of payment. In the primary phase, the service 
will operate with limited storage space of 1Gb per vault. Once there is enough storage 
space to allow further service scaling, this number will be increased. 

Each vault can have only one specified recipient. Sending information to two different 
parties will require two separate vault setups. 

Data storage: 
Centralised vs Decentralised

The service is based on the decentralised storage solution provided by Storj. Digipulse 
used the openly available source code to provide its own version of a file storage that 
enabled the set-up of its own decentralised version by utilising the storage space pro-
vided by individuals who in return gain DGPT tokens. When comparing both options, 
the seperate network was chosen in favor of flexibility in terms of improved security 
and custom functionality necessary to provide the Digipulse service.

Although encrypted files are distributed in a decentralised manner, the information 
necessary for the activity tracking, recipient contacts and billing state is kept cen-
tralised due to the limitations of blockchain technology and security considerations. 
To avoid the possibility of brute forcing the secret questions, requests have to be rate 
limited, thus they need to be pipelined through a centralised infrastructure. 

Digipulse as a service might well be adjusted in the future to operate on a fully de-
centralised architecture, but only when the technological solutions on the market will 
allow for this setup, especially regarding the extensive features, which are required by 
the activity tracking without the high risk factor. 
Since Digipulse is a subscription-based service, in the unlikely case of business in-
solvency, all users would be notified. This is therefore not a risk factor. There are two 

https://www.digipulse.io/


18digipulse.io

scenarios that might occur if Digipulse terminates its services:

• If a user is engaged online and is actively using the service, they will get 
informed about the termination of the service and choose a new service to 
secure their digital assets;

• A user’s selected recipient has been already contacted and the contents of 
the vault have been delivered.

Ownership transfer

The ownership transfer process happens as follows: a user’s selected recipient is 
informed through the predefined system channels of communication (email, phone 
number). In case of a non-response the Digipulse team takes care of manual attempts 
of reaching out to the person. If all attempts fail, the vault then remains in the system 
for a period of one year and is deleted afterwards. 

Privacy

None of the Digipulse team members or employees have access to user data stored 
on the servers. The data itself is unreconstructable without the security answers of the 
recipient or the encryption key known only to the vault creator.

Taking this into consideration, the only necessary user information is an email ad-
dress, so that we can contact the vault creator in case the activity drops. Optionally, 
the user can provide their phone number, so that we can also try to contact them via 
phone. There is no need to perform KYC (Know Your Customer) or provide any other 
PII (Personally Identifiable Information) to use the Digipulse service.

For additional security, all information stored on Digipulse servers is encrypted and 
nothing is kept in plain text, so that even if a database breach were to happen, the in-
formation retrieved would be meaningless without the appropriate decryption tactics. 
These rules apply to all PII too - emails, phone numbers and other data. As an addition-
al safety measure, Digipulse is complying with PCI DSS category SAQ-A standards on 
data handling, which is the type of certification used by financial institutions. 

https://www.digipulse.io/


19digipulse.io

Risk factors
Just like for any other service, the main risk factor and primary system weak point is 
the integrity and safety of a client’s computer. Malwares, viruses, keyloggers and any 
other malicious software can serve as the weak point and compromise the security 
of one’s credentials. Digipulse is therefore committed to providing the best possible 
guidelines and user practices towards safeguarding of our user digital identities, with 
the practice execution falling upon the users themselves.

There are currently two vulnerable security aspects. The first is the decryption key 
for unlocking a vault’s contents. To protect oneself, we strongly recommend using 
hardware wallets to handle the encryption/decryption process. This second aspect 
relates to the provided answers and questions for the safekeeping of the encryption 
key. Since the task of creating elaborate security questions and answers falls onto the 
users, we recommend rising up to the challenge by composing questions and answers 
not easily guessed or deducted by using social engineering. 

Recipient verification
One of the methods of avoiding the so-called “phishing” attempts of gaining access to 
one’s vault contents, would be to perform identity verification of the recipient before 
they can answer the remaining 2 questions. The verification process is optional, but 
highly recommended since this reduces the risk of phishing significantly due to the 
video based verification which is the most precise and error prone way of online ID 
verification.

https://www.digipulse.io/


20digipulse.io

Competitor analysis
While it’s obvious that the issue of cryptocurrency inheritance requires a sustainable 
solution, Digipulse is currently one of the few services operating towards cryptocur-
rency-sphere sustainability.

The market already contains several differing services (and approaches) tackling the 
transfer of ownership due to the passing of the original asset holder. Some of them 
include traditional methods, such as deposit boxes, cryptographic key management 
firms and even saving one’s keys in a personal vault, where everything would be stored 
on a ‘paper wallet’ or a hardware file storage device (USB, hardware drive).

In analysing Digipulse product and service competitors, two industries must be taken 
into account:

1. Digital deposit box and vault providers;
2. Digital inheritance providers.

Several companies already operate within the ‘digital safety deposit box’ field, provid-
ing rather similar services. The main differences between these companies lie in their 
respective value propositions, offered services and pricing. The same can be said for 
the ‘digital inheritance’ market players, although these services involve little to no au-
tomation, with a dramatically different price range. 

For the competitor analysis, each company was researched both individually and in 
comparison to other field players (see Service feature comparison).

https://www.digipulse.io/


21digipulse.io

Digital safety deposit box market players:
Futurevault: https://www.futurevault.com/

Versa vault: http://www.versavault.com/

fidsafe : https://www.fidsafe.com/

Dswiss: https://www.dswiss.com/en/

Digital Fortress: https://safedepositboxinsurance.com/digital_fortress/digital-fortress-main/

XAPO: https://xapo.com/vault/ 

SafeKeet: https://safekeet.io/

Digital inheritance (only) market players:
(ICO) Mywish (inheritance only) - https://mywish.io/index.html
(ICO) Safe Haven (inheritance only) - https://safehaven.io/

Third Key Solutions - https://thirdkey.solutions/

Name File De-
posit

Crypto Inheri-
tance

B2B2C 
B2B

Decen-
tralised

Activity 
Tracking

Option 
for Ano-
nymity

Pricing

Futurevault x x x individual

Versa vault x x x
N/A 

(coming 
soon)

Fidsafe x x free
Dswiss x x individual
Digital 

Fortress x x
USD 1.70 

- 12.50

Safekeet x x x
N/A 

(coming 
soon)

XAPO x free

Safe Haven x x
N/A 

(coming 
soon)

Mywish x x x x x USD 16 - 640
Third Key 
soultions x x x

USD 150 
- 1500

Digipulse x x x x x x x
USD 6.99 
(in DGPT) 
USD 9.99

Service feature comparison

https://www.digipulse.io/
 https://www.futurevault.com/
http://www.versavault.com/
https://www.fidsafe.com/
https://www.dswiss.com/en/
https://safedepositboxinsurance.com/digital_fortress/digital-fortress-main/
https://xapo.com/vault/ 
https://safekeet.io/
https://mywish.io/index.html
https://safehaven.io/
 https://thirdkey.solutions/


22digipulse.io

Overall, the ‘digital safety deposit box’ industry, can be described as new and unsat-
urated. Most companies operating within the industry have directed their production 
efforts towards developing specific features, adapting to their customer needs, with 
the majority providing file storage space and secure encryption. And while some of 
the companies offer inheritance solutions for businesses and individuals, only a se-
lect few are focusing on delivering solutions for cryptocurrency owners; most market 
players are operating solely in the field of inheritance.

The aforementioned competitor analysis demonstrates that all market players have 
their own strengths. What sets Digipulse apart from other services, other than its prod-
uct multi-use cases, is the key feature of users being able to use the service complete-
ly anonymously, which no other solution provides. 

Currently, Digipulse might even be considered a first mover within the industry of block-
chain based safety deposit boxes. A successfully executed market entry strategy is 
predicted to ensure that Digipulse conquers a large market portion.

https://www.digipulse.io/


23digipulse.io

Business structure
Digipulse offers a subscription-based service comprised of two categories:

• “Active vault” - a decentralized asset storage (both digital and crypto), which 
enables users to remain anonymous and manage their asset transfer to 
predefined recipients  based on an automated trigger release mechanism;

• “Pulse network” - by utilising third party API’s, a user’s online activity is sup-
plied into the platform triggering the vault release mechanism alongside 
information about the subscribed services.

The company plans to provide Digipulse’s “Pulse network” to every user free of charge. 
Users will only pay a monthly fee for their “active vault” . (“Active vault” pricing is dis-
closed on the website) “The service can either be paid for in Digipulse tokens (DGPT) 
or in fiat currency - the token price will be about 30% lower than that made in fiat. The 
price difference is made in order to stimulate the underlying token mechanics.  

Digipulse will also gradually and continuously expand the “Pulse network” by integrat-
ing existing API’s of services into the network and on-boarding businesses through the 
integration of the Digipulse API into their services.

Token mechanics
An integral part of the business is the underlying token mechanism that is put in place 
to sustain the operations of Digipulse. The incoming user payments will be distributed 
into three categories:

• Storage providers - will receive a “base” rate of 4 DGPT + 12.5% of all in-
coming payments (the distribution will afterwards happen on a pro-rata ba-
sis, depending of the allocated storage space - the minimum shared space 
to be eligible for receiving the reward is X GB).

storage space reward = 4 DGPT + 12.5% * incoming payments

https://www.digipulse.io/


24digipulse.io

• DGPS holders - will receive 37.5% DGPT in Ethereum of all incoming pay-
ments (the distribution will afterwards happen on a pro-rata basis, depend-
ing of the DGPS tokens owned).

DGPS claim = 37.5% * incoming payments

• The Foundation - will receive 50% of all the incoming payments.

Foundation = 50% * incoming payments

Whether payments will be made in tokens or fiat will largely be irrelevant - upon the 
distribution calculation, the payments made in fiat will be converted into DGPT and the 
missing portion of tokens will be covered from the 25% company pool (see: Post-burn 
token overview). The company will manually evaluate the necessity to refill the com-
pany pool by utilising the incoming funds.

The conversion of DGPT to ETH (in the storage provider distribution) will happen auto-
matically by using UpCoin exchange - this will ensure that the tokens are put back on 
the market for users to obtain.

DGPS holders
Digipulse profit sharing will only be available after the legal framework will be set up. 
These precautions are being made in order to protect both investors and their assets.
DGPS token. The token holders who have amassed more than 10’000 DGPT will be el-
igible to transfer their existing tokens to DGPS (ratio of 10,000 DGPT : 1 DGPS). DGPS 
will grant profit sharing from the incoming payments for the service use. DGPS holders 
will collectively be eligible to receive 37.5% from the incoming payments in the form 
of Ethereum tokens, based on real time DGPT/ETH exchange rate (distributed on a 
pro-rata basis).

Once holding a DGPS token, the underlying DGPT tokens are frozen and are unusable. 
During the request for a token swap, a KYC procedure may be conducted in order to 
identify if the user is eligible to participate in the profit sharing process. 

* DGPS - this token will not be traded on exchanges. Its sole purpose is to act as means for the smart 
contract to identify those who are eligible for profit sharing.

https://www.digipulse.io/


25digipulse.io

The Digipulse token
Token technical info:

• Name - Digipulse token
• Token ticker - DGPT
• Token type - Utility token*
• Token standard - ERC20
• Decimals - 18
• Smart contract address: 

https://etherscan.io/address/0xf6cfe53d6febaeea051f400ff5fc14f0cbb-
daca1

Exchanges:
The Digipulse token is traded on the following exchanges:

• Upcoin.com: https://upcoin.com/ 
• Cryptopia: https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Exchange/?market=DGPT_BTC
• EtherDelta: https://etherdelta.com/#DGPT-ETH 

*  For the legal opinion of the Utility token see appendix A.

https://www.digipulse.io/
https://etherscan.io/address/0xf6cfe53d6febaeea051f400ff5fc14f0cbbdaca1
https://etherscan.io/address/0xf6cfe53d6febaeea051f400ff5fc14f0cbbdaca1
https://upcoin.com/ 
https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Exchange/?market=DGPT_BTC
https://etherdelta.com/#DGPT-ETH 


26digipulse.io

The Company
The Digipulse Foundation Trust is the sole owner and executor of the Digipulse proj-
ect. The Trust has attracted highly skilled and motivated IT professionals that are pas-
sionate about developing new blockchain-based applications.

Active project development started in September 2016, with an initial focus on helping 
individuals discover digital assets accumulated by their family members. This vision 
further evolved into having a single space for ‘all things digital’ and utilising the exist-
ing network possibilities to make the transfership process automated. This idea then 
received additional spin when the crypto-based service Coinbase was added to its 
scope. 

December 2016 saw an updated brandbook and a name change, from the more com-
plex Unobliterate to the more memorable Digipulse.  

In 2017 the idea was further presented to investors during a leading Baltic tech event 
TechChill, where the initial investor feedback gave Digipulse founders confidence that 
they were on the right track, developing a solution to a problem that has not been tack-
led yet.

The initial project development was done during the founder spare time, while trying 
to secure funding from the European Fund “Horizon 2020”. 

When Bitcoin saw a huge price spike in May of 2017, the founders came to realise 
that the majority of the technologically savvy population is catching up with crypto-
currencies, thus switching the primary focus to targeting crypto users and leaving the 
project’s memorabilia aspect as the secondary focus.

We truly do believe that blockchain and cryptocurrencies are the future behind decen-
tralised services. Digipulse is created by crypto users, for crypto users. Our ultimate 
mission is to ensure that each individual feels safe about their digital and crypto as-
sets. 

https://www.digipulse.io/


27digipulse.io

Sources
1. Areiel E. “A Case Study for Blockchain in Healthcare”, MIT Media Lab, 2016

2. http://www.symbolsurfing.com/largest-companies-by-market-capitalization, Feb-
ruary 21st, 2018

3. Roberts, J.J., Rapp, N. (2017, November 25) Exclusive: Nearly 4 Million Bitcoins 
Lost Forever, New Study Says. Retrieved from http://fortune.com/2017/11/25/
lost-bitcoins/  

4. Top 100 Richest Bitcoin Addresses. Bitcoin Rich List. Retrieved on February 21, 
2018 from https://bitinfocharts.com/top-100-richest-bitcoin-addresses.html  

5. Little, S. (2017, December 14). Bitcoin latest: Third of millennials will be invested 
in the cryptocurrency in 2018. The Independent. Retrieved from https://www.in-
dependent.co.uk/news/business/news/bitcoin-latest-news-millennials-cryptocur-
rency-investment-2018-london-block-exchange-a8108106.html 

6. Gitlen, J. (2017, October 31). Ethereum, Ripple, and Initial Coin Offering (ICO) Sur-
vey Data & Report. LendEDU. Retrieved from https://lendedu.com/blog/ethere-
um-ripple-ico-survey-data-report/ 

https://www.digipulse.io/


Appendix A



Appendix B


	Disclaimer
	Abstract
	The Problem
	Opportunity
	Project creation
	Industry analysis
	General description
	Demographics and segmentation
	Market need
	Service description/ Technology
	Recipient access
	“Pulse network”
	Connecting with services through their APIs
	Digipulse API for full integration possibilities
	Encryption
	Inheritance
	File upload and access
	File Storage
	Data storage: 
	Centralised vs Decentralised
	Ownership transfer
	Privacy
	Risk factors
	Recipient verification
	Competitor analysis
	Business structure
	Token mechanics
	DGPS holders
	The Digipulse token
	The Company

