














































TakeTwoDivi.indd


TH
E D

IVI PROJECT

w w w.diviprojec
t.o

rg



TABLE OF CONTENTS
DIVI’S CORE INNOVATIVE FEATURES............... Page 1

DIVI’S BASIC STATS .............................................Page 2

WHAT ARE TOKENS USED FOR? .......................Page 3

INTRODUCTION ....................................................Page 3

“SMART WALLET™ ” TECHNOLOGY  ............... Page 4

• Benefits

• New Ways to Transact and Manage Money

ADOPTION AND COMMUNITY  .......................... Page 7

• Early Adopters

• Fund for Merchants

• Sales and Education Team

• Board of Advisors

• Crypto Forums

• Influencers Campaign

• Ambassadors Program

• Education Programs

• Social Media

• Divi Project club services, redeemable only with DIVI
and DIVX tokens

NEXT GENERATION MASTERNODE SYSTEM ..Page 9

TIERED MASTERNODE SYSTEM DETAILS ......Page 11

LOTTERY BLOCKS REWARD SYSTEM.............Page 11

MARKETPLACE ................................................... Page 12

NEXT GENERATION SECURITY ........................ Page 12

OTHER TECHNOLOGY ........................................Page 13

DIVI COIN DETAILED SPECS  ............................ Page 14

• Estimated Genesis block date

DECENTRALIZED GOVERNANCE  .................... Page 14

Divicoins (DIVI) versus Divi Project tokens (DIVX)

TOKEN SALE DETAILS............. ...........................Page 16

INTENDED USE OF FUNDS ................................Page 16

SUMMARY ............................................................ Page 17

TEAM  .................................................................... Page 17

• Business and Management

• Sales,

• Marketing and Promotion

• Adoption and Vision

NUMBERS.............................................................Page 18



1

The Divi Project White Paper 
A next generation cryptocurrency designed for mass adoption, 

using the world’s first Smart Wallet™ connected 

blockchain and tiered masternode system.

The Divi Project has a novel solution to solve the biggest and most lucrative problem in the 
crypto world:  "Mass Adoption" by ordinary people. We seek to bring the power of the 
blockchain to those who now shun it, currently finding it too technical, uninteresting and scary.   
There has never been a bigger financial opportunity in history, and the Divi Project intends to be 
first to market with a viable solution.

Our new blockchain allows us to socialize and humanize financial experiences by hiding the 
"crypto" underneath an easy-to-understand User Interface.  This "Smart Wallet™   " is being 
designed to remove all the "pain points" that currently prevent ordinary people from getting 
excited about cryptocurrencies.

The Divi Project is building a new blockchain that stores names and meta -data along with 
transactions. With these improvements, our UX is far easier and simpler to learn and use than 
other cryptocurrencies, allowing us to bring crypto to billions of average users.

Based on a new type of masternode system with many levels, holders of DIVI coins 
participate in maintaining the network to earn more. We are also creating a market-place 
of goods and services that can be purchased with them.

DIVI’S CORE INNOVATIVE FEATURES
Smart Wallet™   Technology - Our blockchain’s ledger will include additional information that 
allows our wallet to connect and identify the receiver of funds to be sent, displaying a photo or 
logo and other information that adds an additional layer of security and helping to avoid 
sending funds to the wrong place. This addition to the blockchain core also allows for an 
entirely new set of apps revolving around the smart wallet concept.

Adoption and Community - The “holy grail” of crypto is to make one that ordinary people 
want to use. For every crypto geek, there’s a million more sitting on the side-lines. We 
believe that the community support behind a coin is even more important to its value than 
the technology used. We intend to take care of our community of DIVI holders with an 
enthusiasm beyond every other coin. 



2

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

We’re putting together an expert panel and launching a forum of CEOs in 
underrepresented market segments (such as women) to advise us on how to 
make Divi more usable to non-geeks. Nearly every aspect of The Divi Project, 
from our innovative social features to our “lottery blocks” has been designed 
to encourage Divi coin owners to become long-term holders and fanatic 
fans, letting crypto finally reach the masses.

Next Gen Masternode System - We are introducing the world’s fi rst tiered 
masternode system, which encourages people to hoard and buy more DIVI in 
order to increase their earning rate.  

New Ways to Transact and Manage Money - Not just a wallet, but an entire 
system of managing your money, we are creating new ways to handle your 
coins so that they work for you. We’ll have vaulting, a piggy-bank feature, 
multiple “pockets”, ways to automatically split incoming funds between 
partners, a way to separate taxes for merchants, etc.

Usability - The Divi Project aims to make improvements to the blockchain and 
the way we interact with it, so that people enjoy using it and business owners 
can more easily integrate it into their websites and fi nancial structure.

Education - This is the key to adoption. The Divi Project will off er a web based 
learning center for complete beginners to advanced users. We will incorporate 
step-by-step HD video tutorials that will take a complete newbie and progress 
them through diff erent topics and stages. This will be accompanied by an 
active community of other users and designated Divi ambassadors to guide 
newcomers and troubleshoot questions.

DIVI’S BASIC STATS
The Divi Project is a decentralized cryptocurrency market ecosystem that 
uses Proof Of Stake (POS) with a masternode protocol and wallet designed 
for wide adoption.

The Divi Project’s ICO tokens are ERC20 compliant derivatives of the 
Ethereum blockchain, and will be tradable immediately upon purchase, with 
ticker DIVX.

When the Divi blockchain is launched, in early Q2 2018, DIVX holders will be 
able to exchange them for DIVI, on a 1 to 1 ratio, by sending them from their 
Ethereum wallet to an address that we will provide.  An equal number will 
instantly be sent to their Divi wallet in exchange.



3

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

WHAT ARE TOKENS USED FOR?
The DIVX tokens’ primary use is to hold them until we have the Divi blockchain and 
network ready to go live, at which point you’ll be able to exchange them for DIVI.

DIVI tokens will be able to be used for the following things:

• Earning tokens with masternodes: Using the software and resources we 
will provide, you’ll be able to earn more tokens. The masternode software 
you install on your computer becomes a useful part of the overall network 
and performs the important job of maintaining, updating, and securing the 
Divi blockchain.  In addition to your tokens, you’ll be using your computer, 
electricity, and your time. The tokens you earn will be your payment for 
your work and expenses.

• Earn tokens with a staked wallet: If you keep your tokens in the Divi wallet, 
you will earn more of them each week.  The more DIVI you keep in the wallet, 
the more you earn. The wallet also supports the Divi network, helping with fast 
transactions. As with masternodes, this takes your time and resources, and 
the tokens you earn are to pay you for that.

• Spend them in our Market: The Divi Project will set up a proprietary online 
market, and is working to set up other online stores to accept DIVI. At 
these locations, you’ll be able to spend your DIVI tokens for real world 
goods.  

INTRODUCTION
Our intention is to create the world’s best and most useful 

cryptocurrency ecosystem.

We start with three beliefs:  

• Decentralized cryptocurrencies are the future of money and fi nancial
transactions, and will steadily grow to completely replace nationalized
fi at currencies within 20 years.

• Proof Of Stake is the best reward system for achieving distributed
consensus in a blockchain.

• A combination of Masternodes and POS Wallet Staking is the best POS
system, offering the most flexibility in the network and encourage coin
holders to support the coin in various ways.



4

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

This system, pioneered by DASH and further improved by PIVX, has been time 
proven, but the current existing cryptocurrencies are very constrained in what 
they can do. They are still very cumbersome systems, diffi  cult to use for non-
geeks, and thus self limiting in their potential. Because of the very nature of it 
being decentralized, a blockchain and cryptocurrency ecosystem is very 
difficult to change once it’s released. Therefore, The Divi Project will start 
fresh with an upgraded and modernized blockchain, better suited to the future 
than current ones.

SMART WALLET™   TECHNOLOGY
The current state of cryptocurrency wallets is still very primitive and 
not ready for use by masses of people for many reasons. On the usability 
spectrum, on the far end of good UX design is Apple and on the bad end 
is every existing cryptocurrency.  The Divi Project’s blockchain improve-
ments, coupled with its Smart Wallet™    will change that.

Public Key Renaming - One of the biggest barriers of entry to the world of 
cryptocurrencies for average people is the way all wallets function using long 
strings of random characters as a wallet’s “public key.”  Many people describe 
themselves as “terrifi ed” whenever they send a transaction, because just 
one wrong character in the wallet’s address can result in all the money being 
sent to the wrong person, and there’s absolutely no recourse. The Divi Project 
intends to solve this by allowing users to associate each wallet’s public key 
with a unique name of their choice, which can be used by others to send funds 
or connect with them. This can help to eliminate mistakes, as well as making 
the entire money-sending process more approachable to non-geek users.

Example:
“DV-jennifer_lee_123” instead of
“0xc1F9Ca42eBc6611f83d063d74a817aBaFcf1B266”

Benefi ts:
• Now it’s possible to remember your wallet address
• Less errors in sending funds
• Faster and Easier
• More user friendly
• Less intimidating for newbies
• API for new dapps we haven’t thought of yet



5

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

New Search Capabilities:  
User Search - Because wallet addresses can now have names made from 
words instead of random gibberish, and can ha ve user metadata, we can 
make a directory, so our users and look up their friends, or a business to 
fi nd their address.

Location Based Product Search - Who’s selling something and accepts DIVI 
as payment? We’ll be able to give you a list based on your location. We can 
give merchants new ways to sell and market.

A Social Wallet: Contact and Connect - With Divi’s system, a user will be able to 
contact the owner of another wallet (if they have chosen to provide an address for 
this) if their public address is known. That user’s wallet can be set to forward such 
messages to an email address, or they can respond within the wallet’s functions it-
self. We will work on expanding this into a social network allowing wallet holders to 
post, read, etc using their wallet’s ID. While we recognize that many crypto holders 
want complete anonymity, which we will provide, we also know the power of giving 
tools to people to connect with each other, as Facebook so famously proved.

Oraclet System - An oracle is a concept in cryptocurrency that allows smart 
contract blockchains to communicate with the outside world. We’re proposing 
a simple system of personal oracles, called Oraclets, using a bit of code added 
to the blockchain and uniquely connects each wallet address with a “tinyurl”, 
directing to the wallet/user’s metadata such as a name, pho to, video, social 
media links, etc. Of course, the wallet’s owner can choose what information is 
available to the public. We believe that this one improvement to our blockchain 
is a key technology advancement that can open a world of new opportunities 
for Divi as well as new dapps.

Pockets (Multiple Address/Identity Support) - Because our system will allow 
the public to view a wallet’s metadata, the wallet will have various “Pockets”. 
For example, a user may have a public wallet that shows very little, or no cash 
inside, and then “dark send” it to an anonymous pocket.

Benefi ts:
• Choose your own level of privacy for each pocket
• Like having multiple bank accounts
• Suitable for people with multiple businesses
• Save money for various projects
• Separate money for multiple family members
• Set pockets to pay out or request subscriptions or loans



6

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

Instant Exchange - We intend to make our wallet integrate with the user’s 
cryptocurrency exchange accounts such as Poloniex or Bittrex using their API, 
making it easy to change from DIVI to Bitcoin, Ether, etc.

MultiSig Capable - This simply means that a wallet or pocket will need two 
passwords/keys to access it.  It’s also necessary for advanced technologies 
such as debit card authorization.

Divi Debit Card - Using the technology from one of many new debit card 
options for cryptocurrencies, Divi users will be able to directly connect a debit 
card to their Divi wallet to pay for goods and services around the world.

New Ways to Transact and Manage Money:

We want our wallet to be able to work with money the way you do.  After so 
many years you’d think wallets could do more than they do now.  Our new 
system will allow for a multitude of new types of transactions beyond the quick 
send and dark send features that are typical of most cryptos.

Scheduled Payments - Want to send money later, or on a specifi c date so 
you don’t forget? Schedule a payment using our wallet.

Subscription Send - Our wallet will be able to send a preset amount of Divi 
on a regular schedule.  You’ll even be able to create a pocket, fi ll it with Divi, 
and send it out daily, weekly, or monthly to a given address.

Request Money / Billing - Send or schedule messages within the wallet with 
a link so a contact can easily pay you, and e ven pre-decide what pocket you 
want the money deposited into.

Auto Split - When money comes in, you can have it automatically 
re-distributed to other wallets or pockets according to preset percentages.  
Great for business partners.

Taxes - Using the Auto Split feature, you can have the taxes for the prod-
ucts you sell automatically split off  into a separate pocket.

Piggy Bank - Want to save money for something special?  Automatically 
set a small portion of your income into a pocket that even YOU can’t 
access until a future date.



7

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

ADOPTION AND COMMUNITY
Timeline of Cryptocurrency Adoption:

Time Period Basic Description User

2009-2012: 
Genesis

Satoshi and friends give 
birth to Bitcoin

Super Geeks

2013-2014: 
Moving past 

Cryptography
First Altcoins Geeks

2014-2017: 
Blockchain Hype 

& Smart Contracts

Bitcoin in news, lots of 
FUD. Ethereum Launched. 

ICOs start.
Geeks, Tech, Marketers

2017-2018: 
Beginning of Usability

First cryptos launch with 
average users in mind. 
Chicken/Egg Problem.

Tech & Business Commu-
nity

2018-2020: 
Adoption Goes 

Mainstream

Exponential growth of 
cryptocurrency user base 

and coin values. 
Massive FOMO.

Avg users start adopting

2020+ : 
New Blockchain Genesis

Massive disruption and 
opportunities. Blockchain 

tech becomes invisible.
Everyone with a device

The big challenge with cryptocurrencies is that people are investing in them 
but hardly anyone is actually using them for anything practical. People want 
something to buy with cryptos, but online stores don’t want to take the time 
to build out their websites to take cryptos if there are few users. The classic 
“chicken/egg” dilemma.

We believe that growing a community and a social presence is equally or more 
important than the technology itself.  Many of the Divi team members have ex-
tensive experience in the gaming, music and YouTube industry and understand 
the value of building an engaging community and loyal fan base.



8

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

Early Adopters Fund for Merchants
The Divi Project is tackling this challenge by committing at leas t 10% of 
its cash and coins to entice online merchants to accept DIVI as payment, 
educational videos and staff  to show them how it works, and to provide 
them with easily embeddable tools to do so.

We don’t need every store online to accept DIVI, but we do need a critical 
mass of them so that people with DIVI can spend it on something, and the 
store owners themselves can in return spend it again, or use it for staking, 
rather than just converting it to bitcoin or dollars. Our plan to start is to 
get at least one good online vendor in every major category, in the biggest 
markets such as the U.S. and Europe. These retailers will discover a new 
revenue stream with DIVI, stick with us, and we expand from there.

Sales and Education Team
We are putting together a sales team to approach merchants, big and small, 
to educate them about Divi, get their feedback on the types of tools they 
want, and get them into our community so they’re ready to go when we 
have our new blockchain ready. We’ll not just target merchants themselves, 
but B2B companies that make products for them, such as online store and 
shopping cart software.  We can also set up a booth at trade shows that are 
for online merchants.

Board of Advisors
We’re setting up an ad visory board made up of prominent women 
entrepreneurs. Since so few women are interested in cryptos now (as low 
as 4% of enthusiasts are women!) we believe that getting this feedback 
will be invaluable to us when choosing features that have mass appeal.

Crypto Forums
To build our fan base and encourage use, especially among gr oups 
of people who are currently underrepresented in the crypto world, we 
will start various forums to educate people how to use our smart wallet, 
promote the merchants who are selling products, answer questions, 
and help make the experience both fun and profitable for them.

Infl uencers Campaign
The Divi Project is setting up collaborations with infl uencers, celebrities, 
authority fi gures, and experts in various community driven industries to get 
our message to the people.  A side-by-side comparison of our product, as 
compared with others currently out there, will be enough to convince people 
that cryptos can work for them.



9

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

Ambassadors Program
We’ve already started hiring representatives to represent the Divi brand. 
Talking, educating, and bringing more people into our social networks to 
experience Divi for themselves.  Ambassadors will be chosen among various 
industries and receive special benefi ts and insight into our plans.

Education Programs
We will be creating an extensive set of follow-along videos to teach people how 
to use Divi, the masternodes, how to use the smart wallet’s many features, 
and lessons about cryptocurrencies in general, such as how to use Coinbase. 

Social Media
• Youtube Channel - Weekly videos in the form of team Vlogs, tutorials,

interviews, market news, live streams, Divi Project monthly and quarterly
reports.

• Blogs - Weekly written blogs such as Divi Project news, relevant articles,
and developer updates.

• Divi events - Divi music events, conventions, meetups, seminars.
• Other Social media  - Slack, Telegram, Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, etc.

Divi Project club services, redeemable only with DIVI and DIVX tokens
• Loyalty-building exclusive memberships for crypto newbies, developers

and traders.
• Divi Project store - Crypto apparel, shirts, hats, and accessories etc.

NEXT GENERATION MASTERNODE SYSTEM
Masternodes replace miners in our blockchain ecosytem.  They run the 
network and record transactions in the ledger. The current state of 
masternodes is amazing and has come a long way, but there are many 
features and community requests not yet available in current systems. The 
crypto community is aching for a next gen system, and The Divi Project will 
deliver it as follows:

Community and Connection: Current masternode systems do not allow 
participants to connect in any mean ingful human-to-human way, so as to 
build community.  Divi’s Smart Wallet™   technology will allow masternode 
holders to easily connect and communicate with other masternode holders 
(unless they wish to stay anonymou s.) This new type of social network 
gives our cryptocurrency a big advantage over similar coins, because 
masternode holders can more easily organize themselves because they 
know who each other are.



10

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

Tiered Masternode System:  Divi is building the world’s fi rst tiered masternode 
system, off ering better rewards to those who accumulate more coins for their 
nodes. More details are below.

Dynamic IP Address Masternodes: Currently existing masternode systems 
require a Static IP, which is diffi  cult and expensive for average users, especially 
outside of the U.S. We are working on a solution to change this so that more 
people can set up a node on their home computer.

Cost of Entry: In order to acquire a popular masternode such as Dash or PIVX 
the cost is around $25k for PIVX, or $270k for Dash.  Divi’s masternodes will 
start much lower, around $600 at the initial coin price.

“One Click” Masternode Setup: Currently it’s extremely complicated to set up 
a masternode and only computer geeks can do it.  The Divi team is developing 
an easy mas ternode installation setup for all common operating systems as 
well as step-by-step video tutorials. Divi will also create tools to allow our users 
to easily set up a cloud hosted masternode (VPN) for those that need help or 
simply wish to outsource the task.

User Interface: All current masternodes use a very similar boring interface 
that is plain, non-intuitive and lacking in features. Divi’s team includes a 
world-class UX/UI expert and we will design a user-friendly interface mak-
ing the process easy and fun. This is probably the most-requested feature 
across all cryptocurrency masternode communities.

Info and Stats: Another one of the most requested masternode features is 
a user-friendly way to view masternode stats from within the masternode 
and mobile application. We are adding easy- to-view stats such as earnings  
history, current block, coins in circulation, total global mas ternodes, coin 
value in USD/BTC, community proposals, voting % approved, and more. 

Easier Participation in Governance: Currently most masternodes use a 
rudimentary form of voting that requires inputting programming commands. 
We are creating a governance tab where participants can easily view proposals, 
statistics, and vote with a simple click.

Masternode Map: We will create a map, sho wing all the masternodes and 
how they’re connected.  Participants will be able to see basic contact 
details and a pho to/logo of other node holders, if they chose to provide it. 
The goal is connection, participation, and fun, but we realize that many 
people will prefer to keep their anonymity and that will be an option too.



11

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

TIERED MASTERNODE SYSTEM DETAILS
One of the reasons that masternode coins are so popular is that they create a 
community with a shared goal. We believe that we can enhance both eff ects 
by creating a structure with many tiers to our nodes, making it more fun to 
participate and encouraging our stakers to accumulate more coins and hold 
onto them, according to the following levels:

1000 Coins - Level 1: Copper 
3000 Coins - Level 2: Silver +5%
10,000 Coins - Level 3: Gold +10%
30,000 Coins - Level 4: Platinum +15%
100,000 Coins - Level 5: Diamond + 20%

The chance of earning coins at each mas ternode level improves linearly with 
the number of coins.  For example, the Gold Masternode is 10 times more 
likely to earn coins than copper, plus 10% bonus.

We believe that this leveling system will offer the following benefits to Divi’s 
coin:

• Increased stakeholding, which creates scarcity.

• Discourages holding massi ve numbers of masternodes by single entities.

• Makes masternode system more fun, appealing to geeks and gamers who
will always want to get to the next tier.

LOTTERY BLOCKS REWARD SYSTEM
Divi is excited to present a new original feature called “lottery blocks”. The 
lottery blocks concept is a new way to randomly reward participants that are 
using their resources to support the network. The Lottery Blocks system is 
designed to increase participation and security in the Divi network by making 
people want to keep their coins in the ecosystem and off exchanges.

• 1/2 coin designated from every block created (one per minute).
• One big lottery block winner each week, awarding 2520 DIVI.
• Ten smaller winners per week, awarded 252 DIVI.
• To be eligible to win, participants must be actively staking 100 or more

coins, or have a masternode running.
• Eligible to win unlimited times.
• Owning multiple staked wallets or more than one masternode will increase

your odds.



12

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

MARKETPLACE
After “ease of use”, the second biggest problem in cryptocurrencies is that 
there’s nothing to spend them on.  Divi is taking on this challenge by providing 
two ways to spend the tokens:

• P2P Decentralized Marketplace - Within our Smart Wallet™ , DIVI holders 
will be able to list their goods and services for sale in our Peer-to-Peer 
marketplace, and use their DIVI tokens to purchase from others. There 
will be a small fee in DIVI tokens in order to create listings. People will 
be able to look for vendors by product category, by geo location, and by 
searching on a map showing their location.

• Outside Merchants - We will use a sales outreach team and various 
incentives to convince online stores to allow customers to purchase 
using DIVI. We’ll provide website plugins and other technology to 
make this easy for them, and these embeddable buttons will connect 
directly to our smart wallet, making paymen t as easy as can be. 

We’ll be working hard on many fronts to create a thriving DIVI economy, 
including perhaps working with leading young designer s to create exclusive 
products that can only be purchased with DIVI.  The Divi Project’s team
includes people with extensive retail and product design experience.

NEXT GENERATION SECURITY
Divi’s team is very paranoid about digital security and you should be too when 
it comes to cryptocurrencies.  There are myriad ways to get hacked, ripped off , 
extorted, and with digital currencies there’s often no recourse. We are going to 
be researching and implementing every possible new idea regarding security for 
the Divi network, blockchain and wallet. We intend to do our best to stay one 
step ahead of the hackers and scammers. Ideas include:

Password Send: Now you’ll be able to send funds to a friend that require a 
password to unlock it within a preset time period.  Give it to them by phone, 
which will stop Trojans that change the sendto address to their own.

Know Your Receiver: Before you hit the send button, you will now be able to 
see the photo and details of the wallet you’re sending to.  Relax, because 
there will be no more send errors.

Mobile Behavioral Biometrics: At the forefront of new ideas in personal data 
security technology are ideas like “behavioral biometrics” that work by 
tracking each person’s unique movement signature.  Thus, your wallet 
could be automatically locked if stolen. 



13

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

Example: https://www.callsign.com 

Other PW solutions: https://www.welivesecurity.com/2015/02/05/alterna-
tives-passwords

Vaulting: We will be looking into ways that our users will be able lock 
their coins into the blockchain for a given period of time to secure them, 
so that even under duress or extortion, they will not be able to remove 
those coins from the wallet.

Multi-Sig Wallets/Pockets:A user’s funds will be able to be set into a 
pocket that requires more than one signature to unlock, creating an extra 
layer of security.

OTHER TECHNOLOGY
Focus on Usability by non-geeks:  With everything we do, we’re attempting to 
make things easier for average people to use DIVI, bringing cryptocurrency out 
of the geek world and into the real world.

• http://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/news/cyber-life/sd-me-bitcoin-cur-
rency-20170803-story.html

• https://cryptoinsider.com/psychological-obstacles-bitcoin-adoption

• https://www.quora.com/Why-doesnt-Bitcoin-create-enough-confi dence-
so-that-people-can-use-it-How-could-this-be-changed-or-modifi ed

• https://coss.io/news/article/dce1232f-fa27-4952-a000-91db817b6d31

“CLINK” Mobile Transfer - Using the accelerometer and clock on two mobile 
phones should allow us to arrange a transfer of DIVI between two wallets 
simply by Clinking them together.  Another option for phones that have is 
NFC (Near Field Communication)

Tools Library for Merchants and Websites: Even after 8+ years, very few 
businesses accept payment in the form of Bitcoin or other 
cryptocurrencies. We will build tools such as Wordpress and Joomla 
plugins, to make it much easier for people to accept DIVI as paymen t. 
These smart plugins will even be able to shift the DIVI price to continually 
convert to match that of a fiat currency such as US Dollar s, if the 
merchant desires.



14

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

DIVI COIN DETAILED SPECS
Divcoin is influenced by the latest Bitcoin core, Litecoin, Dash and Pivx features. 
The Divi Project will have all the latest masternodes features and more:

Estimated Genesis block date, Early Q2, 2018
Starting coin circulation:  Up to 60-80 million

• Low transaction Fees

• Instant send

• Private send

• PoS - Proof of Stake with Masternodes
Reward system payout

• Staking (45%*)

• Masternodes (45%*)

• Treasury (8%)

• Charities (2%)
Required coins to stake for a masternode = 1000 to 100,000 in 5 levels
60 second blocks (10,080 per week)

• 12 ½ coins minted per block fi rst 2 years

• 10 ½ coins for 2 years

• 8 ½ coins for 2 years

• 6 ½ coins after that

Note: 1/2 coin every block goes to the weekly lottery block fund.

* We are using a “See-Saw Algorithm” like PIVX has to balance the payout 
between Stakers and Masternodes.  These percentages will shift if coin 
holders tend to favor one over the other.  This ensures that there’s a balance 
between the two types of network participants.

There are some changes and improvements, and other new technologies that 
we are keeping our eye on as we approach the launch date. We intend to roll 
out great new features on a regular basis, which we believe will help constantly 
keep our community excited, loyal, growing, and participating in the Divi eco-
system.

DECENTRALIZED GOVERNANCE
The Divi Project is a transparent decentralized community driven project. Built 
into the core app is a governance system that allows all participants to view 
community news, submit proposals, vote on community proposals and view the 
voting status of a current proposal. 



15

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

Features:

• Masternodes will be eligible to vote.  Votes will be determined directly in
proportion to the amount staked.

• The world's first Democratic blockchain.  Because of our one-click
masternode install, anyone can participate.  Past systems were
technocracies because masternodes were so difficult to install.

• Easy click voting through a user-friendly UX.

• Variable-based blockchain.  Key blockchain stats such as block time, reward
amounts, distribution of funds, will be controlled by the voting system,
allowing voters to change the blockchain without recoding, avoiding forking,
and making the system able to handle whatever the future throws at it.

• Self Funding: 8% of all block rewards are reserved in the treasury to fund
further development & marketing.

• Charities: 2% of all block rewards will go towards non-profi ts & charities.

• Community votes determine how and where funds are allocated. Initially, the
founding partners will each choose a charity of their choice to fund.

Divicoins (DIVI) versus Divi Project tokens (DIVX)
DIVX: Divi Project tokens - These are ERC20 standard tokens issued on the 
Ethereum blockchain. We project that there will be around 60-80 million 
tokens created through a smart contract  during the token sale, but this 
depends on when people buy. Divi Project tokens will be automatically 
issued to participants through a smart c ontract and become tradable as 
soon as the token sale reaches the cap or the end date, whichever comes 
first. Only DIVX will be available during the presale, token sale, and prior to 
the launch of the Divi Project blockchain.

DIVI - Divi’s coins will be created and available when the Divi blockchain 
launches. DIVI is the native currency to the Divi Project blockchain, and will 
be required to set up masternodes and qualify for Lottery Block jackpots.

Redeeming Divicoins - DIVI will become available after  the Divi Project 
blockchain launch,  scheduled for early Q2, 2018. There will be a 60 day 
redemption period where Divi Project token participants can stake their 
DIVX tokens to receive a 1 to 1 ratio of DIVI. Redeeming DIVI is free, and 
DIVX tokens will be burned as part of the process.



16

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

TOKEN SALE DETAILS
The Divi Project will sell ERC20 compliant tokens on the Ethereum blockchain 
via a smart contract. 

• Up to 60-80 million DIVX tokens will be created during the sale.

• Additional tokens, based on 20% of the total sold, will be created 
and held by The Divi Project treasury.  10% will be for influencers, 
team members, brand ambassadors, mass adoption projects and 
incentives.

• Vesting Period:  The other 10% (for founders) will vest over 2 years.

• Minimum:  5000 Ether - If for some reason we don’t reach this 
minimum target, we will return all tokens to the participants.

• Maximum Cap: 100,000 Ether - If the sale reaches the cap, the sale 
will close. 

Token Sale (Starting Approximately October 27, 2017)*

Phase 1 (Block 4438800 : ~Oct 27 , 2017)
1 Ether = 500 DIVX + 30% bonus = 650 DIVX = 0.0015384 Ether per DIVX 
= $0.46** at US$300/Ether

Phase 2 (Block 4496400 : ~Nov 5, 2017)
1 Ether = 500 DIVX + 15% bonus = 575 DIVX = 0.0017391 Ether per DIVX
= $0.52** at US$300/Ether

Final Phase (Block 4554000 : ~Nov 14-23, 2017 )
1 Ether = 500 DIVX
= 0.002 Ether per DIVX
= $0.60** at US$300/Ether

*These dates are approximates because they are based upon the Ethereum
blockchain's block rate.  As of this writing, it's 15 seconds per block.

AIRDROP!  We will do an ongoing post-ICO of free tokens!  Details at: 
www.tinyurl.com/airdropdivi  

Be sure to sign up on our email list to be advised of changes.

You can also check the current approximate dates of the Token Sale 
phases at this URL:  http://divi.abax.io/blocktime

**This value depends on what you pay for Ether.  If you pay less than 
$300/ETH it will be less expensive for you, and vice-versa.



17

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

Full Stack Developer, Programmer
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicksaponaro

Tripp / Phil Eggen

Senior Programmer
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/phil-165ba1108

INTENDED USE OF FUNDS
• 35% Front End - Wallet, Dapps, Plug-Ins

• 15% Blockchain Development

• 35% Community, Adoption, Education Projects, Marketing

• 10% Operation and Services

• 3% Cyber Security, Bounties, etc

• 2% Legal

SUMMARY
The Divi Project is not just a decentralized protocol. The Divi Project is also a 
learning center, crypto-club, community, and ecosystem. This is the crypto 
coin and community we wanted but couldn’t fi nd, so we decided to build it 
ourselves. 

TEAM

Business and Management 
Geoff McCabe

Leadership, New Technology Visionary, SEO, Marketing, Sustainability 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/geoffmccabe

Tim Sanders

Former Chief Solutions Offi  cer, Yahoo Inc
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sanderssays

Michael Greenwood

UIX Expert, Security, AI, ex-Microsoft Team Leader
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/profi nder /pro/michaelgreenwood

Technical Development
Nick Saponaro



18

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

Sales, Marketing and Promotion
Kalani Mo’e

Creative Marketing Director, Music Engineer, Performer
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kalani-moe-7657844b

Yasmin Tobón
Spanish Language Presentation. Journalist, TV Producer, Model.
http://www.pasiondetres.com

Anonymous YouTube Pro

Advising the Divi Project, we have a professional YouTuber and internet mar-
keting expert who is currently also on the team of another crypto project. 
For personal reasons he’s staying in stealth mode for now. 

Adoption and Vision
Ramez Naam

Author, Speaker, Futurist, ex-Microsoft Program Mananager
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rameznaam

Heidi Krupp

Publicist, Messaging, Mass Adoption Strategy
http://kruppkommunications.com/heidi-krupp 

Zafar Mohammed

Blockchain Developer
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/zafar-m-354273ab/

Anonymous Dev #1

Divi has someone onboard to join our team after the crowdsale. He’s an 
expert in knowing how to implement our “name+metadata” problem, which 
is technically, the most diffi  cult challenge that Divi has to solve to make 
our Smart Wallet™   function.  Stealth Guy has a de v job already and can’t 
put his name on anything until we’re ready to pay him after the crowdsale.

Toni Lane Casserly

Co-Founder, CoinTelegraph.com.  Faculty at Singularity University. 
Speaker, writer, Advisor for over a dozen other cryptocurrency projects.
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tonilanec



19

THE DIVI PROJECT - www.diviproject.org

Masternodes:  How much will I earn?

Example:

POS / Staking System - How much will I earn from Staking?

This is going to depend on how many people are staking in our o ffi cial wallet so 
they can be part of the Divi Network. Like PIVX, we will have a “See-Saw 
Algorithm” so the staking balances with the masternodes to insure a distribution 
between the Masternodes and Wallet Nodes that best supports the network.
(https://steemitimages.com/0x0/http://i.imgur.com/GSBW9IE.png)

DIVI owners who have their coins stored in other types of wallets won’t be part 
of the staking network, which means they lose out on both staking bonuses 
and lottery blocks. 

NUMBERS
Blocks Created Per Year: 525,600 
DIVI Created Per Year:

2018-2019: 
2020-2021: 

6,570,000 per year
5,518,800 per year

2022-2023: 4,467,600 per year
3,416,400 per year2024+: 

Treasury Gains at approximate starting value of US$1.00 per DIVI

If 2000 Masternodes
If 45% awarded to Masternodes
If Divi Price $1.00

5040 awards per week, 12 coins per award (years 1-2), 45% to Nodes 
Average Payout: ~$13.60/wk = $707.62/yr
Gain = 70.7% if paid $1 or 141.4% if paid $0.50

Not including Lottery Block winnings

2018-2019: 
2020-2021: 

$105,120 per month
$87,600 per month

2022-2023: $70,080 per month
2024+: $52,560 per month

Treasury Funds Created by Governance System, assuming 1 DIVI=US$2.00




