













































1

v 1.10

 October 25,  2017

Alexander «ZeroGravity»
Kokhanovskyy

Vlad Panchenko



2

Abstract

DMarket is a global marketplace solution that turns every virtual item into a real 

commodity. This paper discusses how we combine blockchain technologies and 

seven years of industry experience to open this multi-billion dollar market to 

the existing world economy. All that time people spend playing games on their 

mobile, PC, console or any other platform could finally be worth something. 

Essentially, DMarket is a new ecosystem where gamers, developers, and 

entrepreneurs can efficiently and securely evaluate and trade virtual items. 

Thus, DMarket creates a new economy that joins with existing real-equity 

markets. 

Early-access to the present paper was given to a number of individuals from 

the gaming industry and blockchain community. The authors deeply thank 

and acknowledge the comments and criticisms that have made the design of 

DMarket and this whitepaper as good as they are. Any faults that remain are, 

of course, the authors’.



3

Table of contents

Introduction

Market & Industry 
Video Games & VR 

Digital e-Commerce & Gaming Market Analysis 

Cryptocurrency Market

 
Product Details 

Problem Definition 

The Solution 

For Gamers 

Items Unique Signature & History 

Influence on Market Development 

For Developers and Publishers 

Increased Revenue

Bounty program for the game developers and publishers 

Use-case 

DMarket business opportunities

Modders, Designers & Contributors 

Technologies
The DMarket System

DMarket Coin

DMarket Token as in-game item

Product monetization & DMarket Coin economy

Summary
DMarket: Outlook
Our Team 
Advisory Board
Sources 



4

Introduction 
In real life, whether you are a lawyer, a crypto trader, a game developer or a 

miner, you spend time, experience, and even luck working to achieve something. 

This always results in a new experience and/or real assets. And since it is yours, 

you can sell, gift it or just throw any asset away. 

Around 2.3 billion people play games on different platforms and devices, 
creating a gaming industry that in 2016 reached $100 billion and continues to 
boom. Only 4,000 pro gamers make a profit from the time and skill they spend 
gaming, including the trading of in-game items they accumulate. Just a couple 

of games accumulating only 6% of the global audience made a turnover of $4 

billion of in-game items. The rest of gamers are out of the market. 

The existing technologies cannot connect the many game universes and 

platforms together. As a result, players are stuck with their useless items, 

despite their time and effort. The growth of the gaming audience and the rise 

of the VR and AR markets has compounded this situation. 

Our team knows exactly what gamers want. Twelve months ago, we started 
trading virtual items in just a couple of games, and since then we have traded 
12 million virtual items. We know what the market needs and have already 
developed a unique platform that enables us to satisfy that need. 

We are now developing a marketplace based on blockchain and smart contracts 

that enable the one-click sale, exchange or evaluation of every virtual item 

between all games on any platform. The DMarket token will be the only currency 

on the platform, providing different options that affect every trade, exchange, 

fee and smart contract. By the end of this whitepaper, you will see how we 

are building a new online economy with the DMarket token. 2.3 billion gamers 
will finally be able to enter a global virtual item market. Using our API, every 
game developer will easily connect their game to DMarket and gain from the 

increased value, revenue and time spent in their games. 



5

Market & Industry 
Video Games & VR

There are approximately 2.3 billion gamers across the globe who are expected 

to generate revenue of $109 billion in 20171. This shows a $7.8 billion (7.8%) 

growth compared to 2016. Digital game revenue will account for about $95 

billion (87%) of the global market. 

Users

The most profitable segment is mobile, showing $46.1 billion (19%) and claiming 

42% of the market. 

According to the VR/AR Report Q3 20172, provided by Digi-Capital, the virtual 

reality and augmented reality (VR & AR) market is expected to reach up to $122 

billion by 2021. Also, Digi-capital claims that the size of the gaming market is 

going to reach $200 billion over the next five years. Many companies, such as 

Microsoft Corp., Nintendo Co. Ltd, and Sony Corp., are launching their own VR-

compatible console, and this competition accelerates the industry as a whole.

1 https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach-108-9-billion-in-2017-

withmobile-taking-42/  
2  https://www.digi-capital.com/news/2017/01/after-mixed-year-mobile-ar-to-drive-108-billion-vrar-market-
by-2021/#.WjPz0FT1V-U 



6

Digital e-Commerce & Gaming Market Analysis

In this section, we review the biggest players in the global in-game items 

trading market. 

The Steam platform was released on September 12, 2003. Over the past 4 years, 
it has gained enormous popularity among the gaming community, reaching 

$3.5 billion revenue in 20163. This platform was the first to allow trading of in-
game items, but all the profit received from trading is held inside the platform, 

without the possibility of cashing the money out. Moreover, the possibility to 

trade in-game items is very limited and presented in just a few games (CS:GO, 

DOTA2, TF2, PUBG, H1Z1). 

Steam Pros: 

• Steam has become the largest marketplace for video games and mods 

commercialization;

• It had $3.5 billion revenue in 2016. Steam’s rate of acquisition and catalog 

offering have shown rapid growth. Up to this day, almost 370 million paid 

games have been activated; 

• Steam also offers many services for players, modders and game developers, 

like object trading, beta/alpha release, game presale, objects listing, payment 

processing and credit card verification. 

Steam Cons: 

• Steam technology and servers are centralized, and have complete control 

over the availability of any single product or item in their catalog, which leads 

to security (account) fraud; 

• Most of the games on Steam don’t have any functionality for in-game item 

trading. Only three games have a significant influence on overall turnover of 

in-game items (CS:GO, Dota2, TF2); 

• Steam users don’t have any real influence on platform development; 

• Steam doesn’t allow users to cash out virtual platform currency; 

• Steam has high fees for trading in-game items (up to 12%); 

• Steam technology does not support multi-platform and multi-engine trading.

3  https://www.statista.com/statistics/547025/steam-game-sales-revenue/ 



7

Here are some figures that show average daily Steam user numbers and the 
overall number of games connected to Steam: 

• Number of daily active users4: 12 853 536 (as of 2017-07-15); 

• Number of games5: +- 14 398 (as of 2017-07-15). 

Opskins is an in-game items trading marketplace that was launched in 
December 2014. The service implements the Steam API to enable the trading 

of in-game items. Currently, Opskins is the biggest skins trading platform on 

the planet with ten million unique users monthly. 

Opskins pros: 

• Q1-Q2 2017 turnover conducted around $250 million; 

• One of the biggest communities for skins trading (over 10 million users 

monthly6); 

• Real money cashout. 

Opskins cons: 

• Doesn’t have official support from Steam (lots of account fraud); 

• High fees for transaction and cashout (up to 10%); 

• Supports only a few Steam games; 

• Due to the use of the Steam API, is highly dependent on Steam.

Cryptocurrency Market

For the first time, cryptocurrencies hold a market cap larger than $100 billion7. 

Bitcoin (BTC) owns the biggest share, with slightly over $46.6 billion (47.9% of 

all cryptocurrencies8). But the recent wave of other coins, like Ethereum ether 

(ETH), has helped bring the total cap over the top. 

4  http://store.steampowered.com/stats/ 
5  https://steamspy.com/year/ 

6  https://www.similarweb.com/website/opskins.com#overview 
7  http://www.marketwatch.com/story/with-bitcoin-surge-cryptocurrencies-top-100-billion-in-   
 marketcapitalization-2017-06-06    

8  https://howmuch.net/articles/worlds-money-in-perspective 



8

Bitcoin peaked to its all-time high (ATH) recently in both price and market cap. 



9

Product details
Problem Definition

Every minute spent in-game leaves gamers with virtual goods. This could be 

new armor, a fancy car or just a pile of crystals. Unfortunately, there is no easy 

way (or no way at all) to trade these virtual assets among the billions of gamers 

around the world. 

Game universes are not connected to each other, which means there is no 

safe and easy way to trade between them, and no reliable way to approve 

these trades. It was not technologically possible to build a bridge between the 

dozens of game engines, independent and global game developers, and the 

mobile and console worlds. 

More than 70% of the 15 million games we sold in the last 5 years is 2 or more 
years old. There are currently thousands of games, where people can potentially 
trade and exchange digital items. But this is impossible, due to the inability of 

game developers to provide local trading markets for each game. 

Billions of gamers possess rare items, fancy items, memorabilia items. All in 

high demand, but technologically limited to trade. 

The Solution

This market void and our many years of experience have inspired DMarket, the 

first decentralized, global marketplace for trading any digital items. To fill in the 

gap, we have to offer a scalable, cross-platform solution that enables gamers 

to trade any virtual item from any game. 

We are creating a new economic segment. Any kind of collaboration between 

gamers and game developers on our platform will be regulated by market 

demand. Therefore, gamers have their own interest in collecting rare items, and 

game developers are interested in creating and maintaining unique, relevant 



10

and tradable gaming content.

Users (players as well as developers) will be able to leverage their own 

achievements and time spent. DMarket will also be an easy place to start 

showing off to other players. This adds a completely new dimension to game 

virtual assets: the notion of virtual capital.

For Gamers 

We want to provide an opportunity for every gamer (DMarket user) in the world 

to be able to evaluate their time, skills and luck. Gamers will be able to perform 

easy, one-click buy/sell, exchange, and evaluation of every possible game 

asset, item, skin, or another game object. To make this possible, each DMarket 

user will be provided with an account on a full-time basis. The account will 

preserve all data in our decentralized database and interact with users utilizing 

smart contracts.

HOW DMARKET WORKS



11

Value for gamers:

• in-game item trading;

• opportunity to create in-game content and participate in its turnover on   

DMarket;

• security accreditation for every transaction within DMarket;

• opportunity to get a unique collectible in-game item;

• opportunity to switch between games without losing gained arsenal of in-

game items.

Items Unique Signature & History

Blockchain technology and unique identification turn every item on DMarket 

into an exclusive product with its own history, providing each item with 

additional and even collectible value. Thus, achievements of previous holders 

could influence the price and value of an item over time.

 

Let’s imagine, for example, a collection of unique items used by cybersports 

champions who took part in world tournaments in 2010-2017. Those items 

couldn’t be bought from the game developer, but they could be bought from 

DMarket members who had them. Thus, for one player, it could be important to 

collect items from a tournament series, while for others it will be their exciting 

mission to collect all kinds of armor used by their favorite Esports players.

Influence on Market Development
 
Buying power will provide users with a real impact on the development of 

game assets, items, and mods. The cross-platform and cross-game items 

exchange will open new opportunities to discover and play games while 

levering each user’s virtual gaming capital.

For Developers and Publishers 

Early access to the present paper was given to a number of developers from 

the gaming industry. Most of them showed intense interest in integrating the 



12

DMarket API into their games. Moreover, they have helped us compose case 

studies and monetization methods for different platforms (PC, consoles, mobile, 

VR-compatible platforms), and expand our knowledge of in-game economics.

 

We offer a unique solution for game developers. DMarket’s API is a ready-to-

use solution for giving value to any digital item—whether it is armor, sword, 

gems, or other items—as well as item monetization. First, libraries will cover 

the most popular engines, such as Unreal, Cry Engine, and Unity 3D. That will 

open DMarket to integration with most games on the market. Then, we will add 

custom engine support. Also, we are working on a mobile game solution for iOS 

and Android.

 

We have a roadmap for games with different business models (pay-to-play, 

free-to-play, and pay-to-win) with a different number of players (console single 

and multiplayer games) for all types of platforms (PC, consoles, mobile games). 

After studying all these monetization types, we have a win-win solution for 

every market.

  

Value for game developers:
• marketing intensification and general audience increase. Special events, 

promos, and general advertising will expand the audience of games 

presented on DMarket;

• revenue increase. Publishers will receive most of the fees from every 

exchange of their intellectual property: in-game items;

• LTV increase. Lifetime value will dramatically increase as gamers are 

expected to spend  in the game hunting for items. Gamers will be able not 

only to have fun, but also to get additional revenue while playing;

•  DMarket gives an opportunity to gamers and game fans to test themselves 

as content developers and create unique in-game assets for any game stored 

on DMarket. The best items, approved by publishers will be integrated into the 

game. This will enrich the gaming world with new and unique in-game assets, as 

well as bring additional revenue to both gamers and publishers. Smart contracts 

and blockchain technology will guarantee the transparency of all transactions 

and automatically distribute profits within agreed terms to all parties.



13

Increased Revenue

DMarket will provide developers and decision makers with a platform on which 

games can leverage additional years of existence. Combined with a strong in-

game economy system and interesting new features, even single games (not 

part of a franchise and without multiplayer features) could expect to see a 

constant income increase.

 

Developers of virtual items presented on DMarket will gain most of the fees 

from every trade commission (up to 80% of every transaction on DMarket). 

This solution aims to generate new ways of game monetization and increase 

lifetime value.

 

The evolution of blockchain technology and smart contracts has enabled us to 

exclude fraud to the maximum possible extent, whether it’s database hacking 

or account hacking. It is the key criterion in our decision to create DMarket.

 

In addition, the expansion of the tradable market will connect an ever-increasing 

number of potential customers and open a whole new world of marketing.

Bounty program for the game developers and publishers

We offer a special bounty program for developers and publishers.

Use-case

Single player and multiplayer PC and console games could generate revenue for 
developers from the trade of hard-to-get, rare, and collectible items. Skins for 
in-game items could fulfill the human drive to be different and avoid changing 
the balance of an existing game.
 
Mobile games with pay-to-win or pay-to-play models could benefit from skin 
turnover. Developers will be provided with the option of adding durability to 
every item officially sold in the game, as well as opening a trade market for used 
items. That will increase the turnover of new virtual assets and add revenue 
from every used item sale without cannibalizing main sales.
 
Additional sources of income are memorabilia items for winning championships, 



14

collaboration with designers, or previously owned by game stats. Information 
about each item’s owner and history will be secured on the blockchain. This 
will create an additional demand for these items from rare asset collectors or 
celebrity gamers.
 
We will provide detailed case studies for every platform, along with technical 
data, in a standalone document.

DMarket business opportunities 

The API developed by DMarket provides multiple opportunities for 

entrepreneurs. In-game items could be integrated into popular online stores, 

used as payments for goods and services. 

Potentially DMarket will enable in-game items to become real assets. That’s 

what we strive for. 

Modders, Designers & Contributors

The market for modders will open any game to developers, designers, modders, 
and content creators. The well-balanced percentage and use of smart contracts 
will provide the ecosystem with the opportunity to win presale and beta/alpha 
production cycles, increasing the community while building a user base and 
setting up an individual economic network.
 
The DMarket network will help gamers to estimate the value of their virtual 

capital and help game developers to increase their revenues.



15

Technologies
We are developing DMarket as a very high-load system. The market potential 

consists of billions of users, each of whom has thousands of digital items. 

After passing the milestone of 10 million users, the second phase of product 

development will focus on our own blockchain solution. 

The current version of the DMarket network blockchain, implemented using 

Rust and C ++, has the following characteristics:

• High-speed response. It can process up to 3,000 transactions per second, 

which will enable the platform to ensure a proper transaction processing 

speed.

• Elasticity. The developed blockchain ensures smooth operation (even if 

up to one-third of the nodes in the blockchain network are disabled or 

compromised).

• Improved security. Due to the fact that our system is written in Rust, a 

systems programming language designed without segmentation faults 

to guarantee thread safety, the blockchain ensures improved security of 

all processes occurring on the platform.

Our development team uses Exonum blockchain framework. At this stage, this 

framework is the optimal solution for unleashing DMarket`s potential, which 

allows you to create an efficiently functioning blockchain product with all the 

necessary characteristics listed above in a short period.

The DMarket System

The DMarket system is divided into two independent parts.

The first is a decentralized blockchain database - a completely independent 

distributed information storage system for all transactions that take place in 

the game and/or on the trading platforms.

DMarket`s blockchain uses smart contract technology, which will ensure 

transparency and security of the transaction for all participants.



16

The capability of smart contracts involves the management of required 

conditions, digital items, and internal cryptocurrency, acting as an independent 

intermediary. The payment and transfer of digital items are processed through 

a smart contract based on all of its terms.

Smart contracts provide a much higher level of security than ordinary 

contractual right. In addition, the technology allows for reducing transaction 

costs. DMarket implements the following functions through smart contracts:

• control of in-game items` presence (based on HASH) and their available 

quantity;

• control of users` solvency to purchase a particular item;

• other parameters that will be preset by the user or system.

A smart contract is activated after a successful purchase function initiation and 

is responsible for making mutual cost clearings. A smart contract verifies the 

user’s solvency, as well as the right to own items and the size of the commission.

The second part of the DMarket system:

This is an independent trading platform that is capable of processing hundreds 

of thousands of operations per second and interacting with blockchain. This 

layer is developed using the GoLang, PostgreSQL. In order to deliver high 

performance, DMarket developers have chosen a micro-service architecture 

with the RestFull API. Clusters, built on Kubernetes, ensure the stable operation 

of micro-services.

The DMarket system also uses an independent multimedia storage service. 

This service interacts with both the blockchain and the trading platform, 

functioning as a high-speed storage of media resources. Thanks to this service 

architecture, even its complete disconnection will not affect data continuity 

and safety.

Additional modules

The DMarket team is developing a huge number of additional modules that 

will be implemented in the marketplace - in particular, the development of 

statistics management modules using AI, which in turn will use BigData 

analysis modules. This will provide an opportunity to monitor the dynamics 

of growing amounts of data in the system, obtain detailed analytical data on 



17

the transmission chains of virtual items, and monitor the demand for certain 

virtual items on the network.

Architecturally, all modules are built independently of each other, which 

increases the stability of the entire system. The crash of one module will not 

cause the failure of the entire system.

All components of the platform interact with each other with the help of 

RestFull API, specially designed to provide data exchange between the internal 

and external modules of the system.

Integration of DMarket`s API

To manage in-game items, game developers will receive all the necessary tools 

in the form of API documentation, DLL-libraries or ready-made solutions that 

will be developed for popular game engines.

That greatly simplifies DMarket`s integration into games.

   

At the moment, we are already developing services that will help to make the 

adaptation process of games written in Unity 3D, CryEngine or Unreal Engine 

as quick and understandable as possible, and also allow you to design and 

flexibly adjust the economy of in-game items.

Also, the DMarket API will provide a number of additional features. In-game 

items can be integrated into popular online stores and used as payment for 

goods or services.

How does the system work from the perspective of the end user?

Here is how the DMarket platform shall operate upon its complete launch. The 

user needs to create an account on DMarket. Automatically, the system creates 

a wallet on the basis of the already existing cryptocurrency: DMarket Tokens.

Once the user has access to his account, he can immediately start working with 

the wallet, adding the needed amount of DMarket Tokens or in-game items 

presented on the marketplace. 

To conduct trading operations, the system automatically synchronizes the 



18

in-game items of the user with his personal account on the blockchain and 

marketplace. Synchronization is carried out with the help of an API using the 

user`s credentials for authorization.

    

To implement this synchronization and the overall interaction of the game with 

the trading platform, game developers will be provided with an API that will 

contain the following basic groups of methods: 

• Methods for registering a developer in the system, while the system registers 

a new balance account for the developer; 

• Methods for generating HASH values for each game item (HASH will be used 

as a unique value, to account for virtual items.); 

• Methods for transferring HASH values within the network between players 

and sellers; 

• Methods allowing the identification of the state of each game item; 

• Methods that track certain parameters of certain virtual objects.

     

Since smart contracts allow you to implement complex chains of interaction 

between all market users, you need a tool that simplifies the usage of a smart 

contract by end users. For this, we intend to create a special design with a user-

friendly interface that will allow you to easily set basic parameters for contract 

implementation.

DMarket Coin 

DMarket Coin – is the only virtual currency that operates on DMarket. All 

transactions with digital goods (including fees) are made in DMarket Coin only.

 

All contributors receive an ERC-20 exchangeable DMarket Token on the 

Ethereum network. After the launch of the main DMarket network, this will be 

exchanged 1-to-1 with a native DMarket Coin.

The issue of DMarket Tokens will be held once only. 

 

DMarket Coin functionality within the platform:

• As a virtual currency for buying or selling in-game items;

• Delivering sales commission to the owners of the rights on digital property;



19

• Buying premium accounts for wholesale and individual sellers;

• Purchasing BigData analytics.

 

DMarket Token as in-game item

PLEASE NOTE: CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS REFERRED TO IN THIS SECTION 

OF WHITE PAPER ARE CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS ON A LAUNCHED 

BLOCKCHAIN THAT ADOPTS DMarket.IO SOFTWARE. THEY ARE NOT THE 

ERC-20-COMPATIBLE TOKENS BEING DISTRIBUTED ON THE ETHEREUM 

BLOCKCHAIN IN CONNECTION WITH THE DMarket TOKEN DISTRIBUTION.

 

A blockchain connection will be established between each DMarket Token (in-

game item) and a DMarket Coin. Each game element will be represented in the 

wallet in the form of a DMarket Token.

 

Each item will be marked as the property of the company or the person who 

created it, identified in the DMarket blockchain by its own unique ID. This will 

make it possible to track the item within the system with specific features or 

any other additional properties, which are defined in a smart contract. Virtual 

items (DMarket Tokens) will only be released by their developers and copyright 

holders.

Types of digital goods:

• Game virtual currency;

• Games/goods/services;

• Game items and consumables;

• Skins and designs;

• Mods, cards, and additions;

• Music and SFX.

DMarket Tokens (in-game items) are created through the use of the API’s 
endpoint and a token factory. The API itself can be imported into the libraries 
of the most popular engines; this simplifies the connection of the asset creators 
(developers and publishers) with DMarket.



20

The creators of virtual items will be able to:

• Add and delete virtual goods;

• Set the basic prices for goods;

• Add different features to their goods (e.g. a virtual item can be labeled as 

premium, common or used);

• Allow collective creation of goods;

• Ban certain users from conducting transactions with the goods.

A Token is a unique property of the digital goods of a particular user, which is 

stored on the blockchain. The ownership of goods and property will be secured 

by the system on the marketplace outside of the game world.

A Token (virtual good) is subject to alienation, meaning that it can be bought 

or sold or given from one owner to another. The system will also have its own 

evaluation methods that can be requested in one click (or API request) with 

minimal fees.

Each transaction held in the DMarket has the main fee of 5% of the total 

amount of the transaction. Most of the fee will be sent to the developers and 

copyright holders whose items are involved in the transaction (publishers and 

developers). The remaining element of the fee will be due to the DMarket.

Product monetization & DMarket Coin economy

One of the key priorities is DMarket monetization, which is beneficial for all 

participants.

 

Monetization is achieved via a transaction fee on each change of item ownership 

on the DMarket. It will not be more than 5%, and the rightsholder of in-game 

assets will receive most of this commission.

 

Both transactions and commission charging are carried out in DMarket Coin 

using smart contract technology.

DMarket offers a number of additional features. The game assets represented 

on DMarket can be integrated into popular online stores and used as payment 

for goods or services.



21

Summary 
2.3 billion gamers are currently facing technology limitations to their right to 

trade in-game items. With time and effort, they earn virtual assets that are rare, 

fancy, and sometimes simply wanted by other players. By creating DMarket, 

a blockchain-based marketplace, we can connect all games and platforms 

together. With the built-in token and smart contracts technologies, DMarket 

will enable users to make a one-click sale, exchange every virtual item among 

all games on any platform, as well as evaluate their assets. DMarket makes 

virtual items real.

By offering gamers an opportunity to buy and sell in-game assets to all gamers 

globally, DMarket creates a new in-game item economy worth more than $450 

billion and turns virtual items into real assets with the help of blockchain 

technology. 

Using our API, every game developer will easily connect its game to DMarket. 

That will increase lifetime value, revenue, and time spent in the games. Users 

will enter the global economy with virtual items.

Furthermore, DMarket’s API provides a number of business opportunities for 

other entrepreneurs. Items stored on DMarket blockchain can be integrated 

into popular online shops, and then used as a payment method.

              

Game developers are very welcome to discuss API implementation and DMarket 

economics in their current and future projects. We invite every qualified and 

interested blockchain and crypto developer to open discussion about network 

creation.

                                                         

Be a part of the new world economy worth more than $450 billion.

Join DMarket today!



22

DMarket: Outlook 
In 2016, the gaming industry’s revenue reached $100 billion and is still booming. 

It is expected that by 2020 this figure will reach 128 billion dollars. The estimated 

in-game trading turnover is $4 billion. And this volume is generated only by 150 

million people. DMarket unlocks in-game item trading for more than 2.3 billion 

people – that’s the number of people who play games every day on different 

platforms and devices. The market will exceed $450 billion. 

We believe that by 2020 the market for game content will reach such a level 

that virtual items will be sold on a par with real goods on top-of-the-line online 

platforms. Аnd well-known designers will cooperate not only with sports or car 

brands, but they will start to create capsule collections for GTA or World of 

Warcraft.   

We believe that virtual items will extend beyond the game worlds and become 

an integral part of real life. It is expected, banks will accept in-game content 

as collateral, or issue loans for the purchase of a rare or collectible virtual item. 

Insurance companies will easily insure a unique virtual sniper rifle that helped 

to win the world championship. Jurists and lawyers will advocate and litigate 

the owners’ rights to virtual items just as any other property – a car or a house.                



23

Our team

Vlad  Panchenko

Founder & CEO

Alexander «ZeroGravity» Kokhanovskyy

Co-founder

• #1 private merchant of digital games in the world (15M 
games sold over the past 5 years via Ebay, G2A, Kinguin)

• Founder of skins.cash — 2nd biggest virtual items 
marketplace (12M items sold over the past year)

• Founder and CEO of SunTechSoft

• $50M total annual revenue 

• 17 years of experience in the e-Sports industry

• Founder of Na`Vi (Natus Vincere) - 2nd most popular and 
one the most successful e-Sports teams

• In 2016 became shareholder of ESforce Holdings - 3rd 
biggest e-Sports entity funded by USM Group (Mail.ru, VK 
.com, Megafon) with more than $100M of investments in 
last round

Andriy Khavryuchenko

Blockchain architect

• Senior Developer of DASH cryptocurrency (world top 8, 
market cap $1.4B) 

• 4 years of crypto developing 

• 26 years in software development



24

Oleg Panasenko

Alexander Matsenko 

Illia Syniakin

Dmitriy Vityuk

Sergey Gudyma

Andrey Zolotarenko

Julia Laznyuk

Viktoriya Kim

Anton Kryvnov

Iryna Loza

Andrii Nasinnyk

Roman Zhuravel

Andrey Bobryshev

Sergii Cherniavskyi

Roman Semak

Oleksandr Buchek

Anastasia Barabash

Mike Kovetsky

Dmitriy Didyk

Denys Galyuk

Svetlana Mankut

Aleksandr Kryvoruchko

Kostiantyn Kryvasov

Vladimir Buksha

Ivan Antipov

Pavel Slobodianiuk

Project Manager

Development Tech Lead

Development Tech Lead

Development Tech Lead

QA Tech Lead

Product Manager

PR Advisor

Chief of Media/Content department

Chief Marketing Officer

HR Business Partner

Anton Tribulkevich

Vladislav Mysiur

Rustam Yengalichev

Vitalii Boiko

Bohdan Polishchuk

Nikolay Batashov

Roman Karbushev

Bohdan Kiryanov

Iryna Huziienko

Alexander Samarin

Vyacheslav Voronkin

Eugene Dzidziguri

IT back-end

IT front-end

IT QA

IT DevOps

System administration

Product



25

Victoria Leshchenko

Roman Zagoruiko

Maksym Osnach

Oleh Harbar

Vladyslav Shvets

Eugenia Ostapenko

Dmitry Karachan

Vladislav Nazarkin

Hanna Synetska

Roman Pinskiy  

Andriy Nikitiuk

Vsevolod Kornieiev

Vladislav Shevchenko

Yuriy Samusenko

Vladimir Olekhnovich

Elena Zabolotnaya

Roman Pilipenko

Alexandra Lutsenko

Alexander Mamzurenko

Ulyana Bogdan

Iryna Zadnipryana

Tamara Slanova

Olena Myronyk

Valeriya Bediya

Dmitry Serbin

Anastasiya Drazhnik

Sergey Danyliuk

Eugene Bozhenko

Vik Bogdanov

Artem Tarasenko

Dmitry Kravchenko

Ivan Fesenko

Vitaly Chekalenko

Mikhail Tychyna

Eugene Koziy

Nikita Sergeev

Artem Porozhnyak

Anastasia Zobova

Olga Tymoshyna

Design

Marketing, Sales

PR, SMM, Content

SEO

Support

HR

Financial



26

Advisory board

Dr. Moe Levin

CEO of Keynote, a global technology conference 
company which has been responsible for over 
$250MM of investments into cryptocurrency 
and blockchain startups. Co-Founded the first 
accredited Blockchain Academy

Brian Kerr

Managing Director at GL Ventures, Founder 
& CEO Fnatic Gear

Oren Klaff

Managing Director at Intersection Capital 
($2 billion in aggregate trade volume across 
a diversified portfolio of companies and 
transactions), Author of «Pitch Anything» 
Bestseller

«There is a tremendous amount of locked-up value 
in the world of eSports. Value that has been created 
via hard work and skill, but is locked due to a lack of 
infrastructure, efficiency, and capabilities. DMarket 
streamlines the process by creating an interoperable 
marketplace which is game and platform agnostic. With 
a marketplace such as this, users are able to unlock and 
recover their billions of dollars worth of hard work and 
open up even greater possibilities.» 

«DMarket is a game changer for the game industry!  The 
Steam marketplace is huge, but this will be on another 
level unifying mobile, console, and PC gaming industries 
while empowering gamers to monetize their time and 
skill.»

«The DMarket team knows more about cryptocurrency 
and smart transactions than the next five companies 
combined. They impressed me with the idea of 
combining all known gaming worlds into the one 
society, giving players the tools to buy & sell directly 
with each other. This is the next generation of 
commerce and DMarket is leading it.»



27

Evgeniy Grygorovych

Project Leader at GSC Game World 
(S.T.A.L.K.E.R., Cossacks game series)

«This is an incredible breakthrough for the whole gaming 
world. The DMarket team creates a valuable product, 
connecting game developers and the gamers into separate 

gaming cluster of the global economy»

Oleg Yavorsky

PR & Marketing Director at
Vostok Games
«We seem to be seriously going into virtual worlds, virtual 
items and their related economies. DMarket promises to 
become a strong foundation in such  creation of the worlds, 
as far as gaming is concerned. And it’s great to be a part of 
that process!»

Igor Matsanyuk

Chairman at Game Insight, Senior ex-Vice 
President at Mail.ru, Founder at IMI.VC, 
Founder at Farminers

«It seems that this future is already happening: the 
virtual goods get real value, while the virtual economics 
are setting the rules for the real markets. The DMarket’s 
initiative to organize and optimize the in-game assets 
ecosystem will set new standards of quality and comfort 
for users. It is yet another opportunity for our society of 
consumption to reassess its values.»



28

Denis Dovgopoliy

Founder at GrowthUP, investor, 
advisory

Igor Karev

CEO at Tatem Games

«This is one of the most interesting, blockchain related 
projects in 2017. Great because industry leaders are working 
on it, which should bring an incredible success!»

«There is a huge market for mobile game developers. Many 
new and interesting opportunities exist where their time 
will be compensated handsomely with the opening of 
DMarket. We support the DMarket team in building this 

project»



29

Sources
https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach-108-9-

billion-in-2017-with-mobile-taking-42/ 

http://www.digi-capital.com/reports/#augmented-virtual-reality 

https://www.statista.com/statistics/547025/steam-game-sales-revenue/ 

https://www.polygon.com/2016/1/4/10710184/report-paid-steam-games-

marketestimated-at-over-3-5-billion-in-2015 

http://store.steampowered.com/stats/ 

https://steamspy.com/year/ 

https://www.similarweb.com/website/opskins.com#overview 

https://howmuch.net/articles/worlds-money-in-perspective 

https://www.superdataresearch.com/market-data/market-brief-year-in-review/ 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decentralised_system 

https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf 

https://blockgeeks.com/guides/smart-contracts/ 

http://www.blockchaintechnologies.com/blockchain-smart-contracts 

https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=6088-UDXM-7214 

https://blockchainhub.net/blockchain-oracles/


	Introduction

