













































1 Executive Summary 

2 Mission Statement

3 Market Potential

4 Solution

5 Blockchain-based Smart Contract

6	 Benefits	for	Different	Participants

7	 DML	Token	Usage	and	Mechanism

8 Governance

9	 Future	Upgrade	&	Interoperability

10 Protocol Evolvements

11	 DML	Team

12	 Disclosure

	 References

Chapter

Note

 Table of Contents



1 Executive Summary



Section 1: Executive Summary  |  www.decentralizedml.com4

1. Executive Summary

In the era of rapid development in artificial 
intelligence and machine learning, data quality 
and relevancy are essential to generate usable 
applications of high quality and accuracy for 
machine learning.

As compared to publicly-accessible data, 
privately-held data are more relevant and 
timely for machine learning. These private 
data are usually untapped and inaccessible as 
they are stored in individual electronic devices 
such as smartphones, tablets and computers. 
Leading technology firms try to access these 
private data when individuals are unaware of 
or by providing free service to them in return. 
Nevertheless, these leading technology firms 
can only obtain a portion of the private data, 
which are subset of the massive untapped 
private data owned by all individuals.

Decentralized Machine Learning (DML) 
protocol is designed to expand the reach 
to untapped private data and unleash their 
potential to facilitate machine learning 
development while providing economic 
incentives and protecting data privacy. 
Machine learning algorithm will be run on 
the devices without extracting the data from 
the devices, which will be kept within the 
devices. Only the machine learning result 
will be aggregated with outcomes generated 
from other devices to form an unbiased, 
comprehensive and accurate crowdsourced 
analytics and predictions. Through DML 
protocol, both the private data and processing 
power for machine learning are decentralized 
as algorithms are run directly on individual 
devices by utilizing their idle processing power.



Section 1: Executive Summary  |  www.decentralizedml.com5

The quality of the algorithms is as critical 
as data quality to generate good usable 
applications and conduct accurate predictions 
through machine learning. With the belief 
in collective intelligence, a machine learning 
developer community will be built by means 
of establishing a marketplace for talented 
developers to list their algorithms for sale. Any 
parties, who want to apply usable applications 
and conduct predictions through machine 
learning, can locate or request suitable 
algorithms from the marketplace. Innovation 
from the periphery  are encouraged and 
enormous potential in machine learning 
are unleashed through decentralizing the 
algorithm development.

To facilitate participations in DML protocol, 
economic incentives and a reliable environment 
are needed. With the aid of blockchain smart 
contract, a distributed trustless system is 
created that connects participants of the DML 
protocol directly without the need to trust a 
centralized third party. It ensures participants, 
who successfully contribute their effort such 
as allowing algorithms to be run on individual 
data, building machine learning algorithms by 
developers etc., to be rewarded in DML tokens.

DML protocol is a scalable decentralized 
infrastructure that aims to connect potentially 
billions of devices and tens of thousands of 
developers to facilitate machine learning 
development while providing decentralized 
ownership of data and artificial intelligence. 
Many possibilities will be unlocked through 
crowdsourced untapped data and collective 
intelligence. We expect and support 
innovation from the periphery to promote 
unconventional, ground-breaking and diverse 
innovations from all over the globe. Such 
decentralized machine learning protocol 
is too powerful to be controlled by a few 
persons, monopoly or oligopoly, hence it 
should be owned collectively and allow mass 
participation through decentralization. The 
whole decentralized DML ecosystem will 
keep evolving. The ecosystem allows every 
participant to equally and fairly contribute 
equally and fairly to the machine learning 
development for a better humanity. 



Mission Statement2



7 Section 2: Mission Statement

Our goal is to create a blockchain-based decentralized machine learning protocol 
and ecosystem through:

1. utilizing untapped private data for machine learning while protecting data 
privacy, 

2. connecting and leveraging idle processing power of individual devices for 
machine learning, 

3. encouraging involvement from the periphery by creating a developer 
community and algorithm marketplace that promotes innovation to build 
machine learning algorithms that match practical utilities, 

4. improving and correcting existing machine learning algorithms and models 
through crowdsourced fine-tuning model trainers, 

5. creating a new DML utility token and leveraging on blockchain smart contract 
technology to provide a trustless and middle-man free platform that connects 
potential contributors in machine learning from all aspects.

2. Mission Statement



Market Potential

Application of Big Data for Machine Learning

Huge Market Potential in Existing Data

Unlock Massive Market Potential of Untapped Private Data

Utilize Decentralized and Idle Processing Power

Unleash Creativity to Build ML Algorithms and Models with 
Practical Utility

3
3.1

3.1.1

3.1.2

3.2

3.3



Section 3: Market Potential  |  www.decentralizedml.com9

3. Market Potential

3.1.1 Huge Market Potential in
Existing Data

3.1 /
Application of Big Data for 
Machine Learning

The internet and availability of big data set are 
key elements that lead to the recent tremendous 
development in machine learning. In the past 
decades, leading technology firms such as 
Google, IBM, Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft 
etc. have already invested heavily in machine 
learning research and development.  With the 
increased interest and investment in machine 
learning, established technology firms, start-
ups and research companies continue to 
develop and enhance the applications. This 
creates the need to acquire more data and 
algorithms for machine learning. 
According to the research conducted by 
International Data Corporation (IDC), it is 
expected that the revenue for big data analytics 
will grow from US$130 billion in 2016 to over 
$210 billion in 20201. IBM also sees the huge 
potential in machine learning markets and 
predicts a market worth of US$2 trillion over 
the next decade.2

3.1.2 Unlock Massive Market 
Potential of Untapped Private Data

Given the existing available data that each 
company has collected separately, the market 
potential in machine learning and big data 
analytics are already predicted to be enormous. 
However, these existing available datasets are 
just tip of the iceberg. If the untapped private 
data, like the bottom of the iceberg, is being 
tapped and applied to machine learning, its 
market potential and revenue generated can be 
even greater than the current market forecasts. 
Therefore, we see massive market potential and 
significant advancement in machine learning 
for our decentralized machine learning 
protocol.

1 Big Data and Business Analytics Revenues Forecast to Reach $150.8 Billion This Year, Led by Banking 
and Manufacturing Investments, According to IDC, International Data Corporation [Website], March 2017, 
https://www.idc.com/getdoc.jsp?containerId=prUS42371417

2 Through Machine Learning, IBM Braintrust Sees Better Days Ahead, Fortune [Website], February 2016, 
http://fortune.com/2016/02/25/ibm-sees-better-days-ahead/



Section 3: Market Potential  |  www.decentralizedml.com10

3.2/
Utilize Decentralized and Idle 
Processing Power

Nowadays, machine learning is often 
conducted through a centralized computer 
cluster with  limited processing power . If 
additional processing power can be utilized 
to run more machine learning algorithms, the 
market potential is tremendous. 

Currently, there are approximately 2.3 billion 
smartphones and 2 billion personal computers 
that are not fully utilized. This implies that 
there is a total of 4.3 billion of electronic 
devices with underutilized processing capacity 
for machine learning. If DML protocol can 
connect the idle processing power of these 
devices and build a decentralized magnificent 
processor for machine learning, the extra 
market revenue predicted to be generated can 
be tremendous.



Section 3: Market Potential  |  www.decentralizedml.com11

3.3/
Unleash Creativity to Build ML 
Algorithms and Models with 
Practical Utility

Large corporations are increasingly applying 
machine learning in their business According 
to Harvard Business Review, global companies 
are applying machine learning in anticipating 
customer preference, improving media 
purchase etc..3 Furthermore, the review also 
states that there can be immediate benefits 
on revenue generation and cost saving. Giant 
corporations like Amazon and Microsoft see 
fraud, bad debts and costs are reduced while 
enjoying significant increase in revenue and 
operational efficiency.4

Often only the large corporations can afford 
investing huge initial capital and resources to 
build in-house machine learning algorithms 
or acquire tailor-made ones from consultancy 
firms and apply in their own businesses.  
Therefore, machine learning applications are 
often only found in some large international 
corporations rather than local or medium 
sizes companies.

3 Harvard Business Review,
https://hbr.org/2017/04/how-companies-are-already-using-ai

4 Ibid

We see huge potential growth if more 
companies can apply machine learning 
algorithms and models in their businesses 
provided that the initial cost required to acquire 
machine learning algorithms and models or 
engage outsourced programmers to build 
tailor-made algorithms and models becomes 
more affordable. We foresee mass adoption 
in machine learning in the commercial world 
when the associated cost is lower and when the 
prediction made by machine learning is more 
accurate. 

Our DML protocol is the solution.



Apply Decentralized Algorithm & Data for ML Prediction

Deploy Machine Learning Algorithm for Practical Prediction

Customers Acquire Algorithms from Marketplace

Use of Smart Contracts to ensure Governance among Users

Decentralized Architecture via Decentralized Node Deployment

Distribute Algorithm to Eligible Devices

Distributing Node to Identify Devices for Algorithm Distributions

Auction Mechanism to Prioritize Machine Learning Sequence

Run Algorithms on Eligible Data Owners’ Devices

Run Algorithms directly on Devices without Data Extraction

Deploy Algorithms on Individuals’ Authorized Dataset

Share Encrypted Prediction Results without Data Extraction

4.1

4.1.1

4.1.1.1

4.1.1.2

4.1.1.3

4.1.2

4.1.2.1

4.1.2.3

4.1.3

4.1.3.1

4.1.3.2

4.1.4

4 Solutions



Federated Nodes to Aggregate Prediction Results

Average Prediction Results by Federated Learning

Validate Prediction Result Quality against Requirement

Report Node to Produce Final Report & Store in IPFS

Prediction Report Retrieval and Smart Contract Execution

Improve Existing ML Algorithm via Crowd Informed Fine-tuning

Distribute to Voluntary Trainers for Algorithms Improvement

Adaptive Test Approach: Common data as Control Group

Federated Node to Aggregate Weighted Fine-tuning Update

Algorithm Refining Node to form Fine-Tuned Algorithm

4.1.5

4.1.5.1

4.1.5.2

4.1.6

4.1.7

4.2

4.2.1

4.2.2

4.2.3

4.2.4



Section 4: Solutions  |  www.decentralizedml.com14

We aim to create a decentralized machine learning protocol and ecosystem, where customers, such 
corporate customers, research institutions, government and non-government organizations or 
even individuals, who wish to run analytical predictions can acquire appropriate algorithms from 
crowdsourced developers through the DML marketplace. With the aid of DML protocol, the machine 
learning algorithms can be run on the untapped private data and leverage the idle processing power 
of individual devices resulting in more precise predictions. Furthermore, the developers can improve 
their algorithm and its predictability by the crowdsourced model trainers in the DML protocol.

4. Solutions

4.1 /
Apply Decentralized Algorithm & 
Data for ML Prediction

Customers, who wish to conduct analytical 
predictions through machine learning, can 
either choose to develop their in-house 
machine learning algorithms or acquire readily 
available ones, which will be built by freelance 
developers and listed in the DML marketplace.

Algorithms are categorized according to 
different types of businesses or themes within 
the marketplace where customers can acquire 
the appropriate ones that fit their purpose best.  
Afterwards, the customers need to specify 
their needs and criteria such as target segments 
in terms of geographic and demographic 
information. By narrowing the scope, this 
enables the machine learning algorithms 
to be run on appropriate dataset resulting a 
more accurate prediction that matches the 
customers’ requirement.

4.1.1 / 
Deploy Machine Learning 
Algorithm for Practical Prediction

4.1.1.1 Customers Acquire 
Algorithms from Marketplace5

5 Refer to Diagram 1 Part 1a



Section 4: Solutions  |  www.decentralizedml.com15

The criteria input, scope of services provided 
by each participant and rewards in terms of 
an utility token i.e. DML token will be written 
in the blockchain-based smart contracts. The 
smart contracts will be digitally signed to 
eliminate default risk and connected among the 
customers, developers, and the decentralized 
nodes that are connected to DML protocol.

4.1.1.2 Use of Smart Contracts to 
ensure Governance among Users6

4.1.1.3 Decentralized 
Architecture via Decentralized 
Node Deployment

Instead of connecting the customers and 
developers directly to all potential data 
owners’ devices, DML protocol adopts 
a decentralized approach to connect the 
developers to various decentralized nodes with 
different functionalities. Subsequently, each 
decentralized node will connect to multiple 
individual data owners’ devices. Therefore, a 
massive number of potential data owners can 
be connected at a faster speed with more stable 
connection by utlizing the processing power 
and network bandwidth of the decentralized 
nodes.

4.1.2 / 
Distribute Algorithm to Eligible 
Devices

4.1.2.1 Distributing Node to Identify 
Devices for Algorithm Distributions7

Based on the machine learning requirements 
stated in the smart contracts, distributing 
nodes will identify appropriate data owners, 
who have granted access to their data on 
their electronic devices. The data will match 
the criteria and defined scope of running 
the selected machine learning algorithms. 
These distributing nodes will distribute the 
algorithms, which will be homomorphically 
encrypted, to appropriate data owners’ devices 
as identified.

For instance, if the machine learning algorithm 
is required to be run on photos stored in the 
photo albums, the distributing nodes will 
identify the devices with data owners’ consents 
obtained to allow algorithms to be run on their 
photo album before distributing the encrypted 
algorithm to these appropriate devices.

6 Refer to Diagram 1 Part 2

7 Refer to Diagram 1 Part 3



Section 4: Solutions  |  www.decentralizedml.com16

4.1.2.2 Auction Mechanism to 
Prioritize Machine Learning 
Sequence

The amount of token required to engage the 
protocol is purely driven by the market. It 
may depend on the scope and how busy the 
protocol is. DML protocol will analyze the 
current protocol capacity and suggest to 
customers the amount of DML tokens required 
for processing at that particular moment. 
The algorithm distribution and deployment 
sequence will be prioritized according to the 
amount of incentives as paid  in  DML tokens.

4.1.3 /
Run Algorithms on Eligible Data 
Owners’ Devices8

4.1.3.1 Run Algorithms directly on 
Devices without Data Extraction

With the aid of homomorphic encryption, 
the encrypted algorithms received from the 
distributing nodes can be directly run on 
the data within the devices.  Therefore, the 
intellectual property right of the algorithms is 
being well-protected through encryption.

Unlike traditional data analytics, which private 
data are transferred from the data owners to the 
developers or a centralized hub for processing, 
DML protocol will facilitate machine learning 
algorithms to be run directly on data owners’ 
devices such as smartphones without the 
need to extract any personal data or to store 
the information elsewhere for processing.  As 
a result, individual private data will be well 
protected without any raw data leakage from 
individual devices.

8 Refer to Diagram 1 Part 4



Section 4: Solutions  |  www.decentralizedml.com17

After the machine learning algorithms are 
run directly on the authorized dataset within 
the devices, only the analytical conclusion in 
the form of local prediction results will be 
encrypted and transmitted to a federated node 
via a secured network. All individual raw data 
will be retained in the data owners’ devices 
without sharing to the nodes. Therefore, 
concerns over data privacy are resolved as data 
owners can stay anonymous and their private 
data will not be obtained by any third parties 
including developers or customers.

4.1.4 Share Encrypted Prediction 
Results without Data Extraction

4.1.3.2 Deploy Algorithms on 
Individuals’ Authorized Dataset

With the DML Application, data owners can 
authorize specific types of datasets, such as 
photos in the album or text messages etc., 
for machine learning algorithms to be run. 
Only with the consent of the data owners, the 
algorithms can be run on certain authorized 
types of data in the devices. Since the algorithms 
are run directly in the device, the data will be 
kept within the devices without transferring to 
any third parties or being stored in the cloud 
server.

Furthermore, non-public data located in 
other applications such as social media 
and messenger can be used to run machine 
learning algorithm too  with the aid of API and 
users’ authorization. Therefore, DML protocol 
is not only a gateway to connect private data 
stored inside the device for machine learning, 
but also a mean to access massive amount of 
non-public data stored within the existing 
networks.

4.1.5 /
Federated Nodes to Aggregate 
Prediction Results9

4.1.5.1 Average Prediction Results 
by Federated Learning

Each individual device will transfer its local 
encrypted prediction results to the connected 
federated node.  The federated node will 
aggregate the prediction result with results 
generated from other connected devices to 
formulate a comprehensive prediction via 
averaging by Federated Learning.

9 Refer to Diagram 1 Part 5



Section 4: Solutions  |  www.decentralizedml.com18

4.1.6 Report Node to Produce 
Final Report & Store in IPFS10

After various federated nodes aggregate and 
average the local encrypted prediction results 
of respective connected individual devices, 
they will send the encrypted aggregated 
results to the Report Node. The report node 
will further average the encrypted results as 
processed by individual federated nodes, of 
which an encrypted final report will then 
be generated and stored in a distributed file 
system such as IPFS.

If the total number of devices that contribute to 
the final results are less than a certain amount, 
the result will not be shared to avoid inaccurate 
predictions due to small sample sizes and 
data privacy protection by eliminating the 
possibility of reverse-engineering.

4.1.7 Prediction Report Retrieval 
and Smart Contract Execution

Once the report node shares and stores the 
final report in IPFS, the customers can retrieve 
by decrypting the report. At the same time, 
the report node will automatically update the 
smart contract once it stores the final report 
in IPFS.

The smart contract will be automatically 
executed by rewarding DML tokens to 
different participants in performing their 
roles according to the criteria and terms 
as established in the smart contract.  The 
contributing participants include developers, 
data owners and decentralized nodes such as 
distributing nodes, federated nodes and report 
node.

10 Refer to Diagram 1 Part 6 & 7

4.1.5.2 Validate Prediction Result 
Quality against Requirement

The federated nodes do not only act as a hub 
to collect and average the prediction results, 
but they also help to validate the quality of the 
results against the original requirements. If 
the results do not match the defined scope and 
criteria as set earlier, the node will instruct the 
connected devices to re-run the algorithms.



Diagram 1: Comprehensive flow chart of DML Protocol and Marketplace

19



Section 4: Solutions  |  www.decentralizedml.com20

4.2 /
Improve Existing ML Algorithm via 
Crowd Informed Fine-tuning

To improve the machine learning algorithms, it 
usually requires intensive manual resources to 
fine-tune the algorithms and provide accurate 
responses to train the algorithms. Apart from 
unleashing the untapped private data for 
machine learning and building a community 
of talents to develop algorithms, DML protocol 
also facilitates to identify idle resources to 
fine-tune and improve the machine learning 
algorithms with the aid of a vast community of 
participating model trainers.

Through crowd knowledge and dataset, the 
algorithms can be fine-tuned, trained and 
improved by correcting the labels of the dataset 
in the algorithms.

4.2.1 Distribute to Model Trainers 
for Algorithms Improvement

When customers want to improve the 
selected algorithms before running them 
on appropriate data, the distributing nodes 
will identify participating model trainers, 
who previously indicated their willingness to 
support fine-tuning and correcting machine 
learning models, and send the models to 
these  model trainers for improvement before 
running the algorithms on those appropriate 
data. Besides, DML protocol also facilitates 
developers, who simply want to enhance their 
algorithms, to distribute the algorithms to the  
participating trainers for fine-tuning without 
the need to compulsory list their algorithms 
for customers to use.

As device owners, they can opt to allow 
algorithms to be run on their authorized data 
to generate predictions, volunteer to improve 
the algorithms through fine-tuning and 
training, or both in return of DML tokens.



Section 4: Solutions  |  www.decentralizedml.com21

4.2.2 Adaptive Test Approach: 
Common data as Control Group

Once the algorithms are distributed to the 
devices of participating model trainers for 
fine-tuning and correction, an adaptive dataset 
with a mixture of common and private data 
will be used to test the participating trainers’ 
response through questioning and testing in 
randomly generated sequence.

The results derived from common dataset will 
act as a control results, which will be used to 
cross examine with other individuals’ responses 
and evaluate the accuracy of participating 
trainer’s response. Weighting will be applied to 
individual training responses based on result 
accuracy generated from the questions based 
on common dataset.

4.2.3 Federated Node to Aggregate 
Weighted Fine-tuning Update

High-quality updates and correction to the 
algorithm as derived from the participating 
model trainer result will be encrypted and 
transmitted to the federated node, which will 
further aggregate and average the updates 
from other participating trainers by applying 
similar approach as Federating Learning.

To ensure the fine-tuning updates are accurate, 
which will enhance rather than worsen the 
machine learning models, cross examination 
across fine-tuning results generated from the 
common dataset of different devices will be 
conducted. Results from poorly performed 
model trainers that do not meet a minimum 
standard will be excluded statistically. While 
weighting based on the result accuracy 
generated from common dataset will be applied 
to the overall updates from each participating 
trainer before fine-tuning the algorithms.



Section 4: Solutions  |  www.decentralizedml.com22

After the federated node has averaged the 
fine-tuned updates and has aggregated 
the encrypted updated algorithm based 
on the weighted updates received from 
their respective connected model trainers, 
the updated algorithm will be sent to the 
algorithm refining node. Upon receiving the 
updated algorithms from all federated nodes, 
the algorithm refining node will average 
and aggregate the updates to generate a final 
improved algorithm.

The final algorithm will be encrypted and 
sent to the distributing nodes for full scale 
distribution and run on the devices of 
appropriate data owners or to the developers if 
no machine learning job is deployed but only 
refinement is required. 

4.2.4 Algorithm Refining Node to 
form Fine-Tuned Algorithm



Section 4: Solutions  |  www.decentralizedml.com

Diagram 2: Algorithm refining technical flow

2323



Smart Contract for Machine Learning on Untapped Data 

Smart Contracts for DML Marketplace Activities

Acquire ML Algorithms for Self or Business Predictions 

Crowd Fine-tuning to Improve Existing ML Algorithms

5
5.1

5.2

5.2.1

5.2.2

Blockchain-based 
Smart Contract



Section 5: Blockchain-based Smart Contract  |  www.decentralizedml.com25

5. Blockchain-based Smart Contract
Smart contracts are utilized as trustless tools free of middlemen to facilitate the DML ecosystem.

1. customers, who request for machine learning service, to pay DML tokens to run machine 
learning algorithm on data owners’ authorized dataset in their individual devices. The 
decentralized nodes will facilitate by distributing algorithms and collecting, aggregating and 
averaging the local prediction results to produce the final prediction report; 

2. machine learning developers, who sell their algorithm on the DML MarketPlace, to get paid by 
customers in DML tokens; and 

3. model trainers, who correct and improve the machine learning model, to be rewarded, by the 
customers or machine learning developers, who solely want to improve their algorithm for 
further use;



Section 5: Blockchain-based Smart Contract  |  www.decentralizedml.com26

5.2.1 Acquire ML Algorithms for 
Self or Business Predictions 

5.2.2 Crowd Fine-tuning to 
Improve Existing ML Algorithms

A similar mechanism applies to the algorithm 
fine-tuning services to be conducted by model 
trainers. They will be rewarded automatically 
by the smart contract upon the completion of 
the final machine learning result report by the 
Report Node or the algorithm is improved by 
Algorithm Refining Nodes.

5.1 /
Smart Contract for Machine 
Learning on Untapped Data

5.2 /
Smart Contracts for DML 
Marketplace Activities

The smart contract will be run on the 
decentralized nodes which connect data 
owners. Upon the completion of the job i.e. 
the final report is produced by the Report 
Nodes, the Report Nodes will update the 
smart contract. The smart contract will then 
be executed, and the participants will be 
rewarded according to the terms as stated in 
the smart contract.

Apart from the data processing, the smart 
contract will also be used to govern the two 
market activities within the DML Marketplace 
regarding the acquisition of machine learning 
algorithms for various applications, and the 
algorithm fine-tuning and correction services 
provided by model trainers.

The parameters of this smart contract that will 
be used to govern DML Marketplace activities 
will be linked to the DML Marketplace setting. 
The contract will be executed according to 
the conditions as defined under the setting. 
The condition includes the amount of DML 
tokens that customers are willing to pay for the 
acquisition of machine learning algorithms 
for further deployment in the protocol. Upon 
the completion of the final machine learning 
result report by the Report Node, the smart 
contract will be executed and automatically 
transfer the agreed amount of DML tokens to 
the developers.



Developers’ Perspective

Unleash Creativity via Innovation from Periphery

Open Market to Sell Machine Learning Algorithms

External Source to Fine-tune Machine Learning Algorithms

Data Owners’ Perspective

Unlock Economic Value of Private Data with Privacy Protection

Make Use of Idle Processing Power

Certain Data and Device Owner also Acting as Model Trainer

Customers’ Perspective

Reducing the Bar for Applying Machine Learning Algorithm

Better Prediction Results with the Use of Untapped Data

6.1

6.1.1

6.1.2

6.1.3

6.2

6.2.1

6.2.2

6.2.3

6.3

6.3.1

6.3.2

6 Benefits for Different Participants



Section 6: Benefits for Different Participants  |  www.decentralizedml.com28

6. Benefits for Different Participants

6.1 /
Developers’ Perspective

6.1.1 Unleash Creativity via 
Innovation from Peripheral

The current ecosystem of machine learning 
and artificial intelligence development is 
mainly dominated by large corporations. They 
may either employ in-house developers or seek 
external professional consultants to develop 
the machine learning algorithms. Developers 
working at large corporations may be subject 
to hierarchical influence. They can only follow 
the bureaucratic corporation guidelines and 
hence may hinder their creativity to build 
algorithms with better use.

DML Algorithm Marketplace creates a 
developer’s community where developers 
have the capacity to work as a freelancer to 
build and market their machine learning 
algorithms in return for incentives. Innovation 
and creativity to build machine learning 
algorithms are unleashed as no approval by 
tech giants or any other parties with vested 
interest is needed. Besides, better algorithms 
may also be developed and evolved due to 
open competition in a free market ecosystem.

6.1.2 Open Market to Sell Machine 
Learning Algorithms

Currently, it may not be easy for many 
developers to sell or market their algorithms 
to buyers such as commercial clients. Even the 
developers can find a mean to market their 
algorithms, they may need to pay high agency 
costs to sell their algorithms.

DML algorithm Marketplace provides 
developers an alternative mean to market their 
algorithms to potential algorithm buyers in an 
open market that are free from middleman 
control and costs. The transaction will be 
executed in smart contract with clear written 
terms and free from default risk.

The algorithm usage will be subject to different 
type of license conditions. We expect the most 
common type of licenses is on subscription 
basis for single use which requires minimal 
cost. On the other hand, the algorithm will be 
encrypted to prevent unauthorized access to 
the IP of the developers. 



Section 6: Benefits for Different Participants  |  www.decentralizedml.com29

6.1.3 External Source to Fine-tune 
Machine Learning Algorithms

One of the major challenges of building a 
useful machine learning model is the lack of 
sufficient training dataset and the manual 
effort to correct the labelling of the machine 
learning algorithm in order to increase the 
accuracy and the intelligence of the algorithm.  
This is because supervised learning algorithms 
often require analyzing labelled training data to 
produce an inferred function that can generate 
predictions and generalize classification based 
on other unseen information. However, the 
processes to test the algorithms and training 
the dataset for supervised learning can be time 
consuming and can require a lot of manual 
effort to conduct.

Through DML Marketplace, developers have 
additional  mean to connect with numerous 
individual devices owners whom can 
support the manual exercises to fine-tune the 
algorithms and trained the dataset without the 
need to hire in-house limited resources. This 
is another breakthrough and improvement in 
machine learning by connecting and engaging 
model trainers in the crowd.

6.2 /
Data Owners’ Perspective

6.2.1 Unlock Economic Value of 
Private Data with Privacy Protection

Currently, some data owners are already 
unknowingly sharing their individual data 
in their smart devices.  They shared the data 
through various means such as social medial 
applications installed on on their devices, 
without any economic incentive and much 
attention to data privacy protection. Many 
data owners are reluctant to share their private 
data due to data privacy concerns, lack of trust 
and lack of incentives even if they are willing to 
contribute to machine learning development.

Through DML Protocol, the economic value 
of the private data is unlocked. Data owners 
are incentivized to allow machine learning 
algorithms to run on their private data in 
return of DML tokens without leakage of their 
private data to any third parties. Data privacy 
is protected as only the prediction results 
will be collected and aggregated through 
the decentralized nodes while the original 
source of private data will be kept within their 
individual devices. Therefore, data owners 
can participate in the machine learning 
development with economic incentives while 
data privacy concerns is addressed.



Section 6: Benefits for Different Participants  |  www.decentralizedml.com30

6.2.2 Make Use of Idle Processing 
Power

6.2.3 Certain Data and Device 
Owner also Acting as Model Trainer

The processing power of our devices such 
as mobile phone, tablets and computers are 
growing rapidly. In the past decades, the 
processing power increases approximately 
according to Moore’s law. However, we recently 
see exponential improvement in processing 
power in smart devices with dedicated chips 
for  on-device artificial intelligence and 
machine learning. While we usually do not 
actively use our devices 24/7, the underutilized 
processing power can now be used to run 
machine learning algorithms and be rewarded 
along with the private dataset usage.

While DML protocol design aims to run and 
make prediction in a hassle-free and automatic 
way to encourage mass participation, some 
data and device owners may be interested 
to walk an extra mile by acting as model 
trainers through correcting the labels of the 
machine algorithm in their spare time., The 
effort contributes to the machine learning 
development and earn extra DML token.

6.3 /
Customers’ Perspective

6.3.1 Reducing the Bar for Applying 
Machine Learning Algorithm

Currently, it is costly to hire an in-house 
developers or seek external professional 
consultancy services to build machine learning 
algorithms. Therefore, only large corporations 
with sufficient budgets may be able to afford 
the research and development costs in 
building machine learning algorithms. It is not 
surprising that large corporation dominated 
the machine learning field.

DML Algorithm Marketplace creates an open 
market that is available for anyone to acquire 
machine learning algorithms at a market-
driven cost that are free from middleman 
control and costs. As a result, even small and 
medium enterprises, research institutions or 
even individuals may also be able to afford 
accessing talented resources from all over 
the world and acquiring the algorithms for 
business predictions or other usages at a 
market-driven cost. Furthermore, customers 
can request tailor-made machine learning 
algorithms for specific predictions without 
going through a middleman if the algorithm 
required is not in the current list or does not 
match the exact required criteria. As such, 
the marketplace could always meet the latest 
demand in the market.



Section 6: Benefits for Different Participants  |  www.decentralizedml.com31

6.3.2 Better Prediction Results 
with the Use of Untapped Data

The DML Protocol and Algorithm 
Marketplace can help the customers to 
acquire machine learning algorithms for 
their business predictions. They can also 
generate more accurate predictions by 
applying the algorithms to untapped data 
stored in individual electronic devices, which 
is inaccessible before, at a market-driven cost 
and free from middleman by adopting smart 
contract.

Comparing to traditional market research 
such as conducting survey and focus group, 
prediction from the DML protocol could 
be much faster and timely, unbiased, cost-
effective, more accurate and relevant. DML 
protocol provides a powerful tool to identify 
market trends and sentiments are learnt.

With more accurate prediction on trends and 
sentiments etc, customers could deploy and 
plan their resources more wisely by producing 
and providing the goods and services that 
better fit the consumers’ preferences and 
needs. Other customers such as political 
parties in election campaign, after learning the 
latest trend of the election, could quickly adapt 
and change their strategy in marketing and 
promoting themselves geographically and/ or 
demographically.



Major Uses of DML Token

Utilize Untapped Data and idle processing power for Machine Learning 

Acquire Machine Learning Algorithms in Marketplace

Reward to Decentralized Nodes in the protocol

Reward to Algorithm Trainer for Fine-tuning Algorithms

User Growth Pool to Incentivize Users

Extra Reward to Contributors

User Growth Pool Generation Mechanism

The DML Token Utility System

7.1

7.1.1

7.1.2

7.1.3

7.1.4

7.2

7.2.1

7.2.2

7.3

7 DML Token Usage and Mechanism



Section 7: DML Token Usage and Mechanism  |  www.decentralizedml.com33

7. DML Token Usage and Mechanism

7.1 /
Major Uses of DML Token

7.1.1 Utilize Untapped Data and 
idle processing power for Machine 
Learning 

DML token is paid to the data owner 
to contribute their private data and idle 
processing power for running machine 
learning algorithm in the DML protocol.

7.1.3 Reward to Decentralized 
Nodes in the protocol

7.1.2 Acquire Machine Learning 
Algorithms in Marketplace

7.1.4 Reward to Algorithm Trainer 
for Fine-tuning Algorithms

DML tokens are used to motivate the 
decentralized nodes with different functions 
such as distributing algorithms, aggregating 
and averaging local machine learning result 
by federated learning or producing aggregated 
machine learning report. Those functions are 
essential and serve as part of the decentralized 
processing power network in machine 
learning.

Apart from building in-house machine 
learning algorithm, customers could acquire 
machine learning algorithm from the 
developers in our DML marketplace using 
DML tokens. Therefore, talented developers 
are incentivized to join the DML developers’ 
community to develop machine learning 
algorithms for real life applications.

Developers who wish to seek resources to 
train and fine-tune their models can pay DML 
tokens to the model trainers. DML tokens are 
used to motivate model trainers to contribute 
their effort and time to fine-tune the algorithms 
by correcting the label of the algorithm.



Section 7: DML Token Usage and Mechanism  |  www.decentralizedml.com34

A user growth pool of 9% of DML tokens 
will be created to incentivize DML users to 
early participate in the DML protocol and 
ecosystem.

1. Data owners to allow machine learning 
algorithms to be run on their untapped 
private data; 

2. Decentralized nodes which provide various 
essential functions in supporting different 
parts of decentralized machine learning;

7.2.1 Extra Reward to Contributors

7.2.2 User Growth Pool Generation 
Mechanism

7.2/
User Growth Pool to Incentivize 
Users

In addition to DML tokens directly paid by 
customers, data owners may earn extra DML 
tokens randomly from the user growth pool 
as long as they are connected to the DML 
protocol. The data owners, therefore, will 
earn DML tokens from up to two sources i.e. 
customers and user growth pool.

A limited amount of the DML token will 
be generated according to the pre-defined 
decreasing-supply algorithm based on the 
preset mechanism across time. The mechanism 
is designed to encourage early participation to 
contribute to machine learning development. 
Therefore, the reward block is designed with a 
pre-defined algorithm that will decrease with 
time.  

7.3/ 
The DML Token Utility System

Data owners will be rewarded from up to two 
sources, which is driven by the market demand 
of using untapped private data for machine 
learning and from the user growth pool. 

To encourage simplicity and mass adoption of 
token and cryptocurrency, a ERC20-supported 
wallet will be built in DML App to keep the 
DML token or other supported tokens.



Open Source Technology for System Audit & Code Debug

Self-Governance through System Audit by DML Participants

Encourage Public Contribution to System Debug

8.1

8.2

8.3

8 Governance



Section 8: Governance  |  www.decentralizedml.com36

8. Governance

8.1 /
Open Source Technology for 
System Audit & Code Debug

DML Protocol adopts a “collective governance” 
structure that allows and motivates any 
parties to participate in system and protocol 
monitoring, auditing and debugging. It is an 
open source protocol, of which the source 
codes of the protocol are open to public. 
Therefore, participants of the DML community 
can access, read, debug and audit the source 
codes. 

8.3 / 
Encourage Public Contribution to 
System Debug

8.2 / 
Self-Governance through System 
Audit by DML Participants

Furthermore, open source codes allow any 
participants to access, amend and debug 
the existing codes. To encourage talents 
to continuously debug the codes, they are 
incentivized with DML tokens. A pool of 
DML tokens are set aside to distribute to these 
participants who successfully debug the code. 
With the debug incentive mechanism, security 
of the DML protocol will be strengthened as 
any bugs or security leakage will be fixed by 
talents all over the global network.

With the source codes open to DML 
participants, it creates transparency over 
the DML protocol as any participants can 
audit the source codes to check against our 
philosophy and mechanism such as only local 
prediction results are aggregated without 
leakage of original private data. Rather than 
being governed by a small group of people 
at periodic interval, DML protocol will be 
monitored and audited continuously 24/7 by 
talents from all over the community, which 
creates confidence and provides transparency 
to users.



Flexibility to Upgrade and Multi-Blockchain Compatibility

Promote DML Protocol Upgrade 

Scalability and Off-chain Transactions

Cross-chain Compatibility and Interoperability

9.1

9.1.1

9.1.2

9.1.3

9 Future Upgrade & Interoperability



Section 9: Future Upgrade & Interoperability  |  www.decentralizedml.com38

9. Future Upgrade & Interoperability

9.1 /
Flexibility to Upgrade and Multi-
Blockchain Compatibility

We treasure the knowledge, expertise and 
innovation of every individual as we believe 
in collective wisdom and intelligence, which 
is our core value that motivates us to unleash 
untapped data and link them together to create 
a co-intelligence system. Therefore, DML 
protocol is designed to encourage developers 
to participate in system upgrade or future 
technology compatibility advancement too.

Compatibility with existing and forthcoming 
blockchain and cryptographic technology 
together with the flexibility for protocol 
upgrades are the key for on-going development 
and sustainability. Therefore, DML protocol is 
designed with flexibility to be upgraded and 
compatible with new blockchain technology, 
of which it will not be confined to any single 
or existing ones.

9.1.1 Promote DML Protocol 
Upgrade

9.1.2 Scalability and Off-chain 
Transactions

We encourage any developers, who have 
ideas to improve the protocol by proposing 
enhancement to the existing one, through 
our protocol. We will reserve financial 
resources to motivate any developers to 
improve our protocol. This does not only 
incentivize developers across the globe to 
continuously contribute to the maintenance 
of the decentralized network, but also the 
forthcoming enhancement of the protocol.

DML protocol is designed with scalability 
feature to cope with increasingly mass usage 
and heavy transactions load.  For instance, 
we may adopt off-chain method, such as 
state channels, by offloading non-core and 
generalized processes off-chain to increase its 
efficiency and reduce transaction costs.



Section 9: Future Upgrade & Interoperability  |  www.decentralizedml.com39

Our decentralized and open-source blockchain technology allows individual data and 
intelligence to be joined together to create a collective beneficial ecosystem. We believe such 
decentralization approach should not be confined to one single blockchain platform.  Therefore, 
our technology welcomes and encourages all sorts of blockchain technology to be adopted in 
our protocol and various system languages to be used to run their machine learning algorithms 
on our network.

We encourage both adoption of existing blockchain technology such as Ethereum and any 
other future blockchain platform. Our protocol aims to allow integration of new blockchain 
technology to the currently adopted ones without replacing or overriding them.  A co-exist 
ecosystem that links and aggregates different blockchain-based technologies will be created.

Likewise, for the protocol upgrade mechanism, developers are also encouraged to integrate 
any new blockchain technology on top of the existing blockchain platform as used in DML 
protocol.  The same incentive mechanism will be deployed to encourage a variety of blockchain 
technologies to be adopted.

9.1.3 Cross-chain Compatibility and Interoperability



Initial Phase:

Utilize Untapped Data & Create DML Marketplace

Launch of Regular DML Algorithms Competition

Connect Mobile Sensors and IOT devices

Future Phase 1: Extend Applications to other Programs

Future Phase 2: Global Self-Initiate Decentralized ML Network

10.1

10.1.1

10.1.2

10.1.3

10.2

10.3

Protocol Evolvements10



Section 10: Protocol Evolvements  |  www.decentralizedml.com41

10. Protocol Evolvements 

10.1 /
Initial Phase:

The first and most important features for DML 
protocol is to explore and utilize the blue ocean 
of untapped and privately-owned data for 
machine learning. In our initial development 
stage, we connect electronic devices from all 
over the globe to reach the untapped private 
data through DML protocol.

We focus running machine learning algorithms 
on the untapped data to generate more 
accurate predictions through DML protocol. 
We protect data privacy of data owners, which 
is one of our top priorities and niches, by 
sending local prediction results for further 
aggregating and averaging with no raw data 
being extracted from the electronic devices. All 
the prediction results will be further processed 
and consolidated on collective basis, which 
will yield a final prediction result.

The DML Marketplace is also created with the 
view to collective wisdom or “co-intelligent”.
Therefore, the data, algorithms development 
and fine-tuning of algorithms are decentralized 
through our DML platform rather than being 
centralized or controlled by oligopolies.

10.1.2 Launch of Regular DML 
Algorithms Competition

10.1.1 Utilize Untapped Data & 
Create DML Marketplace

Subsequent to the release of DML 
Marketplace, a DML Algorithm Competition 
will be introduced, which creates a distributed 
platform for crowdsourcing machine learning 
solutions. It aims to attract and motivate more 
diversify talents to create machine learning 
algorithms with practical utility to solve real 
life problems. A level-playing field is created for 
any developers disregard of their background 
to participate in the competition., They can 
employ their talents, polish their skills and 
be rewarded solely based on their capability 
without any hierarchical interference.

Real life challenging use cases will be provided 
for participants to solve by creating tailor-
made algorithms. Winners will not only 
be rewarded by DML tokens, but also gain 
reputation in winning the award and can 
market their solutions in DML Marketplace.



Section 10: Protocol Evolvements  |  www.decentralizedml.com42

10.1.3 Connect Mobile Sensors 
and IOT devices

10.2 /
Future Phase 1: Extend 
Applications to other Programs

While we initially focus on exploring data, 
which has already be generated and stored 
in the device, machine learning development 
can be further advanced through the real time 
and relevant data generated from the multiple 
sensors within the smart devices and other 
IOT devices as controlled by the same devices.

The distributed IOT and mobile sensor network 
will bring machine learning development 
to another level by providing data that does 
not exist before or very difficult to collect 
for on-device machine learning. The use of 
sensors or IOT connection will require data 
owner authorization and those data will not 
be extracted from the smart device to protect 
data privacy.

Machine learning applications is only one of 
the major use cases for DML protocol. With 
a network that connects to potentially billions 
of electronic devices to unleash the use of 
previously untapped private data and their idle 
processing power, it can extend its applications 
from machine learning algorithms to any other 
types of programs to be run on untapped data 
by using the idle processing power of these 
devices to generate any suitable programs and 
applications.

We aim to truly unlock the untapped data 
within the electronic devices especially 
smartphones and fully utilize their processing 
power for the advancement of artificial 
intelligence development. Not only does the 
machine learning algorithms that generate 
predictions can be run on these untapped 
data, but other kinds of applications and 
programs can also leverage the same DML 
platform in applying the untapped data and 
idle processing power of those connected 
devices. Similarly, these programs can also be 
marketed to potential users through the same 
DML marketplace.



Section 10: Protocol Evolvements  |  www.decentralizedml.com43

Once a self-communicating network is built 
across all electronic devices, decentralized 
data collected can be cross-checked and 
complementing with each other. Therefore, 
the data set in the DML protocol are more 
reliable, complete and with highest integrity 
for algorithms and programs to be run to 
generate more accurate predictions or produce 
better software applications. 

Ultimately, the self-communicated network 
can self-detect and self-initiate to acquire 
useful information scattered across the 
globe to formulate valuable predictions with 
global impact that may be beyond human 
imaginations. As such, it will be the suitable 
time to research and develop Strong-AI as 
powered by the matured version of DML 
protocol.

10.3 /
Future Phase 2: Global Self-Initiate 
Decentralized ML Network

We do not only believe in “more good quality 
data, better result”, but also “the whole is greater 
than sum of its parts”. Therefore, applying 
existing distributed data in a decentralized 
network for machine learning is the initial step 
to build the DML Protocol ecosystem.

Smartphone is an extension of our body, which 
performs as extra pair of eyes, pair of ears as 
well as other sensors. It is also a gateway for 
us to reach the outside world digitally through 
the mobile network and internet. 

The potential of DML protocol is far more than 
facilitating algorithms or programs to be run 
directly on these connected electronic devices 
through its decentralized network. Ultimately, 
we aim to leverage the decentralized network 
that connects potentially billions of devices all 
over the globe to be able to communicate with 
each other.



Core Team Members Bios

Advisors Bios

Working Partners

11.1

11.2

11.3

DML Team11



Section 11: DML Team  |  www.decentralizedml.com45

11. DML Team

11.1 /
Core Team Members Bios

Victor Cheung
Blockchain Developer

Michael Kwok
Project Lead Director

Victor obtained his BEng in Software 
Engineering and MSc in Computer Science in 
the University of Hong Kong. Since 2014, he 
founded 2 technology companies with startup 
winning awards. He is a full-stack web, mobile 
application and smart contract developer. 

Prior to that, he spent over 4 years in a private 
company serving US technology corporations 
in software development. He is proficient in 
Solidity, C#, JavaScript, PHP, Node.js, MySQL, 
MFC etc.

Michael founded the 2 technology companies 
and winning startup competition awards 
together with Victor. He is a seasoned growth 
lead in early stage startups, especially adept 
at business development, digital marketing, 
search engine optimization (SEO), social media 
and community management. 

His ability and the sense of motivation makes 
him the most suitable person to coordinate and 
drive the business development of the project.



Section 11: DML Team  |  www.decentralizedml.com46

Pascal Lejolif
Machine Learning Engineer

Pascal started his career as a software engineer 
at OSIS and then over 8 years as the technical 
project manager in Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise 
in Paris, France. He then moved to Asia and 
was working as consultant, managing IT 
projects in Bangkok and Hong Kong for the 
past 7 years. 

He is the former Chief Technology Officer 
of Alkia IT Services, a company specialize 
in cloud computing, AI and cyber security 
services in Thailand. Pascal is a veteran IT 
projects consultant and system designer. 
He also obtained his Machine Learning 
Certification at Stanford University.

Jacky Chan
Blockchain and Software 
Developer

Jacky is a full-stack software engineer. At 
Symphony Communication which was 
acquired by Goldman Sachs, he built secure 
chat applications for Wall Street firms and then 
a software engineer at Uber in San Francisco 
Bay Area.

Afterwards, Jacky co-founded Kyokan Labs and 
has been focusing on improving the blockchain 
space. He has substantial involvement in 
Metamask’s new UI development, as well as the 
network visualization dashboard design with 
DFINITY. Jacky is proficient in JavaScript, 
Python, Go, Node.js, AngularJS, Backbone.js, 
MongoDB etc.



Section 11: DML Team  |  www.decentralizedml.com47

Wilson Lau
Machine Learning Engineer

Patrick Sum
System Security Engineer

Wilson is the technical manager of a 
cryptocurrency mining consulting firm. He 
also involved in machine learning agriculture 
robotic system design, including a hydroponic 
vertical farm that utilize machine learning.

He obtained his Bachelor degree in Physics 
from Hong Kong University of Science and 
Technology and is proficient on machine 
learning programming languages such as 
Python, C, Mathematica, Arduino etc.

Patrick accumulated over 20 years of 
information technology experiences by serving 
in the banking and finance industry, education 
sector, as well as semi-government authority. His 
various specialties about software development, 
system administration and security, IT project 
management, and wide-area network design is 
the backbone of the Team.

Patrick completed his Bachelor of Science 
(Computer Studies) at the University of Hong 
Kong in 1988 and acquired the Master of Business 
Administration from Australia Graduate School 
of Management (AGSM) in 2000.



Section 11: DML Team  |  www.decentralizedml.com48

11.2 /
Advisors Bios

Guillaume Huet
Big Data / Machine Learning 
Advisor

Michael Edesess, PhD
Machine Learning Advisor

Guillaume has 12 years of experience in 
banking, consulting and business development 
in Europe, Africa and Asia. Besides his MIB 
obtained from EDHEC Business School, 
Guillaume has developed his expertise on 
AI from online certification from Stanford 
University, John Hopkins, Deeplearning.ai 
and through successful implementations. 

Guillaume is a frequent speaker on data science 
and machine learning. His passion leads him 
to be a noticed actor in the machine learning 
scene in Hong Kong.

Michael is currently an Adjunct Associate 
Professor in Hong Kong Science and Technology 
University, for which he teaches postgraduate 
course including cryptocurrency. 

Michael often act as a discerning critic to 
participate in the finance and blockchain world. 
He is a columnist in MarketWatch, an affiliate of 
The Wall Street Journal, as well as South China 
Morning Post, Hong Kong, focusing on global 
economy and cryptocurrency.

He received his bachelor’s degree from 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), 
majoring in Philosophy and Mathematics, then 
went on to receive a PhD in Pure Mathematics at 
Northwestern University, specializing in the fields 
of stochastic processes and partial differential 
equations. His expertise in Mathematics shall 
provide the Team valuable insights about the 
federated learning process design. 



Section 11: DML Team  |  www.decentralizedml.com49

Roderik van der Graaf
Blockchain Advisor

Roderik is the Managing Director at Caldera 
Pacific, a growth capital investment firm based 
in Hong Kong. He has been in the VC/PE 
space since 2011 and involved in crypto assets 
markets since 2014 as an investor and advisor. 
Previously Roderik had a career in financial 
markets, where he was an equity derivatives 
trader at Bear Stearns, HSBC, Rabobank and 
Deutsche Bank along with hedge funds and 
market making firms.

Roderik holds a BEng in Aerospace Engineering 
at University of Hertfordshire and a MSc in 
Information Technology at Queen Mary and 
Westfield College, University of London. He 
is also a Chartered Alternative Investment 
Analyst charter holder.

Kyle Wong, PhD
Machine Learning Advisor

Kyle received his MSc and PhD degrees in 
Applied Physics from Cornell University.  In 
the last 20 years, he applied his quantitative 
skills to the financial markets in roles like 
bond trading, derivative structuring and risk 
management.

Since 2015, he has focused his interests on 
fintech and artificial intelligence. He is the 
Founder and Chief Operating Officer of 
Artificial Intelligence Hong Kong and being an 
advisor of several AI start-ups. 

Besides his strong academic backgrounds, Kyle 
obtained his fintech certificate in Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology (MIT).



Section 11: DML Team  |  www.decentralizedml.com50

Scott Christensen
Machine Learning Advisor

Scott is the Founder and Chief Executive 
Officer of Hanpa Group, which utilize 
AI for high frequency trading. He is the 
Former Head of North American Equity 
Derivatives Trading in ABN AMRO Bank 
N.V., gaining solid trading experiences 
from various positions including trader 
Japanese index & options arbitrage, merger 
arbitrage, exotic options, Hong Kong 
proprietary trading, Hong Kong private 
equity investment and futures statistical 
arbitrage trading. Scott is graduated at 
University of Wisconsin with a BSEE.

Steven Cody Reynolds
Blockchain Advisor

Steve brings extensive leadership experience 
from the political, military and financial 
services spheres. His experience in business 
development, communications, public relations, 
crisis management, and crypto-currency 
exchanges will be invaluable to the Team.
 
During his tenure with Binance, Steve was 
responsible for public facing community 
management of the fastest growing 
cryptocurrency exchange ever. He managed 
over 7,000% growth in users. His steady hand 
helped to guide Binance through a period 
of explosive growth and uncertainty while 
managing their English speaking customer 
facing communications and media channels. 

As the Founder of Greychain Capital, Steven 
specializes in digital asset management for 
High Net Worth Individuals. Steve is also an 
active member in various blockchain projects. 
Besides the Advisor of DML, he is the Advisor 
of HybridBlock and the Head of Operations 
of Akropolis.



Section 11: DML Team  |  www.decentralizedml.com51

Matthew Slipper
Machine Learning Advisor

Jesmer Wong
Machine Learning Advisor

Matthew joined Kyokan in 2017 as the Co-
Founder and CTO. He is knowledgeable 
in Software Engineering and Engineering 
Management. Matthew has worked 
extensively on Blockchain scaling solutions. 
He currently leads a team working on 
implementing Plasma and also contributes to 
Machinomy, a micropayments library using 
state channel technology.

Matthew started his career at Perzo, which was 
later acquired by Goldman Sachs to became 
Symphony Communications. Afterwards, he 
joined Wealthfront, where he led the frontend 
team responsible for implementing new 
financial products on top of Wealthfront’s 
trading platform.

He was also the Co-Founder and CTO of 
Spectrum Labs, which provides AI-based 
trust-and-safety tools to businesses with large 
volumes of user-generated content.

Jesmer has strong interest in Artificial 
Intelligence & Machine Learning with practical 
implementation in Data Science for Predictive 
Analytics and Data Visualization and Automation 
for the companies.

He is also keen in Blockchain applications especially 
in orchestration of Data Decentralization, 
Machine Learning, Communication Algorithms 
and Insight Extractions. He strongly believes 
DML is a pioneer to combine Blockchain with 
Machine Learning applications.

Jesmer holds an MBA and BEng (Electronic 
Engineering) from Chinese University of 
Hong Kong. He also obtained Deep Learning 
Nanodegree from Udacity and Certificate in Data 
Science from General Assembly.



Section 11: DML Team  |  www.decentralizedml.com52

Eugene Tay
PR & Marketing Advisor

Eugene is considered one of the most 
versatile and innovative business strategists 
for startups in Asia. He was Founders of 
various business initiatives and has positively 
influenced Singapore’s education system 
during 2003–2018 such as initiating “The 
Alpha Mind Programme” which is supported 
by Temasek Foundation.

Eugene is also a significant influencer within 
the Asian Blockchain community and has 
actively engaged in developing strategic 
media content for reputed projects such 
as Wanchain, Quantsamp etc. In 2017, he 
founded CryptoCentral.net, a Blockchain 
advisory collective that brings businesses 
to the Blockchain and supports the crypto 
community.

Eugene graduated with honours from 
Nottingham Trent University with a Degree 
in Computer Engineering. He is also the 
author of Supernatural Confessions and 
Beyond the Classroom.

Eric Byron
Business Advisor

Eric has been working in the IT industry for 
over 25 years with diverse experience in various 
roles. He started working in the Entertainment 
industry and transferred to IT field during 
his tenure with Disney in the US. His unique 
experience in combining innovation with 
technology enables him to excel in the Video 
Game industry, of which he spent 6 years with 
Electronic Arts (EA Sports).

Eric holds a Bachelor Degree in Computer 
Science and a Master Degree in Computer 
Information Systems. He taught part-time 
Computer Science courses for several years in 
the US. Currently, he is the Strategic Advisor 
for Accelerate HK Coding Bootcamps Limited, 
which is a tech education startup in Hong Kong.



Section 11: DML Team  |  www.decentralizedml.com53

Fabrice Fischer
Business Advisor

Fabrice is the Founder and CEO of Blu, which 
is an Artificial Intelligence advisory firm that 
specializes in disruptive innovation within 
the Financial Services industry. Fabrice was 
working in the Financial Services and IT 
industries in Asia, Europe and North America 
in the past 20 years. During Fabrice’s tenure 
as CFO of Sentient Technologies in the past 6 
years, the company encountered rapid growth 
and has become one of the world’s best funded 
AI platform.

Fabrice holds an MBA from INSEAD. He 
also received a Bachelor Degree in Electrical 
Engineering from University of Montreal. 
His AI expertise includes Machine Learning, 
Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Evolutionary 
Algorithm, Natural Language Processing, 
Image Recognition and Video Processing.



Section 11: DML Team  |  www.decentralizedml.com54

11.3 /
Working Partners



Disclosure12



Section 12: Disclosure  |  www.decentralizedml.com56

This whitepaper is being provided in support of 
the Decentralized Machine Learning Protocol. 
The technological, social and business 
structures utilizing blockchain and any 
other associated technology are continually 
developing and will evolve for the foreseeable 
future. Accordingly, the plans, strategies and 
implementation details described in this 
whitepaper will likely evolve as well and, 
accordingly, may never be adopted. We reserve 
all rights to develop or pursue additional or 
alternative plans, strategies or implementation 
details associated with the Decentralized 
Machine Learning Protocol. 

DML Tokens are being sold in accordance to 
the Terms and Conditions of the token sale 
are available at https://decentralizedml.com. 
For complete details, please refer to the terms 
and conditions of the token sale. DML Tokens 
are utility tokens and are not securities, 
investments or currency, and are not sold or 
marketed as such. Besides, participation in the 
token sale involves significant technological 
and systematic risks; the sale is not open to 
individuals who reside in or are citizens of 
the United States, Singapore, China and Hong 
Kong. The sale period, duration, pricing, and 
other provisions may change as stated in the 
token sale terms. The DML token sale involves 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties, 
and other factors that may cause the actual 
functionality, utility, or levels of use of DML 
Tokens to be materially different from any 
projected future results, use, functionality or 
utility expressed or implied in the terms and 
conditions of token sale. 

12. Disclosure



References



References  |  www.decentralizedml.com58

1. Daniel R. Rehak et al., A Model and Infrastructure for Federated Learning Content 
Repositories, WWW 2005 Chiba Japan, 2005 

2. Frederik Armknecht et al., A Guide to Fully Homomorphic Encryption, University of 
Mannheim, 2015 

3. Gavin Wood, Ethereum: A Secure Decentralized Generalised Transaction Ledger, EIP-150 
Revision 

4. H. Brenda McMahan et al., Communication - Efficient Learning of Deep Networks from 
Decentralized Data, Proceedings of the 20th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence 
and Statistics (AISTATS) 2017 Fort Lauderdale Florida USA JMLR: W&CP volume 54, v.3, 
2017 

5. Jakub Konecný et al., Federated Learning: Strategies for Improving Communication Efficiency, 
University of Edinburgh and Google, 29th Conference on Neural Information Processing 
Systems (NIPS 2016) Barcelona Spain, v.2, 2017. 

6. Jakub Konecný et al, Federated Optimization: Distributed Machine Learning for On-Device 
Intelligence, Google and University of Edinburgh, 2016 

7. Jeffrey Dean, Large Scale Distributed Deep Networks, NIPS 2012: Neural Information 
Processing Systems, 2012 

8. John P. Lalor et al, Crowd-Informed Fine-Tuning to Improve Machine Learning Ability, v2, 
2017 

9. Keith Bonawitz et al, Practical Secure Aggregation for Privacy-Preserving Machine Learning, 
Google and Cornell University, 2017 

10. Maha Tebaa, Secure Cloud Computing through Homomorphic Encryption, International 
Journal of Advancements in Computing Technology, Volume 5, Number 16, Dec 2013 

11. Massimo Bartoletti and Livio Pompianu, An Empirical Analysis of Smart Contracts: 
Platforms, Applications and Design Patterns, Universit`a degli Studi di Cagliari, 2017 

12. Ponomarev S. and Voronkov A. E., Multi-agent systems and decentralized artificial 
superintelligence, Moscow, 2017 

13. Satoshi Nakamoto, Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System, 2008 

14. Vamsi K. Potluru et al, ComertCloudCare: Distributed Machine Learning Platform-as-a-
Service with Privacy Preservation, 2014

References


