









































1

HOW THE WORLD’S FIRST 
MOBILIT Y CRYPTOCURRENCY WILL 
TRANSFORM DATA CONSUMPTION 
AND DISTRIBUTION ACROSS THE 
TRANSPORT ECOSYSTEM  

POSITIONING DOCUMENT AND WHITEPAPER

SEPTEMBER  2017 
WWW.DOVU.IO



2



3

1. DOVU’s Vision 4
    Executive Summary 4
    Global Vision 5
    Mobility Inefficiencies & Fiat Limitations 5
    Circular Economy for Mobility 6
    DOVU Ecosystem 6
    Mobility Sector Experts 7
2. Token Dynamics 7
    DOVU Protocol 7
    DOVU API Marketplace 9
    DOV Token 10
    Commercialisation Strategy 11
3. Why Now? 13
    Lack of Trust 13
    Non-compatible Data 13
    Non-uniform Quality 14
4. DOVU Use Cases 13
    DOVU API Marketplace 14
    Trust & Smart Contracts 14
    API Management & Developer Benefits 15
    Quality & Tokens 16
    Transport & Mobility Data 17
    Enabling Mobility Transactions 18
    Powering Decentralised Business Models 18
5. Team 19
    Core Team 19
    Advisory Board 21
    Strategic Partners 21
6. Token Distribution Event 22
    Token Management 23
    Use of Funds 24
    Roadmap 25

This is not a prospectus of any sort

This document and any other documents published in association with this whitepaper relate to a potential token offering 
(i.e. the DOV token) to persons (contributors) in respect of the intended development and use of the network by various 
participants. This document does not constitute an offer of securities or a promotion, invitation or solicitation for investment 
purposes. The terms of the contribution are not intended to be a financial services offering document or a prospectus.

The token offering involves and relates to the development and use of experimental software and technologies that 
may not come to fruition or achieve the objectives specified in this white paper. The purchase of tokens represents a high 
risk to any contributors. Tokens do not represent equity, shares, units, royalties or rights to capital, profit or income in 
the network or software or in the entity that issues tokens or any other company or intellectual property associated 
with the network or any other public or private enterprise, corporation, foundation or other entity in any jurisdiction. 

The token is not therefore intended to represent a security interest.

I N D E X



4

DOVU IS SHAPING THE 
CRYPTO MODEL FOR THE 
MOBILITY ECOSYSTEM.

E X E C U T I V E  S U M M A R Y

The transport sector knows where it wants to go with real time data and smart technology but 
doesn’t know how to get there. DOVU is the missing piece of the puzzle - a circular economy 
for the transport and mobility sector by creating an unprecedented value exchange between 
regular consumers and those that benefit from their data. 

The DOVU Protocol empowers ‘data owners’ (individuals, organisations, IoT devices – any 
source of data) to control access to the data shared, whilst receiving value of the use of that 
data in return – in the form of DOV Tokens. These tokens then feed back into the ecosystem 
through mobility related transactions, be that offsetting the cost of a car, fuel for that car, 
paying for a flight, or just riding the bus.

Our Protocol facilitates and encourages development of an infinite number of mobility 
related dApps, detailing data interchange and attribution of value. Based on Ethereum, the 
DOV token is used for transactions within these dApps. The potential for dApp’s built on 
the platform is boundless, using DOVU’s economy to create previously impossible mobility 
services.

The core team consists of entrepreneurs, blockchain developers, product marketers, product 
designers and legal experts - all with significant experience shipping and supporting products 
used by millions of people.

Our high profile advisory board is committed to help DOVU execute its mission, and includes 
a former member of the board of directors of Ethereum, an entrepreneur who has built a one 
billion dollar business around community development, and a partner at a top global advisory 
firm. Together with strategic investors, including a government-backed fund and a major car 
company, DOVU will disrupt a traditional industry.



1. DOVU’S VISION

G L O B A L  V I S I O N

DOVU is shaping the crypto model for the mobility ecosystem. Introducing a transport 
focused protocol to accelerate the development of mobility related decentralised applications 
(dApps), the DOV token powers new business models in the transportation sector. 

M O B I L I T Y  I N E F F I C I E N C I E S  &  F I A T  L I M I T A T I O N S

Fluid mobility is burdened by market inefficiencies and fiat limitations. Currently, there is 
no reward mechanism for an individual to contribute value back into the ecosystem, such as 
sharing data with service providers, or sending electricity back to the grid from their EV. In 
essence, this means that an important well of value is left untapped, needlessly slowing down 
the process of innovation. As it stands, we’re facing a world with self-driving cars, where 
you still need to fill out paperwork for insurance, pay per fixed units of an hour, and you 
don’t control your own driving data. Thankfully, blockchain is exceptionally well suited to solve 
these problems. 

5

IMAGINE BEING REWARDED 
FOR ALL THE DATA YOU 
CREATE AND SHARE.



6

C I R C U L A R  E C O N O M Y  F O R  M O B I L I T Y

Companies such as Uber or Airbnb are often cited as examples of the sharing economy, 
but it could be argued that they are not exactly because they are centralised. A true sharing 
economy is one in which individuals and companies are empowered by technology to share 
their data and — if they wish — receive payment for it.

Because blockchain can verify value contributed independently, whether you are a corporate 
or an individual, the DOVU Protocol empowers everybody to be fairly rewarded for their 
contribution to the mobility ecosystem. This transforms 1:1 relationships to many:many. 

Imagine your car paying you to drive it. Imagine being rewarded for all the data you create 
and share. Imagine being able to use those rewards for travel, services, and transport globally. 
Imagine this data being used to further improve mobility services, working towards fluid 
movement of goods and people in our cities. Applying this technology will transform our 
thinking about data and mobility. For example, when hailing an autonomous car, insurance 
considerations are recorded in a Smart Contract, micropayments are usage-based, and the 
DOVU ledger allows you to be rewarded for the data you share.
.

D O V U  E C O S Y S T E M

The DOVU platform consists of the following components, the DOVU Protocol (detailing 
data interchange and attribution of value), the DOV token (for payment within the platform) 
and the DOVU API Marketplace (the first dApp developed by DOVU).

The DOVU Protocol sits at the core of our product and enables the creation of mobility 
related dApps on our platform. Based on Ethereum, the DOV token is used for transactions 
within these dApps. The focus and utility of these dApps will be fueled by the sharing and 
consumption of data, therefore our own DOVU API Marketplace supports the community 
further by simplifying access and development of mobility data globally. The DOVU 



7

Marketplace is the first dApp built on our protocol, providing a vital component in our 
platform – tying together the data exchange and discovery elements to our payment and 
attribution model. The Marketplace is an incredibly exciting and transformative prospect by 
itself but is also just a glimpse of the potential open to developers. 

Using the DOVU API Marketplace as an example of how the circular economy works. The 
Marketplace simplifies access to transport related data and accelerates the integration of 
multiple data points via APIs. The DOV token reinforces the quality of transport focused 
dApps, such as the DOVU API Marketplace. Contributing to the quality of the ecosystem 
can earn you DOV Tokens. Similar to in-game currency, contributors are rewarded with 
tokens based on the quality of their input. This introduces a self-reinforcing and peer reviewed 
feedback loop continuously enhancing the quality of the ecosystem.

M O B I L I T Y  S E C T O R  E X P E R T S

DOVU is well-connected in the transport sector. In April 2017, DOVU received seed 
funding from InMotion Ventures, Jaguar Land Rover’s investment arm, and Creative England, 
a fund backed by the UK Government. Through its network of advisors, DOVU has access 
to the relevant professional industry networks and is well positioned to build lasting customer 
relationships.

2. TOKEN DYNAMICS

D O V U  P R O T O C O L

The DOVU Protocol empowers ‘data owners’ (individuals, organisations and even IoT devices 
– any source of data) to control access to the data shared, whilst receiving value from future 
profits of the use of that data in return – in the form of DOV Tokens.

‘Data providers’ (those that create APIs to resell data) can define Smart Contracts to set 
conditions of use and the level of reward they are willing to offer to data owners, whilst data 
owners forever retain control to cancel the contracts, change and revoke permissions.

This is a paradigm shift away from blanket acceptance of traditional terms and privacy policies, 
granting large organisations the permission to use and resell data without few, if any, controls 
on its use, and with little recourse or cancellation if abused.

DOVU IS WELL CONNECTED 
IN THE TRANSPORT SECTOR.



8

The DOVU Protocol, APIs and open source code libraries will make it possible to harness 
the power of Smart Contracts and Blockchain to put control of data back in the hands of the 
data owners. Fairly rewarding them for it, and thus encouraging greater sharing of data, whilst 
automatically reprimanding or blocking if there is a breach of agreed terms.

Imagine the ability to be rewarded for sharing your travel data, with total control and an 
infallible guarantee over which data you are willing to share, and the kinds of organisations you 
are willing to share it with, when, how and so on. The DOVU Protocol offers that. It’s similar 
to collecting reward points for your supermarket shopping, but on a much larger scale, with 
flexible controls and a remuneration with far greater utility – the DOV token.
The first example of the open data economy (where data owners are rewarded for their data) 
is the DOVU marketplace, allowing data providers to easily and honestly deliver data to a 
market of data consumers interested in creating the next generation of mobility focused 
startups.

Future examples of the DOVU protocol being leveraged within the mobility sector might 
include a travel operator that wants to reward existing customers (who are now data owners) 
with loyalty based pricing. A simple travel based app adhering to the DOVU protocol would 
be all that was required (in combination with the relevant smart contracts) to remit rewards 
in DOV Tokens.

The DOVU Protocol and open source SDKs will utilise well established cryptography 
standards (such as the SHA-256 Cryptographic Hash Algorithm) so that data can be signed 
and ownership verified at every stage of usage. DOVU will also offer an authentication API 
and Smart Contracts management protocol so that data owners can easily enter into (or 
cancel out of) agreements with data providers – from any app on a smartphone, website, or 
IoT device.

Examples could include a DOVU enabled smartphone app to unlock a shared vehicle, and 
automatically sign-in to the DOVU platform from that vehicle’s onboard computer with 
options to sell or share the car’s data while driving. Or a smartphone app to track movements 
such as walking, running, cycling, driving – imagine being able to sell this data in return for 
DOV Tokens that can be used to buy petrol, train journeys or bus rides. Discounted travel 
costs in return for your data, simply by using a DOVU enabled app to buy your tickets.

Each user on the platform will be identified with a ‘Wallet’ (a public key on the Ethereum 
blockchain). This provides both anonymity to the user, yet total transactional transparency 
of token flow and contractual terms. The user can decide if they wish to attach and share any 
personal data to this, based on the rewards offered. At the same time, each Wallet provides 
the means to both accept and spend DOV Tokens.
The Ethereum Blockchain provides the means of value exchange through DOV Tokens, as 



9

well as the Smart Contract infrastructure. The DOVU Protocol will provide a layer on top 
of this to retain a ‘ledger of value’ – a log of data flows to facilitate DOV token payments 
to data owners Wallets based on the value agreed in the Smart Contracts. For example 
Smart Contracts facilitate granular charging of data accessed via APIs in the DOVU API 
Marketplace, incurring far less transaction fees by only moving the DOV Tokens between 
Wallets on the Ethereum blockchain when significant value is ready to transfer.

D O V U  A P I  M A R K E T P L A C E

The DOVU API Marketplace platform will provide data providers with the tools to list and sell 
data to consumers, and also to define costs and terms in Smart Contracts to be executed on 
the blockchain. Developers can contribute to APIs, Smart Contract and app developments 
and be rewarded in DOV tokens – this will organically grow the DOVU powered transport 
API ecosystem.

Data Owner - An individual or organisation that ‘owns’ some data. Data is passed to data 
providers and is signed so that any actor further up the chain can determine the authenticity 
of the data. 

Data Provider - An individual or organisation that takes ‘owned’ data and supplies it through 
means of a documented API.

Data Consumer - An individual or organisation that interacts with the DOVU platform to 
consume data from data providers, e.g. developers.



10

D O V  T O K E N

The DOV token is central to our ecosystem. It’s the unit of value that allows us to create this 
new circular economy linking consumers to data providers (and vice versa) and also rewarding 
those sharing data.

For our ecosystem to flourish in the transport sector we encourage use of the DOV token 
within it, ultimately building more value for customers as adoption and utility grows.

The DOV token is the only unit of value used across DOVU platform. Every purchase, sale, 
exchange or any other transaction on the platform will require the use of DOV tokens.

A decentralised global ledger combined with a token that’s required to use that ledger aligns 
incentives and creates more intense product engagement. Blockchain uniquely rewards early 



11

adopters. The product becomes more useful as more users join and demand for the token 
increases, which as a result increases the value of the ownership stake for users. In other 
words, token utilisation and network effects continuously reinforce each other which benefits 
early adopters. 

Using the DOV token in your business has a number of advantages over creating your own 
token. Building payment infrastructure is a non-trivial task. Adopting an existing payment 
structure lowers development cost and increases time to market. Leveraging a stable currency 
lowers barriers to adoption for end-users.

C O M M E R C I A L I S A T I O N  S T R A T E G Y 

There is an urgent need for practical uses of blockchain technology to bring it to the masses. 
Leveraging blockchain technology for mobility solutions has broad market appeal. This not 
only unlocks opportunities for businesses, such as data monetisation and utilisation, but also 
for individuals, who can be rewarded for their contributions to the ecosystem. 

The potential for dApp’s built on the protocol is boundless, using DOVU’s economy to create 
previously impossible mobility services. The DOVU API Marketplace is one example of those 
services. 

DOVU will drive revenue through tools and services on the DOVU platform. The DOVU 
API Marketplace is the first dApp, kickstarting the use of the DOV token. 

Why would individuals and companies choose to make data open? Companies will be forced 



12

to recognise that open data is beneficial to everyone. Staying siloed, e.g. a closed platform, 
disincentives developers and lessens the cumulative value of that data. Data becomes 
exponentially more valuable for everyone outside of walled gardens. Data providers reap 
monetisation benefits from enriched data. Other motivations for data providers to open 
up their data sets include improved customer experience, customer/industry trust through 
openness (see emissions scandal etc), value-based monetisation, and strategic positioning.

Disrupting the mobility sector will require a mixture of fast-moving startups and strategic 
partners ranging from car manufacturers (OEMs) and Tier 1 automotive suppliers to public 
transit providers. Through its network of advisors, partners, and investors, DOVU has access 
to the relevant professional industry networks and is well positioned to build lasting strategic 
partnerships.



13

     
3. WHY NOW?

One of the most exciting and constantly evolving sectors to be disrupted by data is 
transportation. Ride hailing companies use weather and demand data for pricing, mapping 
data for routing, and geolocation data for planning. Autonomous car companies use sensors 
and software to detect pedestrians and vehicles. Most navigation apps wouldn’t exist if 
it wasn’t for open data. With every new feature, a developer has to consider if it is worth 
to develop the underlying technology in-house, or if it makes more sense to use external 
building blocks. APIs are the most common form of these building blocks. However, poor 
documentation, low-quality support, and unreliable performance often result in frustration 
and inefficiency.

L A C K  O F  T R U S T

Most companies believe that information is a valuable commodity, and one worth hoarding: 
the more we have of it, the more we can learn from it, and make changes that will drive 
business success. This mentality demonstrates a lack of trust and limits progress for all 
involved. When sharing data, it makes a difference if it is used for commercial or personal 
ends, public or private ends, or if there is any exposure to misconduct. Lack of trust and fear 
of competition are the main reasons why companies decide to remain non-transparent and 
closed when it comes to data.

N O N - C O M P A T I B L E  D A T A                

Data doesn’t have inherent value. In essence, data is a combination of 1’s and 0’s. Value 
is the desired outcome. The number one barrier to making data useful is inconsistency, 
both through output and documentation. Imagine a world with connected cars and trains, 
information-sharing infrastructure and traffic lights, and IoT enabled smart cities. This data 
is built on different platforms, using varying protocols and following local regulations. Smart 
cities and movement therein is a fast growing sector with increasing complexity. Data and 
corresponding services are currently disparate, non-formalised and complex for developers 
and businesses to share and consume. 

THERE IS AN URGENT NEED FOR 
PRACTICAL USES OF BLOCKCHAIN 
TECHNOLOGY TO BRING IT TO THE 
MASSES.



14

N O N - U N I F O R M  Q U A L I T Y 

Deciding which API to use matters; an application is only as strong as its weakest API. Key 
criteria for API evaluation are documentation, reliability, performance, and support. Firstly, 
documentation serves for developers to understand the use case and API integration. 
However, API documentation has many pressure points: organisation, design, versioning, 
consistency, and much more. Writing good documentation is non-trivial task, and more 
often than not poorly executed. Secondly, API performance is denoted by latency, uptime, 
and robust SLA’s, not to mention undocumented facets like payload and quality. Across the 
board, API performance varies widely. Lastly, depending on investment at publisher level, 
developer support is generally limited - a real problem when troubleshooting or evaluating 
whether an API is fit for your needs. 

4. DOVU USE CASES

The DOV token can be used within the DOVU API Marketplace, or in mobility related 
services outside the DOVU marketplace. The latter category covers a broad spectrum, 
ranging from being used as a currency to enabling  new decentralised business models. 
The open source DOVU Protocol provides the necessary tools to build dApps using 
the DOVU blockchain platform, unlocking benefits such as Smart Contracts, secure/
trusted transactions, conditional reward systems, micropayments, and novel alternatives to 
standard authorisation in all kinds of mobility services.

DOVU API MARKETPLACE

T R U S T  &  S M A R T  C O N T R A C T S

As a data owner or provider you want to know who uses your data, what is it  being used for, 
and if you are rewarded for the value you provide. By using blockchain to map virtual identities, 
you can create a trusted community of users. Simply stated, for REST API’s you need a 
security guarantee, such as the DOV token. Smart Contracts further enforce business rules. 
For example, if the data is used for commercial ends, group-A conditions apply, but if data 
is used for non-commercial ends group-B requirements come into effect. Smart contracts 
add an additional layer of privacy by tokenizing recorded data and personal information. 
This personal information could be encrypted and viewable only by parties that have either 
the legal right to do so or are being participants of the transactions. The immutability of 
data further prevents fraud. In the near-future blockchain gives near-real-time insight into 
where and how data is being used. The transparency of realised value combined with micro-
payments opens opportunities for granular value-based pricing of data.



15

A P I  M A N A G E M E N T  &  D E V E L O P E R  B E N E F I T S

DOVU’s API Marketplace helps API consumers to discover, test, evaluate and combine APIs 
with ease. In rapidly transient and often distributed teams it becomes challenging and costly 
to manage and maintain API use across projects. It only takes one lapsed or unmanaged API 
integration to take your entire application down or land you with an unexpected bill. DOVU’s 
API management tools let you keep all your integrations in one place allowing you to mix and 
match APIs similar to Lego blocks, further increasing data value and utility. For example, you 
could mash connected car data with insurance data to calculate smarter policies, or mash air 
quality data with weather data to advise when to play sports outside. Creating projects, adding 
and authenticating API’s takes seconds, and harmonising endpoint naming conventions lets 

DECIDING WHICH API TO USE 
MATTERS; AN APPLICATION IS ONLY 
AS STRONG AS ITS WEAKEST API.



16

developers combine disparate APIs in minutes rather than hours. DOVU automatically 
generates integration snippets for all popular languages, significantly accelerating speed to 
market, reducing cost and time to onboard new developers. Most importantly, our abstraction 
layer allows developers to focus on creating core value over time-consuming integrations.

The API is integrated upfront so all the user has to do is generate their own API key and plug 
it in to use the API via DOVU. Transparency is key, therefore all billing, performance and 
project management details are stored in the developer dashboard.  

DOVU helps data providers with onboarding onto the platform, integrating and documenting 
their API’s.

Q U A L I T Y  &  T O K E N S

The ability to earn DOV tokens will have a profound effect on the quality of the ecosystem. 
Introducing tokens aligns incentives of participants to continuously improve the quality of the 
platform. Participating in value-adding activities, such as adding APIs, improving or reviewing 
documentation, testing APIs or answering community questions are rewarded with tokens. 
This does not only reward early adopters but incentivises all active community members, may 
they be API providers or API consumers.

All APIs are rigorously tested for quality and consistently documented before being 
listed. Next to each API its corresponding DOVU score is displayed. The DOVU score is 
completely transparent, composed of automated tests tailored to community priorities. The 
DOVU score is just one component of safeguarding quality on the platform. Standardised 
Swagger-based configuration and documentation reduces the learning curve when 
assessing which API to use. Furthermore, expert-support is conducted by developers, for 
developers.



17

T R A N S P O R T  &  M O B I L I T Y  D A T A

Transport data is well suited to mash with related APIs. There are many types of transport 
data. Three obvious categories are: mode (e.g. cars), infrastructure (e.g. roads), and context 
(e.g. weather). The biggest mobility companies are already identifying and using cross-
functional use cases for this data. Leading mapping companies link geolocation data to 
location, mapping data to navigation, congestion data to optimisation, and parking data to 
destinations. Transport apps combine public transport data with mapping data on a granular 
level, all the way down to tube exits. Local governments use congestion data, accident data, 
and infrastructure data to inform urban planning decisions and infrastructure investment.

Use cases extend beyond transport. Congestion data is not only relevant for governments, 
but also for advertisers when deciding where to place billboards. Footfall and accessibility 
data will be important for real estate and pop-ups. Data science offers further opportunities. 
If five cars have their windshield wipers on within a square mile, it is raining. This information 
can be used to map micro climates, forecast traffic jams, or optimise utilisation of public 
transport. Connected cars are the gateway to hyperlocal data opening up all kinds of new 
use cases. After all, what’s the point of a connected car if you have nothing to connect it to?



18

ENABLING MOBILITY TRANSACTIONS
 
The DOV token creates a digital economy for transport for the next generation. Every 
mobility related application that transacts monetary value can benefit from blockchain based 
currency. Using the DOV token unlocks benefits such as trust (Smart Contracts), flexibility 
(micropayments), and security (authorisation). Vehicle usage will evolve and offer new 
opportunities for ownership. Imagine flexible leasing on a daily or minute rate, with up-front 
authentication, built-in insurance and value-based pricing. Or offsetting your fuel/charging 
costs by sharing your data and getting rewarded with free/discounted fuel or servicing. Ride 
sharing and car-pooling suddenly becomes an opportunity for income generation. Terms 
and conditions are agreed and legally enforcing from point of transaction, diminishing the 
need for administrative paper work and optimising asset utilisation. In the not too distant 
future, autonomous cars cannot only drive themselves, but also pay for themselves. When a 
passenger enters the car, the car calculates the cost associated with the trip and determines 
value-based pricing accordingly. Insurance policy is flexible based on actual activity, and 
payment is invisible and instantaneous. 

POWERING DECENTRALISED BUSINESS MODELS

Taking the Mobility as a Service analogy further, the blockchain makes decentralisation 
possible. The DOV token empowers vehicle owners to monetize their assets by selling 
rides, cargo space or even the use of the vehicle itself. The blockchain can store data about 
the vehicle’s usage and information about vehicle owners, drivers and passengers. This 
profile information can help validate a Smart Contract between two parties plus manage 
payment of services between them without need of a financial intermediary, thereby saving 
transaction surcharges. The system may also provide connectivity to vehicle functions for 
remote locking/unlocking doors and engine startup/shut off. In fact, you can decentralise 
most business models in mobility.

THE DOVU TOKEN CREATES A 
DIGITAL ECONOMY FOR TRANSPORT 
FOR THE NEXT GENERATION.



19

5. TEAM

C O R E  T E A M

DOVU is lead by a strong and highly experienced team, who have started, grown and exited 
technology companies with similar complexity. 

Irfon Watkins
Founder, CEO
A serial entrepreneur, Irfon has founded and sold companies across the API spectrum. 
Before founding DOVU he was founder and CEO of Coull, a programmatic video advertising 
company processing over 15 billion requests a month from over 118 countries. With over 20 
years experience as an executive, Irfon has  a strong background in starting and growing 
businesses at global scale.
 
Arwen Smit
Co-founder, CMO 
Co-founded DOVU after working as entrepreneur-in-residence at InMotion, the 
accelerator of Jaguar Land Rover. Active in the technology scene in Europe, Arwen has 
worked on the business side of technology companies in various roles. She worked as Head of 
Growth at a digital agency, as Supervisory Board Member at AIESEC International to advise 
on technology strategy, as Mentor at Virgin StartUp advising on business models, and held 
project management roles on strategic projects at Facebook and Google. She has a Bsc from 
the Rotterdam School of Management and Msc from Stockholm School of Economics.

Krasina Mileva
Co-founder, COO & Legal Counsel
Register European lawyer with over 11 years of experience in Contract and Commercial 
Law. Krasina has headed an international legal department in a law firm, having to deal with 
various civil and international matters. Then she became a sole-practitioner, focused mainly 
in Contract, Commercial and Company Law, whilst co-founding a construction business in 
Belgium. As Head of Legal at a million dollar ad-tech company she discovered her passion 
around Data protection, Privacy and Smart legal agreements. Being part of the Company 
Secretariat team in Associated British Ports gave her an additional layer of Corporate 
Governance expertise. 



20

Alex Morris
Head of Product
Multi-disciplined product designer and UX specialist with over 20 years experience working 
in the software industry, scaling products and tools to serve millions of users. Extensive 
experience creating desktop and mobile software, campaigns, services and tools for clients 
including Adobe, Intel, Microsoft, ESPN/Disney, CERN, Red Bull Racing, Mercedes, 
Renault,  Al Jazeera, the NHS and GSK. Most recently lead design for the UK Government’s 
digital transformation of the national Census. Obsessed with all things on wheels, Alex also 
contributed to industry leading cycling and motorsport magazines, wrote a book on Mountain 
Biking technique and also owned his own bike brand. 

Tom Holder
CTO
Working in software development since 1998, Tom has been involved in the development 
and delivery of hundreds of online applications, services and API’s. Co-founder of the digital 
agency SimpleWeb, he is well versed on both the technical and business side of things, has 
a strong focus on startups, and is well versed in blockchain technology. His focus is project 
analysis and requirements engineering, systems architecture review and analysis, database 
and ledger design and the development and scalability of distributed systems. 

James Guest
Head of Blockchain Production
An experienced, versatile and motivational digital production specialist with a deep technical 
understanding of blockchain technology. James has been working in digital production for 
over 20 years delivering dozens of successful products, mobile apps, web technologies and 
desktop applications for a broad range of SME, corporate, government and non-profit 
organisations including BP, SUEZ, Google, Android, YouTube, Skype, Unilever, DTI, Lloyds 
and many more.



21

A D V I S O R Y  B O A R D 

Lars Klawitter
General Manager Rolls Royce Bespoke, Former Board of Directors Ethereum
Lars Klawitter has been in senior roles in the tech industry for more than 20 years. A Rolls 
Royce veteran since 2002, Lars was given the overall responsibility for the company’s newly 
established Bespoke division in 2010. After realizing a growth of over 800%, his role as 
head of Bespoke was expanded to include the company’s digital strategy and the connected 
car project in early 2016. Besides his role at Rolls-Royce, Lars has been an angel investor 
and non executive board member. He served as a director of the Ethereum Foundation 
during the launch of the platform in 2015 and is a member of the advisory board of 4G 
Capital, a Fintech company in Kenya.

Rob Jones
Co-founder Fanduel
Serial entrepreneur and co-founder of Fanduel, the world’s largest one-day fantasy sports 
site worth over $1B. Strong experience in varied disciplines, including UI/UX, brand identity, 
native app design and community building.

Andrew Hodgson
Partner KPMG Corporate Finance
As well as over 10 years of experience in audit and transactions, Andrew has also 
undertaken a number of industry secondments, including acting as Group Treasurer to a 
major UK transport business and working in an international investment bank. Andrew has 
worked on a wide range of clients from Owner Managed Businesses to AIM and FTSE 
350, across a range of sectors. They include defence, retail, manufacturing, transport, 
professional partnership and utilities.

David Drake
Founder and Chairman LDJ Capital
Mr. Drake’s investments and private equity advisory at LDJ Capital currently has 50+ 
global directors and family office partners maintaining relations with institutions and family 
offices with $1.5 trillion in assets. Investments include Alibaba, Palantir, Lyft, N3N, Klarna, 
Dianrong, Truecaller, Crowdfunder, MagicLeap and DropBox. David represented the US 
Commerce Department at the EU Commission in Brussels and Rome in 2012 and was 
invited to the White House Champions of Change ceremony in Washington, D.C. and as 
a speaker at the UK Parliament in 2013. Born in Sweden and fluent in six languages, he 
holds an MBA in Finance and an MA in International Law and Economics from George 
Washington University in DC where he was awarded the Wallenberg Scholarship for 
academic merit.



22

S T R A T E G I C  P A R T N E R S 

Accounting Advisors  
KPMG 

Legal Advisors   
Ramparts

Blockchain Advisors  
TokenMarket

I N V E S T O R S

InMotion Ventures - Investment arm of Jaguar Land Rover
Creative England - Government-backed fund (United Kingdom)

6. TOKEN DISTRIBUTION EVENT

T O K E N  M A N A G E M E N T 

A finite amount of 1.2 billion tokens will be issued. Of these 1.2 billion tokens, 25% will be 
made available for the token sale. There will be a lock-in period of 2 years for any unsold 
tokens.

The token distribution event is capped at 85362 ETH. 
1 DOV = 0.00032001 ETH.
The minimum to participate in the pre-sale is 142 ETH.

Timetable 
24 August 2017:    Whitepaper published
4 September 2017, 17.00 UTC:  Pre-sale live
29 September 2017, 1700 UTC:   Pre-sale ends  
3 October 2017, 17.00 UTC:  Token sale live
17 October 2017, 17.00 UTC:  Token sale closes



23

T O K E N  D I S T R I B U T I O N  O V E R V I E W

• 25% of the DOV Tokens (0.30B) will be made available to token sale participants (ITO).
• 35% of the DOV Tokens (0.42B) will be allocated to an user growth fund. Earned tokens, 

by contributing the quality of the ecosystem, will originate from this fund. DOV Tokens 
received as a reward can only be used within the DOVU ecosystem for value added 
services. Any unused DOV Tokens after 6 months will be sent back to the user growth 
fund which can then be used for new users. 

• 15% of the DOV Tokens (0.18B) will be allocated to advisors, founders, and management 
to help build the team. Team members vest for tokens in four installments of six months 
each.

• 25% of the tokens (0.3B) will be held in reserve. The reserve is subject to a two-year 
lock-down period.

0.5% of the token sale (1.5 million tokens) will be allocated to the Bounty program. 

The bonus structure for the public token sale will be based on three tiers. Conditions for these 
three tiers will be announced when the pre-sale closes on the 29th of September.
Tier 1: 10% discount
Tier 2: 3% discount
Tier 3: Announced token price

User growth fund

35%

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

25%

15%

25%

ITO Team Reserves



24

U S E  O F  F U N D S

Proceeds of the Token sale will be used to develop the protocol and accelerate the network 
effect of our token distribution, through strategic partnerships. Marketing and business 
development efforts will drive further adoption of our protocol. 

Financially supporting data providers and developers building on our platform will be one of 
our cornerstone strategies post our token sale.

Working capital Marketing & Customer Development Operations

Infrastructure DOVU development

20%

5%

5%

15%
55%

USE OF FUNDS



25

R O A D M A P

DOVU is already well on its way to bringing its vision to the market. Development is on 
track to bring our MVP to private alpha during Q4 2017 with a view to onboarding and 
documenting a significant number of API’s ready for initial launch.

DOVU IS ALREADY WELL ON 
ITS WAY TO BRINGING ITS 
VISION TO THE MARKET.


