













































WHITEPAPER

e-Chat
ver. 2.0.2



Table of Contents

2
page

1. Problems and Solutions 

2. Features and Benefits

3. Architecture and Technology  

4. Market Analysis and Reasoning 

5. Marketing Plan 

6. Affiliate Program

7. Benefits for ECHT Token Holders 

8. Roadmap 

9. Project Team 

10. Public Sale 

11. Contacts



3
page

1. Problems and Solutions 
To date, messengers are among the most common applications. This is 
facilitated by the widespread dissemination of smartphones and Internet 
access. With every passing day, more and more messengers are appearing on 
the market. Each messenger has its own audience, and as a result, it is necessary 
to install dozens of applications in the smartphone to communicate with 
friends.

Such a variety of messengers is due to the fact that at some point, commercial 
organizations were able to offer much more attractive communication solutions 
than existing open standards (for example, SMS).
Developers and owners of numerous commercial messengers put commercial 
gains in first place, and factors such as anonymity and confidentiality of users 
are of secondary importance. In most cases, commercial messengers have a 
number of drawbacks:

Centralized management. 
All correspondence goes through the server of the company owning the 
messenger, and the company can dictate its rules: block messages on a 
certain subject or prohibit the transfer of certain files. The company may 
also be subject to government pressure, and may be asked to disclose users’ 
correspondence or to impose certain restrictions upon their request.
 
Centralized architecture. 
This problem is due to the presence of a single point of failure. On the one 
hand, it allows to block access to a certain service for the whole country. On 
the other hand, technical problems on the management servers may lead to 
unavailability of the service for all or a significant part of users.

No end-to-end encryption. 
This mechanism could guarantee complete confidentiality of data all the way 
from the sender to the recipient. In other cases, the data can be opened on the 
server through which communication is performed.

Problems and Solutions



Connection of phone number. 
The mandatory requirement of binding a phone number, email or account from 
another system does not allow anonymous correspondence. And the stored 
data on user accounts on messenger servers often become the target of hacker 
attacks. Hackers use this intercepted data for resale or blackmail.

To solve these problems, e-Chat team is developing a multifunctional 
messenger, the architecture thereof is based on P2P communication, 
distributed data storage in IPFS and end-to-end encryption. The solution, based 
on a combination of these technologies, is consistent with the principles of 
decentralization, confidentiality and resistance to attacks.

Problems and Solutions

4
page



2. Features and Benefits
e-Chat is a multifunctional decentralized messenger including the features of a 
classic messenger and multi-currency crypto-wallet.

An alpha version of the e-Chat application is already available in Google Play and 
the App Store. A lot of goals have already been realized, but even more still has 
to be done. Our goal is to create an app for communication in a network that 
will not depend on servers and will not be affected by government structures. 
The application, which combines a high level of privacy and security of user data 
with the most convenient functionality.

E-Chat Features

• individual and group text chats,
• audio calls,
• video calls,
• live broadcasts,
• information channels,
• paid channels,
• cryptolikes,
• cryptocurrency transfers between users,
• cryptocurrency micropayments via offline solutions,
• issue and connection to a payment card account,
• ECHT token conversion into fiat money.

e-Chat functional advantages

Possibility of anonymous communication. 
Registration of a classic account in e-Chat is not mandatory, in order to start 
communication it is only necessary to provide another person with your ID 
generated by the application during installation.

A communication channel for your business. 
e-Chat provides an opportunity to create an information channel for your 
brand that will promptly inform your customers about the company’s news and 
promotions, as well as conduct interactive promotions, including remuneration 
in ECHT for certain activities.

Features and Benefits

5
page

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wocai.echat&hl=en
https://itunes.apple.com/ru/app/e-chat/id1218095272?l=en&mt=8


Monetization of author’s content.
e-Chat allows you to create channels with subscription-based access with 
payment in ECHT. This function is in demand for authors of master classes and 
training courses. e-Chat provides a full-fledged mechanism for communicating 
with subscribers (a channel for publishing materials, webcasts, group and 
individual chat rooms) and a convenient way to accept payment for tuition.

Rewards for popular content. 
e-Chat provides all users with the opportunity to give remuneration for 
interesting content by «cryptolike», thereby sending a certain amount of 
ECHT to the author. «Cryptolikes» encourage authors to add new interesting 
materials.

Free use. 
All the main functions of e-Chat are absolutely free. Payment is charged only for 
additional opportunities associated with infrastructure costs (data storage on 
IPFS nodes for more than 30 days) and access to the copyright content of other 
users.

Built-in lightweight cryptocurrency wallets.
E-Chat users will be able to transfer and store BTC, Ethereum, ECHT and any 
ERC20-compatible tokens. A lightweight wallet allows you to keep full control 
over private keys, but it eliminates the need to load a complete chain of blocks, 
the size of which can be tens of gigabytes.

Micropayments support.
With the spread of offline technologies (Raiden Network, Liquidity 
Network, etc.), the e-Chat team plans to implement micro payments in 
order to reduce transaction commissions in the blockchain.

Transactions in internal currency (ECHT) with zero commissions.
For public accounts, there is a possibility of a two-way conversion of ECHT 
tokens into the internal ECHT currency. Transfers and payments made in ECHT 
internal currency, are conducted without commissions, as they do not require 
the payment of transactions commissions in the Ethereum blockchain.

Features and Benefits

6
page



e-Chat Technical Advantages

Decentralized architecture. 
e-Chat architecture is developed on the basis of P2P communication without 
the participation of servers, distributed data storage in IPFS and end-to-end 
encryption. 

Application of smart contracts. 
Payment for advanced functions, access to copyright content, payment for 
«cryptolikes» in e-Chat are carried out via smart contracts on the Ethereum 
platform. 

Security. 
The use of asymmetric end-to-end encryption and P2P connections 
between e-Chat applications eliminates the possibility of intercepting user 
correspondence.

Anonymity. 
To identify e-Chat users, an ID generated on the application side is used, this 
ID is stored only in the e-Chat application and is known only to those people  
whom you passed it.

Confidentiality. 
The absence of servers that store user correspondence excludes the disclosure 
of this information at the request of government agencies or as a result of 
hacker attacks.

Protection against wiretapping. 
The network connection between the interlocutors is established directly 
outside the server, and all the transmitted data is encrypted. This technical 
solution excludes the possibility of «wiretapping» and interception of text 
messages.

Protection against blocking. 
Using P2P connections for communication and the DHT mechanism to 
determine the IP address and TCP / UDP ports of the interlocutor exclude the 
technical possibility of administrative blocking of e-Chat operation.

Features and Benefits

7
page



Absence of single point of failure. 
e-Chat doesn’t use the server to exchange messages, as well as make audio and 
video calls, therefore, there is no central link, the malfunction of which could 
lead to unavailability of the service.

Secure storage of correspondence. 
e-Chat users have the option of storing correspondence in IPFS. All user data is 
stored in an encrypted form. Data security is provided by duplicating data on 
multiple nodes.

Cross-platform versions. 
Versions of the e-Chat application are developed for all popular platforms.

Optimization. 
Thanks to careful optimization and code refactoring, the e-Chat application 
will not occupy much space in the device memory, and the use of hardware 
encryption will save battery power.

Features and Benefits

8
page



3. Architecture and Technology 
 
The transfer of messages in classic messengers is carried out according to 

the principle «client-server-client»:

This technology undoubtedly has its advantages: quick search of users on a 
single database, storage of correspondence and synchronization between 
all devices of one user, service for transfer and storage of files, quick 
connection even if clients work through NAT.

But in certain cases, the pros become cons. The storage of correspondence 
and data about users on the servers of the service jeopardize the 
confidentiality of this data. Data and correspondence can reach third 
parties as a result of server hacking, can be disclosed by the owners of the 
service at the request of government agencies or special services, and can 
simply be available to the employees of the service.

Architecture and Technology 

9
page



Another drawback of this architecture is a single point of failure - the 
server. If the server stops working for some reason, then the service also 
stops working.

The core of the e-Chat messenger is the concept of decentralized 
messaging. This concept lies in creating an instant messenger, which will 
ensure the anonymity of users, confidentiality of correspondence and the 
absence of a single point of failure.

Architecture and Technology 

10
page

IPFS

DHT

e-chat IPFS 
nodes

e-chat
trackers

e-chat
web portal

e-chat
application

e-chat
application

e-Chat
API

Ethereum
node

Bitcoin
node

Partner
bank

Payment
cards

USD / ECHT
conversion

transactions with 
ECHT and ERC20 

tokens / interaction 
with smart 
contracts

Encrypted channel for 
messages transmission, 

video and audio calls 
and commands

Public
account data conversion of tokens

and ECHT currency

Micropayments

Bitcoin
blockchain

Bitcoin
wallet

Ethereum
blockchain

Ethereum
wallet



11
page

E-Chat Application 

The e-Chat application is a decentralized messenger with a built-in 
lightweight purse for BTC, ETH, ECHT tokens and any other ERC20 
compatible tokens.

E-Chat Application, Messenger Functionality

e-Chat messenger embodies the concept of  peer-to-peer (P2P) 
interaction. In P2P networks, clients are connected for data transmission 
directly, outside the servers.

DHT

The main problem of P2P networks is the search for other network 
members (in our case, the search for interlocutors). To solve this problem, 
e-Chat will use the solution applied in Bittorrent - DHT (Distributed hash 
table).

DHT is a protocol allowing P2P network clients to find each other without 
using a tracker (a server that has information about IP and TCP / UDP ports 
at which a particular client is available). Customers with DHT support form 
a common DHT network and help each other find members of the network. 
To speed up the search for interlocutors, tracker servers (e-Chat trackers) 
can be used, their use increases the performance of the DHT network, but 
is not mandatory.

Each user is assigned a unique ID when installing the application. Also ID is 
assigned to each group chat. In order to start a conversation or join a chat, 
you need to know the ID of the person you intend to chat with / ID of a 
chat.

The assigned ID is used to search for an interlocutor via DHT. After 
determining IP addresses and TCP ports, an encrypted channel for data 
transfer is established between the interlocutors (persistent asymmetric 
end-to-end encryption is used). In the case of a chat, the channel is 
established between each pair of interlocutors.

Architecture and Technology 



12
page

The installed direct encrypted channel is used to:

• transmit text messages;
• make audio and video calls;
• send control messages between e-Chat applications of interlocutors, 

for example, the details of the transfer of files over IPFS;
• exchange additional public keys by means of which the e-Chat 

applications of the interlocutors will encrypt the transferred files 
and offline messages until the next connection (and, accordingly, 
the generation of a new key pair);

• coordinate special names (paths) in IPNS (IPFS subsystem for 
addressing dynamic content), which will publish offline messages 
until the next connection.

IPFS
IPFS (InterPlanetary File System) is used in e-Chat for the following 
purposes:

Exchanging files between users. 
The file to be sent is placed in IPFS, the recipient receives a link for 
downloading it from IPFS via the main direct encrypted connection. If 
necessary, the file can be encrypted.

Saving undelivered messages. 
P2P interaction is possible only if both users are online and a network 
connection is established between them. Taking into account that, for 
the purposes of decentralization, a server that cannot store undelivered 
messages for offline recipients, IPFS is used for this purpose. The message, 
which must be delivered offline to the interlocutor, is encrypted with a 
previously agreed key and placed in IPFS. The recipient, when exiting the 
network using the IPNS subsystem, verifies the receipt of offline messages 
according to the paths agreed in advance with each other in IPFS.

Permanent storage of correspondence. 
All correspondence is stored only in the e-Chat application. If you need to 
back up the correspondence or synchronize it on several devices, you need 
to use the corresponding option of the e-Chat application -in this case the 
correspondence will be encrypted and stored in IPFS for a given period and 
particular users.

Architecture and Technology 



13
page

e-Chat IPFS Nodes

e-Chat IPFS nodes are the nodes of the IPFS network, the task thereof is to 
ensure the long-term storage of data published by e-Chat users in IPFS. The 
peculiarity of IPFS is that the data published in IPFS is not replicated to other 
nodes automatically. A copy of the file on the other node appears when the 
node has downloaded this file, and from that moment the file will be available if 
at least one of the two nodes is available. The most popular files will have more 
copies. If the file was published by one node and the node is offline, then such 
file will be unavailable.

The specificity of files that users save in IPFS is that they have in most cases 
one sender and one recipient. Accordingly, if the sender is disconnected from 
the network, the recipient will not be able to download the file. To ensure 
data availability and security, IPFS nodes will be used, which will save the files 
downloaded to IPFS by e-Chat users to local storage, making them available 
regardless of the status of the file sender. Saving of data will be ensured by the 
fact that the same file will be downloaded by several nodes. Data security is 
provided by the encryption mechanism. Data is placed in IPFS in an encrypted 
form, and the keys for decryption are available only to the users to whom the 
data is intended, and are not stored centrally, which eliminates the possibility of 
intercepting data by intruders.

As the maintenance of the described nodes require significant resources, free 
storage of files will be provided for 30 days, and permanent data storage in 
exchange for ECHT tokens.

e-Chat API and e-Chat Web Portal

The application of user and chat identifiers described above provides complete 
anonymity of correspondence. However, e-Chat is not limited to the identifier 
mechanism, which involves the transmission of its identifier in an alternative 
way (for example, via email). To create public (searchable) accounts and 
public chats (channels), the e-Chat API is used. In your account settings, you 
can choose whether to be anonymous or public. In the latter case, account 
information will be stored by the e-Chat application on the server via the e-Chat 
API. A public account can be associated with a classic nickname, an
 email address will be available through the built-in search application. 

Architecture and Technology 



Registration of public accounts and access to them is also possible via the 
e-Chat web portal.

Regardless of whether the account is public or anonymous, the transmission 
of messages in any case is made between users directly in accordance with the 
algorithm described above without saving it to the server.

E-Chat Application, Wallet Functionality

The e-Chat application will contain a built-in lightweight wallet that will allow 
you to safely store and transfer BTC, ETH, ECHT tokens and any other ERC20 
compatible tokens.

Operations with cryptocurrencies and tokens will be available both between 
e-Chat users (by their ID or nickname) and with the native addresses of 
Ethereum and Bitcoin.

All operations will be performed by the application directly in the blockchain 
through JSON RPC interaction with the node of the corresponding blockchain, 
without the participation of intermediate servers and services. The node 
selection function, including local one, will be available. This solution will ensure 
the transparency and security of all payment transactions.

For those users who have gone through the identification procedure, it will be 
possible to issue a debit plastic card in a partner bank which the USD / ECHT / 
USD conversion will be available through the e-Chat application and the web 
portal.

Transfers of cryptocurrencies and tokens in the e-Chat application can be 
carried out in three modes:

Lightweight wallet mode.
The transaction is fixed directly in the blockchain and does not differ from 
the transfer through any other cryptocurrency wallet. This mode is the most 
transparent and reliable, but it will require blockchain transaction fees.

Architecture and Technology 

14
page



Micropayment mode. 
In this mode, off-line solutions will be used for transactions, such as Raiden 
Network and Liquidity Network, which implement the mechanism of payment 
channels between users, thereby minimizing the number of entries in the 
blockchain, and accordingly, transaction fees.

Internal currency mode. 
ECHT tokens can be converted to the internal ECHT currency and vice versa. 
All transactions in the local ECHT currency are made without commissions and 
are carried out via the e-Chat API. This is the least decentralized mode, but the 
considerable advantage of this mode is zero commissions.

Architecture and Technology 

15
page



4. Market Analysis and Reasoning
The mobile application market, and in particular, the messenger segment, is one 
of the fastest growing markets of the digital industry. Combining several large 
segments e-Chat claims to be one of the major driving forces in this field. For 
the analysis, the following segments were chosen in which e-Chat claims to take 
its place:
 

• common market for mobile applications,
• the market for mobile instant messengers,
• voice communications market using mobile messengers.

 
Below, we present the values   of the main analyzed value in recent years with 
growth prospects. Provided that e-Chat will take 2-3% of total share, the 
company’s capitalization will exceed $3-5 billion within 1-2 years after the 
launch of the updated application.

1. The global market for mobile applications accounts for $166 billion in 2017

2. Number of messenger users in 2019 will reach 3.827 billion - half the world’s 
population.

Market Analysis and Reasoning

16
page



3. The number of mobile instant messengers’ users

Source: https://www.statista.com/statistics/483255/number-of-mobile-messaging-users-worldwide/

4. Comparison of voice traffic through messengers and standard cell phones

Source: to TeleGeography

Market Analysis and Reasoning

20162015201420132012201120102009200820072006200520040

100

200

300

400

500

600
-  Carrier Traffic
-  OTT Traffic

17
page

https://www.statista.com/statistics/483255/number-of-mobile-messaging-users-worldwide/


5. Comparison of the growth rates among the number of mobile instant 
messengers’ users yearly (2016 - 2021)

Source: https://www.statista.com/statistics/483287/change-of-mobile-messaging-users-worldwide/
 
The apparent decline in market capacity will reduce the annual growth of the 
number of users, but even in 2018 this value will remain double-digit

6. Increase in Viber instant messenger users (major regions: Asia and Eastern Europe), 
characterized solely by the availability of an audio / video calls

Source: https://www.statista.com/statistics/316414/viber-messenger-registered-users/

Market Analysis and Reasoning

18
page

https://www.statista.com/statistics/483287/change-of-mobile-messaging-users-worldwide/
https://www.statista.com/statistics/316414/viber-messenger-registered-users/


19
page

7. Increase in WeChat users - the most popular messenger in China 

8. The penetration of the most popular Chinese instant messenger WeChat with built-in 
capabilities to make payments, by age groups

Source: https://www.statista.com/statistics/509659/china-wechat-penetration-by-age/

Market Analysis and Reasoning

https://www.statista.com/statistics/509659/china-wechat-penetration-by-age/


9. The total cryptocurrency market volume  -> $180 billion.

Source: https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/

9.1. The volume of cryptocurrency daily trading  > $4.8 billion
 
10.  Number of active Bitcoin wallets> 11.5 million users. 65% of them use mobile 
applications as a main client

Source: the Cambridge University / First of Global Benchmarking Study Cryptocurrency.

Market Analysis and Reasoning

20
page

https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/


21
page

11. The number of confirmed transactions per day with TOP-3 world 
cryptocurrencies (Bitcoin, Etherium, Litecoin) exceeds 600 thousand 
transactions

Source: https://blockchain.info/ru/charts/n-transactions?timespan=1year

Source: https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/litecoin-transactions.html#1y

Source: https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/ethereum-transactions.html#1y

Market Analysis and Reasoning

https://blockchain.info/ru/charts/n-transactions?timespan=1year
https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/litecoin-transactions.html#1y
https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/ethereum-transactions.html#1y


12. Money Transfers Market - $ 580 billion (2016)

Source: http://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/migrationremittancesdiasporaissues/brief/migration-remittances-data

Money transfers market reaches the fantastic figure of $580 billion. Just 
imagine - about a half a trillion
 
13. Market of p2p transfers via mobile devices will reach $ 17 billion by 2019
 
14. The total market of mobile payments in 2019 will reach $1.1 trillion

Market Analysis and Reasoning

22
page

$ 500 Billion

$ 510 Billion

$ 520 Billion

$ 530 Billion

$ 540 Billion

$ 550 Billion

$ 560 Billion

$ 570 Billion

$ 580 Billion

$ 590 Billion

557

2013

579

2014

580

2016

http://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/migrationremittancesdiasporaissues/brief/migration-remittances-data


23
page

5.  Marketing Plan
 
The cost of the project’s marketing is one of the most significant items of 
expenditure. With well understanding and having huge experience in the field 
of promotion of mobile applications, we can calculate the entire budget and the 
effect of promoting our application with high accuracy.

To calculate the subsequent budget and the expected effect, let’s take the existing 
figures of the open messenger statistics:

2017 
Facebook Messenger - 1.14 billion users
The number of messages per day - over 10 billion
Average number of messages per day - 6.94

2017 
Kik - 15 million users
The number of messages per day - over 250 million
Average number of messages per day - 16

Marketing Plan



Channels and Tools

The goal of the marketing campaign is not just to convey information about 
the existence and benefits of the project, but create a community of people 
trusting all their communication within our application in the first place. In 
addition to the community of active users, there is a group of interested 
investors who have a unique opportunity to gain access to profit distribution.

The marketing campaign of the application includes the following, but not the 
final lines of activity. It is important to take into account that the overall success 
of the marketing campaign is built on the combination of various marketing 
tools, as well as their totality, without highlighting just one specific point. 
Our world has moved to the stage of making decisions on the basis of many 
touches, which convince the user to adopt one or another algorithm of actions, 
and cause an additional level of trust and involvement.

ASO (AppStoreOptimization)

This is a set of measures to optimize the application, namely: title, keywords, 
descriptions, in order to maximize the visibility of your application in search, 
localization.

 

Marketing Plan

24
page



25
page

Social networks (Facebook, Twitter, Weibo, etc.)

The ever-increasing role of social networks can play one of the important roles 
in the formation of our community, and the opportunities of the most targeted 
advertising attract our audience. Our goal is to be represented in the largest 
possible number of global and local social networks to be closer to our users 
and to hear them!

PR (materials, bloggers, reviews, press releases)

By having huge experience and a base of contacts in the sphere of high 
technologies, fintech, specialists, and media managers, we look forward to 
receiving reviews in the most prestigious publications devoted to technologies: 
techcrunch.com, variety.com, mashable.com, theverge.com, gizmodo.com, 
techrepublic.com, finance.yahoo.com/tech and others.
 
Vloggers

Thanks to the established contacts with popular vloggers on the topic of 
cryptocurrency, blockchain technology, as well as a referral system with fees 
for inviting users, we expect to receive more than 3,000 reviews during the first 
year of work after a crowdsale.

Video Ads (Facebook, Youku, YouTube)

One of the fastest growing formats of advertising. Many social networks give 
priority to video advertising, due to the cost of the final lead. Thanks to the 
format, it can be reduced several times. Especially for the preparation of a large 
number of materials, the team involves experienced production specialists, 
whose creativity you can already appreciate in our presentation video on the 
site.

CPI Network

The affiliate program is an integral part of the marketing plan and is able to 
bring a large number of installations and active users on conditionally foreign 
resources. Our goal is to attract at least 10 million installations within 1 year 
through partner networks for the rewards.

Marketing Plan 



Marketing Plan

26
page

Basic KPI Marketing Campaign

1. Using the application

• identification of demographic data
• the time of greatest user activity
• devices
• OS
• time of use
• cohort analysis

2. Lifetime Value
A proven metric for any marketing initiative is the lifetime value (LTV). LTV is the 
value of every mobile user. One of the key indicators, taking into account the likely 
time for user habituation to the application and learning the full functionality.

This indicator allows to calculate the exact value of each attracted user and 
predict the most accurate business model and budget. For a period of 1 year, our 
preliminary target is set at $ 3 per year. Thus, with the aggregate cost of attracting 
the user at a price less than 1 USD, taking into account other overhead costs, in less 
than 1 year. Investors can expect at least a twofold increase in dividend income, 
without taking into account the growth of the exchange rate, which will also be 
positively influenced by news about growth of the company and the project.

3. Retention Rate 
We strive to make use of the durable, so the whole series of add-ons in the 
Roadmap is designed to give the possibility for a significant increase in interest 
in the application along with every update of the application.

4. Active Users
One of the main achievements is the monthly increase in active users (MAU) or the 
daily increase in active users (DAU). For us, the DAU indicator is the most significant 
and it is important that the use of the application brings users pleasure. 

5. Duration of the Session
Duration of the session is one of the most important metrics that characterizes 
the user’s interest in the application. In this part, the functional of the future 
application has at least a few strong components to increase this indicator: 
the ability to make video calls (individual and group ones), the ability to record 
streaming video, and the content component.



27
page

Marketing Plan

6. Average revenue per user (ARPU)
Monetization of the application will by no means come to the fore, and 
the main component of the future monetization will be reduced to micro-
commissions for transactions of payments between users and exchange of 
cryptocurrencies, but our goal is to make the transaction capability so simple 
and convenient that e-Chat becomes one of the most used applications for 
making payments and transactions in the cryptocurrency, as well as fiat money.
The key metric of this point of marketing KPI is the increase in user activity in 
terms of making payments, and the corresponding increase in the ARPU.

7. Time to Start / Download the Application
We realize that time is crucial, and we are responsible for ensuring that our 
users download the e-Chat application as soon as possible. One of the key 
metrics in the development and promotion of the application will be the 
application download speed - less than 1 second, which is actually perceived by 
the human brain as an instant download.

8. User Acquisition
One way to acquire new users is to learn how existing users found the 
application, whether organic search, paid advertisements, referrals in the 
application or transferring the information to each other. People are attracted 
to different kinds of applications for various reasons, and it is useful to know 
the best way to reach your target audience.

9. User Experience / Satisfaction
Do people spend five minutes on actually extracting the value from your 
application, or are they trying to find the page they are looking for using the pages 
only when they are frustrated? Just because someone is using the application, 
it does not mean that they are enjoying the application. Of course, you can 
read reviews and ratings in application stores, but you can also use tools such as 
Helpshift and messaging in the application to get feedback on malfunctions, errors, 
and the user interface using this feedback to improve the user experience.

10. Geography of the Application
Worldwide.

11. Analytics
The basic principle of the work for our marketing team is to make decisions 
solely on the basis of figures, not based on subjective assumptions.



Affiliate Program

28
page

6. Affiliate Program
 
One of the main principles of the e-Chat team is mutual cooperation. We are 
constantly looking for new partners.

The one-level referral program is designed to attract users and provide the 
opportunity to earn internal tokens for active users of attracting referrals. The 
system provides not only a fixed fee for each active customer involved, but also 
a percentage of its payments and service revenue from commission fees. The 
referral program is provided both during the ICO and in the future, with the 
official launch of the updated messenger.

Referral program during the ICO. When registering on the site that collects 
echat.ico funds, a unique link is available in the user’s cabinet that is assigned 
to a specific user (hereinafter in this section - P1). This link can be distributed an 
unlimited number of times in completely different places. When clicking on this 
link and then registering with other users (hereinafter in this section - P2), P2 
becomes a referral in relation to P1. When investing a certain amount of money, 
P1 receives an additional 5% of the amount of P2 investment in your account. 
P2 can also participate in the affiliate program by inviting in e-Chat ICO P3, P4 
and so on. Thus, P1 will receive partner deductions from investment P2, and 
P2 will receive deductions from P3 and P4. All bonus coins accrued through the 
referral program are provided according to the token distribution plan.

In addition, we envisage the expansion of opportunities for the partner 
program and the most active participants:

• if the aggregate amount of investments of all referrals P2 is more than 
$50,000 in equivalent, then its referral deductions will increase from 5% 
to 7.5%;

• In the event that the amount of investments of all referrals P2 is more 
than $100,000 in equivalent, then its referral deductions will increase 
from 5% to 10%.

Here are just a few ways to use the referral program for referral 
deductions:

• Invite friends who wish to invest in e-Chat to participate in ICO;
• Make an overview of e-Chat ICO in your blog (in text / video or podcast 

format), additionally, in the description or in the text, specifying your 
own referral link;

• The publication of a referral link in their personal accounts in social 
networks;



29
page

• Publication of the link in specialized groups and forums dedicated to 
cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology (we are wary of spam, 
for this we recommend to publish links in a native format with a small 
description of e-Chat, and for the convenience of users, we have 
prepared several prepared materials that you can use);

• Run targeted or contextual advertising using your own referral link.

Thus, the e-Chat team will receive additional coverage among the loyal 
audience and additional inflow of investments, plus users will be able to 
increase their investments many times.

Affiliate program in e-Chat messenger
In the e-Chat application, the partner program will also be used. This function 
will be added to application Q1.2018 together with the release of its own 
token and adding it to the messenger. However, the affiliate program in the 
application has a different purpose. Its purpose is to acquaint users with the 
capabilities of the messenger, to reveal all its functionality.

When registering M1 in e-Chat, he can advise this application to his friend by 
providing his identification number. M2, downloading the application and 
completing the registration process, indicates the identification number of 
M1, who advised him to download a completely new decentralized multitask 
messenger e-Chat. After the registration is over, the M2 will receive three 
complimentary ECHTs that can be spent on any instant messenger capabilities. 
M1 receives an additional bonus of 1 ECHT for the invitation of a friend.

Thus, M1 has a motivation to add new loyal friends to the messenger, who, in 
turn, have the opportunity to make donates to it. And M2 has the opportunity 
to study e-Chat without additional restrictions, with the balance on the account.

Affiliate Program



7. Benefits for ECHT Cryptocurrency Holders
 
The above statistics, an active marketing strategy and an affiliate program 
create the prerequisites for a rapid growth in the number of users of the e-Chat 
messenger. With the increase in the number of users, there will be a growing 
demand for ECHT token, which is used in the messenger for the following 
purposes:

• payments for copyright content and access to paid channels;
• rewarding authors through «cryptolike»;
• payment for some e-Chat functions related to infrastructure costs.

The ECHT token issued in a limited amount on the basis of Ethereum platform 
and complies with the ERC20 standard. Support of this standard ensures 
compatibility and ease of integration of the token with different services 
(wallets, exchanges, etc.). The Ethereum platform completely supports the 
concept of decentralized applications thanks to built-in Solidity language for 
writing smart contracts that will be used to implement a number of functions in 
the e-Chat messenger.

After the ICO completion, the token will be listed on the largest crypto-
exchanges.

Thus, the liquidity of the ECHT token and growth in its value will be provided by 
the demand from the growing e-Chat audience and the possibility of trading on 
crypto-exchanges.

Benefits for ECHT Cryptocurrency Holders

30
page



31
page

8. Roadmap

Roadmap

Q4
2016

Q1
2017

Q2
2017

Q3
2017

Q4
2017

Q1
2018

Creating of the idea. 
Working on the concept and business plan.

Team forming. 
Start of the development of instant messenger e-Chat.

The release of the e-Chat messenger. 
Studying the feasibility of applying decentralized technologies for 
the further development of the application.

Preparation for the ICO. 
Creation of an information background aimed at attracting 
attention to e-Chat, forming a community, loyal image of the brand 
and crowdfunding. Continuation of the development of e-Chat: 
redesign, expansion of functionality.

Conducting pre-ICO and first rounds of ICO. 
Launch of an omnichannel marketing program and PR campaign to 
promote e-Chat ICO. Continued development of e-Chat: the introduction 
of support for P2P connections, the implementation of end-to-end 
encryption. Achieving an indicator of 50,000 application installations.

Conducting the final ICO rounds.
Listing of ECHT tokens on crypto-exchanges. Continuation of 
the e-Chat development: integration of the ECHT token, the 
implementation of the functionality of the cryptocurrency wallet.



Roadmap

32
page

Q2
2018

Q3 
2018

Q4 
2018

The launch of a massive marketing campaign. 
Continued development of e-Chat: implementation of paid channel 
functionality, integration of IPFS support. Achieve of 1,000,000 
application installations.

Continuation of the marketing campaign. 
Implementation of the possibility of issuing and binding payment cards 
to a user account. Continued development of e-Chat: implementation 
of streaming. Starting the development of e-Chat desktop version.

The release of the desktop version of e-Chat. 
Integration of e-Chat with off-line solutions and the introduction of 
micropayments. Continuation of the marketing campaign. Achieving 
an indicator of 50,000,000 mobile application installations.



33
page

9. Project Team

One of the main decisions of the development team is the refusal of 
publicity. This is done because our goals are much higher than obtaining 
public recognition and fame, the values   that become so desirable in capitalist 
society. In addition, e-Chat is an instant messenger that works independently 
of countries, borders, special services and any other circumstances. Therefore, 
we’re asking: if we can not provide our own anonymity, how can we provide this 
to users? Although this limitation does not affect the management of the team, 
this decision was made for the developers, since they are the easiest target for 
external pressure.

Project Team



10. Public Sale

The creation and issue of e-Chat coins is done through the ICO (Initial Coin 
Offering) in Q4 2017. The investment goal is $300 million.

This amount is justified by the fact that in 2017 the messenger market has 
3.5 billion users and all popular messengers have a common problem of 
monetization. e-Chat creates a new integrated model that allows users to 
use all the functions of the messenger for free and at the same time to earn 
money or make purchases. Thus, we create an infrastructure that allows us 
to effectively monetize the project. It includes sites for: communication, 
streaming, blogging, financial transactions, data transfer, telephony, integration 
of mobile games and applications.

Token Sale (distribution)

Token distribution phase #1 Pre-ICO
Start date: 16th of October 2017 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0)
End date: 15th of November 2017 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0)
e-Chat tokens distribution cap e-Chat (phase #1): 5,000,000 ECHT
Currency accepted: ETH, BTC, LTC, ZEC, BTS
Token exchange rate: 1 ECHT = 0.7 USD
Amount of tokens per one person: unlimited
Minimum transaction amount: $10
Maximum transaction amount: unlimited

Token distribution phase #2-8 ICO
Start date: 16th of November 2017 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0)
End date: 15th of February 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 
e-Chat tokens distribution cap (phase #2-8): 295,000,000 ECHT 
Currency accepted: ETH, BTC, LTC, DASH, ETC, BTH, BTG
Amount of tokens per one person: unlimited 
Minimum transaction amount: unlimited 
Maximum transaction amount: unlimited

Token distribution phase #2 ICO round 1
Start date: 16th of November 2017 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0)
End date: 15th of December 2017 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0)
Token exchange rate: 1 ECHT = 0.75 USD

Token distribution phase #3 ICO round 2
Start date: 16th of December 2017 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0)
End date: 30th of December 2017 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0)
Token exchange rate: 1 ECHT = 0.8 USD

Public Sale

34
page



35
page

Token distribution phase #4-8 ICO round 3 
Start date: 8th of January 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 

Token distribution phase #4 ICO round 3 
Start date: 8th of January 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 
End date: 15th of January 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 
Token exchange rate: 1 ECHT = 1.05 USD

Token distribution phase #5 ICO round 3 
Start date: 16th of January 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 
End date: 21th of January 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 
Token exchange rate: 1 ECHT = 1.125 USD

Token distribution phase #6 ICO round 3 
Start date: 22th of January 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 
End date: 31th of January 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 
Token exchange rate: 1 ECHT = 1.2 USD

Token distribution phase #7 ICO round 3 
Start date: 1st of January 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 
End date: 8th of February 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 
Token exchange rate: 1 ECHT = 1.275 USD

Token distribution phase #8 ICO round 3 
Start date: 9th of February 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 
End date: 15th of February 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 
Token exchange rate: 1 ECHT = 1.35 USD

Token distribution phase #9 ICO round 3 
Start date: 16th of February 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 
End date: 1st of March 2018 (12:00 PM London Time, GMT-0) 
Token exchange rate: 1 ECHT = 1.425 USD

Use of funds
• 30% - Development
• 48% - Marketing & PR
• 10% - Reserve Fund
• 12% - Founders

The distribution of tokens
• 92% - Token Sale
• 7% - Referral Program
• 1% - Bounty Campaign

Public Sale



36
page

11. Contacts 
E-CHAT INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

Registered in Hong Kong, 4th October, 2016 with Company Registration 
Number 2434664.

Address:
Unit 25A, Wing Hing Commercial Building, 139 Wing Lok Street, Sheung 
Wan, Hong Kong

Call Us:

+8 (528) 009-06441 - Hong Kong

Contacts



e-Chat


