













































Buff88 - A Decentralized eSports Betting Platform

powered by  

Ver.3: content subject to change

eGold - eSports Betting 
Cryptocurrency 



2

TABLE OF CONTENTS PASSION FOR BETTING 

AROUND THE WORLD 

Since the dawn of time people believe that achievements and 

success are based for the most part on skills. In truth, there 

is always a little bit of luck involved. This dichotomy and 

infatuation between skill/strategy and luck has manifested 

itself time and time again, fueling mankind’s passion for 

betting.

The passion for betting can be found in every corner of the 

world  throughout history. For example, in Ancient times the 

Romans would bet on horse races and across the world, the 

Chinese would do the same. In “the Records of the Grand 

Historian” (written 94 BC) there is an anecdote named “Tian 

Ji’s racing horses” - Tian Ji wins a two out of three horse-

race against the King of Qi following the advice of his friend 

Sun Bin. The advice was as follows: 

 • to match his best horse against the king’s second-best 

horse

 • his second-best horse against the king’s 

 • his worst horse against the king’s best horse.

Winning was so important because bets were placed on 

different outcomes of the race.

And betting is just as popular today. The classic Western 

generation prefers betting on cards and domino based games, 

while the classic Chinese gamblers prefer betting on Mahjong 

(a tile-based game of skill, strategy, and calculation, involving 

a degree of chance). 

In reality, there are numerous parallels between the East 

and the West, especially when it comes to the current 

generations X, Y, Z. Thanks to modern technology and the 

new communication revolution that is the Internet there are 

no borders and the cultures and communities are merging. 

Everyone around the world can watch the same tournaments 

simultaneously, cheering for their favorite team and players, 

feeling the adrenaline of winning together with them. It’s 

no longer about the East or the West , or specific culture or 

play styles because the new technologies connect us all and 

enable everyone to share their passion for betting.

Foreword 

Passion for betting around the world          

1 Introduction

What is the eSports ecosystem? How different 

is it compared to traditional sports?

The audience

eSports betting 

Why UltraPlay eSports?

2. Project overview

3. Market opportunity & use-cases

4. Roadmap

Level 1 - Rookie 

Level 2 - Hero 

Level 3 - MVP

5. Technical specifications -               

operation flow

6. Token sale details

7. Tokens fund allocation

8. About us

Team 

Advisors 

Partnering Organizations

9. FAQ 

What is eGold? 

Why? 

Where will eGold be integrated?

2

3

4

4

5

5

7

9

11

12

13

14

15

15

11

17

11

17

11

18

18

18

18



3

The eSports professionals, enthusiasts, and 

admirers hold the great potential to form a 

strong and united international community 

in order to enrich and further develop the 

eSports scene on a global scale. 

Interest in eSports is constantly growing.

 • In 2016, over 4000 eSports tournaments 
were organized (not including online)

 • In 2017, this number is expected to grow to 
5500.

 • The estimated core audience is 148 million 
and growing

 • With an additional casual audience of 125 
million viewers

Due to the large audience that follows or 

is involved in eSports competitions, many 

companies have started to recognize the 

power of this audience by becoming advertis-

ers and sponsors of teams. Some even have 

developed their own organizations/startups in 

this industry, and more continue to join. 

Esports has also a solid and rapidly growing 

position within the Asian market, recording 

accelerated development and participa-

tion in competitive games and tournaments 

by growing fans. The eSports community in 

Asia is thriving – in terms of players, teams, 

and prize-pools including the development of 

some of the biggest tournaments in the world. 

The Asian Games, which are recognized by 

the International Olympic Committee, are 

billed as the world’s second largest multi-

sport event after the Olympics. It was also 

recently announced that eSports will be an 

official medal sport at the 2022 Asian Games 

in China, in the boldest step yet toward main-

stream recognition of eSports and competitive 

gaming as a sport. 

1.INTRODUCTION

eSports

With the rising popularity of video games and the growing number of fans following the virtual 

competitions and tournaments worldwide, eSports is becoming the hallmark sport for many gen-

erations to come. Now, eSports are viewed and played predominantly by the current generations 

(Y and Millennials, also known as the Z Generation). Considered as one of the largest generation 

groups in history, Millennials are transitioning into their prime spending years and are anticipated 

as the new audience which can restart the way business is done in many industries. Millennials 

grew up playing video games and this medium has become one of their main ways to socialize 

and build communities. 



4

The audience

Besides the fluid rules another specific trait 

of eSports consists of the audience itself. 

There is a larger technical aptitude to this 

audience because of the numerous mediums 

available to watch these matches via the 

Internet. Additionally, eSports are viewed and 

consumed by Generation Y and the Millennial 

(Z) generations. Their utilization of technology 

to enable this consumption has led to 

exponential growth in community building and 

development for this arena. 

It’s important to understand that their level 

of technical aptitude grows at a faster rate, 

due to the necessities of being able to handle 

the software and/or hardware to play these 

games, watch these games, and communicate 

within the community. 

It expands further away from the 

competitions, as these generations are 

building e-communities through websites, 

VOIP systems, clans/guilds/groups, creating 

long distance friendships through the click of 

What is the eSports ecosystem? How different is it compared to 

traditional sports?
Esports presents numerous challenges, but along with those challenges, it offers even bigger 
rewards. Traditional sports have rigid rules, that can go back decades, if not centuries. In 
addition, they are now highly regulated with local and global government bodies, managing the 
rulings of said sports. In contrast, eSports is at its infancy stage, with a unique and unmatched 
integration of technology in it. Game developers roll out monthly revisions, patches, updates to 
game mechanics, that can change the playing field significantly, as well as the rules, to keep 
their competitive games fresh, clean and nurture fierce competitions amongst players. This 
allows for:

 • Games of pure skill 

 • Different approaches to becoming great at these games

 • Relatively low cost of entry and sustainable growth due to the nature of the medium  

 • Potential to outgrow traditional sports, as the rules, maps, mechanics, characters, and 
numerous variables, can change to create new strategies and tighter balance

Game Communities



5

a mouse button. The ecosystem enables for 

people with similar interests to quickly find 

one another and group up with them to share 

Video Games, eSports viewing and eSports 

competitions. 

It also fosters a community where generous 

amounts of information are shared, and these 

eSports fans understand their game, the stats 

behind it, the best players, items and their 

potential, strategies, etc. that continues to 

keep these communities together and expand. 

eSports betting 

eSports has become one of the most promis-

ing and challenging sectors of the iGaming 

industry worldwide. In comparison to tradi-

tional sports, eSports is a very dynamic and 

fast-developing sector, dedicated to answering 

the audience’s requirements for thrills, enter-

tainment and superb betting experiences. As 

alluded to earlier, it is mostly attracting the 

Millennials – one slice of the betting market 

which has always been of great interest to the 

gaming operators around the globe.

Having been at the forefront of this market 

for 7 years now, UltraPlay, the leading 

eSports betting data and platform provider 

has come to the idea of offering the next 

level of gaming and technology experience 

to all eSports punters around the globe. To 

achieve its mission, a carefully hand-picked 

team of some of UltraPlay’s most valuable 

professionals and partners, with in-depth 

knowledge and experience in eSports and 

cryptocurrency have decided to further 

contribute to the eSports betting scene via a 

new cryptocurrency. This new digital currency 

based on the Ethereum blockchain is called 

eGold and will be launched first onto our 

latest decentralized  social eSports betting 

platform - Buff88. 

Why UltraPlay eSports and its 

advanced betting solutions?

UltraPlay eSports holds exclusive betting data 

rights for nearly all eSports tournaments. In 

addition, the in-house team communicates 

with numerous organizations, having an 

advantage in provisioning live odds. The 

company’s advanced platform and expertise 

enables sportsbook organizations to step up 

to the next level of their iGaming experience. 

The software has proven itself over and over 

again, helping partners with an easy and 

flexible system to meet the ever-changing 

needs of the market. 

Traditional bookmaking in eSports is impos-

sible. With over 500 in-play variables for one 

match on some games, statistical and math-

ematical models fail to get the full picture. 

UltraPlay eSports creates a unique approach 

by combining traditional sportsbook tech-

niques with innovative digital game analysis. 

The company’s dedicated eSports traders team 

provides the widest eSports market coverage, 

including the popular game titles such as 

and many others. Additionally, UltraPlay covers 

the highest number of pre-match odds and 

unprecedented number of in-play markets. To 

put it into some figures, Ultraplay:  

 • Offers an eSports betting suite for 3000+ 
esports events per month

 • 1500+ in-play events

 • Live streaming of all tournaments with odds

 • Payment options and registrations tailored 
for the Millennial generation



6

We believe that our in-depth knowledge and 

experience within eSports, as well as our 

proprietary technologies, can advance the 

process for many operators who are looking to 

get in on the action and catch a piece of this 

new market quickly and easily. 

As one of the original companies to develop 

an eSports market, UltraPlay has the largest 

eSports trading team in terms of both size and 

competencies. 

UltraPlay has also released ODDS.gg  - a 

completely free eSports feed offering the 

following:

 • Prematch odds

 • Live odds

 • Video streaming of matches

ODDS.gg already is larger than most paid odds 

feeds on the market today, simply due to the 

fact of the number of events it needs to cover. 

Because of this, over the course of the first 

month of its release, more than 100 com-

panies integrated the ODDS.gg API into their 

platforms! 

In bookmaking, it is all about the numbers. 

The bigger the turnover you have, the better 

and more balanced your odds are, with the 

final outcome being they resemble more the 

market expectations. UltraPlay has become 

the dominant force and the industry standard 

for eSports odds. In the early autumn of 2016 

the company’s clients cumulative number of 

bets surpassed 250,000/month, with turnover 

in the millions, and growing 30% or higher 

per month. The company has 10,000,000+ 

eSports bets processed as of today.



7

2. PROJECT OVERVIEW

Cryptocurrencies are taking over the betting 

world where eSports is growing in significance 

at an exponential rate annually with its num-

ber of followers, fans and enthusiasts. Instant 

low-cost transactions are something that the 

betting world has needed for a very long time 

and cryptocurrencies will definitely improve 

that. Blending that with the high computer lit-

eracy of people involved in eSports makes the 

marriage between eSports betting and cryp-

tocurrencies a perfect match. Realizing this 

need, UltraPlay was one of the first provider 

to adopt bitcoins in the online gaming indus-

try, enabling iGaming operators ,who required 

the significant advantage of blockchain tech-

nology to provide it to their players for faster 

and more secure transactions.

We started this journey back in 2012, where 

we laid the foundations for Bitcoin and altcoin 

betting today. Our Bitcoin casino website, 

Bit777        ,offered this unique combination 

of the online casino with the security of 

cryptocurrencies as the payment methods. 

Our other cryptocurrency based betting 

website, Peerbet, also provided an interaction 

platform, raffles, a proprietary ‘wheel’ game, 

dice, and more. We took these successful 

products and sold them to be able to focus 

on providing the community opportunities for 

sports betting and eSports in general. We’ve 

kept to our roots regardless and ensured that 

all of our properties and developments include 

options for betting with Bitcoin and you can 

always see the “We Love Bitcoin” logo on all 

in-house and partner sites. We’ve taken it one 

step further and offered special preset options 

for users who choose Bitcoin as their account 

currency, i.e. registration initially requires only 

email, username and password.

With the evolution of Blockchain technology, 

we decided to set our goals higher to improve 

the way online betting is performed and 

perceived by the punters. New secure and 

faster ways are coming along with the mission 

to create a user friendly and exciting betting 

experience. This will embrace the cutting-

edge technologies of the cryptocurrency world.   

Our project’s visions and goals are based 

on years of practice as the leading eSports 

betting solutions company. We know from 

experience what is important to the users of 

our software solutions who are part gamer, 

part bettor, and part crypto enthusiast. We’re 

not fearful of the unknown or the untested. In 

fact we embrace it and will continue to do so. 

UltraPlay was the first to offer eSports betting, 

initially with CS:GO and DOTA 2. UltraPlay 

was also the first to present exotic bets tai-

lored for eSports (such as most kills, second 

map winner, first blood, number of headshots 

etc.) and most recently we were the first to 

make bets on Overwatch and King of Glory, as 

well as live betting on FIFA Interactive World 

Cup. 

Now there are two new roadblocks loom-

ing on the horizon. The lack of transparency 

and the insufficient security are currently the 

two major industry problems, but the eGold 

tokens are the ultimate solution for both of 

them. eGold is an Ethereum based ERC20 

token. As a crypto token, every transaction 

with it will be recorded on the blockchain, so 

anytime anywhere any customer can check 

them, which actively solves the transparency 

problem. 

On the other hand, the blockchain function-

ality ensures that each bet once placed is 

absolutely secured – it can’t be deleted, it 

can’t be declined, it can’t be limited, your 



8

stake is locked until the match is over and 

your profits will be automatically paid out 

thanks to the smart contracts. 

eGold mission



9

3. MARKET OPPORTUNITY & 
USE-CASES  

eGold is: 

 • Decentralized and automated 

 • Transparent and secured

 • Innovative payment method 

To truly illustrate the potential proposed 

here, we gladly present two use-cases for 

eGold that illustrate the huge present market 

opportunities. At its core, we envision eGold 

as a unifier of all the gaming and eSports 

communities worldwide. As a result, eGold 

will be integrated in our newest site buff88.

com as soon as it is available.

Following its mission to deliver innovative and 

advanced betting solutions, UltraPlay’s team 

of professionals once again sets its bar higher 

and aims to provide in the near future the 

first eSports betting platform, based on the 

Blockchain technology. This vision is expected 

to be reached through the constant support 

and the combined knowledge, experience and 

dedication of the eSports and crypto experts, 

enthusiasts and punters - all deeply involved 

and actively contributing to the global gaming 

and crypto community. Realizing the existing 

problems on the market right now - the lack 

of transparency and insufficient security, we 

are committed to working together with the 

whole community interested in our project 

for making a disruptive betting platform and 

step further into the online gaming world. 

Achieving the decentralized nature of our 

platform will make it the ultimate solution for 

all players looking for cutting-edge technology 

and pure entertainment - fast and easy. 

Nearly all of the eSports betting websites 

to date are still influenced by dated sports 

betting website user interfaces, experience, 

and design. Buff88 will be designed 

conceptually from the ground up around 

core ideas crucial for eSports specific 

characteristics. 

An open test version of the whole website 

will be available shortly before the crowd 

sale starts for all to start experiencing 

buff88.com first-hand along with its cutting-

edge performance and the eSport layout 

advantages. One example of what to expect: 

Buff88 will offer three unique and custom 

layout options  - Overview, Event view, and 

Multiview – for inplay matches and games. 

Once the token sale is over, eGold will fuel 

Buff88 as its internal currency, allowing 

users to deposit to, bet on, and withdraw 

from the website through smart contracts 

with eGold tokens only. In all of the three 

aforementioned operations you can only 

benefit from using eGold. And here’s how we 

aim to achieve our goals for a superior betting 

experience:

 • Blockchain betting – the idea and the goal 
we wish to achieve for the future, is to 

provide betting entirely based on block-

chain technology. The plan is to be able 

to accept bets via smart contract, which 

starts by accepting your bet, then locks the 

bet amount to prevent double spending, 

and finally automatically credits all of your 

winnings as soon as the match results are 

available, collected through various official 

sources.The house will match each bet and 

will allow much higher stakes than what 

can be accepted currently with the pool 

or peer to peer model.  No more declined 

or stuck bets, no more waiting for weeks 

to get your winnings, once you win a bet, 

your eGold winnings are added to your 

account balance.

 • Depositing – the amount deposited will 
instantly arrive in a user’s account and the 

transaction will be automatically added to 

http://buff88.com
http://buff88.com


10

the distributed ledger for optimal security. 

No more difficulties with payment solutions 

such as missing or delayed bank transfers. 

eGold will be ready to use at moment of 

deposit.

 • Withdrawing – the withdraw amount will 
be attributed to your eGold wallet amount 

immediately and you can transfer it to 

another site or you can exchange it for 

another (crypto) currency. No more with-

drawals pending with weeks at a time, 

no more withdraw amount limits or pay-

ment method restrictions. You just request 

a withdraw and the requested amount (if 

available) is automatically withdrawn.

With UltraPlay’s distribution network on the 

core and emerging online betting markets 

such as Europe, Asia, Africa, Latin America, 

eGold has the potential to become the first 

choice of cryptocurrency for the eSports bet-

ting community. 

The existing powerful network of clients, 

partners, and supporting organizations already 

established by UltraPlay is aiming to rein-

force the whole ecosystem with the disruptive 

nature of eGold. As a pioneer in the Bitcoin 

gambling market, UltraPlay has successfully 

built a solid positive reputation and has firm 

positioning on a global scale.

This makes us believe that our innovative 

ideas for the future of betting will encour-

age more online gaming operators to join the 

growing number of supporters and users of 

the Blockchain technology. 

We have also initiated and conducted 

research on the websites, using our Bitcoin 

betting solutions, in order to collect opinions 

on how eGold will be perceived among our 

wide database of players, how it is expected 

to evolve, what should be done by our team 

to improve the betting processes, and boost 

the idea of a new cryptocurrency dedicated 

to eSports betting. The research states 

that 30% of the respondents express their 

positive opinion on the new cryptocurrency 

and said that it has the potential to reach its 

mission and be used by them because of its 

disruptive nature. Players using Bitcoin already 

are experiencing the outstanding features 

of the cutting-edge technology and are 

willing to try its advanced alternative while 

betting. The idea behind eGold is to unite all 

gamers around the globe through Blockchain 

technology and this is the foundation of the 

respondents to express their overall support of 

the project.   

After the planned successful launch of the 

flagship website Buff88, we plan to bring 

eGold to UltraPlay’s clients’ network, currently 

consisting of more than 40 leading iGaming 

operators. Preliminary discussions with our 

clients already show promise, with them 

looking forward to faster, easier and more 

secure betting.

Our next goal is to spread the cutting-edge 

Blockchain technology of eGold to more 

online gaming platforms.

It’s evident that eGold has the potential to 

hit the ground running with this type of huge 

scale adoption in the gaming community. In 

the eSports and gaming communities word 

of mouth is crucial for a project’s success. 

So, combining speed and security eGold will 

quickly become seamless across borders. We 

will start the direct community involvement in 

the crowd sale with various bounty programs 

for content contributors, social media 

influencers and eSports streamers. 

To further promote wide-scale adoption, a 

user-friendly wallet interface after the end of 

the ICO will be introduced at egold.gg



11

4 ROADMAP



12

5 TECHNICAL OPERATION FLOW



13

6. TOKEN SALE DETAILS

The presale and crowdsale of eGold will fund 

its initial development and adoption. 

Participation in the crowdsale will only occur 

with ETH and BTC currency, and will happen 

through Ethereum smart contracts.

The eGold presale is set to start on February 

1st 2018. The amount sold in the presale will 

be 444,444 EGL (10% of the total amount of 

tokens for sale). The presale will offer 20% 

bonus and the price will be 1ETH= 1060EGL. 

The presale will end on February 8th 2018 

or immediately after the presale hard cap is 

reached– whichever of the conditions are met 

first.

The eGold token sale is set to start on 

February 18th, 2018. The token sale will end 

immediately after the hard cap is reached 

or on March 18th, 2018 – whichever of the 

conditions are met first. 

Hard cap: 5 000 ETH 

The regular price in the crowdsale is set to 

1ETH = 888 EGL. 

The first day of the eGold sale will be a 

POWER DAY, which offers 1ETH = 1020 EGL 

(15% bonus). 

After the first day is over, there is another 

price boost for the first week (the remaining 

six days of the first week), during this POWER 

WEEK 1ETH = 977 EGL (10% bonus). 

After the end of the power week until the end 

of the crowdsale, the price will be the regular 

price 1ETH = 888 eGold.

Token abbreviature: EGL 

After the end of the token sale when the 

tokens are listed on different exchanges, the 

index for them will be EGL. 

Tokens will be immediately transferrable after 

the crowdsale.

The total amount of tokens minted will be 

8,888,888 eGold.

50% of all tokens created will be sold in the 

eGold token sale 

6% of all tokens will be dedicated to the 

eGold team pool to ensure long-term 

Token Distribution



14

engagement with to the project

6% of all tokens will be dedicated to 

the eGold advisors to ensure long-term 

engagement with the project

12% of all tokens will be placed in cold 

storage as a contingency reserve

2% of all tokens will be set aside for the 

various activities in the eGold bounty program

11%  of all tokens are needed to cover our 

marketing budget

13%   of all tokens for the development 

budget 

 

7. TOKENS FUND ALLOCATION

The funds raised in the eGold sale will be 

held in a Gnosis multi-signature wallet for full 

security. The funds eGold raises during the 

crowdsale will be distributed according to the 

chart below:

20% Betting Reserve - In order to ensure the 

smooth betting process and truly unlimited 

bets in the initial stages we will need a large 

enough betting reserve in order to have suf-

ficient liquidity for the automatic pay out of 

all the winning bets.

30% Development - We need to acquire the 

best staff in order to guarantee the develop-

ment of the smart contracts for deposit and 

withdrawals. Afterwards, we will focus on 

expanding the integrated blockchain elements 

with the betting API. This is the bulk part 

of the funds to ensure that the right talents 

would be attracted to the project.

40% Marketing - In the initial stages of eGold, 

we need a substantial marketing budget in 

order to ensure mass adoption, large-cover-

age and brand recognition. Promoting eGold 

and promoting eSports go hand in hand, so 

our marketing efforts will be beneficial to the 

community from the start.

10% Team - The smallest portion of the funds 

will be for the team behind the eGold project.

To ensure full alignment of interests these 

funds will be vested with a six months cliff.

Tokens Fund Allocation



15

8. ABOUT US 

With its more than 7 years on the iGaming 

market, UltraPlay has been providing its 

innovative approach as offering a wide range 

of advanced betting solutions, focused on 

eSports, sports betting, casino, live betting and 

bitcoin solutions. UltraPlay has also been the 

first provider to adopt bitcoins in the gaming 

industry. 

Assembled by a team of iGaming professionals 

with vast experience in betting product 

development, operations, eSports and 

marketing, UltraPlay is a trusted partner for 

delivering superior sports software and odds 

products to its customers. 

Team

Dariy Margaritov,   
CEO 

Dariy launched UltraPlay 

in 2010 with the core 

ambition to make the 

company the world’s leading eSports betting 

data and platform provider. Nowadays, 

UltraPlay has climbed at the top of the eSports 

and sports betting world with the company’s 

numerous business achievements, wide 

partnership network, unrivaled eSports odds 

and advanced betting solutions. Driven by a 

deep understanding and enthusiasm of the 

cryptocurrency world, UltraPlay becomes the 

first to adopt bitcoins and offer this thrilling 

and cutting-edge betting option to the online 

gaming operators willing to provide next level 

of gaming entertainment to their users. 

Mario Ovcharov,   
Chief Commercial 
Officer 

From planning to 

developing and executing, 

Mario has a wide range of responsibilities and 

expertise covering sales management, new 

business development, product development 

and customer service offering UltraPlay’s 

business partners unrivaled eSports, sports 

betting and bitcoin solutions. In 2015 UltraPlay 

launched the first ever live betting on CS:GO 

in the world and Mario was the actual person 

that live traded the first match and shall 

remain in eSports history. Among other things, 

Mario has followed and advanced in the 

Blockchain and cryptocurrency world, being 

able to set eGold as the #1 choice for all 

eSports punters globally.  

Lyubomira Petrova, 
Chief Marketing 
Officer 

Combining experience 

in traditional PR, digital 

communications and marketing, Lyubomira 

determines strategies for reaching main public 

groups and audiences most effectively. With 

her insight of the gaming industry, Lyubomira 

has led the public communication of a 

number of gaming providers performing on an 

international level. As part of the UltraPlay’s 

team of eSports experts and Blockchain 

professionals, she will contribute to the 

company’s mission for building the biggest 

eSports community of punters worldwide 

through eGold and the innovative Blockchain 

technology.



16

Elena Biserkova, 
Global Community 
Manager 

Elena is fluent in German, 

French, English and Chi-

nese. With her bachelor’s degree in Chinese 

studies and year-long specialization in China, 

she has key insights into both Chinese and 

Asian market trends. Previously, Elena worked 

at a sports betting company – communicat-

ing closely with clients and regularly posting 

in Chinese social media (company blog man-

agement). She is excited to be a part of this 

project by combining her excellent language 

skills and her extreme passion for gaming in 

order to ultimately popularize eGold with the 

eSports fans worldwide.

Kamen Todorov, 
Technical Lead 

Kamen is a software 

developer with a 

profound crypto 

background. He is involved in the integration 

of Bitcoins to the wide business network of 

operators using UltraPlay’s software betting 

solutions. His proficiency in developing include 

ASP .net web API, Aspnet mvc, MSSQL, single 

page applications with Angularjs, Javascript, 

HTML, CSS. Besides programmer skills, he 

is also a good architect and tester. His work 

is outlined by the well-arranged architecture 

and the ability to always push himself towards 

more readability and organization of the code 

itself.

                                                                  

                                                  

Neli Kosturska,      
UI/UX Designer 

Neli holds a BA in Visual 

Arts and extensive 

experience in the 

world of UI/UX design as well as branding 

while working for several international 

companies. Working with design, advertising 

and marketing specialists strengthened 

her beliefs that graphic design is not only 

about beautiful ideas and creative thinking, 

but also a powerful instrument to create 

interactions and experiences that foster 

the long-term relationships with customers 

and communities. Neli is committed to 

contributing to the eSports betting community 

with her creative approach to eGold and 

Buff88 projects in order to achieve high-

quality user experience. 

Zhechko Vitchev, 
Front-End Developer 

Zhetchko is a web 

developer with 

more than 5 years 

of experience in the field of front-end 

development, wordpress development, web 

design and freelancing. He is front-end team 

leader at UltraPlay and has been part of 

several Bulgarian based companies which 

gave him solid ground as a programmer 

with lots of experience.Based on the various 

projects he has been part of, Zhetchko is 

now specialist in JS, Angular, React, jQuery, 

LESS, SASS, HTML 5 & CSS 3, SVG, PHP, Yii2, 

Laravel, Slim, XML, JSON, GIT, WordPress API 

and more.Zhetchko is a very positive person, 

easy to work with and always gives his best. 



17

Advisors

Ian Smith, 
eSports integrity 
commissioner at ESIC 

Ian is a UK lawyer with 

over 20 years’ experience 

in traditional sports, 

primarily in regulation and governance. 

His particular focus has always been the 

connection between the athlete and the rules 

and regulations that govern the athletes’ 

professional life. 

Gary Szlatiner, 
Gaming Advisor

Gary has nearly 

15 years’ worth of 

experience working for 

top companies within 

the iGaming, gaming, media, and eSports 

industries where he held senior marketing, 

sales, business development, and product 

roles.  One of his recent projects involved 

combining these still separate areas into one 

seamless offering.  He currently works within 

these industries with large partners globally.  

Roger Szlatiner, 
eSports Advisor

Roger has over a 

decade of US banking 

experience working for 

some of the top financial 

institutions based there. He has always 

had a focus on innovative products, having 

roles in operations, technology, sales, and 

product development. Recently, he developed 

a strategy and model  for operational 

efficiencies within the gaming and eSports 

industry. He currently works within these 

industries with large international partners. 

Richard Hogg,     
iGaming Advisor 

Richard Hogg has been 

involved in online gaming 

since 1999 when he was 

introduced to the industry 

whilst working in Hong Kong. In a career that 

has spanned across three decades and three 

continents, he has overseen the induction of 

many brands and products into various market 

places. 

Richard currently focuses on working with 

new and established betting and gaming 

entities from around the world including 

Europe, Asia and Africa. More recently he 

also become accustomed to working with 

those who are operating using Bitcoin as an 

operating currency.

Peter Ivanov,      
Trading Director

Leading Ultraplay’s 

eSports team of traders, 

Peter has solid expertise 

in setting up and 

developing the eSports department, including 

pre-match & live trading, odds compilation 

and odds movement training as well as 

managing UltraPlay’s daily trading process



18

Partners



19

9. FAQ

What is eGold?? 

eGold is a new digital currency based on the Ethereum blockchain. 

eGold aims to unify eSports betting enthusiasts all around the world by offering an easy, quick, 

and secure alternative for betting on their favorite games: Counter Strike: Global Offensive, 

League of Legends, DOTA2, Hearthstone, World of Warcraft, and many others. 

All leading gaming tournaments worldwide are also covered.

eGold allows the eSports betting community to feel the next level of gaming experience and be 

connected in a unified eSports ecosystem based on cryptographic security.  

What are the existing market problems and how eGold can resolve 

them??? 

The lack of transparency and the insufficient security are currently the two major problems  in 

our industry, eGold tokens are the ultimate solution for both of them. 

Why??? 

eGold brings blockchain innovation to the eSports betting market as it is an Ethereum based 

ERC20 token. As a crypto token, every transaction with eGold will be recorded on the block-

chain, so ANYTIME ANYWHERE any customer can check them, which actively solves the 

transparency problem. 

On the other hand, the blockchain functionality ensures that each bet once placed is absolutely 

secured – it can’t be deleted, it can’t be declined, it can’t be limited, your stake is locked until 

the match is over and your profits will be automatically paid out thanks to the smart contracts.

Where will eGold be integrated?? 

Social eSports betting website Buff88 will be the first iGaming brand to integrate eGold and 

enable players to enjoy the most advanced solutions for placing bets on the widest games 

coverage powered by UltraPlay – fast and easy! 

Moreover, UltraPlay’s clients’ network, consisting of more than 40 leading iGaming operators 

and more to follow will be using the cutting-edge blockchain technology of eGold for faster and 

easier betting than has ever existed on the market.



20

www.eGold.gg 

https://www.facebook.com/eGoldgg/
https://twitter.com/eGoldgg
https://www.linkedin.com/company/18245050/
https://www.t.me/eGoldgg
https://medium.com/@eGoldgg
https://discord.gg/TuCHT7y

