






































Introduction

Cryptocurrency, specifically Blockchain, has been proven to be a groundbreaking technology in
society  today,  yet  it  is  still  in  the  early  stages  of  adoption.  Consequently,  many  new
cryptocurrency concepts are being marketed to bridge the gap between technical complexity
and usability of Blockchain.  

The  potential  in  this  growing  market  along  with  increasing  acceptance  of  cryptocurrencies
makes  new  projects  extremely  appealing  for  start-ups  and  investors  alike.  The  market  for
cryptocurrencies is not fully realized.  Simply trading cryptocurrency can be a burden for many
potential users due to security concerns and identity verification difficulties. 

Having easy-to-use, secure cryptocurrency technology that integrates P2P exchange between
fiat  and cryptocurrency,  credit card capability,  and cold, secure storage of user funds while
providing  novice  users  techniques  to  improve  their  skills  is  the  future  of  safe  trading  and
exchange  of  assets.  Providing  users  with  a  return  on  gross  profits  serves  as  an  additional
enticement.

We are ETHBITS with a successful trading platform at www.ethbits.com and we are presenting
an opportunity for investors to participate in a Token Crowdsale for  our new social  trading
platform – iTrade.

Meet ETHBITS

Easy-to-use, secure cryptocurrency with a future-minded organization - that’s where ETHBITS
comes into play, as a trustworthy and secure alternative exchange that allows users to easily
convert fiat into any cryptocurrency.  Buy or sell your favorite cryptocurrency in just a few clicks
with peace of mind, knowing that your funds are safe and you are dealing with a trustworthy
organization.   With  ETHBITS,  security  and  access  are  the  new reality  and  will  become  the
standard because we at ETHBITS believe that  everyone,  everywhere should have access  to
crypto currencies. 

Having a solid and strong foundation drives our strategy and that is why our first launch will
cover crypto to fiat conversions for citizens all over Europe.  Be it Greece, Slovenia, Germany or
Finland, users will be able to convert their cryptocurrency to their local fiat.  

ETHBITS Whitepaper www.ethbits.com March 2017

http://www.ethbits.com/


What are ETHBITS Goals?

At ETHBITS, we are a young and innovative company and we seek not only usability, but also
hold the intrinsic standards of cryptocurrencies in high regard - the principles of anonymity and
decentralization.   We  aim  to  minimize  bureaucracy  and  build  an  easy-to-use,  fool-proof
platform for the masses. 

Specifically, our goals are:

• To offer P2P exchanges between major fiat currencies and a variety of cryptocurrencies 
with a large and active community. 

• To offer a new way to trade, copying expert traders’ movements. 
• To offer a physical goods exchange where users can exchange their goods in a fast and 

secure manner. 

In addition to creating a safe platform to buy and sell cryptocurrencies, we have implemented
several  unique  selling  points  which  enable  us  to  approach  and  attract  a  wider  audience.
ETHBITS is a financial company constantly seeking new technology on the market and adapting
our future goals accordingly.  

What are ETHBITS Objectives?

Currently  our  powerful  platform enables  selling  and  buying  of  cryptocurrencies  using  bank
transfers,  and will  soon make selling and buying an easy process all  over Europe.  ETHBITS
ensures the security of users’ funds via cold storage, and has very strict rules when selecting
sellers, providing buyers with the confidence they want. 

During  the  first  phase  of  the  rollout,  ETHBITS  is  integrated  with  the  existing  platform  of
Ethereum,  which has  been proven to  be a  reliable  and stable  base.   We plan  to  evaluate
migrating  the codebase to  the WAVES platform once the WAVES platform is  mature.   We
believe that ETHBITS can benefit from the many features WAVES can offer. 

Our ultimate objective is to create an exchange for the people owned by the people which 
also provides profit to the people; because we believe our profit is our investors profit too. 

ETHBITS Whitepaper www.ethbits.com March 2017



What are ETHBITS Innovations?

Features new to the crypto-world make our platform unique.  At ETHBITS we are targeting
professionals and newcomers alike.  Customer security is extremely important to us, and why
we integrated our platform with Trezor.   Our unique features include:  

 Pool trading – We integrate with up to 15 leading cryptocurrencies, and by using trading
forces major profits can be obtained by trading in the volatile cryptocurrency market. 

 Cold and secure storage of user funds - We alleviate the worry of hacking attempts with
the use of cold and secure storage.  Use your Trezor device to access and store your
money  securely,  using  two-factor  authentication  and  other  security  verification
methods. 

 Catering to inexperienced users – Our system allows inexperienced traders to copy the
movements of those who are much more experienced.  New traders can benefit from
the expertise and knowledge of experienced market gamers.  For users with no time to
research trading, there will be the option to Auto Trade.  Auto Trade is a feature that
automatically  follows  the  top  traders  based  on  their  historical  as  well  as  present
performance level.  Auto Trade is the safest way of trading and will be implemented in
the ETHBITS Investment Fund. 

 ETHBITS Investment Fund -  We will  provide a completely managed investment fund,
based on the leading cryptocurrencies.  Users can choose to invest without the hassle of
knowing when to buy or to sell!  We will base this in the top five currencies - users just
decide how much to invest and for how long.  

 Advantages for traders – Traders who work in our platform have the opportunity of
earning a percentage of  their  follower’s  profit  and obtain  power-ups to gain  certain
privileges, such as reduced fees. 

 Credit Card Integration - A major feature of ETHBITS Local is direct integration with the
new Mycelium card, which enables our users to spend their cryptocurrency easily and
safely.  The Mycelium card is a blockchain-based card and mobile wallet for payment
management.   Additional  information  on  the  Mycelium  card  can  be  found  at:
https://card.mycelium.com/. 

                      

ETHBITS Whitepaper www.ethbits.com March 2017

file:///C:/Users/Elei/Desktop/ethbits/Downloads/%20https://card.mycelium.com/
file:///C:/Users/Elei/Desktop/ethbits/Downloads/%20https://card.mycelium.com/


Provably Fair Profit Sharing

Ethbits shares 40% of its profits to the ETB token holders. Although Ethbits service
needs  to  have  some  centralized  elements  when  it's  launched,  we  strive  for
decentralization and minimizing the need of trust.

All  EthBits  trades  are  publicly  reported.  This  is  a  standard  practice  for  the
contemporary cryptocurrency exchanges and also a requirement for all regulated
exchanges.  EthBits takes this one step further;  trade data will  be uploaded to
Swarm[1] peer-to-peer storage ensuring the data availability even if the service
itself goes down some day.

To  verify  the  trade  data  integrity  the  users  can  check  that  trades  they  make
appear  in  the published trade data.  Furthermore,  the completed trades  get  a
sequential trade id that ensures there are no gaps in the trade data.

The dividends are paid out quarterly. Based on the published trade data, EthBits
loads  the  ETH  amount  of  dividend  payout  into  a  smart  contract.  The  smart
contract contains a table of token holders taken as a snapshot of the dividends
declaration  date.  The  token  holders  then  proceed  to  call  the  smart  contract
function pay Dividends() from the wallet where they held the tokens at the time
of a snapshot. The smart contract then will proceed to pay the dividends to the
wallet that made the claim.

If the snapshot of the token holders do not match the dividends payout amounts
100%, the dividends smart contract refuse to pay out any dividends. This way,
either all dividends get paid out fairly to the token holders or none of dividends
are paid out. EthBits researches real time dividend payouts as micro transactions.
However,  as the writing of this, Ethereum network does not yet scale to such
small,  high  volume,  transactions.  This  will  become  option  when  Ethereum
network receives sharing[2] and lighting network capabilities[3].

[1] https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm

[2] https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Sharding-FAQ

[3] https://github.com/raiden-network/raiden

ETHBITS Whitepaper www.ethbits.com March 2017

https://github.com/raiden-network/raiden
https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Sharding-FAQ
https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm


Why is ETHBITS launching a Token Crowdsale for iTrade?

Although we have seven important shareholders, we want to offer an opportunity to everyone
to become involved in the early stages of this exciting project, creating an opportunity of profit
and being part of a revolutionary movement. Exchanges work because people use them to buy
and sell  their assets. Big traders (whales) have access to a premium on trading fees, but no
exchange has a model with a cash-back option. 

This is what makes ETHBITS so unique - the more you use our exchange platform, the more
profit is made, which means more profit back to the users.

ETHBITS  iTrade  is  the next  step in  our  development  and  will  allow  new users  with  all  the
information needed to decide whom to follow, including a full profile outlining profit and loss in
different time frames and historical graphs of performance. Users can choose to be notified
every time they copy a trade and can check the overall profit ratio for a certain period.  

Features of iTrade include:

 Pool trading of 15 cryptocurrencies and fiat.
 Ability to use virtual cryptocurrency to gain experience and understanding of trading.
 Full history of each trader (optional for traders).
 Ability to automatically follow up to five traders.
 Full range of professional analysis tools and trading tools.
 Multiple levels of the user interface – simple, intermediate and professional.
 Token rewards for high volume traders.
 Token rewards for new sign-ups.

ETHBITS iTrade is taking local Bitcoins to the next level making it easy to buy 
cryptocurrency world-wide.  With a full history of user trading, decisions are easy, 
even for novice users.  With a few clicks, users can copy the trades of experienced 
traders.  Users can earn rewards for large volume trading and bringing new users 
to the platform.  To achieve that objective, we developed a token approach:  
ETHBITS Tokens. 

ETHBITS Whitepaper www.ethbits.com March 2017



What are Tokens?  How will the ETHBITS iTrade Token Crowdsale work?

The ETHBIT token is a type of currency used to pay fees on the ETHBITS Local platform (for
example to buy/sell Bitcoin, Ether and other cryptocurrencies).  ETHBIT tokens can also be used
to distribute dividends to investors.   If  you hold ETHBITS tokens, you hold a portion of our
platform,  and  by  holding  a  portion  of  our  platform  you  are  entitled  to  your  share  of  a
distribution of 40% of the platform’s profit.  The dividends will be paid on a quarterly basis1. 
A total of 4 mill tokens will be sold and a maximum of 5 mill tokens will ever be in existence.
The final number of Ethbits created will be determined by how many tokens are sold in the
Token Crowdsale:

• 4 Mill tokens will be sold during the Crowdsale and all unsold will be burned2.
• 10% of tokens sold will be used to drive the platform Ethbits iTrade
• 4% of the tokens will  go to the core team and the remaining 11% will  be used for  

Marketing and PR3.

It’s easy to get started using an Ethereum smart contract and Ether.  Receive ETHBIT tokens
from our four tiers rolling out over a four-week period https://ico.ethbits.com:

 Week 1 - Tier 1 - 0.010 ETH per ETB
 Week 2 - Tier 2 - 0.011 ETH per ETB
 Week 3 - Tier 3 - 0.012 ETH per ETB
 Week 4 - Tier 4 - 0.013 ETH per ETB

1 Dividends are to be paid quarterly starting three months after the Token Crowdsale.

2 Note that unsold Tokens will not be considered in the distribution of the 40% of gross profit. The minimum investment needed
to  be  raised  in  the  Token Crowdsale  is  7500  ETHER.  We are  expecting  that  most  of  the  investment  will  be  allocated  to
development by the core team, as well as local legislative compliance activities. 

3 Note that unsold Tokens will not be considered in the distribution of the 40% of gross profit. The minimum investment needed
to  be  raised  in  the  Token Crowdsale  is  7500  ETHER.  We are  expecting  that  most  of  the  investment  will  be  allocated  to
development by the core team, as well as local legislative compliance activities. 

ETHBITS Whitepaper www.ethbits.com March 2017

https://ico.ethbits.com/


Amount raised VS Profit Share

The amount of gross profit Ethbits will share is dependent on how much is raised during the 
Crowdsale. For every 1000 ETHER raised Ethbits will share 1% of the gross profit. 

Amount Raised
(ETHER)

Profit (GROSS)  Share

10000 10%
20000 20%
30000 30%
40000 40%

ETHBITS Whitepaper www.ethbits.com March 2017



What is the Future for ETHBITS?

The next two years will be busy.  We are launching the Token Crowdsale this winter, followed
by expansion into other areas of the world.  Gradually we will  increase the functionality of
ETHBITS into 2018, when we expect to implement a full launch of the ETHBITS Investment Fund.

2017 

• Winter ➔ Token Crowdsale, Launch of ETHBITS in Europe 

• Spring ➔ launch of ETHBITS in India, USA and Australia 

• Summer ➔ Closed pool BETA testing and token issuance 

• Fall ➔ Open BETA testing and integration with Mycelium Card 

2018 

• Winter ➔ Open BETA of ETHBITS token with Mycelium Card 

• Spring ➔ Open BETA 

• Summer ➔ Full Launch of ETHBITS 

• Fall ➔ Launch of ETHBITS Investment Fund 

Conclusion

ETHBITS Whitepaper www.ethbits.com March 2017



Cryptocurrencies will  change the world and ETHBITS wants to be there when it  happens by
offering an innovative and secure platform to allow the world to safely trade and exchange
assets. 

Bitcoins  are  gaining  legitimacy  and  with  increasing  numbers  of  companies  like  Reddit,
WordPress, Baidu, and small businesses (like pizza chains) accepting Bitcoin payments, it’s the
start of a financial revolution.  Binary trading and Forex brokers have begun allowing trades with
Bitcoins.  Bitcoin is the pioneer of the new cryptocurrency era, but the diverse cryptocurrency
scene, fails to convince the masses.  

As the one and only intermediary, ETHBITS will  guide and eventually be the technology that
gives both experienced and novice users a peek into the future of currency. 

With this Token Crowdsale we offer you a new business model, which in our vision is bound to 
succeed. 

Join us in this financial revolution!

ETHBITS Whitepaper www.ethbits.com March 2017


