























































THE FUTURE OF REAL ESTATE

WHITE PAPER 5.0
25.02.2018

Alexandar Bojat
Artan Ibrahimi
Isa Zeqiraj



DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
The purpose of this White Paper is to present Etheera and ETA Token to potential token holders. in
connection with the proposed Token sale. The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and
does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. Its sole purpose is to provide rele-vant and
reasonable information to potential token holders in order for them to determine whether to undertake
a thorough analysis of the company with the intent of purchasing ETA Tokens.

Nothing in this White Paper shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus of any sort or a solicitation for
investment, nor does it in any way pertain to an offering or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities
in any jurisdiction. This document is not composed in accordance with, and is not subject to, laws or
regulations of any jurisdiction, which are designed to protect investors.

ETA Token is a utility token. This product is not a digital currency, security, commodity, or any other kind
of financial instrument and has not been registered under the Securities Act, the securities laws of any
state of the United States or the securities laws of any other country, including the securities laws of any
jurisdiction in which a potential token holder is a resident.

ETA Token cannot be used for any purposes other than those provided in the White Paper, including but
not limited to, any investment, speculative or other financial purposes.

ETA Token is not intended for sale or use in any jurisdiction where sale or use of digital tokens may be
prohibited.

ETA Token confers no other rights in any form, including but not limited to any ownership, distribu-tion
(including but not limited to profit), redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms of
intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights, other than those specifically described in the
White Paper.

Certain statements and estimates information contained in this White Paper constitute forward-looking
statements or information. Such forward-looking statements or information involve known and unknown
risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events or results to differ materially from the estimates
or the results implied or expressed in such forward-looking statements. White Paper can be modified to
provide more detailed information.

This English language White Paper is the primary official source of information about the ETA Token. The
information contained herein may from time to time be translated into other languages or used in the
course of written or verbal communications with existing and prospective customers, part-ners etc. In
the course of such translation or communication some of the information contained herein may be lost,
corrupted, or misrepresented. The accuracy of such alternative communications cannot be guaranteed.
In the event of any conflicts or inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this
official English language White Paper, the provisions of this English language original document shall
prevail.



TABLE OF CONTENTS:

1. Etheera Executive Summary

2. The Future of Real Estate and Economy

3. What is Etheera

4. Comparing the World’s Portals and Real Estate Software With New Blockchain Systems

5. ICO Overview

6. Additional Information

7. Bounties and Commission referral program

8. Problem

9. Solution

10. Portal Desktop / Mobile Version

11. Dashboard Software Vision

12. Software Features

13. Services to be offered

14. Financials

15. Expansion and Marketing Plan

16. Exchange Listings

17. Team / Founders and Etheera Team / Advisory Board Members

18. Token /Token Holder Benefits / Token Structure

19. Roadmap

20. FAQ

21. Links & Support



1. ETHEERA EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

2. The Future of Real Estate and Economy

Over the past decades, there have been so many changes concerning life and lifestyles, which implies
that we are moving forward much more and faster today, in the same time period than we did before.
We are no longer living in our parents’ home until we retire and enjoy the rest of our life in there.
People today are much more active and brave in all decisions than ever before. According to that fact,
more travel trips are made to greater distances and to other countries, and as it often happens today,
we fall in love very quickly with new cultures and would like to stay there or at least buy or rent a
residence in that area. We all know that feeling. All these rapid movements have changed a lot, so much
that right now, it is completely normal for someone to live in Zurich, but take flights to London or
somewhere else for work. Unbelievable but true.

We change apartments on rent much more often than ever before, and owners of buildings and family
houses are increasingly experiencing, that many potential requests from buyers are coming from
foreign countries, which means there is much more professionalism demanded from real estate agents.
Broad international network connections and global publications are indispensable and are the basis for
high quality service and customer satisfaction.

There will be many innovations that we are not aware of, starting from construction planning and
execution, building materials and architectural technology up to finished buildings and marketing. The
surface of the earth and its human population will force us to build differently than we do now and the
materials involved in this will be shipped from anywhere in the world. Global communication,
networking and collaboration will become more and more important for the real estate economy.



3. WHAT IS ETHEERA
Etheera is a project founded by IZ Immobilien Kriens GMBH from Switzerland. Commercial register
extract: CHE 178.993.268 Register excerpt: https://goo.gl/19yyn9

IZ Immobilien Kriens GmbH Founder:
Artan Ibrahimi
Isa Zeqiraj

Etheera Founder:
Alexandar Bojat

Etheera Co-founder:
Artan Ibrahimi
Isa Zeqiraj

Several years of experience for the best results

The Etheera project was established initially in 2017 by IZ Immobilien Kriens GmbH.

The IZ Real Estate Kriens GmbH is a Swiss-based company that is active in the real estate field since 2013.
As industry insiders with very wide expertise, market knowledge and informative exchange with
business partners, owners, landlords and potential buyers, we have recognized problems and
suboptimal processes already at the national level without imagining the same but much wider
problems on international levels! With Etheera, we have found the ALL IN ONE solution.

Etheera offers the first decentralized global real estate platform, based on the Ethereum blockchain,
which provides properties for purchasing, renting and bed & breakfast offers. This platform is ideal for
everybody and everyone, even if you as a private person want to provide a room for one night or longer
period of time, or whether you are looking anything else. Etheera also thinks about the real estate
brokers and professionals of the industry and offers a complete software tool which has integrated
possibilities and will match all needs. Simply the ALL IN ONE solution for everyone!

Human technology is so advanced that we were surprised by what we noticed after research, analyses,
tests and results from existing solutions offered by the market today. Companies are working mostly
with solutions provided locally which seem to be very limited in their scope and cannot handle
mandatory processes or in other words, multiple functions as an all in one solution. Daily business tasks
are still carried out manually, but should be automated in order to avoid hand made mistakes and allow
employees to focus on other processes so as to be more efficient during the same time period.

Etheera GLOBAL ALL IN ONE SOLUTION FOR REAL ESTATE

https://goo.gl/19yyn9


4. COMPARING THE WORLD’S PORTALS AND REAL ESTATE
SOFTWARE WITH NEW BLOCKCHAIN SYSTEMS

LEADING TRADITIONAL
SOFTWARE TOOLS &
PORTALS

BLOCKCHAIN PORTAL AND
SOFTWARE

Countries of Operation Limited by Technology, Markeing
and Interest

Unlimited, There Are No Boundaries

Number Of Clients Unlimited but mostly local Service
only

Unlimited

International Agents Network
Relation & Comission

Mostly Locally or not Integrated in
Tool

Unlimited, Agents can finally connect
internally

Different Daily Tasks in one
Solution

Not Really Or Eeach Tool Need To
Be Paid Additionally

All In One with One Price Structure

Licence and Agreement
Models

Unflexible / Yearly Base And
Expensive

Flexible / Montly Base or One
Payment Fees / Fair Pricing

Data Export Expensive, Very Unflexible or Loose
Data Cause Of Limited Export
Features

Free Of Cost, Export And Backup
Always Given

Further Development Company Decide Client Oriented Solution

Payment Control Centralized Decentralized

Security of Transactions and
Funds

The Banc The Client

Fund Control Trust to The Banc The Client is The Banc

Integration of New Services
Or Partners

Slow, Difficult, Expensive, Not
Accepted or Not Care About

Easy and Fast

Partnerships for better Tool
Quality and Service

Self Developer, Not Open For
Cooperations

Cooperations Welcome, to Provide
Best Possible Service and Tools



5. ICO OVERVIEW
To implement Etheera's vision, we are launching an initial coin offering (ICO) to issue Etheera tokens on
the public Ethereum blockchain. The tokens called Etheera (ETA) will be issued during the ICO
Timeline.The price during the ICO will be as the table below:

Start 10/02/2018 / 10:00 AM UTC + 1

10/02/2018 - 16/03/2018 / Bonus 40%

17/03/2018 - 31/03/2018 / Bonus 20%

01/04/2018 - 14/04/2018 / Bonus 10%

15/04/2018 - 30/04/2018 / No Bonus

End 30/04/2018 / 10:00 AM UTC + 1

The ICO will be conducted at Ethereum blockchain and the Smart Contract directly, so to be able to
participate in the Etheera's ICO and get Etheera (ETA), you should go to the Etheera Website to view the
Smart Contract Token Sale adress. Etheera (ETA) tokens will be issued as ERC20 compliant tokens and
you will need an compatible ERC20 Wallet as MyEtherWallet or Meta Mask.

6. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

 Token name = Etheera

 Token symbol = ETA

 Decimals = 18

 Number of available ETA’s = Limited to 75 000 000 000

 Price for 1 ETA token = 0.000002 ETHEREUM (ETH)

 Minimum order per Transaction = 75 ETA

 SoftCap = 6 000 ETH

 Hardcap = 105 000 ETH

https://www.etheera.com/tokensale-eng


7. BOUNTIES AND COMMISSION REFERRAL PROGRAM

Etheera offers two fantastic ways to earn ETA Tokens and Ethers, simply choose between ETA, ETH or booth and
join the program.

BOUNTIES:

The registrations for the Bounties are processed via Bitcointalk and Google docs. This is an public event and all
spreadsheets will be public to everyone.

2`100 ETH will be allocated to the Bounty Program (2% of the total tokens sold).

The Etheera bounty campaign will begin on February 10, 2018 and will finish on April 30, 2018.
The bounties will be paid within 60 days after the end of the Token Sale

Campaigns and distribution of rewards:

Twitter Campaign: 5% (105 ETH in token)
Facebook Campaign: 5% (105 ETH in token)
Reddit Campaign: 5% (105 ETH in token)
Telegram Campaign: 5% (105 ETH in token)
Blogs, Articles Campaign: 10% (210 ETH in token)
YouTube Campaign: 10% (210 ETH in token)
Bitcointalk Signature Campaign: 60% (1260 ETH in token)



COMMISSION REFERRAl PROGRAM:

The registrations for the commission referral program are processed internally on the Etheera website.

Step 1:
Sign in by entering your Name, Email, Ethereum address.

Step 2:
Start share your unique Link with 1 simple click.

Integrated 1 click sharing options:​
Whatsapp, Email, Facebook post, Facebook Messenger, Twitter Tweet, LInkedIn post, Pinterest, Google+, copy
past Link Button to share where ever you like.

​
Note: The entered Ethereum address can't be changed and will be used for the payouts!
​
What do we offer:
Commision: 5% from all your registered referrals which participate in the token sale.

Commission currency: Ether(ETH)

The commissions will be paid within 60 days after the end of the Token Sale.



8. PROBLEM
1. To expensive portal costs. From a financial overview, it forces the agents to be much more limited
and he does not publish objects everywhere anymore.

2. Resulting from the first point above, there are many matching opportunities missing between sellers
and interested buyers.

3. Unsold or unleased properties automatically extend the empty stands and bringing in just highly
missed revenue that kills businesses.

4. Bad network and relationships between national brokers. Scaled on international levels, it is pretty
much bad. Although very often, buyers are from other countries and not familiar with local languages.
This results in bad services and loss of mandates.

5. Brokers are so important, because many parts and processes such as the price estimate of the
property, visits, relationships with banks and much more are mandatory and can’t be done by a robot.
The brokers have to be top equipped to be ready for efficient operations.

6. Currently, the software tools and working instruments for brokers offer too little, or it will need a lot
of individual tools which will need to be combined in the daily process. Most tools are too expensive
and inefficient, confusing and with no satisfaction and this results in many errors on the human side.

7. We are missing the international all in one tool for the agents that covers all needs in one screen or
program from A to Z!

8. The same applies to the prospectors and seekers of objects to buy, to rent or for bed & breakfast
deals.



9. SOLUTION

All in one:
Global portal + Software

Matching:
Find immediately what you are interested in and what you are looking for, no matter where in the world.
Ideal for brokers with an existing customer and property portfolio. The matching allows a search query
about all brokers’ network with their existing customers and search requests and wishes. International
transfers and sales have never been easier.

Huge tools:
Many integrated tools including CRM functions, calendars, callbacks, visits and publications, newsletter,
inbox / outbox, adding external APIs and services, database with owners, prospectors, project
management, dashboard, settings and access rights, import and export of datas, document creation, real
estate estimates, global broker network and much more.

Consulting:
Bring and deliver the perfect service to your customers with Etheera. Reports and statistics for the owner
or a structured settlement with the prospective of the acquisition of properties to the rental or purchase.



10. PORTAL DESKTOP / MOBILE VERSION
- Advertise as an individual or company

- Search and find objects in a global network

- Search the right broker whom you want to sell a property

- Global purchase, rent, bed & breakfast deals

- Different advertising opportunities

- Free or paid front banner advertisements

- Easy price structure

- Advertise without subscriptions possible

- Pay with Bitcoins, Altcoins or by PayPal and credit card

- No hidden costs

- Direct link to the software with synchronization for the brokers



11. SOFTWARE DASHBOARD VISION

12. Software Features
Objects:
New buildings detection, editing, publishing and more.

Contacts:
Add contacts manually, detect automatically from inquiries of the portals and import, or edit them. Just
keep a clean database and only active leads.

Matching:
Matching between objects and prospects. Propose directly fitting objects. Fast and safe sales.



Partner network:
Matching with the contacts of partners and in this way, building a network extension with new
international potential customers. Possibility in the system to directly create new partnerships and
contracts for deals and commissions with other agents.

Recall:
Put your planned callbacks with any clients and the system will constantly remind you on the tasks until
you’re done. Never miss planned telephone appointments anymore. Forgotten recalls are now the past!

Diary:
All types of schedules, whether for visits or memories for scheduled processes or birthdays of clients.

Planned visits:
Taking a glance at the potential customers you made planned visits to, in order to have a deal
preparation and a clear structure.

Process management:
Create your own to-do processes and individual tasks with added control, reporting, deadlines and
timings.

Sync tool:
Synchronize your contacts and owner contacts with your mobile and at the same time, you can also
have the agenda with the mobile and outlook synced. Stay always up to date with all devices.

Create letters:
Write letters and create PDF files or use filters.

Inbox / Outbox:
Connect your existing email with the system and send or receive emails.

Newsletter tool:
Use the stored contacts from the system for your newsletter campaigns and make analyses of delivered
emails sent, the open rate, click rate and much more to improve your campaigns like a kind of split
testing.

Publications:
Have a complete overview of all published objects.

Owner:
Owner database where you can send and create reports of current statistics from the concerned.

Analytics:
Make analyses and reports about different things, such as periods from sales and regions and more.
These reports are very good tools for meetings and analyses over the entire market.

Export / Import:
Export and import data by a simple click with the mouse. These excel files can be used for telephone
actions or other benefits. Stay a lord of your data and do backups as much as you like.



Social share:
Share objects per mouse click with your connected Facebook and Instagram accounts.

Install external APIs:
This tool is allowing you to install any new added external APIs that we setup constantly to keep the
best possible tools in one desk. It is mandatory to cooperate with external companies regarding quality
and new possible working ways.

Settings:
Import your logos and company user data and setup rights for your employees and other configurations.

Add new employees:
Simply create a new login for new employees and award them with the necessary system rights.

Estimation tool:
Create price estimates for your customers’ properties and keep the data in the system.

Management:
Keep your tenant under control, make leases, send automatic letters and reminders on outstanding
rental payments, create invoices and more.

More tools:
More tools will be added constantly to the system.

Free lifetime updates:
All kinds of updates on the system, including new features and tools will be free of additional charges.



13. SERVICES TO BE OFFERED
Etheera is aiming to become a fully fledged global portal and software solution for the real estate blockchain era and
will offer four core lines of services:

Software licenses / subscriptions:
The use of the software is mainly intended for all real estate professionals. This cloud based software will not be
offered as a download or as a purchasable product. The customers will be able to flexibly rent the service with
monthly or annual subscriptions.

Portal listings / subscriptions:
Customers will be able to flexibly choose between paying for listing a single object or countless objects with monthly
or annual subscriptions for all supported genres. The listing prices will be fixed and Etheera will not charge any
additional costs of success or commissions.

Paid advertising:
The portal will create room for premium listings, banners and featured ads, which will be very useful to reach more
visitors and better advertisement.

Third Party Service Providers:
Etheera will work together with third party service providers to keep always maximum quality. This includes various
external API services for the software and payment providers.

Further development / Future thoughts:
Etheera isthinking about the future and is considering expanding the portal with additional services such as car buying
and renting, insurance and precaution services. This is a pure vision for the moment, but Etheera not want to exclude
completely.

Offered payment solution and support:
Etheera’s payment solution will include traditional products such as globally accepted IBAN, debit cards, paypal and
payment processing, but will also support most of the cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Dash, Ethereum and others.
On top of that, all services will be accessed through an easy to use user interface in more than 20 languages with live
24/7 support.



14. FINANCIALS
Etheera’s revenue can be assigned to each services of its products: Software licenses, Portal listings, Paid advertising
and Third Party Service Providers.

The whole payments revenue reflects the revenue from all services as follow:
The software license costs per company are monthly 49 EUR and yearly 399 EUR including 0.5% commission costs for
the third party services. Publishing one single object in the portal costs 1 EUR or an unlimited objects subscription for

9 EUR monthly or yearly 89 EUR including 0.5% commission costs for the third party services. The normal portal
listings for the Software subscribers is free of charge for unlimited objects and it comes only to a payment for booked
paid advertising. Etheera predicts that at least 70% of all availble advertising slots will be booked constantly and
generate a monthly revenue of 10’000 EUR.

These assumed percentage statistics from various customers and the fixed service costs resulting in the following
expected yearly revenue:

From 100 customers are 10% companies and 90% private users.
10 companies with the yearly software subscription = 3990 EUR
90 private users. From this 90 users 10% with the yearly portal subscription and 81 a single object = 882 EUR
70% occupied advertising slots = 120’000 EUR

Total yearly revenue 100 customer = EUR 124’872
Total yearly revenue 1’000 customer = EUR 168’720
Total yearly revenue 10’000 customer = EUR 607’200
Total yearly revenue 100’000 customer = EUR 4’992’000
Total yearly revenue 1 million customer = EUR 48’840’000

These estimates are based on our expansion & marketing plan.

Total revenue



Most of the costs will consist of wages for the employees as well as legal and IT expenses. These estimates are based
on current business salary heights and growing of employees within the next years.

Expenses

Due to needed development, marketing and other costs, Etheera is expected to be profitable from 2019.

Profit



15. Expansion & Marketing Plan
We plan to expand internationally by partnering with other companies in the real estate space, acquiring competitors,
and doing extensive marketing. The marketing channels include the traditional press/publications, social media
channels (Twitter, Facebook, Instagram), opinion influencers, real estate conferences, and word of mouth.
Following is an illustration of the possible growth. Please note that all numbers are only projections based on our
estimates.

2018
Users: 0.01 million
Listed Properties: 0.005 million
Applikations processed: 0.001 million

2019
Users: 0.2 million
Listed Properties: 0.1 million
Applikations processed: 0.05 million

2020
Users: 1 million
Listed Properties: 0.6 million
Applikations processed: 0.4 million

2021
Users: 5 million
Listed Properties: 3 million
Applikations processed: 1.5 million

2022
Users: 9 million
Listed Properties: 4 million
Applikations processed: 2 million

2023
Users: 15 million
Listed Properties: 5 million
Applikations processed: 3 million

16. EXCHANGE LISTINGS
Etheera can confirm and guarantee to be listed directly after the ICO timeline on the following exchanges:

1. ForkDelta
2. EtherDelta
3. CryptoDerivatives

Availble trading pairs: ETA / ETH and ETH / ETA
Planned market start price: 20x - 50x from ICO Price per ETA

Etheera is working on further agreements, technical compatibility and deals to be listed on Yobit, Okex, hitBTC,
Mercatox, Idex, Openledger, Coinbene, zb, Coss, Kucoin, huobi, Tidex, Liqui, Upbit, Poloniex, Binance, Bitfinex,
Cryptopia and others.



17. TEAM

Founders and Team

Alexandar Bojat
Founder Etheera

Artan Ibrahimi
CoFounder Etheera / CEO IZ Immobilien

Kriens GmbH

Isa Zeqiraj
CoFounder Etheera / CEO IZ Immobilien

Kriens GmbH

Davide Rausa
Chief Marketing Officer

Ahtasham Khan
Senior Web Developer / IT Specialist

Florian Zefi
Promotion Manager

Rio
Business Community Manager French



Advisory Board Members

Alexksandra Stroganova
Business Development Advisor

Daniele Ficarazzi
Marketing & Branding Advisor

Hira Siddiqui
Smart Contract Advisor

Gina Roos
Software Dev Team Recruiting Advisor

Flamur Rushiti
Finance Expert Advisor

Roman Sahli
General Support Advisor

Sämi Meier
Legal Law Advisor

Artan Sadiku
Legal Law Advisor

Joao Antunes
Adwords Analytics Advisor



Jose F. Villegas Delgado
General Business Advisor

Suad Maroca
IT Systems Advisor



18. TOKEN

Token Holder Benefits
 Each participant of Etheera (ETA) tokens will be entitled of the Token Sale Bonus and Profit expected

from the Exchange Platforms

 The chance to be onboard from the beginning and earn bonuses up to 40% on the token sale.

 After token sale ends, etheera will be listed on different decentral exchange platforms. Keep your
tokens or sell them on exchange platforms.

TOKEN STRUCTURE

TOKEN ALLOCATION:
70% TOKEN SALE
10% RESERVED FUNDING
15% FOUNDERS AND TEAM
3% ADVISORS
2% BOUNTIES

TOKEN PROCEED:
60% SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
20%MARKETING AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
5% LEGAL EXPENSES
5% TOURNAMENT
5% SECURITY
5% OPERATING EXPENSES / ADMIN



19. ROADMAP
2013
Establishing the IZ Immobilien Kriens GmbH

2013 - 2016
Active participation in the property market
Analysis and monitoring of the whole real estate sector

Q1 2017
Survey of partners and customers about possible improvements, wishes and values in the market Information and
issues analysis
Mystery shopping with different providers and service providers for the real estate industry

Q2 2017
Birth of the Etheera project
First investigations with IT companies for the possibility and realization of Etheera Idea to realize an ICO with
Etheera

Q3 - Q4 2017
ICO Preparations
Etheera ICO website with full project overview
Smart contract programming in solidity
Multilingual white paper
Team recruitment for Etheera
Additional meetings with different IT companies for the recruitment of the software developers.

Q1 2018
ICO timeline
Recruitment of IT specialists for the software development

Q2 2018
Etheera listed on first exchanges
Development phase of the ETHEERA software

Q3 2018
Presentation of the beta version of the Etheera software
Presentation of the beta version of the Etheera portal
Recruiting additional staff for sales, marketing and support in Switzerland

Q4 2018
Launch of Etheera software version 1.0
Launch of the Etheera portal version 1.0

2019
Etheera offices in Paris, London, Munich, Vienna, Amsterdam, Belgrade, Prague, Milano

2022
Etheera branches in Moscow, Tokyo, New York, Sydney, Miami, Las Vegas, Toronto, Hong Kong 300+ employees
in Europe, Asia, Canada, USA, Australia



20. FAQ
What is the role of the token in the project? Is it a security?
It is a utility token. Please read our white paper for more details.

What are the conditions for the token sale?
The token sale starts on February 10th 2018 and ends on April 30th 2018 if the Hardcap is not reached
before, if not the sale would end automatically. The minimum amount of Etheera tokens for purchase
are 75 ETA tokens per transaction. During the ICO timeline, a bonus of up to 40% is offered. To purchase
Etheera tokens, you don’t need to register and there is no White List Process. Accordingly is every ETH
address able to send ETH and receive ETA. Contributors agree to our terms of service, terms of token
sale and privacy policy automatically as soon as etheera token is purchased and Ether sent to our smart
contract.

What method of payment is accepted?
The Smart Contract based on the Ethereum block chain allows only payments by Ethereum (ETH).
However, we will offer you a guide which will help you how and where you can change Bitcoins or any
Altcoins into Ethereums or how to get on some first cryptos using PayPal or credit cards.

Is the Etheera (ETA) Token ERC-20 compatible?
Yes, the ETA token is based on the Ethereum block chain platform and ERC-20 compatible. We
recommend therefore to use MyEtherWallet or Metamask to send Ethers to our Smart Contract. Both
are ERC-20 compatible. Never send transactions directly from an Exchange to a Smart Contract. This is a
very high risk way because you don’t own the private keys. This is the case why you should use
MyEtherWallet or Metamask as they are yours and you own and control your private keys.

Where and how do I keep my ETA tokens?
You can keep your ETA token in every wallet, which is ERC-20 compatible and supports the ETA token.
As an example, the MyEtherWallet.

Howmany ETA tokens will be available and how many are generally created?
There will be a maximum of 75‘000’000’000 ETA tokens, of which 70% are offered 52‘500’000’000 for
the token sale to the community. At 70 ETA tokens sold, additional 10 tokens are created and retained
for the reserved funding, 15 for founders and team, 3 for the advisors, 1 for marketing and 1 for
expenses during when travelling and presentations. To provide a greater security, trust and confidence
to everybody, the Smart Contract will automatically lock up the tokens for the reserved funding for 15
months, and the tokens for the team for 10 months and will release them only after this period.



If the Hardcap is not reached during the token sale, will the remaining tokens be
destroyed?
Yes, the remaining tokens are automatically destroyed and can not be distributed.

How we plan to generate revenue and what is our business model?
We will generate our revenue from licenses of our software, advertisements and banners on the portal.
In addition, we will offer our customers in the real estate sector, individual solutions and developments.
Based on our Roadmap, it is apparent that our goal is an international global solution.

When is the ICO start?
The ICO will start on February 10th, 2018 / 10:00 AM UTC + 1, will end on April 30th 2018 10:00 AM UTC
+ 1.

Will there be a KYC / AML process during registration?
No. You don’t have to register to be able to buy Etheera Tokens. We don’t collect any data from you.

Is there a refund rule?
Yes. The tokens purchased are non-refundable. Only if the Softcap is not reached, will the Smart
Contract carry out a refund to the investors. However, we do not assume that this will be the case.

Is there a guide provided on ’’How do I invest in Etheera’’?
Yes, there will be instructions on how to join the Etheera ICO and how to create a compatible ERC 20
MyEtherWallet that you can receive the Etheera Tokens.

What is the Hardcap from Etheera token sale?
The Hardcap is 105,000 Ethers and the Smart Contract will not accept anything above.

What is the price for 1 Etheera token?
The price for 1 Etheera (ETA) token is 0.000002 Ethereum.

Is there a waiting lock up period for the team and the reserved funding tokens?
Yes, the automatic lock up period according to Smart Contract is 10 months for the team tokens and 15
months for the reserved funding tokens.

How can I make sure that I will receive the Etheera tokens? Is there a contract?
Yes, the Smart Contract is handling everything automatically and can’t be modified after validation on
Etherscan. So you will get your Etheera tokens immediately after sending Ethers to the Smart Contract
address. The Smart Contract will automatically send you the correct amount of Etheera tokens back to
your wallet. Sometimes, the transactions can take a few minutes up on a general overloaded blockchain
network or depending on added gas price.



Will there be any special bonuses?
Yes, there will be a few different bonus stages during the ICO timeline. Please have a look on the ICO
overview stated on the website or White Paper. The Smart Contract will trigger and handle the bonuses
automatically based on the time period. Lets say you make a payment transaction in the first week
starting February 10th where a bonus of 40% is given on purchases of Etheera Tokens: You buy 100 000
Etheera tokens and the smart contract will send you 140 000 Etheera tokens to your Ethereum address.

Are there any ICO country exclusions?
Yes! Due to legal and political reasons, citizens from the US, Canada, China, Singapore, Hong Kong, North
Korea and Iran are not allowed to participate in our Etheera ICO. All contributors are self resposible to
respect that rule! Etheera is not liable and can not controll this part as we don’t collect any user data or
use white list functions.

Does a commercial register extract exist in Switzerland?
Yes. The Etheera project is carried out by IZ Immobilien Kriens GmbH. The company is registered and
active in real estate market since 2013. Below is the register extract and Weblink: CHE 178993268
https://goo.gl/19yyn9

Is there a minimum order count to buy the Etheera tokens?
Yes. For each transaction during the ICO, you will need to buy a minimum of 75 ETA tokens.

Was there an audit of the Smart Contract?
Yes of course. The Smart Contract has been programmed in Solidity and tested by our Smart Contract
Expert and Advisor in the Robsten Test network and the code was completely tested and verified line by
line before we released the contract for real validation on Etherscan.

Do you have any more questions?
Send us an email to support@etheera.com and we will try to respond to you within 6-12 hours. Join can
also our official Telegram group at www.t.me/etheera



21. LINKS & SUPPORT

MAIN SITE
https://www.etheera.com

FACEBOOK
https://goo.gl/DATN9j

TWITTER
https://twitter.com/Etheera1

TELEGRAM
https://t.me/etheera

BITCOINTALK
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2939669

YOUTUBE
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQpveFhsBrO8zrEIpyJQhCA

MEDIUM
https://medium.com/@etheera

REDDIT
https://www.reddit.com/user/Etheera-ICO/

GITHUB
https://github.com/Etheera

LINKEDIN
https://www.linkedin.com/company/etheera/

Copyright © 2017 ETHEERA, All rights reserved.



ADHERENCE TO ALL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY STANDARDS

The purchase of any tokens involves a high degree of risk, including but not limited to the
risks described below. Before purchasing ETA Tokens, it is recommended that each
participant carefully weighs all the information and risks detailed in this White Paper, and,
specifically, the following risk factors.

A. Taxes.
Token holders may be required to pay taxes associated with the transactions involving ETA
Tokens. It will be a sole responsibility of the token holders to comply with the tax laws of
the relevant jurisdictions and pay all required taxes.

B. Smart contract limitations
Smart contract technology is still in its early stages of development, and its application is of
experimental nature. This may carry significant operational, technological, regulatory,
reputational and financial risks. Consequently, although the audit conducted by independent
third party increases the level of security, reliability, and accuracy, this audit cannot serve as
any form of warranty, including any expressed or implied warranty that the ETA Smart
Contract is fit for purpose or that it contains no flaws, vulnerabilities or issues which could
cause technical problems or the complete loss of ETA Tokens.

C. Regulatory risks
The Blockchain technology, including but not limited to the issue of tokens, may be a new
concept in some jurisdictions, which may then apply existing regulations or introduce new
regulations regarding Blockchain technology-based applications, and such regulations may
conflict with the current ETA Smart Contract setup and ETA Token concept. This may result in
substantial modifications of the ETA Smart Contract, including but not limited to its termination
and the loss of ETA Tokens as well as a suspension or termination of all ETA Token functions.



D. Force Majeure.
IZ Immobilien Kriens GmbH (Etheera) performance may be interrupted, suspended or
delayed due to force majeure circumstances. For the purposes of this White Paper,
force majeure shall mean extraordinary events ETHEERA WHITEPAPER VERSION 5.0 /
25.02.2018 and circumstances which could not be prevented by IZ Immobilien Kriens
GmbH(Etheera) and shall include: acts of nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil
disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage or
other failures of energy supplies or communication service, acts of municipal, state or
federal governmental agencies, other circumstances beyond IZ Immobilien Kriens
GmbH(Etheera)control, which were not in existence at the time of Token sale. If such
circumstances occur then the IZ Immobilien Kriens GmbH(Etheera) can not be held
liable for any financial damages or similar consequences.

E. Disclosure of information.
Personal information received from ETA token holders, the information about the
number of tokens owned, the wallet addresses used, and any other relevant
information may be disclosed to law enforcement, government officials, and other third
parties when IZ Immobilien KriensGmbH (Etheera) is required to disclose such
information by law, subpoena, or court order. IZ Immobilien Kriens GmbH (Etheera)
shall at no time be held responsible for such information disclosure.

F. Value of ETA Token.
Once purchased, the value of ETA Token may significantly fluctuate due to various
reasons. IZ Immobilien Kriens GmbH (Etheera) does not guarantee any specific value of
the ETA Token over any specific period of time. IZ Immobilien Kriens GmbH (Etheera) shall
not be held responsible for any change in the value of ETA Token. Assumptions with
respect to the foregoing involve, among other things, judgments about the future
economic, competitive and market conditions and business decisions, most of which are
beyond the control of the IZ Immobilien Kriens GmbH (Etheera) team and therefore
difficult or impossible to accurately predict. Although the IZ Immobilien Kriens GmbH
(Etheera) team believes that its assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements
are reasonable, any of these may prove to be inaccurate. As a result, the IZ Immobilien
Kriens GmbH (Etheera) team can offer no assurances that the forward-looking statements
contained in this White Paper will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant
uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements contained herein, the inclusion
of such information may not be interpreted as a warranty on the part of IZ Immobilien
Kriens GmbH (Etheera) or any other entity that the objectives and plans of the Etheera
project will be successfully achieved. Please note that the Etheera project ETA Token may
be subject to other risks not foreseen by its team at this time.


	THE FUTURE OF REAL ESTATE
	WHITE PAPER 5.0
	DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
	TABLE OF CONTENTS:
	1. ETHEERA EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
	2. The Future of Real Estate and Economy
	Over the past decades, there have been so many cha
	We change apartments on rent much more often than 
	There will be many innovations that we are not awa
	3. WHAT IS ETHEERA
	Etheera is a project founded by IZ Immobilien Krie
	Etheera Co-founder:
	Several years of experience for the best results
	The Etheera project was established initially in 2
	The IZ Real Estate Kriens GmbH is a Swiss-based co
	Etheera offers the first decentralized global real
	Human technology is so advanced that we were surpr
	Etheera GLOBAL ALL IN ONE SOLUTION FOR REAL ESTATE
	4. COMPARING THE WORLD’S PORTALS AND REAL ESTATE S
	LEADING TRADITIONAL SOFTWARE TOOLS & PORTALS
	BLOCKCHAIN PORTAL AND SOFTWARE
	Countries of Operation
	Limited by Technology, Markeing and Interest
	Unlimited, There Are No Boundaries
	Number Of Clients
	Unlimited but mostly local Service only
	Unlimited
	International Agents Network Relation & Comission
	Mostly Locally or not Integrated in Tool
	Unlimited, Agents can finally connect internally
	Different Daily Tasks in one Solution
	Not Really Or Eeach Tool Need To Be Paid Additiona
	All In One with One Price Structure
	Licence and Agreement Models
	Unflexible / Yearly Base And Expensive
	Flexible / Montly Base or One Payment Fees / Fair 
	Data Export
	Expensive, Very Unflexible or Loose Data Cause Of 
	Free Of Cost, Export And Backup Always Given
	Further Development
	Company Decide
	Client Oriented Solution
	Payment Control
	Centralized
	Decentralized
	Security of Transactions and Funds
	The Banc
	The Client
	Fund Control
	Trust to The Banc
	The Client is The Banc
	Integration of New Services Or Partners
	Slow, Difficult, Expensive, Not Accepted or Not Ca
	Easy and Fast
	Partnerships for better Tool Quality and Service
	Self Developer, Not Open For Cooperations
	Cooperations Welcome, to Provide Best Possible Ser
	5. ICO OVERVIEW
	Start 10/02/2018 / 10:00 AM UTC + 1 
	10/02/2018 - 16/03/2018 / Bonus 40%
	17/03/2018 - 31/03/2018 / Bonus 20%
	01/04/2018 - 14/04/2018 / Bonus 10%
	15/04/2018 - 30/04/2018 / No Bonus
	End 30/04/2018 / 10:00 AM UTC + 1
	6. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
	Token name = Etheera
	Token symbol = ETA
	Decimals = 18
	Number of available ETA’s = Limited to 75 000 000 
	Price for 1 ETA token = 0.000002 ETHEREUM (ETH)
	SoftCap = 6 000 ETH
	Hardcap = 105 000 ETH
	BOUNTIES AND COMMISSION REFERRAL PROGRAM
	8. PROBLEM
	9. SOLUTION
	All in one:
	10. PORTAL DESKTOP / MOBILE VERSION
	Advertise as an individual or company
	Search and find objects in a global network
	Search the right broker whom you want to sell a pr
	Global purchase, rent, bed & breakfast deals
	Different advertising opportunities
	Free or paid front banner advertisements
	Easy price structure
	Advertise without subscriptions possible
	Pay with Bitcoins, Altcoins or by PayPal and credi
	No hidden costs
	Direct link to the software with synchronization f
	11. SOFTWARE DASHBOARD VISION
	12. Software Features
	13. SERVICES TO BE OFFERED
	14. FINANCIALS
	16. EXCHANGE LISTINGS
	17. TEAM 
	Founders and Team
	Advisory Board Members
	18. TOKEN
	Token Holder Benefits
	TOKEN STRUCTURE
	19. ROADMAP
	20. FAQ
	21. LINKS & SUPPORT
	ADHERENCE TO ALL LEGAL AND REGULATORY STANDARDS

