



































TECHNICAL WHITE PAPER
Engaging Customers through the EZ Marketing Platform

and Customer Loyalty Points

Prepared for: EZPOS’S ICO

Prepared by: EZPOS Team

December 2017



TECHNICAL WHITE PAPER
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

EZPOS HOLDING
Opportunity Statement
The Value Proposition
How We Deliver
Technology Breakthrough
Our Business Model
Our Dominant Position

ABOUT EZPOS
Company Track Record
Cloud-based Solutions Porfolio

MARKET OPPORTUNITY
Merchants See Marketing Services As A Huge Opportunity
Merchants Are Focused On Customer Loyalty
Traditional Customer Loyalty Programs
The Big Idea
The Fundamental Problems

MARKETING AND CUSTOMER LOYALTY PLATFORM
Ez Marketing And Loyalty Platform
What Does The Platform Do For Merchants?
Advantages Of The Platform

TECHNOLOGY OVERVIEW

TOKEN GENERATING EVENT
Token Mechanism (EZToken)
Token Distribution
Funding Use
Token Sales
Product Roadmap

TEAM & ADVISORS
Team
Advisors

MISCELLANEOUS
Holding Company
Compliance

01
01
02
03
05
06
07
07

09
09
11

13 
13
13
13
14
15

16 
16
18
19

22

25
25
25
26
27
29

30
30
31

32
32
32



EXECUTIVE SUMMARY



EZPOS HOLDING

Founded in 2011, EZPOS Holding is a 
cloud-based Point of Sale (PoS) system 
provider owning proprietary technolo-
gy which underpins the two web ser-
vices, MAYBANHANG.NET and MAYT-
INHTIEN.NET. With 130 employees and 
having 6 years of experiences in the 
SaaS market, we have built a strong 
network of more than 10,000 mer-
chants serving millions of local and for-
eign customers.

Transactions going through our PoS service can be valued as more than

       $1,000,000,000 per year

2011

6

+10,000

01



02

Opportunity
Statement
The Opportunity: With many years of 
supporting and co-working with thou-
sands of SMEs in Vietnam, we realize 
that there is a lack of, or limited access 
to Marketing and Customer loyalty 
management services - which is a 
powerful set of tools to acquire and 
retain revenue as well as boost their 
business. Traditional solutions for cus-
tomer Loyalty programs such as the 
ones involving loyalty cards are losing 
effectiveness due to a lack of user 
engagement and low customer incen-
tives - while being quite expensive 
because of third party involvement.

A recent study in the Global Retail Loyalty 
Sentiment Report by Nielsen showed 
that 67% of participants agreed that they 
would shop more frequently and spend 
more money on retailers with a loyalty 
program such as: membership cards, 
etc. However, in spite of significant 
growth in the number of customers par-
ticipating in loyalty programs, numerous 
pain points have prevented these pro-
grams from realizing their full potential. 
Deloitte noted that as of 2016, only half 
of loyalty program participants are 
active, and one-fifth of those active par-
ticipants never redeemed their rewards. 
Reported problems include low redemp-
tion rates, non-real-time rewarding, high 
operational costs, account inactivity and 
low client retention.

The global Loyalty market size is stimat-
ed to be  USD 6.2 billion by 2023 due 
sharp increase in  of mobile phone 
usage.

There is an opportunity for another 
global approach using blockchain to 
maintain transaction records in a secure, 
trustless, digitized interlinked environ-
ment, which will eliminate numbers of 
inefficient issues.

Participants agree that they shop 

more frequently and spend more 

on retailers a loyalty program

67%



Our Value Proposition
Standing between merchants and customers, we offer a seamless integration of 
a services portfolio built on an on-demand-service platform over our  existing 
cloud-based POS system providing the following utilities:

03

Payment Gateway

Universal Customer
Loyalty Services

Marketing Services

Our Marketing platform-based solution
(currently in a Proof of Concept [PoC] stage 
of development) will include:

A backbone blockchain network - em-
ploying the new cryptocurrency 
EZToken - PoC available

An eWallet - a secure medium for 
storing, transferring and spending of 
digital assets - PoC available

Customer Loyalty Apps which 
replace the standard physical Loyalty 
Card - PoC available

A marketplace web portal present-
ing gifts and reward offerings

White label apps to customize to the 
merchant’s unique branding



04

Providing a secure
environment

Reducing costs compared
to traditional systems

Creating
unique business

opportunities

Enabling
a frictionless
system

Making the processes
near real-time

The Main Advantages
Of Our Platform 



05

How we deliver
Our disruptive innovation resides on the extensively used distributed ledger 
technology - the blockchain technology - and the creation of the EZToken  which 
will be used as unit of exchange for any service provided on the platform. By 
delivering this platform, we enable an eco-system including brands, merchants, 
consumers and service providers working in a cooperative manner and drawing 
mutual benefits from the system. This eco-system is explained as followed:

Merchants and brands will access instantly the loyalty 
system in the POS without any need to install, manage 
or require maintenance services. They can acquire EZTo-
ken to buy a set of services such as Loyalty Points, Email, 
SMS, and E-vouchers to reach a broader customer base 
available in the system.

Customers earn Loyalty Points as a fractional amount of 
EZTokens from their buying activities and redeem 
points for any gifts or rewards offered by other brands 
and merchants registered in a centralized web portal.

Investors can trade EZTokens on universal coin 
exchanges to invest in the eco-system and draw finan-
cial benefits as the more participants engage in the 
system the demand for EZToken will increase.

Service providers can shape their marketing services 
with smart contracts and exchange for EZToken.



06

Customer behavior data captured by the system will 
enrich our data analytics services which will provide 
feedback to merchants for even more effective Market-
ing campaigns.

The eco-system benefits from quick network growth 
because the more merchants participating in the 
system, the wider choices for rewards offered in the 
redemption catalog, which in turn will stimulate more 
customers to join. When customers earn instantly valu-
able incentives from their shopping activities, they are 
more enthusiastic to re-engage. As the number of cus-
tomers involved in the system increases, the merchant 
acquisition will increase even more quickly.

Technology Breakthrough
The blockchain technology is by nature a distributed ledger system providing 
automated validation and trust, which is permanent and unalterable for all trans-
actions related to digital assets and services exchanged. It is used in this project 
as a mechanism of peer-to-peer transfer, as well as for acquiring or redeeming of 
Loyalty Points for all participants of the eco-system.

Moreover, blockchain technology removes the need of a third party as a trusted 
entity for all transactions and thus significantly removes overhead costs. Each 
participating merchant contributes to the performance of the system by running 
an autonomous component of the blockchain network and obtains benefits 
through very low transaction-fees.

Loyalty Points on our platform increase in value and become an exchangeable 
currency deployed as a unit of exchange for gifts or rewards. Furthermore, our 
system is extendable for any future payment services in any country that allows 
the option.



Our Business Model

Why we are in a dominant position to deliver the best solution:  EZPOS already 
owns an award-winning network of over 10,000 merchants using our Point-of-Sales 
system (and it is growing rapidly). The most important key success factor is a critical 
mass of merchant adoption. It is crucial to get buy-in from a critical mass of mer-
chants who are successful with the loyalty program. They will open the gates for all 
other merchants to come in.

How we earn money from the system: The immediate benefit from the system is a 
quick expansion of PoS network services to a wide network of merchants by pro-
viding a strong, mutually-beneficial eco-system where merchants have easy access 
to Marketing resources, as well as to a wider customer base to grow their business. 
Our most significant revenue stream is from the monthly service fees for POS 
software subscription from merchants.

In order to make the system grow quickly and strongly, the subscription fees will be 
free for merchants to join the market place on the web portal. However, we can 
draw revenue from loyalty transactions fees to maintain the performance and 
manage the network operation and from providing white label apps services for 
any merchant brands.

As the use of eWallet will dramatically increase the transaction amount through our 
payment gateway, we will earn incremental transaction fees for payment services.

In addition, a new source of revenue will come from providing added value services 
for merchants such as a powerful location based ads service for merchants using 
our data analytics capability, coupons, e-voucher engine based on customer profil-
ing, digital marketing services, and payment gateway services. Last but not least, 
we can envisage profit sharing with the marketing services providers.

07

Our Dominant Position



08

Currently, one third of our merchants are using our ´traditional´ Loyalty Points 
system. Thus introducing a new, more powerful, and cost effective Customer Loyal-
ty program will be welcomed by most of our existing merchants and will attract a 
great number of new customers. The implementation in the network will be made 
seamlessly by a simple upgrade software version.

We are expanding the service at a very fast pace in Vietnam and we aim to extend 
our network to the South East Asia region in 2018 at the target speed of 2000 mer-
chants per month. A close partnership with Currency Alliance (the cloud-based Loy-
alty Platform services provider in Europe and North America countries) led by 
Charles Ehredt will accelerate our delivery of a highly flexible and scalable loyalty 
application on top of our blockchain transactional layer so as to deliver a very effec-
tive and comprehensive platform with intuitive user experience.

From a technical point of view, we are well positioned  in building blockchain tech-
nology with a strong specialist team. Thanks to this collaboration we are always 
up-to-date to implement new advanced technology to improve the scalability and 
the performance of the backbone network of the distributed ledger.



ABOUT EZPOS



Company
Track Record

EZPOS Holding is a tech-startup founded 
in 2011 by a group of technology savvy 
and avid entrepreneurs. We are leaders 
in providing cloud-based SaaS 
Point-of-Sales software for retailers in 
Vietnam. The company is well known with 
our web sites WWW.MAYBANHANG.NET 
and WWW.MAYTINHTIEN.NET. Our pro-
prietary cloud-based software has been 
awarded two years as the best technolo-
gy by Vietnamese Technology Alliance for 
the advanced technology and the cus-
tomer oriented design - which are the 
cornerstone of our product quality.

Since the product launching event in 
2012, we have achieved a growth rate 
exceeding 50% per year over 5 years con-
secutively, and the company has been 
profitable for the last 12 months. To this 
day , 10,000+ retailers have adopted the 
solution to serve millions of customers 
every day. Over one third of our mer-
chants use our traditional Loyalty card.

The company headquarter is based in Ho 
Chi Minh City, while customer care service 
and product development teams are 
located in Hanoi. 

09

We have built a wide and strong net-
work of sale representative offices in 
almost all big cities in Vietnam as well as 
in Singapore and Kuala Lumpur with a 
total head count of 130 full time employ-
ees. The current staff structure is split 
into 1/3 for engineers and 2/3 for sales 
and support functions.

We currently use and implement with 
success the inbound Sales and Market-
ing strategy from Hubspot. This method 
will help us easily replicate the expan-
sion strategy in any other country.

Many of our developers have past expe-
rience as the core team developing the 
stock trading system for the Kim Long 
trading platform - the largest stock trad-
ing platform in Vietnam.  Therefore, our 
engineering team has acquired strong 
experience building scalable systems to 
support mission-critical applications 
that match millions of stock transactions 
per week. Our cloud-based retail POS 
platform solution inherits the most 
advanced technology that scales up 
quickly and persistently, thus maintain-
ing our leadership position in technolo-
gy among our competitors.

1/3 engineers

2/3 sales
and support



In 2016, the Ez Block chain lab was formed inside the company in order to explore, 
acquire knowledge, and get involved in the open source community while carrying 
out research on real business applications. We now have a strong technical team 
specialized in blockchain technology and a framework with academic research to 
implement the most effective application over the distributed ledger network. We 
are confident and have strong commitment to build a new blockchain network un-
derlining the Marketing & Customer Loyalty Platform created in this project.

Key Performance Metrics 2015’s 2016’s 2017’s

Cumulated stores acquired 5,000 7,000 10,000

Store’s number of customer contacts

Monthly store’s transactions

1 Million

1 Million

2.5 Million

2 Million

4.5 Million

4 Million

Active POS devices 12,000 25,000 40,000

Active POS users 15,000 30,000 45,000

Trial POS users 20,000 50,000 90,000

End of year Company Headcount 70 100 130

Growth milestone
Opening head 
office in Ho Chi 
Minh city

Opening offices 
in Hai Phong & 
Da Nang

Opening offices in 
Can Tho & Buon 
Me Thuat

* based on estimated information 10



Cloud-based Solutions Portfolio

11

We are currently offering a portfolio which fits perfectly into any retails POS system 
requirements. 

POINT-OF-SALES SYSTEM

EZPOS provides three main product 
lines supporting different business 
types:

- Restaurants

- Fast food/Cafe/Walk Away

- Fashion Shops

- Shoe Stores

- Convenience Stores

- Small Supermarkets

- Book Stores

- Services Stores

- Other business

The POS system is delivered with a com-
plete set of software and retail hard-
ware. Software services are based on 
cloud technologies, but operate in any 
devices such as mobile phones, tablets 
or computer, laptop, as well as profes-
sional POS systems.



MULTI-STORE MANAGEMENT

Multi-store management is a feature of 
our system which enables retailers to 
follow and manage Inventory, Purchas-
ing, Customer Data and Reporting of a 
chain of stores with ease and rapidity. 

CUSTOMER LOYALTY SYSTEM

Embedded in the POS system, the loy-
alty module helps retailers to manage 
Customer Relationships, Customer 
Sales History, Customer Accounts and 
Loyalty Card transactions. Its main fea-
tures include easy and intuitive imple-
mentation. 

MOBILITY APPS

We offer many Apps compatible with iOS, 
Android, and the Windows-based operat-
ing systems for retailers so that they have 
completed mobility in their day-to-day 
operation. In addition, the owner of the 
merchant business can easily follow and 
manage their business activities and 
enjoy reporting from a distance without 
the need to be present at the store.

12



MARKET OPPORTUNITY



Merchants View Marketing Services
As A Huge Opportunity

Traditional Customer Loyalty Program

Based on a recent survey from our customer base, up to 81% of merchants consid-
er marketing as a part of their business strategy. Still only 28% of merchants have 
used marketing tools such as SMS, email marketing, Facebook Ads or Google Ads 
to reach their customers in the last 1-year period. However, 65% of merchants 
agree to increase their budget for marketing effort to reach more customers and 
to retain their existing customers.

Merchants Are Focused On
Customer Loyalty
Merchants are interested in technologies that take on Customers. The increasing-
ly mobile-based customer lifestyles are driving companies to innovate in order to 
improve customer experience and avoid the risk of being left behind. A Customer 
Loyalty program is playing an important role in the merchant business strategy 
for attracting and retaining customers. A demonstration of this phenomena is 
that one third of our retailers currently use the current Loyalty module offered in 
our system.

It has been obvious for some time that Loyalty Programs are reaching the limits 
of their utility because they can only drive behavior change for the top 10% to 15% 
of customers.  Most people subscribe to dozens of Loyalty programs but rarely 
realize any benefit because programs are so fragmented that they cannot accu-
mulate enough points to redeem for something of value. 

From the merchant´s point of view, to implement, manage and maintain a com-
plex system using traditional Loyalty Cards - without the ability to collect most of 
customer data - is a hassle that prevents many of them to embrace such an out-
moded solution.

13



14

In this context, loyalty programs focused on driving consumer behavior change 
among only their top customers will be obsolete – especially if suppliers keep 
weakening their programs by cutting value as they have been doing over the past 
several years.

Our solution is to combine Loyalty Points with a package comprising Personal-
ized Experience, Perceived Value and Meaningful Engagement around authentici-
ty and shared values. The solution combines an appropriate context to create the 
Loyalty Strategy and Program of the future – where points in a coalition program 
will be a Loyalty Digital Currency that is spendable or transferable through a 
digital eWallet at any moment, and in most locations.  Capturing consumer 
insight from the eWallet will be a much more effective way to increase the client 
client database than expecting customers to present loyalty cards.  

The Big Idea



15

The Fundamental Problems

For consumers, the value proposition is the ability to collect more points in a single 
program – where the points are far more useful (i.e., a fungible digital currency, 
spendable in any amount, stable in value) while the service helps merchants use 
their data more effectively.  For merchants, as the participation has a low operating 
cost, they get access to sophisticated business analytics and marketing tools, as 
well as access to more customers especially their best customers. EZToken as our 
Loyalty Digital Currency will enable merchants to pass 100% of the value of points 
to consumers to reduce friction; and, will generate incremental revenue primarily 
from exploiting consumer behavior data.

The value of the EZToken as the Loyalty Digital Currency can appreciate better than 
US Dollars due to high demand over the network; and, if Members of our Loyalty 
eco-system can earn 3-15 times more than with nearly every other loyalty program, 
this creates a strong point of differentiation.

The fundamental problems worth solving are:

Consumers are becoming increasingly overwhelmed by marketing initia-
tives coming to them from every angle (including Loyalty Programs); and 
they are generally not able to accumulate much value in a consolidated 
rewards account.

Merchants need consumer data to compete effectively, but their current 
Loyalty Program options have unattractive characteristics that can be avoid-
ed through a new global Loyalty Platform.

A new approach and global platform is needed by both sides of the market.

1
2



Standing between merchants and customers, we will offer a seamless integra-
tion of a portfolio of services in an on-demand-service-platform in our existing 
cloud-based POS system which provides the following utilities:

Our Marketing platform-based solution (cur-
rently in a Proof of Concept [PoC] stage of 
development) will include:

Payment Gateway

Universal Customer
Loyalty Services

An eWallet - a secure medium for col-
lecting, transferring and spending of 
digital assets (crypto coins, e-voucher, 
coupon, gitfs…), and for other e-cur-
rencies (such as ApplePay, Alipay, 
SamsungPay) - PoC available 

MARKETING AND CUSTOMER 
LOYALTY PLATFORM 
Ez Marketing and Loyalty Platform 

16

A backbone network using blockchain 
- including servers, merchant´s com-
puters, mobiles and miners to sup-
port the transaction layer for the new 
crypto EZToken - PoC available.



A Customer Loyalty Apps which 
replaces  the standard Loyalty Card - 
PoC available 

A marketing services web portal for 
merchants to buy any services from 
Marketing channel providers or Mar-
keting services providers  

A marketplace web portal presenting 
gifts and reward offerings from mer-
chant partners to their customers 

And White label Apps for any mer-
chants who want to customize their 
own branding look and feel 

To make it clear, EZToken is the new crypto 
currency that presents the medium of 
exchange of all services and Loyalty points in 
the platform. An eWallet is a secure digital 
wallet which is delivered as a mobile applica-
tion that each user can install in any smart-
phone. The user can use the eWallet to store 
any type of digital access, popular cryp-
to-currencies and frequently used e-curren-
cies to use as a payment method, or for peer 
to peer transfers without constraints.

17

Marketing Services

Marketing Channel: 
OTT, email, SMS,

Apps, Web Portal 

Promotion, Coupon, 
Gift Card 



What does the platform 
do for Merchants?  
To participate in the Ez Marketing and Loyalty Platform, the merchant needs to 
acquire an amount of EZTokens from the market. They subscribe to a Loyalty 
system directly in their Point-Of-Sale system that can be customized with their 
own parameters such as the Loyalty earning rate (a percentage of the transac-
tion amount paid by customers that the merchant wants to offer back in the 
form of Loyalty Points). The Loyalty Points will be transferred directly to the 
eWallet of the customer in a form of an equivalent  market value of a fraction 
amount of EZToken (at the moment of payment). 

From the customer´s side, to receive the Loyalty Points earned 
from the merchant, he only needs to download the Ez Loyalty App 

Shopping eWallet EZToken

18

Loyalty Points

with the included eWallet to hold EZToken as a digital asset. Thus, there is no 
friction of filling out forms and holding another loyalty card. He can see the fiat 
money value of his eWallet in realtime to recognize how much he has earned  
from his shopping activities. Once enough EZToken has been collected, he can 
go to the Ez Market Place Web Portal to redeem for rewards offered by any par-
ticipating Merchant. A QR code will be generated and sent to the Customer App 
when the redeemed gift was validated by the platform. The Customer only 
needs to then show  the QR code at the selected store to receive his gift from 
the Merchant.



19

The Market Place Web Portal is a listing web service for the Coalition 
Customer Loyalty Program which allows any participating Merchant 

to place their gifts or rewards for redemption. The products or services in the 
Market Place are tied to fiat currency, thus will be exchanged with the market 
value of EZToken stored in the eWallet of the customer (at the redemption 
moment). The Merchant validates the QR code from their POS and then delivers 
the products or services to the Customer - who then provides the amount of 
EZToken which has been exchanged by the Customer.

Another side of the Market Place is a Marketing Services offering 
such as SMS bundle offers, Coupons, Vouchers and any other types 

of digital Marketing channel offered by service providers. The Merchant can buy 
any Marketing services by using their EZToken stored in the eWallet. Pricing of 
Marketing services is tied to the fiat currency, thus it will be exchanged to an 
equivalent market value of EZToken (at the transaction moment).

Advantages 
of The Platform 



 Maximum point value passed 
on to the consumer 

Points as a digital currency 
that are freely converted into 
other spendable currencies  

 Points that don´t expire 

No restrictions on redemption 

Spendable via many pay-
ment methods – and espe-
cially on Mobile devices 

A program accessible by the 
broader population; includ-
ing the un-banked  

20

REDUCING COSTS 

The system reduces the overhead 
cost by removing third party involve-
ment and a complicated mix of tech-
nology. In addition to low operating 
costs, Merchants want Insight and 
Control – which is provided via: 

An Open Platform to leverage 
modern technology without 
massive Capital Investment 

Easy delivery of Cou-
pons/Vouchers or other infor-
mation/offers 

Easy Trials with no long-term 
contracts 

Rich Analytics about their 
business and customers 

Easy Targeting of existing and 
new customers based on 
richer insight 

Easy measurement of cam-
paign ROI (Return on Invest-
ment) 

ENABLING 
A FRICTIONLESS SYSTEM 

Customers want Liquidity and great-
er Relevance – which is provided via: 

Recognition, Social, and Col-
laboration capabilities (VIP 
Treatment, Group Goals, etc.) 

Savings and Value Optimiza-
tion (Layaway, Relevant 
Offers, High Point Utility, etc.) 



21

MAKING THE PROCESS 
NEAR REAL-TIME 

PROVIDING 
A SECURE ENVIRONMENT

CREATING UNIQUE
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

With our hybrid approach of blockchain 
technology, our system will enable any 
loyalty transactions to be recorded and 
validated by multiple parties in 
real-time. It avoids any pending inertia 
moments and credits points faster to let 
the customer make use of their rewards 
quickly. 

Blockchain, using a distributed 
public ledger technology, will pro-
vide an immutable, permanent, and 
distributed database for any transac-
tion records so it can be easily 
audit-able, with full trace ability . It 
prevents any fraud, double spend-
ing, or any manipulation of the trans-
actions. The blockchain will provide 
an unprecedented level of security 
for the global Loyalty network.

The Ez Marketing Loyalty Platform 
helps Members discover better value 
and helps merchants engage with cus-
tomers in a more meaningful and rele-
vant way through a streamlined com-
munications channel which we continu-
ally optimize for relevance.



TECHNOLOGY OVERVIEW 
The core systems are represented in the following diagram: 

Merchant
POS

Multi-channel Access
+Mobile Wallet

This project is a mashup of technologies around a new Business Model.  Com-
bining best of breed components from existing technology without investing 
heavily in development also allows the Ez Loyalty Platform to get to market 
quickly.

At the network layer, we build a blockchain network of server nodes, merchant 
computers, mobile devices and miners to support the transactions of EZToken 
over the platform. Loyalty Point transactions will be exchanged locally to EZTo-
ken at the merchant POS and be validated automatically in the blockchain.  

To enable high volume with low latency for all loyalty transactions over the net-

Global Loyalty Ecosystem (Behind the Scenes)

Virtual
Bank

Admin & 
Cust-Serv

Portal

Loyalt 
system

Master
Customer

Record

Big Data
Analytics

Predictive
Analytics

POS
Connectors

Campaign
Management

Accounting
System

Universal Service Bus

22



Member
Apps/Web

Backend 
Platform

Middle
ware

Mobile
&Web
APIs

 Loyalty
Account

mCommerce
Platform

The key to efficiently in managing the on-boarding of new Merchants in the 

23

work of merchants, we will implement a hybrid architecture including a light-
ning network and a proof of Stake ERC 20 Ethereum-like blockchain. We are 
aligned with the newest standard of the Ethereum blockchain network.

Loyalty Members have access to their account through a Responsive Web Portal 
Platform and Mobile Apps.  Merchants access the Extranet and Analytics Plat-
form through a Responsive Web interface or Mobile Apps.  

Virtual
Bank

Adm
in &

 
Cust-Serv

Portal

Loyalt 
system

M
aster

Custom
er

Record

Big D
ata

Analytics

Predictive
Analytics

PO
S

Connectors

Cam
paign

M
anagem

ent Accounting
System

U
niversal Service Bus

POS 
System

Merchants can then set up Marketing Campaigns that are executed and mea-
sured by the platform.
  
Merchants get their transaction data into the platform through the EZPOS Sys-
tems.



24

Loyalty Platform is a strong rules engine that automatically sets up configura-
tion parameters across all the cloud-based components of the ecosystem.  A 
loyalty program configuration wizard will be exposed to merchants to gather 
the input necessary for the Rules Engine to configure merchant programs, 
enable analytics dashboards, and established automated marketing cam-
paigns.

The Responsive web and mobile App Platforms for Members communicate to 
the Ez Loyalty Platform backend and with certain 3rd parties via a set of APIs 
and Middleware that enable flexibility in building both frontend and backend 
platforms.  The “contactless” methods such as QR code for Members to com-
municate with merchant POS platforms are based on rapidly evolving industry 
standards and hardware being rolled out worldwide. 



TOKEN GENERATING EVENT 

As components of the Ez Marketing 
and Loyalty Platform remain under 
development and will be constantly 
evolved over time, so will the possible 
uses of the EZToken.

EZToken will be an Ethereum/ERC20 
standard token as the technology 
adopted is the underlying blockchain 
network. Ethereum is the popular 
cryptocurrency platform and open 
blockchain system. Our token in the 
Ethereum blockchain networks not 
only represents a crypto-currency 
that can be traded, but it can repre-
sent digital assets that have a variety 
of value such as vouchers, services 
contracts, etc … The ERC20 standard 
is a set of rules that enable the token 
to be compatible with all other Ethe-
reum like tokens.

The ERC20 standard is a set of rules 
that enable the token to be compati-
ble with all other Ethereum like 
tokens.

Token Mechanism 
(EZToken) 

Token Distribution  

25

The total amount of EZTokens to be cre-
ated is 50,000,000 with the initial pricing 
equivalent of 1 EZToken to USD $1. The 
initially market cap will be set to USD $ 
50 Million.

In the ICO crowdsale event, 10,000,000 
EZTokens will be sold for a nominal 
amount of USD $10 million. The ICO 
sales period will last until USD $10 mil-
lion equivalent of Ether or Bitcoin have 
been raised, or for a maximum period of 
1 calendar month, whichever term is 
arrived first.

Token distribution will be as follow:
• 10,000,000 out of 50,000,000 tokens (or 
20%) is for crowdsale event
• 1,500,000 out of 50,000,000 tokens (or 
3%) is reserved for bonus and bounties 
of crowdsale
• 3,500,000 out of 50,000,000 tokens (or 
7%) is reserved for founders
• The remaining 35,000,000 out of 
50,000,000 tokens (or 70%) is reserved 
for loyalty services being supplied at the 
maximum issue rate of 10% annually



1

2

3

4

5

6

Funding Use 

26

The target funding is USD $5 million. If we exceed the target, we will provide 
regulating mechanisms for EZToken against market fluctuation under USD $1.2 
per token over the period of the first year of development of the eco-system.

The lower cap for funding is set to USD $ 1 million under which the ICO is not 
considered to be successful and investors can request their investment back.

Staffing & 
development

Marketing

Operating
 Expenses

Team 
Incentives

Advisors 
Incentives

Legal &
Finance

50%

10%

5%
5%

10%

20%



Token Sales 

27

PreICO : Dec 07, 2017

ICO - 1st round: Jan 1st, 2018

2nd round: Jan 8th, 2018

3rd round: Jan 15th, 2018 

Pre-ICO: 0.6 $ per EZToken - limit-
ed to the first 1 Million EZTokens 
acquired by business partners 
who have the most influence on 
the eco-system community of the 
Loyalty platform.

$ 0.85 per EZToken - limited to the 
next 1 Million tokens.

$ 1 per EZToken - limited to the 
next 3 Million tokens.

$ 1.2 per EZToken - limited to the 
next 5 Million tokens.

A welcome bonus of 5 EZTokens will be offered for any investor who registered 
an account in the ICO website. The amount of bonus will be credited when a 
deposit fund has been received.

Only Ether and Bitcoin will be
accepted in the ICO token sales.

Welcome Bonus:



28

BONUSEZTOKEN PER TRANSACTION 

5%

10%

More than 10,000

More than 20,000

ICO Bonus:

High Volume Investors:

After Pre-ICO, investor (with minimum 100 ETZ) can refer others to invest. 
Bonus 5% for referrer over the referee’s token transactions.

Bonus 5% for all investors who invest in the ICO period (excl. pre-ICO)

All bonus will be distributed as an added amount of tokens calculated as a per-
centage over the total EZT acquired by the investor himself. 

Referrer Bonus:

Investor can invest a minimum of 50 EZT and a maximum of 50,000 EZT.



Product Roadmap 

29

Jan 2018

Jan 01, 2018

Feb 2018

Mar 2018

Q2 2018

End of
 Q2 2018

Q3 2018

End
Q3 2018

End 2018

Launching of eWallet application

Expanding Loyalty services to 10,000 mer-
chants and 2 millions users in Vietnam and 
extending services to cover new mer-
chants in the South East Asia region

Launching of the web portal for the 
Universal Rewards offering and white 
label loyalty Apps 

Proof of concept of EZ Marketing and 
Loyalty system

Acceleration stores acquisition to reach 
15,000 merchants in Vietnam, and 10 mil-
lions eWallet users

Covering up 30,000 merchants with 20 mil-
lions eWallet users in across the South East 
Asia region

 Carrying out further global expansion 
strategy to reach 100,000 merchants 

2019-2020

ICO launching

Pilot deployment on real merchants 
for a new Customer Loyalty program

 Launching of comprehensive Marketing 
services and Providing advanced data analyt-
ics services for brands and merchants  



TEAM & ADVISORS 
Team 

30

Laurent Nguyen 

Dr. , CSO of EZPOS, 

graduate from 

Hoa Nguyen, CEO 

of EZPOS, graduate 

from Ecole Poly-

Ecole Polytechnique France - PhD Degree. 

Data Scientist Manager at EY Paris France, 

he has more than 10 years of experiences in 

data consulting services for big internation-

al corporates. His role is to help EZPOS to 

build a better data-driven business strategy.

Tuan Hua, Product 

Manager of EZPOS 

graduate from 

Polytechnique Institute of Hanoi, Vietnam. 

Ex Product leader for the Kim Long Securi-

ties, he has 10 years’ specialist in building 

large scale, high frequency stock trading 

system with millions of matching transac-

tions per week.

Duong Doan, CTO 

of EZPOS, graduate 

from University of 

Sydney, Australia, 

technique France with more than 10 years’ 

experiences in tech Startups. He led the 

development and provided the core trad-

ing system for Kim Long Securities - big-

gest Vietnamese online trading system; 

cofounder of REVER – online Real Estate 

trading Platform.

twice times rewarded by the international 

mathematical contest (IMO). More than 10 

years of management and building of mis-

sion-critical platforms as project director at 

FPT Software, he is building Machine Learn-

ing and AI technologies underlying the POS 

system. 



Advisors 
Charles Ehredt, CEO of Currency Alliance, Loyalty system advisor 
and business partner. Over the past 30 years, he has started 12 com-

panies and invested in 23 as a Business Angel investor. Prior to found-

ing Currency Alliance, Chuck was Group Director of Innovation and 

New Ventures at eDreams ODIGEO

31

Richard Scott, Managing Director of Catalyst Partnerships, a business 

development and start-up consultancy in the UK. Richard has exten-

sive experience in commercial strategy, launching of new start-up 

business ventures, and driving incremental revenues to business, spe-

cialising in the tech and loyalty sector. Prior to Catalyst Richard has set 

up and grown several start-ups, and has worked with large corporate 

partners such as Sainsburys, British Gas and Debenhams.

Duc Tran MBA, CPA, General Partner for IDG Ventures Vietnam. 
Having a long career and great experience in Venture Capital, he 

undertakes due diligence, fundraising and participating in strategic 

and business decisions of the company.

Long Le Dinh, Executive Director, Chairman of the Board of Spark 

Center Vietnam; former Vice-Executive Chairman of TPBank; Board 

Member, General Director of Hong Leong Bank Vietnam; COO of 

Thien Viet Securities Firm; Deputy CEO of the State Capital Investment 

Corporation (SCIC) of Vietnam; General Director of VIB Bank; Manager 

of Vietnam Business Advisory Program, the Mekong Private Sector 

Development Facility (MPDF), International Finance Corporation (IFC), 

the WorldBank (WB) in Vietnam. His role is investment, banking and 

financial services, business advisor.

Ly Na Tran, Head of PR of EZPOS, graduate from Foreign Trade Univer-

sity. She has more than 10 years in Communications, Event Manage-

ment, and Marketing in various corporations: FMCG, Banking, B2B and 

Advertising agencies; ex-PR manager for “Kong: skull island” movie.



32

The token issuing will be operated by 
EZPOS Holding Pte Ltd Singapore con-
forming to international business law 
currently enforced in Singapore. 

EZPOS Holding will advise Members 
that we fully comply with interna-
tional Anti-Money Laundering legis-
lation and that we will cooperate 
with law enforcement agencies if 
requested by them, OR if we identify 
activity that looks to be criminal in 
nature. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

 EZPOS Holding Pte. Ltd. 
160 Robinson Road, SBF Center 

#26-10, Singapore 068914
telegram: @eztoken

email: eztoken@ezpos.io
website: http://ico.ezpos.io 

EZPOS 

Holding company 

Compliance


