












































 

0 | Page 
 

 

 

  

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  1 | Page 
 

Table of Contents 

Section 1: The Vision 3 

Defining the Sharing Economy 4 

Defining the Circular Economy 4 

Section 2: The Problem 5 

Refurbished Phones (B2B/C2B) Industry Pain Points 5 

Opportunity: A Profitable Sector in Need of Standardization 6 

Market Trends and Predictions 6 

Section 3: The Solution 7 

Blockchain: The Solution 7 

Section 4: Galaxy eSolutions is the Answer 9 

Company Overview 9 

Partnerships 10 

CNS Wireless Wholesale (CNS) 10 

Dafzo 10 

Milkyway Distribution 10 

Origin Protocol 10 

Sharder 10 

Operational Structure 11 

Traction and Milestones 11 

Roadmap 12 

Financials 13 

Objectives 13 

Core Metrics 13 

The Galaxy eSolutions Hybrid eCommerce Business Model 14 

Galaxy eSolutions Platforms 14 

NDBD (live) 15 

YABphones (live) 16 

Android Reborn (under renovation) 17 

Mobile Freak (under development) 18 

Team 19 

Management 19 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  2 | Page 
 

Blockchain Development Committee 20 

Professional & Compliance Team 21 

Business & Advisory Team 21 

Section 5: What Makes Us Special? 24 

Key Differentiators 24 

Branding 24 

Price 24 

Speed to Market 25 

Warranty 25 

Competitive Study and Comparisons 26 

SWOT Analysis 27 

Section 6: Strategic Positioning 28 

eCommerce Solutions 28 

Supply Chain and Partnership Advantage 29 

Location Advantage 30 

Section 7: GES Token Offering and Returns 31 

Token Offering 31 

Offer Schedule 32 

ICO Bonus Structure 32 

Token Distribution 32 

GES Token and Value Model 32 

Token Utility 32 

Market Buyback and Burn Model 33 

Terms and Conditions 33 

GES Value Protection Mechanism 33 

Terms and Conditions 33 

Planned Use of Funds 34 

Returns Analysis 35 

Key Assumptions and Findings 36 

Corporate Governance 36 

Section 7: Conclusion 37 

  



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  3 | Page 
 

Section 1: The Vision 
 

 

We envision a world made environmentally friendly through global adoption and growth of the 

sharing and circular economies. A world in which the lifespan of electronics is extended to the point 

where mining waste and landfills are a thing of the past. 

 

“Our mission is to further environmental 
sustainability by utilizing a decentralized, pre-owned 

and refurbished ecommerce ecosystem designed to 

advance the sharing and circular economies.” 
 

 

Please support us in promoting global sustainability and a clean future!  

The Galaxy eSolutions ICO is February 28th - March 31st, 2018.  

See our website or join the conversation on Telegram. 

https://galaxy-esolutions.com/
https://t.me/gesico


 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  4 | Page 
 

Defining the Sharing Economy 

The sharing economy, or collaborative consumption, refers to resource circulation systems which 

allow consumers a two-sided role, in which consumers may act as both providers of resources and 

obtainers of resources. This vision allows for a broad understanding of the sharing economy in regards 

to the overarching criteria of changing consumer capacity. The sharing economy is NOT a black and 

white ecosystem: it is a spectrum, and it is increasingly crucial to understand its different shades. 

The driving forces behind the rise of sharing economy organizations and businesses include: 

■ Information technology and social media 
■ Urban lifestyle & demographic shifts 
■ Increasing volatility in cost of natural resources 

Now that we understand what the sharing economy is, and what’s driving the adoption of this 

sustainable lifestyle, how do we define truly collaborative, sharing economy companies?  

1. The core business idea involves unlocking the value of unused or under-utilized assets 
(“idling capacity”) whether it’s for monetary or non-monetary benefits. 

2. The company should have a clear values-driven mission and be built on meaningful principles 
including transparency, humanness, and authenticity that inform short and long-term strategic 

decisions. 

3. The providers on the supply-side should be valued, respected, and empowered and the 
companies committed to making the lives of these providers economically and socially better. 

4. The customers on the demand side of the platforms should benefit from the ability to get 
goods and services in more efficient ways that mean they pay for access instead of ownership. 

5. The business should be built on distributed marketplaces or decentralized networks that create 
a sense of belonging, collective accountability and mutual benefit through the community 

they build. 
 

Defining the Circular Economy 

The circular economy aims to eradicate waste—not just from manufacturing processes, as lean 

management aspires to do, but systematically and throughout the life cycles and uses of products and 

their components. Looking beyond the current "take, make and dispose” extractive industrial model, 

the circular economy is restorative and regenerative by design: Extending the life of products and 

materials prevents the over-generation of waste and recovers the full value of products. Relying on 

system-wide innovation, the circular economy aims to redefine products and services to design waste 

out, while minimizing negative impacts. The circular model builds economic, natural and social 

capital. 

  



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  5 | Page 
 

Section 2: The Problem  
 

 

Refurbished Phones (B2B/C2B) Industry Pain Points  

1. Phone Versions Unclear/Products Not as Described 

In most phone trading websites, only the phone models are listed. Therefore, the exact versions of the 

phones are not shown clearly. Phone version information is required so that buyers know that they are 

buying the right phones for the right markets. For example, a local shop trader in Australia might not 

be able to sell iPhones which are of USA versions, due to factors such different network bandwidth, 

causing the phone to not work with local network frequencies. Different phone versions could cause 

consumer dissatisfaction as well: for example, phones in Japan are required to have an alert sound 

when taking pictures. 

2. Potential Frauds/Scams 

In many cases, phones are almost as good as cash, since it is highly tradable and of relative high 

value. Hence, the phone industry often is littered with scammers. The typical scams include failing to 

deliver goods after being paid, selling stolen goods on purpose and selling goods of questionable 

quality. There are also suppliers who mix some bad products with good products just to increase their 

margins. Clearly, the industry lacks trust. 

3. High Cross-Border Transaction Costs 

We all know that transacting for international payments is expensive and often incurs exchange 

losses. In some cases, payments have to go thru intermediary banks, often taking days for one 

transaction to complete. Add to this concern stricter AML (Anti-Money-Laundering) measures, and 

we see even higher cross-border transaction costs. 

 

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  6 | Page 
 

4. Product Movement Verification  

When deals are done, what is required next is the movement of the goods.  There are many cases of 

goods not being delivered on time, or that the tracking numbers need to be chased. There are also 

cases of goods delivered to wrong addresses, held at customs or even being provided fake tracking 

numbers. 

 

Opportunity: A Profitable Sector in Need of Standardization 

The refurbished phone trade is a multi-billion USD, high volume and high trading frequency globalized 

business and yet it is a complex industry as it lacks standardization in areas such as trading terms, 

product versions and compatibility, and especially in product grading and quality.  

Industry Statistics: 

▪ Double Digit gross profit %. 

▪ Double Digit Percentage Growth Year on Year. 

▪ Fragmented industry with chance for consolidation. 

▪ Environmental Friendliness (Government and Consumer Support). 

▪ 30BN USD Market Size by 2020 (Just phones). 

Market Trends and Predictions 

Galaxy eSolutions predicts that the preowned and refurbished consumer electronics market will 

continue to grow due to a variety of factors, including:  

▪ Insatiable demand from developing countries. 
▪ Growing needs for a consumer to have a second phone (one for business/work). 
▪ Shorter life cycles of consumer electronics and the continuous upgrading. 
▪ Growing awareness of the need for environmental sustainability. 
▪ Large scale adoption of sharing and circular economies. 

 

 

 

  

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  7 | Page 
 

Section 3: The Solution 
 

 

Blockchain: The Solution 

1. Building Trust in a Trustless Environment 

One solution to ensure the right products in the right markets is to obtain the phone IMEI 

(International Mobile Equipment Identity) from the sellers, of which every phone has one (or two, if it 

is a dual SIM version). This unique IMEI number of every phone will reveal information such as the 

model number, the region and hence the version and the related network bandwidth. 

The IMEI can be obtained simply by dialling *#06# and can be verified online. Our team will design 

an API call to a online database service provider and put the information of the IMEI collection as 

well as the tracking of it on blockchain.  

Payment amount would be held in escrow by the smart contract until certain conditions are met, such 

as the providing of IMEI and tracking numbers. The credentials of the sellers and buyers can also be 

provided and verified against, based on their previous trading records and/or credibility based on 

community voting. 

2. Eliminating the Risk of Frauds and Scams 

Since providing the IMEI numbers would mean that the supplier is likely to have the goods with 

them. The IMEI numbers can also be used to ensure that the goods are not stolen goods. As such, 

putting such critical information on blockchain would certainly help to stop scams as well as 

improving trading experience. An API with IMEI database companies could facilitate the checks even 

faster which is in the plan. 

 

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  8 | Page 
 

3. Reducing Transaction Costs and Time 

Cross-border transaction fees will be greatly reduced by choosing to transact using cryptocurrencies 

such as BTC, ETH or even using GES tokens. Time will also be saved and transactions could happen 

within hours, rather than days. 

Both of these are extremely important in the phone trading industry since it is a low margin, high 

turnover business where quick turnaround is always critical in business performance. 

4. Tracking Product Movement and Refurbishment Details 

Information such as when items have been refurbished, who did the refurbishment, current status of 

warranty period, courier used, dates dispatched, tracking numbers, shipment weight, and many other 

logistics records can be put on the blockchain, improving trading experience, combating fraud, and 

preventing shipment inconsistencies.  

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  9 | Page 
 

Section 4: Galaxy eSolutions is the Answer 
 

 

Company Overview 

Galaxy eSolutions, Limited is a Global Cross-border eCommerce business that is set to become the 

Market Leader in the Pre-owned and Refurbished Consumer Electronics Sector. We are headquartered 

in Hong Kong and have our eyes set on Global Markets. Achievements include: 

▪ Reached almost 2M USD monthly sales within 9 months. 
▪ Reached monthly operational break-even point in August 2017. 
▪ Projected to reach 120M USD sales in 2018. 
▪ Exclusive partnership with licensed Apple and Samsung refurbishment factory in bonded 

zone. 

Company Details 

▪ Global Cross-border eCommerce Specialist. 

▪ Incorporated in Hong Kong. 

▪ Launched December 2016. 

▪ Current Products include refurbished Apple phones and iPads, Samsung, HTC, LG, 

Google phones, and DJI Drones. 

▪ Overseas support offices in Philippines, Europe, Australia. 

▪ Total Staff:  55 

▪ Projected Sales (2017): 20M USD 

▪ Number of Country Markets: 26 (Europe, ANZ, NA, etc) 

▪ Planned Country Markets: 50+ 

▪ Number of Current Websites: 4 main sites (30 if including subdomains which are 

localised with local languages, marketing and payment options). 

▪ Proprietary ERP system. 

▪ Full eCommerce Solutions including logistics, fulfilment centre, payment gateway 

solutions, RMA support, e-marketing. 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  10 | Page 
 

Partnerships 

CNS Wireless Wholesale (CNS)  

CNS is a government authorized refurbishment factory for Apple and 

Samsung products in the Shenzhen bonded zone. Besides Foxconn, CNS 

is the only other authorized refurbishment factory for Apple products 

in this zone. 

 

Dafzo 

Dafzo is a decentralised P2P logistics platform which will help develop the 

massive India market as well as the Galaxy eSolutions decentralized logistics 

platform. 

 

Milkyway Distribution  

Milkyway Distribution is a cross-border electronics eCommerce 

specialist with a wide network including Europe, United States, Australia 

and New Zealand. 

 

Origin Protocol  

“The sharing economy without intermediaries”, Origin develops 

protocol for creating sharing economy marketplaces using the 

Ethereum blockchain and IPFS, and will assist in building the 

Galaxy eSolutions marketplace and ecosystem. 

 

Sharder  

Sharder.org, a decentralised information processing and storage company, 

will assist in developing the Galaxy eSolutions hybrid eCommerce model. 

Sharder.org will also assist in promoting our project to the Chinese 

community. 

 

 

  

https://www.dafzo.io/
http://milkyway-distribution.com/
https://www.originprotocol.com/en
https://sharder.org/


 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  11 | Page 
 

Operational Structure 

We have a full team of procurement specialists, quality inspectors, customer service specialists, 

logistic officers, marketing specialists, an IT team, and an accounting team. 

 

 

Traction and Milestones 

Galaxy eSolutions aims to create a “green” global marketplace for refurbished, pre-owned 

smartphones and other consumer electronics. The company repairs and cleans pre-owned consumer 

electronics, then sells those electronics for a discounted rate online. The entire business process is 

managed by Galaxy eSolutions.  

▪ Phones Shipped/Day: ~200  
▪ Country Markets: 30+  
▪ Web Traffic/Month: ~2.5M 
▪ Customers: 30,000+ 
▪ Subscribers: 70,000+ 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  12 | Page 
 

Sales, Contribution Margin and No. Units Sold Growth in 2017 

 

Roadmap 

 

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  13 | Page 
 

Financials 

So far, about 400,000USD has been used to scale to current level, and monthly operational break-even 

point was reached in August 2017. Galaxy eSolutions is seeking funds to not only develop its 

decentralized marketplace and token application, but to also aggressively scale growth. With the right 

opportunity, timing, and partnerships, Galaxy eSolutions is poised for explosive growth. 

Objectives 

▪ Achieve clear profitability by end of 2018. 

▪ Exceed 1BN USD sales by 2022. 

▪ Reach 300M USD valuation of by end of 2022. 

Core Metrics 

▪ Average Order Value: 320 USD 
▪ Stock Turn:  52  
▪ Cash Cycle Turn: 52 

 

Note: The above metric simply suggests that a working capital of 5M USD, will allow Galaxy 

eSolutions to reach 250M USD annual turnover. The cash cycle turn will be improved very soon due 

to a new payment gateway agreement which will shorten the sales proceeds settlement from 7 days to 

2~3 days.  

 

Quarter in 2017 
No. Units 

Sold/Day 
Sales (USD) GP% CM% NP% 

Q1 (Actual) 1,302 $419,103 21.5% 5% -25% 

Q2 (Actual) 8,897 $2,944,398 19.6% 5.5% -2.5% 

Q3 (Actual) 16,120 $5,329,256 22.5% 6% 0.12% 

Q3 (Projection) 28,862 $9,548,387 23% 6.5% 2.96% 

Remarks: Contribution Margin is GP less total direct variable costs of logistics, marketing, 

transactional, and IT fees 

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  14 | Page 
 

 

 

The Galaxy eSolutions Hybrid eCommerce Business Model  

Galaxy eSolutions is an ecommerce ecosystem focusing on the pre-owned and refurbished economy 

which is worth multi-billions. We have several strategic business units, including NDBD, Yabphones, 

and Mobile Freak. NDBD and Yabphones are centralized, and focused on selling, while Mobile Freak 

is a decentralized P2P buy-and-sell platform. Together, centralized and decentralized platforms create 

the Galaxy eSolutions hybrid ecommerce ecosystem. 

▪ NDBD: Currently a B2C (Business-to-Consumer) site evolving to become a marketplace with 
approved suppliers). 

▪ Yabphones: A B2C and F2C (Factory-to-Consumer) site with own branding refurbished 
products. 

▪ Mobile Freak (mobilefreak.com): a site to be built on blockchain to serve the C2C 
(Consumer-to-Consumer), C2B (Consumer-to-Business) and B2B (Business-to-Business) 

refurbished markets. 

The reason for this hybrid model is Galaxy eSolutions’ belief that in the B2C model, where it is sending 

goods to end consumers, the consistency in quality of goods and exceeding expectations are of utmost 

importance. This is a retail experience and only in a centralized model can Galaxy eSolutions fully 

control quality of supplied goods and consumer experience. 

However, Galaxy eSolutions believes that a blockchain, or decentralized model, would suit a 

marketplace serving the C2C, C2B and B2B markets. GES will use Mobilefreak.com for this 

decentralized model and only focus initially on the highly tradable pre-owned and refurbished phones. 

Galaxy eSolutions Platforms 

Instead of selling refurbished electronics through a single, consumer-facing website, Galaxy 

eSolutions operates a number of platforms, including NDBD, YABPhones, Android Reborn (under 

renovation), and Mobile Freak (under development). 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  15 | Page 
 

 

NDBD (live) 

▪ Concept/Appeal: NDBD simply means No Difference, Big Difference (as in general usage and 
quality versus pricing). Targeting general market and consumers that look for savings and yet 

wanted quality assurance. A place where customers will find most professionally refurbished 

electronic products. 

▪ Now: Offering professionally refurbished Apple phones and iPads, Samsung, HTC, LG, 
Google phones, and DJI Drones. 

▪ Future: Will offer more brands and other products, such as Samsung and Macbooks. 
o Would evolve eventually into a marketplace plus direct B2C hybrid site (like 

JD/Amazon). This would involve adding more brands, products and suppliers, as well 

as talents with marketplace establishment and management experiences. 

▪ Over 30 subdomains which are locally translated and customized. 
 

Site: nd-bd.com 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  16 | Page 
 

YABphones (live) 

▪ Concept/Appeal: As the focus is on young people, such as students/fresh grads/ new job 
entrants, GES will rely on social marketing platforms such as Facebook and Youtube. 

▪ Now: Offering professionally refurbished Apple products, targeting at younger markets. 
▪ Future: Will focus solely on Apple products and penetrate such markets. 

o YABphones will only focus on its own refurbished Apple products in order to meet 

and exceed customer expectations and experience. It will also keep its range limited 

to Apple for focused marketing. 

 

Site: yabphones.com 

 

 

  



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  17 | Page 
 

Android Reborn (under renovation) 

▪ Concept/Appeal: For general markets that have preference for Android phones. 
▪ Now: Testing phase with professionally refurbished Android phones. 
▪ Future: Planning to go live after supply and quality control for Android phones are secured and 

funds ready. 

▪ Remark: Android Reborn will only focus on its own refurbished Android products in order to 
meet and exceed customer expectations and experience. It will also keep its range limited to 

Android for focused marketing. 

 

Site: android-reborn.com 

 

  



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  18 | Page 
 

Mobile Freak (under development) 

▪ Concept/Appeal: Mobile Freak’s marketing slogan would be “Mobile Freak offers freaking 
good prices to buy your phones!”. The site will list the phones it could purchase, and list the 

different conditions and relative offer pricing, and market it to consumers wishing to sell 

(either they have extra/unneeded phones or looking for an upgrade). 

▪ It will rely on online payment system and upon collecting the phones, they will be 
consolidated and sent to Hong Kong for either re-selling or refurbishment. Due to the supply 

chain and location advantage, highest prices would be fetched and hence profits maximized. 

▪ Now: Testing phase and site to be launched soon. Need funding to support full marketing, 
operation and working capitals. 

▪ Future: Will include online-to-offline commerce and mall carts/kiosks in shopping malls that 
we use to market buy-back services (buy the phone on spot after inspection) while also 

marketing the NDBD range of products (if customer place orders, we dispatch from 

centralised warehouse in Hong Kong or in that country). 

▪ Remark: Aihuishou, a Chinese site doing similar business and concepts but only on domestic 
market, did 170M USD sales in 2017. 

 

Site: mobilefreak.com 

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  19 | Page 
 

Team 

Management 

Yuen Wong 

Co-Founder & CEO 
  
Yuen has a strong e-commerce sense and entrepreneurial initiative that 

gives him the ability to make the business operate in the global consumer 

markets. Expertise: Entrepreneurship, Business Development, E-

commerce specialist. 

 

 

 

 

Joe Chan 

Chief Technology Officer 
  
A technology lead, he uses new innovative ways for product 

development and generates data-driven strategies and results. Expertise: 

Technical Engineer, Coding, Online Infrastructure and Database. 

 

 

 

 

 

Erik Hohmann 

Chief Marketing Officer 
  
Managing digital projects and campaigns and leading the digital 

marketing team to effectively implement the campaigns across the global 

markets in which we operate. Expertise: Digital Marketing, Social 

media, PR and communication, Global outreach. 

 

 

 

 

 

Chris Wong 

Chief Operating Officer 
  
Chris is data-driven and handles the day-to-day operations, such as 

inventory management, technical user interface on our website and 

analysis and reporting. Expertise: Data analysis, Coding and 

Development, Google Analytics, User interface. 

 

  



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  20 | Page 
 

 

 

Pranav Burnwal 

Blockchain Director 
 
Pranav is our Blockchain expert, he specializes in programming smart contracts 

used in blockchain technology. He is our lead developer on smart contracts and 

tokens that will be used in our ICO. Expertise: Blockchain, Coding, Digital 

Security, Online development, ICOs. 

 

 

 

 

Blockchain Development Committee  

Ben Xiong 

Sharder, CEO & CTO 

 

15 years of experience in programming, B.E. in software from Shanghai 

Jiaotong University, Architect of Seachange, Chief Architect of Yiji Pay, 

Co-founder and CTO of Taogushen.com, Founder of Conch Chain. 

 

 

 

 

Wayne Shao 

Sharder, COO 

 

10 years of experience in management, operating and entrepreneurship, 

B.E. from Tsinghua University, M.S. in Columbia University, General 

Manager of Egholm Maskiner (China), Co-founder and COO of 

Taogushen.com. 

 

 

 

Rick Wang 

Sharder, CMO 

 

6 years of experience in marketing, channel development and 

entrepreneurship, Marketing Director of HuangCheng Technology Co. 

Ltd., General Manager of Zebra Environment Technology Co. Ltd..  

 

 

 

 

 

  



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  21 | Page 
 

Professional & Compliance Team 

Brian Colwell 

ICO Advisor, Crypto Investor 
 
Influencer Brian Colwell is THE specialist in Crypto, Fintech and IoT marketing 

and social media management. His background in financial services sales and 

marketing gives him an eye for producing return on investment, and Brian’s own 

network includes over 100,000 followers. Not only that, but Brian is connected to 

many other influencers and journalists. 

 

 

 

 

 

Simon Choi 

Fintech, Blockchain & Global ICO Lawyer 
 
Simon, previously Head of Legal at TCL, is our advisor on all matters legal. He 

advises on regulatory matters for conducting ICO and using blockchain 

technology. He dictated our terms and conditions for our ICO. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Brennan Bennett 

Blockchain Technology Consultant 
 
Brennan is a blockchain consultant, emerging tech entrepreneur and startup 

advisor. He specializes in HIT blockchain implementation and is a subject matter 

expert in biomedical informatics, clinical decision support systems, drug design 

and pharmacy operations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

  



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  22 | Page 
 

    Business & Advisory Team 
 

Neil Thomas 

CEO & Founder, Muzaara 
 
Neil Thomas is a dynamic leader, who is well versed in the Asia-pacific market 

and global eCommerce trends. With a diverse skill set across platform, 

technology, marketing and a solid business and financial acumen coupled with an 

enthusiasm for the growth opportunities within the region, he is highly engaged 

and effective in driving bottom line results. 

 

 

 
 

Dr. John Wong 

Executive Vice Chairman, Executives' Global Network 
 
Dr. John Wong is known to be a very resourceful and experienced leader. He 

started his career as a management consultant with KMG-Byrne Management 

Consultants Ltd. He is currently a founding member of Rotary Club of Tamar and 

the Past President of the Rotary Club of Taipo. 

 

 

 

 
 

Stanley Lee 

The President at E-Commerce, Association of Hong Kong 
 
An eCommerce entrepreneur, he started in 2006 as an eCommerce seller on 

international eBay platforms. He also founded Continental Global Service 

Limited in 2009, to provide efficient logistics and supporting facilities and 

services, mostly for other eCommerce sellers. 

 

 

 

 
 

Abdulaziz Aljouf 

Founder & CEO, Paytabs 
 
Awarded by Forbes Middle East as one of the leaders inspiring and shaping the 

future of Saudi Arabia. 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  23 | Page 
 

 

Jordan Miller 

Founder & CEO, Paradigm Agency 
 
Previously Heads of Goods in Groupon and GM in Lux Group. An Entrepreneur 

with several successful businesses. 

 

 

  
 
 
 

 

Ken Wong 

GM at Continental Global Service Ltd & 

Executive Officer at E-commerce Association of Hong Kong 
 
Ken Wong has more than 10 years of experience in eCommerce field. 

Previously Business development manager in eBay. 

 

 
 

 

Prateek Sharma 

Co-Founder and CEO of Dafzo.io and Courier Home 
 

Prateek is the Founder/CEO of Dafzo.io and Courier Home, a logistic 

specialist in India. He will lead the effort in helping GES in market entry 

strategy into the massive India market. Both entities will form a strategic 

partnership. 

 

 

 

 

  



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  24 | Page 
 

Section 5: What Makes Us Special? 
 

 

Key Differentiators 

Obviously, Galaxy eSolutions isn’t the only company operating in the refurbished electronics space. 

There are a number of similar companies doing the same thing, but Galaxy eSolutions separates itself 

from the pack in several key areas: 

Branding 

Galaxy eSolutions uses its own branding to build consistent consumer expectations across products. 

This will encourage repeat buying as customers recognize that Galaxy eSolutions is a trusted 

refurbishment provider. 

Price 

Galaxy eSolutions emphasizes lower costs through controls at every stage of the refurbishment 

process. They own a refurbishment factory, and they process all retail transactions themselves. This 

means they control the price and quality. 

Not only that, but Galaxy eSolutions guarantees the best price/quality matrix. 

▪ Foxconn Quality: 95/100; Price: 95/100 
▪ GES Quality: 85/100 ; Price: 70/100 
▪ Misc Competitors: Quality: 65/100; Price: 65/100 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  25 | Page 
 

 

 

Remarks: Foxconn is the Apple officially authorised refurbished factory that only produce Apple 

C.P.O (Certified Pre-Owned). It currently has 1.5m workers. 

Speed to Market 

Galaxy eSolutions promises to get consumer electronics to the market more quickly than its 

competitors. Because the company controls the whole supply chain, it’s in full control of all processes 

required before reaching the market. Galaxy eSolutions doesn’t need to wait for suppliers or third 

party refurbishment companies. 

Warranty 

Galaxy eSolutions has a 13-month warranty on all consumer electronics sold through their 

refurbishment program, a warranty unmatched for professionally refurbished electronics. 

 

  

(Resellers) 

(Resellers) 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  26 | Page 
 

Competitive Study and Comparisons 

 

Factors 

Brands Direct 

(Apple) 

Traditional 

Sellers 

(Local phone 

repair shops) 

Marketplace 

Sellers 

(Amazon / 

Ebay) 

B2C sites 

(Newegg) 

 

 

Competitive 

Price 

  

   

Good Product 

Quality 

 

   

 

Good Service 

Quality 

  

  

 

Stable Supply 

    

 

Wide Product 

Range 

  

  

 

Local Reach 

 

 

   

 

Other Comparison Studies 

Newegg (newegg.com)  

▪ A direct B2C site offering new consumer electronics items which 
later evolve into a marketplace plus global cross-border B2C hybrid. 

▪ Turnover more than 2.5BN USD. 

 

 

Zhuanzhuan (zhuanzhuan.com)  

▪ A Chinese C2C marketplace site selling pre-owned and 
second hand items with a turnover around 3.8BN USD. 

30% of its sales come from mobile phones, with about 

23,000pcs of phones sold daily. 

▪ It was recently valued at 1BN USD while its nearest 2nd hands goods competitor, Xianyu, was 
valued at 3BN USD. 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  27 | Page 
 

Aihuishou (aihuishou.com)  

▪ A Chinese online plus offline site which buys back phones from 
consumers for resales purposes.  

▪ It only focus on domestic market and turnover was 170M USD.  
▪ It had recently raised 60M USD and JD.com was one of the 

investors. 

SWOT Analysis 

Strengths 

▪ Proven Business concept and model with tangible success. 
▪ Current sales all via own stand-alone websites. Full control over destiny. 
▪ Strong partnership in current investors: A well-established logistics company (10,000 staff) 

and a licensed factory in a bonded zone. 
▪ Cost-effective overseas office and marketing support. 
▪ Own proprietary ERP built for eCommerce. 
▪ HQ in Hong Kong, a logistics, trading, duty-free and recycling goods hub. 
▪ High inventory and cash turns. 

 

Weaknesses 

▪ Inadequate funding restricted growth. 
▪ Low level of inventory to meet demands caused poorer than desired reviews. 

 

Opportunities 

▪ Inadequate funding restricted growth.  
▪ Market offers chance for consolidation especially for one that has supply chain advantage. 
▪ Huge potential in emerging markets and developing countries such as India, SEA, Brazil, and 

Russia. 
▪ Chinese brands consumer electronics becoming a dominant force (e.g. Huawei, DJI etc). 
▪ Sales could be easily increased manifold by selling thru marketplaces (such as Amazon). 
▪ Market becoming more environmentally conscious and encourages recycling. 
▪ Generate B2B and Corporate Purchase sales.  
▪ Marketplace opportunities exist aplenty for further growth (e.g Amazon Renewed invited us 

to sell there). 
 
Threats 

▪ Global protectionism and nationalism (increasing trade barriers). 
▪ Waning popularity of Apple products. 
▪ Loss of Apple and Samsung refurbishment rights. 

o Note: Once obtained, unlikely to be revoked given the special ‘Guanxi’ (relationship) 
unless it’s a serious legal infringement, such as exporting to domestic China market, 
which is not allowed in the bonded zone. 

▪ Big players coming into play (e.g. Amazon) as global cross border eCommerce giants are 
looking for growth areas (however, this could be perceived as opportunity for cooperation 
or as a M&A target). 

 

 

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  28 | Page 
 

Section 6: Strategic Positioning 

 
 

eCommerce Solutions 

▪ Proprietary fully developed ERP system built for eCommerce.  

▪ Linked to factory with live sales data and order details for optimal planning. 

▪ Product feed marketing which is synchronised with Google marketing avenues. 
▪ Cross-border logistic solutions, utilising network of couriers and logistics service providers 

such as DHL, Toll, DPEX, Aramex. 

▪ Payment gateway solutions with major players to ensure fraud prevention while enjoying low 
rates and shorter cash cycles. 

 

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  29 | Page 
 

Supply Chain and Partnership Advantage 

 

▪ Factory name: Furunzhi (Major stakeholder: ‘CNS’; With full management rights) 
▪ Location: Shenzhen Yantian Bonded Zone 
▪ Floor Space: 5,400SQM 
▪ Capacity: Current: up to 1000pcs/day; Can increase up to 20,000pcs/day 
 

 
 
▪ Licensed Brands: Apple, Samsung (for now) and could increase 
▪ Certification: ISO 9001,  14001 
▪ Relationship with GES: CNS has stakeholding interest of 45% in GES 
▪ Support brought to GES: Tailored production plan to meet GES B2C projections and requirements; Credit 

term support; Best price and quality mix support; Supply stability and priority 

 

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  30 | Page 
 

 
 

▪ Special license (which is extremely difficult to obtain unless there’s special ‘Guanxi’, or relationship). 
▪ Bonded Zones. 
▪ Government Subsidies on exports. 

 

Unfinished/used products such as phones can be brought into the factory tax-free for refurbishment, and re-

exported for resale purposes with Chinese government subsidies (ensuring better prices). Other rendered support 

includes quality assurance, returns management, inventory management, system integration and communication, 

and credit term. 
 

Location Advantage 

Hong Kong Competitive Advantages: 

▪ Duty Free: Zero taxes on almost everything, including consumer electronics. 
▪ Trading Hub: Hong Kong is a major trading hub for consumer electronics; Estimated 30% 

of all second hand phones are sold/auctioned off here. 
▪ Logistics Hub: Due to historical reasons and location advantage, Hong Kong is a great place 

for cross border eCommerce business like GES. 
▪ Low Corporate Tax: 16.5%, and for next year there will be further reduction for startups. 
▪ Proximity to Shenzhen: To be near to Shenzhen, the Consumer Electronics Capital of China, 

is critical due to supply and logistical issues. 
 

  



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  31 | Page 
 

Section 7: GES Token Offering and Returns 
 

 

 

Token Offering 

▪ Token symbol: GES 

▪ Token Usage: Tokens can be used in ecosystem for services and products.  
▪ Token users receive a 5% token-back reward on purchases at the end of every month. 

▪ Maximum supply: 300M with unsold tokens burned. 

▪ Token Price: 1ETH = 10,000 GES Tokens (0.0001 ETH per token). 
▪ Minimum Purchase: .1 ETH 

▪ Hardcap: 20,000 ETH 
▪ Special Notes on the GES Token: 

*Market Buyback: 20% quarterly profit used on quarterly buyback with 50% burned. 

*Token Value Protection: Galaxy eSolutions to buy back in stages as long as market 

price falls below list price. 

 

 

 

 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  32 | Page 
 

Offer Schedule 

▪ ICO: 28th February 2018 to 31st March 2018  
 

ICO Bonus Structure 

▪ 0.1 to 49 ETH = 20% bonus 

▪ 50 to 99 ETH = 25% bonus 
▪ 100 to 249 ETH = 30% bonus 

▪ 250 to 499 ETH = 35% bonus 
▪ 500 to 999 ETH = 40% bonus 

▪ 1000 to 2499 ETH = 45% bonus 
▪ 2500 ETH and above = 50% bonus 

▪ Additional bonus: if you contribute to both Galaxy eSolutions and Sharder ICOs, you 
will receive a 5% token bonus on your contribution from both parties. 

Please note that figures for the bonuses will be rounded down. 

Token Distribution 

 

GES Token and Value Model 

The GES token is exciting not only in that it can be used on the Galaxy eSolutions marketplace, but also because 

of the buyback and burn model employed in conjunction with a very generous value protection mechanism. Just 

another way Galaxy eSolutions can say thank you to our supporters! 

Token Utility 

GES tokens will have the following usages in the ecosystem: 

▪ For listings services (applicable on suppliers). 
▪ Upgraded services,  such as accreditation of verified and /or featured suppliers. 

▪ For Galaxy eSolutions services such as product refurbishment & inspection services (on 
goods quality).  

https://sharder.org/


 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  33 | Page 
 

▪ To act as ship-on-hold logistic centre (giving greater peace of mind on trading than smart 
contracts). 

▪ GES tokens can be used on Galaxy eSolutions’ sites for purchases. The redeem value of each 
GES token in the marketplace will be current token market price (according to 

coinmarketcap.com).  

▪ Note: a 5% token-back reward on purchases will be issued at the end of each month. 

Market Buyback and Burn Model 

20% (for total) of Galaxy eSolutions’ quarterly profits will be used to buy back GES issued tokens 

from the market and ‘burn’ at least 50% of them.  

Galaxy eSolutions offers a Buyback and Burn value disbursement method, which is both efficient and 

transparent, and which will not be considered as securities according to regulators, thereby not subject 

itself to government interference. 

Galaxy eSolution will systematically buy GES Tokens on exchanges and “Burn” them. “Burn” means 

that purchased tokens will be taken off the market permanently, resulting in a decreased total number 

of GES Tokens, thereby increasing the value of remaining GES Tokens over time. 

Terms and Conditions 

▪ If not all tokens are fully allotted in the crowdsale/ICO, then the 20% profit allocation will be 

on pro rata basis, using the following formula: 

  [Allotted Number of Tokens / Number of Initially Issued Tokens x 20% of annual profit] 

▪ Numbers will be audited annually as required by Hong Kong Tax Authority 

▪ Galaxy eSolutions will commit to continue buyback GES tokens with allocated profits up to 

15 years. 

o Year 1 to Year 10 (from April 1st 2018 to March 31st 2028): 20% of GES overall after 

tax profit will be used to buy back GES tokens from the market. 

o Year 11 to year 15 (from 2028 to 2032): [total tokens in market/total tokens issued x 

20% of profit] will be used for market buyback. 

▪ Buyback will take place between June to Sept every year (Remark: Hong Kong Financial Year 

End is 31st March). 

▪ Buyback price will be based on last 30 days weighted price to prevent possible market/price 

manipulations. 

▪ GES will burn at least 50% of the bought back tokens from the market so that the token 

supply on market will be reduced and when profits increase, holders will rewarded. 

GES Value Protection Mechanism 

Galaxy eSolutions will commit to redeem/buyback its tokens as long as prices fall below its average 

ICO price (based on USD/USDT). This is regardless of profitability and we commit to eventually buy 

up all tokens as long as prices fall below ICO averaged USD price, to give our backers the value 

protection guarantee to illustrate our confidence in our project. 

Terms and Conditions 

▪ This is regardless of profitability and we commit to eventually buy up all tokens as long as 

prices fall below ICO averaged USD price, to give our backers the value protection guarantee 

that illustrates our confidence in our project. 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  34 | Page 
 

▪ This means that we actually provide you a safety net such that you can only look forward to 

gains and upsides. 

▪ This Redemption Program will be based on the following quarterly schedule: 

▪ Each Quarter of 2018 and 2019: 5% of sold GES Tokens (buy back as long as price below ICO 

USD price). 

▪ Total: up to 20% max in 2018 and 20% max in 2019 Respectively. 

▪ Each Quarter in 2020 and 2021: 7.5% of sold GES Tokens 

▪ Total: Up to 30% max in 2020 and 30% max in 2021. 

▪ Year 2022: We will redeem all sold tokens within this year as long as the prices are below 

ICO average USD price. 

Planned Use of Funds 

Funding will allow Galaxy eSolutions to quickly duplicate its current strategy, scale up in both 

existing and new country markets, supply inventory to meet high demands, and develop its 

decentralized marketplace capabilities. 

▪ Inventory: 35% 

▪ Working Capita: 15% 

▪ System and Blockchain Development: 20% 

▪ Overseas Fulfillment Centre: 10% 

▪ System and Site Development: 5% 

▪ O2O Development: 5% 

▪ Social Marketing and Branding: 5% 

▪ App Development: 2% 

▪ Corporate Development: 1.5% 

▪ Talent Acquisition: 1.5% 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  35 | Page 
 

Returns Analysis 

The illustration below is isolated and does not take into account the GES token usage effect within 

the Galaxy eSolutions ecosystem, which could add a multiplier effect to the token price. 

Projected Scenario 1: 5 Years 

Year Sales (USD) NP% NP(USD) 
20% Profit allotted for 

Buyback 

2018     120,532,258  4.7% 5,606,129 1,121,226 

2019     241,064,516  5.2% 12,512,903 2,502,581 

2020     433,916,129  5.5% 23,693,806 4,738,761 

2021     781,049,032  5.6% 44,053,548 8,810,710 

2022  1,249,678,452  6.0% 74,733,631 14,946,726 

Total 32,120,004 

ROI (Return on Investment) 428% 

Remarks: Projected average ROI for overall GES Token purchasers over a full period of five years. Actual 
returns will be subject to market behaviour and conditions. 

Projected Scenario 2: 10 Years 

Year Sales (USD) NP% NP(USD) 
20% Profit allotted for 

Buyback 

2018 120,532,258 4.7% 5,606,129 1,121,226 

2019 241,064,516 5.2% 12,512,903 2,502,581 

2020 433,916,129 5.5% 23,693,806 4,738,761 

2021 781,049,032 5.6% 44,053,548 8,810,710 

2022 1,249,678,452 6.0% 74,733,631 14,946,726 

2023 1,499,614,142 6.0% 89,976,849 17,995,370 

2024 1,799,536,970 6.0% 107,972,218 21,594,444 

2025 2,159,444,364 6.0% 129,566,662 25,913,332 

2026 2,591,333,237 6.0% 155,479,994 31,095,999 

2027 3,109,599,885 6.0% 186,575,993 37,315,199 

Total 166,034,347 

ROI (Return on Investment) 2214% 

Remarks: Projected average ROI for overall GES Token purchasers over a full period of ten years. Actual 

returns will be subject to market behaviour and conditions. 



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  36 | Page 
 

Jan 2018 Note: Galaxy eSolutions has now introduced more token usage which will boost the token potential value. On top of 

that, we have a price protection mechanism introduced that when market price falls below listed price, we will conduct a market 

buy back on GES tokens. As such, projection returns described above may not reflect the entire scenarios. 

Key Assumptions and Findings 

▪ ROI is based on averaged returns for all GES Token purchasers. 
▪ Over a 5 year period, GES Token purchasers could expect a 428% return on their investment 

on average. 

▪ Over a 10 year period, GES Token purchasers could expect a 2214% return on their 
investment on average. 

▪ Actual returns will depend on actual company performances, market sentiments, time of 
selling, business cycles, macroeconomic factors as well as demand and supply of the tokens. 

Galaxy eSolutions has no guarantee on its financial performance and its realisation of profits.  

▪ As GES Tokens work on a Market Buyback and Burn Model, as long as business is on track, 
GES Tokens held longer are more likely to reach higher price. GES Tokens bought back are 

‘burned’, causing a reduction of token supply. 

▪ GES token usage effect within the Galaxy eSolutions ecosystem could add a multiplier effect 
to the token price. 

Corporate Governance 

Audit Requirement 

All Hong Kong entities are required by law to submit their audited financial statements to the Inland 

Revenue Department every year.  Any non-compliance will result in serious consequences imposed 

by government.  

eCommerce Transparency 

eCommerce business has no cash payments/transactions and hence all data are real and actual data. 

Legality Issues 

The terms and conditions, as well as the Galaxy eSolutions business deck, has been checked for 

compliance by our legal advisor, Mr. Simon Choi, a renowned ICO lawyer who was the Head of Legal 

in TCL for 10 years. 

ICO and Security Issues 

Galaxy eSolutions ICO and Web Security has been checked for maximum security by our Blockchain 

Advisors, MR. Pranav Burnwal and Brennan Bennett. 

 

 

 

 

  



 

Galaxy-eSolutions.com  37 | Page 
 

Section 7: Conclusion 
 

 

Positioning ourselves as a Green company in the refurbished consumer electronics market, Galaxy 

eSolutions will operate a hybrid eCommerce ecosystem that utilizes both centralized and 

decentralized marketplaces. The GES token will serve as a utility token in the Galaxy eSolutions 

decentralized marketplace and ensure fast, simple and secure e-commerce transactions.  

 
 

“Galaxy eSolutions is more than an idea:  
it’s an established business with a real vision and a 

proven ability to execute on its goals.” 
 

 

 

Join us in driving global adoption of both sharing and circular economies! 

The Galaxy eSolutions ICO is February 28th - March 31st, 2018.  

See our website or join the conversation on Telegram. 
Last updated: March 2, 2018 

https://galaxy-esolutions.com/
https://t.me/gesico

