











































 WHITE PAPER

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io

http://www.gamemachine.io


       

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Game Machine

Advantages of Game Machine

Basic principles of Game Machine network

Value

To the gamer

To the advertiser

To the game developer

Short game-industry review and advertising market around

The solved industry problems

Gamers

Advertising

Game development

Basic services

Technical realization aspects

Game Machine ecosystem

Game Machine

Client

Ads machine

Rise Machine

Exchange machine

Beta Test

Development plan of the project

ICO

ICO purposes

Characteristics of ICO

Game Machine development

Team

Disclaimer

 

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io

2

4

5

6

6

7

8

9

11

11

12

12

14

15

15

15

16

17

17

19

18

24

27

27

27

31

33

36

http://www.gamemachine.io


       01

GAME MACHINE

Game Machine is the global open ecosystem for a game industry constructed on the basis of
the blockchain technology. Game Machine will unite all participants of this market: gamers,
developers, advertisers for the sake of development of the industry and improvement of
game products quality.

Game Machine creates loyal gaming audience which generates cryptocurrency Gamefuel
by means of the principle of limited Proof-of-Work (Limited-Proof-of-Work). Use of such an
approach allows to limit access to infrastructure to not participants of the market.

The game and advertising platforms are releasing on the basis of Game Machine which
allows to to communicate directly with audience of gamers, developers and advertisers are
implemented.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io2

http://www.gamemachine.io


Due to a combination of the principles of Limited-Proof-of-Work, Proof-of-Authority,
Proof-of-Stake the ecosystem of Game Machine allows to exclude unfair participants,
removes a fraud-traffic and gives the chance to gamers to choose only those projects which
really are interesting for them.

For support of infrastructure and its promoting after a start of a Game Machine blockchain
we launch:

• Game Machine Client — a miner and the program for gamers.

• Rise Machine — the platform for ICO crowd funding of games.

• Ads Machine — the advertising exchange for a game industry.

• Exchange Machine — the crypto exchange for gamers.

Further, this list is supplemented already with any project on the basis of a blockchain of
Game Machine and cryptocurrency Gamefuel for a game industry from exterior developers
who will support infrastructure of Game Machine and a game industry.

We will make joint efforts with all adherents everything that this contribution to development
of the game and advertising industry did not remain unnoticed.
 

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io3

http://www.gamemachine.io


       02

ADVANTAGES OF GAME MACHINE

Low commissions

The commission is adapted under a game industry. The minimum size will provide an
opportunity to make a binding even to micro transactions in an equivalent of several cents.

Combination of the principles

The combination of the principles used in confirmation of transactions, actions, etc. allows
to exclude fraud, to increase reliability of system and to strengthen trust to participants of
a system. The used principles are Limited-Proof-of-Work, Proof-of-Authority, Proof-of-Stake.

Smart contracts

Simple smart contracts and the minimum commission give the chance to create any projects
for a game industry: game exchangers, shops, cybersports services to hold mass and pair
tournaments, to include in the games and many other things.

Simple entrance to an ecosystem

Involvement of gamers happens with the help of a product of Game Machine Client. It is the
functional program for PC allowing to use fully all power of modern technologies. The
simplest and clear access to a mining, game items, transfers of cryptocurrency, crowd
funding and games shops, and also social components of the appendix.

It is ready for exchange

Exchange of items or services for gamers, a game developers, advertisers most
conveniently and quickly. All assets, from gaming experience to finishing items for a
popular game tokenize most simply. Use of smart contracts and a blockchain does
transactions and exchange the safest and transparent.

Safety

Realization of the main currency in Game Machine ecosystem (Gamefuel ) fully corresponds
to the CCSS standards in order to ensure of the maximum indicators of safety.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io4

https://cryptoconsortium.github.io/CCSS/
http://www.gamemachine.io


       03

BASIC PRINCIPLES OF GAME MACHINE 
NETWORK

Limited-Proof-of-Work (LPoW)

Difference from classical Proof-of-Work in which equipment power directly influences awards
and creates “a power race” creating many negative factors, such as: the difficult entrance of
new participants, forces to make investments in the equipment, but not in development of
network, strong increase in consumption of electricity, etc. LPoW allows to remove these
problems, having made access to a possibility of use of PoW limited.

The used restrictions: a mining from the special equipment and farms with high rates of
speed (restriction on speed and as the equipment), access to a mining only gamers
(authorizations Steam Auth, Twitch.tv, Wargaming.net ID etc.) and other types defined at a
design stage of a blockchain of Game Machine.

Proof-of-Authority

Some transactions, for example, crowdfunding transactions for new projects, can be
confirmed by means of the principle of Proof-of-Authority. The authoritative user of an
ecosystem of Game Machine during participation improves the global indicators, such as
time of system use, progress, mining speed, the number of the carried-out transactions,
an expertise in system, level in the connected services and games, etc. Such transactions
allow to make more reliable carrying out crowd funding/rent/sale in the game sphere.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io5

https://steamcommunity.com/
https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/authentication
https://ru.wargaming.net/id/signin/?next=/id/openid/4211336975754469544/&trust_root=https%3A//ru.wargaming.net/
http://www.gamemachine.io


       04

VALUE

The ecosystem of Game Machine sets as the purpose development a game industry,
improvement of products quality and creation of global loyal audience around the project.
The value of system is created and supported for each participant of Game Machine.

TO THE GAMER

Gamers are the main participants of an ecosystem therefore exactly around their needs and
problems and Game Machine is under construction. Base gamers have an opportunity to
participate in development of the cryptoworld and to receive an award for it in liquid
cryptocurrency Gamefuel . By means of the client of Game Machine Client the gamer gets
full access to possible use of this cryptocurrency:

• Purchase of in-game items in favorite games

• Translations Gamefuel between participants of system,

• Participation in crowdfunding interesting projects,

• Performance of motivated tasks for an award,

• Safe and simple intergame exchange of items,

• Access to new opportunities in the game world, such as purchase of an in-game 
items in the p2p-credit, rent of in-game items for a while,

• Access to any services using cryptocurrency Gamefuel and Game Machine smart contracts.

In details about in-game items

The in-game item is the item existing in a game and used by gamers for the purpose of
improvements of a game character’s characteristics. Such items of a miscellaneous
influence game process: in some games items directly improve character’s characteristics 
and influence balance and superiority over other players, in others are means of
manifestation of identity.

It is possible to receive items in the different ways depending on a game and the item.
Some items are given only for certain achievements in a game and demand time
expenditure, some items can be bought directly from the developer of a game, and some
can be received only having exchanged with other player.

From the moment of online games emergence Internet services for exchange and
purchase of items among players began to appear in large quantities. The known
MMORPG World of Warcraft, Lineage 2 and others in which game currency was in great
demand not only on official servers, but also on the emulators started by enthusiasts were
the first wave. Exactly due to it there was a growing and self-organized market in which not
only developers of games, but also directly players began to participate. Emergence of skins
(a wrapper for items) in the game Counter-Strike became the second wave: Global
Offensive from Valve after which skins began to use as actual value: marketplaces,
exchangers, game services with items and many other things began to appear.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io6

http://www.gamemachine.io


Now virtual items is a standard practice in online games, especially with model of
monetization free-to-play. The most mass online games with items it is possible to call next
games:

• Steam platform games: Counter-Strike, Dota 2, Team Fortress 2, Player Unknowns 
Battlegrounds and other. In these games in quality the main unit of a virtual item 
uses skins. The term a skin comes from typical function of this virtual item: it 
changes appearance of a game avatar of the user, weapon or the equipment. Skins 
can exchange between users and to sell/buy respectively.

• Wargaming games: World of Tanks, World of Warships, World of Warplanes. In 
these games the main unit of a virtual item are an internal currency (gold or 
doubloons depending on a concrete game). For this currency it is possible to buy the 
special equipment possessing special characteristics and giving advantage in fight. 
The main way of receiving gold is the investment of own means. In these games 
there is no possibility of items exchange between players, but there is a 
possibility of an item purchase as to itself, and as a gift to any user.

• Blizzard games: World of Warcraft, Hearthstone, Overwatch, etc. In these games 
different schemes of monetization and different ways of interaction with in-game 
items. For example, it is possible to transfer any things in a game at an auction in 
World of Warcraft, in Hearthstone monetization is based on purchase of peculiar 
“boosters” — packs of five cards of a different rarity.

• Online games (MMORPG) from other developers: Warthunder, Archeage, Eve 
Online, Lineage 2, Aion, RF Online, Warface, Perfect World and great number of 
others. In all these games there is an internal currency (gold, Aden, the credits, etc. 
depending on a game). Schemes of connection and monetization different, but all 
allow to receive internal currency of a game on a certain player by means of external 
services.

TO THE ADVERTISER

Advertisers can use Gamefuel  coins for creation of advertising campaigns in the form of
offer for gamers in an office of the advertiser of Game Machine Ads. For this purpose
the advertiser needs to create a campaign, to establish the award size for the gamer, to
create the description of a task and necessary metrics then to transfer the necessary amount
Gamefuel  for carrying out advertising campaign to the transit address for the subsequent
distribution of an award for performance of tasks between gamers.

The transit address is public and transparent and viewing of transaction is available to any
user.

Check of a task performance happens on the server, and the message about
achievement of necessary steps and the purpose is transmitted through Game Machine Ads
API or special SDK for PC/Android/iOS.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io7

http://www.gamemachine.io


Possible offer types for gamers:

• video viewing,

• transition to the website,

• installation of the application or programs,

• achievement of certain results in the appendix and the program (for example, 
achievement of level, etc.)

• other types of actions which can be declared through Game Machine Ads API.

Payment by means of suspense account and Gamefuel  coins guarantees transparency of
coins distribution among the gamers who are carrying out an offer, purity of a traffic (these
are only the gamers who underwent validation for a mining using the client of Game
Machine), speed of advertising start campaign and exact analytics.

From service for advertisers of Game Machine Ads takes the responsibility for moderation of
campaigns, maintenance and help, keeping for support of these services the commission at
the rate from 2% to 5% of the total cost of advertising campaign.

The minimum cost of advertising campaign for launch will make 1 000 Gamefuel that gives the 
chance to get an access to advertising network even to small publishers of
games and small business.

Problems of classical offer advertising networks are solved with the help of blockchain
technology and opportunities to use data on the user of the client of Game Machine for
confirmation of reality of the participant. So, the advertiser can make the company available only 
for gamers who use Game Machine more than 3 months or bound phone and
connected an entrance through TOTP.

TO THE GAME DEVELOPER

We divide advantage of a product for the sphere of development into 2 large sectors: the
companies and big, already taken place, teams and small teams or indie-developers. Each of
these segments is subject to the problems and looks for their decisions.

To the companies and big teams

The large companies and big teams will have an opportunity to monetize a traffic which they
could not monetize earlier. It gives arrival of the new capitals and reduces costs for
marketing expenses for interaction with this audience.

To indie-developers and small teams

Indie-developers will be able to carry out crowd funding of the game on the Rise Machine
platform and to attract the capital from the interested audience which is usually not
participating in crowdfunding because of lack of the necessary sum and also the first
players.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io8

http://www.gamemachine.io


       05

SHORT GAME-INDUSTRY REVIEW AND 
ADVERTISING MARKET AROUND

The global game market over the past few years shows positive dynamics and rather rapid
growth. It agrees to research of the Newzoo company, in 2016 it made $101.1 billion, in
2017 will make already $108.9 billion, and by 2020 will pass for $128.5 billion. We invite you
to become a part of this new and dynamically emerging market.

The general interest of audience in this market is attracted by really rapid growth of its
segment — the eSports market which shows really impressive dynamics of growth. From
2015 till 2016 it grew more than by 43% — from $325 million to $463 million. In 2020 the
market of cybersport can already reach volumes in $1.5 billion. This segment, besides
growth in monetary volume, shows the same volumes in growth of audience. For example,
one of the most popular championships in the world of cybersport of The International on the
game Dota 2 in 2017 reached peak in more than 10 million viewers at once, and in 2014 the
similar peak was at the level of 2 million. For comparison, the final of the seventh season of
Game of Thrones was watched (или has been watched) by the audience of 12 million 
people. Other known championship on the game League of Legends this year collected the
general audience of the unique audience near 43 million people.

More than 50% of audience of broadcast of cybersports meets in the eSports market
investigated by the Newzoo company are not only an audience of cybersport, but also the
acting gamers spending free time in favorite computer games.

In the global market of computer games 42% of the market of mobile-games are included,
23% of the market of computer games and 31% of the market of games for consoles. The
total amount of the market is estimated at $108.9 billion for 2017 from which to a share of
games for PC more than $25 billion come. Despite a trend of reduction of percentage
volume of a share of games for PC and games for the console in general, volume in money
remains same (about $25 billion for PC and $33 billion for the console), it is possible to call a
tendency positive as developers of large games for PC master also the mobile-market. So,
the most known example, the game Hearthstone from the Blizzard company which is
multi platform (there are versions for PC, Android, iOS, macOS, etc.) thanks to inclusion of a
mobile-segment in February, 2016 passed for 50 million users.

One of large segments of the global game market is the market of marketing and
advertising. Now on the market there are services that allow advertisers to communicate
directly with the gaming audience, for example, one of the most famous gamer streaming
services Twitch.tv is visited by more than 100 million people a month, who spend an average
of watching their favorite streams more than 100 minutes a day. (note: Stream is a live video
game / event / championship broadcast).

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io9

https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/esports-revenues-will-reach-696-million-in-2017/
https://esc.watch/tournaments/dota2/international-2017
http://www.lolesports.com/en_US/articles/2016-league-legends-world-championship-numbers
https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/esports-franchises-70-watch-only-one-game-and-42-dont-play/
https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/esports-franchises-70-watch-only-one-game-and-42-dont-play/
https://blizzard.gamespress.com/WHISPERSOFTHEOLDGODSNOWLIVE
http://twitchadvertising.tv/audience/
http://www.gamemachine.io


However, as this market is at a development stage, it is impossible to call it available to all
segments of advertisers. The entrance on the global market of gamers and on its segments
is used generally by pioneers and creators of these segments or large brands. For example,
in the eSports market such brands as Coca-Cola, Audi, Red Bull, Intel, ESPN, Taco Bell and
others are already involved in sponsorship. Large brands are tied not only on advertising
purchase, but also on sponsorship. It agrees to the latest data in 2018 and 2019 division into
direct advertising and sponsorship in the eSports market will approach 50%.

In a mobile-segment of the global game market regarding marketing and advertising a
market division picture absolutely different: offer advertising networks are strongly
developed, for example ironSource, Tapjoy, Fyber. These are dynamically developing
companies, for example, the Israeli company ironSource later second round of investments
and merges to the SuperSonic company it is estimated more, than at $1 billion. Such
advertising networks are intermediaries between publishers of games and mobile
applications and advertisers and are not deprived of problems which disturb game
publishers and gamers. Despite this it is possible to call offer advertising networks the most
profitable way of monetization free-to-play mobile games for developers and publishers of
games at present.

Including thanks to it the size of the market of mobile games will reach in 2017 $42 billion
against $25 billion the market of computer games (without browser). The paradox and need 
of introduction of direct communication on the market of PC games is confirmed by the
number of players: according to Newzoo in 2017 players on mobile platforms are about 30%
less, than on PC (825 million mobile players against 1.2 billion players on PC). Introduction
of modern tools on interaction from audience can give new breath to the segment of PC
games losing percent.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io10

MOBILE

825 M
GAMERS COUNT

$42 B
MARKET SHARE

PC

1.2 B
GAMERS COUNT

$25 B
MARKET SHARE

VS
ON 2017

“ESports. If you’re a marketer, this is one of those words that’s started to buzz around 
you are sure you’re going to be sick of soon.”

— Forbes, Why eSports Is The Next Big Thing In Marketing

http://www.businessinsider.com/esports-market-growth-ready-for-mainstream-2017-3
http://ironsrc.com/
http://tapjoy.com/
http://fyber.com/
https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/ironsource#/entity
https://www.cbinsights.com/research/unicorn-startup-market-map/
https://newzoo.com/insights/segments/mobile-games/
http://www.gamemachine.io
https://www.forbes.com/forbes/welcome/?toURL=https://www.forbes.com/sites/baldwincunningham/2016/02/25/why-esports-is-the-next-big-thing-in-marketing/&refURL=&referrer=#1f968a463bfe


       06

THE SOLVED INDUSTRY PROBLEMS

GAMERS

The most part of the games existing online extend on the free-to-play model and demand
monetary injections for a comfortable game, and the balance is rather often tied in games on
purchase of game items. In many games in-game purchase — is the way to be allocated
and to cause a stir from other players. Such item can cost rather much and be remote for
the average player.

It is more than a third of loyal players, more than 12 months, and a quarter of new players
which spent for a game, are dissatisfied that more successful players much stronger, more
richly also own special items. In addition 24% of loyal players and 27% of new players are
dissatisfied that for a comfortable game and an opportunity it is necessary to win in principle
to pay.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io11

Apparently from the statistics given above quite big layer of audience is not ready to make
personal investments in sufficient volume for purchase of items. In spite of the fact that,
this audience in principle is ready to pay and it accepts situation with “dishonest” balance, by
means of Game Machine they could save or afford more interesting and expensive items.

https://newzoo.com/news/newzoo-custom-community-research-better-understand-retain-monetize-gamers/
http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io12

Therefore Game Machine allocates for itself the following segments of audience:

1. Gamers who in principle are not ready to pay for in-game items and try to get them 
by means of a game, but not always have sufficient time

2. Gamers who invest money in games and are ready to pay for in-game items, but 
because of financial welfare are not able to afford even averages at the price items

Gamers who already invest in games money in sufficient volume and pay for in-game 
items average and high at the price, but had no objection to save or buy 
even better items . 

ADVERTISING

The main mistakes of advertisers and marketing specialists are the wrong definition of target
audience, the choice of streamers or the advertising platform and, as a result, an
underestimating of efficiency of the advertising channel.

Opacity of analytics and high commissions

Also mistakes in assessment of efficiency of advertising channels are influenced by lack of
transparency of the analytical data given by advertising networks. In fact, all advertising
networks are intermediaries in communication of the advertiser with gamers and the
following metrics often are doubtful:

• there are no exact data on the commission of advertising network,

• there are no exact data on characteristics of a traffic,

• advertising networks are subject to a fraud and do not give exact data on reality of 
the user

Anti-fraud

In addition the imperfect systems of an anti-fraud which are insufficiently developed by SDK
and API create problems with charge of an award to the gamer participating in a campaign.
According to our statistics on appendices with uses of advertising network Tapjoy about 80%
of users had problems with an award for video and about 20% with big awards for heavy
tasks.

GAME DEVELOPMENT

The free-to-play model which succeeded classical model of the subscription used, for
example, in World of Warcraft was widely adopted very much and gave the chance to play
online games to players who have no free finance which they can spend for games. Thus,
the percent of the players buying in-game items allowed to receive at competent approach
to balance not smaller, and even big profit, than in classical model of a subscription or single
sale. But, nevertheless, the percent of the paying gamers is really low and by different
estimates makes from 5 to 15% of all weight, and all other audience is hardly monetized on
classical models of monetization.

http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io13

Game developers invest additional money in marketing, joint advertising campaigns with the
well-known brands (for example, World of Tanks and Burger King, Warface and KFC, etc.)
instead of increasing financing by development and improvements of the product. Huge
layer of players at last will have an opportunity to receive things free of charge, just providing
capacities of the computer for a mining, and the companies developers — at last will be able
to monetize other part of the audience.

http://www.gamemachine.io


       07

BASIC SERVICES

GAME MACHINE GATEWAY

The Gateway Game Machine Gateway allows you to interact with the API of various games
and services through a single entry point. Using the gateway, the player’s account is linked
to the Game Machine ecosystem and its profiles in those games, the items in which he
wants to receive.

GAME MACHINE CLIENT

Game Machine Client is a uniform entry point for audience of gamers in Game Machine
ecosystem. The client unites in himself functionality of a purse for cryptocurrency Gamefuel
and basic services for gamers, such, as:

• shop of in-game items,

• tasks from partners and advertisers of Ads Machine,

• miner of Game Machine,advertising networks are subject to a fraud and do not give exact 

• purse for carrying out transactions of cryptocurrency Gamefuel

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io14

GAME MACHINE WALLET

Game Machine Wallet is the functional purse allowing participants of an ecosystem of Game
Machine to make Game Machine Client which are not needing wide functionality
transactions with cryptocurrency Gamefuel . 

Game Machine Wallet is available on Windows, Mac OS, Linux, Android, iOS.

ADS MACHINE

Ads Machine is an advertising platform for creation and management of campaigns of the
advertisers interested in gaming audience.

RISE MACHINE

Rise Machine is a crowdfunding platform for fund raising for game projects. Any gamer the
participant of Game Machine will be able to enclose the coins in a game and to receive a
game or special bonuses the first. In addition the Rise-developer will be able to carry out by
Initial Game Offering (IGO), suggesting to divide profit on a game in Gamefuel tokens with
crowdfund investors.

EXCHANGE MACHINE

Exchange Machine — the exchange connecting trade between popular gaming currencies
and gaming assets.

http://www.gamemachine.io


       08

TECHNICAL REALIZATION ASPECTS

GAME MACHINE ECOSYSTEM

Game Machine — blockchain, which is realized on the basis of a blockchain-framework Scorex 2
from Scorex Foundation. Scorex 2 the powerful blockchain-framework written in the Scala
language, allowing to realize necessary functionality of Game Machine, such as smart 
contracts and the principle of LPoW. This the framework positively proved in several large
and known blockchain-projects, one of the most famous representatives — the Waves
platform.

Game Machine will be implemented in blockchain at the program level and to limit:

• the maximum mining speed of the block is approximately equivalent to two video 
cards of the GTX1080 family.

• for confirmation that the gaming computer will use both program practices, and the 
basic joint ventures,

• speed change of mining depending on level of credibility to knot (mining time, usage 
time of Game Machine and other measurable characteristics of the user).

Thus, the mining will be limited only for gaming computers.

Blockchain realisation of Game Machine and the algorithms used for a mining will be is in
the general access in Github system, but are defined at a design stage of a blockchain.

Besides restrictions which force to use only own blockchain also the feature in realisation of
all necessary functionality is added and to provide addition and new opportunities in Game
Machine ecosystem. Firstly, it is implementation of smart contracts for creation of DApp on
the basis of Game Machine, and also freedom in introduction of all modern and innovative
solutions for development of all blockchain-sphere.

Gamefuel — basic currency of a blockchain of Game Machine with an open code of the
smart contract and received in an award for a mining. All functionality of Gamefuel will be
realized according to CCSS standards for achievement of the maximum indicators of safety.

In currency of Gamefuel there can be 18 signs after a comma, the minimum value of
cryptocurrency 1 * 10^-18 Gamefuel = 1 ence.

GAME MACHINE

Server

From the technical point of view of Game Machine is classical server API for interaction with
it from clients under the systems Windows, Android, iOS, and, in the future, systems of the
Linux and OS X family.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io15

https://github.com/ScorexFoundation/Scorex
https://github.com/
https://cryptoconsortium.github.io/CCSS/
http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io16

The Game Machine server providing realization of API is a web application on a standard
stack of technologies:

• Laravel 5.4 (PHP 7.1)

• Redis,

• PostgreSQL,

• nginx, PHP-fpm, docker containers,

• UNIT tests, API tests

Also for preparation of the server for highload further will be used:

• memcached, RabbitMQ

• microservices for PHP, Golang, nodeJS, Scala and other languages depending on 
tasks.

The Game Machine server realizes the following functionality:

• authorization and registration of users,

• game services — exchange of Game Machine for in-game items

• internal shop of games for Gamefuel,

• the services for gamers which are closely integrated with games and system 
(matches with rates for Gamefuel and similar services),

• social services (chats, news, discussions, etc.).

Also the gamer or the user of an ecosystem of Game Machine will be able to use the
website or a mobile application for use of limited number of services.

CLIENT

The client is appendices under operating systems written on JavaFX.

The gamer will have several options of participation in development of a Gamefuel coin: it
can be just a miner, or store also the copy of a blockchain of Gamefuel for decentralization
maintenance. Miner which store the copy of a blockchain receive an additional award for
participation in development of a platform.

The Mining of a Gamefuel coin will be also available from the client and is connected by
default to the main pool of Game Machine.

It is focused on development and addition of new functionality for gamers and users of a coin
of Gamefuel. Now in the client the full-fledged purse for management of Gamefuel coins with
a possibility of creation of transaction and sending Gamefuel for addresses of other users
will appear.

http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io17

ADS MACHINE

After Gamefuel coin entry into the exchange and start of own blockchain to be started Ads
Machine. It is the service for advertisers allowing to create offers and to conduct
advertising campaigns on the basis of a blockchain of Gamefuel.

The technologies planned in use:

• Laravel 5.4 (PHP 7.1),

• Redis, memcached, RabbitMQ,

• Golang and other languages for microservices,

• nginx, PHP-fpm, docker-containers,

• SDK for Android, iOS (java, objective c),

• PostgreSQL.

Within Ads Machine of the advertiser will be created:

• System of creation and management of campaigns;

• Separate web purses for the advertiser;

• Systems of statistics and analytics;

• API and SDK for definition of achievement of actions by users;

• System for the organization of support service,

• Systems of additional control of a fraud and price markups.

RISE MACHINE

The technologies planned in use:

• Laravel 5.4 (PHP 7.1),

• Redis, memcached, RabbitMQ,

• Golang and other languages for microservices,

• nginx, PHP-fpm, docker-containers,

• SDK for Android, iOS (java, objective c),

• PostgreSQL.

Within Ads Machine of the advertiser will be created:

• System of creation and management of crowdfunding campaigns;

• Systems of statistics and analytics;

• System for the organization of support service,

http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io18

EXCHANGE MACHINE

The technologies planned in use:

• Laravel 5.4 (PHP 7.1),

• Redis, memcached, RabbitMQ,

• Golang, Scala and other languages for microservices,

• nginx, PHP-fpm, docker-containers,

• PostgreSQL.

Within the framework of Exchange Exchange Machine will be created:

• Classic exchange systems for trading,

• The systems of adding ERC-20 tokens and linking them to game values,

• Personal cabinet and verification systems

BETA-TEST

For check of the idea and collecting statistics and necessary metrics of Game Machine in
September, 2016 it is started in the beta test mode.

Server

The Game Machine server at a stage of beta-start is the monolithic appendix the
implementing REST API for communication with the beta-client of Game Machine.

The used server technologies:

• Laravel 5.4 (PHP 7.1),

• Redis,

• PostgreSQL,

• nginx, PHP-fpm, docker-containers,

• unit-tests

The technologies planned to use further:

• memcached, RabbitMQ

• microservices on PHP, Golang, nodeJS and other languages depending on tasks

The server is prepared for scaling and horizontal expansion.

http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io19

The    server    undertakes    tasks: 

• authorizations    and    registration    of    new    users, 

• control    of    service    functions    and    user    characteristics, 

• storage    and    interaction    with    a    show-window    of    game    items,

• deliveries    of    in-game    items   and    micro    transactions,

• optimization    of    the    client    (miner)    under    system    characteristics    of    the    personal  
computer   of    the    specific    user,

• control    and    distribution    of    the    coins    received    by    means    of    a    mining

• maintaining    classical    and    event-based    statistics.

At    the    moment    the    mining    of    internal    currency    in    the    client    is    a    mining    of    the    third-par-
ty currencies    having    low    requirements    to    characteristics    of    the    computer.    The    base    cur-
rency, which    is    in    the    beta-client    Gamefuel    —    Zcash . 

Distribution    of    an    award    to    users    for    a    mining    happens    by    calculation    of    value    of    change    
of an    indicator    found    a    sphere    (rating)    on    a    bullet    on    each    user    of    times    at    1    o’clock, 
normalization    of    these    data    and    distribution    of    change    of    balance    of    the    address    on    a    
bullet for    an    hour    according    to    the    obtained    normalized    data.    Control    and    verification    of    
data    are carried    out    by    the    server    interacting    only    with    API    of    a    pool.

This    scheme    has    the    shortcomings    and    is    not    scalable    and    suitable    for    realization    of    all 
opportunities    and    achievement    of    all    purposes    which    are    put    before    itself    by    Game    Ma-
chine.

Client

The    client    of    Game    Machine    at    a    stage    of    beta-start    represents    realization    of    the    main 
functionality    and    the    miner    of    currency    allows    to    start,    to    perform    third-party    advertising    
tasks and    to    interact    with    the    server    on  REST    API.

Important    feature    of    the    beta-client    of    Game    Machine    —    control    of    loading    of    resources    
of the    computer    for    delay    and    a    stop    of    a    miner    in    operating    time    with    the    computer    
and automatic    resumption    of    work    of    a    miner    at    the    idle    time    moments    within    several    
seconds. This    feature    allows    not    only    to    level    influence    of    logs    from    a    miner    on    the    used    
computer,    but also    in    a    full    measure    to    use    computer    resources.

In    beta-implementation    on    the    client    different    miner    for    different    currencies,    depending    
on used    on    the    computer    the    equipment    are    used.    Miners    are    directly    connected    to    a    
pool    and they    are    workers,    and    distribution    of    an    award    happens    on    the    party    of    the    
Game    Machine server.    As    well    as    it    was    told    earlier,    at    the    moment    basic    currency    for    a    
mining    is    Zcash.

Miner are sub programmes of the client and are downloaded and established from the server
in the background in operating time of the Game Machine program. The user should not
adjust something and to check, the program itself will define a suitable miner, will download
it and will start.
  

http://www.gamemachine.io
https://z.cash/


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io20

The    used    technologies:  

• JavaFX,    CSS,    FXML    —    a    graphic    cover 

• Spring    Boot    —    internal    logic    of    the    program

•  Retrofit,    Jackson    —    work    with REST API

• WinAPI,    DxApi    —    communication    with    an    operating    system    and    drivers    of    the    video 
card. 

The    program    has    a    possibility    of    work    in    the    background,    a    conclusion    of    notices    and    
auto start. 

Screenshots    of    the    Game    Machine    program    for    Windows    OS    are    given    below.

Fig.   №   1:   Appearance   of   the   client.   Main   page   of   a   miner.

http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io21

Fig.   №   3.   Appearance   of   the   client.   Show-window   of   shop.

Fig.   №   2.   Appearance   of   the   client.   Page   of   shop   of   objects.

http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io22

Fig.   №   4.       Appearance of  the  client.  An  example  of  a  case on the game Counter-Strike:GO.

http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io23

http://www.gamemachine.io


       09

DEVELOPMENT    PLAN    OF    THE    PROJECT 

It is shown bellow short roadmap development of the project for 2 years ahead from the
moment of the beginning of the first work on the Game Machine project below. We see
Game Machine a new global milestone in development of a game-industry and we consider
that it is that minimum which we will manage to make for this period. Some stages are not
considered in this roadmap — a thicket it the repeating events or are more rare hidden from
us behind “war fog”.

March, 2017:

• Creation of a concept of the project.

• Investment of own means ($80 000);

• Start of development of the project.

May, 2017:

• MVP Game Machine blockchain protocol and gateway to withdraw in-game items;

• Receiving Pre-seed of investments ($120 000);

• Start of development of Game Machine Client

September, 2017:

• The closed beta test Game Machine (mining, conclusion of the items WoT, CS:GO, 
Dota 2).

October, 2017:

• Testing the advertising model using third-party advertising based on the beta client;

• Creation of the Game Machine mobile application,

• Addition of items and conclusion in the games Warface, WarThunder, World of 
Warships;

• Creation of a private office of the investor.

November, 2017:

• Addition of a possibility of purchase for coins of the games Steam and transfer to the 
Steam-account.

• Pre-ICO

December, 2017:

• Carrying out ICO. The purpose — $20m;

• Main improvements Game Machine PC Client and App

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io24

http://www.gamemachine.io


January, 2018:

• Start development own advertising network - Ads Machine

• Development of referral system

• Development of the system of pumping and rewardings for gamers

February, 2018:

• Development of the website for control of a miner and introduction of additional 
functions

March, 2018:

• Transfer of a miner to Gamefuel blockchain;

• Exchange of tokens of GMIT for Gamefuel;

• Development of iOS of the application for management of a miner and additional 
awards for gamers.

April, 2018:

• Gamefuel conclusion to the exchanges;

• Gamefuel Wallet creation.

June, 2018:

• Start of MVP Ads Machine.

August, 2018:

• Ads Machine start.

September, 2018:

• Development of external API Game Machine.

• MVP Rise Machine.

December, 2018:

• Development of internal game shop for indie-developers.

• Rise Machine start.

March, 2019:

• Development anti-fraud on the basis of blockchain technology decisions for 
advertising displays on partner resources.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io25

http://www.gamemachine.io


July, 2019:

• Expansion of advertising network Ads Machine for displays on partner resources.

September, 2019:

• MVP Exchange Machine.

November, 2019:

• Exchange Machine start.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io26

http://www.gamemachine.io


       10

ICO 

ICO PURPOSES

Our idea — creation of the global open ecosystem for a game-industry constructed on the
basis of blockchain technology. Game Machine will unite all participants of this market:
gamers, developers, advertisers for the sake of development of the industry and
improvement of quality of game products.

Currency Gamefuel — it is a liquid asset in which are interested large gaming community as
Gamefuel has direct converting in in-game items and it is used for a global turn in a
game-industry between gamers, developers and advertisers. Also after entry into the
exchanges currency Gamefuel it can be used for speculative trade.

For implementation of all ideas and realization of a product the capital on development, the
capital on marketing is necessary for us for an exit to worldwide the market and working
capital for implementation of obligations to miner (currency exchange on in-game items).

We expect that our project will be attractive to members crypto - communities which will
promote development of the project by investments and will take part in creation of new
infrastructure for gamers, the cryptoworld and the world of digital-advertising.

CHARACTERISTICS OF ICO

On end of the period of sale of tokens all participants will receive ERC-20 exchange GMIT in
network Ethereum.

After start of the main network the exchange token of GMIT will be exchanged for Gamefuel
coins in the ratio defined at the time of exchange or kept for a possibility of receiving profit on
advertising network Ads Machine. All operations described in the present document will be
performed by means of Gamefuel coins, and the exchange token of GMIT will allow to
receive coins from initial issue.

Pre-sale

Start date of Pre-sale: November 21, 2017.
Expiration date of Pre-sale: December 5, 2017

Discount for tokens for the period of Pre-sale:

• 40% (1 GMIT = 0.00024 ETH) during first day,

• 30%  (1 GMIT = 0.00028 ETH) during second day,

• 25%  (1 GMIT = 0.0003 ETH) during third day,

• 20%  (1 GMIT = 0.00032 ETH) remaining days,

The maximum hardcap Pre-sale in ETH — 2 800 ETH.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io27

http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io28

Main sale

Start date of ICO: December 14, 2017.
Expiration date of ICO: January 31, 2018

The total amount of the released coins: 140 000 000 GMIT
Basic exchange rate of GMIT on ICO: 1 GMIT = 0.0004 ETH

The minimum quantity for purchase: 25 GMIT (0.01 ETH)
The maximum quantity for purchase: 7, 500 000 GMIT (3 000 ETH)

Bonuses:

1 week: +15% of volume of the bought GMIT tokens,
2 week: +10% of volume of the bought GMIT tokens,
3 week: +5% of volume of the bought GMIT tokens.

Referral program: 6 000 000 GMIT (4,6% of total amount)
Bounty: 2 000 000 GMIT (1,5% of total amount)

Hardcap: 40 000 ETH
Softcap: 3 000 ETH

Rules of issue and distribution of coins

• For investors of ICO will it is available to 71,4% of total amount (100 000 000 GMIT) 
including all bonuses.

• For initial distribution of in-game of items and balance for payments to gamers 
14,3% of total amount (20 000 000 GMIT) will be used.

• 7,1% (10 000 000 GMIT) of tokens will be distributed between participants of team.

• For a bounty 1,4% of total amount (2 000 000 GMIT) will be used.

• For an award to advisors 1,4% of total amount (2 000 000 GMIT) will be used.

• For the referral program 4,3% of total amount (6 000 000 GMIT) will be used,

• All raised funds are accepted and stored on purses with the multi signature.

Time of distribution of Gamefuel and performance of the contract

Data on quantity of coins at a stage of work of Gamefuel in the beta test will be available all
participant of ICO in a private office, and exchange tokens of GMIT will be transferred to
Ethereum of the address of participants during ICO.

Exchange for Gamefuel coins will be carried out after start of the main Game Machine
version on own blockchain to the period from March to May, 2018.

http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io29

Use of the funds raised on ICO

Purpose Volume   (%  of  total  amount)

Development of a product 50%

Marketing and PR 35%

Operating expenses 10%

Legal maintenance 5%

Safety and responsibility for the raised funds

All raised funds are raised for Ethereum a purse with the multi signature of three
escrow-participating. This information will be open and available to any user of the website
gamemachine.io.

The main amount of collecting is transferred on this Ethereum-purse during ICO by means of
the contract.

Achievement of the objectives of collecting and the realized products

Sum   of   collecting Realization

To 10 000 ETH Game Machine, Game Machine Wallet

To 20 000 ETH Game Machine, Game Machine Wallet, Rise 
Machine

To 30 000 ETH Game Machine, Game Machine Wallet, Rise 
Machine, Ads Machine

To 40 000 ETH Game Machine, Game Machine Wallet, Rise 
Machine, Ads Machine, Exchange Machine

Description of the contract of an exchange token

PAY ATTENTION: CRYPTOGRAPHIC COINS ABOUT WHICH IT IS TOLD IN THIS
ARTICLE ARE COINS ON BLOCKCHAIN GAMEFUEL WHICH ARE SUPPORTED BY THE
SOFTWARE OF GAME MACHINE. THEY ARE NOT ERC-20 COMPATIBLE TOKENS
WHICH ARE AVAILABLE ON BLOCKCHAIN ETHEREUM.

In the end of the period of sale of tokens all participants will receive ERC-20 an exchange
token of GMIT in network Etherium.

After start of the main network Game Machine the exchange token will be exchanged for
Gamefuel coins in the ratio 1:1. All operations described in the present document will be
performed by means of Gamefuel coins, and the exchange token of GMIT will allow to
receive coins from initial issue.

http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io30

The code of the contract of an exchange token Game Machine (further — GMIT) is located
in the Github system on the account gmofficial (it is available on to the reference) and the
main code of the contract is given below.

The token is based on the contract MintableToken from Open Zeppelin.

pragma solidity ^0.4.11;

import “zeppelin-solidity/contracts/token/MintableToken.sol”;

contract GameMachineIcoToken is MintableToken {
 string public name = “Game Machine Ico Token”;
 string public symbol = “GMIT”;
 uint public decimals = 18;

 function GameMachineIcoToken (uint256 _amount) {
  owner = msg.sender;
  mint (owner, _amount);
 }
}

GMIT token code

The token of GMIT is ERC-20 a compatible token in Ethereum network with the name Game
Machine Ico Token and a symbol of GMIT. Decimals after point — 18.

Description of the contract ICO

The code of the contract of the carried-out crowdsale of Game Machine is located in the
Github system on the account gmofficial and is available on to the reference.

Description of future Gamefuel contract

Future Gamefuel contract will be ERC-20 compatible token with 18 decimals after point.

http://www.gamemachine.io
https://github.com/gmofficial/gmex-token
https://github.com/gmofficial/gamemachine-token


       11

GAME MACHINE DEVELOPMENT 

TO THE GAMER

After official start of Gamefuel coin in the client of Game Machine gamers will be able to
receive the coins bought during ICO on the purse and to fully use them for any opportunities:
to exchange for game items, to use for purchase and sale of items on third-party
resources, to open exclusive cases, to play matches on coins and many other things. 
As the coin of Gamefuel is interesting not only to gamers and is liquid, depending on a
course purchase of a coin on ICO will give the great opportunities as after ICO an
opportunity to receive a coin will be limited to a mining, tasks and purchase at the exchange.

TO THE ADVERTISER

Besides support and to contribution of development of new advertising service of direct
communication with gamers the advertiser will be able to buy Gamefuel coins at minimum
price and to use them at any time as necessary. As interest of gamers in performance of
tasks is tied to exchange rate at the exchange, later investment will be less favorable. The
advertiser will be able to open access to new large-scale audience and to be one step away
ahead of other players of the market.

TO THE GAME-INDUSTRY AND INDIE-DEVELOPERS

At the moment offer advertising networks do not allow to receive large volumes of a traffic
from personal computers, and mobile devices are the main source. Gamefuel will allow to
receive an inexpensive traffic of gamers not only to big game publishing houses, but also a
huge number of independent indie-developers.

Also by means of Game Machine of the company of the game-industry will be able to
monetize earlier in principle a traffic resistant to monetization.

TO THE CRYPTO-INVESTORS

The market of a mining of many cryptocurrencies was flooded by huge farms. For example,
about 80% of capacities of a mining of cryptocurrency of Bitcoin is in China, what forces
alternative currencies to pass from the principle of Proof-of-Work to other principles of work.

Game Machine gives the chance to gamers to develop a really decentralized network of miner
worldwide where justice and division of an award will not depend on greed and financial
solvency of a miner.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io31

https://blockchain.info/ru/pools
http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io32

TO THE TRADER

Considering model of a turn of Gamefuel coin and interest in a coin among different
communities it is possible to predict positive behavior of a coin at the exchanges. As the coin
will be brought to the exchange, the trader will have all opportunities for carrying out various
operations with it for enhancement of own capital. To buy tokens on start at more favorable
price, and then to invest in IGO.

http://www.gamemachine.io


       12

TEAM

TARAS   DOVGAL
  CEO

• 6 years of experience of development of highload-projects;

• CEO of the interactive agency hakk (Volvo, Tallink Silja Line, Neste, etc.);

• CEO Offly (IIDF);

• CEO Subtender (aggregator of construction tenders);

• CEO Teammates (a mobile application for CS:GO 
community with a conclusion of objects for performance of advertizing offer)

• Computer Science Center (specialty Software  
Engineer), IIDF, SUMIT #5

• Participant of the correspondence accelerator of IIDF

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io33

ALEXANDR   ISAEV
  COO

• 5 years of experience of project management in IT;

• COO of the interactive agency Hakk;

• CMO Offly (IIDF);

• CMO Subtender;

• CMO Teammates; 

(participant of the correspondence accelerator of IIDF)

MARIA   SUVORINA
    Marketing   Business   Development

• 7 years of experience in the industry of computer and mobile games;

• 6 years of experience of management of marketing in promotion of game  
projects (Suricate Games, TMA, AminiLab);

• 3 years of experience of management of game products and their development 
(Sdubbo Games, Infoshell, Sphere Productions);

• Experience of construction international near - game service

http://www.gamemachine.io


ANDREY   VOLKOV
   Lead   Server   Developer

• Experience in the IT industry more than 6 years;

• Successful start of own game projects and decisions for 
game servers for the game GTA: San Andreas;

• Imagine Cup 2014 - a ranner for mobile platforms on the 
basis of Unity;

• Participated in development of a startup of Jobbing.

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io34

NIKOLAY   MUDRY
    Lead   Client   Developer

• 5 years experience of development in enterprise and game 
to development

• Participant ¼ finals of NEERC 2014

• Took the second place on Solution lab 2016

KONSTANTIN   KARPOV
      Marketer

• 5 years of experience in the sphere of internet marketing

• Holding advertizing Internet campaigns for large brands, 
such as Neste, Novoselye Group and etc.

• Participation in internet marketing of other projects coming to ICO

http://www.gamemachine.io


TIMUR   DZHUMAGAZIYEV
     PHP   Developer

• 6 years of experience of development;

• Participated in development and deployment of IT-systems 
of management and control for the pharmacological sector;

• Created own qualifier for the parser of web pages on search 
queries on the basis of neural networks.

• Experience in the financial sector (Sberbank)

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io35

YAROSLAV   SHEKHVATOV
       Java   Developer

• 4 years of enterprise of development

• Participated in development and deployment of IT-systems 
of management and control for the pharmacological sector

VLADISLAV  POCHUKALIN
        Art   Director / Designer

• 8 years experience of design and design of interfaces

• Designed and created design for more than 50 projects

• The founder of a startup of Subtender, was engaged in 
design and marketing of the project.

http://www.gamemachine.io


       13

DISCLAIMER AND RISKS DECLARATION

www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io36

We understand the concerns that potential investors may have regarding GAME MACHINE proj-
ect and its development. You can find out our risks declaration in the following document:  

NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES
GAME MACHINE REPRESENTS THAT TO ITS BEST KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING THE OF-
FER AND OFFERING OF THESE GMIT TOKENS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER AND OFFERING 
OF A SECURITY OR OF GAMBLING CHIPS. IN CASE OF DOUBT, BE ADVISED THAT THE OFFER 
AND OFFERING OF THE GMIT TOKENS HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURI-
TIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
CERTAIN STATES. THESE GMIT TOKENS MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANS-
FERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICA-
BLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN 
EXEMPTION THEREFROM.

NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF CANADA
 GAME MACHINE REPRESENTS THAT TO ITS BEST KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING THE 
OFFER AND OFFERING OF THESE GMIT TOKENS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER AND OFFER-
ING OF A SECURITY OR OF GAMBLING CHIPS. IN CASE OF DOUBT, BE ADVISED THAT UNLESS 
OTHERWISE PERMITTED UNDER SECURITIES LEGISLATION, THE HOLDER OF THIS GMIT TOKEN 
MUST NOT TRADE THE GMIT TOKEN BEFORE THE DATE THAT THE ISSUER BECOMES A REPORT-
ING ISSUER IN ANY PROVINCE OR TERRITORY.

NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF CHINA
GAME MACHINE REPRESENTS THAT TO ITS BEST KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING THE OF-
FER AND OFFERING OF THESE GMIT TOKENS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER AND OFFERING 
OF A SECURITY OR OF GAMBLING CHIPS. THE GMIT TOKENS ARE NOT BEING OFFERED OR SOLD 
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE PEOPLE’S REPUB-
LIC OF CHINA (FOR SUCH PURPOSES, NOT INCLUDING THE HONG KONG AND MACAU SPECIAL 
ADMINISTRATIVE REGIONS OR TAIWAN), EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY THE SECURITIES AND OTH-
ER LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA

NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM 
GAME MACHINE REPRESENTS THAT TO ITS BEST KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING THE OF-
FER AND OFFERING OF THESE GMIT TOKENS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER AND OFFERING 
OF A SECURITY OR OF GAMBLING CHIPS. IN CASE OF DOUBT, BE ADVISED THAT IN THE UNITED 
KINGDOM THIS DOCUMENT IS BEING DISTRIBUTED ONLY TO, AND IS DIRECTED ONLY AT (AND 
ANY INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH IT RELATES WILL BE ENGAGED ONLY WITH): (i) INVEST-
MENT PROFESSIONALS (WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES 
AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005 AS AMENDED (THE ‘‘FPO’’)); 
(ii) PERSONS OR ENTITIES OF A KIND DESCRIBED IN ARTICLE 49 OF THE FPO; (iii) CERTIFIED 
SOPHISTICATED INVESTORS (WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 50(1) OF THE FPO); AND (iv) 
OTHER PERSONS TO WHOM IT MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE COMMUNICATED (ALL SUCH 
PERSONS TOGETHER BEING REFERRED TO AS ‘‘RELEVANT PERSONS’’). THIS DOCUMENT HAS 
NOT BEEN APPROVED BY AN AUTHORISED PERSON. ANY INVESTMENT TO WHICH THIS DOCU-
MENT RELATES IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO (AND ANY INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH IT RELATES 
WILL BE ENGAGED ONLY WITH) RELEVANT PERSONS. THIS DOCUMENT IS DIRECTED ONLY AT 

http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io37

RELEVANT PERSONS AND PERSONS WHO ARE NOT RELEVANT PERSONS SHOULD NOT TAKE 
ANY ACTION BASED UPON THIS DOCUMENT AND SHOULD NOT RELY ON IT. IT IS A CONDITION 
OF YOU RECEIVING AND RETAINING THIS DOCUMENT THAT YOU WARRANT TO THE COMPANY, 
ITS DIRECTORS, AND ITS OFFICERS THAT YOU ARE A RELEVANT PERSON.

GAME MACHINE: Risks Factors and Security Measures 
We understand the concerns of our existing and potential investors regarding problems and 
risks that Game machine may face during its development. There are some of these risk factors : 
➔  Our products are highly technical and may contain undetected software bugs or hardware 
errors, which could manifest in a way that could seriously harm our reputation and our business.
These bugs and errors can manifest in any number of ways in our products, including through 
diminished performance, security vulnerabilities, malfunctions, or even permanently disabled 
products. We have a practice of rapidly updating our products to fix these bugs. Some errors in 
our products may be discovered only after a product has been used by users, and may in some 
cases be detected only under certain circumstances or after extended use. 
➔  Our users may increasingly copy portfolio allocation directly to their broker instead of through 
Game Machine Platform to avoid the fees, which may negatively affect our revenue and serious-
ly harm our business.
To avoid this, we decided to limit the access to our main and most successful product - AI for 
Stock Market. Only TOP 200 people after the Token Sale will have access to it. To protect our 
products for Currency and Crypto-Currency Markets we decided to set up a minimum amount of 
GMIT tokens for access to be granted. 
➔  If our security is compromised or if our platform is subject to attacks that prevent or thwart our 
users’ ability to access our products and services, our users and partners may cut back on or 
stop using our products and services altogether, which could seriously harm our business. 
Our efforts to protect the information that our users possess, may be unsuccessful due to the 
actions of third parties, software bugs, or other technical malfunctions, employee error or mal-
feasance etc. In addition, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or users to 
disclose information in order to gain access to our data or our users’ data. If any of these events 
occurs, our or our users’ information could be accessed or disclosed improperly. 
➔ Unfavorable media coverage could seriously harm our business.
If we receive a high degree of media coverage globally, unfavorable publicity regarding us, for 
example, our privacy practices, product changes, product quality, litigation, or regulatory activ-
ity, or regarding the actions of our partners or our users, this could seriously harm our reputa-
tion. Such negative publicity could also adversely affect the size, demographics, engagement, 
and loyalty of our user base and result in decreased revenue or slower user growth rates, which 
could seriously harm our business. 
➔  We may be subject to regulatory investigations and proceedings in the future, which could 
cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a way that 
could seriously harm our business. 
It is possible that a regulatory inquiry might force us to change our policies or practices. And 
were we to violate existing or future regulatory orders or consent decrees, we might incur sub-
stantial monetary fines and other penalties that could seriously harm our business. 
➔  We have a short operating history and a new business model, which makes it difficult to evalu-
ate our prospects and future financial results and increases the risk that we will not be success-

http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io38

ful.       

We began commercial operations in 2016 and began generate profit in 2017. We have a short 
operating history and a new business model, which makes it difficult to effectively assess our 
future prospects. Accordingly, we believe that investors’ future perceptions and expectations, 
which can be idiosyncratic and vary widely, and which we do not control, will affect our token 
price. 
Our business model is based on promotes and develops new technologies in the field of game 
productivity, blockchain and cryptocurrencies. Particularly, Game Machine is creating a global 
open ecosystem for the game industry on the basis of blockchain technology, with the aim to 
provide a unified technological platform for gamers, developers and advertisers to exchange 
their services and digital goods amongst each other with the aid of a smart-contract based dig-
ital goods created by Game Machine. You should consider our business and prospects in light of 
the challenges we face, including the ones discussed in this section. 
➔  
We develop and will be developing our products and services in partnership with gamemakers.
➔  The loss of one or more of our key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain other highly 
qualified personnel in the future, could seriously harm our business. 
We currently depend on the continued services and performance of our key personnel, including 
, CEO. As we continue to grow, we cannot guarantee we will continue to attract the personnel we 
need to maintain our competitive position. In particular, we intend to hire a significant number 
of engineers, game maker , it developers and mathematicians, and we expect to face significant 
competition in hiring them. As we mature, the incentives to attract, retain, and motivate employ-
ees provided by our Token Sale gains or by future arrangements, such as through cash bonuses, 
may not be as effective as in the past. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating 
excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow 
effectively and our business could be seriously harmed. 
➔  We have broad discretion in how we may use the net proceeds from our Token Sale, and we 
may not use them effectively. 
We will use net proceeds that we receive from our Token Sale accordingly to our mission - con-
stantly increasing accuracy of predictions to improve our investment products performance. Our 
efforts may ineffective due to poor management, regulatory investigations, and other problems. 
We may use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire complementary businesses, products, 
services, or technologies. We may also spend or invest these proceeds in a way with which our 
tokenholders disagree. If our management fails to use these funds effectively, our business 
could be seriously harmed. 
➔  If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brand and other intangible 
assets may be diminished, and our business may be seriously harmed. 
If we need to license or acquire new intellectual property, we may incur substantial costs. We 
aim to protect our confidential proprietary information, in part, by entering into confidential-
ity agreements and invention assignment agreements with all our employees, consultants, 
advisors, and any third parties who access or contribute to our proprietary know-how, in-
formation, or technology. We also rely on trademark, copyright, patent, trade secret, and do-
main-name-protection laws to protect our proprietary rights. We have filed various applications 
to protect aspects of our intellectual property, which could require significant cash expenditures. 
However, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our proprietary rights, third parties 

http://www.gamemachine.io


www.gamemachine.io hello@gamemachine.io39

may challenge proprietary rights held by us, and pending and future trademark and patent ap-
plications may not be approved. In addition, effective intellectual property protection may not be 
available in every country in which we operate or intend to operate our business. In any of these 
cases, we may be required to expend significant time and expense to prevent infringement or 
to enforce our rights. Although we have taken measures to protect our proprietary rights, there 
can be no assurance that others will not offer products or concepts that are substantially similar 
to ours and compete with our business. We include open-source software in our products. From 
time to time, we may face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release 
of, the open-source software or derivative works that we have developed using such software, 
which could include our proprietary source code, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of 
the applicable open-source license. These claims could result in litigation and could require us 
to make our software source code freely available, seek licenses from third parties to 
continue offering our products for certain uses, or cease offering the products associated with 
such software unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement, which may be 
very costly. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights or prevent unauthorized use or 
appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be di-
minished, and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of 
operations. Any of these events could seriously harm our business. 

http://www.gamemachine.io

