








































Microsoft Word - Crowd Genie Whitepaper_english.docx


	
	

	 	

5 7 , 	 M o h a m m e d 	 S u l t a n 	 R o a d , 	 # 0 1 - 0 5 , 	 S u l t a n 	 L i n k , 	 S i n g a p o r e 	 - 	 2 3 8 3 0 7 	 	 	 	 	 	

						
Token-based	lending	platform	for	Asia	

      

0
8	

Fall	

Whitepaper	



	
	

	 2	

	

Table	of	Contents	

EXECUTIVE	SUMMARY	 3 

MARKET	LANDSCAPE	 5 

ICO	STRUCTURE	 7 

COMPANY	INTRODUCTION	 8 

CROWD	GENIE’S	KEY	FEATURES	 8 

OUR	VISION:	TOKEN-BASED	LENDING	 10 

ADVANTAGES	OF	PURCHASING	CGC	TOKEN	 10 

PROBLEMS	WE	ARE	SOLVING	 12 

KEY	BENEFITS	 13 

MILESTONES	 15 

CGC	TOKENS	IN	USE	 15 

RATIONALE	FOR	USING	BLOCKCHAIN	 17 

USE	OF	CGC	TOKENS	 19 

TOKEN	LIQUIDITY	 20 

TOKEN	DISTRIBUTION	 21 

USE	OF	FUNDS	 22 

CROWD	GENIE’S	BUSINESS	OPERATIONS	OVERVIEW	 22 

TEAM	 23 

	

	 	



	
	

	 3	

	

Executive	Summary	

About	the	
company	

Crowd	Genie	is	one	of	the	few	licensed	and	fully	operational	peer-to-peer	
digital	lending	platforms	in	Singapore.	It	was	granted	a	“Dealing	in	Securities”	
license	by	Monetary	Authority	of	Singapore	(MAS)	in	March	2017.	The	
company	is	now	embarking	on	a	token	sale	to	enhance	its	platform,	reach	
global	markets	and	scale	revenues.	The	token	-	CGC	-	is	released	by	CGSPV	
Pte.	Ltd.,	a	Singapore-registered	related	company	of	Crowd	Genie	Financial	
Services	Pte.	Ltd.	(CGFS).		

	

Key	features:		

- Crowd	platform	focused	on	lending	to	SMEs	(small/medium	sized	
enterprises)	

- Monetary	Authority	of	Singapore	compliant	KYC	and	due	diligence	
performed	for	all	users	

- First	platform	in	Singapore	to	introduce	provision	fund	–	GenieShield	–	to	
protect	Lenders	from	delayed	payments	and	defaults	

- Only	platform	where	directors	co-invest	in	every	investment	

- Strong	track	record,	with	no	loss	of	capital	for	investors	in	any	listing	for	
the	past	18	months	

- All	loans	backed	by	personal	guarantee	of	Borrower	company’s	director(s)	

Vision	 “Token-based	lending”:	Build	a	private	capital	hub	for	Asia	Pacific	built	on	
smart	contracts	to	make	the	flow	of	funds	between	Lenders	and	Borrowers	
more	efficient,	cheaper	and	safer.	This	will	include:		

1. Blockchain	based	identity	management	for	Borrowers	and	Lenders	

2. Asset	listing	on	blockchain	

3. Distributed	exchange	for	asset	trading	

Unique		
advantages	of	
the	token	

- Value	underpinned	by	a	cash	flow	generating,	and	operational	company,	
licensed	in	Singapore	by	the	Monetary	Authority	of	Singapore		

- Reputation-based	tokens	to	encourage	on-time	payment	and	real-time	
credit	assessment	

- Token	buyback	with	a	clearly	identified	cash	flow	source	



	
	

	 4	

	

	

	
	
	

	

	 	

Token	name	 CGC	

Bonus	 - Day	1-14:	25%	

- Day	15-21:	15%	

- Day	22-28:	5%	

- Day	29	onwards:	0%	

Token	Price	 1	ETH	=	400	CGC	

Token	utility	 Tokens	can	be	used	to	invest	on	Crowd	Genie	platform	to	get	potentially	
higher	returns	than	typical	bank	yields,	and	with	monthly	interest	and	
principal	repayment	that	can	be	withdrawn	in	Fiat	or	CGC	tokens	

Buyback	 - 80%	of	distributable	profit	of	CGSPV	Pte.	Ltd.	underpinned	by	the	cash	
flow	it	receives	from	investments	in	CGFS	listings	will	be	used	to	buyback	
the	tokens	at	the	market	price	at	the	end	of	every	quarter,	beginning	1st	
July	2018	

- Token	will	be	listed	on	major	crypto-exchanges	

Target	Raise	 USD	35,000,000	



	
	

	 5	

	

Market	Landscape	

nline	alternative	finance	is	developing	rapidly	in	the	Asia-Pacific	region.	There	has	been	a	marked	
increase	in	the	growth	of	innovative	financial	instruments	and	models	that	are	bringing	together	

capital	providers	and	borrowers.	A	lot	of	the	growth	is	being	driven	due	to	the	fact	that	the	traditional	
financial	institutions	have	not	been	able	to	fully	meet	the	expectations	of	either	capital	owners	or	
borrowers.	Further,	the	trend	has	been	helped	by	the	rapid,	and	improving	availability	of	technology	that	
can	make	the	process	of	capital	allocation	cheaper	and	more	efficient.	Along	with	this	in	the	past	24	
months,	the	regulations	have	crystalized	across	the	countries	in	the	region	that	are	increasingly	enabling	
legitimate	companies	to	operate	and	market	within	the	defined	framework	of	the	law.		

	
Market	Growth:	Crowd	Genie	currently	operates	in	the	online	alternative	financial	market	space	
(www.crowd-genie.com).	This	domain	is	characterized	by	innovative	financial	instruments	and	channels	
that	fall	outside	the	traditional	avenues	of	capital	raising,	including	debt,	equity,	reward-based	
crowdfunding	and	invoice	trading.		

According	to	a	recent	study	Asia-Pacific	Alternate	Financing	Benchmark	report,	released	by	University	of	
Cambridge	and	University	of	Sydney,	the	total	online	alternative	finance	market	volume	across	the	Asia-
Pacific	region,	excluding	China	in	2015,	was	$1.12	billion	USD.	This	includes	providing	finance	to	
consumers,	start-ups,	small	and	medium	enterprises	(SMEs),	creative	and	community	projects.	This	market	
has	been	growing	very	rapidly;	it	grew	from	a	low	base	of	$137m	in	2013	to	$1.12	billion	between	2014-
2015.		

	

O	

If	peer-to-peer	Lenders	contributed	to	the	same	proportion	as	in	the	UK,	the	
market	size	would	be	more	than	S$1.35B	



	
	

	 6	

	

While	Asia	Pacific	is	growing	rapidly,	it	is	still	about	2-3	years	behind	the	early	adopter	markets	such	as	UK.	
In	the	UK,	according	to	the	report	by	University	of	Cambridge’s	Centre	of	Alternative	Finance,	in	2015,	3.3%	
of	all	new	loans	to	SMEs	were	from	peer-to-peer	lenders.	This	trend	will	inevitably	come	to	Asia-Pacific	
too.	For	instance,	in	Singapore,	if	peer-to-peer	lending	platforms	like	Crowd	Genie	contributed	to	the	same	
proportion	as	in	the	UK,	the	market	size	would	be	more	than	S$1.35B,	compared	with	<S$100M	in	
Singapore	today.		

	

	 	



	
	

	 7	

	

ICO	Structure	

What	it	represents	 Utility	token	

Token	name	 CGC	

Token	Price	 1	ETH	=	400	CGC	

Token	Buyback	 At	the	end	of	every	calendar	quarter	beginning	1st	July,	2018,	80%	of	
distributable	profit	of	CGSPV	Pte.	Ltd.	is	used	to	offer	to	buy	back	
outstanding	tokens	at	the	market	price	

Token	buy-back	
treatment	

Any	token	bought	back	will	not	be	re-issued.		

Target	Raise	 USD	35,000,000		

Expenses	 - 7%	of	tokens	released	for	sale	will	be	reserved	for	the	ICO	
marketing	and	distribution	costs	

- 3%	of	tokens	released	for	sale	will	be	reserved	for	bounty	
programs	

Token	supply	 Token	supply	is	locked	at	120,000,000	of	which:		

- 50,000,000	–	for	sale	during	the	token	sale;	
- 3,240,000	–	founders;	
- 3,160,000	–	distribution;	
- 3,600,000	–	marketing	&	bounties;		
- 60,000,000	–	for	use	to	facilitate	platform	transactions	(these	will	

not	be	released	in	the	token	sale).	

Unsold	token	
treatment	

All	tokens	unsold	during	the	ICO	will	be	burnt,	which	will	reduce	the	
supply	of	tokens	ever	created.	

Token	proceeds	use	 1. Investment	in	Crowd	Genie	loans	(45%);	with	a	minimum	of	US	$2	
million	

2. Expansion	of	team	(30%);		
3. Regulatory	compliance,	legal,	and	cyber	security	costs	(15%);	
4. Overheads	(10%).	

Bonus	 - Day	1-14	–	25%	token	bonus;	
- Day	15-21	–	15%	token	bonus;	
- Day	22-28	–	5%	token	bonus;	
- Day	29	onwards	–	0%	token	bonus.	

Restrictions	 - US	citizens	and	residents	are	not	allowed	to	invest.	

	 	



	
	

	 8	

	

Company	Introduction	

rowd	Genie	Financial	Services	Pte.	Ltd.	is	incorporated	in	Singapore.	It	runs	a	peer-to-peer	marketplace	
lending	platform	that	brings	together	Borrowers	(which	are	SMEs)	in	Singapore,	and	Lenders.		

Crowd	Genie	is	one	of	the	few	licensed	platforms	in	Singapore.	It	has	been	granted	a	“Dealing	in	Securities”	
license	by	Monetary	Authority	of	Singapore	(MAS)	in	March	2017.		

CGC	is	a	token	released	by	CGSPV	Pte.	Ltd.,	a	Singapore	company	related	to	Crowd	Genie	Financial	Services	
Pte.	Ltd.	(CGFS).	CGSPV	will	exclusively	invest	in	loans	on	www.crowd-genie.com	and	re-purchase	the	
tokens	from	the	market.		

	

	

	

Crowd	Genie’s	Key	Features	

1. First	 provision	 fund-enabled	 platform	 in	 Singapore:	GenieShield	 is	 probably	 the	 first	 provision	 fund	
launched	by	a	crowdfunding	platform	in	Singapore,	and	possibly	in	South-East	Asia.	It	is	a	ring-fenced	
fund	that	is	managed	by	an	escrow	agent	whose	objective	is	to	provide	reassurance	to	the	Lenders	on	
Crowd	 Genie.	 GenieShield	 can	 be	 used	 to	 advance	 funds	 to	 Lenders	 in	 the	 event	 of	 a	 delay	 in	
repayments	or	default	 from	the	Borrowers.	This	helps	to	buffer	the	 impact	on	the	Lenders’	expected	
returns	due	to	delays	or	defaults	by	Borrowers.		

C	



	
	

	 9	

	

2. Singapore-registered	companies:	We	currently	assess	and	provide	capital	to	SMEs	registered	in	
Singapore.	We	accept	applications	from	only	Singapore	incorporated	companies	and/or	Limited	
Liability	Partnerships.	The	typical	loan	size	is	S$	30,000	to	1,000,000,	with	the	typical	tenure	of	the	loan	
being	between	6	months	to	24	months.	We	only	work	with	companies	with	an	existing	product	and/or	
service	and	a	market	presence	(i.e.	demonstrated	clientele	and	revenues),	thus	providing	comfort	that	
these	are	not	just	high-risk	start-ups.		

	
3. AI-powered	credit	scoring	engine:	We	use	an	AI	engine	that	extracts	data	about	the	potential	and	

assesses	the	credit	worthiness	of	each	Borrower.	As	time	goes	on	and	the	number	of	cases	and	data	set	
increase,	the	AI	engine	will	continue	to	constantly	evaluate	and	back-test	the	data	to	rebalance	the	
scoring	algorithm.		

	
4. Only	platform	where	directors	always	co-invest:	Crowd	Genie’s	directors	invest	in	each	of	the	listings	

on	the	platform	to	ensure	that	they	have	some	skin	in	the	game.	This	strongly	aligns	the	incentives	and	
interests	for	all	stakeholders.	Every	listing	in	the	past,	and	going	forward,	will	have	an	investment	from	
the	company’s	directors.		

	
5. Escrow	agent:	Crowd	Genie	works	with	a	regulated	escrow	agent	in	Singapore.	As	a	result,	the	platform	

does	not	handle,	hold,	or	accept	any	monies	or	assets,	to	safeguard	the	interests	of	the	participants.	

	

		

	 	



	
	

	 10	

	

Our	Vision:	Token-Based	Lending	

e	aim	to	build	a	Pan-Asia	hub	built	on	smart	contracts	to	make	the	flow	of	funds	from	Lenders	to	
Borrowers	more	efficient	and	cheaper.			

Ecosystem	Overview	

Advantages	of	Purchasing	CGC	Token	

There	are	a	few	significant	advantages	that	has	that	sets	our	token	apart	from	some	of	the	other	
organizations	offering	tokens.		

1. Cash	flow	generating,	operational	company:	CGSPV’s	related	company,	Crowd	Genie,	runs	the	
platform	www.crowd-genie.com,	in	Singapore.	It	has	been	operational	for	more	than	18	months,	with	
loans	given	out	and	a	track	record	of	repayments.		

The	fact	that	it	is	cash	flow	generating	puts	us	in	a	unique	position	of	having	real-world	market	data	
and	understanding,	and	not	just	a	start-up’s	theoretical	view	of	the	market.	And	part	of	the	funds	from	
the	token	sale	will	be		used	to	invest	in	loans	on	www.crowd-genie.com.	

2. Due	diligence	compliant	with	stringent	Monetary	of	Authority	of	Singapore	norms:	All	investments	on		
www.crowd-genie.com	platform	are	assessed	for	regulatory	compliance	and	risk;	with	the	platform	
conducting	deep	due	diligence	on	each	Borrower	and	Lender	(and	if	they	are	companies,	then	on	their	
key	beneficial	owners	to	ensure	that	all	AML/CFT	and	KYC	expectations	are	met.		

3. Technically	feasible:	All	key	elements	of	our	vision	of	the	ecosystem	are	technically	feasible.		

Our	aim	is	to	offer	our	early	token	buyers	the	ability	to	participate	in	building	a	unique	end-to-end	
Asian	asset	management	platform	that	is	feasible,	and	that	does	not	require	any	technologies	to	be	
invented	in	order	to	become	feasible.		

4. Token	buyback	with	a	clearly	identified	cash	flow	source:	CGSPV,	the	entity	releasing	the	tokens,	is	
committing	to	use	80%	of	its	annual	profits	to	buy	back	tokens	from	the	market	exchange.		

As	there	is	cash	flow	from	investments	in	www.crowd-genie.com	loans,	the	funds	for	token	buybacks	
are	clearly	identified	and	not	dependent	on	any	future	fund	raising	or	unknown/	un-validated	revenue	
source.		

5. Deep	token	integration:	CGC	will	be	integrated	across	the	ecosystem	over	the	next	2-3	years.	This	
ensures	that	the	coin	has	value	beyond	just	appreciation.		

W	



	
	

	 11	

	

The	tokens	will	provide	significant	and	valuable	incentives	to	all	ecosystem	participants	to	buy	and	use	
them.	For	instance,	Borrowers	will	get	discounts	and	better	interest	rates	based	on	the	amount	of	
tokens	they	have.		 	



	
	

	 12	

	

Problems	We	are	Solving		

We	intend	to	kick-start	an	era	that	profoundly	improves	the	process	for	capital	deployment.	The	key	
problems	that	we	intend	to	solve	are:	

1. Limited	capital	access:	Currently,	traditional	sources	such	as	banks	and	private	capital,	are	constrained	
to	taking	exposure	to	clients	who	are	either	too	small,	or	whose	traditional	financial	metrics	might	not	
be	strong.	However,	with	the	availability	of	additional	rich	data	sources	–	such	as	social	media,	credit	
reports	and	cross-border	identity	databases	–	it	is	possible	to	provide	credit	to	those	who	would	not	
have	had	access	to	it	earlier.	

	
2. Lack	of	credible	chain-based	customer	authentication:	Currently,	there	is	no	means,	on	a	global	scale,	

to	establish	and	verify	the	identity	of	an	individual.	As	regulators	increasingly	insist	on	authentication/	
KYC	norms,	the	lack	of	the	credible	compliance	information	limits	the	number	of	participants	in	this	
distributed	economy.	And	prevents	the	promise	of	a	global	community	of	investors	and	borrowers	
from	coming	to	life.	

	
3. Inefficient	to	trade	small	fragments	of	assets:	Globally	there	are	a	lot	of	assets	–	like	fleets	of	cars,	

group	insurance,	invoices	(contingent	on	getting	approval	from	the	regulatory	authorities,	as	may	be	
required)	–	that	are	currently	either	not	traded,	or	are	available	to	large	institutions	only.	This	is	
because	the	cost	and	ability	to	‘break’	the	size	of	these	assets	into	smaller	chunks	and	then	selling	to	
investors	is	both	expensive	and	impractical.		

	
4. Expensive	“boutique”	approach:	A	lot	of	private	capital	is	still	done	on	a	high-touch	model	that	

involves	lots	of	manual	assessments	and	processes,	all	of	which	result	in	increasing	the	cost	to	serve	
clients.	For	perspective,	in	Asia-Pacific	the	gap	between	what	borrowers	pay	for	a	loan,	and	what	
depositors	get	can	be	as	much	as	10	percentage	points.	This	is	driven	by	the	manual	nature	of	capital	
allocation	that	provides	an	opportunity	to	companies	like	Crowd	Genie	to	rethink	the	entire	model	

	
5. High	cost	processes:	One	of	the	fundamental	reasons	why	individuals	go	through	financial	

intermediaries	is	that	there	are	few	avenues	to	access	opportunities	where	all	the	related	elements	of	
due	diligence,	compliance,	and	pricing	have	been	done.	Removing	this	asymmetry	via	trusted,	and	low-
cost	technology	solutions	like	blockchain	enable	capital	providers	with	more	options.		 	

Blockchain	will	fundamentally	reduce	the	cost	of	borrowing,	so	we	
can	pass	on	the	benefits	to	the	Borrowers	and	Lenders	



	
	

	 13	

	

Key	benefits	

e	believe	below	are	some	of	the	key	advantages	when	we	fully	realize	and	enable	our	objective	of	
“Token-based	Lending”	

	

1. Auditable	digital	identity	that	passes	regulatory	compliance	tests:	We	will	build	a	“digital	passport”	
that	has	verified	information	for	each	individual	and	asset.	This	is	the	gateway	into	the	platform.		

	
Over	time	with	the	expected	increased,	(and	welcome),	regulatory	oversight	on	the	blockchain	
industry,	we	believe	that	the	regulators	will	expect	the	same	level	of	due	diligence	from	our	industry	as	
they	do	with	the	traditional	financial	institutions,	such	as	KYC,	AML/CFT,	privacy,	cyber	security,	and	
accreditation	status.	Once	this	passport	is	built,	and	put	on	the	blockchain,	it	cannot	be	changed	
anonymously	and	can	be	verified	easily.	This	makes	it	easy	for	people	to	transact	with	safety,	while	
providing	regulators	with	the	assurance	of	being	compliant.		

	

	
2. Take	peer-to-peer	lending	to	the	next	level	of	sophistication:	Our	related	company,	Crowd	Genie	

Financial	Services	already	runs	an	operational	lending	platform.	We	will	expand	this	to	build	the	

W	

Bringing	together	due	diligence,	AI-based	borrower	assessment,	and	
tokenized	loan	investments	–	on	one	platform	



	
	

	 14	

	

currently	planned	franchise.	Further,	we	will	also	start	to	incorporate	and	tokenize	new	assets	classes	
into	the	platform	–	all	of	them	built	on	the	Ethereum	blockchain.		

	
3. Fractionalize	any	asset:	A	critical	precursor	to	enabling	widespread,	affordable	trading	is	to	

fractionalize	assets	into	smaller	pieces	that	would	allow	individuals	to	manage	their	risk	and	diversify.	
The	fractionalization	of	assets	will	be	enabled	by	ERC-20	tokens	on	the	blockchain,	and	these	tokens	
can	be	traded	on	the	asset	exchange.			

With	the	blockchain	and	smart	contracts,	new	assets	like	groups	of	fleet	cars,	buildings,	and	even	
commodities	can	all	be	tokenized.	And	with	the	tokenization,	all	of	these	can	be	traded	seamlessly	on	
an	asset	exchange.	This	encourages	more	liquidity,	better	price	discovery,	and	wider	distribution	of	
assets.				

4. Build	an	Asia-wide	exchange:	Once	the	participants	have	their	Digital	Passports,	and	there	are	assets	
that	are	tradable	through	tokens,	we	will	provide	an	exchange	where	any	asset	–	fixed	or	unsecured	–	
can	be	traded	at	a	fraction	of	the	cost,	from	any	country	across	the	region.	Similarly,	the	Borrowers	can	
be	from	any	country	once	their	due	diligence	is	cleared,	and	they	have	their	Digital	Passports	ready.		

	
5. Largely	eliminate	counter-party	risk:	One	of	the	biggest	risks	in	trading	any	asset	is	the	need	for	

counterparty	assurance.	If	you	buy	any	shares	over	an	exchange,	the	exchange	will	require	that	the	
Borrowers	and	Lenders	brokers	maintain	a	balance	with	the	exchange	to	ensure	neither	party	can	
renege	on	the	promise.	This	adds	costs	to	the	transaction.		

With	blockchain	there	is	no	need	to	trust	the	counterparty.	When	the	Borrower	wants	to	list	their	loan,	
they	can	do	so	directly	using	our	tokens	to	validate	that	the	asset	has	been	assigned	on	the	chain.	Any	
potential	Lender	can	verify	this,	and	no	other	party	can	change	or	stop	the	loan	once	it	is	deployed.	
Also,	overhead	costs	come	down	significantly	as	the	whole	activity	of	verification	and	asset	
management	is	eliminated.		

	 	



	
	

	 15	

	

Milestones	

	

	

CGC	Tokens	in	Use	

e	believe	that	the	blockchain	offers	essentially	a	completely	disruptive	means	to	achieve	the	
outcomes	discussed	above	at	a	lower	cost	than	the	current	centralized	systems	used	by	traditional	

financial	institutions.	To	enable	this,	we	will	use	the	CGC	tokens	exclusively	in	the	Crowd	Genie	ecosystem:		

1. KYC	compliant	with	MAS	(Monetary	Authority	of	Singapore)	norms:	Borrower	or	Lender	will	be	able	
to	transact	by	using	CGC	tokens,	along	with	fiat	currency.	To	do	so,	each	party	will	be	verified	and	a	
unique	wallet	and	identity	(combined	into	a	“Digital	Passport”)	will	be	created.		

	
However,	one	of	the	biggest	challenges	is	to	ensure	that	there	is	a	real-world	verification	of	the	assets	
or	identity	of	a	Borrower.	All	information	is	not	in	digital	form	and	that	is	a	reality	for	the	foreseeable	
future.	Because	of	Crowd	Genie's	experience	in	the	business	of	marketplace	lending,	we	know	how	to	
evaluate	companies.		

For	corporate	participants,	we	go	through	a	40+	variable	check	of	a	company	and	its	key	directors	to	
ensure	that	the	information	provided	is	correct,	and	there	has	been	a	risk	assessment	to	ensure	that	
the	return	a	Lender	is	being	offered	takes	into	account	the	appropriate	risk.	The	higher	the	risk,	the	
higher	the	returns	that	a	Lender	should	be	getting.		

W	



	
	

	 16	

	

	

2. Transactions	conducted	in	CGC	tokens:	If	a	transaction	is	conducted	in	CGC	tokens,	the	investor/	
Lender	will	purchase	CGC	tokens	and	transfer	them	in	the	appropriate	amount	to	the	Borrower,	who	in	
turn	will	be	able	to	use	those	tokens	for	either	conversion	into	fiat	currency	or	keep	in	cryptocurrency.	
This	will	ensure	a	natural	demand	for	CGCs	in	the	future.	The	price	of	the	CGC	will	be	determined	by	
the	fact	that	it	is	traded	on	distributed	exchanges.	This	will	ensure	that	there	is	a	natural	demand	for	
CGCs	in	the	future.		

	
3. Tokenization	of	debt	instruments:	We	will	use	the	CGC	tokens	built	on	Ethereum	ERC-20	as	a	form	of	

currency	for	payments	(and	repayments)	made	under	debt	instruments	listed	on	the	www.crowd-
genie.com	platform	in	essentially	any	quantum	–	starting	from	as	low	as	$100.		

The	Lender	will	invest	into	the	debt	instrument	in	CGC	from	their	wallet.		The	Borrower,	as	per	their	
offer	terms,	will	pay	back	the	CGC	+	additional	CGC	over	a	period	of	time	as	interest.		

	

Build	clear	incentives	to	make	tokens	fundamental	to	the	conduct	of	
transactions	across	the	eco-system.		



	
	

	 17	

	

4. Build	a	reputation	with	CGC:	The	biggest	concern	that	any	Lender	has	is	the	risk	of	default.	The	better	
their	past	payment	history,	the	lower	the	interest	rate	should	be	for	the	Borrower.	The	advantage	of	a	
blockchain	based	ecosystem	is	that	it	time-stamps	and	records	each	transaction	on	the	chain.	
Therefore,	we	can	identity	each	repayment	for	each	contract,	and	verify	whether	it	was	on-time	or	
delayed.		

For	each	repayment,	from	the	Borrower	to	Lenders,	we	will	incentivise	on-time	payment	by	adding	CGC	
“Credits”	to	the	Borrowers’	wallets.	CGC	Credits	are	CGCs	that	CGSPV	will	provide	to	each	Borrower.	
This	will	be	a	spendable	asset	that	will	be	tracked	separately	in	the	Digital	Passport.		

CGC	Credit	is	a	signal	to	potential	viewers	of	any	CG	ecosystem	users	–	both	Lenders	and	Borrowers.	
For	instance,	the	Borrower	could	be	rewarded	for	their	timeliness	in	payment	and	reputation.		

CGC	Credit	earned	through	on-time	payment	will	be	accessible	and	displayed	as	part	of	the	reputation	
of	the	Borrower.	The	more	CGC	earned	through	this	way,	the	higher	their	reputation,	and	that	in	turn,	
will	increase	their	chances	of	getting	higher	investments	from	more	Lenders	and/or	a	lower	interest	
rate.		

Similarly,	for	the	Lenders,	CGC	could	be	given	to	reward	speed	of	deal	closure	or	engagement	in	the	
ecosystem,	for	example.		

	

Rationale	for	Using	Blockchain	

rowd	Genie,	the	related	company,	has	already	been	running	our	platform	successfully	for	more	than	a	
year,	so	why	would	we	choose	to	integrate	blockchain	now?	We	believe	that	the	suite	of	technologies	

known	as	blockchain	or	distributed	ledgers	that	have	emerged	in	recent	years	offers	a	significantly	more	
trustworthy,	cheaper	and	faster	infrastructure	for	us	to	progress	towards	our	"tokenization	of	everything"	
vision.		

To	build	and	scale	an	asset	exchange	with	pre-blockchain	technologies	would	not	only	be	prohibitively	
expensive,	but	in	a	lot	of	ways	it	may	be	infeasible	due	to	various	issues	related	to	transparency,	and	trust.		

We	will	be	using	open	blockchains	like	Ethereum,	as	opposed	to	private	chains,as	being	developed	by	some	
of	the	banks	who	are	still	wedded	to	the	concept	of	charging	a	premium	by	giving	an	appearance	of	
security.	The	following	is	an	overview	of	those	technologies.		

1. No	middlemen:	Blockchain	takes	away	the	need	for	multiple	transactions	between	organizations	and	
simply	replaces	it	by	having	a	direct	link	between	a	Lender	and	Borrower.	Technically,	even	if	the	
platform	is	not	in	operation,	the	Lender	can	still	continue	to	keep	the	ownership	of	the	asset	and	
receive	returns,	as	the	asset	ownership	is	on	a	public	blockchain.		

C	



	
	

	 18	

	

	
2. Blockchains	are	anti-fragile:	As	Nassim	Taleb	in	his	book	“Anti	Fragile”	mentions,	anti-fragile	is	more	

than	just	being	robust;	it	is	a	quality	of	doing	better	when	put	in	adverse	situations.	Blockchains	are	
anti-fragile	in	nature.	Every	member	of	the	network	polices	the	ledger	which	is	integrity	checked	and	
agreed	upon	by	the	entire	network	on	an	ongoing	basis.	Any	changes	that	one	or	other	party	attempts	
to	make	to	records	on	the	blockchain	are	recognized	and	rejected	by	the	majority.	Because	the	
blockchain	is	maintained	by	a	large	network	of	participants,	no	one	actor	can	easily	gain	enough	
influence	to	submit	a	fraudulent	transaction	or	successfully	alter	recorded	data.	And,	the	larger	the	
network,	the	more	resources	would	be	required	to	tamper	with	the	blockchain.		

	
3. Immutable:	Because	the	ledger	is	immutable,	a	transfer	that	has	been	accepted	into	the	network	

cannot	be	reversed.	With	no	"trusted"	intermediary	to	act	on	behalf	of	users	or	control	the	movement	
of	their	funds,	transactions	on	a	blockchain	are	immune	to	chargebacks	and	are	like	paying	in	physical	
cash,	but	online.		

	

	 	



	
	

	 19	

	

Use	of	CGC	Tokens	

We	will	be	using	tokens	across	the	Crowd	Genie	platform	to	ensure	they	are	an	integral	part	of	our	
business	model,	allowing	us	to	reach	our	vision	of	building	a	tokenized	Asian	private	equity	hub.	

1. Potential	to	earn	higher	returns	than	typical	bank	returns,	with	an	option	to	convert	into	fiat	at	the	
end	of	the	loan	repayment:	After	the	ICO	is	closed,	CGC	token	holders	will	be	able	to	use	the	tokens	
immediately	by	converting	them	into	fiat	on	any	of	the	exchanges	where	CGC	is	listed,	and	then	using	
the	funds	to	invest	in	listings	on	www.crowd-genie.com.	The	portfolio	return	to	date	has	been	22%.	
The	loans	are	typically	12	months	in	duration,	and	the	Borrower	pays	back	principal	and	interest	on	a	
monthly	basis.	These	payments	are	credited	to	the	Lenders’	e-wallets	every	month.		
	
As	a	result,	the	token	holders	will	have	earned	significant	interest	on	their	investment,	while	having	
converted	tokens	to	fiat	(if	they	so	desire),	or	back	into	CGC	from	exchanges.		

	
	

2. Build	internal	ecosystem	usage:	We	will	be	incentivizing	the	use	of	the	tokens	within	the	company	
itself	by	pricing	the	value	delivery	for	internal	company	transactions	in	tokens.	For	instance:	for	
payments	to	vendors,	authorization	of	documentation	would	allow	use	of	the	token	as	compared	to	
the	current	system	of	legacy	emails	or	fiat	currency.	

	
	
	
	



	
	

	 20	

	

	
	

	
	

	
3. Expand	the	use	of	tokens	to	include	external	stakeholders	of	the	company	by	giving	them	an	incentive	

to	use	them.	For	instance:		
• Borrowers	who	have	CGC	tokens	could	get	a	lower	interest	rate,	as	opposed	to	those	who	do	not	

have	tokens	
• Lenders	who	have	CGCs	will	get	a	significantly	reduced	admin	fee	from	the	platform		

	

Token	liquidity	

e	expect	two	main	means	by	which,	we	believe,	the	value	of	the	tokens	will	remain	liquid	and	
valuable.		

	

1. Listing	on	exchanges:	CGC	will	be	listed	on	the	key	cryptocurrency	exchanges,	and	this	will	provide	
someone	looking	to	exchange	it	into	other	currency,	such	as	fiat	or	Ccypto,	the	ability	to	do	so.		

	
2. Buyback:	CGSPV	will	purchase	the	tokens	at	a	market	price	at	the	end	of	every	quarter	(January	1st;	

April	1st;	July	1st;	October	1st).	With	80%	of	the	net	profits	used	to	purchase	CGC	token	from	the	
platforms	where	it	is	listed,	in	equal	proportion.	As	can	be	seen	from	the	graph	below,	in	the	next	3	
years,	the	amount	of	cash	available	to	CGSPV	for	buybacks	could	be	more	than	that	raised	from	the	
current	token	sale.		

	
	

W	



	
	

	 21	

	

Token	Distribution	

reakdown	of	the	distribution	given	in	the	graph	below:		

	

Of	note,	we	will	be	keeping	50%	of	total	tokens	to	be	ever	mined	for	use	to	facilitate	transactions	on	the	
platform.	These	will	not	be	released	during	the	token	sale,	and	will	be	used	when	required	to	operate	the	
token-based	value	exchange	on	the	Crowd	Genie	platform.		

	

Bounties	distribution	

Total	tokens	for	Bounties:	1,800,000	

• Facebook	campaign	–	10%	of	bounty	pool;	
• Twitter	campaign	–	15%	of	bounty	pool;	
• Bitcointalk	signature	campaign	–	15%	of	bounty	pool;	
• Bitcointalk	translation	campaign	–	30%	of	bounty	pool;	
• Article	or	blog	post	–	30%	of	bounty	pool.	

Bounties	are	provided	after	the	crowd	sale	ends.		 	

B	



	
	

	 22	

	

Use	of	funds	

he	sale	of	tokens	will	be	used	for	primarily	4	purposes:		

	

1. Invest	in	listings	on	Crowd	Genie	platform	listings	(45%):	Invest	in	the	listings	will	allow	CGCs	to	gain	
from	the	interest	earned	that	in	turn	will	improve	and	rapidly	increase	the	amount	of	funds	available	
for	any	future	buybacks	

2. Hire	team	(30%):	Along	with	investment	in	listings	on	our	related	company,	Crowd	Genie,	we	will	use	
the	funds	to	expand	our	team.	Specifically,		

• Set	up	a	development	centre	in	India,	along	with	one	in	Singapore	
• Expand	the	business	development	team	to	increase	the	user	base	of	the	Crowd	Genie	ecosystem,	

which	in	turn	will	increase	the	token	usage	rate.	

3. Compliance	and	cyber	security	(10%):	Crowd	Genie	already	is	a	licensed,	and	regulated	entity	and	we	
expect	the	KYC,	AML/CFT	and	cyber	security	costs	to	increase	as	the	size	of	the	business	increases.		

4. Business	development	and	overheads	(15%):	The	remaining	will	be	used	for	business	development	
costs,	and	overheads	such	as	rents	and	server	costs.		

	

Crowd	Genie’s	business	operations	overview	

Crowd	Genie	has	been	operating	the	P2P	Marketplace	lending	platform	for	the	past	12	months.	The	key	
metrics	are	given	below:	

		

	

	 	

T	



	
	

	 23	

	

Team		

	 	

	

	

	
	



	
	

	 24	

	

	
	
	
	

	 	



	
	

	 25	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	


