











































Gladius Network Project
Whitepaper Version 0.9 - Working Draft (Subject to Change)

September 2017



Decentralized CDN and 
DDoS Protection on the 
Blockchain
An automated marketplace where you can rent out your spare bandwidth and 
storage as well as purchase content delivery and DDoS protection services.

Gladius Network, LLC



Table of Contents
1 | Our Motivation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
        1.1 The Gladius Solution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4
        1.2 Gladius’ Mission  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  5
        1.3 Primary Objectives  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  6
        1.4 The Gladius Platform . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  7
        1.5 DDoS Protection Market . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  8
        1.6 Content Delivery Market .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 10
2 | Gladius Token .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   
        2.1 Token System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
3 | General Architecture . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
        3.1 Platform Overview.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 15
4 | Roadmap.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  
        4.1 Competitive Analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
        4.2 Funding Breakdown.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 17
        4.3 Development Roadmap . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
5 | Token Creation Breakdown . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
        5.1 Funding Details.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 21
        5.2 GLA Creation Ratios .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 21
        5.3 Additional GLA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
6 | Gladius Architecture.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  
        6.1 High-Level Overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
        6.2 Databases and Network Joining . . . . . . . . . . 25
        6.3 Pools and Load Balancing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
        6.4 Desktop Node Client . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
        6.5 Payment Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
        6.6 Online Web Portal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
        6.7 DDoS Mitigation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
        6.8 Content Distribution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
7 | Our Team.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  
        7.1 Team Overview .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 37

3

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



DDoS attacks are becoming an increasing reality of operating a business with an internet 

presence. These attacks can cost an incredible amount of money, not just in lost uptime, but 

also a loss of consumer trust and crisis PR. Last year alone DDoS attacks amounted to a $150 

billion loss, while on average corporations can spend over $5000 a month on protection 

from other DDoS protection services, even if they never suffer an attack. This happens while 

a majority of computing power and bandwidth in the world goes unused. Gladius envisions 

a future where these vast resources can be utilized to mitigate attacks. (Incapsula and 

SecureList)

By leveraging the blockchain to allow communication between computers, and a pay as 

you go marketplace, Gladius can facilitate the creation of the extremely fault tolerant and 

inexpensive pools tailored to a client’s specific needs. Asside from just filtering traffic, these 

pools will be able to accelerate content as well.

By decentralizing and removing the middleman, the whole nature of protecting a website 

will change. Buisness that previously couldn’t afford adequate protection can purchase 

services that perfectly fit their budget. Those paying hundreds of thousands of dollars for a 

service they never fully utilize can start paying for only exactly what they use - and for much  

less. In addition, customers who are tired of paying for a high speed internet connection 

(that is only used for a few hours a day) can finally put that connection to good use.

1.1 | The Gladius Solution
How Gladius is changing the cybersecurity landscape.

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 4

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

https://lp.incapsula.com/rs/incapsulainc/images/eBook%20-%20DDoS%20Impact%20Survey.pdf
https://securelist.com/ddos-attacks-in-q4-2016/77412/


Since the dawn of the internet, the technology surrounding websites has been constantly 

evolving. With this new technology comes the power to enhance a business’ online 

presence but also harm it. Technology is truly the greatest double edged sword, however. 

Gladius’  mission is to negate the harm brought by new vulnerabilities and take advantage 

of the same style of decentralized network that attackers have long used. Gladius is 

concerned primarily with protection from DDoS attackers and the implementation of a high 

quality CDN.

While there are many who believe DDoS protection is only needed in very few 

circumstances, DDoS protection is important for any entity that has a presence on the 

internet. DDoS attacks have cost millions for household names like Blizzard Entertainment, 

the BBC, and GitHub. The average DDoS attack costs a company 2.5 million dollars.  

Any business should want to increase their site speeds as well as their response times. A well 

done CDN can do not only that but also greatly expand a site’s reach offering unparalleled 

access in any corner of the globe.  The massive advantage that a CDN grants to businesses is 

easily noticeable by the fact that the CDN market in 2015 was worth $4.95 billion dollars but 

is expected to more than triple by 2020 to a value of $15.73 billion dollars.

The ability to greatly, if not completely, negate DDoS attacks and the ability to create an 

effective and secure CDN puts the Gladius team in a unique position. The team’s goal to fully 

utilize blockchain technology to fight against DDoS attacks and provide a competitive CDN 

service. However, above all else, the Gladius team is constantly striving towards a highly 

competitive marketplace in order to bring any consumer the best possible service. This goal 

is always at the forefront of Gladius’ mission to make businesses safer and more effective.

1.2 | Gladius’ Mission
Our motivations, directions, and goals as a company.

5

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



1.3 | Primary Objectives
The primary milestones we are aiming for with our core product.

Phase I: Building an Initial Content Distribution and DDoS Protection Network

The Gladius team is aiming to create a CDN and DDoS mitigation service by using 
blockchain technology, distributed mining pools and smart contracts.

This goal will be met and these technologies will be incorporated throughout 
the entire course of Phase I which is made up of 3 stages (see Roadmap). Once 
Phase I is complete, there will be a complete and comprehensive network that 
is capable of handling several Gbs of connections per second and drastically 
improving site load times. This will include multi-level protection and a private 
rollout to select partnered websites.

Phase II: Develop Network to a Commercial Scale

The aim of Phase II is to finalize the network from Phase I and making it 
commercially viable on a large scale. This means greatly increasing the amount of 
data throughput to cope with a far greater demand. Additionally, Gladius node 
pools will be greatly improved with full vetting and rating processes and smart 
contracts will be expanded for discovery and identification services.

Once Phase II is complete, there will be a polished network that is ready to take 
on the demands of hundreds, if not thousands, of websites. Phase II also allows 
for the possibility of expanding pools. Each pool will be rated and validated 
to ensure proper performance. Additional CDN features such as static content 
caching will be added depending on levels of funding reached.

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 6

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



Gladius’ goal is to create a fully decentralized, peer to peer, serverless node 
network to connect bandwidth and storage pools to websites looking for 
DDoS protection and expedited content delivery. Anyone with a computer can 
download and run the Gladius peer client in the background to rent out their 
unused bandwidth and storage space and earn Gladius Tokens (GLA). Large 
pools with hundreds, if not thousands, of nodes will then be able to handle 
a continuous stream of requests to validate website connections and block 
malicious activity.

Client nodes can be started up on any Linux, Windows, or MacOS machine and 
will automatically run in the background when you choose. Users will be part of 
localized verification pools. Every website request a user validates will earn them 
Gladius Tokens. In turn, users can sell these tokens back to websites to create an 
economic cycle that promotes the growth of the Gladius Network.

Websites looking for protection will simply be able to create an account on 
Gladius’ website, acquire Gladius Tokens, and then request services in a matter of 
clicks. Once a website is part of the Gladius network, a live request graph will be 
available to monitor connections, protection, and speed deltas.

The entire platform will progress in 3 steps which can be seen in Section 4. First 
we have the proof of concept stage that will showcase all of the basic functions 
of the network while not actually going into official production mode. Then, 
after our token sale, we will have a closed production period where anyone 
can download and run the client node. However, only approved websites can 
purchase protection since the network and pools will still be in early growth 
stages. Once the Gladius Network can support a large attack and the core tech 
is improved, we will enter the next stage. The Gladius Network will then allow 
anyone to purchase services from the various pools.

1.4 | The Gladius Platform
How our entire system comes together.

7

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



The process will be streamlined for both the clients and the requesters. People 
who want to purchase web services will simply be able to create an account 
with Gladius, purchase Gladius Tokens through us, choose a website they wish 
to synchronize, set a base and max price for how much they are willing to spend, 
and then request and monitor all connections to their website. 

Nodes will easily be able to create a local account and wallet, configure the 
network settings to open any necessary ports, join any pools that they are best 
suited for, and start earning GLA. Users will be able to toggle when they are 
renting their spare bandwidth and space in a matter of seconds. There will also be 
additional configuration settings to automatically toggle the service based upon 
time of day, other programs running, and even more in-depth user configurable 
parameters.

1.5 | DDoS Protection Market
What is pushing the DDoS protection market forward.

It has become increasingly obvious that any business today looking to compete 
requires a strong internet presence. This unfortunately creates more opportunity 
for attacks and thus protection, like that offered from Gladius, is required. 

Research has shown that the increased vulnerability to DDoS attacks is one of the 
main forces that push the growing market for internet security solutions:

1) Growing risk of cyber attacks

As the world becomes more connected by the internet, valuable information and 
services also come under greater risk of attack. DDoS attacks have become more 
and more common in recent years and the stakes have greatly increased. This 
increased threat results in the quick expansion of security solutions to deal with 
and prevent DDoS attacks.

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 8

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



2) Unfavorable market conditions

While the need for DDoS protection as a concept is excellent, the solutions 
available are not. DDoS protection is often very expensive and has varying 
degrees of success. The lack of a reliable and cheap solution creates a need for 
new players in the DDoS protection business.

3) Government interest

Numerous attacks to private industries and government databases in past years 
has brought more attention to defending government information. This has 
increased the demand for proper protection from DDoS attacks.

DDoS attacks are unfortunately becoming increasingly common and are en route 
to becoming an expected occurrence for any company on the internet. 

According to Nexusguard’s Q1 2017 “Threat Report”, DDoS attack frequency has 
increased by a staggering 380 percent in the first quarter of 2017. Nexusguard is 
currently a huge player in the business of DDoS mitigation and thus their word is 
not to be taken lightly.

Nexusguard comes to the conclusion in its most recent threat report that DDoS 
attacks are unpredictable. Additionally the “Internet of Things” has created many 
openings for potential attackers to abuse, these new and exploitable devices can 
easily give valuable information and create new targets for attacks from hackers.

This new level of threat is evident in one of the largest DDoS attacks in history, 
this attack took place on October 21st, 2016 and managed to affect a myriad of 
services. These services, like Airbnb and Amazon, were crippled and effectively 
brought to their knees by this attack. Some may view this attack as an extremely 
well coordinated and a difficult maneuver to pull off.

9

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017

https://news.nexusguard.com/threat-advisories/q1-2017-ddos-threat-report


 However, according to Forbes, a single “angry gamer” was to blame for such 
a devastating blow to numerous companies. The fact that a single person can 
bring down corporate giants is an extremely worrisome concept and must be 
addressed.

In response to this attack, the United States department of Homeland Security 
has taken measures to prevent future DDoS attacks. However, even Homeland 
Security admits in their article, Snapshot: Turning Back DDoS Attacks, “CSD’s 
DDoSD project is beginning to tilt the playing field toward defenders. Much 
work still needs to be completed, especially in the area of developing proactive 
defenses against new types of attacks. Cyberspace is always changing, and the 
work to prevent DDoS attacks and other threats from malicious actors will never 
stop.” 

With all of this information in mind, it is evident to any observer that there is 
much work to be done in the field of DDoS protection. It is the hope of the 
Gladius team that our product can address the needs of an ever changing 
internet landscape and meet the requirements set forth by these market driving 
forces.

1.6 | Content Delivery Market
What is pushing the CDN market forward.

The value of CDN services is apparent to any latent observer purely based on the 
extremely fast growth of the industry as well as the widespread use, and success, 
of such services. With more and more options to choose from in the CDN market, 
it is the role of Gladius to offer superior and unparalleled service at a cutthroat 
rate. 

Research points to one of the main forces for growth in the CDN industry is the 
need for speed from users on all platforms:

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 10

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

https://www.forbes.com/sites/leemathews/2016/11/17/angry-gamer-blamed-for-most-devastating-ddos-of-2016/%231403e65a2dac
https://www.dhs.gov/science-and-technology/news/2017/02/16/snapshot-turning-back-ddos-attacks


1) User demand

Today, users demand higher quality connections to sites and in addition, there 
are significantly more devices connected to the internet than ever before. In 
2017, 8.4 billion devices will be in use. This demand requires more means to 
deliver content quickly and effectively.

2) Raising the bar

While a CDN used to be something that is optional or perhaps something that 
businesses would use to “go the extra mile”, CDN’s have become an expected 
feature of nearly every major site. Today, there are 14,620,983 live websites using 
a CDN. A CDN is no longer optional, it is an expectation of the consumer.

3)  Monetary implications

A CDN provides signifigant improvments in speed, and in an age where the 
consumer expects instantaneous responses it is vital to appease the consumer in 
this regard. This appeasement is not only beneficial so the consumer is pleased, 
but more importantly, so the consumer actually consumes what is available. 
In fact, this need for information quickly is so pronounced that over half of 
consumers will leave a retail or e-commerce site if it’s slow. 

CDN’s are an exciting new way to greatly increase the speed of information. 
The speed at which information travels around our interconnected globe is 
the greatest factor in determining the growth of businesses everywhere and 
CDN services, like those offered by Gladius, are at the forefront of connecting 
consumers to businesses and consumers to consumers everywhere. 

According to Dyn’s Global Consumer Online Shopping Expectations 2015 report, 
2015 saw sales figures upwards to $1.592 trillion, this e-commerce accounted for 
6.7% of retail sales globally. These figures are only going to grow as e-commerce 
continues to show its numerous benefits over physical sales. 

11

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



It is only logical to improve the quality of CDN’s since it is obvious that 
e-commerce will continue to grow, and with it, the need for effective CDN 
services.  

Dyn comes to the conclusion in their report that a major barrier keeping even 
more people from shopping online is the fear of insecure sites as well as slow 
speeds. Long loading times on sites makes the site seem untrustworthy to 
most consumers and insecure. Having an established CDN makes sites seem 
significantly more trustworthy and safe. This impression of trustworthiness and 
security is not lost with the consumer and is will increase the likelihood of a 
purchase from the consumer, as is evident by Dyn’s findings.

Dyn also finds, in page 6 of their 2015 report, that “over 60% of consumers plan to 
make an upcoming purchase from their mobile device”. If any device at all in the 
arsenal of the modern consumer is expected to be fast, it is the mobile device. 
The mobile device is the epitome of the inherent consumer need for things to 
be quick. Everything about a mobile device is designed to be fast, its design, 
interface, layout and now it is only reasonable for the sites on a mobile device, 
like any device, to be as fast as possible for the average consumer. 

However, the most compelling argument for a CDN has little to do with 
consumers preferring speed. In fact, there are presumably few that would “prefer” 
the speed that a CDN has to offer. Instead, consumers require the speed of a CDN, 
they require the immediacy of intimacy to their information. They require the 
next page to load to search for what’s next and what to click on. They require the 
prompt just around the corner, just around the loading screen to see the great 
yellow button that almost seems to command them to buy. Everything about a 
mobile device is designed to be fast with its layout and its interface. It is therefore 
reasonable to assume that all sites need to make their websites as fast as possible 
for the average consumer.

The human attention span is eight seconds. Just eight seconds. It is these 
seconds that must be utilized to the fullest and not ignored.

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 12

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



For it is these eight seconds that bring them to rubble. It is these eight seconds 
that bring them to their kness. It is these eight seconds, which if taken advantage 
of, can build corporate empires, or if ignored, leave them in the wind. 

A CDN is more than just a way to speed up a business’s site, this speed is the very 
lifeblood of nearly all e-commerce transactions, it is the foundation and pinnacle, 
it is alpha and omega. More importantly, as the ecommerce market grows, the 
demand that a company has a good CDN to compete and satisfy consumers with 
consistency, effectiveness and efficiency, will dramaticly increase

13

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



For our platform we will be releasing the Gladius Token, or GLA. A fixed supply 
of tokens will be issued during the Token Creation and no more tokens will ever 
be created. The tokens will immediatly be available to be used on our network 
system we are launching prior to the public sale.

GLA will be a key component to the Gladius Network in that the token will be 
used by websites to buy DDoS protection and CDN services. The majority of the 
fees will go to the node owner (the individual renting out their spare bandwidth 
and storage space) with a small portion going back to protocol development and 
support. All fees will be denominated in GLA, which is subject to change based 
on supply and demand.

The previously mentioned node owners who are part of protection pools will 
essentially act as miners and be incentivized with GLA for their network support. 
Owners will be paid for their individual work in these official mining pools. As 
opposed to typical blockchains, mining will be rewarded for sharing bandwidth 
and storage space rather than computing power (proof of work), and ownership 
of the currency (proof of stake).

The token is designed so that it will likely reflect the growth of the Gladius 
Network. Additionally Gladius will look into commissions for node owners in 
currencies other than GLA.

Max Sale Issuance: 34,000,000 GLA 

Max Token Issuance: 48,200,000 GLA

Max Token Market Cap: $12,500,000

Max Market Cap: $20,500,000

2.1 | Token System
The role of tokens in the Gladius Network Ecosystem

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 14

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



3.1 | Platform Overview
The general architecture of the Gladius Network.

The Gladius Network architecture, comprised of several distinct sections.

3.1.1 ETHEREUM BLOCkCHAIN

Acts as a centralized database for storing the proxies and their associated service 
providers. There is a cost associated with being added to the database.

3.1.2 CUSTOM PROxy

A series of clients act as a distributed traffic validator while keeping the protected 
service hidden from the exterior. These nodes will also be able to cache site 
content and be part of the Gladius CDN as points of presence.

3.1.3 PROTECTED & ENHANCED SERVICE

Simply changes their nameservers to the ones associated with the custom proxy 
to enable protection. These services are negotiated with a smart contract.

DNS

Bad User

Good User

Good User

Gladius Node
Protected Site

Pool Proxy

Gladius Node

Cached Content

Cached Content

API Calls

API Calls

15

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



4.1 | Competitive Analysis
Our differentiation with the competition.

On October 21st 2016 Dyn, a company that controls an enormous part of the 
internet’s DNS infrastructure, was hit by largest DDoS attack the world had ever 
seen. Over 1.2 Tb/s of malicious connections brought down this cornerstone of 
the internet. Sites including Twitter, Netflix, Reddit, CNN were all completly shut 
down for an entire day. Billions of  dollars were lost because of that attack.  (The 
Guardian)

Moreover, it is becoming cheaper to actually launch DDoS attacks. For as low 
as $5, anyone can purchase access to a botnet and start causing mayhem. For 
$400 you can practically take down any site- even ones protected by industry 
standards such as Cloudflare. This entire network for rent is capable of hitting 
sites with 125 Gbps.  This means that the actual cost of an organized DDoS 
attacks “using a botnet of 1000 workstations can amount to $7 per hour.” (Security 
Affairs)

Cloudflare has a market cap over $3.2 billion. Imperva/Incpsula’s cap is over $1.5 
billion. Akamai’s is over $11 billion. Every one of these DDoS protection industry 
standards charge websites an absurd amount of money for protection that may 
or may not even be needed. Cloudflare’s lowest enterprise tier starts at $5000/
month, but the actual prices charged to each client is larger than this depending 
on the size of the website. (Cloudflare)

(Stratusly and yahoo Finance and Fortune)

Akamai

$11 BCloud�are
$3.2 B

$1.5 B

$1 B

Imperva

Others

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 16

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/oct/26/ddos-attack-dyn-mirai-botnet
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/oct/26/ddos-attack-dyn-mirai-botnet
http://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/57429/cyber-crime/cost-ddos-attack-service.html
http://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/57429/cyber-crime/cost-ddos-attack-service.html
https://www.cloudflare.com/plans/
https://stratusly.com/cloudflare-vs-akamai-in-2016/
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/IMPV/
http://fortune.com/unicorns/cloudflare-34/


4.2 | Funding Breakdown
The specifics of where all money will go.

Funds from our token sale will help the development of the Gladius Network. 
The following is a tentative breakdown of how we are planning to use funds for 
development.

Core Development | 40%

The largest portion of funds will go to completing the development of the 
Gladius Network as described in this paper. This includes the Gladius node 
network, intelligent DDoS protection, smart node pools, smart contract systems, 
supporting protocols and systems, end user applications, etc.

Gladius takes the middleman out of the picture by decentralizing the entire 
network. Our pay-as-you-go service enables websites to custom tailor protection 
to their exact specifications also. If you don’t get DDoS’d you don’t have to 
pay as much. It’s that simple. Our marketplace of protection pools means that 
individuals will compete to provide protection at the lowest price possible. So as  
the platform matures the price per Gb will be on a continuous downward trend.

In the past Cloudflare has been put under backbreaking loads. These attacks 
have left rippling effects for all websites under Cloudflare’s guard. Cloudflare is 
centralized. There’s no going around that for them. This means there is a single 
point of failure in their network. If an attacker can take down their main servers, 
all the underlying websites fall to pieces also.

The Gladius network is designed so that this will never happen. Websites will be 
under the protection of thousands of different pools. An attacker would have to 
hit every single pool to have the same effect as DDoSing Cloudflare. Never before 
has DDoS protection been done this way using a blockchain facilitator. 

17

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



Security | 20%

The next major portion of the funds will be going towards developing extremely 
tight security for our network. In specific this will be encapsulate encryption 
between nodes, DNS obfuscations, and more.

Operations | 20%

This covers the day-to-day costs incurred for a functional system. This includes 
hosting, infrastructure, staffing, outsourcing, management, and other related 
expenses.

Legal | 10%

To comply with the industry’s numerous regulations, we will need legal advice 
and consultation to navigate these sometimes precarious waters.

Marketing | 10%

The marketing budget will be used for strategic partnerships and directly 
marketing to consumers. This will lead to a larger network with more nodes, and 
more websites using the services. Overall more money will be running through 
the system and going to the node owners.

4.3 | Development Roadmap
The stages of our network development.

PRE TOkEN SALE

The goal of this stage is to complete a minimum viable product to showcase the 
core system architecture of the Gladius Network. We will have a functional CDN 
that users can participate in and earn tokens for their bandwidth and storage 
space. DDoS protection will be done through firewall rules.

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 18

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



Note - This stage will be immediatly usable by purchased tokens. This is our core 
product for the Gladius Token. Additional features are scheduled to be added to 
this version.

Development Goals | Pre Token Sale (Released on GitHub: github.com/gladiusio)

-Smart Contracts V1.0 - Payment flow from websites to pools to nodes

-Gladius Client V1.0  - Ability to earn GLA renting bandwith and storage space

-Gladius Web Portal - Ability to pay pools for website CDN service

-Gladius Pool - Ability to create pools

PHASE 1 - ETA MARCH 2018

The goal of this stage is to complete a working first iteration of a complete CDN 
and DDoS protection network capable of handling several Gbs of connections 
per second. This will include multi-level protection and a private rollout to select 
partnered websites. 

Development Goals | Phase 1 (ETA: March 2018)

-Smart Contract V2.0

-Gladius Client V2.0 - Full pool integration, headless client mode, and improved 
blockchain integration

-Gladius Node Pools V2.0 - Improved blockchain integration, and the start of a 
vetting process for new nodes

-Fully Encrypted communications

PHASE 2 - ETA AUGUST 2018

The goal of this stage is to completely finalize the network so that it will be 
commercially viable on a large scale. This means that we will have a network 
large enough to take on hundreds, if not thousands, of websites. Additionally 
we will potentially allow for more pools to be created, each being rated and 
validated to ensure they are performing up to standards.

19

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



Development Goals | Phase 2 (ETA: August. 2018)

-Remove centralized server 

-Smart contracts for discovery and identification services

-Interface implementation for add-on modules

-Gladius Node Pools V3.0 - full vetting and rating process

-Complete auto-payment and bid/ask system for the marketplace

PHASE 3 - ETA DECEMBER 2018

The goal of this stage is to add several additional features to the Gladius Network. 

Development Goals | Phase 3 (ETA: December 2018)

-Release open source network builder for closed-systems

-Complete multi-pool support for protection purchasers

-Add novel CDN techniques to further increase load speeds

-Stretch Goals

FUNDING GOALS

$4 million - Basic DDoS, CDN, and Load Balancing

$5 million - CDN File Upload

$6 million - 5 Layer DDoS Protection

$7 million - Advanced WAF

$8 million - CDN Dynamic Content Caching

$9 million - Gladius App Store

$10 million - Layer 7 DDoS Protection

$11 million - Advanced CDN optimizations

$12.5 million - Advanced DDoS optimizations

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 20

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



5.1 | Funding Details
The specifics of our Token Sale.

Gladius Token Public Presale will commence November 24th

-ETH will be accepted for acquiring GLA.

-Presale will take place before the public sale to accredited investors only.

-Public Presale and Public Sale will be open to everyone

-Token Sale Minimum: $4 million

-Token Sale Hard Cap: $12.5 million

-Max Coin Distribution: 48.3 million GLA

-Address for the sale will be on our website: gladius.io. Do not send ETH to any 
other address you see!

-Tokens will be readily usable in our network to improve websites.

 5.2 | GLA Creation Ratios
How the fixed supply of Gladius Tokens will be allocated.

Tokens will adhere to this distribution. 
After the funding period is complete, the 
Partnership and Core Dev tokens will be 
allocated based on the amount of public 
coins sold.

Public Release

60%Operations
15%

10%

15%

Founders

Team

21

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



5.3 | Additional GLA
How the rest of the coins will be put to use.

The additional GLA generated will be for both the core development team and 
for future stakeholders and strategic partnerships. Additionally coins will be 
given out to members of our bounty programs.

5.3.1 TOkEN SPLIT

-10% of all GLA will go to the core founders. 15% will go the advisory, community, 
and marketing teams. 15% will go to operational costs, which includes bounty 
programs, day-to-day costs, etc.

-The coins for the founding team will be locked for 18 months.

-The other coins will be available through various vesting periods and will be 
given out to the members of our bounty programs, advisors, and early node 
operators. Pre-sale bonuses will be locked for a certain period to vest.

5.3.2 FUTURE SPENDING

Part of the GLA supply will be kept for potential future funding. The Gladius 
Network Phase 2 may require additional funding and we see this as a way to 
accomplish just that. These funds will come out of the budget allocated to 
operational costs.

5.3.3 COMMUNITy CATALyzATION

We will use a portion of our Gladius token supply to promote platform adoption, 
developer interest, and community growth.

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 22

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



5.4 | GLA Pricing
The change of pricing for Gladius tokens over the sale period.

23

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



6.1 | Gladius Architecture
The overarching technical solution.

Gladius works similarly to traditional CDN and DDoS protection companies by creating 
a custom proxy which sits between a website’s server and the open internet. However, 
unlike traditional networks the layer that sits between the website and the internet is 
made up of small clients that split up the traffic verification and cached files/content 
into thousands of tiny parts that are able to communicate with each other in fractions of 
seconds.

Pools of nodes exist to group people into demographic groupings to provide a better 
and faster network experience. These pools can be seen and accessed through a 
marketplace where their information on geographical location, pool size, and reputation 
can be viewed. Pools can additionally consist of only one individual’s or organization’s 
resources, allowing them to run their own instance of a Gladius pool by not approving 
outside nodes. Using our contracts, anyone can distribute their content and combat 
DDoS attacks.

A critical component of any DDoS protection system is keeping the IP address of the 
server hidden which the Gladius network accomplishes by having a final proxy mask the 
IP from the nodes in the pool. The network will also have a built in reputation system 
to prevent malicious pools. Pools also have the ability to approve individual nodes 
entering the pool, allowing for a secure experience.

To create a fully functioning CDN, each node will be capable of caching key content, and 
then delivering that content to nearby clients. A client will be directed to closest node to 
them by using a location based DNS server, guaranteeing they will always be sent to the 
nearest available node.

6.2 | Databases & Joining the Network
The key features of the databases, and joining.

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 24

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



The database of pools will be maintained on the blockchain and appended to by 
miners. This has an inherent cost associated with it, along with a fixed cost, which 
incentivizes nodes to be serious as well as honest. Joining a pool is initiated 
by a node with an Ethereum smart contract. The pool can deny this request 
if it believes the node would not be beneficial based on the user’s general 
demographic information such as location and available bandwidth and storage 
space. 

The database of pools will contain information about reputation, bandwidth, 
maximum cache size, and location. Reputation will be based on key information 
such as user reports and subsequent investigations, protection provided over 
time, total pool age, and total pools size. Bandwidth will be based on the 
aggregate of the nodes available bandwidth as well as the maximum bandwidth 
the pool receives. Location will be viewable on a per node basis. Maximum cache 
size is based on the aggregate of storage space made available by nodes. Having 
all of this information allows for websites to choose pools that would be best 
suited for their needs. For instance, websites could pay more for a very trusted 
pool that has many nodes close to their target audience.

Potential Pool
Provider

Gladius Tokens

Users

Database of Pools Database of Prices

Node Requesting 
Access

Smart Contract

Pool Backbone

25

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



6.3 | Pool Manager
The key features of the load balancing, and pools.

Every pool would have a DNS service that would distribute the traffic to the 
nodes for verification. Because of the nature of DNS, it is easy to distribute 
the load over multiple nameservers creating a very fault tolerant system. This 
coupled with the fact that these nameservers could be protected from most 
attacks with firewall rules because they are only serving very simple content. 
Pools would then have the ability to decide how they want to distribute their 
resources to best fit the needs of their customers.

There will also be a final proxy server (or servers) run by the pool manager to 
mask the true IP of the destination from any potentially malicious node.

This model allows for highly scalable and efficient traffic verification, as well as 
geographically based acceleration. The protection layer of nodes is hidden from 
potential bad actors with DNS, making the pool very tolerant to attack on nodes. 

This architecture results in only a small point of failure to the system which is 
key to a successful DDoS mitigation service. Because of the hidden nature of the 
majority of the network it easy to see where an attacker would target, allowing 
the pool to fortify the single point of entry.

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 26

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



6.4 | Desktop Node Client
The key features of the software client for nodes.

27

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 28

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



The software node client is a cross-platform desktop application that runs a 
lightweight service in the background to communicate with associated pools 
and verify forwarded traffic requests in real-time. Each node makes up an 
integral part of the entire system, but having one go down results in little to no 
protection loss.

In a fraction of a second the client will verify the requests and send a response 
back to the pool if the request is valid, otherwise nothing will happen and 
the malicious request will never be routed to the destination. All of this work 
takes place on the user’s computer and is securely encrypted. Once the cycle is 
completed then the contract is completed and the node is awarded a portion of 
the Gladius Tokens.

The nodes can be part of multiple pools so long as they fit the demographic 
requirements. This means that you can accumulate more GLA so long as your 
bandwidth, storage, and computation power can handle it.

Protection Node Pool Manager

Smart Contract

Terms are agreed

Exchange public keys

Transfer info (IP, location, 
metadata, etc.)

29

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



When a node has been approved it will exchange public keys with the pool 
manager allowing it to securely transfer information such as IP address and 
location. Once this is complete the node ID will be appended to the blockchain as 
a member of the pool. This allows verification of the number of members of the 
pool.

Each node can communicate with other nodes to exchange information about 
which IP addresses are currently flooding the network, or what type of traffic one 
node believes is malicious. This strategy can quickly enable a pool wide block of 
traffic before the attack even if only one node identifies it.

6.5 | Payment Services
How payments travel through the system

Cost is determined by the pool provider and split proportionally among the 
nodes in the pool with the possibility of a certain percentage being maintained 
by the load balancer (as determined by the pool provider). This is to incentivise 
the upkeep and maintenance of high quality pools while discouraging anyone 
from creating low effort pools with weaker hardware. 

Website owner

Initiates the payment and 
requests service

Pool manager

Processes the payments and 
distributes it

Smart contract

Nodes

Gets a percentage of payment 
dependent on manager 

and bandwidth, while a small percent
goes to network support

Smart contract

Gladius network

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 30

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



High quality pools will have better ratings and will subsequently be selected 
more often by services and sites looking for DDoS protection.

This architecture means there will be extreme competitiveness while also 
keeping margins for the pool fairly good due to there being no middle man. 
Pools can adjust prices on a need basis (usually to adjust for Gladius Token value). 
This will shift prices around occasionally, but pools can have the option to select 
a USD value which will change the amount of GLA charged in real-time.

A small percentage of every transaction in the Gladius Marketplace will go back 
to the company for purposes of incentivizing open source development and bug 
bounties. This will be a negligible amount so as to not discourage pools from 

6.6 | Online Web Portal
How users can request DDoS protection for their services.

31

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 32

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



To request DDoS protection, individuals and companies can go onto our web 
portal and add a new request for either a website or some other service they 
want to protect. This is then communicated with selected pools and activated 
in seconds through Ethereum smart contracts. Then all the user needs to do is 
change their DNS settings to the ones we generate for them.

Open Internet

Protected Service

DNS
Unprotected Service

Gladius Proxy
DNS resolves IP of the 
unprotected service

IP Address is not       
exposed to requestor

Web Request

The client simply adds the provided domains to their primary nameservers and 
the site is protected behind the pool. These domains can expire if the contract 
is not renewed, effectively ending service. Additionally the payment is sent 
only when the successful completion of a contract occurs. This means every 
transaction is provably fair and open.

33

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



6.7 | DDoS Mitigation
The techniques used to combat malicious requests.

To combat DDoS attacks Gladius nodes inside the pool will perform a number 
of services and computations to ensure requests are not malicious. These are all 
common techniques used by current DDoS mitigation services and have proven 
to be extremely effective in combating attacks (including Layer 7 and beyond).

Rate-Limiting. By identifying IP addresses that are constantly making website 
requests, Gladius can block these requests from getting access to the website. 
Once the threshold of requests is hit (which is set by the service requestor) the IP 
will no longer be able to access the site.

Protection Requestor Pool Manager

Smart Contract

Terms are agreed

Exchange public keys

Transfer info (IP, location, 
metadata, etc.)

The web client performs a database lookup to find a pool with your required 
bandwidth and space as well as price and allows you to initiate a smart contract 
with them. The pool agrees to provide the client services and the client agrees to 
pay them in exchange.

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 34

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



IP Address Matching. Similar to rate-limiting but smarter, IP address matching will 
be able to group similar IP address together that have known associations with 
each other. This will take shared information from the pool to block threats ahead 
of time.

Intelligent Geo Matching. Additionally Gladius can analyze requests and find 
geographic anomalies to detect and block attacks. 

Browsing Behavior. By using information gathered from the request (whether 
it be from a web browser on a headless request), Gladius can pick out obvious 
dangers and block the requests in their tracks.

Overall a large amount of the protection utilizes anomaly detection to stop 
malicious attacks in their tracks. A key feature of the Gladius Network is that pools 
over time will learn about common attackers and block them preemptively for all 
other sites and services that are being protected.

Over time there will be new client updates that introduce novel methods of 
protection. Gladius will always be looking for new types of attacks and will 
quickly respond to them with new prevention software. Pools with a specified 
number of outdated clients will also be noted in their reputation, meaning pools 
will always be pushing their nodes to update their clients.

35

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



6.8 | Content Delivery Network
The techniques used to speed up website load times.

The Gladius network can more effectively deliver fast content than any 
existing architecture because of the decentralized nature of it. By having many 
relatively low bandwidth nodes spread over a large area, a potential client will 
be connected to a node that is extremely close to them. Instead of having a 
datacenter far away but with high capacity, a client will connect to someone with 
less capacity but very close. Every node will have static file caching so that the 
bulk of the data that a client requests will come from a nearby node, while API 
calls and other dynamic data will still be passed through to the end server.

To verify that files have not been tampered with by a malicious node, each pool 
will be able to send verification requests from the final proxy through another 
node to the node being tested. This ensures that each node has no knowledge 
of  the other nodes in the network ensuring that they would treat a verification 
request like any other. If the files do not match, the pool will have the option to 
immediately remove the node, or damage its reputation if it simply has out of 
date files. 

Reputation of nodes will also be calculated based on random uptime requests 
initiated by the pool as well. Reputation will be treated as a multiplier on top 
of the profit earned from the number of requests, so that the total amount the 
pool pays out never changes, but shifts from poorly performing nodes to better 
performing ones. Additionally content delivery optimizations can and will be 
added as the platform matures. From dynamic sampling of website metadata in 
order to intelligently update caches, to better and more custom-tailorable load-
balancing techniques, there are dozens of additional features to be added after 
the initial release of the Gladius Network.

Node 2Node 1Pool Proxy

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 36

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



7.1 | Team Overview
The history of the Gladius team.

The Gladius Team started in early 2017 as a University of Maryland College Park 
student team with a specialty in computer science, blockchain technology, and 
cybersecurity. Gladius’ founding members set off to research just how effective 
blockchain technology could be in the world of cyber security. After looking 
into the devastating power and sheer frequency of DDoS attacks along with the 
unsatisfactory market conditions, it was clear that the Ethereum blockchain could 
be the solution to these problems. Over the course of weeks and months, the 
team developed the core architecture that soon became the Gladius Network. 
Along with the technology growing, the team has grown in size since then. The 
additional talent has enabled the team to quickly create a working prototype for 
the upcoming token sale.

MAx NIEByLSkI

Max is the original founder of Gladius. Max is 
an enormous proponent of decentralization 
and blockchain technology. With over 8 
years of experience in programming and 
entrepreneurship, he is the perfect person 
to lead Gladius where it needs to go for it to 
become a mainstay in the DDoS protection 
industry.

ALExANDER GODWIN

Alex is a co founder at Gladius. He has been 
interested in programming since a young age 
and wanted to be involved in a decentralized 
project as he believes it is the future of the 
Internet. Alex plays a key role in developing 
smart contracts and general system 
architecture.

37

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



MARCELO MCANDREW

Marcelo is a co-founder and developer for Gladius. 
With a passion for web development and creating new 
technology he is determined to make Gladius a leader 
in the DDoS protection and CDN industries. Marcelo 
plays a crucial role in the development of the Gladius 
Desktop Client and Web Portal.

JEREMy EPSTEIN

Jeremy has 20 years of international marketing experience in 

helping to bring innovative technologies into the mainstream. 

He was VP Marketing at Sprinklr which grew from a $20 million 

valuation and 30 people to $1.8 billion valuation and 1400 people 

in 4 years. Jeremy is also the marketing faculty member for the 

prestigious Blockchain Research Institute, and the co-Founder of 

Crypto Explorers, a leading community for passionate individuals 

seeking to understand the decentralized future, that hosts 

quarterly gatherings called “Crypto Valley Trips” in Switzerland.

FRANk BONNET

Founder and Developer of Dcorp, having advised several 

other successful ICOS, Frank Bonnet comes with nine years 

of experience designing, as well as building countless 

enterprise .NET applications. With a deep understanding of 

solidity and smart contract development, he is an essential 

advisor to our team. Frank has a business view with a 

developer’s expertise.

RUBEN STRANDERS

Dr. Ruben Stranders studied Computer Science at Delft 

University of Technology in The Netherlands and holds 

a PhD in Artificial Intelligence from the University of 

Southampton, Uk. He is a co-founder of FireServiceRota, a 

company specialized in planning and dispatching software 

for emergency services. Ruben lives in Mexico (and enjoys 

the food!), where he teaches AI at Técnologico de Monterrey 

in Querétaro. In addition to his role as consultant and tester 

for the DCORP DAO, he also builds trading bots for crypto-

currencies using AI.

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 38

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr



MIkE BALAGNA

Insightful and multi-talented, Mike has been phenomenal 
in giving shape to many innovative marketing ideas. 
A PR professional who has served as Marketing and 
Communications Manager for Dcorp, he brings value to 
Gladius from multiple angles. He’s advised and managed 
in several projects in the Blockchain space, playing a 
strong role in many successful ICOS.

HANSCO LEEk

Early Bitcoin adopter and investor, currently investing in 
Ether among others. Successful stockbroker, entrepreneur 
and business owner. Has had great success trading and 
speculating on many markets. A co-founder of Dcorp, and 
a valued advisor of several successful Fintech projects and 
ICOS, he is a strong supporter of Gladius and advises our 
team from multiple directions.

ORI LEVI

Digital marketer with over 10 years of experience in PR, SEO, 
and content marketing. He is a cryptocurrency enthusiast 
who has been trading altcoins for several years. Ori has 
been involved behind the scenes in a countless number of 
successful marketing and business development ventures, 
and has advised many ICOS and blockchain startups in 2017.

NADAV DAkNER

Nadav is a veteran online marketer and a serial Entrepreneur. 
He is the Founder and CEO of InboundJunction, an established 
digital marketing firm that helps well-known brands and 
startups boost their online visibility and reputation through 
PR, SEO, reputation management and influencer marketing. 
As a digital influencer and a crypto  expert, he also advises 
blockchain startups and ICOs on marketing, operations and 
business development. He also holds investments in many 
different cryptocurrencies.

39

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017



Acknowledgements

A big thanks to Frank Bonnet for helping us with some of the general system 
architecture, as well as some technical specifics for how pools will interact with 
each other.

Also a big thanks to both DCORP and InboundJunction for the support and work 
building things from the ground up together with us.

All claims in this whitepaper are not final or binding. Everything is subject to 
change before the official release of the Gladius platform and the various token 
sales.

Do not send ETH to any address besides the one that can be found on our 
website: gladius.io. 

Disclaimers

Gladius Network, LLC - 2017 40

GLADIUS NETwork  whITEpApEr


	1.1 The Gladius Solution  4 

