











































March 2018

Whitepaper v1.03

The Backbone 
of Modern Work 
Agreements.



Page 2

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

 Abstract

GRAIN – The backbone of dynamic modern work agreements 

Chairman’s opening remarks

The GRAIN token

The new normal: The dynamic workforce

Conclusion

Roadmap

The old normal: The static workforce

The open ecosystem for work agreements

Spending plan

 The Business Case

Token Distribution at Token Sale

Appendix 1: The team

 Table of Contents

03

08

04

16

05

17

20

06

18

21

07

19

22



Page 3

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

Abstract

GRAIN processes labor contracts on the blockchain and provides an instant payment 
mechanism for compensating workers. GRAIN reinvents the way we work, and lets workers 
share in the success of the platform. 

The GRAIN blockchain simplifies labor contracts by processing the work agreement 
through a smart contract. At the same time, the ecosystem introduces a compliant, prompt 
and fair payment mechanism, all while maintaining full security. The third and final part is 
the introduction of a digital savings account for workers who are being contracted through 
the system, which can also be usedas long-term or for shorter-term needs or saving.

To provide a viable solution for work agreements around the world, GRAIN will be flex-
ible enough to comply with any regulations related to labor. To protect both sides of the 
transaction, GRAIN’s protocol also contains a special mechanism for handling the potential 
volatility of cryptocurrency.

Using the GRAIN blockchain opens up possibilities for staffing agencies, payrollers, HR sys-
tem developers, accounting software and many others. It allows organizations to utilize 
objectively measurable and transparent labor contracts while substantially lowering over-
head costs of work agreements. 

In short, GRAIN provides the 100-billion-euro payroll industry (as determined by the annual 
reports for the top twenty companies) with a transparent, secure and democratic ecosys-
tem for labor by upgrading the existing system to one based on the sharing principle. 



Page 4

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

In early 2016, my friends and I started dreaming of a software solution to fix the unfair 
treatment of the world’s flexible workers (i.e., remote workers, gig employees and those 
operating on short-term contracts). The solution we envisioned was a full workflow system 
that would allow organizations to eliminate all the unnecessary and costly administrative 
layers. In April 2016, we founded Flexentral, and together with a regional venture capitalist 
we put one million euros on the table to make it happen. Flexentral is now being tested by 
our first BETA customers. 

In the process of developing a secure and scalable transaction solution, the tech team de-
cided to build the system on the block chain and to also add a direct payment mechanism. 
Thus, GRAIN was created. GRAIN conducts the entire transaction in the most efficient, fair 
and transparent way and is poised to become the new currency of work.

In our quest to make the world of work more beneficial for all, the next logical step was to 
create a private retirement fund into which the employer must pay and over which workers 
have full control. This will be done under the condition that a positive legal assessment of 
each of the involved jurisdictions is issued. Again, there are no layers in between; hence, we 
were able to create Harvest, a fund that benefits all GRAIN users.

Long story short, we decided to separate GRAIN from Flexentral into a separate business 
model, the purpose of which is to serve all software solutions that need an operating sys-
tem for work, with Flexentral as its first proof of concept. 

In this paper you will find the way we think the ecosystem should be built, which is more 
than just technology; it is creating a new world of work without the burden of organizations 
that only slice away at rather than add value to labor transactions.

Our entire team is committed to building the largest work movement in labor since workers 
first formed unions.

Happy reading.

Onno Hektor

Chairman of the GRAIN AG

Chairman’s  
Opening Remarks



Page 5

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

Society’s view of work is an ever-changing one. Famous Greek 
philosophers Plato and Aristotle pointed out that the majority of 
men labored “in order that the minority – the elite – might engage 
in pure exercises of the mind, art, philosophy and politics.” 

As time passed and perspectives of work changed, new systems 
were introduced. With the coming of the industrial age, work be-
came more strictly organized. 

People were no longer just working on farms or specializing in 
crafts; instead they would come together in factories and work in 
larger groups. Organisations in turn became more sophisticated 
to handle the increased scale of operation.

While organisations grew more complex, so did the regulations 
and compliance requirements for companies. Things like mini-
mum wage, overtime payment, unemployment insurance, etc. 
were brought to life to offer workers more security and stability.

Due to the complexity of these systems, as well as new laws and 
increased regulations, the costs and risks of creating workforces 
led to other cost-increasing services in order to avoid risk and 
liability. This resulted in the origin of several services like hiring, 
payroll and staffing. 

These services handle the administrative processes related to 
work agreements, and with all the red tape and unnecessary ex-
penses cost companies and society billions of dollars annually.

This directly prevents economic growth and inflates the labor 
costs, taking money away from new innovations and other social 
improvements.

The Old Normal:  
The Static Workforce

The top 10 staffing 
firms made a profit 
of $18B USD in 2016. 



Page 6

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

Organizations now evolve at a much faster pace: new techno-
logical developments and increased global competition force 
companies to adapt if they want to thrive. This need for adapt-
ability translates to companies organizing themselves in a much 
more flexible way.

This evolution is also being fueled from the workers’ side. As 
workers no longer need to accept the old “9-to-5” and “work to 
live” mentality, a full-time job is no longer the dream or socially 
necessary. Instead, by working as a specialized contractor, they 
have more control over how much they need to work and what 
projects they become involved with.

A study by Freelancers Union shows that there are 57.3 million 
people that freelance in the US (in 2016). Another study by Intuit 
shows that in 2020, 43% of the US workforce will be flexible work-
ers. It’s clear that in this on-demand economy, more and more 
people are becoming self-employed and will operate as flexible 
workers.

As Accenture’s Liquid Workforce concept illustrates, this trend is 
becoming unstoppable. Companies around the world that em-
brace a more dynamic workforce find themselves in a more 
competitive position: the on-demand economy allows them to 
allocate capital and time more effectively.

However, the antiquated rules of the “old normal,” which still ap-
ply, make it hard for companies to organize themselves around 
their new dynamic workforces. Opportunities are therefore lost to 
the complexity and unnecessary costs that arise as companies try 
to apply the new normal to an outdated framework.  

The New Normal:  
The Dynamic Workforce 



Page 7

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

When dissecting the management of work in this “new 
normal” of dynamic workforces, there are hurdles on 
both sides of the equation that we need to overcome:

Challenge #1: inflation of work

By facilitating the direct relationship between worker 
and employer, GRAIN reduces the constantly inflating 
costs of maintaining traditional employee relationships. 
Work agreements are moved to the blockchain, with an 
instant payment mechanism that makes expensive and 
low-value-adding middleman services such as pay-
rolling unnecessary. GRAIN just stores the contract and 
processes the financials of the agreement. GRAIN is ag-
nostic of locals requirement about taxation and social 
insurance contributions.

This allows companies to save billions of dollars annu-
ally, reducing red-tape from all layers and introducing a 
dynamic workforce.

Challenge #2: expensive cross-
currency payments

The right talent for projects isn’t always located near a 
company’s office. In fact, companies can often find it on 
the other side of the world.

Whether it’s outsourcing a department to a lower-wage 
country or hiring a designer through an online freelance 
platform, the problem is no longer finding those people: 
the most costly aspect is actually engaging them and re-
mitting payment for their work.

Transactions through third-party payment providers 
apply unfavorable exchange rates on top of transaction 
fees (usually 2-4% of the transaction value), shaving a lot 
off the top of workers’ compensation.

The solution offered by GRAIN reduces that fee ten times 
to 0.25% of the total contract price.

Challenge #3: late payment for 
flexible workers

Cashflow is the lifeblood of business. For smaller com-
panies and flexible workers, the effects of delayed pay-
ments are especially crippling: Owners can’t pay them-
selves, new employees can’t be hired, there’s no room 
for investment in marketing or new equipment and so 
forth. In the worst cases, it puts small companies out of 
business. 

The Zurich SME Risk Index, for example, shows that more 
than half (52%) of Britain’s SMBs are owed an estimated 
total 44.6 billion pounds in late payments.

With the on-demand economy now a reality, compa-
nies need a more adaptive workforce. By increasing the 
number of contingent staff, companies create an agile 
organization to better serve their customers and as a re-
sult can be far more innovative.

This dynamic workforce is location-agnostic and global 
in nature, which only means that these three key chal-
lenges will become bigger and more expensive.

 
The Business Case



Page 8

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

GRAIN processes labor contracts on the blockchain, pro-
viding an instant payment mechanism for compensating 
workers. 

Blockchain technology is the perfect solution to stream-
line those processes around work agreements because:

• It’s flexible enough to allow for different types of 
agreements

• It’s transparent, so everyone remains aware of the 
agreements between and obligations of the parties 
involved

• It allows for cheap remittance of worker  
compensation

• Payments can be made instantly across currencies 
without high transaction costs

There are still many variables involved in work agree-
ments that are country-, person- and situation-depend-
ent (think of regulations, compliance, taxes. etc.). To en-
sure that GRAIN is a viable solution that works across the 
world, we will build it to serve as the basic infrastructure 
for transaction partners to process worker compensa-
tion agreements.

GRAIN’s protocol is “the new currency of work,” and part-
ners can leverage the flexibility of the system’s protocol 
to suit every possible work-agreement scenario.

The GRAIN ecosystem

The GRAIN ecosystem consists of five elements::

• A labor contract: The most essential element of 
the blockchain to register the agreement of when, 
where and how work will be performed.

• A payment mechanism: Facilitating the transfer of 
compensation from employer to worker

• Liquidity insurance: Protecting participants from 
typical fluctuations in the value of cryptocurrencies

• Harvest: Allowing workers to benefit from the suc-
cess of GRAIN

• Governance: Making sure GRAIN can answer all 
regulatory and compliance requirements

 
GRAIN - The Backbone of 
Modern Work Agreements 



Page 9

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

Once an employer or company and the worker agree on 
the type of work to be performed and its compensation, 
a smart contract is created.

This smart contract is much like a regular agreement be-
tween an employer and worker, with the only difference 
being that it’s registered on the blockchain.

The details registered in the contract are:

• Who is responsible for delivering the work

• When the work will be performed

• The compensation for the work (in fiat currency and 
GRAIN)

• Payment conditions

• When consensus for the work performed is reached  

By logging these details on the blockchain, the smart 
contract can serve as the objectively measured truth of 
the agreement. However, by no means do we claim that 
we resolve all domain-related issues regarding work 
performance.

Consensus on closing of the con-
tract

In order for the contract to close, conditions of the con-
tract need to be met. To allow flexibility for different cas-
es, consensus may be achieved in different ways: there 
can be an arbitrary system to automate the completion 
of work, or it can involve manual steps.

For example, in the case of  agreements for full-time 
employees, a recurring payment date can specify when 
the funds will be released. This recurring interval ends 
the moment the contract is terminated.

Another example is that the contract specifies work be-
ing done within an agreed-upon period before funds 
are released. In this case, there may be conflicts that 
requires specific scenarios for dealing with smart con-
tracts, perhaps even full rollbacks.

The way the GRAIN blockchain resolves this is illustrat-
ed below, ensuring that transactions always lead to a 
conclusion while also eliminating the possibility of abuse 
from any party involved.

 

What types of agreements are possible? 

The smart contract accommodates different types 
of work agreements. Using the terminology “worker” 
doesn’t imply that the labor contracts can only be used 
for typical employer-employee relationship.

Any imaginable type of agreement where labor is in-
volved can be registered with GRAIN. For example, both 
project-based agreements with fixed deliverables (i.e., 
agreements with contractors or flexible workers) and 
agreements that exchange a time commitment for mon-
ey (i.e., the work agreement of a full-time employee) are 
possible. GRAIN isn’t the legal employer, but offers a 
platform where third entities can employ workers based 
on fully automated smart contracts.

 
Element #1:  
labor contracts

step 1 Notification 3 days to close if not automatic

step 2 worker OK NOK OK NOK

employer OK OK NOK NOK

step 3 Succes conflict resolution

step 4 Close Open Close

step 5 Payment Resolution Restitution

step 6 New term / time

Go to step 1



Page 10

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

Once consensus has been reached, it’s time for the 
worker to be compensated for their efforts. 

For this payment, GRAIN tokens are used. An amount of 
GRAIN tokens, after deduction of  social and tax contri-
bution as applicable in the national’s jurisdictions deter-
mined by the contract, will be transferred to the wallet of 
the worker. The funds are instantly at the disposal of the 
worker and the contract is completed. 

Transaction partners take care of all the locals and social 
+ tax deductions. GRAIN processes the proceeds of the 
contracts, hence independent from local (tax) rules.

The transaction system

After consensus is reached, the work-
er receives 100% of agreed funds in his wal-
let.  The employer pays an additional small  
percentage of the transaction (which by default is 1%, 
but can adjusted by the integration partner or em-
ployer) which goes into the worker’s personal Har-
vest fund for later or immediate use (explained in 
Element #4 GRAIN Harvest). Finally, to be able to  
process this transaction, a small transaction fee (0.25%) 
is charged that goes to the GRAIN AG and the transac-
tion partner.

 
Element #2:  
payment



Page 11

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

Transaction fee

The transaction cost of 0.25% of the contract value is split 
50-50 between the GRAIN company and the transaction 
partner. 

The part of the transaction cost that goes to the Grain 
company is to fuel the continuous development, main-
tenance and operational costs of the GRAIN ecosystem. 
The other 50% of the transaction cost is allocated to the 
transaction partner that implements the GRAIN protocol 
to facilitate work agreements and transactions.

Payment conditions

One of the clauses in the smart contract is how the em-
ployer will pay for the work, also known as the payment 
conditions. The blockchain foresees three different pay-
ment scenarios. By providing these options, GRAIN can 
support any work agreement however both parties de-
cide is most appropriate. Each scenario has its pros and 
cons, and it’s up to the employer and worker (or even 
the transaction partner) to choose the option that is best 
suited to the situation. 

GRAIN merely provides a broad set of options to be able 
to handle any type of labor agreement.

Getting paid in fiat currency

Although using blockchain and the GRAIN token as the 
mechanism to facilitate work is necessary to eradicate 
existing inefficiencies, workers typically like to get paid in 
their local fiat currency. 1

That’s why, by default, users of the GRAIN blockchain will 
get paid in fiat currency. 

The GRAIN wallet and partner ecosystems automatically 
perform the required conversions when a transaction is 
created and when consensus has been reached on per-
formed work. 

This is especially important at the beginning of GRAIN’s 
existence, when it’s likely that the value of the token will 
be volatile.

1 To exchange fiat currency against GRAIN, we will partner with several major exchanges in the market 
space. This not only provides us with a direct option to exchange fiat currency to GRAIN but will also 
allow users of GRAIN to request payment in GRAIN instead of fiat currency.

Escrow The employer pays for the work upfront by putting the required amount of GRAIN – according to the contract – in 
escrow as soon as the contract is initiated.

This value will be stored on a smart contract specific to this deal and will exist on the blockchain until the expira-
tion date and consensus has been reached. 

Once consensus is reached, all parties can retrieve their respective part of the escrow funds (as specified by the 
contract). If for whatever reason consensus hasn’t been reached at the expiration date, funds are released and 
parties must establish a new smart contract.

Currency Option The company/employer pays for the work after it has been delivered but acquires a currency option that locks in 
the exchange rate of GRAIN-to-fiat at the moment of entering the contract.

This means that when the work has been delivered and the contract is ready to be completed, the company/em-
ployer has the right to buy the required amount of GRAIN at the original exchange-rate-to-fiat.

Just-in-time  
payment

By using the just-in-time payment option, the employer receives a payment obligation for the agreed-upon com-
pensation at the time the money is due. With this option, it’s not necessary to pay for the work upfront.



Page 12

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

Because of the possible volatility of cryptocurrencies and 
their exchange rates to fiat currency, we need to intro-
duce a mechanism to make sure that both sides of the 
transaction are protected.

The most important aspect of a work agreement is that 
we ensure the worker receives the agreed-upon amount 
in fiat, but that doesn’t mean the employer should be 
punished if the value of GRAIN fluctuates.

GRAIN should be an attractive option for employers, 
which is why there are three different payment methods 
to choose from. For two of those methods, “Escrow” and 
“Currency Option,” a mechanism needs to be in place to 
be able to execute transactions successfully.

In this section, we’ll explain exactly how that works.

The escrow option 

When the employer chooses to make use of the escrow 
option, the full amount of the contract value is prepaid 
and put into escrow.

Because there is some time between the moment of pre-
payment and the moment of consensus, it’s possible that 
the exchange rates will change. That’s why the smart 
contract will automatically recalculate its value at the 
moment of consensus: to make sure that the worker gets 
paid the right amount in fiat as agreed upon. 

The smart contract checks the value of the GRAIN avail-
able in escrow and adds or subtracts the required GRAIN 
to reach the agreed-upon value, based on the current 
exchange rate.

The insurance wallet is the main reserve fund of GRAIN; 
managed by the Grain company, it is used as a buffer 
to mitigate exchange rate volatility. To guarantee pay-
ment, the wallet will reserve 150% of the token value of 
every contract in escrow until the contract is liquidated. 
The Grain company will hold 25% of the GRAIN tokens in 
the insurance wallet for this purpose. 

When the value of GRAIN increases compared to fiat 
currency (and       < 0 ), there is too much GRAIN in 
escrow. The excess amount will be taken back by the 
GRAIN protocol and deposited into the insurance wallet. 
The employer/company has paid no more than the re-
quired amount in Fiat according to the contract, and the 
worker receives exactly as much as they should.

Conversely, when,         > 0 GRAIN is pulled from the 
insurance wallet and added to the existing GRAIN in es-
crow before the final payment.

This entire process will be governed by a separate smart 
contract to maintain full transparency and validity. The 
GRAIN company will return any profit of the escrow in-
surance to the ecosystem for all participants (employ-
ers and workers). (Read more on this in the “Element #4: 
Harvest” section.)

 
Element #3:  
liquidity insurance

The following equation is used to calculate the amount of GRAIN required:

             Where: = GRAIN added or subtracted by the insurance wallet at  
          moment of consensus 
  = GRAIN/fiat exchange rate at creation of agreement 
  = GRAIN/fiat exchange rate at time of consensus 

  = prior agreed upon payment in fiat



Page 13

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

It is possible that when GRAIN increases in value, the em-
ployer, when using this option eventually pays less GRAIN for 
the same transaction due to this fluctuation. However there’s 
always the option to buy the required GRAIN to complete the 
transaction at the current exchange rate at the time consen-
sus is reached. Any premium for this transaction will go in the 
insurance wallet.

Currency option

Alternatively, when the employer decides to pay for the 
work with the “Currency Option,” they will only pay af-
ter the work has been delivered. With his currency op-
tion, however, the employer locks in the exchange rate 
of GRAIN-to-fiat at the moment of entering the contract.

That means that when the work has been delivered, the 
employer has the right to buy GRAIN tokens at the origi-
nal exchange-rate-to-fiat instead of the exchange rate 
applicable at the moment of consensus.

For this right, the employer pays a premium that is de-
pendent on the size and duration of the agreement. This 
premium is transferred to the same insurance wallet the 
“Escrow” uses.



Page 14

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

One of the benefits of using GRAIN is the Harvest, Grain’s 
solution for creating an environment in which partici-
pants of the ecosystem share in the success of GRAIN. 

There are two ways those rewards are created:

• Profit sharing of the escrow insurance

• Direct individual compensation for workers

The rewards a user receives go directly into his or her 
wallet, and they can choose when and how to withdraw 
from it, either to another ERC20-wallet or directly to fiat 
currency through an automated exchange. 

Proceeds from escrow

As discussed in the Liquidity insurance section, when the 
value of GRAIN increases over time, the insurance wal-
let will collect more than it spends. This profit will be re-
turned directly to the ecosystem and divided amongst 
the participants (both employers and workers).

Each year, the GRAIN company will publish a formal cal-
culation for the distribution of this profit sharing.

Direct compensation for  
workers

With every transaction that is conducted through GRAIN, 
the worker receives a percentage that goes into his or 
her Harvest fund. By default, this percentage is 1% of the 
transaction value and is paid by the employer. However, 
the employer or transaction partner can decide how 
much this percentage will be.

A lot of companies already contribute to a worker’s pen-
sion fund (through 401(k)s or other pension plans), and 
this mechanism is a great way to deal with that reality.

For a worker, the Harvest fund is a great way to build up 
savings as they accumulate more transactions through 
the ecosystem. This fund can be used for future financial 
security.

 
Element #4:  
GRAIN Harvest



Page 15

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

Labor across the world comes with several country regulations 
and compliance issues related to it. If GRAIN wants to become 
a serious alternative for facilitating work agreements throughout 
the world, it needs to be open and accommodating. 

GRAIN will provide placeholders related to the contract written 
on the blockchain. Transaction partners can choose how to take 
advantage of this feature.

This can be achieved by adding code or clauses to smart con-
tracts or by implementing measures on the transaction partner’s 
side. 

Examples:

• Auditing options for external regulatory organizations

• Proof of experience or certification

• Mechanisms for taxes and fees auditing

• Identity checks of GRAIN participants (for example by col-
laborating with a service like Civic)

• Other possible measures

 
Element #5:  
Governance and Compliance



Page 16

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

GRAIN is an ERC20-compatible token that will be used as an ab-
straction of the value of work. Every transaction in the ecosys-
tem is fueled by GRAIN tokens, making the exchange of value for 
work, fast, cheap and globally scalable. GRAIN Token will be used 
as a mean of accountancy.

Based on the Ethereum blockchain, GRAIN is able to facilitate 
transactions for work in a safe and transparent manner.

The “smart contracts” are chunks of software that are immutable 
pieces of “truth,” the strength of which lies in the fact that there 
is no way for a centralized authority or a malicious user to take 
advantage of the system. 

Instead, a decentralized collection of users (called “miners”) have 
the power to ensure contracts are executed correctly. Ethereum 
uses a system called “Proof of Work” to achieve consensus be-
tween all miners on the “truth” and to make malicious use of the 
blockchain economically unviable.  

 
 
The GRAIN token 



Page 17

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

Work agreements are being made across the world 
every single day, and all of those agreements could ben-
efit from being conducted through GRAIN.

To prove that GRAIN is a viable and scalable option, 
founding partner Flexentral will introduce a workforce 
management application built on top of the GRAIN 
blockchain. 

For GRAIN to spread across the globe and bring value to 
workers and employers everywhere, the ecosystem will 
grow with partners who build on top of GRAIN and ex-
pand the ecosystem to a global movement. 

That’s why GRAIN operates as an independent entity, 
unbiased towards its users and transaction partners. 
Different players can contribute to the ecosystem and 
potential transaction partners will be encouraged to join. 

Proof of concept of GRAIN 
Flexentral

One of GRAIN’s founding partners, Flexentral, will be the 
first front-end solution to make use of the proposed pro-
tocol. 

Flexentral is an enterprise workforce management solu-
tion that allows users to find and hire workers, bypass-
ing legacy payrolling services. It provides a workflow for 
managing a dynamic workforce. With $1 million USD in 
seed funding, Flexentral is currently running in closed 
beta. For this purpose GRAIN AG in constitution will use 
part of the ICO proceeds to acquire Flexentral solution.

Go to market strategy:  
transaction partners 

GRAIN will be marketed and sold as a component to ex-
isting solutions in the market. From the local ISV to the 
international temporary agency or job portals, GRAIN 
will profile its service as the operating system of work. 

The partner model will be presented before GRAIN 
is launched as a commercial product. All partners re-
ceive a 50% commission from the transaction fee GRAIN 
charges. For many partners, this will transform a cost 
into revenue generation. 

Our partner strategy is why the release and maintenance 
of a broad set of APIs will be the company’s key techno-
logical objective, allowing more companies to connect 
to the protocol and make use of all of its benefits.

All partners of GRAIN can choose between two partner-
ships: 

• Gold: these are the strategic partners of GRAIN who 
will initially commit upfront to buy one month of their 
operational sales revenue  in GRAIN.   

• Standard: these partners can connect the GRAIN in-
frastructure to their solution and its API. 

 
The open ecosystem for 
work agreements



Page 18

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

GRAIN  has the potential to truly change the way the world works by elimi-
nating the inefficiencies involved with work agreements. 

By using blockchain technology, GRAIN ensures that:

• Companies need only pay the necessary costs related to work agree-
ments (thereby eliminating the need for payroll and other services)

• Paying for work across currencies becomes cheaper and more equal 
for those who deliver work

• Everyone gets paid on time, and no one runs the risk of going bankrupt 
from delayed payments

• Companies can now make use of the most efficient and cost-effective 
protocol for handling work agreements with their dynamic workforce

Please, join our journey and make the world a better place for work.

 
 
Conclusion



Page 19

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

To fund the realization of the GRAIN ecosystem, a public token sale is scheduled in the first 
quarter of 2018. During this public offering, 30% of the generated GRAIN tokens will be 
made available for purchase. 

The tokens that aren’t released during the token sale are kept by the GRAIN reserves (24%) 
to ensure steady growth and a sustainable ecosystem. The Escrow fund (25%) is also man-
aged by the Grain company and is in place to tackle exchange rate fluctuations during 
the duration of work agreements. The Founding team of GRAIN is rewarded with a part of 
the tokens (5%). A part of the tokens is reserved for Advisors / Partnerships (15%). 1% will be 
used for bounty programs.

 
 
Token distribution



Page 20

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

The potential impact of the GRAIN company depends on the amount of tokens sold during the public 
sale. By creating a dynamic budget, the amount of collected funds can be allocated accordingly. 

The token sale will be capped at 30 million euros, which is the amount required to disrupt the current 
workforce ecosystem globally and to execute the stable GRAIN company.

Development   35%: Growing the development team and acquiring royalties

Marketing & Biz dev  35% Generating more awareness and getting partners on board

Reserves   20% Funds set aside to cover unforeseen costs

Operations   7% Operational costs, besides the tech and marketing budgets

Legal and security  2% Third-party providers to assist with legal and security 

Token sale cost   1% Costs involved with managing a successful token sale

 
 
Spending plan



Page 21

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

 
 
Roadmap

 Q2 - 2016 Founding of Flexentral

€1,000K total capital (€500K seed, €500K founders)

Start of development of Flexentral

Q2 - 2017 Decision made to separate GRAIN as transaction engine; “the new  
currency of work”

First BETA customers committed

Q4 - 2017 Whitepaper & GRAIN.IO ready

Friends ’n Family pre-ICO round, €500K raised

GRAIN AG established (Zug, Switzerland)

Whitelist phase announcement & start mid-Dec

 Q1 - 2018 Whitelist phase end mid-Feb

European investor roadshow

 Q2 - 2018 ICO start (April 2018) 

First public BETA test of GRAIN

Global exchange listing of GRAIN

Partner with Ethereum Alliance

Q3 - 2018 Release GRAIN API v1.0

First GRAIN strategic development partner sign-up

GRAIN API release

Q4 - 2018 First BETA test developer solution with GRAIN

Milestone number of 10 active GRAIN transaction partners

Q1 - 2019 First revenue reporting quarter

Announcement financial plan 2019



Page 22

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

 
 
Team

Onno Hektor 
CEO & President of the 
board 
Former Senior Director for Micro-
soft. Introduced several products to 
the EMEA market during 18 pioneer-
ing years (Windows, MS Office). 
Managed a lot of introductions of 
US startups to the EMEA market.

André Bonvanie 
Board Member 
Serial entrepreneur and inves-
tor and former Sales Director at 
Microsoft. Excellent go-tomarket 
manager, responsible for several 
US startup successes in the EMEA 
market.

Erik Koster  
Board Member 
Experienced blockchain consultant 
and CEO of Globalscreen. Double 
MSc at University of Amsterdam 
and Delft.

Maurits Elzinga  
Founding member 
Liaison between software de-
velopers and GRAIN. chief user 
experience and usability. Is actively 
involved in integrating GRAIN inside 
Flexentral.

Artem Gorev  
Smart contract expert 
Blockchain and smart contract 
expert. All-around, multi-language 
backend developer. MsC in com-
puter science.

Arjo van Ramshorst  
Founding member 
Blockchain knowledge, Chief Tech-
nology Officer at Flexentral, archi-
tecture and design advisor for the 
Grain protocol. Has been involved 
from the early days. 



Page 23

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

 
 
Team

Jeroen van Megchelen 
Blockchain expert 
Former hacker turned blockchain 
developer. Technology entrepreneur. 
Vast experience in building blockchain 
applications.

Philippe Vanderhoydonck 
Marketing + PR 
Marketing strategist with a strong 
background in B2B marketing for 
software companies.  

Lucas Huizinga  
Marketing + Community 
Tech-savvy marketing expert. Re-
sponsible for go-to-market strategy 
and community management.



Page 24

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

 
 
Advisors

Ralph Jacobs  
Board of Advisors 
Executive lecturer at Nyenrode 
Business University and co-author of 
“The secret of agile organizations”. 
Expert on how a dynamic workforce 
connects to strategic and opera-
tional excellence.

René Hendriks  
Board of Advisors 
Entrepreneur. Great out-of-the-
box thinker and investor. Rene will 
always challenge the board to take 
the 180 degree view on business 
decisions. Endless energy.

Temme Sikkema  
Board of Advisors 
Assistant professor at University of 
Groningen, specialized in informa-
tion security and auditing. Helps 
Grain with implementing IT security 
and privacy certifications.

Roberto de Freitas  
Board of Advisors 
Actuary and risk management 
professional. Great knowledge 
resource for the requirements of 
designing and managing the Har-
vest fund. Works for big insurance 
companies.

Laurent Delaporte  
Board of Advisors 
Serial entrepreneur. Board Mem-
ber. Former Microsoft VP. Laurent 
will assist Grain in conquering the 
French market.

Bhavik Patel  
Board of Advisors 
Venture Capital and Crypto Investor. 
Serial Entrepreneur. CFO of private 
equity company Conor Acquisitions. 
Liason for North American market.



Page 25

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

 
 
Advisors

Hedwigh Verbruggen-
Letty 
Board of Advisors 
Human resources and organizational 
development expert. Senior honours 
lecturer at University Utrecht and co-
author of “Het nieuwe werken” (The 
new way of working).

Hans Hoogeveen 
Board of Advisors 
Former COO of Randstad, the 
world’s second-largest HR services 
provider. Human capital expert. 
Will expedite Grain’s go-to-market 
success with access to key players in 
the market.



Page 26

Whitepaper v1.03 - The Backbone of Modern Work Agreements.

GRAIN wants to demonstrate compliance with our part-
ners’ objectives pertaining to information security and 
privacy regulations, we will have both our technologi-
cal framework and the surrounding control environment 
audited with a yearly frequency. Whether they are em-
ployers, employees or transaction partners, each par-
ty involved in a transaction will be provided with a so 
called SOC2® Type 2 assurance report*), issued by an 
independent Big4 audit firm. 

In addition, GRAIN fully endorses the CSA STAR-initia-
tive of the Cloud Security Alliance. A powerful industry 
initiated program for security assurance in the cloud, 
STAR encompasses key principles of transparency, rig-
orous auditing, and harmonization of standards. GRAIN 
is committed to adhere to STAR’s Cloud Controls Matrix 
and the disclosure of its compliance by submitting a so 
called Consensus Assessments Initiative Questionnaire 
(CAIQ) in the CSA Security, Trust and Assurance Register. 
This information will become publicly available, promot-
ing transparency and providing customer visibility into 
our specific security practices.

In order to ultimately achieve SOC2® Type 2 assurance, the following 
roadmap is foreseen.

Q2 2018: Registration of the Cloud Security Alliance STAR CAIQ 
(Level 1: self-assessment)

Q2 2018: Engaging a Big4 audit form to perform a SOC2® assurance 
mandate

Q3 2018: SOC2® Type 1 assurance report available (on the suitability 
of the design of our controls)

Q1 2019: SOC2® Type 2 assurance report available (on both the 
suitability of the design of our controls and the operating effectiveness 
of those controls)

Q1 2019: Cloud Security Alliance STAR Certification (Level 2) [by 
means of SOC2® assurance]

General Data Protection 
Regulation (GDPR)

The new EU privacy directive, GDPR, will become en-
forceable from 25 May 2018 onwards. From the onset, 
all GRAIN technology and procedures have been de-
signed and built to enable our partners to be fully GDPR-
compliant. So regardless of whether the organisation is 
based in or outside of the EU, Grain allows them to be 
compliant when working with EU residents.

*) A SOC2® assurance report is intended to meet the needs of a broad 

range of users that need detailed information and assurance about the 

controls at a service organisation relevant to security, availability, and 

processing integrity of the systems the service organisation uses to pro-

cess users’ data and the confidentiality and privacy of the information 

processed by these systems. There are two types of reports: A Type 2 

report on management’s description of a service organization’s system 

and the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of controls; 

and a Type 1 report on management’s description of a service organiza-

tion’s system and the suitability of the design of controls. Since GRAIN’s 

users need to be informed with regard to the operating effectiveness of 

controls that are relevant to them, GRAIN will mandate a SOC2® Type 

2 engagement.

Information Security and 
Privacy considerations


