





























GREENMED

Blockchain-based credit card 
payments for legal marijuana



2 

Whitepaper 
V2 
  



3 

TABLE OF CONTENT 
 

INTRODUCTION 5 	

Our	mission	 5	

Dangers	of	accepting	cash	 5	

How	dispensaries	currently	deal	with	cash	 6	

Market	size	 6	

THE GREENMED TOKEN 7 	

Purpose	and	usage	 7	

Technical	implementation	 8	

Bringing	cryptocurrency	to	the	masses	 8	

Liquidity	and	volatility	 8	

THE GREENMED ECOSYSTEM 8 	

Dispensaries	 8	

Customers	 9	

GreenMed	 9	

THE GREENMED APP 10 	

Focused	on	user	experience	 10	

Legal	marijuana	delivery	 10	

Features	 10	

Screenshots	 11	

COMPETITIVE ANALYSIS 12 	

ROADMAP 13 	

TOKEN ISSUANCE 13 	



4 

FOUNDING TEAM 14 	

REFERENCES 15 	
  



5 

INTRODUCTION 

Our mission  
Our mission is to provide electronic and credit card payments for the medical marijuana industry. 
 
“Medical marijuana sales are projected to grow from $4.7 billion in 2016 to $13.3 billion in 2020” [1] 
 
With twenty-eight states where medical marijuana is now legal, and eight others where recreational 
marijuana is also legal, customers are still unable to make purchases without first making a trip to an 
ATM.  
 
Due to federal regulations medical marijuana companies are unable to process electronic payments or 
use traditional banking. They are forced to only accept cash payments. "[…] An estimated 70% of medical 
marijuana companies do not have bank accounts." [2] 
This excludes many consumers who often do not carry cash and instead prefer to pay for purchases 
with the swipe of a card or the wave of their phone. 
 
As cash-only operations, the legal marijuana industry is every day losing out on potential new business 
transactions and revenues from the card-paying public. Also the legal marijuana businesses face greater 
security risks and the excessive costs of constructing highly secure facilities and providing round the 
clock surveillance and protecting merchandise and assets. This is an unsustainable burden particularly if 
the industry is to remain competitive and profitable in the long run. 
 
Banks will however work with a cryptocurrency token company. As a company we use cryptocurrency 
token purchases to facilitate debit card, credit card, and EFT transactions between customers and 
dispensaries. We process all USD based transactions and allow dispensaries to accept traditional fiat 
payments. Whenever a customer is initiating a purchase with a credit or debit card, GreenMed 
processes the transaction as a token sale. The GreenMed app then transfers the token to the 
merchant’s wallet, and then converts it to USD to finally end-up in a bank account or the GreenMed 
debit card.  
 

Dangers of accepting cash 
Only accepting cash payments can lead to dangers and complications for dispensary owners and 
customers. Legal marijuana dispensaries have to pay for security and transportation of the cash. Cash 
takes up space and is difficult to securely store. 
When a dispensary owner has to transport cash, it can cause potentially hazardous situations. 
Dispensaries are easy targets for robberies at any time and are usually forced to either hire security or 
carry firearms. Due to regulations, handling large amounts of cash is a necessary but extremely 
dangerous part of being a dispensary owner. We hope to solve this issue and increase the safety of the 
legal marijuana transactions by providing electronic payment options such as credit card processing and 
EFT for these companies. 
 



6 

How dispensaries currently deal with cash 
Due to many instances in which marijuana dispensaries are not being able to deposit their cash into bank 
accounts, marijuana companies need to find different methods to store their cash. 
This includes methods such as storing their cash at their home or some other unsecured storage facility. 
This is incredibly dangerous and can lead to theft and loss. With electronic payments, the dispensary 
owner eliminates this risk factor from their business. 
Dispensary owners have to also pay all their employees in cash, pay all their taxes in cash, and all of their 
business expenses in cash. This can be complicated and cumbersome to do. Keeping track of all these 
cash transactions is expensive and can lead to mistakes. 
  
Giving dispensaries the ability to track all their transactions through the GreenMed app makes it easy for 
them to track all their costs and expenses. And because dispensaries are being paid directly by 
GreenMed and into their bank account or GreenMed debit card, they will be able to pay all their 
expenses using traditional banking methods. Thus reducing dangers, loss, mistakes, and helping them 
staying compliant with all financial regulations. 

Market size  
As of January 2017 there was nearly 3000 legal marijuana dispensaries in the US. This growing market, as 
well as the states that will legalize in the near future, will set the stage for impressive growth over the 
next five years. By 2021, it is projected that annual retail marijuana sales in the United States could top 
$17 billion, which would represent a 300% increase from 2016. [3] 
 
This constitutes a significant market with a tremendous potential for growth considering that there is no 
credit card processor for the legal marijuana industry. 
 
 
 



7 

 

The GreenMed Token 

Purpose and usage 
The GreenMed token facilitates debit and credit card transactions between customers and dispensaries. 
When customers attempt to purchase legal marijuana through the GreenMed app they will be asked to 
input either their credit card information or their banking information. Customers will then need to 
authorize a transaction for an amount of GreenMed tokens equal to the current USD value of legal 
marijuana they are trying to purchase. The GreenMed token is then sold on exchanges for USD, which 
is then transferred to the merchant’s GreenMed account. The merchant can withdraw via an EFT to a 
bank account or using the GreenMed debit card. 
 

 
 
 



8 

Technical implementation  
The GreenMed token (GRMD) is implemented as an ERC20-compatible token over the public Ethereum 
blockchain.  

Bringing cryptocurrency to the masses  
Cryptocurrency is still not widely understood. Most of the general public lacks an understanding of what 
it is and how it works. GreenMed makes it simple for a non-technical person to understand 
cryptocurrency transactions. 
Basically, when a dispensary customer purchases with their credit or debit card legal marijuana through 
the GreenMed app, the consumer would actually be using a cryptocurrency to facilitate that transaction.  
Upon check-out, the app triggers a GreenMed tokens purchase in an amount equivalent to the purchase 
in dollars, based on the current exchange rate. The tokens are then placed in the merchant’s GreenMed 
token wallet. In order to provide US dollars to the merchant, the tokens are sold on the exchanges and 
the dollars sent to the merchant’s elected form of pay-out collection. 
 
While most users see cryptocurrency as an instrument of speculation, users are still unaware that 
cryptocurrency is being used every single day for transactions such as an online purchases. GreenMed's 
goal is to make the GreenMed token the number one crypto token used in daily day-to-day transactions. 

Liquidity and volatility  
A percentage of the GreenMed tokens kept by GreenMed will be used to provide liquidity for the 
platform. GreenMed will use its token reserves to facilitate transactions between customers and 
dispensaries.  
 
Volatility will not be an issue for any dispensary due to coins being sold immediately after purchase and 
converted to fiat on exchanges. Merchants will receive payments entirely in USD, ensuring that price 
fluctuations will not affect their payouts. 
 
Once the supply of GreenMed tokens set aside for transactions is depleted, the platform will be 
purchasing GreenMed tokens on exchanges to facilitate the transactions. These tokens will then be sold 
to pay the merchant in USD. 

The GreenMed Ecosystem 

Dispensaries  
GreenMed will be partnering with legal marijuana dispensaries to provide debit and credit card payment 
options as well as EFT to their customers. GreenMed will start developing partnerships with with legal 
marijuana dispensaries located in California and Colorado before expanding to the rest of the US and 
Canadian market. 



9 

We firmly believe that due to a high demand in electronic payments for the legal marijuana industry, and 
being the first to market will provide GreenMed with a strong competitive advantage and significant 
room for growth.  

Customers 
Customers in the legal marijuana sector have been demanding an easier and more convenient way to 
pay than cash. In 2017 a majority of people carry either no cash or less than $50 [4].  
Giving customers the option to purchase their legal marijuana with a debit or credit card encourages 
more sales due to convenience. This will increase sales for the dispensaries and provide more 
convenience for clients. 

GreenMed  
The GreenMed ecosystem will help connect dispensaries to consumers by showing users which 
dispensaries accept debit cards, credit cards, and EFT. This will lead to more sales for the dispensaries 
who partnered with GreenMed, more exposure through the app and increased revenue. Customers 
who were either delaying a trip to the ATM or who do not have cash available will now be able to make 
purchases using the GreenMed app and all classic forms of electronic payments.  
 
The GreenMed platform and application will have a multitude of features making it the most powerful 
cryptocurrency application for the legal marijuana industry. The GreenMed platform will allow users to 
search for dispensaries that accept electronic payments through the GreenMed app. Users will then be 
able to look through those dispensaries inventory within the app and place orders for pick-up or 
delivery in discreet packaging, providing convenience, privacy and ease of mind. If the user would rather 
pick up their medical marijuana in person, they will also have the option to pay through the GreenMed 
app at the dispensary.  
  



10 

The GreenMed App 

Focused on user experience 
Unlike the other marijuana based cryptocurrencies, GreenMed will be making it intuitive and simple for 
both customers and dispensaries to process transactions. The dispensaries will be able to list all of their 
inventory through the app, have their business location appear on our GreenMed application map, and 
accept debit cards, credit cards, and EFT from any client. 
 

Legal marijuana delivery 
Through the GreenMed app, Users will be able to order legal marijuana from the comfort of their own 
home using a debit card, a credit card, or a bank account. Customers will use the App to look through 
the selection of dispensaries and legal marijuana products. The ordered marijuana will then be delivered 
right to their front door by one of our professional hired delivery personnel. A delivery fee will be 
added with this type of transactions, as well as a tipping option. 
 

Features 
ü Map of all dispensaries accepting payment through GreenMed 

ü List of the dispensaries menus, including first time customer specials and other promo codes 

ü Full transaction history and reporting in the Merchant app.  

ü Accept debit cards, credit card, and EFT payments 

ü Electronic payments using GreenMed tokens 

ü Legal marijuana delivery service using the app 

ü Live delivery tracking using GPS technology 

ü Real time order pick-up and delivery updates using push notifications 

ü Customer service in-app chat capabilities 

 
  



11 

Screenshots 

                         
 
 
 

                       



12 

                 

 

Competitive Analysis 
 
CannabisCoin and PotCoin are the other significant coins attempting to bring electronic payments to 
the legal marijuana sector. 
 
However, Cannabiscoin and Potcoin are regular bitcoin based currencies. Their app allows customers to 
make token transfers from the customer's wallet to the dispensary. In order to purchase Cannabiscoin 
or Potcoin customers will need to go on an exchange. Similarly, merchants will need to sell the tokens 
manually outside of the Cannabiscoin or Potcoin app to get USD back, making the whole process 
awkward and cumbersome. This is where the main difference with GreenMed lies. 
GreenMed allows Customers to purchase not only using crypto tokens, but also using their debit card, 
credit card, or EFT. The GreenMed token is only used to facilitate the transaction. 
Also, GreenMed is a one stop shop application that will enable users to search for dispensaries and 
order legal marijuana right from the app. The GreenMed app will provide users with the same payment 
experience they are used to when using other apps or website with classic payment methods such as 
debit or credit cards. 
 

  



13 

Roadmap 
 
 

 

Token Issuance 
 
 
The presale and token crowdsale will last for a total of eight weeks. 69 million tokens will be offered 
during the crowdsale, with 1 million token reserved for bounties, and 30 m token reserved for the dev 
team and the application. 
 

 
The token crowdsale will be structured in this way: 
 

Currencies Accepted: ETH & BTC 
 
100,000,000 total tokens 

• 30% retained by the GreenMed team 
• 69% distributed to public 
• 1% for bounties 
• All unsold tokens will be burned 

Token exchange rate: 1 GRMD = $0.20 
 
Bonus Example: If you contribute $2000, you will get 10,000 GRMD + 40 % Bonus. So you 
will end up owning 14,000 GRMD. 

 
 
The public sale ends on October 30th. 



14 

Founding Team 

 
David Dahan 

CEO, CO-FOUNDER 
 

With a Law Degree from the University of Paris La Sorbonne and a Computer Science degree. David 
did extensive work in the Financial industry, leading the development of Stock Market Risk Analysis 

trading platforms. Prior to that, David worked on an innovative credit card processing SAAS acquired by 
Google and integrated as the Google Wallet. 

 
 
 

 
Bram Kornfeld 

CMO, CO-FOUNDER 
 

Early Crypto Investor and Successful E-Marketing Professional. Bram has extensive experience in 
building strong communication campaigns for the Crypto Currency market. Expert in Social Media 

Marketing. 
 
 
 

 
Harold Hababou 

CTO, CO-FOUNDER 
 

With a Master’s Degree in Engineering from ISIMA (France) and 15 years experience as a developer, 
expert R&D and Project Manager, Harold worked for Orange (Innovation Marketing Department), 

Murex, Nissan, Michelin, GRDF... He designed an Ad Server which has been acquired by Mobile 
Network Group. 



15 

References 
 
 
[1] Forbes, February 22nd 2017 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/debraborchardt/2017/02/22/marijuana-industry-projected-to-create-more-
jobs-than-manufacturing-by-2020/#235b87d83fa9 
 
[2] LA Times, July 11th 2017 
http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-pot-shops-20160711-snap-story.html 
 
[3] Marijuana Business Factbook 2017  
https://mjbizdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/Factbook2017ExecutiveSummary.pdf 
 
[4] BankRate.com  
http://www.bankrate.com/finance/consumer-index/financial-security-index-cashs-cachet.aspx  
 
 
Other links: 
https://www.wired.com/2015/03/five-charts-explain-colorados-first-year-recreational-weed/ 
 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/debraborchardt/2017/02/22/marijuana-industry-projected-to-create-more-
jobs-than-manufacturing-by-2020/#235b87d83fa9  
 
 


