

















































A decentralised payment network and stablecoin

v0.7

Samuel Brooks, Anton Jurisevic, Michael Spain, Kain Warwick

Abstract

There is currently no effective decentralised medium of exchange. We pro-
pose a decentralised peer-to-peer payment network that does not rely on
a central authority to maintain trust and enables a price-stable token
for value transfer. Prior to Bitcoin, attempts to create digital currencies
were centralised, making them vulnerable to censorship and seizure. Bit-
coin’s distributed consensus mechanism protected it from interference, but
its fixed monetary policy fostered extreme volatility. Havven solves these
problems by issuing a price-stabilised token against a distributed collat-
eral pool which derives its value from the utility of the system. Fees are
levied on transactions, and they are dispersed proportionally among col-
lateral holders. Growth in transaction volume thus increases the value of
the collateral, which allows the stable token supply to expand to meet
demand. The resulting token retains the best features of Bitcoin, while
the introduction of price stability enables the payment network to be used
for everyday economic purposes.

15:59, February 7, 2018

1



Contents

1 Introduction 3
1.1 Payment Networks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3
1.2 Cryptocurrency . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3
1.3 Stablecoins . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
1.4 Distributed Collateral . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
1.5 Havven . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5

2 System Description 6
2.1 Equilibrium Nomin Price . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
2.2 Issuance and Collateralisation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
2.3 Transaction Fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10

2.3.1 Fees Received by Havven Holders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
2.3.2 Nomin Transaction Fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
2.3.3 Base Fee Rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11

2.4 Collateralisation Ratio . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
2.4.1 Optimal Collateralisation Ratio . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
2.4.2 Maximum Collateralisation Ratio . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

2.5 Nomin Demand and Havven Value . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
2.6 Issuance Case Study . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
2.7 Fee Evasion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18

3 System Analysis 19
3.1 Agent-Based Modelling . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
3.2 Expected Market Players . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20

2



1 Introduction

1.1 Payment Networks

Payment networks are closed systems within which users can transfer value.
Such systems include credit card networks, the SWIFT network, and PayPal.
Proprietors of these networks possess absolute control over the value within the
network, so any transaction conducted within them may be blocked or reversed
at any time. Although this is ostensibly designed to protect users, it introduces
systemic risk for all participants. If the network is compromised or its owners
cease to behave benevolently, no party can trust that the value in their account
is secure or accessible.

In a traditional payment network like American Express, participants trust that
the fees charged are sufficient to service the expenses incurred. However, were
this trust to disappear, merchants would refuse to participate. Thus, the value of
the unit of account within this network is derived solely from a single entity and
the trust that participants have in that entity. As a result, the viability of any
centralised payment network depends on complete trust in a central authority.

Bitcoin solved these problems by ensuring that users have sole discretion over the
money in their account by producing a trustless, permissionless payment network
in which anyone could participate at will. Since users could enter and exit the
system at any time without being exposed to the aforementioned risks, adoption
was accelerated, and network effects were amplified. Programmable blockchains
allow the logic of a payment network to be decentralised in a transparent way.
Anyone can verify whether the network is solvent, reducing the systemic risk
associated with centralised networks.

1.2 Cryptocurrency

The technology of money has three key functions: to act as a unit of account, a
medium of exchange and a store of value. As payment technology has advanced
in recent years, money has become increasingly invisible and it is often lost
upon its users that, like any technology, it can be improved. Bitcoin and other
cryptocurrencies represent an impressive technological advancement on existing
forms of money because they deliver improved durability, portability, and di-
visibility. Further, they do so without requiring centralised control or sovereign
enforcement from which to derive their value. Their fixed monetary policies have
protected them from debasement and devaluation, allowing them to outperform
other forms of money as a store of value. However, this has created the potential
for short-run volatility as they lack mechanisms to dynamically adjust supply to
changing demand. Bitcoin has thus tended to be a poor medium of exchange and
an even worse unit of account. In order for a token to perform these functions
its purchasing power must remain relatively stable against the price of goods
and services over the short to medium term.

3



1.3 Stablecoins

Cryptocurrencies exhibit transaction immutability and censorship resistance, and
in these ways are a better form of money; but their adoption has been hindered
by the volatility inherent in their static monetary policies. Users cannot engage
with such systems as a medium of exchange if the purchasing power fluctuates.
Stability continues to be one of the most valuable yet elusive characteristics for
the technology.

Stablecoins are cryptocurrencies designed for price stability. They should ideally
be as effective at making payments as fiat currencies like the US Dollar, while
retaining their other desirable properties. A decentralised payment network built
on a stablecoin would be able to capture all the benefits of a permissionless sys-
tem, while also eliminating volatility. One approach to achieving price stability
is to produce a token whose price targets the value of a fiat currency. Targeting
stability against fiat currencies obviates the need to respond to macroeconomic
conditions, as the token then benefits from the stabilisation efforts of large insti-
tutions acting in fiat markets. Furthermore, if a token’s price can be maintained
at $1, then it can serve as an interface between fiat money and cryptocurrency.
If such a stablecoin does not require an account in a traditional bank, then it
can be effectively used for settlement and purchasing, without the centralisation
and counterparty risk involved in fiat transactions. Thus it can be expected that
by using stablecoins, exchanges that trade fiat for crypto will be able to rapidly
reduce their transactional costs, reducing the barriers for new users to enter the
market.

1.4 Distributed Collateral

Today’s fiat money is not backed by an asset; its stability is derived from the
authority of the governments which issue it. These governments require that tax
obligations are denominated in the currencies they control, which are then used
to fund active stabilisation efforts. However, with government control comes the
risk of tyranny and debasement. Decentralised monetary systems don’t have
these powers, and so they must use collateral to provide confidence in the value
of their tokens. A decentralised system cannot use collateral assets that exist
outside the blockchain, as interfacing with these assets necessitates centralisation
with the aforementioned failure modes. Meanwhile, cryptoasset prices have been
dominated by speculative volatility. So whether a system uses real-world assets
or cryptoassets to back a stable token, if the value of the collateral is uncorrelated
with the demand for the token, then the system is vulnerable to external price
shocks. Large corrections can destroy the value of collateral without any change
in the demand for the token issued against it. Clearly then, in designing an
asset-backed stablecoin it is important to select the collateral asset carefully, but
no existing asset perfectly serves the purpose.

4



1.5 Havven

Havven is a decentralised payment network where users transact directly in a
price-stable cryptocurrency. Those who use the stablecoin pay fees to those who
collateralise the network, compensating them for the risks of providing collat-
eral and stability. Collateral providers control the money supply, and fees are
distributed in proportion with each individual’s stabilisation performance. Thus,
Havven rewards suppliers of stability and charges those who demand it.

Havven implements two linked tokens to achieve this structure:

Nomin

The stablecoin, whose supply floats. Its price as measured in fiat currency should
be stable. This token is useful insofar as it provides a superior medium of
exchange. Thus in addition to price stability, Havven should encourage adequate
nomin liquidity.

Havven

This token provides the collateral for the system and has a static supply. Its mar-
ket capitalisation reflects the system’s aggregate value. Ownership of havvens
grants the right to issue a value of nomins proportional to the dollar value of
havvens placed into escrow. If a user wishes to release their escrowed havvens,
they must first present the system with the quantity of nomins previously issued 1.

The havven token is a novel decentralised asset, whose intrinsic value is derived
from the fees generated in the network it collateralises. This enables a form of
representative money in which there is no requirement for a physical asset, thus
removing the problems of trust and custodianship. Issuance of nomins requires a
greater value of havvens to be escrowed in the system, providing confidence that
nomins can be redeemed for their face value even if the price of havvens falls.
The system incentivises the issuance and destruction of nomins in response to
changes in demand, but ultimately the intrinsic value of the havvens will reflect
the required nomin supply. Backing a stablecoin in this way provides full trans-
parency over how many tokens have been issued against the available collateral.
This provides a solid basis for confidence in the solvency of the payment network
built upon it.

Denominating the value of the nomin in an external fiat currency means that
stability is relative only to that currency. Initially this currency will be the
US dollar, but in the future the system may support additional flavours of
stablecoin that are denominated in other currencies. The interested reader can
find additional discussion of payment networks, stablecoins, and cryptoeconomics
at http://blog.havven.io.

1Following Bitcoin, the Havven system will appear in uppercase and singular; while the
havven token will be lowercase and may be plural.

5



2 System Description

Havven is a dual-token system that, combined with a set of novel incentive
mechanisms, stabilises the price of the nomin with respect to an external asset.
Users of the nomin token pay the owners of the havven token for collateralising
and stabilising the system.

The havven token incentivises those who hold it to fulfil two functions:

· To provide the system with collateral.

· To participate in the stabilisation of the nomin price.

Collateralisation

Confidence in the stability of the nomin begins with overcollateralisation, so
that the value of escrowed havvens is greater than the value of nomins in circu-
lation. As long as the ratio of total nomin value to total havven value remains
favourable, there is sufficient backing in the underlying collateral pool to ensure
that nomins can be redeemed for their face value. The redeemability of a nomin
for the havvens against which it was issued strongly supports a stable price.

Stabilisation Incentives

Havven rewards those that have issued nomins. These rewards are derived from
transaction fees and are distributed in proportion with how well each issuer
maintains the correct nomin supply. The system monitors the nomin price, and
responds by adjusting its targeted global supply, which individual issuers are
incentivised to move towards.

Where volatility persists, stronger stabilisation mechanisms may be applied, for
example automated collateral recovery. Where a significant portion of nomins
are being used for hedging, (and hence not generating transaction fees) a charge
can be applied to ensure that the cost of utility for hedging is not being solely
borne by transactions.

6



2.1 Equilibrium Nomin Price

We first introduce the core system variables:

H havven quantity N nomin quantity

Ph havven price Pn nomin price

All havven tokens are created at initialisation, so H is constant. The quantity of
nomins floats, responding to the issuance actions of havven holders. The Havven
system needs to incentivise issuers to maintain N such that the nomin price Pn,
is stable at $1. As we proceed, we may subscript variables with t to indicate
the value of that variable at a given time. Any variable lacking such a subscript
indicates the value of the quantity it represents at the current time.

In Havven, the measure of the value of nomins against the value of havvens is
called the collateralisation ratio:

C =
Pn ·N
Ph ·H

(1)

From the law of supply and demand, there exists some supply of nomins Nopt,
where the related level of demand yields an equilibrium price of $1. This quan-
tity is associated with an optimal collateralisation ratio Copt. We visualise this
equilibrium below with a hypothetical demand and supply curve.

Pn

N

S D

$1

Nopt = Copt · Ph ·H

The system is unable to influence the demand for nomins. We assume that some
level of demand exists given the utility of nomins as a stable cryptocurrency.

7



Although demand cannot be manipulated, the supply of nomins is controlled by
havven holders, whose issuance incentives are in turn controlled by the system.
It follows that as we require a fixed price Pn = $1 and are unable to control
either Ph or H, we must manipulate Copt such that N = Nopt in order to satisfy
our requirement.

2.2 Issuance and Collateralisation

Havven’s goal is to remain overcollateralised. In order to do so, the system defines
a collateralisation target:

0 < Copt < 1 (2)

It is necessary at this point to distinguish, for an account i, between the nomins
it contains Ni (equity) and the nomins it has issued Ňi (debt). Note that globally,∑
iNi =

∑
i Ňi, as all nomins were issued by some account. However, a given

account may have a balance different from its issuance debt. Hence we can define
the collateralisation ratio for an individual account i in terms of its issuance
debt:

Ci =
Pn · Ňi
Ph ·Hi

(3)

The system provides incentives for individual issuers to bring their Ci closer to
Copt while maintaining Copt itself at a level that stabilises the price.

Nomin Issuance

The nomin issuance mechanism allows Havven to reach its collateralisation target.
Issuing nomins escrows some quantity of havvens, which cannot be moved until
they are unescrowed. The quantity of havvens Ȟi locked in generating Ňi nomins
is:

Ȟi =
Pn · Ňi
Ph · Cmax

(4)

Under equilibrium conditions, there is some Ȟi ≤ Hi when Ci coincides with
Copt, which the issuer is incentivised to target. These incentives are provided
in the form of transaction fees, discussed in section 2.4. It is important to note
that the issuer may voluntarily increase their Ci up to the limit of Cmax; for
example if they anticipate a positive movement in Copt.

On the other hand, an issuer may not issue a quantity of nomins that would
lock more than Hi havvens. Consequently, Ci may never exceed Cmax, except by
price fluctuations, and in such circumstances, issuers are rewarded for bringing
Ci back under Cmax.

8



After generating the nomins, the system places a limit sell order with a price of
$1 on a decentralised exchange. This means that the nomins will be sold at the
current market price, down to a minimum price of $1. If we assume implemen-
tation on Ethereum, then the nomins are sold for an equivalent value in ether,
with the proceeds of the sale remitted to the issuer.

Nomin Destruction

In order to access the havvens that have been escrowed, the system must destroy
the same number of nomins that were originally issued. When the issuer indicates
the intention to retrieve their havvens, the system places a limit buy order on
a decentralised exchange, up to a maximum price of $1. The system places this
order on behalf of the issuer and upon completion, the nomins are immediately
destroyed.

9



2.3 Transaction Fees

Havven needs a direct incentive mechanism that can correct the global collater-
alisation ratio, C, in response to changes in the price of havvens or nomins. In
order to target the correct price, the system adjusts the fees it pays to havven
holders as according to their effectiveness in stabilising the price.

2.3.1 Fees Received by Havven Holders

The fee rate paid to a havven holder that has escrowed is αr. The actual fee
they receive is Hi · αr, being proportional with their havven balance. This rate
changes with respect to their unique collateralisation ratio, Ci. It increases lin-
early to a maximum αbase at the optimal collateralisation ratio Copt, before
quickly diminishing as Ci approaches the maximum collateralisation ratio Cmax.

This function is designed to encourage havven holders to constantly target the
optimal collateralisation ratio, by rewarding them with greater fees if they bring
their Ci into alignment with Copt.

αr,i = αbase · Fi(Ci, Copt, Cmax) (5)

Fi(Ci, Copt, Cmax) =


Ci
Copt

when Ci ≤ Copt

Cmax−Ci
Cmax−Copt when Copt < Ci ≤ Cmax

0 otherwise

(6)

αr

Ci

αbase

Copt Cmax

10



2.3.2 Nomin Transaction Fees

Every time a nomin transaction occurs, the Havven system charges a small
transaction fee. Transaction fees allow the system to generate revenue, which it
can distribute to havven holders as an incentive to maintain nomin supply at
Nopt.

The fee rate charged on nomin transactions is αc. It is constant and will be
sufficiently small that it provides little to no friction for the user. We may then
express the total fees collected in the last period, F , as a function of the velocity
of nomins v and the total nomin supply N :

F = v · αc ·N (7)

2.3.3 Base Fee Rate

Let us define the total fees paid to havven holders Fr:

Fr =
∑
i

Hi · αr,i (8)

Havven requires that the total fees collected from users has to be equal to the
total amount of fees paid to the havven holders, so that Fr = F . Substituting
our earlier definition (5) for αr,i and solving for αbase:

αbase =
F∑

iHi · Fi(Ci, Copt, Cmax)
(9)

We have now defined the maximum fee rate, αbase, in terms of the fees collected,
F . This rate should be achieved when an individual’s Ci is at Copt.

The definition of Copt must therefore provide the following incentive. If Pn > $1
then the system must encourage more nomins to be issued. However, if Pn < $1,
the system must encourage nomins to be burned.

11



2.4 Collateralisation Ratio

2.4.1 Optimal Collateralisation Ratio

The optimal collateralisation ratio Copt is a target for havven holders to reach
in order to maximise the amount of fees they receive. Copt is defined in terms
of the nomin price Pn, such that its value directly tracks changes in the nomin
price; a havven holder wishing to maximise their fees will target Copt by issuing
or destroying nomins.

The function for Copt given below provides our dynamic target for havven holders
based on the price of nomins:

Copt = f(Pn) · C
f(Pn) = max(σ · (Pn − 1)φ + 1, 0)

σ price sensitivity parameter (σ > 0)

φ flattening parameter (φ ∈ N, φ - 2)

(10)

1

1

Pn

f(Pn)

When Pn is at $1, Copt = C and there is no incentive given to move away from
the current global collateralisation level. However, if Pn < $1, then Copt < C,
incentivising issuers to burn nomins, thereby raising the price. The Pn > $1 case
is symmetric. Notice that when the Pn is close to $1, f

′(Pn) is small. However,
the further it diverges from $1, the larger the slope becomes, providing a stronger
incentive, in the form of potential fees, for a havven holder to move toward Copt.

12



2.4.2 Maximum Collateralisation Ratio

Havven seeks to maintain C ≤ Copt < Cmax < 1, in order to retain sufficient
overcollateralisation. It might seem intuitive that Cmax should be a static value.
However, since Copt varies linearly with Pn and inversely with Ph, there are sit-
uations where Cmax may need to change. Below we define Cmax in terms of Copt.

Cmax = a · Copt
a ≥ 1

(11)

Copt

Cmax

The value of Cmax determines how overcollateralised each nomin is at issuance.
The higher its value, the more nomins can be generated for the same quantity of
havvens. In contrast, if Cmax is low, the system has a greater capacity to absorb
negative shocks in the havven price before it becomes undercollateralised. The
value of Cmax therefore represents a tradeoff between efficiency and resilience.
By defining Cmax as a function of Copt, Havven finds the optimal balance in
this dilemma. This ensures that like Copt, Cmax only changes as a consequence
of instability in the nomin price.

It should be noted that Cmax > 1 corresponds to a fractional reserve monetary
system, where a greater value of nomins can be issued against each havven. In
Havven, this situation is unsustainable because it would cause simultaneous
appreciation of havvens (up to at least the value of nomins issuable against a
havven) and depreciation of nomins, immediately diminishing C, Copt and Cmax,
bringing them back under 1.

13



2.5 Nomin Demand and Havven Value

Being freely-tradable ERC20 tokens, havvens will have a market price which,
like the nomin price, can be measured with an oracle. Initially, while nomin de-
mand is low, we will use a seven day rolling average of the market price for both
havvens and nomins. This rolling average is designed to smooth out fluctuations
in the market price and increase the cost of attacking the system.

However, once nomin transaction volume is sufficiently high, we may instead
consider internally estimating the value of a havven by the fees it is likely to
accrue in the future. This value, which implicitly measures nomin volume, would
allow issuance incentives to directly reflect changes in nomin demand. By using
this value instead of the havven market price, the system can avoid the influence
of speculation, since the permitted nomin supply would expand and contract in
line with how much nomins are actually being used.

While the system cannot perfectly determine future fee returns and hence nomin
demand, it is possible to estimate as a function of the transaction fees that the
system has recently generated. This computation is designed not to be vulnerable
to instantaneous volume spikes, while taking the most recent transaction volumes
to be the most highly-correlated with future volumes:

Vt =

t∑
t′=1

Ft−t′

(1 + r)t′
(12)

with

Vt the system’s valuation of a havven in period t

Ft the total fees collected in period t

r a falloff term

This can be computed efficiently, because Vt+1 =
Vt+Ft
r . Further, if it is assumed

that the average fee take is approximated by Ft, and t is large, then:

Vt ≈
∞∑
t′=1

Ft
(1 + r)t′

=
Ft
H · r

(13)

Consequently, 1r approximates the number of periods for a havven to yield a fee
return of Vt. A judicious choice of r can then yield a Vt which underestimates
the market price of havvens (which also incorporates, for example, capital gains),
while not unduly constraining nomin supply.

14



2.6 Issuance Case Study

Bob decides to purchase 100 havvens at $1 each. Consider the following initial
conditions:

Cmax = 0.5 Copt = 0.4 C = 0.4

Pn = 1 Ph = 1 Hi = 100

σ = 50 φ = 3 a = 1.25

The system is in price equilibrium, with the global collateralisation ratio C equal
to the optimal collateralisation ratio Copt. Initially, Bob’s wallet contains only
free havvens.

Bob wants to earn the maximum possible fees, so he issues nomins up to Copt.
The system generates 40 nomins and escrows 80 of his havvens, locking $80
worth of value in the system. The nomins are sold for $40 worth of ether and
the proceeds are transferred to Bob’s account.

Nomin Price Change This example shows how the system incentivises havven
holders to correct instability in the nomin price.

1. As a consequence of reduced demand in decentralised trading markets, the
nomin price Pn drops to $0.90. The system needs to incentivise havven
holders to reduce the supply of nomins so that the price returns to $1.00.

15



2. First, consider that both C and Bob’s Ci have decreased to 0.36. Since the
nomin price has changed, Copt is recalculated to 0.342, which is smaller
than both Ci and C. Consequently, Cmax also changes to 0.4275. This
increases the percentage of Bob’s havvens that are locked.

3. Bob now has a higher dollar value of locked havvens and his Ci > Copt.
This means that he is no longer receiving the maximum fee rate αbase. In
order to return to αbase he must lower his Ci back to Copt by burning some
nomins. He needs to work out how many to burn.

4. He should burn 2 nomins so that he has 38 total issued, which will cost
$1.80. When the system completes this process, his locked havvens will
reduce back to 80. In addition, his Ci is equal to Copt at 0.342, which
means he is once again receiving the maximum fee rate.

5. Bob has taken the correct actions to raise the low nomin price. By electing
to burn nomins, the system performed a limit buy order on his behalf,
putting upward pressure on the nomin price. As compensation for doing
so, he is rewarded with the optimal fee rate αbase.

16



Havven Price Change (Market Price) This example illustrates how the
system maintains the dollar value of the underlying collateral by adjusting the
quantity of a user’s escrowed havvens when the havven price changes. Consider
the same initial conditions as before:

Cmax = 0.5 Copt = 0.4 C = 0.4

Pn = 1 Ph = 1 Hi = 100

σ = 50 φ = 3 a = 1.25

1. Like before, Bob elects to issue up to Copt in order to maximise fees.

2. The havven price Ph drops to $0.90, which means the value of Bob’s wallet
has decreased to $90. Both C and Bob’s Ci have increased to 0.44. Since
the nomin price has not changed, the system does not need to incentivise
issuance or burning. This is reflected in the new value of Copt, which
changes to 0.44, matching C and Ci.

3. However, the system needs to escrow more of Bob’s havvens to maintain
the dollar value of the locked collateral. The system has now locked around
89% of Bob’s havvens, to maintain $80 of locked collateral.

17



2.7 Fee Evasion

Being based on Ethereum, Havven is potentially vulnerable to its tokens being
wrapped by another smart contract which takes deposits, and replicates all ex-
change functionality on redeemable IOU tokens it issues. These wrapped tokens
could then be exchanged without incurring fees. We consider this situation un-
likely for a number of reasons.

First, the fees are designed to be low enough that most users shouldn’t notice
them, so users will not in general be strongly motivated to switch to a marginal
and less trustworthy alternative.

Second, network effects are tremendously important for currencies; in order to
have utility a token must be accepted for exchange in the marketplace. This is
challenging enough in itself, but a wrapped token must do this to the extent
that it displaces its own perfect substitute: the token it wraps. In Havven’s case,
this would undermine its built-in stabilisation mechanisms, which become more
powerful with increased transaction volume. Consequently, as a wrapped nomin
parasitises more of the nomin market, it destroys the basis of its own utility,
which is that nomins themselves are stable.

Finally, it is unlikely that a token wrapper will be credible, not having been
publicly and expensively audited, while its primary function undermines the
trustworthiness of its authors.

Even as this may appear unlikely, it’s a simple matter to implement a democratic
remedy, weighted by havven balance, by which havven holders can freeze or con-
fiscate the balance of any contract that wraps assets. Those havven holders are
incentivised not to abuse this system for the same reason that bitcoin mining
pools do not form cartels to double-spend: because abuse of this power would
undermine the value of the system, and thus devalue their own holdings.

The credible threat of such a system existing is enough to discourage token
wrappers from being used, even if they are written, since any user who does so
risks losing their entire wrapped balance.

18



3 System Analysis

While, the simplicity of the Havven mechanism makes it feel intuitively viable, we
take the view that falsification is vital in validating a proposed cryptoeconomic
system. The more resilient a given system is to hypothetical attacks, the more
trust can be put in its viability.

Ultimately this must done empirically, but it is also important to model Havven
extensively before launch. Therefore in our quantitative analysis we seek above
all to identify its failure modes, and also to characterise its stability under a
range of conditions.

In our quantitative analysis, we take three distinct approaches in modelling the
system:

Analytical

By expressing our system in the language of game theory and microeco-
nomics, we seek to gain insight into Havven’s incentive structure and the
resulting price equilibria. Examining the problem from this direction can
lead us to concise and mathematically robust conclusions.

Simulationist

We implement a broad range of strategies as AI agents, and examine
how the market responds under different initial conditions, with different
constituent populations, and in response to external shocks. This approach
allows us to examine situations which are analytically intractable.

Empirical

The initial release of the Havven system utilising ether-backed nomins
will be invaluable in testing our assumptions. Observation of real market
behaviour will allow us to better understand how the it responds in differ-
ent situations, and therefore how to choose appropriate values for system
variables.

The results of these investigations will be published as they are completed.

3.1 Agent-Based Modelling

It has been observed that analytic methods are often difficult to apply in the
complex and dynamic setting of a market. One suggested solution to this prob-
lem is agent-based modelling. Under this paradigm, we proceed by first defining
rational agent behaviour and then simulating the interplay of those strategies
over time. We seek to develop a more effective method of characterising market
behaviour and equilibrium prices than pure analytic reasoning.

Such simulations also provide an immediate means of measuring quantities of
interest. Simply by observing the model, we can discover how varying input

19



parameters affect system outputs in an experimental fashion. One important
corollary is that this is a way of extracting reasonable settings for system pa-
rameters (such as fee levels) that might be difficult to reason about a priori.
These systems, reactive as they are, also provide a method for testing proposed
remedies for any identified failure modes, and are a platform to simulate the
conclusions of any antecedent game-theoretic reasoning.

3.2 Expected Market Players

Here we outline some of the players anticipated in the market. These represent
only some of the agents that our modelling and simulations are predicated upon.

Havven Holders

A havven holder provides the collateral and liquidity for the system. It
is assumed that havven holders primarily seek fee revenues, and escrow
most of their havvens, adjusting their issuance to track Havven’s moving
fee incentives. While these incentives make sense if havvens are relatively
stable in the long term, Havven will also provide incentives for correcting
the nomin price in in the short term. Returns for these actors are primarily
realised in fees, seignorage, and the appreciation of havvens resulting from
their constrained supply.

Nomin Users

These are the market participants who will make up the base demand for
any stablecoin, chasing its superior utility as a medium of exchange or as
as means of hedging against other forms of value. The users of nomins may
include merchants, consumers, service providers, cryptocurrency market
actors such as exchanges.

The transaction volume these users provide is necessary for fees to ex-
ist. They may be disincentivised from using the system in low liquidity
situations or with excessive volatility in the price of nomins.

Speculators

Speculators may tend to magnify price corrections, and are a significant
vector by which to introduce exogenous shocks to the system. In our
modelling we induce volatility by simulating modes of interest such as
large capital flows in response to breaking news and the like.

Speculators also produce an important stabilisation force. When the mar-
ket believes that the price is being stabilised, upward price shifts induce
sell pressure, and downward price shifts induce buy pressure. This strategy
is profitable on the assumption that the price will return to the equilibrium
point. This neutral stabilisation force is a self-sustaining negative feedback
loop which operates independently of other incentives; preliminary simu-
lations and observations of other systems have verified the efficacy of this
corrective pressure.

20



Buyer of Last Resort

While the system is designed to work without intervention, the Havven
foundation will have capital reserves with which to intervene in the market
to stabilise nomin prices in extreme situations.

The advantage that such a market participant confers, given that a very
large market entity is willing to underwrite the stability of the coin, is that
profit strategies predicated upon the stability of the token become less
risky and so more feasible. As a result, any such presence, even if it rarely
intervenes in the market, enhances the aforementioned neutral stabilisation
force. In our modelling, the Havven foundation in this capacity takes on
the role of providing confidence.

Modelling results will inform the need of such an actor in the ecosystem.

Arbitrageurs and Market Makers

The arbitrage force allows us to assume that the havven/nomin, havven/fiat,
nomin/fiat prices are properly in alignment or will soon become aligned.
Market-making activities allow us in our modelling to neglect the bid/ask
spread, and situations where there is insufficient liquidity for players to
transact.

Please visit http://research.havven.io for an alpha version of our model,
and http://blog.havven.io for further discussion of stablecoins and cryptoe-
conomics.

21

http://research.havven.io
http://blog.havven.io

	Introduction
	Payment Networks
	Cryptocurrency
	Stablecoins
	Distributed Collateral
	Havven

	System Description
	Equilibrium Nomin Price
	Issuance and Collateralisation
	Transaction Fees
	Fees Received by Havven Holders
	Nomin Transaction Fees
	Base Fee Rate

	Collateralisation Ratio
	Optimal Collateralisation Ratio
	Maximum Collateralisation Ratio

	Nomin Demand and Havven Value
	Issuance Case Study
	Fee Evasion

	System Analysis
	Agent-Based Modelling
	Expected Market Players


