






































Microsoft Word - Healthureum White Paper Draft Srini 31-01-18


 
 
 

Page 1 of 42 
  



 
 
 

Page 2 of 42 
 

 

Abstract 
Evolution is natural, progressive and necessary for the development and 
enhancement of any human, industry, business or technology. So why are we so 
slow to adapt?  

The above statement applies to almost all industries; however, we are going to focus 
more specifically on the healthcare industry. According to Deloitte’s Global Outlook 
for 2017, health care spending increases shall range between 2.4% and 7.5% 
between 2015 to 2020. Primarily, this is due to ‘infrastructure issues, making it 
increasingly difficult for public health care systems to sustain current levels of service 
and affordability’. This really is no surprise, particularly when we consider ‘the 
affordability’ aspect. Healthcare is possibly the single biggest expense families 
experience in terms of health insurance, ongoing treatments, emergency cases and 
experimental programs. Hence, when families and patients do invest in their 
healthcare, at least they should feel confident in their decision. This is not always 
the case.  

The level of disparity witnessed across healthcare services and providers is the stem 
cause of this. With variations in care quality, access to specialist practitioners, and 
requirements for treatment programs, naturally this causes doubt and concern 
among patients who are just desperate to recover and willing to pay anything they 
can afford. Desperation should not be taken advantage of, by healthcare institutions, 
specialists or insurance providers. In an effort to overcome this major weakness in 
the industry, we must consider new alternatives to aid the way we make our 
healthcare decisions. 

Blockchain technology may be the answer to this concern. Using blockchain 
technology, we can eliminate the potential risks of data mismanagement, access 
limitations, delays in prognosis and human manipulation. Over the course of this 
white paper we will consider how the adoption of such revolutionary technology can 
enhance transparency, security and accountability in the way our healthcare in 
managed.  

Healthureum aims to address such concerns through the development of its 
transparent platform which caters to the needs to all those involved at each step of 
the process, in healthcare management. By considering the challenges from each 
users’ perspective, Healthureum hopes to eradicate as many variables possible to 
ensure consistency, transparency and affordability of healthcare services. 

 

 

 



 
 
 

Page 3 of 42 
 

 

 

 

Table of Contents 
Abstract .................................................................................................................................. 2 

Introduction ............................................................................................................................ 5 

Global Healthcare Industry ........................................................................................................ 6 

The Core Focus ....................................................................................................................... 7 

Challenges Ahead ................................................................................................................. 9 

Response from the Industry ................................................................................................. 10 

Adopting Blockchain in Healthcare ............................................................................................ 10 

Use Cases........................................................................................................................... 12 

The Problems Being Addressed ................................................................................................. 14 

Key Areas of Concern........................................................................................................... 15 

The Resolution ....................................................................................................................... 17 

Data Systemization .............................................................................................................. 18 

Doctor Consults & Referrals .................................................................................................. 21 

Doctor Consolation ........................................................................................................... 21 

Referral .......................................................................................................................... 22 

Diagnostics ..................................................................................................................... 23 

Medical Infrastructure .......................................................................................................... 25 

Research Programs .............................................................................................................. 27 

Philanthropist Activities ........................................................................................................ 28 

Road Map .............................................................................................................................. 31 

Cost Allocation ........................................................................................................................ 33 

Token Structure ...................................................................................................................... 33 

Features ............................................................................................................................. 34 

Token Distribution ............................................................................................................... 36 

Purchaser Benefits .................................................................................................................. 38 

Bonus Program ................................................................................................................... 38 

Long Term Strategy ............................................................................................................. 39 

The Scope of Work ................................................................................................................. 39 

Value Benefit to Society ....................................................................................................... 39 

Conclusion ............................................................................................................................. 39 

Disclaimer .............................................................................................................................. 40 

References ............................................................................................................................. 40 

TAKE CARE OF YOUR BODY. 
YOU ONLY GET ONE! 



 
 
 

Page 4 of 42 
 

Explanatory Terms 

TGE – Token Generation Event is an event which allows for a decentralized method 
of funding, where tokens are sold to raise funding for a project or business concept. 

Blockchain – Refers to a new technology which acts as a digital ledger of 
transactions which is decentralized, meaning its data is distributed across a network 
of devices, secured using cryptography. Each record on the network is chronological 
and confirmed through network consensus. It cannot be altered, thus making it 
secure and tamper proof. 

Smart Contract – A computer protocol which facilitates a transaction between 
parties through pre-defined terms which are locked into the digital contract. The 
terms of the contract are self-executing and cannot be manipulated or interfered 
with. 

Permissionless Blockchain – Is a network which is open for anyone to join, and 
get rewarded with tokens for verifying transactions. 

Permissioned Blockchain – Is a network that required you to be added by the 
administrator, and transactions are verified usually through voting which may or may 
not be rewarded with tokens. 

Keys – Refer to the addresses used when validating and securing transactions. 
Public keys allow you to view only but private keys allow you verify ownership. 

Ethereum – An open source, blockchain based distributed computing platform that 
facilitates the deployment of Smart Contracts and DApps to be built on the system 
with no downtime, or external influence. 

Interoperability – Refers to a computer systems ability to interact, exchange and 
make use of data with other systems across a wide area network, in a seamless 
manner. It enables unrestricted sharing of resources between different systems. 

Who – World Health Organization directs international health within the United 
Nations’ system. 

EHR – Electronic Health Record refers to a digitalized version of a patient’s medical 
chart. 

METI – Ministry of Economy Trade and Industry 

HIE – Health Information Exchange is an organization that facilitates the electronic 
exchange of health-related information. 

HIPAA - Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, is legislation 
that safeguards the integrity of medical data in the US, with regards to privacy and 
security. 

 



 
 
 

Page 5 of 42 
 

 

 

Introduction 
Innovation is evident in the health care industry in the form of robotic surgery, 
artificial intelligence, 3D printing and other technology enabled devices to improve 
speed and accuracy. The industry and its practitioners have had a positive response 
by and large to technology enabled services. So why should the adoption of 
blockchain technology be any different? 

Blockchain may be the most efficient means of bridging the gap between private and 
public health care. With huge disparities in the quality of care, availability of 
infrastructure and expertise, blockchain technology has the ability to mitigate such 
issues. Due to its decentralized nature, blockchain technology can ensure that data 
is stored securely in chronological order, in a network stored on millions of devices. 
The data is secured through cryptography and tamper proof, ensuring complete 
immutability. This method of recording and storing data can apply to almost any 
process of the health care system, from patient records, billing, treatment plans and 
diagnosis. The most important aspect of this technology is that every action is 
tracked with a date stamp which ensures reliability and accountability. This creates 
an opportunity to achieve standardization in health care levels by providing better 
access to data, services and expertise, through a decentralized platform. This move 
towards more scalable and efficient operating models can significantly improve the 
quality of healthcare and recovery timeframes, while reducing waste, costs and 
resources required. Through standardization, collaboration and a decentralized 
ecosystem, blockchain technology can facilitate a more robust care system with 
competent care givers delivering safe, responsive and efficient care. 

 

 

 



 
 
 

Page 6 of 42 
 

Global Healthcare Industry 
The task of funding and providing adequate health care on a global scale, has long 
been a challenge for stakeholders, providers and payers. A recent study by Deloitte 
revealed that by 2020 global health care expenditure is estimated to reach $8.7 
trillion, compared with $7 trillion in 2015, and increase to 10.5% as a percentage of 
GDP. Contributing factors include an aging pollution, chronic diseases such as 
obesity and diabetes, and a rise in the number of cases of dementia and HIV-AIDs. 
The study found that life expectancy is expected to increase by one year by 2020, 
but the natural progression of aging brings with it challenges. A staggering $4 trillion 
is estimated to be spent on cancer, cardiovascular and respiratory diseases with 
obesity on the rise due to poor eating habits and sedentary lifestyles. India and 
China will be among the highest sufferers of diabetes globally where 69 million and 
110 million cases are projected. The most overwhelming discovery is the growing 
rate of dementia, which is anticipated to double every 20 years resulting in 74.7 
million cases by 2030. {9} 

   

Source: World Industry Outlook, Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals, The economic Intelligence Unit, 
June 2016 

246.1

138.9

400.5

1964.9

2006.6

4083.6

8734.6

170.9

112.7

355.7

1537.5

1645.7

3306.2

7077.1

0 2000 4000 6000 8000 10000

Transition
Economies

Middle East &
Africa

Latin America

Asia &
Australasia

Western Europe

North America

Global

Healthcare spending, 2015-2020

2015 2020 (P)



 
 
 

Page 7 of 42 
 

 

The Core Focus 
Health care spending is expected to rise between 2.4% and 7.5% by 2020 around 
the globe as depicted above. {9} In an effort to contain and ideally reduce 
expenditures, measures are being taken to reduce inefficiencies in operations, 
resources, data, drug sourcing and technology. A shift towards incentivising 
preventative measures is proving popular in large scale health management, 
particularly in Japan where the METI program rewards companies which engage in 
health and productivity management. Other common preventative measures include 
data and disease screening, which can only be achieved through better population 
data monitoring. However, on a country specific level, there remains a common 
barrier, which is the availability of capital for investing in EHR, to enable data sharing 
and analysis.  

A shortfall in available funds, rising labour costs and scarcity of new talent entering 
the healthcare sector, means a lower doctor to patient ratio which in Japan was just 
two doctors per thousand of population back in 2012. With limited resources 
effecting access to adequate healthcare and expertise, both public and private 
systems are exploring new alternative service methods such as technology-enabled 
virtual healthcare, in the form of online consultation, wearable and implantable 
patient monitoring devices. This poses the question; can new technologies solve old 
problems? 

Technology-driven healthcare offers enormous potential in improving access to 
healthcare in developing, rural and widely dispersed populations, particularly in 
Southeast Asia and Africa. The benefits are not limited to improved access, but also 
reducing costs, resources, infrastructure and operational requirements in the 
process. Telehealth, virtual reality and immunotherapy were identified by Deloitte, 
among the top 10 innovations in healthcare to “achieve more for less”. Another 
effective means of improving access and reach while being budget conscious, is 
through collaboration. Depicted below is the number mergers and acquisitions which 
have occurred as strategic efforts to leverage better reach and access to healthcare 
while overcoming financial and regulatory pressures. A report issued by the NHS 
Improvement estimates a savings of 12-14% through service consolidation between 
hospital providers. {9} This method of collaboration and physician and hospital bed 
sharing is very common in Japan, but one major struggle is the technical ability to 
integrate and share data between systems effectively. Could blockchain technology 
be the solution? 



 
 
 

Page 8 of 42 
 

 

 

Typically, healthcare data is stored in a centralized system known as an EHR system, 
which is often customized as per the healthcare providers requirements. This results 
in a fragmented approach to data storage, preventing ease of information sharing 
between systems, otherwise known as ‘interoperability’. Instead, information ends 
up in siloes that act as bottlenecks in the sharing of data, causing frustration among 
providers, regulators, researchers and patients. This lack of standardization and 
centralized storage approach results in two fundamental flaws, privacy and security. 
{6} 

Blockchain can eradicate these flaws. A recent Forbes article describes “blockchain 
technology, at its simplest, a distributed and immutable (write once and read only) 
record of digital events that is shared peer to peer between different parties 
(networked database systems)”. {11} As blockchain operates on a decentralized 
approach, no single entity is in charge of storing the data, but all participants on the 
network share the responsibility for maintaining data integrity and security. 
Blockchain uses a time stamp to authenticate any change in data, which is perfectly 
suited to EHR management, as it will track and record each edit carried out by each 
user permitted to access the data. This ensures transparency and accountability at 
each step of the process. This addresses the need for providers and patients to have 
access to up-to-date records of test results, diagnoses, prescriptions, services 
rendered, bills outstanding etc., while being able to view, edit and share data in real 
time. Blockchain technology allows for a more coordinated approach to EHR 
management with structured access and privacy controls. Due to the inherently 
sensitive nature of patient data, “blockchain is ideally suited to address a number of 
trust issues, such as patient identification, patient consent, provider-sider user 
authentication, and even the discover and reduction of billing fraud and erroneous 
malpractice in claims.” {3} IBM supports this, referring to blockchain as the “chain of 
trust”, capable of improving peer to peer accountability. 

 

Announced Hospital Mergers and Acquisitions, 1998-2014 

139

110

86 83

58
38

59 51 57 58 60 52
72

90
107

88
100

287

175

132
118

101

56

236

88

249

149

78 80

125

156

244

296

178

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

350

98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14

Number of Deals Number of Hospitals



 
 
 

Page 9 of 42 
 

 

Challenges Ahead 
Let us not assume that blockchain is a one stop solution for all pre-existing 
healthcare problems. “Like every technology, blockchain has limitations and is not 
suited for application to all scenarios,” IBM says. Blockchain technology offers many 
potential use cases in the healthcare sector, but it presents challenges for low-value, 
high volume transaction. Hence the choice of blockchain protocol is crucial when 
considering the application of it, as it may impact on the number of users and 
possible applications. For example, the Ethereum platform allows for the creation of 
decentralized applications on the system, and hence is popular for both 
permissioned and permission less blockchain development. 

 

How would a blockchain-powered healthcare network operate and what are the 
foreseen challenges? 

 

Regulatory and Data Compliance 

As blockchain stores all data in a distributed manner, rather than a centralized 
system, the data goes outside the walls of the health organization, exposing it to 
potential risks and breaches in confidentiality and integrity. This must be considered 
from a regulatory and data compliance perspective, most notably with existing 
privacy regulations like HIPAA. {6}  

 

File Size & Scalability 

Medical records such as large images or scans are considered very heavy files which 
may impact the performance of the blockchain. A more efficient solution would be to 
just create reference points using hash codes pointing to the source of the data 
which can be stored off the blockchain. The role of the hash code is to verify the 
integrity of the data pulled from the source, and the source may also have access 
control so that only those authorized can access it. {5} 

 

Blockchain-Enabled Medical Devices 

Stricter monitoring of medical devices is required, following a number of recent 
disasters including Europe’s PIP breast implant blunder, followed by an extensive 
recall of hip replacements. Both of which highlight a huge deficiency in current 
regulatory systems. Can this be avoided through the adoption of blockchain-enabled 
devices and at what cost? {9} 



 
 
 

Page 10 of 42 
 

 

Response from the Industry 
According to a survey carried out by IBM, on 200 healthcare executives across 
sixteen countries, approximately 16% admitted to taking a proactive approach in 
adopting a commercial blockchain solution in 2017. {8} That’s quite a positive 
responsive for a technology which is so new, with few real life uses cases 
operational. England’s NHS recently stated, “that technology which enables patients 
to manage their own health is the key to improving care, promoting efficiency and 
cutting costs throughout the NHS.” The NHS is taking keen steps towards virtual 
health, setting aside £100 million to establish centres of global digital excellence. A 
similar mindset is clear in Australia with the integration of telehealth and 
telemedicine services, and plans to introduce artificial intelligence (AI) in clinical 
settings. 

Adopting Blockchain in Healthcare 
Deloitte explains that “blockchain truly shines when four conditions have been met: 
(1) multiple parties generate transactions that change information in a shared 
repository, (2) parties need to trust that the transactions are valid, (3) intermediaries 
are inefficient or not trusted as arbiters of truth, and (4) enhanced security is 
needed to ensure integrity of the system.” The Health Information Exchange (HIE) 
outlined to Deloitte, the biggest pain points and the opportunities of blockchain. 
{12} 

Benefits 



 
 
 

Page 11 of 42 
 

 

The pain points above reflect a disjointed system, due to a lack of common 
standards and poor systems for sharing sensitive information between stakeholders. 
Let’s consider the types of benefits which blockchain could offer, if adopted 
throughout the healthcare industry. 

 

 

Cost: By transitioning from resource intensive processes, to blockchain-
enabled processes, the costs can be significantly lowered. 

 

Delivery: Adopting delivery models that focus on a cooperative technology and 
interoperability, it can improve efficiency in all internal processes, positively 
influencing care delivery. 

 

Population Health Management: Standardization and interoperability would 
allow for more collaboration between hospitals in the form of data sharing 
which would aid population health management and future capital planning. 

 

Innovation: Technology-enabled solutions can offer greater efficiency to the 
entire ecosystem, resulting in patient satisfaction, higher standards in service 
provision, faster recovery, better utilization of resources and reduced costs 
overall. 

 

Operations: By transitioning from paper based processes to technology-
enabled ones, we can deliver much more efficient processes, reducing time, 
effort and resources required. Through a standardized approach, we can 
enhance integration and data sharing in a more secure and user-friendly 
manner. 

 

Regulation: Information sharing, and partnerships helps can help lower 
operational and regulatory risks. However, standardization and interoperability 
are necessary to establish a consistent approach to compliance framework and 
implementation to maintain regulation in global health standards. 

 



 
 
 

Page 12 of 42 
 

Use Cases 
Tamara StClaire, former chief innovation officer at Conduent Health, recently 
suggested several potential use cases for blockchain in healthcare including master 
patient index, claims adjudication, interoperability, longitudinal health records, 
supply chain and clinical trials. Let’s take a closer look at these possible use cases 
and the benefits for adoption. 

 

Master Patient Index 

With the introduction of blockchain in patient data management, we can improve 
standardization which is a critical element preventing interoperability among 
systems. The second critical element revolves around ownership and the portability 
of user owned data. Quite often there is a resistance from medical institutions in 
releasing medical records, which would need to change for a blockchain based 
system to be successful and for patient data integrity. StClaire suggests that 
blockchain technology "could solve the challenge health systems have when their 
data sets get mismatched, or the problem of duplicate records."{1}  

The concept of master patient data will reoccur in many use cases which will be 
explored further. Privacy and security of patient data is a primary concern, with data 
being sold, leaked, mismanaged and hidden due to fraud and malpractice. 
Converting to a blockchain based system would significantly improve patient data 
integrity enabling the sharing of identifiable data with doctors but the ability to share 
only unidentifiable data with research programs, where you would prefer to remain 
anonymous. {2} 

 

Claims Assessment 

Claim assessors and insurance companies have been accused of fraud and 
manipulation of claim assessments, causing patients to suffer huge time delays and 
loss of claims due to incomplete or ‘mismanaged’ records. “Roughly 6 percent of all 
claims are denied because of incomplete or incorrect information," according to 
StClaire. {1} Furthermore, 5-10% of billing costs arise from over billing or billing for 
non-performed services, as estimated by Forbes. {11} Blockchain technology could 
eradicate this human risk through disintermediation, as claims would be settled 
using a smart contract which will auto issue the claim on satisfaction of pre-defined 
terms. By automating the majority of claims and payment processing activities, 
blockchain could significantly reduce the burden of patient losses, cost of disputes 
and reconciliation of accounts. 

 

 



 
 
 

Page 13 of 42 
 

 

Interoperability 

This refers to the ability of two or more systems to share, exchange and use the 
information shared between them. This is essential to facilitate patients to own their 
data, and give access to others to view or add new data to their record. Similarly, 
two hospitals should be able to easily pull, and push data related to the same patient 
without needing to replicate that data in a different format for utilization. Blockchain-
enabled health IT systems that are irrevocable and cryptographically secured, could 
remove the hassle and cost of data reconciliation and provide access to both real 
time and historic data to multiple users at one time. 

 

Longitudinal Health Records 

Most patients visit their family general practitioner for day to day health concerns, 
however when they need to visit a specialist or a different care provider, it’s difficult 
as the new care provider does not have a longitudinal view of the patient’s state of 
health, including pre-existing illnesses, prescriptions, family history etc. By shifting to 
a decentralized system, we could provide a longitudinal view of one’s health and 
therefore more efficient treatment of patients, naturally resulting in better patient 
experience. 

 

Supply Chain 

Supply chain plays an important role in resource management, both human 
resources and medical. Blockchain technology could record details like wages and 
employment contracts reducing HR efforts and grievances. It can also track the 
authenticity of medical infrastructure ensuring it’s fit for purpose. Most notably, the 
authenticity of drugs, particularly when the counterfeit drug market is estimated to 
be worth $200 billion annually. {2} The World Health Organisation recently revealed 
a frightening statistic stating that 100,000 deaths per year are connected to the 
counterfeit drug trade. Blockchain technology can be used to accurately track the 
production and movement of a drug through the supply chain using the hash which 
is generated during production. Similarly, if a drug needs to be recalled for any 
reason, it should enable ease of traceability. 

 

Clinical Trials 

Authenticity of data is equally important when carrying out clinical trials. Usually the 
individual or organization is trying to prove a hypothesis based on supporting data 
from the trial, which if proven will generate huge financial gain, thus creating a 
hidden agenda. This often results in fraud, potentially in the form of manipulation of 



 
 
 

Page 14 of 42 
 

data or hiding of unfavorable data which goes against the hypothesis. In this 
scenario, proof of existence is essential, and blockchain technology enables the 
secure recording of this, in chronological order. Due to the characteristics of 
blockchain the data gets distributed across millions of machines, hence altering or 
tampering with the data is virtually impossible without being detected. {2} 
Blockchain technology can also be used in maintaining patient data integrity in 
clinical trials, where patients may contribute their data for research purposes while 
hiding identifiable data. 

 

Data Protection 

Data integrity whether patient or research related is essential and blockchain can 
assist in protecting this data. By introducing a decentralized blockchain based 
system, it can mitigate the risk of cybercrime, data leakage and tampering. With life 
sciences and healthcare organizations suffering 340 more security attacks when 
compared with other industries, the need for a more robust system is evident. 
Likewise, the US and UK have witnessed economic losses of more than $279 billion 
due to cybercrime, which could have been avoided had blockchain been 
implemented. {9}  

The Problems Being Addressed 
Healthcare represents one of the largest business sectors globally, so it’s no surprise 
that there’s plenty of problems in need of solutions to progress the quality of 
healthcare. The key areas of concern are: 

1) Data management 
2) Access to affordable medical care 
3) Authenticity of healthcare providers 
4) Counterfeit drugs 
5) Population health management 
6) Fraud in operational procedures 

 

 



 
 
 

Page 15 of 42 
 

Key Areas of Concern 
 

1) Data management 
 

Every first visit to a doctor or clinic requires a registration process, which presents 
the first big challenge; disparities in what data is captured and how it is recorded. 
This prevents interoperability between care providers, and thus there is a need for 
more trusted strategies for managing big data. {4} 

 

2) Access to affordable medical care 
 

A major factor to be addressed is the high costs associated with health-related 
services, particularly in emergency cases where a patient has not opted for medical 
insurance. In such instances, patients have limited options to choose from; seek help 
from family, take a loan, look for cheaper and riskier treatments, go abroad for more 
competitive rates, or source pro-bono programs for assistance. Healthcare providers 
are also concerned with patients having access to the best possible treatments, and 
innovative services on the blockchain could facilitate this with video consultations, 
referrals and second options on the network and the ability to strengthen permission 
sharing protocols. 

 

3) Authenticity of healthcare providers 
 

Another risk associated with sourcing cheaper alternative healthcare, is the 
opportunity for under qualified practitioners to gain access to patients in desperate 
need. With no time or knowledge of how to validate their qualification, patients can 
end up in dire situations after botched surgeries and unregulated procedures. The 
blockchain would enable patients to verify the authenticity of a health professional 
including where they are allowed to practice, licenses and affiliations.  A pilot project 
in Illinois has been launched earlier this year, as a joint venture between Hashed 
Health consortium and state officials to create one of the first blockchain based 
registry systems. Capturing data such as medical schools, residency programs, 
certifying boards and hospital affiliations, accurately recording practitioner data over 
the course of their careers. This builds confidence with employers, patients and 
regulatory bodies while mitigating the risk of fraud. {4} 

 

4) Fraud in counterfeit drugs 
 

This cost cutting attempt can be seen in the manufacturing of drugs also. This is a 
particularly large issue in developing nations such as India and China, where 



 
 
 

Page 16 of 42 
 

branded drugs are simply too expensive when compared with locally produced 
alternatives. The WHO estimates that “16% of counterfeit drugs contain the wrong 
ingredients” which means from a qualitative and quantitative aspect, the drugs may 
not actually treat the symptoms they are intended for, and may result in adverse 
side effects. {2} This is a notable concern, highlighting the need for more accurate 
supply chain management. A survey by Pistoia Alliance carried out mid 2017 
revealed that 68% of pharma and life science leaders said that “blockchain could 
drastically improve medication supply chain management and produce associated 
gains in patient safety.” {4} 

 

5) Population health management 
 

Now let’s consider not only deliberate fraud, but also misuse on an epidemic level. In 
large scale emergency situations, the collection, collaboration and analysis of big 
data can be tedious, slow and in some cases a matter of life and death. But what if 
we could take a proactive instead of reactive approach to managing public health 
surveillance? Blockchain could facilitate a secure and compliant method to overcome 
complex data sharing agreements between health institutions, and ensure reliability 
and speed in high risk or epidemic scenarios. From a preventative measure, 
blockchain could also be utilized for monitoring population health, in identifying risks 
and trends in disease spread. Similarly, to anticipate future expenditure on chronic 
disease, and thus take a proactive approach in encouraging better practices, 
exercise and eating habits to reduce risks which seem inevitable. Health insurance 
providers would also benefit, and could reassess their risk profiles by gaining better 
insight into an individual’s general health and habits. 

 

6) Fraud in operational procedures 
 

Many of these problems identified stem back to one thing which is the 
standardization and sharing of data. Once again, this is evident even among the 
walls of a hospital, between accounts departments and claims departments. Patients 
often cannot get access to their records before clearing their billing, which is 
debilitating for a patient when it’s their data. The adoption of blockchain based 
patient data would significantly reduce time, resources and costs across all health-
related services. It also has the power to drastically reduce fraud and manipulation 
which is witnessed time and time again in the claims procedure, where smart 
contract technology could eradicate it entirely, doing away with the human 
interference and simply executing once the pre-defined terms are met. 

 

 



 
 
 

Page 17 of 42 
 

“In 2015, a record 112 million health care record data breaches occurred due to IT 
hacks. Now imagine how the use of an inoperable blockchain could mitigate this risk 
due to its cryptographic nature, bringing a new level of integrity to health care 
data management.” 

The Resolution 
Healthureum is a dynamic and multi-functional ecosystem designed to bring 
Healthcare services on the blockchain to transform ‘How We Manage Our 
Healthcare’. Healthureum will guarantee its users, the most efficient healthcare 
treatments, access to Physicians and Specialists globally, access to quality medical 
infrastructure and opportunities to access first of its kind innovative treatment plans 
including philanthropic sponsorship programs. 

Blockchain and Smart Contract technology integration in healthcare’s critical services 
will bring S3, standardization, scalability and social responsibility, while 
tackling the inflated costs, limited access to adequate services and misutilization of 
patient data. “Through blockchain, we can achieve decentralized healthcare, closing 
the gap between services; through transparency, security and most importantly 
accountability.” 
 
A conglomerate of healthcare related services operated on the blockchain using 
smart contract technology on the ethereum based platform. By exploring the key 
issues from the angle of each party involved, we have identified five core focus 
areas where this innovative approach can bring widespread efficiency and 
transparency. 

                     
                   Data Systemization 

 
Doctor Consult & Referral               

 
Medical Infrastructure 

 
Research Programs 

 
Philanthropic Activities 

Let’s consider these fields in more detail. 

 



 
 
 

Page 18 of 42 
 

Data Systemization 

Healthureum will enable patients to consolidate all their data, whether personal, 
medical or emergency, stored in a single platform which is secured with encrypted 
codes, keeping all your information private, safe and all in one place. The goal is to 
create a system that does not reply on trust, and facilitates information storage, 
sharing and collaboration to improve efficiency in the management of healthcare and 
population health.  

 Type of data to be consolidated  
 Medical records 
 Personal data 
 Test results 
 Scans 
 X-rays 

 Treatment plans 
 Prescriptions 
 Referrals 
 Billing 
 Claims 

 

Your data is stored on the blockchain in chronological order and cannot be tampered 
with or mismanaged. The cryptographic nature will mitigate the risk of hacking or 
illegal sharing of your data. Access your data and medical history at your fingertips, 
making it easy to share with your doctors. Give access to view or add additional data 
to your records, enabling hospitals and care givers to access and update your data in 
real time.  

How it works 



 
 
 

Page 19 of 42 
 

 

Due to the sensitive nature of medical data, we have identified how to deal with 
both identifiable and non-identifiable data. Using blockchain technology Healthureum 
will enable permissioned users to access and view the data, which you want to 
share. In the case of your doctor, you ideally would like to give them full access to 
gain a longitudinal view of your health. This can be achieved by sharing the secret 
private key that makes identification possible. However, in the case of research 
programs, you want to volunteer your data but not your identity, hence only your 
public key shall be shared. The method of encryption creates permission layers, 
which ensures your data is secure and private. {13} 

Now that we have addressed how Healthureum will manage patient data integrity, 
let’s understand what type of data is to be stored both on and off the blockchain to 
give the most efficient outcome. Blockchain performance is influenced by the size 
and format of files being stored on the chain. For example, large data files like 
abstract MRI images are not suitable for storing on the chain as they will hamper 
overall performance. Healthureum will deal with such data by keeping it off the chain 
but adding encrypted links which will point to a separate location containing the 
data. {7} 

Healthureum aims to address patient data integrity, while implementing realistic 
frameworks for defining the size and format of data to be submitted on the 
blockchain. By developing a standardization in data sets, Healthureum can act as a 
transaction layer for the sharing of data between users in a secure ecosystem. The 
goal is to achieve interoperability to facilitate the seamless sharing of data between 



 
 
 

Page 20 of 42 
 

health organizations and patients in a secure and efficient manner without 
compromising on privacy and regulatory compliance. The same can be applied 
within the four walls of a hospital or clinic, to enable collaboration between 
departments to prevent fraud or human errors in billing and claims, thus creating a 
more pleasant patient experience. Healthureum will take a proactive approach 
towards data protection according to the proposed General Data Protection 
Regulation (GDPR) due to be implemented in 2018 for all EU patient data. 

Also, in the case of emergencies, the first responders will be able to view your 
‘mission critical’ data including blood group, allergies, pre-existing illnesses or 
current prescriptions. Time save lives, so adopting the Healthureum way, you can be 
treated quicker, more efficiently and it might just save your life. 

We hope to integrate this Data Systemization in healthcare clinics, nursing homes 
and hospitals to facilitate better patient record handling, and ease of sharing data 
between doctors, patients, laboratories and all relevant departments. Through this 
we can achieve standardization, security and social responsibility.  

 

 

Blockchain-enabled EHR will bring value to the industry by significantly reducing the 
resources, time, errors, updates, and reconciliations required, which will directly 
correlate to more efficient healthcare provision, higher patient satisfaction and 
benefits to the bottom line. 

Token Purpose: Gaining access to the Healthureum ecosystem requires the 
purchase of Healthureum tokens. Then, users will be allocated an app to manage 
and store your medical data in a user friendly, systematic manner. This unique 
feature facilitates interoperability, between patient and carer, hospitals, labs and 
departments across locations. The Healthureum platform will give you unlimited 



 
 
 

Page 21 of 42 
 

access to your real time and historic medical data, while maintaining your data 
integrity. 

 

 

 

Doctor Consults & Referrals 

On the Healthureum platform you can opt for a doctor consult or even a second 
opinion if you are unsure of your prognosis or treatment plan. This can benefit those 
particularly with: 

 Symptoms in need of prognosis 
 Limited access to healthcare advisors 
 Busy schedules, unable to attend in person 
 Complex or rare symptoms 
 Lack of trust in the first opinion received 
 A need for specialist opinions 

 

Doctor Consolation 
Through the Healthureum video consultation you can obtain quick and easy access 
to a healthcare professional, who can guide you with treatment plans, prescriptions 
and referrals to a relevant and qualified practitioner in your locality. Using blockchain 
a patient can share their symptoms, diagnosis or treatment plan with healthcare 
professionals on the Healthureum network to get second opinions, in cases of 

“Your Data Your Way! You Own Your Data!” 



 
 
 

Page 22 of 42 
 

uncertainty or rare symptoms. The Healthureum ecosystem will develop APIs 
enabling practitioners to access the permissioned data, and to integrate with other 
organization systems, during the referral process, to ensure all care providers get a 
longitudinal view of your medical health, so as you can be treated most efficiently. 

How it works 

 

Referral 
Attending specialist practitioners usually requires a referral from your general 
practitioner resulting in additional and unnecessary costs which could be avoided on 
the Healthureum platform. Get referred by a registered professional who can even 
guide you on finding a specialist in your nearby locality, for better convenience. By 
sourcing a registered professional on the Healthureum platform, you can be rest 
assured that all referrals are vetted by us as legally and qualified practitioners, 
reducing the risk to the patient. The referrals made by Healthureum will be tracked 
on the blockchain along with the practitioner’s background in terms of education, 
residency, qualification and affiliation, to ensure you are being treated by those 
qualified to do so.       

  

How it works 



 
 
 

Page 23 of 42 
 

                                                         

 

Diagnostics 
In addition to getting advice on the Healthureum platform patients may also 
undergo pathology and diagnostic tests through a supply chain of laboratories and 
pay using Healthureum tokens.  

 

Types of Diagnostics 

 Lipid profile 
 Glycosylated hemoglobin 
 Complete blood count 
 Thyroid profile 
 Liver / kidney function test 

 Culture / Urine test 
 Vitamin D / B12 
 Fever Panel 
 Iron Studies 
 Diabetes Panel 

 

Once again, the referred labs and clinics are vetted by us to ensure a standard of 
qualification and professionalism. Pathology laboratories can upload your results and 
data to your records file on the Healthureum ecosystem, so you can store it and 
share it easily with your healthcare physician. This facilitates faster diagnosis while 
maintaining the integrity of your personal data.                                                                                                         



 
 
 

Page 24 of 42 
 

 No delays 
 No loss of data 
 No mix ups 
 No hassles 

 

How it works  

 

Token Purpose: Doctor consults and referrals can be carried out in the 
Healthureum ecosystem, and patients can pay directly to doctors and consultants 
using Healthureum tokens. Similarly, referrals to laboratories for tests or screening 
may also be booked on the platform and paid for using Healthureum tokens, for 
faster payment processing, and sharing of results and data on your Healthureum 
data storage app. 

 

 

 

 

 

“If you think wellness is expensive 
...then try illness!” 



 
 
 

Page 25 of 42 
 

 
 

Medical Infrastructure 
Typically, medical infrastructure accounts for the largest capital investment, for any 
medical institution. Healthureum will integrate blockchain in medical infrastructure to 
measure 

 Return on investment 
 Maintenance and upgradations 
 Demand and usage 
 Supply chain and reliability 

 

By using blockchain technology we can record and assess every action related to a 
piece of medical infrastructure, with regards to the cost versus the usage, the 
waiting period for patients and therefore demand, the scheduling of maintenance 
checks and the authenticity of the supplier. These facts and figures are beneficial for 
medical institutions to ensure they have adequate infrastructure to best service their 
patients, while also building confidence in patients, that their resources are fit for 
purpose and readily available. This can be very beneficial particularly when looking 
at investment versus return, and to aid hospitals in planning annual budgets and 
anticipating future capital outlay. The Healthureum platform can provide access to 
non-identifiable data sets with regards to services rendered to analyze usage levels. 



 
 
 

Page 26 of 42 
 

By combining this function with the data systemization function, Healthureum can 
assist with population health management. By analyzing data trends, hospitals and 
governments can identify potential risk factors for the future including a rise in 
chronic diseases. To be able to adequately care for these diseases in the future, we 
must plan now, by addressing the demand vs supply of medical infrastructure both 
now and in the future, which can be analyzed using smart blockchain technology. 
This enables health organizations to take a proactive approach to healthcare and 
make decisions now that will benefit future patients. 

How it works 

 

Token Purpose: By using Healthureum tokens for the purchasing, servicing and 
renting of medical infrastructure, we can record important facts and date stamps 
from procurement to each time the machine is used, and which patient used it. The 
decentralized nature of blockchain technology enables us to record every step in a 
chronological and systematic manner, while verifying the authenticity of the supplier. 
The Healthureum token will be the method of payment for each step of the process, 
including purchasing, servicing and services rendered which will enable the 
Healthureum ecosystem to record such payments in the data management app also. 



 
 
 

Page 27 of 42 
 

 

Research Programs 
Research and learning are at the forefront of medical cures, hence Healthureum will 
include blockchain based Research Programs to ensure that every piece of data is 
properly monitored, recorded and accessible in a scalable and secure system which 
is tamper proof. This will mitigate the risk of external manipulation, while aiding 
researchers and patients to track and measure any relevant data required for the 
program. It will enable patients and practitioners to be proactive in their monitoring 
of treatments trials, particularly in the fields of AIDs, Cancer and Diabetes. 

Patients not directly related to the treatment trails, may also contribute their medical 
data for research purposes in both paid and unpaid programs. This will encourage 
the sharing of medical data for social cause as patients control their own data, and 
their data may only be utilized for research purposes by giving their permission 
through the Healthureum ecosystem. In this instance, Healthureum will act as a 
transaction layer facilitating access to non-personally identifiable demographics, 
using APIs to submit defined query parameters, for example patients in a specific 
region.  

As already identified, fraud is a prevailing risk in research programs and clinical 
trials, so Healthureum will be using an ethereum based blockchain system to ensure 
that data integrity is maintained. If attempts were made to change a historic block, 
it would require consensus from the majority of the network for it to be verified. This 
mitigates the risk of tampering, as any change is immediately broadcasted to the 
entire network, thus making it secure. In this manner any research programs carried 
out under Healthureum would rely on only genuine data and outcomes from the 
research program, removing the potential manipulation which commonly occurs in 
the field of medical research. 



 
 
 

Page 28 of 42 
 

How it works 

 

Token Purpose: All participants offering their data for research purposes may be 
rewarded with Healthureum tokens. Similarly, those choosing to participate in new 
clinical trials or treatment programs will use their Healthureum tokens for the 
purpose of payment for services through the Healthureum ecosystem. 

 

 

 

 
Philanthropist Activities 
 

 “If you’re in the luckiest 1% of the humanity, 
you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about 

the other 99%”. 



 
 
 

Page 29 of 42 
 

Now using Healthureum, you can choose to fund projects of social cause in the form 
of philanthropic activities. Healthureum will promote four key activities;  

1) Research programs to enable new medical breakthroughs. 
2) Innovation in the treatment of Cancer. 
3) Innovation in the treatment of Hepatitis and HIV AIDs. 
4) Medical infrastructure in technology enabled devices. 

 
 

How it works 

 
Healthureum is devoted to improving all standards of healthcare by enabling 
philanthropists to join the ecosystem and make valuable contributions towards the 
future of healthcare. Healthureum realizes that healthcare research benefits all of us, 
and hence is encouraging philanthropists to part take in funding research programs 
that could help any one of us in the future. The same applies, in the case of finding 
new and innovative methods of treating Cancer, Hepatitis and HIV AIDs. They are 
rampant in societies globally and with no found cure, Healthureum is pushing for 
philanthropic activity in these fields of high concern. Healthureum is adopting 
innovation in the form of blockchain and smart contract technology, but it also 
promoting the development of new technology enabled medical devices to facilitate 
better monitoring, and better patient outcomes. 

Healthcare has long been a focus for philanthropic activities but there is a stigma or 
doubt on whether the funds are reaching those purposes for which they were 
intended. Using blockchain technology Healthureum can enforce accountability and 
traceability, to ensure donations are being used ethically.  

Token Purpose: All donations for philanthropic activities will be carried out using 
Healthuerum tokens for ease of transfer and to bring transparency in the usage of 
these funds. A time stamp will occur for each transaction on the blockchain clearly 
tracking the use of funds donated by philanthropists in the Healthureum ecosystem. 



 
 
 

Page 30 of 42 
 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We make a living by what we get. But we make 
a life by what we give. 

-Winston Churchill 



 
 
 

Page 31 of 42 
 

Road Map 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

May 2017 

SWOT analysis of different blockchain applications 
based on data size and type. 

September 2016 
Founders collaborated with a common concern for 

the future of healthcare. 

September 2017 
Decided on a tokenized approach to help bring this 

concept to the masses. Developed marketing 
strategy and preparation for TGE to start 

December. 

November 2016 

Healthureum basic initiatives outlined with five fields 
of focus. 

July 2017 

Structured development plan and key milestones for 
next 18 months. 

March 2017 

Welcomed on board key members, and identified 
relevant use cases, for our initiatives. 

January 2017 

Research into healthcare’s recent surveys to quantify 
the challenges and potential of blockchain 

applications. 

Phase 1 

Phase 2 

November 2017 
Launch of website, social media marketing and 

testing of registration platform for TGE.  

February 2018 

Launch of TGE Sale, full scale PR and marketing 
campaign.  

March 2018 

Registration for listing on exchanges to facilitate 
token. In depth financial planning to allocate TGE 

funds appropriately. 
May 2018 

Define framework for collecting a standardized data 
set, to be used in Alpha model for data 

systemization. 

December 2017 

Launch of Pre-Sale TGE, bounty campaign and 
teaser strategy. 

July 2018 

Testing of Alpha data systemization app between 
patients and two pilot hospitals. Consolidate data 
and credentials for local doctors, specialists and 

pathology labs for referrals feature. 



 
 
 

Page 32 of 42 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

September 2018 
Create Beta version of data systemization app and 
float into two pilot hospitals to implementation and 

testing. Develop Alpha model for virtual doctor 
consultations and referrals. 

 January 2019 
Address any scalability concerns before introducing 
data systemization to 5 more hospitals. Launch Beta 

virtual doctor consultation and referrals. 

July 2019 
Launch research program where users can contribute 
their data for both unpaid and paid programs and get 

rewarded with HHEM tokens. 

May 2019 
Launch research program feature where users can 

contribute their non-identifiable data in unpaid 
programs.  

March 2019 
Reveal final virtual doctor feature with complete 

referral for doctors, specialists and pathology labs. 
Develop smart contract for research programs feature.  

 

November 2018 
Make any necessary revisions for regulatory & privacy 

compliance. Introduce to 5 hospitals for 
implementation. Float Alpha model for virtual doctor 

consultation & referrals. 

October 2019 
Look to integrate blockchain-enabled philanthropic 

activities for peer to peer donations, which are 
traceable and fully transparent. Begin tracking 

demand versus usage for medical infrastructure in 2 
pilot hospitals. 

August 2019 
Implement blockchain based system for medical 
infrastructure in 2 pilot hospitals. Beginning with 

tracking the downtime to assess successful and paid 
tests versus repeat and unpaid tests.   

Phase 3 

Phase 4 



 
 
 

Page 33 of 42 
 

Cost Allocation 
We have seen throughout, the importance of allocating resources appropriately to 
drive the best results. As Healthureum has an extensive development plan and 
lengthy road map ahead, the costs have been allocated to enable sustainable 
milestone based development. The success of any project depends on how 
efficiently resources are utilized and we have structured our budgets to ensure we 
can bring the best possible product in the most realistic timeframe. 

 

 
 

Development and implementation will form the largest cost to be allocated with a 
four-phase development plan bringing the project up to mid-2019 and at a minimum 
an alpha version of each of the five services underway and in testing. The second 
largest chunk shall drive growth and awareness of the project and the TGE, to 
attract early participants and contributions to aid faster development. The advisory 
and operational costs shall reflect the level of skillsets we have acquired for both 
advising and operating the daily running of this project. A key aspect of bringing this 
project to a successful completion relies upon the strength of the research, which is 
be ongoing and location specific to reflect the regulation and compliance 
requirements with regards to privacy and data sharing. 

Token Structure 
Healthureum has opted for a tokenized approach as it provides a mechanism for 
utilizing services and paying for them in the ecosystem. It acts as a utility token for 

7%

15%

23%

15%

40%

Ongoing Research

Admin, Accounting, Operations

TGE, Marketing & Growth

Advisors & Legal

Development & Implementation

Cost Allocation %



 
 
 

Page 34 of 42 
 

services rendered on the platform. Healthureum is an ERC20 token developed on the 
ethereum based system enabling the smooth deployment of smart contracts. 

 
Features 
 

Token Name: HHEM 

Platform: Ethereum 

Token Standard: ERC20 

TGE Soft Cap: $15 million 

Total Supply of Tokens: 150 million 

TGE Supply of Tokens: 32.7 million 

Price per Token for TGE Sale: $3.95 

Can be Purchased with: BTC or ETH or ECH 

 

The HHEM token will be used for all transactions on the Healthureum platform. The 
token will enable the purchase of services offered on the platform and payment will 
be fast reliable, secured with cryptography. The token will be used for five main 
functions in the Healthureum ecosystem: 

 Service fee for the storage and management of medical data. 
 Reward for medical practitioners who offer doctor consultations and referrals. 

Reward for laboratories carrying out tests and diagnostics. 
 Service fee for the purchase, repair and use of medical infrastructure. 
 Service fee for participation in Research programs. Reward for patients 

submitting their medical data for research purposes. 
 Service fee for donations to philanthropic activities offered through the 

Healthureum ecosystem. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 
 
 

Page 35 of 42 
 

Technology 

 

The Healthureum token is an ERC20 token applied on the Ethereum open source 
system. The ERC20 token has a defined set of rules which when deployed in the 
Ethereum system will accurately function according to these rules. Healthureum will 
deploy smart contracts on the ethereum blockchain and transactions will be sent to 
the network fueled with gas. The smart contract enables the asset or token to be 
pushed into the program, and once the conditions of the contract are automatically 
validated, the smart contract protocol will automatically determine where the token 
gets sent. Healthureum will used this application in the five core processes outlined 
herein. 



 
 
 

Page 36 of 42 
 

 

 

In the Healthureum system, the HHEM token provides a mechanism for payment of 
both service fees and rewards for services carried out in the ecosystem. This creates 
demand for the token to procure services offered on the Healthureum platform. The 
token provides you with access to a one stop shop solution to help you manage your 
healthcare in the most efficient and cost-effective manner. As more users enter the 
ecosystem, the demand for the Healthureum token will grow, as they will require it 
to procure services. This will create substantial market value, which will be further 
strengthened once the token is listed on exchanges for trading ability.  

 
Token Distribution 
Healthureum is most suited for a Token Generation Event due to the sheer scale of 
the project. A TGE empowers interested parties and purchasers to get involved in 
the project initiative early on, which can be beneficial for both the project and the 
purchaser. The TGE plays an important role in launching the concept of the 
Healthureum initiative to the masses, while disclosing our future plans and 



 
 
 

Page 37 of 42 
 

development framework. This enables us to be upfront with the public, take a 
proactive approach in marketing this innovative multi-functional healthcare solution, 
while building confidence in early adopters and potential participants for the TGE, 
who are keen to partake in our initiative. 

The Healthureum tokens will be collected in multi sign wallet, and distributed in a 
transparent and structured format to benefit the sustained development of the 
project. 

 

  

 

 

TGE Pre-Sale     TGE Sale 

No. of Tokens Available: 4.4million  No. of Tokens Available: 28.3 million 
Beginning: 16th December 2017   Beginning: 26th February 2018 
Ending: 30th December 2017 or   Ending: 01st April 2018 
On sale of 4.4 million Tokens 
(whichever happens first)   
 

 

 

9%

29%

27%

24%

11%

Token Distribution %

Pre-Sale TGE

TGE

Founders Members & Core
Team

Long Term Sustainability
Reserve

Research, Bounty, Advisors



 
 
 

Page 38 of 42 
 

Purchaser Benefits 
Healthureum is best suited for a TGE model as the project is so vast that it will be 
executed in stages and according to milestones, which can be achieved through TGE 
project funding. By contributing to the project, you are enabling this innovative 
product to be released to the public sooner. So, what’s in it for the early purchasers? 

 

 Early token appreciation for Pre-Sale TGE participants 
 A first glance at healthcare’s most revolutionary project. 
 Potential to gain token appreciation even before token listing. 
 Involvement in healthcare’s most revolutionary blockchain-based ecosystem. 
 Ability to capitalize on a projects potential from day one. 
 Opportunity to be part of Healthureum, the future proof healthcare 

management system. 
 

Bonus Program 
The Pre-Sale TGE will begin on 16th December 2017 offering early bird participants 
to benefit from much anticipated bonus tokens. The sooner contributors partake in 
the TGE, the greater the benefit and higher the bonus. So, we encourage any 
interested participants to do your research early on and be equipped to take that 
leap once TGE Pre-Sale opens. The Pre-Sale will be a public sale, offered to any 
potential purchasers who are keen to be involved from the outset. The bonuses 
offered are most rewarding during this period, to reflect our appreciation for early 
believers in this project and supporting our vision to bring innovative blockchain-
based solutions to healthcare. 

If you miss that opportunity, there will be another chance to participate during the 
main TGE which will run for 35 days, beginning 26th February 2018 and ending 1st 
April 2018. Again the sale will be publicly offered to interested purchasers who want 
to be part of this change and contribute towards the Healthureum initiative and 
towards the development of this revolutionary platform.  

 

TGE Pre-Sale Token Price : 
1HHEM = $3.53 

TGE Pre-Sale Bonus  

Day 1 (16th Dec) : 45% 
Week 1 (17th – 23rd Dec) : 35% 
Week 2 (24th – 30th Dec) : 25% 

 

TGE Sale Token Price : 1HHEM = $3.95 

TGE Sale Bonus 

Day 1 : 22% 
Week 1 : 17% 
Week 2 : 12% 

Week 3 : 7% 
Week 4 : 2% 
Week 5 : 0% 



 
 
 

Page 39 of 42 
 

Long Term Strategy 
The founders spear heading the Healthureum initiative have a long-term strategy 
planned, as described in the detailed road map for development. A milestone based 
approach best fits this project, with five prime goals to be delivered over the next 
30-36 months. Healthureum is a complete multi-pronged solution to bring positive 
disruption to the healthcare sector, with its ethereum based blockchain solution and 
smart contract solutions for medical research and operations processes. This will be 
the most dynamic and cohesive ecosystem which will truly revolutionize healthcare. 
Although the token’s primary purpose is utility, we anticipate enormous demand as 
the platform services become active, and vast potential for appreciation once listed 
for trading. 

The Scope of Work 
The scope of the Healthureum project is comprehensive and dynamic which makes it 
that much more exciting. The first of its kind to attempt to address such large-scale 
issues in one single ecosystem. Healthureum has integrated a knowledgeable team, 
an extensive road map and a single goal to transform ‘How We Manage Our 
Healthcare’. Blockchain will be the success of tomorrow that we will implement 
today. 
 

Value Benefit to Society 
The underlying mission of Healthureum is to provide a future proof system for 
managing healthcare. This project is a perfect example of we can change the lives of 
millions including patients, providers, regulators and researchers, by using an 
innovative technology such as blockchain. The benefit is not limited to financial gain, 
but the value added to society cannot be measured purely with numbers, as patient 
satisfaction, recovery timeframes and overall population health with benefit. 

Conclusion 
The challenges identified in healthcare are not new, nor have they progressed much 
in recent years. There is an imminent need, in this resource constrained 
environment, to bring large scale change and Healthureum believes that blockchain 
and smart contract technology is the answer. Healthureum has matured a concept 
which has the potential to bring immediate benefits in addition to transformational 
long-term value. Blockchain will eliminate the need for regular updates, 
troubleshooting and reconciliation of inadequate and isolated data management 
systems. By adopting a decentralized and transparent technology, we can reform 
how data is shared, encouraging collaboration and interoperability while maintaining 
patient data integrity, privacy and security standards. By achieving standardization 



 
 
 

Page 40 of 42 
 

and interoperability, it benefits all sectors of healthcare as described herein. 
Healthureum is taking ground breaking steps to transform healthcare to radically 
improve service standards and care delivery. All services rendered on the 
Healthereum platform shall be paid for using the Healthureum token which will act 
as a utility token. Participants will be able to purchase HHEM tokens during the TGE 
which is much anticipated. The Healthureum ecosystem aims to achieve widespread 
transparency and accountability along with S3 – standardization, scalability and 
social responsibility in healthcare.  

 

Disclaimer 
This white paper should be read in conjunction with our full Terms & Conditions 
available on www.healthureum.io. 
 

References 
https://www2.deloitte.com/global/en/pages/life-sciences-and-
healthcare/articles/global-health-care-sector-outlook.html {9} 
2017 Global Healthcare Sector Outlook By Deloitte 
https://healthitanalytics.com/news/is-blockchain-the-answer-to-healthcares-big-data-
problems {6} 
27th April 2016 Is Blockchain the Answer to Healthcare’s Big Data Problems? By 
Jennifer Bresnick 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/reenitadas/2017/05/08/does-blockchain-have-a-place-
in-healthcare/#1c32b80f1c31 {11} 
8th May 2017, Does Blockchain Have a Place in Healthcare By Forbes; Reenita Das 
https://healthitanalytics.com/features/exploring-the-use-of-blockchain-for-ehrs-
healthcare-big-data {3} 
Exploring the Use of Blockchain of EHRs, Healthcare Big Data by Jennifer Bresnick 
https://itpeernetwork.intel.com/healthcare-blockchain-5-key-factors-success/ {5} 
17th October 2017 Healthcare Use Cases for Blockchain: 5 Key Factors for Success 
by David Houlding 
https://www-01.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi-bin/ssialias?htmlfid=GBE03790USEN& {8} 
2016 Healthcare rallies for blockchain, Keeping Patients at the center By IBM 
Corporation 
https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/public-sector/articles/blockchain-
opportunities-for-health-care.html {12} 
2016 Blockchain: Opportunities for Healthcare By Deloitte; RJ Krawiec, Dan 
Housman, Mark White, Mariya Filipova, Florian Quarre, Dan Barr, Allen Nesbitt, Kate 
Fedosova, Jason Killmeyer, Adam Israel, Lindsay Tsai 



 
 
 

Page 41 of 42 
 

http://www.healthcareitnews.com/news/blockchains-potential-use-cases-healthcare-
hype-or-reality {1} 
22nd February 2017 Blockchain’s potential use cases for healthcare: hype or reality? 
By Mike Miliard 
https://www.intelligenthq.com/innovation-management/blockchain-use-cases-in-
healthcare/ {2} 
30th January 2017 Blockchain Use Cases in Healthcare by Anca Petre 
https://healthitanalytics.com/news/five-blockchain-use-cases-for-healthcare-payers-
providers {4} 
10th October 2017 Five Blockchain Use Cases for Healthcare Payers, Providers by 
Jennifer Bresnik 
https://www.beckershospitalreview.com/finance/17-fascinating-statistics-on-the-
current-state-of-us-healthcare-spending-finances.html {10} 
13th September 2016 17 Statistics on the current state of US healthcare spending, 
finances By Becker’s Hospital CFO Report, ASC Communications 2017 



 
 
 

Page 42 of 42 
 
 


