













































1

W H I T E PA P E R
Blockchain P2P Car Sharing

D AT E  I S S U E D

02.02.2018V  1.4



2

C O N T E N T

Abstract      3

The Vision      4

The Challenge     5

The Solution      6

Helbiz Mobility System    8

 Introduction     8

 How it works     9

 Privacy & Security    10

 Advantage comparison   11

 Register & Verify identity   14

 Share Data     14

Helbiz Coin      15

Economic Model     16

Token Generation & Distribution    17

Native Token      19

Roadmap      21

Team       22 

Helbiz has obtained confirmation from Singapore-qualified legal counsel that the HelbizCoins are not securities or units in a collective investment scheme under Singa-
pore law and that, consequently, this initial token offering is not a regulated activity requiring the lodgement of any prospectus or similar document with the Monetary 

Authority of Singapore. A copy of the legal opinion issued in support thereof may be obtained from Helbiz upon request.



3

A B S T R AC T

Helbiz is a peer-to-peer market-

place that makes renting a car, 

motorcycle or bicycle convenient, 

affordable and rewarding. 

Helbiz combines the familiar  

carsharing approach in the trans-

portation sector with Blockchain 

technology. Our mobility eco- 

system will soon provide access 

to individual vehicles as well as 

fleets and other transportation 

services.

Helbiz Mobility System is a plat-

form based on the Ethereum 

Blockchain and powered by the 

HelbizCoin tokens (HBZ). 

Helbiz will be the first company 

adopting HelbizCoin and lever-

aging the Helbiz Mobility System, 

a platform that will be open to 

other companies with interests in  

mobility related services (e.g. in-

surance companies) and willing to 

join the Blockchain revolution us-

ing data and building dApps (De-

centralized Applications) on top of 

the Helbiz Mobility System.

HelbizCoin is the ERC20 token 

that aims to become the preferred 

method to pay for transportation 

services through the Ethereum 

Blockchain and to access the  

ecosystem of services provided 

by the Helbiz Mobility System. 

The adoption of cryptocurren-

cies will impact the way we  

access mobility services in the 

future and HelbizCoin is poised 

to play a leading role in this 

new era of transportation and  

sharing economy.

SHARE 
YOUR WHEELS



4

T H E  V I S I O N

Helbiz is a fully integrated mobility ecosystem with a custom-

er centric approach, consisting of Helbiz, a peer-to-peer ve-

hicle sharing application, and the Helbiz Mobility System, a 

platform on the Ethereum blockchain open for other compa-

nies with interest in mobility related services utilizing block-

chain technology (e.g insurance companies) powered by the 

native HelbizCoin (HBZ). Helbiz will be the first company 

adopting HelbizCoin and leveraging the Helbiz Mobility Sys-

tem, wishing to combine the familiar approach of car sharing 

in the transportation sector with Blockchain technology. Our 

mobility ecosystem will soon provide access to individual 

vehicles, fleets and other transportation services as well as 

control over data sharing. 

Blockchain technology allows the registration of all services, 

of all services provided through the platform and transac-

tions between owners, operators and external service pro-

viders are automatically processed through a single pay-

ment system of origin based on the use.

The most important sharing economy technology giants, 

Uber and Airbnb, are often cited as examples of collabo-

rative economics, but one could argue that they are not 

exactly centralized platforms. A precise definition of a  

collaborative economy ecosystem would be one in which 

technology allows people and companies to share their re-

sources and data and, if they wish, receive the correspond-

ing payment.

The Helbiz platform will allow all the involved parties to 

be fairly rewarded for their contributions into the mobility  

ecosystem, as the Blockchain technology will permit to 

verify each single input, whether coming from a corporate  

authority or an individual.

Picture being able not only to benefit from sharing car but 

also your driving data. Imagine being rewarded not only  

because you rented out your vehicle but also because of 

all the data you create and share. Imagine being able to 

use those rewards for travel and services. Imagine this data  

being used to further improve mobility services. Applying 

this technology will transform the future of mobility and 

data sharing, and will create a more fair and transparent 

process. For example, when renting a vehicle, insurance  

considerations are recorded in an intelligent contract, pay-

ments are based on usage and accounting and Helbiz allows 

you to be rewarded for both the goods or data you share.

THE VISION



5

T H E  C H A L L E N G E

The sharing economy refers to a new socioeconomic  

phenomenon that provides individuals with an opportunity 

to enable mutualization of personal goods and services. 

However, even if the sharing economy is based on a peer-

to-peer model, there are intermediaries that charge a fairly 

high fee to facilitate transactions. 

While the sharing economy has been remarkably benefi-

cial for society by enabling individuals to supplement their 

incomes and lowering costs for consumers, the industry 

is run by centralized platforms acting as authorities and 

charging substantial facilitation fees.

Today, the existing peer-to-peer rental marketplaces, like 

Turo or Get Around, allow customers to rent a vehicle for 

a far cheaper price when compared to standard renting 

services like Avis and Hertz. These platforms work on a 

quite simple principle: on one side, car owners can agree 

to share their car for use, thus, making money. On the  

other, consumers can instantly rent a car, saving money 

when compared to traditional renting services.

The current players claim to be “changing the eco-

nomics of car sharing”. The catch is that vehicle  

owners still need to give up a fair amount of economic  

value, in fact owners typically receive 75% of the amount 

paid by renters

Imagine a future where the control of personal data is given 

back to the particular user ensuring complete privacy and 

being given the option to sell to 3rd parties using Helbiz as 

a platform. No longer is monetization limited to physical as-

sets or services. In turn being rewarded not only because 

you leased your vehicle, but also by driving or having oth-

ers drive your car all thanks to the data you create. Imagine 

being able to use those rewards for travel and services. 

Imagine this data being used to further improve mobility 

services. Applying this technology will transform the future 

of mobility and data sharing, and will create a more fair and 

transparent process where the control of personal informa-

tion and data is put in the hands of the individual creating it 

and not the corporation providing the service. 

Sharing Economy

Fair Economic Value

Sharing Your Data

THE CHALLENGE



6

T H E  S O LU T I O N

BLOCKCHAIN CAR 
& DATA SHARING
Todays blockchain revolution can minimize tradition-

al ride sharing transaction fees. By moving the sharing 

economy to the Blockchain’s decentralized network, we 

democratize the platform for the benefit of active con-

tributors of ecosystem. 

Currently, centralized sharing economy platforms have 

two key roles in sustaining the sharing economy:

They connect buyers and sellers through a  

technology platform;

They provide a secure and trusted environment 

for the final user.



7

T H E  S O LU T I O N

However, by implementing Blockchain technology in 

the collaborative economy, it is no longer necessary for 

a central authority to ensure that the terms and con-

ditions are met and that transactions are carried out  

accordingly with customers.

The distributed ledger technology can provide smart 

contracts, digital identities linked to a publicly viewable 

user reputation systems and digital currency payments, 

all of which alleviate the need for a central authority.

Blockchain is best known as the technology underpin-

ing the cryptocurrency bitcoin. First sketched out by Bit-

coin inventor Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008, it’s since been 

adapted as a way to track the movement of all kinds 

of digital assets, from insurance contracts and loyalty 

points to electrons on electricity grids.

Blockchains are decentralized ledgers spread across 

thousands (or more) computers, and they have no sin-

gular authority. Each transaction within a time period is 

recorded in a block, which refers back to a previous 

block, creating chains of blocks. As such, Blockchain 

technology allows the creation of permanent records, 

and therefore, is highly secure and trust promoting.  

Blockchain technology has the potential to reduce 

transaction and trust costs that prevent car owners 

from monetizing their vehicles and driving data. Helbiz 

aims to create value automating three key areas:

The Solution - Blockchain Sharing Economy

The Benefit

Shared ownership of the vehicles

Services associated with the vehicle utilization;

All the data that’s produced from the vehicle use



8

T H E  H E L B I Z  M O B I L I T Y  S Y S T E M

THE HELBIZ 
MOBILITY SYSTEM

The Helbiz Mobility System is a platform based on the Ethereum Blockchain and powered by the Helbiz-

Coin tokens. Helbiz will be the first company adopting HelbizCoin and leveraging the Helbiz Mobility System,  

a platform that will be open to other companies with interests in mobility related services and willing to join 

the Blockchain revolution using data and building dApps (Decentralized Applications) on top of the  

Helbiz Mobility System

The system connects car owners, renters and ser-

vice providers through a simple, easy to use inter-

face. To simplify the process and increase Helbiz-

Coin adoption, Helbiz Mobility System will integrate 

several services in one single platform including:

General Description
An explorer to discover available transportation  

options and related services;

An internal exchange to convert major cryptocur-

rencies, like bitcoin and Ethereum into HelbizCoin;

A built-in wallet to store and use the tokens easily;

Templates of smart contracts to allow vehicle  

owners to share their assets;

Templates of smart contracts for data providers to 

set the rules and the level of reward they are will-

ing to offer to data owners, whilst the latter retains 

control to cancel the contracts or edit permissions.



9

H O W  I T  W O R K S

3 .  T E R M S

2 .  V E R I F I C AT I O N

1 .  B R O W S E  C A R S

5 .  PAY M E N T

4 .  D R I V E

Access to mobile application to search for 

available vehicles nearby;

The system will guide you through the verification 

of your digital identity. At the same time, the vehi-

cle owner will need to verify their identity as well;

You will then have to accept the terms and condi-

tions, such as the fare and duration of the rental, 

and purchase an insurance policy covering the 

trip, through an immutable intelligent contract;

Once the terms and conditions have been agreed 

and the smart contract has been verified, your 

smartphone will have remote key access;

The payment for the service will be deducted di-

rectly from your digital wallet and will be trans-

ferred to the owner of the vehicle at the end of 

the trip.

HOW IT WORKS



10

H E L B I Z  U S AG E  C A S E  /  T E C H  O V E R V I E W

Helbiz proposes an interconnection with a range of sophisticated services specific to the vehicle owners, trans-

port partners, and external services. We also solve a series of security and privacy issues i.e. location detection 

or direct remote control. In particular, by using blockchain technology it is possible to identify many solutions to 

these challenges. We propose an architecture based on securing privacy for users, increasing the safety of the 

vehicle’s ecosystem and expanding the market to all independent operators.

The data provided by the vehicles holds confidential information, such as location, and therefore can open new pri-

vacy challenges. The conventional methods of security and privacy used in smart vehicles tend to be ineffective due 

to the following challenges:

• Centralization: the current architecture of “smart” vehicles is based centralized models of mediated  

 communication in which all vehicles are identified, authenticated, authorized and connected through  

 central servers in the cloud. It is unlikely that this model will scale as there is a large number of vehicles  

 connected. In addition, servers in the cloud will continue to be so bottleneck and a single point of error that  

 can annoy the entire network.

•  Lack of privacy: most of today’s secure communication architectures do not take the user’s 

 privacy into account, they resort to the exchange of all vehicle data without the owner’s permission or reveal  

 noisy or summarized data to the applicant. However, in several applications for smart vehicles, the  

 applicant needs accurate vehicle data to provide personalized services.

• Security threats: Smart vehicles have an increasing number of autonomous functions. A malfunction due to a 

 security breach (for example, during the installation of a malicious SW) could cause serious accidents that  

 endanger the safety of passengers and other road users who are very close.

Privacy & security



11

Application Conventional Methods Advantages introduced by Helbiz Platform

Market 
Management

Centralized – not scalable

Partial participation – not addressing the full 
chain 

Lack of privacy: a direct link between the 
vehicle and App Mgt System can compromise 
the driver’s privacy (e.g., driver behavior or 
location)

Only App Mgt System can verify     communi-
cations or history of update downloads/com-
munications

Distributed data exchange and security pro-
vide scalability

End-to-end:   involving   SP,   OEMs,   vehicles, 
service centers, insurances etc

Ensure privacy of the user (also for diagnos-
tics)

Update history as well as authenticity of the 
SW can be publicly verified

Insurance Current systems are often unsafe, which puts 
the integrity of the vehicle at risk

Users have no control over the data ex-
changed

Privacy sensitive data must be sent continu-
ously to the insurance company to receive the 
services

Safe and distributed data exchange that pre-
serves privacy 

Users control the data exchanged confidential 
data is shared on demand (for example, an 
incident) rather than a continuous exchange of 
data

The authenticity of the data stored in the 
users’ wallet can be confirmed in a transparent 
manner on the blockchain

Car-Sharing 
services

Central payment and accounting

Users can be monitored by their identity
Central authorization

The location and behavior (e.g., using a specif-
ic charger on a specific day) of the user can be 
tracked

Private  and  decentralized  security,  pay-
ments  and accounting

Users use changeable identities

Distributed authorization

User  data  such  as  location  information  
remain private

Table 1. A summary of Helbiz Blockchain based Platform advantages compared to conventional methods

H E L B I Z  A D VA N TAG E  C O M PA R I S O N

Helbiz advantage comparison



12

Giving users ownership of the data they produce is increasingly important in terms of greater capacity to col-

lect and analyze data from people. In light of this challenge, Helbiz further proves how blockchain technology 

can allow privacy, trust among parties and eliminate various forms of fraud. Through recording and constantly 

updating all data of a particular vehicle; such as mileage, damage history and GPS data and protecting it in the 

blockchain, it prevents for example odometer & title washing fraud.

Our users own and control their data, while ensuring complete integrity. This facilitates certification of those 

data and enables a new kind of “mobility data marketplace” where Helbiz aims to provide users with seamless 

options through the application to share their data with 3rd parties in exchange for tokens.

DATA  O W N E R S H I P

Figure: High Level Architecture of Helbiz Mobility Platform

USER A SELL
DATA

SELL
DATA

BUY
DATA

BUY
DATA

RECEIVE 
HELBIZ 
TOKENS

RECEIVE 
HELBIZ 
TOKENS

SPEND 
HELBIZ 
TOKENS

SPEND 
HELBIZ 
TOKENS

INSURANCE A

USER B
INSURANCE BSMART  

 CONTRACT



13

THE SCENARIO
In this scenario, no central authority is needed to agree on transaction terms, verify payments or screen  

participants’ identities as all that would be handled by the distributed ledger technology underlying the transaction.

S C E N A R I O

SCENARIO

1

Smart Contract

TRANSACTION SCENARIO

PaymentVerification Shareability

A smart contract verifies the following conditions: 

ownership of vehicle, willingness to share it with 

customers meeting the minimum reputation score, 

and specific conditions of the vehicles availability;

The renter will have the option to share his data 

and be rewarded accordingly;

The contract will also facilitate payment using Hel-

bizCoin, a dedicated currency for the purpose, that 

will allow participants to avoid financial transaction 

fees coming from the use of money in a tradition-

al ecosystem – for instance, the fees we pay to  

Mastercard and Visa.

Any individual wishing to rent a vehicle needs to 

meet these criteria, then unlocking the doors for 

rental, and then allowing the start of  the engine;

1 3

4

2

$



14

R E G I S T E R  /  I D E N T I T Y  /  S H A R E  DATA

To create an account on the Helbiz Mobility System, vehicle owners must register and receive verification in 

order to be able to show their vehicle on the platform.

As a data owner you will probably want to know who is accessing and using your data, what is it being used for, 

and if you are rewarded for the value you provide. 

Once registered and verified, they will be able to share  

various information with potential renters (e.g. general info, 

vehicle address and images, reviews) through a public profile. 

Helbiz Mobility System will also provide a private dashboard 

to manage all information, actions, orders, transactions and 

connection with other users..

Vehicle renters will have the option to share different levels 

of their personal data choosing the preferred privacy settings 

through their private dashboard. 

By using Blockchain to map virtual identities, you can create a 

trusted community of users. Smart contracts add an additional 

layer of privacy by tokenizing recorded data and personal in-

formation. This personal information could be encrypted and 

viewable only by parties that have either the legal right to do 

so or are participating in the transactions. The immutability 

of data further prevents fraud. In the near-future Blockchain 

gives near-real-time insight into where and how data is be-

ing used. The transparency of realized value combined with 

micro-payments opens opportunities for granular value-based 

pricing of data. The Helbiz Platform Blockchain Module can 

store vehicle usage data and information about vehicle own-

ers, drivers and passengers. This profile information can help 

validate a smart contract between two parties and manage the 

payment of services between them without the need for a fi-

nancial intermediary, thus saving transaction fees. The system 

can also provide connectivity to vehicle functions for remote 

lock / unlock doors and engine start / stop.

New models for insurance services could be originated by the 

Blockchain technology applied to mobility services. Currently, 

the amount that consumers pay for coverage depends to a 

large extent on how the insurance company spreads the risk 

among a large group of different customers and requests, a 

price model that is not particularly personalized. Blockchain 

will allow insurance based on usage, where the amount paid 

by each individual will be based on the real use of the vehicle.

Register & Verify Identity

Share Data

Data Consumers (Insurance Example)



15

C O N V E R T  &  U S E  H E L B I Z  C O I N

Discover and Connect with the ecosystem

Helbiz Mobility System will not only  

allow users not only to find vehicles avail-

able on their platform, but also to search 

and review different service providers ac-

cepting HelbizCoin as a form of payment.  

Users can also connect with 3rd  

parties willing to reward them for access 

to their data. At the same time, service 

providers will be able to publish their 

offering, create and send direct market-

ing campaigns and request feedback.

Helbiz Mobility System will allow users 

to convert major cryptocurrencies into 

HelbizCoin at the current exchange rate, 

while the built-in wallet will allow every 

registered user to easily manage and 

store HelbizCoin tokens without external 

services. 

Users will be able to convert major cryp-

tocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ether, Lite-

coin, Dash and ERC20 tokens into Hel-

bizCoin with the aim to add an increasing 

number of cryptocurrencies and also fiat 

currencies in the future. 

Smart contracts being computer  

protocols designed to facilitate, 

verify, or enforce the negotiation or 

performance of a specific set of rules  

are ideal to facilitate the automation  

of  peer-to-peer vehcle sharing. The 

Ethereum blockchain specifically allows

the registration and execution 

of smart contracts in a secure 

and decentralized way. 

Implementing smart contracts in the trans-

portation sector adds a layer of security 

and effectiveness, allowing the transfer 

of funds and data only to expected recip-

ients and if specific conditions are met.

Helbiz Mobility Ecosystem will pro-

vide vehicle owners and service 

providers with templates of smart 

contracts that can be easily cus-

tomizable with the click of a button.

Easily deploy smart contracts

CONVERT & USE 
HELBIZ COIN



16

H E L B I Z  E C O N O M I C  M O D E L

THE HELBIZ 
ECONOMIC MODEL
In order to deliver a viable business model for the long term, we establish HelbizCoin to be a pay-per-use 

model for getting onto the Helbiz Mobility System or for using services available on the platform. Helbiz will 

drive revenues through tools and services on the Helbiz Mobility System.

According to our long-term view, we foresee few revenue streams:

1. Commission from the price the end user is paying for the rental, a fraction of current car sharing services;

2. Commission from the price the service providers are paying directly to the users to share their data;

3. “Exchange” fees for using the internal exchange to convert major cryptocurrencies into HelbizCoin;

4. Commission on the digital locks;

5. Other services for the car owners. The company has access to a lot of data (e.g. usage, status) that may

 be using to sell additional services to the vehicle owners (e.g. time to check the brakes).

A Blockchain community ecosystem combined with a token needed to access services aligns incentives and 

generate much more participation in the platform. The products and services becomes more useful as more 

users join the system and require and use tokens.



17

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
• New car owners, car rentals, ownerships & 

veichle manufacturers on Helbiz platform

• Educate all actors involved on the use of 

the platform and ongoing support

• Secure partnerships  with other Blockchain 

players to increase token useability

• Collaborate with insurance companies to 

develop programs based on Helbiz

• Development of the Helbiz platform 

according to product roadmap

•    PR & Marketing to raise:

          •    Project awareness

          •    Token’s adoption

•    Build local community

48% sold to public as crowdsale 

25%  held in reserve by Helbiz to fund 
future user growth fund and expansion

10% Advisors and Early Backers

10% team

4% Pre-sale

3% Bounty Program

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MARKETING LEGAL

USE OF FUNDS:

TOKEN ALLOCATION

40% 35% 20% 5%

TO K E N  S A L E

In order to further develop the platform, Helbiz will conduct a token generation event that will offer 520.000.000 

HBZ tokens of the 1 billion total supply. The funds raised will be used for development of the Helbiz platform, 

business development; onboarding new car owners, rentals, dealerships, collaborate with insurrance and  

PR & Marketing companies to raise project awareness, token usability while at the same time building a  

strong local community. 

TOKEN GENERATION



18

TO K E N  S A L E

The initial generation of HelbizCoin is programmed by a smart contract running on Ethereum and will be distributed as follows:

• 4% of HBZ tokens (40M) will be sold during the pre-sale and will be transferable when crowdsale ends;

• 48% of HBZ tokens (480M) will be sold during the crowdsale and will be transferable when crowdsale ends;

• 10% of HBZ tokens (100M) will be allocated to the team and will be vested for 12 months;

• 10% of HBZ tokens (100M) will be allocated to early backers and advisors that have contributed to the project’s success.  

• 25% of HBZ tokens (250M) will be allocated to an User Growth Fund to incentivize HelbizCoin adoption and bootstrap  

 the ecosystem;

• 3% of HBZ tokens (30M) will be used to eventually create a bounty program. Unused token will be reallocated to the 

 User Growth Fund.

Symbol         HBZ

Maximum supply       1,000,000,000 HBZ

Type         ERC20

Price in pre-sale        1 ETH = 8,000 HBZ

Price ICO        1 ETH = 6000 HBZ

Pre-sale period        01/26/2018 - 02/14/2018

Crowdsale period       02/15/2018 - 03/04/2018

Minimum Cap        5,000 ETH

Maximum Cap (including pre-sale)     62,500 ETH

TO K E N  D E TA I L S



19

N AT I V E  TO K E N

International payments without authorization, open to the world: HELBIZ opens the technology of car & data shar-

ing to a whole world of stackholders. To guarantee fair and non-discriminatory access, a single token is required that is 

not connected to any external economy. Any trust currency would create barriers for those who can not use that cur-

rency and make the sharing economy of HELBIZ vulnerable to manipulation by the economy that backs that currency.

A Scalable Transaction Infrastructure, for the Car & Data Sharing Economy: To enable a true sharing economy, a scala-

ble transaction infrastructure is required. Current networks (Bitcoin, Ethereum), at this moment, cannot support the 

transaction volume required, but we believe that Ethereum in the “near” future will be scalable (see Sharding project)

The choice to create a native token for Helbiz transactions is not casual. A hard-coded economic logic can create 

immense value, but has risks. If the economic logic is well designed, it drives rapid growth. If poorly designed, it could 

create friction in the product. The conclusion of our careful analysis was that only a native token allows HELBIZ to 

optimize for the 3 desired objectives. It creates a car & data market that makes transactions uniform, guarantees inter-

national access and encourages network growth, a native token and an optimized economic model for a “car & data” 

market. 

Network Incentivization via Inflationary Rewards with Decentralized Regulation: Inflationary rewards let the network reward 

participation in a psychologically frictionless way. The only other way to reward participation is through taxation of others, 

which creates immense psychological burdens for users. This creates a detrimental product User Experience (UX) and  

weakens incentives to grow the network.

NATIVE TOKEN

Scaleability for Transactions

Network Incentivization

Underlying Reasoning



20 20

The HELBIZ token is straightforwardly a utility token, with a core purpose of be-

ing used to buy and sell car service and users data carried out by decentralized 

software wrapped in HELBIZ APP, so it has mainly consumptive use.

This token can be acquired during the token generation event, and will also 

be distributed after the token generation event, to participants in the evolving 

economy. The release of HELBIZ tokens after the initial token issuance event  

will occur via a schedule which can be modulated via democratic governance  

in the future.

H E L B I Z  TO K E N

HELBIZ TOKEN (HBZ)

Salvatore Palella
Co-Founder & CEO

Salvatore Palella



21

O P E R AT I O N A L  T I M E L I N E

ROADMAP

LAUNCHING

INTEGRATION

PRIVATE ALPHA

BETA VERSION

PUBIC VERSIONQ2 2019

Q1 2019

Q3 2018

Q2 2018

Q1 2018
Launching the token pre-sale and crowdsale (ICO) and getting listed 

on a top exchange. MVP of Helbiz marketplace and launch of opera-

tions in NY (Jersey City).

Initial integration of the blockchain system for payments.

R&D for wallet and reward system.

Helbiz app operations established in NY.

Private Alpha allowing data owners to share and sell their data.

Helbiz app expansion to a second city in US.

Beta version of wallet, exchange and reward system.

Helbiz app expansion in 4 additional cities in US.

Version 1.0 of Helbiz Platform online.



22

T E A M

THE TEAM

Founder

Salvatore Palella

President & founder of Helbiz inc. brings a 

decade experience in finance & investments.

Co-Founder

Michele Di Buono 

+15 years in development and management 

of ICT startups and large companies, senior 

innovations manager in Cybersecurity 

strategic projects and expert in Public funds.

Co-Founder

Armando Calvosa

A serial entrepreneur, crypto expert and 

founder of an established digital marketing 

firm specializing in and advising blockchain 

startups and ICO’s.

Co-Founder

Milos Citakovic

Milos brings a decade of experience building 

consumer facing technology products and is 

in charge of product development.  

President Blockchain operations

Jus$n Giuliano

Experienced fin-tech consultant with over 8 

years of financial services, technology, 

blockchain and management consulting 

experience working for a global consultancy.

Strategic & Creative Director

Jonathan Hannestad

Entrepreneur with a creative tech 

background; has created & executed 

strategies to everything from startups to 

globally recognized brands & tech companies. 

Singapore Advisor

Stefano Ciravegna

Entrepreneur, C level advisor, former private 

equity investor, with several years of 

experience in marrying traditional asset 

classes with blockchain technology.

Strategic Advisor

Michael Coppola

Former Vice President at TouchTunes, 

professional advanced technologies 

developer, advertising business data expert

Head of Engineering

Nemanja Stancic

Nemanja is the head of engineering and 

software development. He has over a vast 

experience in building scalable platform.

Head of Growth

Elia Fedorovski 

Elia is in charge of operations, business 

development and making sure Helbiz grows 

quickly while maintaining the highest quality.

Community Manager

Jelena Stojanac

Jelena is in charge of supporting and growing 

our community.

Head of Engineering

Nemanja Stancic

Nemanja is the head of engineering and 

software development. He has over a vast 

experience in building scalable platform.

Head of Growth

Elia Fedorovski 

Elia is in charge of operations, business 

development and making sure Helbiz grows 

quickly while maintaining the highest quality.

Community Manager

Jelena Stojanac

Jelena is in charge of supporting and growing 

our community.

Head of Engineering

Nemanja Stancic

Nemanja is the head of engineering and 

software development. He has over a vast 

experience in building scalable platform.

Head of Growth

Elia Fedorovski 

Elia is in charge of operations, business 

development and making sure Helbiz grows 

quickly while maintaining the highest quality.

Community Manager

Jelena Stojanac

Jelena is in charge of supporting and growing 

our community.

Founder

Salvatore Palella

President & founder of Helbiz inc. brings a 

decade of experience in finance & 

investments.

Strategic & Creative Director

Jonathan Hannestad

Entrepreneur with a creative tech 

background; has created & executed 

strategies for everything from startups to 

globally recognized brands & tech companies. 

Co-Founder

Armando Calvosa

A serial entrepreneur, crypto expert and 

founder of an established digital marketing 

firm specializing in and advising blockchain 

startups and ICO’s.

General Advisor

Michele De Buono 

+15 years in development and management 

of ICT startups and large companies, senior 

innovations manager in Cybersecurity 

strategic projects and expert in Public funds.

Business operator, investor, advisor. A decade 

experience in mobile & enterprise technology. 

Held leadership roles with $200M+ exits, & 

raised over $100M in capital for startups. 

President Blockchain operations

Jus$n Giuliano

Experienced fin-tech consultant with over 8 

years of financial services, technology, 

blockchain and management consulting 

experience working for a global consultancy.

Strategic & Creative Director

Jonathan Hannestad

Entrepreneur with a creative tech 

background; has created & executed 

strategies to everything from startups to 

globally recognized brands & tech companies. 

Singapore Advisor

Stefano Ciravegna

Entrepreneur, C level advisor, former private 

equity investor, with several years of 

experience in marrying traditional asset 

classes with blockchain technology.

Strategic Advisor

Michael Coppola

Former Vice President at TouchTunes, 

professional advanced technologies 

developer, advertising business data expert

President Blockchain operations

Jus$n Giuliano

Experienced fin-tech consultant with over 8 

years of financial services, technology, 

blockchain and management consulting 

experience working for a global consultancy.

Strategic & Creative Director

Jonathan Hannestad

Entrepreneur with a creative tech 

background; has created & executed 

strategies to everything from startups to 

globally recognized brands & tech companies. 

Singapore Advisor

Stefano Ciravegna

Entrepreneur, C level advisor, former private 

equity investor, with several years of 

experience in marrying traditional asset 

classes with blockchain technology.

Strategic Advisor

Michael Coppola

Former Vice President at TouchTunes, 

professional advanced technologies 

developer, advertising business data expert

Crypto Advisor

Stefano Ciravegna

Entrepreneur, C level advisor, former private 

equity investor, with several years of 

experience in marrying traditional asset 

classes with blockchain technology.

Investor & Advisor

Giulio Profumo

Fin-tech advisor, with over 8 years of 

experience in financial services, blockchain 

and technology.

RHT LAW is Helbiz Singapore-qualified legal counsel.  
A copy of the legal opinion issued in support thereof may be obtained from Helbiz upon request.



23

SALVATORE PALELLA
FOUNDER & CEO

23

“ “
Helbiz will revolutionize the 
transportation industry by 
decentralizing the sharing 
economy & giving personal  
control to the user 



24

            EMAIL          coin@helbiz.com  

       WEBSITE        helbizcoin.io

      ADDRESS         19 Cecil Street #04-01,  

  Singapore, Singapore

DATE ISSUED 02.02.2018

INSTAGRAM          @HelbizOfficial                    FACEBOOK          /HelbizOfficial                    TWITTER          @HelbizOfficial


