











































1

 HERO (PLAY) ICO WHITEPAPER 

REVOLUTIONIZING 
ONLINE BETTING

V
_0

4,
 c

on
te

nt
 s

ub
je

ct
 to

 c
ha

ng
e



2

ABOUT HEROSPHERE
Since starting our project in 2014 – née ‘thesocialbet – bet friends. not bookies’ – we’ve 
pursued the objective to change the nature of online betting. The original and inherent 
social character of a bet is lost when it comes to online betting. With online betting provi-
ders a sports fan is set up against a professional: the bookmaker. Our aim is to cut out the 
middleman and provide a system that enables users to challenge other sports enthusiasts 
head to head, without the interference of bookmakers.

In July 2016 we‘ve rebranded our project to herosphere.gg (‘herosphere’) solely focusing 
on prediction games for esports. So far over 200,000 users registered on herosphere and 
more than 1,000 users stream in every day. herosphere provides the possibility for esports 
enthusiasts all over the world to compete against the community or their friends and prove 
their knowledge about professional esports games.

With a passionate team and lead investors from the payment and online entertainment 
sector behind herosphere, we are ready to take our platform and the online betting com-
munity to the next level by introducing our cryptocurrency: HERO (PLAY).

The mission of HERO is as simple as it is powerful: establishing a new level of trust, trans-
parency and security, yet unknown in the world of online betting



3

ABSTRAcT
At herosphere.gg we love gaming. Our team consists of (e)sports enthusiasts, that‘s why 
we enjoy com-peting and challenging like-minded people. Therefore, we developed an 
innovative betting platform for esports events. 

Nowadays, sports betting has a bad reputation. One reason for the bad reputation is the 
existence of fraudulent providers. Another one is that bookmakers operate on high mar-
gins, taking money out of the users’ pockets. Their revenue stream is their users’ loss. For 
more than 15 years the system of online betting has not changed and the market suffers 
from a lack of innovation. A high amount of untrustworthy and off-shore providers has lo-
wered the trust of people in the current betting market. It is never completely guaranteed 
that users receive their winnings. All these problems have one common ground—cent-
ralization. Centralized systems create excessive risks for users like exploitation of user 
data, prohibitive legal regulations, vulnerability to manipulation and denial of withdrawals. 
That is where the blockchain and the HERO (‘PLAY’) come into place. HERO´s solution is 
a decentralized betting system that will bring transparency and trustless betting to all 
sports fans around the world. HERO is designed as a decentralized ERC20 token on the 
Ethereum blockchain, which supports point-based pooling systems. Different to today’s 
online betting, HERO creates a fully transparent network, allowing a natural expansion by 
its own community. Single users can become providers and are rewarded for their effort 
in HERO. On top of that, all HERO holders will receive a general reward of every pot that is 
played. A win-win situation. The smart contracts of HERO are designed to not only enable 
decentralized betting, but to manage whole contests without a middleman. With HERO, 
there is no need of bookmakers anymore. 

The first use case of a HERO-implementation will be herosphere, but HERO is intended to 
far beyond our own platform. It is designed so any existing provider can implement HERO 
and emerging providers can build their systems on the HERO network and community. In 
addition to the fact that this system creates new revenue streams for everyone in the com-
munity and helps to grow the network, it enables also a natural increase in the value of 
HERO due to its limited supply. There is a reason why betting persisted throughout socie-
ties for hundreds of years—it is a lot of fun! WE bring it to the next level with HERO. 

 
Initial coin offering

Initial Coin Offer of up to 600 million Ethereum-based „HERO“ tokens

byte heroes GmbH, a limited liability company pursuant to Austrian laws, ha-
ving its registered seat at Sieben-brunnengasse 17/7, 1050 Vienna, Austria (the 
„Developer“) intends to offer for exchange up to 600 million units of a new Ethe-
reum-based token named „HERO“ (ticker „PLAY“) during a limited offer period 
(the „Offer Period“) starting 14 September 2017 (the „Initial Coin Offer“, „ICO“ or 



4

„crowdsale“). The ICO will have a hard cap at USD 14m. HEROs are not securities 
and do not carry with them any rights as may be commonly associated with securi-
ties. HEROs are tokens based on the Ethereum-platform intended for online betting 
and gaming that reward coin holders for playing across multiple online betting and 
gaming platforms.

This whitepaper („Whitepaper“) gives an overview of certain aspects of the HERO 
and its intended use. This Whitepaper and the information stated herein is not le-
gally binding. The Initial Coin Offering is only made on the basis of a separate docu-
ment, the Token Offer Document which will be published alongside this Whitepaper. 
This Whitepaper does not constitute an offer of HEROs nor an invitation for an offer 
to exchange any amount of Ether for HEROs.

The Developer intends to have HERO listed on a number of virtual currency exch-
anges. Due to the properties and mechanics of the HERO as described herein, the 
Developer also aims to have the market value of HERO increase over time. However, 
there is no guarantee that an increase in the market value can be achieved by the 
Developer.

If you decide to participate in the Initial Coin Offering as a form of investment, the De-
veloper expressly warns you that an investment in HERO carries a high degree of risk. For 
a description of the risks associated, see the chapter „RISK FACTORS“ in the Token Offer 
Document.  
 

Forward-Looking Statements

This Whitepaper contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statem-
ent is a statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. The forward-looking 
statements are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts 
not yet determinable or foreseeable. Such forward-looking statements are identified by 
the use of terms and phrases such as „anticipate“, „believe“, „could“, „estimate“, „expect“, 
„intend“, „plan“, „predict“, „project“, „will“ and similar terms, including references and 
assumptions. 

This applies, in particular, to statements in this Whitepaper containing information on 
future developments of the HERO, plans and expectations regarding the acceptance of 
the HERO in the market or its growth of value. Forward-looking statements are based on 
current estimates and assumptions that the Developer makes to the best of its present 
knowledge. 

Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors 
which could cause actual developments to differ materially from and be worse than expec-
ted or assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. Accordingly, any per-
sons interested in participating in the Initial Coin Offering is strongly advised to read the 
chapter „RISK FACTORS“ in the Coin Offer Document. This chapter includes more detailed 
descriptions of factors that might have a negative impact on herosphere and the HERO. In 
light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this White-
paper may not occur.



5

TABLE OF cONTENTS
1. THE PROJECT 6
1.1 Basic Information  6

1.2 Corporate Structure  6

1.3 Contact Details   6

2. BusinEss AREA And TREnds 7
2.1 General information  7

2.2 esports   8

2.3 Sports Betting  10

2.4 esports Gambling  11

2.5 Future Opportunities  11

3. THE HERO sYsTEM And THE HERO COin 13
3.1 Use of HERO  13

3.2 HERO and Rake-back-system  14

3.3 Technical Description  16

3.4 ICO process – technical view  22

4. iCO 24

5. usE OF HERO And PROCEEds  25
5.1 Ethereum Proceeds  25

5.2 Total Supply of HERO  26

6. ROAdMAP 27

7. TEAM 28
7.1 Management  28

7.2 Investors  30

7.3 Advisors  32



6

1. THE PROJEcT
2. Basic Information

byte heroes GmbH („the developer“) is a limited liability company pursuant to Austri-
an laws, registered with the Commercial Court of Vienna under registration number FN 
453848 z. The Developer has its corporate seat at Siebenbrunnengasse 17/7, 1050 Vienna, 
Austria. The Developer has developed the HERO Network and HERO, both as described in 
this Whitepaper.

2.1 Corporate Structure
As of the day of this Whitepaper, Mr. Paul Polterauer and Mr. Philip Peinsold act as mana-
ging directors (Geschäftsführer), having legal power to represent the Developer

2.2 Contact Details 
If you have questions regarding this Initial Coin Offer, the HERO Network or the HERO, you 
may contact the Developer via email (info@herocoin.io).

mailto:info%40herocoin.io?subject=


7

3. BUSINESS AREA ANd 
TRENdS
The following is a summary of the business area and trends that may affect the HERO Net-
work and HERO. The summary is based on publicly available information on the internet.

3.1 General information
The main business field of the Developer is esports. In particular, the Developer has cre-
ated and operates the social betting platform herosphere.gg. esports is a relatively young 
industry. Merely a couple of years ago, esports was mostly a community of video gamers 
who would gather at conventions to play competitive multiplayer computer games such as 
Counter Strike, DOTA 2, or League of Legends. For the year 2016, Deloitte Global has pre-
dicted that esports would generate global revenues of USD 500 million, up 25 percent from 
about USD 400 million in 2015. 

Media giants such as ESPN and Turner are broadcasting esports tournaments and compe-
titions. Going back to 2014, Amazon has acquired Twitch, the live streaming video platform 
that is the leader in online gaming broadcasts. Goldman Sachs valued esports at USD 500 
million in 2016 and expected the market to grow at 22 percent annually compounded over 
the next three years into a more than USD1 billion opportunity.

Industry statistics are backing this valuation and demonstrate the potential for massive 
earnings, e.g. when looking at Swedish media company Modern Times Group‘s USD 87 
million acquisition of Turtle Entertainment, the holding company for ESL Gaming. YouTube 
has made a big esports investment by signing a multiyear broadcasting deal with Faceit to 
stream the latter‘s esports championship series. Also, the NBA has made announcements 
to launch its own esports league in 2018.



8

3.2 esports 

3.2.1 Audience
esport is a rapidly growing market. In 2016, more than 255 million people watched esports. 
The number of esport enthusiasts is anticipated to continue growing by a CAGR (compound 
average growth rate) of over 10 percent for the next years. In 2014, the number of esports 
enthusiasts was on the same level as ice hockey, for 2018 it is anticipated that esports will 
overtake American Football.

Source: Newzoo 2016 Global Esports Market Report. (YoY = year over year)



9

3.2.2 Global Revenue
The global esports market generated more than USD 460 million in revenue in 2016, and is 
anticipated by Newzoo to grow to USD 1.1 billion by 2019. This is even more optimistic as 
the numbers stated above by Goldman Sachs. North America alone comprises 38 percent 
of the market as NA continues to rapidly invest in the space. The revenue for esports is 
expected to grow by a CAGR of more than 40 percent. The definition of the esports market 
by Newzoo, includes the 5 following categories (esports betting and fantasy not included): 

•	 Media rights

•	 Merchandise and tickets

•	 Online advertising

•	 Brand partnership

•	 Additional game publisher investment

Source: Newzoo 2016 Global Esports Market Report.

If betting and fantasy are included, the esports market amounted to more than USD 700 
million in 2015 and is forecasted to grow to over USD 1.9 billion in 20181.  

1 Stephanie Llamas / James Ravon, Esports Market Brief Update 2015 2016 in SuperData Research (2015). 



10

3.2.3 esports vs. traditional sports
Comparing esports and traditional sports makes sense to a certain extent. As the esports 
economy matures, it draws more advertisers and increases its merchandise and ticke-
ting revenues directly from consumers, the average annual revenue per fan is expected 
to continue to rise towards the level of traditional sports. For 2016, a revenue of USD 3.50 
per esports fan was anticipated. This is still almost five times lower than that of basketball 
(USD 15.00 per year) but up from USD 2.20 in 2014. Using a conservative scenario, the an-
nual average revenue per esports fan is estimated to rise to a level between USD 6.00 and 
USD 11.00 by 2019.

Source: Newzoo 2016 Global Esports Market Report.

3.3 Sports Betting
Online betting is a large, fast growing and segmented market. The development and evolu-
tion of new technologies have made a considerable impact on the operation of, and inter-
action between, every sector of the global economy. The impact upon the betting industry 
has been no different in that regard, opening new product platforms and access to a wider 
consumer base due to the growth of new technologies. Online gambling on computer and 
mobile devices is considered the growth driver of the market. Mobile casino, live betting 
and mobile betting are expected to have the biggest growth potential in terms of gross ga-
ming revenue (stakes less winnings) over the next twelve months and are also anticipated 
to have big potential for the following years.

Global online betting is a massive market, with estimated high USD 100s of billions of 



11

figures wagered through regulated markets, and some estimates show that ten times 
that volume goes through un-regulated markets. Companies such as bwin or William Hill 
make over USD 1 billion in revenue yearly. esports cash gambling (e.g., betting on esports 
matches) is expected to grow from USD 600 million (2016 total amount wagered on cash 
gambling sites) to USD 11 billion in 2020 which is a growth by a factor of twenty within only 
four years.

3.4 esports Gambling
As noted above, cash gambling on esports is anticipated to grow by factor of twenty wit-
hin the next three years. Another substantial market for the Developer is so called ‚skin 
gambling*‘ where players use game items as currency. Depending on which report is 
considered, skin gambling is estimated to over USD 6 billion worth of skins. The market 
for skin gambling is distributed across a handful of dominant products. Sportsbook-style 
betting (wagers on esports matches) is the largest vertical. The second most popular are 
jackpot-style games, essentially lotteries where players receive tickets based on the value 
of their deposited skins. Simple forms of roulette games, coin flip games, and blackjack 
games make up much of the remaining turnover. In terms of market participants, the skin 
gambling industry grew quickly from a handful to hundreds of sites in the course of a year. 
The vast majority of those sites were variations on the basic jackpot product theme. These 
sites have seen a significant in-crease in popularity, yet the majority seem to operate wi-
thout any of the safeguards that are put in place to protect consumers. Over the last year, 
some skin gambling sites have been forced to shut down or change their business models 
in the face of mounting pressure from game developers and law enforcement.

* ”Skin” hereby refers to different colours and shapes displayed on in-game items such as 
player characters and/or items, most notably weapons.

3.5 Future Opportunities
Since the start of its project in 2014, the Developer pursues the objective to change the na-
ture of online betting. The originally inherent social character of a bet is lost when it comes 
to online betting. At online betting providers, a sports fan must challenge the bookmaker, 
a lay person bets against a professional. The aim of the Developer is to provide a system 
that enables players to challenge other sports enthusiasts on the same level.

Through blockchain technology, the Developer has the opportunity to cut out the middle-
man and provide a system without odds and bookmakers. The Developer strives to create a 
new level of security and trust in the betting industry. The HERO Network will enable peop-
le to compete against others with complete transparency, trust and security. 

The HERO Network can be used for any kind of pooling, betting, fantasy, or poker systems. 
HERO is used as a virtual currency for the HERO Network. The first use case for HERO 
will be the platform herosphere.gg of the Developer, which focuses on esports. The glo-
bal esports market is growing prodigiously, with a CAGR of 37 percent. Cash gambling on 
esports is anticipated to grow even by a factor of twenty within the next three years. The 
Developer anticipates that over five million people will use HERO in less than two years on 
the platform herosphere.gg alone. Additionally, the Developer will work to establish HERO 
on as many online betting platforms as possible in order to establish fair, transparent and 



12

trustless gaming globally.

A trustless system is a combination of mechanics that allows for two or more parties to 
interact with another and fulfill contracts without having to trust any opposing party. This 
allows for private and business transactions between parties without having to fear for 
money or product loss and without a need to trust the opposing party. On the blockchain 
this is done using so-called “smart contracts”, which are programmed descriptions of the 
conditions each party has to fulfill in order to receive their part of the deal. For betting a 
trustless system would solve all the problems with current betting providers: Get rid of 
middle-men and other parties that could influence the results and rely only on what you 
can doublecheck and proofread yourself. No need to trust anyone, because the blockchain 
takes care of that for you.



13

4. THE HERO SYSTEM 
ANd THE HERO
4.1 Use of HERO
HERO is a crypto currency to be used in connection with the HERO Network („HERO Net-
work“). The HERO Network is a decentralized pooling system that allows predicting fu-
ture events in a cus-tomized game atmosphere. Different to today‘s betting system, the 
Developer has created a fully transparent system allowing a natural expansion by its own 
community creating games (Contests) on top of the HERO Network. This new decentralized 
model gives back a part of the rake to the community to let users participate on HEROs 
success.  In designing the HERO Network, the Developer has strived to address the follo-
wing issues that the market for esports betting currently faces. 

4.1.1 Pain (Current Betting Systems)
Unfair conditions - “The House” always wins  
Online sports betting and esports betting is a fast growing and highly segmented market. 
Currently, there are many actors who only slightly differ in their offers. Most well-known 
betting websites exclusively offer fixed odds. In the process betting providers or bookies 
collect high margins and players lose their money. This system is based on the business 
model of bookmakers which only allows revenue for the company if the user loses.

Transparency and trust issues 
In the opinion of the Developer, today‘s betting system is neither transparent nor trustful. 
Nobody can accurately track how much money is poured into the system or how the odds 
are created. Additionally, no one can fully guarantee payout, even if you technically won 
a bet. There are scam sites on the market that are known for declining payouts and even 
well-known betting providers ban professional players.

Lost social character 
A bet itself has historically seen a very social character which was unfortunately lost in the 
last decades, especially in the age of the online betting boom. Players bet solely against 
companies and anonymous bookmakers, rather than with their friends and colleagues. 
Bookmakers offer unfair odds and leave users with the feeling of money having been sto-
len from one’s pocket.

Vulnerability to manipulation 
Online betting is frequently involved in scandals due to manipulation. One of the reasons is 
definitely the centralised characteristic of today’s betting providers. Centralized systems 
are perfect targets for attacks from inside and outside.



14

4.1.2 Solution (the HERO Network)
Inspired by the above stated observations, the Developer has created a system that could 
potentially lead to a solution for some of the most pressing issues. 

What if the community becomes the middleman? 

Here‘s where the blockchain technology comes in place. The HERO Network allows peer-
2peer predictions of the outcome of games to take place independent of middlemen, such 
as bookkeepers or betting providers. The system relies on an innovative pooling system 
that makes it possible for players to challenge their friends or the community directly ins-
tead of using the services of bookmakers. The objective is to revolutionize the monotonous 
betting market and to bring back the lost social thought of betting.

The Ethereum blockchain allows for the creation of smart contracts that run business 
logic autonomously in the blockchain. These smart contracts enable secure and reliable 
processing of the games created and the transaction structure behind them. In order to 
join contests, players have to pay a buy-in. Payouts are processed automatically by the 
smart contract on the Ethereum blockchain. HERO serve as the currency for these games. 
All HERO transactions as well as all games created are publicly verifiable, viewable, re-
sistant to counterfeit, and not subject to the risk of institutional processing.

Additionally, the decentralized model reduces transaction and operating costs which gives 
the HERO Network not only an advantage over centralized competitors in safety and trans-
parency but also enables the Developer and other providers of online betting to run on 
lower margins than usually seen on traditional betting providers.

4.2 HERO and general reward system
The HERO is designed as a decentralized ERC20 token on the Ethereum blockchain allo-
wing for the exchange and interchange of a point-based pooling system with the purpose of 
betting on future events like major (e)sport matches or public engagements. These events 
are displayed in the form of prediction games and are held without interfering middleman. 
HERO will be used as a reward and incentive token in the participation of these events. 

All Coin Holders will be rewarded for holding HERO with a general reward mechanism 
hardcoded into the smart contract. The minimum reward is one percent of all the HERO 
volume played. 

Any person wishing to act as a provider can create a new contest in the HERO Network. 
Creating a contest is a function that allows betting on the outcome of an (e)sports (or 
other) event. Providers can enhance the HERO network with a variety of different contests 
and are able to set a customized percentage of their own reward. This “provider reward” is 
an incentive for community individuals to become providers and to compensate their ef-
forts for the creation of a contest. The provider itself is also able to offer incentives for his 
community by rewarding different actions with HERO. 

OurVision 
Introducing the HERO Network and HERO, the Developer aims to disrupt the online betting 
industry as we know it today. The Developer aims to shape the future of a trustless and 



15

transparent betting economy which enables it to bring back lost social dynamics and trust 
of today‘s betting systems. The HERO Network will first be implemented and tested on the 
Developer‘s own esports platform herosphere.gg where HERO will be exposed to an exis-
ting user base of over 200,000 active players. From there on, the Developer aims to expand 
the HERO Network rapidly and integrate it with other online betting providers and private 
Game Creators. The ultimate goal is to open up to everyone the possibility to create custo-
mized prediction games that are run and executed over the decentralized HERO Network. 

The above described general reward system opens new opportunities for existing and 
emerging com-munities. A Twitch streamer, for example, would be able to incentivise his 
or her existing viewers in customized private contests and would get rewarded through the 
HERO network itself for the creation of the contests. Thus, the HERO Network not only cre-
ates new streams of income for everyone helping to grow the network, but also the expan-
sion of the network itself increases the worth of each HERO because of its limited supply.

The economics underlying the HERO are chosen to benefit the community and the HERO 
Network, creating a natural demand on the open market and thereby a healthy growth of 
value. HERO is in-tended to be freely tradable and purchasable on an open market. The 
value of HERO will be de-termined by the market-variable exchange rate. In the future, 
coin holders can liquidate their holdings by trading them on a virtual currency exchange at 
any time.



16

4.3 Technical Description
The following part of this Coin Offer Document outlines a technical overview of how the 
HERO Network and the HERO work.

4.3.1 The Contest System
First, an overview of the relevant entities of the HERO Network is given. This is a simplified 
view of how the entities work together. The entities are described in the definitions below. 
After that you will find a detailed visualization and description of a possible process flow.

 
„Contest Interface“: The Contest Interface acts as pattern for Contest Implementations. It 
can be compared to abstract classes in programming languages. It implements common 
contest properties and interfaces that all Contest Implementations must include.

„Contest Implementation“: The Contest Implementation is a concrete implementation of 
the Contest Interface. It embodies an actual Contest (games) where Players participate. 
A Contest Implementation must implement all functionalities of the Contest Interface. It 
is deployed on the blockchain when a Provider creates the Contest. Thus, it is changeab-
le and extensible in the future. In its initial simplest form, it is responsible for the buy-in 

USER

CONTEST
INTERFACE

PROVIDER

CONTEST
IMPLEMENTATION

POT



17

and pay-out. Future implementations may decide the winners and pay-outs trustless and 
decentralized on their own.

„Provider“: A Provider offers a platform where Players can place their bets or predictions. 
The Provider creates (deploys) Contest Implementations on the blockchain and is able to 
manage them.

„Player“: The Player is a user of the platform of a Provider. He participates in Contests 
which a Provider offers.

„Pot“: The Pot is the sum of all buy-ins. It is stored within the Contest Implementation 
during the Contest. After the Contest is finished, it is paid out to the Players and Coin Hol-
ders.



18

4.3.2 Process Flow
The following graphic shows the process flow of how Contests, Providers and Players will 
use the HERO. Each process step is described in detail hereinafter.

 

Contest Creation 
A Provider can create new Contests. In order to do so, the Provider deploys a new Contest 
Implementation. Contests are implementations of the Contest Interface. The Contest Inter-
face defines that every Contest Instance must have a reward of at least 1.00 percent („Ge-
neral Reward“). The Contest Instances are exchangeable. This means that new Contest 
Implementations with new functionalities can be added later. That way, the long-term go-
als of the Developer can be reached step by step without the need of forking. In the future, 
the Developer intends to offer templates of Contest Implementations which fit the needs 
of different Providers. As a result, the HERO gets more and more use cases and fields of 
application. 

WINNER POT

GENERAL
 REWARD

PROVIDER 
REWARD

USER

Finish
contest

Create Contest

Do Buy-In

Transfer Buy-In

Trigger 
Buy-In

CONTEST
IMPLEMENTATION

CONTEST
IMPLEMENTATION

PROVIDER

USER
WALLET

1

2

3

4

5

CONTEST
INTERFACE
Minimum General 
Reward = 1%

CONTEST
IMPLEMENTATION

Create

Buy-In

Finish



19

During the setup of a Contest, the Provider has to specify the data, which is required for 
the Contest Implementation used. The first Contest Implementation will be rather simple 
and only needs the fol-lowing data:

•	 Wallet ID of the Provider;

•	 Buy-in callback address of the Provider;

•	 Provider reward (percentage of the Pot);

•	 General Reward (percentage of the Pot, at least 1.00 percent).

With this set of data, the Contest can handle the buy-ins and pay-outs of all Players.

Contest Joining 
If a Player wants to join a Contest, he or she triggers a buy-in at the Provider. The Provi-
der triggers the transaction on the wallet of the Player. The buy-in is transferred from the 
Player‘s wallet to the Contest Instance and is now part of the Pot. After the buy-in transac-
tion was successful, the Contest calls the buy-in callback address of the Provider. As a 
result, the Provider can guarantee that HERO are now in the Contest smart contract and 
the Player has certainly paid the buy-in. In the end, the Contest smart contract knows how 
many HERO are currently in the Pot and how many and which Players (wallet ID from buy-
in) are participating in the Contest.

Contest Finish and Pay-Out 
After the results of all bets of a Contest are known by the Provider, the Contest is finished. 
The Provider can interact now with the Contest smart contract to trigger the finish pro-
cess. After that, the smart contract divides the Pot into three different sub pots: 

a. „Provider Reward“: The Provider Reward is defined as a percentage of the Pot. It is 
set by the Provider who interacts with the Contest smart contract. It should be seen as 

reward for the effort a Provider had, similar to mining of bitcoins. After the Contest en-
ded, the Provider Reward is transferred to the Provider‘s wallet address, which is also 
provided at Contest setup.

Provider Reward = X Custom provider reward percentage
Pot

100



20

b. „General Reward“: The General Reward is the bonus for all Coin Holders. Every Cont-
est must pay out at least 1.00 percent of the Pot to all Coin Holders as General Reward. 
This is guaranteed by the Contest Interface. Therefore, the minimum General Reward 
is 1.00 but it can be set to a higher value by the Provider during Contest setup. A higher 
general reward can be used by providers to incentivize the community to participate in 
his contests. The Contest smart contract calculates how much of the General Reward 
each Coin Holder should receive. This is not an equal distribution. It is weighted by the 
amount of HERO the Coin Holder owns. The General Reward will be distributed immedi-
ately after the Contest ended. 

c. „Winnings“: The remaining part of the Pot are the Winnings. They are distributed to 
the winners of the Contest. In the first simple Contest Implementation, the Provider 
tells the Contest smart contract which wallet address should receive which amount 
of HERO. The Contest smart contract checks if the sum of the Winnings is equal to the 
Winnings pot. In addition, it prevents to pay-out to a wallet address which is not known 
by the Contest. This means that only wallet addresses which made a buy-in are valid 
pay-out-wallets. In order to make the winners transparent, a future goal is to create 
more complex Contest Implementations which also handle the calculation of the win-
ners and adds trust into the result.

4.3.3 Contest Contract Templates
The Developer aims to bring more transparency to the whole online betting market which 
is an am-bitious goal. The Developer is aware of the fact that Contests are handled very 
differently among Providers. However, the Developer still wants to offer Contest smart 
contracts that can be used by a wide range of existing and upcoming Providers as well as 
future community projects. Therefore, the Developer has developed the above described 
architecture. The Contest smart contracts are implementations of the Contest Interface. 
This means that the Contest Interface will be deployed on the blockchain right at the be-
ginning. This Contest Interface cannot be changed easily afterwards. It unites all attributes 
and behaviors which all Contests have in common. All Contest smart contract instances 
which implement the Contest Interface will inherit these attributes and behaviors. The 
General Reward can serve as an example for this. All Contests should pay out a General 
Reward of at least 1.00 percent of the Pot. This could be achieved by packaging this Ge-
neral Reward behavior into the Contest Interface. In this way, all Contest smart contracts 
must pay out the General Reward.

Another advantage of this architecture is that the Developer is able to further develop the 
Contest smart contracts and exchange the simple contracts with more complex ones in 
the near future. The Developer will do this by implementing lots of Contest smart contract 
templates and offering them to existing and potential Providers. The Contest smart cont-
racts will become more complex and will handle more attributes and variations of a Con-
test. The goal of the Contest is to automatically calculate the results and payouts based 

General Reward = 
General Reward Pot

Total supply of HERO

General Reward (per Coin Holder) = General Reward X HERO Coins held



21

on the predictions or bets without any centralized system involved. As a result, the whole 
process from the buy-in and placing the bets right through to the pay-out of the Winnings 
will be trustless and decentralized.

The Developer will start with a first template which is called ‚Simple contest contract‘. It 
will handle buy-in, Pot segmentation, and pay-out of the Provider Reward, General Reward 
and Winnings. Alt-hough it is rather simple, it already solves the problem of non-transpa-
rent buy-ins and pay-outs. The next goal is to develop Contest templates which decide on 
their own how many HERO which Player receives. Therefore, the Developer will — additio-
nally to the Simple contest contract — provide three different types (templates) of Contests 
in the near future:

a. Percentage Contests: The simplest percentage Contest is the „Double Out“ or „50/50“ 
contest. This means that the best 50 percent of the ranking will double their buy-in, the 
worse 50 percent will lose. In between there is the Provider Reward. This means, for 
example, if the Provider Reward is set to 10 percent then not the best 50 percent will 
double, but the best 45 percent. The worse 55 percent funds the winners and the Provi-
der Reward. By implementing the relevant settings as variables, this template can then 
be used for all different percentage combination like „Triple Out“ with „30/70“ or „Top 
10 percent“ with „10/90“ and so forth.

b. Fixed Winners Contests: This type of Contest is a different way of implementing Con-
tests. Instead of a percentage, it has a fixed number of winners. A well-known imple-
mentation of this kind is the „Winner takes it all“ Contest, where only the best will win. 
This template will handle all possible implementations of the „Fixed Winners Contest“ 
by implementing the number of winners as variable. As a result, contests like „Top 10 
wins“ or „Top 50 wins“ are possible by using this template.

c. Private Contests: Some Providers (like the Developer itself) will offer private Contests. 
This means, that Players can create their own Contests based on the events which are 
offered by the Provider. Private Contests may have different economics than Contests 
which are open for the whole community. A possible scenario could be that the Provider 
wants to reward Players who create private Contests with HERO. 

4.3.4 Individual Player Incentives
Additionally, the implementation allows for multiple separate incentive models in pool-ba-
sed games. One example that will be included on the platform herosphere.gg is gaming 
related rewards. Other than the general reward System (which aims to reward all Coin 
Holders), the gaming related re-ward aims to incentivize the Players of a specific platform. 
Therefore, it may look different on every platform. The general aim is to reward the Play-
ers according to their amount of HERO played, so only Players that take part in a pooling 
game will receive HERO, others will not. Such reward is paid out not only to Players of that 
specific game but to all Players on that platform depending on their usage of HERO on this 
platform. This is an incentive to keep Coin Holders from hoarding as it rewards them for 
actually using their HERO on the market. Herosphere.gg offers players a general reward 
depending on the amount of HERO he or she has played with on the platform during that 
month. 



22

4.4 ICO process – technical view
The following outlined process gives an overview of how the crowdsale will work from a 
technical perspective.

Create Contracts 
First the contract owner (the Developer) has to create the Crowdsale Contract (C1) and the 
ERC20 Contract (C2). The Crowdsale contract is used to collect and authorize user addres-
ses, collect ETH payments and compute Hero balances at the end of the ICO. If a minimum 
amount is not raised, then the contract can refund all users. If a maximum amount is rai-
sed the contract can stop collecting funds. If for any reason the contract owner decides to 
stop the crowdsale campaign, the contract can be refunded. The crowdsale contract is only 
active during a specific time period.

Register for the ICO 
Due to legal requirements, potential investors have to register and accept the terms of the 
Hero ICO before they invest. For this registration, a valid email address and the wallet ID 
from where the user wants to invest into the ICO are required. After a successful regist-
ration, the provided wallet ID is whitelisted for the crowdsale and the user is authorized to 
invest.

USER

HERO COIN
HOLDER

CONTRACT
OWNER

create 
contract

create 
contract

lazy user balance initiazation
(copy on write)

send ETH to invest

authorize user 
to invest

Whitelist
for ICO

register & accept term s

Hero Coin
transfer

CROWDSALE
CONTRACT (C1)

ERC20
CONTRACT (C2)

ICO
LANDINGPAGE

3

5

61

7
2

8

4



23

Invest 
Users become investors by transferring ETH from the wallet which was provided during 
the registra-tion, to the crowdsale contract. If the sending wallet ID is unknown by the 
crowdsale contract because it was not whitelisted before, the investment transaction will 
be rejected.

Distribute the token 
After the ICO has finished, the ERC20 contract initializes itself with the HERO balances, 
which were distributed through the crowdsale. Now the HERO balances for all participants 
are available for the users who participated in the ICO.



24

5. IcO
600m HERO will be sold at the ICO. The aim is to raise USD 14m, which equals 48,000 ETH 
at current rates, with the crowdsale at a token price of USD 0.024.  
Exchange rate: 1 ETH = 12,500 HERO (PLAY) - this may change with ETH exchange rates. 
The crowdsale will start on September 14th 2017. Some of the numbers may change with 
ETH/USD exchange rates and volatility, but numbers are best effort estimates as of Sep-
tember 9th 2017. The final numbers and fixed ETH amount will be announced before the 
start of the crowdsale. 

Details on the exchange process will be published in the Token Offer Document. 

Update: All unsold tokens have been burned. The new total supply is 252,165,029.



25

6. USE OF HERO ANd  
PROcEEdS 
6.1 Ethereum Proceeds
•	 40% Hero Development

•	 30% Sales & Marketing

•	 12% Third Parties (PR, engineering, Marketing, Affiliate programs…)

•	 10% Administration (legal, security, accounting..)

•	 8% Contingency (unforeseen costs)

As of the date of this Whitepaper, the exact amount of Ether obtained from Participants 
in the Initial Coin Offer (the „Total Exchange Amount“) is uncertain and depends on (i) 
the ETH Coin Value set by the Developer and (ii) the amount of HERO exchanged. The De-
veloper intends to use 40 percent of the Total Exchange Amount for the further develop-
ment of the HERO Network underlying the HERO, especially for the development of addi-
tional Contest smart contracts; 30 percent of the Total Exchange Amount is reserved for 
marketing and sales measures; 12 percent of the Total Exchange Amount will be used for 
the payment of third parties such as for public relations matters, engineering, marketing, 
and affiliate programs; 10 percent of the Total Exchange Amount will be applied towards 
administrative costs such as legal fees and accounting and 8 percent are reserved for un-
foreseen costs. However, the Developer is under no legal obligation to use the proceeds as 
described before.

Source: Developer.



26

6.2 Total Supply of HERO
•	 Total Tokens: ca. 252 Million

•	 30% Token Sale

•	 35% Development (future development team expansion,)

•	 20% Marketing & Partnerships

•	 8% Esports and Third-Party Implementation Fund

•	 7% Company Cold Storage and Betting Reserve - (Liquidity & Backup)

A total amount of HERO will be created by the Developer. 70 percent of the Total Coin 
Amount will be used for other purposes. The Developer explicitly reserves the right to 
exchange the retained portion of HERO for other virtual currencies or sell it for Euro or any 
other fiat currency at a later point in time at any marketable price. However, the Developer 
will commit itself to adhere to the following restrictions in the use, exchange or selling 
of HERO on the market. Especially, the Developer will commit itself to only exchange or 
sell such amounts of HERO that, to the best knowledge of the Developer, would not have a 
visible impact on the market value of HERO.

35% of the HERO supply will be used for future development such as development of the 
HERO Network and an incentive program for the current and future team subject to special 
holding conditions.  Those will ensure a long term incentive for the HERO founding team. 
Additionally, 8% will be allocated to a Third Party ecosystem fund to grow out the HERO 
network and bring additional providers to the network. A part of this fund will be used for 
brand awareness in the esports scene, where the Developer plans to host tournaments 
and sponsor teams. The Developer is setting aside 7% of all HERO created as a Company 
fund and betting reserve. It is possible that some of these Tokens will never be issued but 
it is necessary to have a backup if needed. In any way HERO will engage directly with its 
holders to seek their guidance before any of the reserved token will be brought into the 
market. At the end of the Initial Coin Offer, token creation will be closed permanently.



27

7. ROAdMAP
Q3/14   Start of our project

Q3/16   Cryptocurrency HERO is born

Q4/17   ICO Start

Q2/18   Official Release

Q2/18   Open api for other Betting Providers

Q3/18   Releasing a variety of Contest Templates

Q4/18   Complete integration of decentralized games

There are a lot of things planned for the Cryptocurrency and we will focus on the expansion 
of Hero providing contest templates and api´s for future providers to make the implemen-
tation of HERO as easy as possible. In 2018 we will also host Hackathon in order to build 
projects on top of HERO.

The first provider to use Hero will be our own esports platform herosphere. In addition 
to the Milestones stated above are the release of live prediction games in Q2 2018 and a 
Twitch Integration for Influencers to host private contests for their community in Q3 2018. 
We also plan the expansion to China and hosting an Invitational esports tournament in late 
2018 as well as a close work with esports communities around the world.



28

8. TEAM
8.1 Management

Paul Polterauer, Co-founder & CEO 
Before he founded herosphere with a current user base of more than 
200k users, Paul has worked at PwC Advisory for Corporate Finan-
ce, M&A and Deals. At PwC he worked on one of the largest deals in 
Austria at this time and projects like the asset quality review for the 
European Central Bank’s stress tests. He studied business adminis-
tration in Austria, Hong Kong and Hawaii. Passionate soccer, tennis 
and Star Craft II player.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/paul-polterauer-4933a1a0/

Philip Peinsold, Co-founder & CTO
Philip is one of the founders of herosphere and as CTO responsible 
for the technical background of the start-up. Before that, he worked 
as Software Developer and Project Manager in the field of eHealth. 
He studied eHealth at the university of applied science in Austria. He 
was a semi-professional volleyball player and early adopter of Dota.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/philippeinsold/

Bernhard Blaha, Co-founder & COO 
Having founded two companies before, both of which are still run-
ning, he knows how start-ups work. He not only brings economic 
expertise but also technical knowledge into the company. Bernhard 
has studied Mobile Compu-ting followed by Executive Management.

He also claims to have introduced the daily table tennis challenge to 
the team, but nobody knows for sure.

Andreas Petersson, Lead Blockchain developer
Andreas has a background in enterprise software development and is 
active in the Bitcoin industry since 2011, where he co-founded Bitcoin 
Austria. Between 2012 and 2015 he worked for Mycelium, where he 
developed the Mycelium Wallet, which successfully secured the funds 
of 250000 people. He then founded Minebox, a company that enables 
decentralized storage secured by smart contracts. He advises Bit-
panda, a popular Bitcoin broker on security. 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/andreas-petersson- 202293b5/ 
https://github.com/apetersson



29

Jerome Rousselot, smart Contract developer 
Jerome Rousselot is a technology executive with many years of ex-
perience in blockchain, cryptography and embedded systems. He is 
Product Manager and Chief Revenue Officer for Mycelium, organizes 
trainings with the Blockchain Connector and founded or co-founded 
Nodali, Jita and Proof of Purpose.

Jerome is based in London and obtained his PhD in Theoretical Com-
puter Science at EPFL, Switzerland. He enjoys running, mysore yoga 
and traveling.

https://github.com/jeromerousselot

Johannes Mahler, Head of Marketing
Joe previously built a global community in 40+ countries with more 
than 20,000 people joining their online courses at Comfort Zone 
Crusher. He is the CEO of Triggin and Marketing Advisor for mahler 
ARTHA. Loving everything marketing related, he has experience in 
Content-, Email-, Affiliate-, Social Media Marketing, SEO, Copywriting 
and Branding.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/johannes-mahler-941866123/

Vladan Vasic, senior Lead developer
Living the entrepreneurial lifestyle, Vladan has founded numerous 
companies starting in 2001 with his Online Multiplayer Gaming Com-
munity with over 1 Mil-lion active users per month up to his latest 
being snixx -Web and Marketing Agency and KidCo - innovative Clo-
thing Company. He is a passionate full stack web-developer with over 
14 years of experience in development, marketing and SEO.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/vladan-vasic-534579147/



30

8.2 Investors

Michael Altrichter, Business Angel 
Co-Founder of paysafecard and payolution.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-altrichter-348703/

Hubertus Thonhauser, Entrepreneur and angel investor.  
Managing Partner of Enable Future, Co-Founder of Babil Games and 
and former CEO Switzerland of Casinos Austria International

https://www.linkedin.com/in/hubertus-thonhauser-b6a43127/

Michael Eisler, Co-founder of startup300 
Austrias most active business angel network. He successfully sold 
his company DIG AG and spent several years in Los Angeles and San 
Francisco working on his startup wappwolf.com as well as Roman 
Scharf´s Talenthouse. 
 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaeleisler/

Gerald A. Hollaus, Business Angel 
Serial entrepreneur, Lecturer at FH Wien/Krems/Wr. Neustadt, for-
mer Performance Manager at OMV and director at JWC Group.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/gerald-a-hollaus-0914394/

Bernhard Lehner 
is co-founder of the business angel network startup300. He is a serial 
entrepreneur and (co-) startet 10+ companies in the last 10 years. He 
was business angel at runtastic.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/belehner/



31

Alexander Kucher, Private investor 
Director Group Procurement Telekom Austria Group and former CTO 
of the bulgarian subsidary of Telekom Austria Group.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexander-kuchar-0a0048b2/

Rainer Reich, Business Angel 
Former senior partner at The Boston Consulting Group.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/rainer-reich-71186a/

Johannes siller, Business Angel and founder of Ebit.

http://www.mapcon.at/#uebermich

Roland Tauchner, President of BaseTech Ventures AG  
Founder and also Member of the Board of DIMOCO Europe.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/rolandtauchner/



32

8.3 Advisors

Christian dressler 
Founder of bitTex TI Solutions, previously worked for Swiss Block-
chain Services.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/christian-dressler-08553b96/

Thomas Talos 
Partner at Brandl & Talos. Specialized in M&A transactions and on-
line gaming

https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomas-talos-4a2a61a/

Oliver Völkel 
Partner at SVLAW. Specialized on virtual and crypto currencies.

http://www.svlaw.at/en/team/dr-oliver-voelkel-ll-m

Bernd Winter 
Partner for tax consulting at BDO. Focus on gambling and betting.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/bernd-winter-ab5985a4/

Günther doppler 
Management consulting and former CFO of Kalixa Payment and bwin 
Inter-active Entertainment AG.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/guenther-doppler-4a50055b/



33

stefan Fleig 
Serial entrepreneur, Co-Founder of TableConnect 
Previously Co-Founder of Shpock

https://www.linkedin.com/in/stefan-fleig-a592023/

Max Tertinegg 
Co-founder of Coinfinity and Blockchainhub Graz.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/tertinegg/

Ken shishido 
Ken is Co-Organizer of the Bitcoin Tokyo Meetup Group. He believes 
in liberty, free market competition and small government.

https://www.meetup.com/Tokyo-Bitcoin-Meetup-Group/mem-
bers/92422112/ 
https://twitter.com/kenshishido

Erwin smole 
Co-Founder of Grid Singularity and Energy Web Foundation working 
now in the Blockchain and Energy Sector.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/erwin-smole-32721233 
https://twitter.com/Erwin_Smole



34

dEVELOPER 
byte heroes GmbH, FN 453848 z 

Praterstraße 1/3 Space 32,  
1020 Vienna, Austria

LEGAL AdVisOR TO THE dEVELOPER 
Stadler Völkel Rechtsanwälte GmbH, FN 426839 f 

Seilerstätte 24,  
1010 Vienna, Austria

date Version Amendments

v_01

20.08.2017 v_02 formatting & wording

29.08.2017 v_03 team foto, anchors & ICO update

11.09.2017 v_04 reward, ticker, correction of graphics

05.02.2018 v_05 tokens burned and total supply


	1. THE PROJECT
	1.1 Basic Information
	1.2 Corporate Structure
	1.3 Contact Details 

	2. Business Area and Trends
	2.1 General information
	2.2 esports 
	2.3 Sports Betting
	2.4 esports Gambling
	2.5 Future Opportunities

	3. THE HERO SYSTEM AND THE HERO COIN
	3.1 Use of HERO
	3.2 HERO and Rake-back-system
	3.3 Technical Description
	3.4 ICO process – technical view

	4. ICO
	5. USE OF HERO AND 
PROCEEDS 
	5.1 Ethereum Proceeds
	5.2 Total Supply of HERO

	6. Roadmap
	7. Team
	7.1 Management
	7.2 Investors
	7.3 Advisors


