



































 

The Hicky Network 
A decentralized dating application 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
Date:  19.01.2018 
Version:  0.2  
Status: Draft for community review. Subject to change. 

 



 

Abstract 
 
Hicky is a decentralized dating platform built on the public Ethereum blockchain. 
 
The vision of Hicky is to create a dating experience that merges real-life social dynamics with                               
the behavior incentivizing effects inherent in a tokenized economy. A decentralized platform                       
eliminates information security risks while enabling a superior alignment of incentives among                       
participants in the network. 
 
The Hicky token is a modular utility token that fuels interactions in the Hicky network.                             
Interactions include the ability to match with other users, the facilitation of encrypted                         
messaging between participants and a system of incentivized user-driven governance. 
 
This document highlights the case for building a decentralized dating network on a public                           
blockchain and details a proposal for such a network. 
 
 
 
 

 
   

 
 

2 



 

1. Background 
 
Hiding behind the anonymity provided by the Internet has always had both positive and                           
negative implications. On the one hand we have the freedom to express our opinions without                             
fear of retribution. We also have the democratizing effects of creating a level playing field. On                               
the other hand, the drawbacks of anonymity include fraud and trolling. 

 
When it comes to online dating, most people will agree that anonymity is generally an                             
undesirable characteristic of the concept. Participants face the possibility of meeting                     
someone they weren’t expecting. But this is just the beginning of the problem. When we                             
consider how to actually bring people together in lasting relationships, honesty and                       
transparency are vital. Lying about yourself to land a date creates false expectations, leading                           
to disappointment when people meet in real-life and resentment if secrets are revealed later                           
in the relationship. 
 
In order to create better dating experiences and ultimately better relationships, a complete                         
remodel of the online dating sphere is necessary. In the following sections we lay out how,                               
with a decentralized community-driven framework, we are able to vastly improve the online                         
dating experience. 

 

 
   

 
 

3 



 

2. Legacy Dating Apps 
 
Online dating platforms are traditionally comprised of two main parties: the user and the                           
owner (platform). The user either pays a monthly fee to be given access to the services                               
provided by the owner or is given access in exchange for exposure to advertising. The owner                               
aims to maximize profits, presumably by providing a service that attracts the highest number                           
of monetizable customers. 
 
It may seem that this relationship is symbiotic, however, closer analysis reveals that the user                             
gains the least while risking the most. 

 
Through online dating platforms, users gain access to a large and (ideally) focused dating                           
pool. This increases their chances of finding a desirable partner, which in fact constitutes the                             
primary purpose of using the service.  
 
The majority of the value created by legacy dating platforms, however, is retained by the                             
owner. Online dating generated approximately $3 billion in revenue in the US in 2015                           
(​IbisWorld, 2017​) and $1.6 billion in China in the same year (​Bloomberg, 2015​). Users of such                               
platforms meanwhile, are left with a far from ideal matching service. A recent study found                             
that relationships that start out online are 28% more likely to break down in their first year                                 
than relationships where the couples first met face-to-face (​Aditi, 2014​). Additionally, current                       
platforms carry serious inherent risks for the users. 
 

 
 

 

 
 

4 

https://www.ibisworld.com/industry-trends/market-research-reports/other-services-except-public-administration/personal-laundry/dating-services.html
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-06-03/in-china-a-surfeit-of-online-dating-startups
http://online.liebertpub.com/doi/pdf/10.1089/cyber.2014.0302


 

Risks 
 
Online dating is based on the exchange of personal information. In this context the amount of                               
detail provided in an online profile is positively correlated with the chance of creating a                             
successful match. The quantity and quality of the individually uploaded information varies                       
based on the individual user. Due to differences in personal preferences, the sharing of                           
personal data must be treated with the utmost security measures. 
 
In legacy systems user’s personal information is processed and saved on a centralized                         
machine. As this setup is increasingly less efficient, especially in questions of data security                           
(see Ashley Madison Hack) it is imperative to develop new methods for data storage,                           
management and signing. In the following sections we will explain the elements of online                           
dating where most risk is present. 
 
 

Information Theft 
 
The more information a user uploads to the platform, however, the more exposed that user                             
becomes to information theft. ​When a centralized platform is hacked, a user who has                           
uploaded a lot of personal information is more exposed than a user who has uploaded only a                                 
little.  
 
Online dating platforms are particularly attractive targets for hackers precisely because of                       
the large amount of personal and intimate information they hold. The 2015 Ashley Madison                           
hack resulted in numerous cases of blackmail, netting extortionists untold millions of                       
relationships, loss of job, and even in several cases, loss of life (suicide) (​The Guardian, 2016​). 
 

Fraud 
 
Users of dating platforms are also exposed to fraud. A 2016 sampling of 8 million online                               
dating service profiles found that 10% were complete fakes ( ​sift science, 2016​). A common                             
form of fraud is the so-called “Romance Scam” in which victims are manipulated through                           
romance into giving up money. The FBI estimates this results in over $100 million in losses per                                 
year, with the average victim getting duped for $100,000 (​FBI, 2016​). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

5 

https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/feb/28/what-happened-after-ashley-madison-was-hacked
https://blog.siftscience.com/2016/what-percentage-of-dating-profiles-are-fake/
https://blog.siftscience.com/2016/what-percentage-of-dating-profiles-are-fake/
https://www.fbi.gov/audio-repository/news-podcasts-thisweek-romance-scams.mp3/


 

Wasted Time and Money 
 
While less serious but still relevant, users risk wasting their time and/or money in hopes of                               
building a relationship. With about 30% of men reportedly lying about their finances and job,                             
and a comparable percentage of women lying about weight and height (​NY Times, 2011​), a                             
significant proportion of people who do actually meet in person are likely to be disappointed.                             
Furthermore, legacy dating platforms have been known to fabricate desirable user profiles in                         
order to attract customers. This practice includes the use of sockpuppet bots that drag users                             
into pointless chat designed to simply keep them engaged on the platform. Some platforms                           
have even included the right to do so in their terms of service, claiming the intent is to                                   
improve user experience and monitor compliance (​HG, 2016​). 
 

An Ineffective and Inefficient System 
 
While online dating platforms promise to improve the chances of finding an ideal partner, the                             
evidence runs in contrary to this thesis. A 2017 study found that 22% of Millennials think                               
technology has made finding love ​more ​difficult, with 57% saying they’re lonely (​Forbes,                         
2017​). 
 
In the following sections we lay out a scenario in which the users of the platform possess a                                   
real stake in it and the incentives of all parties involved are aligned to promote behavior that                                 
benefits all participants equally and leads to far more effective dating results.  
 
 

 
   

 
 

6 

http://www.nytimes.com/2011/11/13/fashion/online-dating-as-scientific-research.html
https://www.hg.org/article.asp?id=31561
https://www.forbes.com/sites/carolinebeaton/2017/02/09/why-millennials-are-lonely/
https://www.forbes.com/sites/carolinebeaton/2017/02/09/why-millennials-are-lonely/


 

3. The Socio-Economic Dating Network 
 
While the drawbacks of online dating are clear, its potential remains. Adoption of online                           
dating platforms by young adults, after all, has roughly tripled since 2013 (​PEW Research,                           
2017​). 
 
In the ideal scenario, users gain access to a wider dating pool that is specifically catered to                                 
them. Additionally they have the chance to be effectively matched by an intelligent algorithm                           
based on the enriched data they provide.  
 
The challenge therefore is to maintain the benefits offered by online dating while eliminating                           
the disadvantages of the status quo centralized platforms outlined above. Hicky sets out to                           
do this by merging real-life behavior with the decentralized online platform. We call this the                             
Socio-Economic Dating Network and claim it has the potential to offer the best of both                             
worlds. 
 

Leveraging Motivating Factors 
 
Two of the strongest motivating factors for humans are survival and procreation. It is human                             
nature that as soon as the former is secured, the latter is pursued. In the modern context                                 
these factors can be translated to economic improvement and relationship building                     
respectively. By tapping into both of these drives, our socio-economic dating network                       
leverages the primary factors that motivate human behavior. 
 

The Importance of Effort 
 
In legacy dating platforms, a few high-status users are typically overwhelmed by requests.                         
For these lucky few, online dating is easy. They have their pick of the crop. The majority of                                   
users, however, get few requests. Instead they are “yelling into the void”, wasting their time                             
attempting to connect with people who will never respond. 
 
In the real-world, however, people who put in effort to build relationships are rewarded. A                             
man who is objectively of a lower status in terms of both appearance and social status may                                 
succeed in building a relationship with a woman of higher status if he puts in sufficient effort.  
 
For incentives to be truly aligned in an online dating platform, effort must be rewarded just as                                 
it is in real-life. Real-life social dynamics can be emulated in the decentralized online dating                             
platform through socio-economic incentives. Inefficiencies can be eliminated through the                   
rewarding of effort with the result being a more efficient distribution of matches. 
 

 
 

7 

http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/02/29/5-facts-about-online-dating/
http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/02/29/5-facts-about-online-dating/


 

Trust as the Foundation for Relationships 
 
The importance of trust in building relationships cannot be overstated. The two main                         
prerequisites for trust are:  
 

1. Users need to feel that they can safely provide personal information. 

2. Users need to feel that the information they receive is true. 

 
A decentralized platform is currently the best method of encrypting information, thus                       
satisfying the first prerequisite. In this environment, users can rest assured that any sensitive                           
personal information they choose to reveal will be displayed only to people they expressly                           
give permission to (see section 4: Why Blockchain). 
 
The second prerequisite is satisfied through the verification processes described in section 5                         
(Decentralised Autonomous Dating) which includes FaceScan technology, voice verification                 
and our system of decentralized governance. 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
   

 
 

8 



 

4. Why Blockchain 
 

Trust 
 
The trust that is enabled by blockchain technology is bilateral. On the one side, we can believe                                 
the information we see, while at the same time we can be sure that the information we                                 
provide the platform with is secure from malicious third parties.  
 
We propose verification procedures that involve a combination of machine and human input.                         
This is described in detail in section 5. Once information is verified by the network, it can be                                   
considered valid and (due to the immutable nature of the blockchain) also untamperable. 
 
In addition to the verification being done directly within our platform, blockchain based                         
personal verification will grow exponentially in the coming years. This growth is driven both                           
by public blockchain projects like Civic or uPort as well as the various government backed                             
efforts that are currently being explored. The information stored in such projects will be                           
accessible to platforms like ours in encrypted form, meaning that if a user on our platform                               
claims they are 185 cm in height, such information can be verified by checking external public                               
records. The query would be answered as a binary yes/no and therefore not compromise a                             
user’s identity. The number of verification and available data points will only increase in the                             
near future, enriching the Hicky ecosystem as the technology matures. 
 

Security 
 
Blockchain technology provides by far the most secure infrastructure to sign personal                       
information. The information is far less susceptible to hacking because it is distributed (in                           
encrypted form) across the network. As no centralized information silos can be targeted,                         
hackers would have to bring down the entire network, a feat that would be prohibitively                             
expensive to achieve.  
 
Potential attacks include the 51%-attack on blockchains with PoW (Proof-of-Work)-based                   
consensus protocols, where the attacker has enough resources to autonomously create a                       
consensus and strategically modify the blockchain.  
 
Other well known attacks on Peer-to-Peer networks include the targeted manipulation of                       
single nodes and the inducing of misconduct towards the majority of the validated peers                           
(eclipse attack).  
 
Hicky is well aware of these types of security vulnerabilities and employs the latest known                             
methods to prevent them.  

 
 

9 



 

Democratization 
 
A decentralized platform has the ability to evolve organically and in the interests of its users.                               
Removing the “owner” from the equation means the users themselves decide how the                         
platform grows. Users of the network are literally stakeholders and are thus incentivized to                           
build and improve the platform in a way that benefits themselves. A further implication of                             
this is a stronger feeling of community involvement, something that is particularly important                         
in a platform that is designed to bring people together for lasting relationships. 
 

Decentralization  
 
The benefits of decentralization and the absence of a trusted third party can be reached                             
through the blockchain based consensus mechanism but also through byzantine protocols.                     
We have selected the ethereum blockchain protocol and the ERC20 token standard as our                           
solution.  
 

Transparency  
 
All transactions regarding the revelation of information are to be evaluated in terms of                           
information regarding the ledger status of the blockchain. Depending on the technical                       
implementation, the implementation can lead to a gain or loss in security and or privacy in the                                 
system, depending on the security goals and the application. A major security aspect is the                             
integrity/ ability to counterfeit.  
 

Specific Attacks on Blockchains 
 
In general several parameters are necessary for reaching a specified security level. In this                           
context the number of actors within the system plays a large role when evaluating how easy                               
or difficult blockchain specific attacks such as 51%-Attacks are. Cryptocurrency simulations                     
performed by the Frauenhofer SIT illustrate the divergence of blockchain performance with                       
the reaching of a specific security level regarding attacks of double spending and selfish                           
mining. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

10 



 

Code is Code 
 
The dogma (computer) code = (legal) code translates to programmable code defining the                         
undisputable rules for both a blockchain as well as conflict cases which cannot be modified                             
retroactively. This has to be viewed critically just due to the simple fact that the probability                               
that programs, after a certain number of lines of code, do not have any errors. Due to the                                   
consensus principle (requiring half of all actors to accept a possible change) it is advisable to                               
vote on rule structures at the introduction of the blockchain and to design them so that they                                 
are changeable in an agile manner throughout the entire lifecycle of the blockchain. 
 

Cryptography 
 
The procedures used in the blockchain will need to be verified with regards to their current                               
security levels (including all potential implementation faults). Furthermore the changeability                   
friendliness as well as the projected future security will be evaluated. 
 

Traditional Threat Vectors on Digital Systems 
 
Blockchains and their respective cryptocurrencies are axiomatically subservient to traditional                   
attack vectors on software and digital systems. These include hack attacks on wallets. Here                           
questions such as the storage of private keys ("hot storage" vs. "cold storage“) are of                             
importance. 

 

   

 
 

11 



 

5. A Decentralised Autonomous Dating 
Network (DAD) 
 
We will use crowd wisdom and zero knowledge proofs, similar to the system that has been                               
proposed by the CAPTCHA project, setting up the DAD as a system running validation by                             
general consensus and algorithmic rules/ smart contracts. 

An Economic Behavior Paradigm 
 
The Decentralized Autonomous Dating community runs on an incentivization model that                     
works within the new paradigm of a decentralized token economy. Positive behavior is                         
economically incentivised while community building is encouraged through the stakeholder                   
(decentralized) governance model. The Hicky token, like money in the real world, forms the                           
backbone of this network. It must be emphasized that DAD is democratic and socially driven                             
entity. 

Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence  
 
While Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence are touted as the be all and end all solution,                               
the barriers to achieving proveable success with these tools are still immense. The difficulty                           
begins with the very definition of success. Is a successful match a relationship that lasts ten                               
years? Or is it one that burns hot for a year before self-destructing? In the first case, proving                                   
that the matching algorithm is successful requires vast amounts of data which any system in                             
its infancy (by definition) does not have. While we don’t discount the possibility of matching                             
algorithms being effective in the future, we argue that it is foolish to use this as the main                                   
matching vehicle at the inception of our platform. 
 
The DAD is therefore a fundamentally human system. Just like the real world, people decide                             
themselves who they would like to pursue and their behavior is judged by their peers. DAD                               
employs safeguards to protect people from the dark side of human nature while economically                           
incentivising (rewarding) positive behavior. The result is a democratised, fair, secure and                       
effective dating platform. 
 
To illustrate the functionality of DAD, it is useful to consider the journey of two fictional users,                                 
Alice and Bob in the context of Hicky. 
 
 
 
 

 
 

12 



 

Face Verification 
 
Let’s say Alice and Bob want to use Hicky. They will start by building their profiles. In order to                                     
ensure the privacy of all participants and to eliminate spamming, users cannot interact on the                             
platform until their identity has been verified. 
 
First, they will take a live picture using the front-facing camera of their mobile device. Then,                               
they will upload a picture of their National Identity card. The platform’s FaceScan tool                           
compares the two photos to determine if they in fact depict to the same person. This tool in                                   
combination with our other verification techniques, ensures that we are dealing with actual                         
people furthermore tagging their basic physical characteristics. These results will then be                       
immutably signed on the blockchain. All uploaded information for the verification process will                         
automatically be deleted based on the implemented smart contract logic. Due to the technical                           
limitations of the current blockchain solutions, profile information will be stored in the                         
BigchainDB database infrastructure. This architecture will be updated based on the upcoming                       
decentralised storage solutions. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

13 



 

Voice Verification 
 
VoiceVerify will supplement the unique information gathered through the FaceScan                   
technology enhancing the level of biometric identification. Users will be posed one of 36                           
questions (​NY Times, 2017​) that they must answer before a chat is initiated. Each user will                               
preview the respective answer and then decides whether or not to engage in the chat.  
 
Voice verification helps solve multiple problems inherent to traditional dating platforms.                     
These include identity, intimacy and trust. By introducing the auditive layer in the system,                           
users can engage and connect with one another on yet another and especially deeper level.                             
The combination of voice, face and text identification is unique to Hicky, establishing both                           
trust and intimacy between the users in the network.  
 
The DAD based consensus mechanism uses FaceScan technology and VoiceVerify data in                       
order to reduce spam and bots, strengthening the community within the Hicky network.   
 
 

 
 
Interaction 
 
Now that Alice and Bob are verified and have decided that they want to engage, they are free                                   
to interact. In legacy dating platforms (and most messaging apps in general) the platform                           
acts as the intermediary between actors. When a user sends a message, it is first recorded in                                 
a centralized database and then served out to the recipient. Legacy dating apps keep a record                               
all messages the users send. The platform typically takes ownership of this database of                           
information, using it to derive profits through targeted advertising. Furthermore, these silos                       
containing private messages become prime targets for hackers, exposing users of the                       
platform to the potential threat of information leakage.  
In a decentralized environment, by contrast, messaging is conducted on a peer to peer basis.                             
Alice and Bob can rest assured that no one else will have access to their messages. Since                                 

 
 

14 

https://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/11/fashion/no-37-big-wedding-or-small.html


 

there is no central server to collect, store, and distribute messages, there is no chance of                               
eavesdropping by the platform owner. In fact there is no owner. Consequently there are no                             
silos of valuable information to be targeted externally by hackers. A system of decentralized                           
peer to peer messaging enables privacy and ensures the security of users’ information like                           
never before. However, this is not without its challenges. 
 
For instance, in a truly peer to peer messaging system, since messages are not stored by an                                 
intermediary, both participants must be online at the same time in order to interact. While                             
this may be acceptable in certain use-cases, it is a limitation that must be overcome in order                                 
to facilitate the fluidity of communication needed for the building of relationships between                         
strangers in the online dating platform, especially in a mobile environment. 
 
We will be implementing the solution proposed and implemented by the Status project                         
through the use of the Whisper V5 protocol, which has the ability to delegate nodes to do                                 
offline inboxing (storing messages while clients are offline). This means that as soon as both                             
parties are online in the network, messages are exchanged and the history of the chat is                               
updated. Nodes offering this service will by extension have the ability to support push                           
notifications. The end result for users should be the same fluid chat they are accustomed to,                               
but with the added benefit of unrivaled privacy and security. Technical details of the                           
open-source Whisper Protocol can be found ​here​. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

15 

https://github.com/status-im/status-go/wiki/Whisper-Push-Notifications


 

The Date 
 
To continue the story, let’s assume Alice and Bob have been messaging for awhile and decide                               
to go on a date. Before doing so, they must both stake tokens — let’s call it a “date deposit.”                                   
This deposit is locked up for a predefined duration after the date has been completed. If all                                 
goes well (meaning neither has a complaint), the staked tokens are returned to them. In order                               
to lock in the Hicky token in the date deposit, Alice and Bob’s tokens will remain in their                                   
wallets and are simply flagged in the blockchain.  
 
Let’s say, however, that Bob is a no-show on the date. Maybe he forgot. Maybe he decided to                                   
spend time with his friends that night instead. If Bob notifies Alice beforehand, Alice has the                               
chance to change her plans and all is well. But let’s imagine Bob simply didn’t bother to tell                                   
Alice he wasn’t coming, leaving Alice sitting in the cafe, all dressed up, feeling rather foolish.                               
Rather than only feeling foolish, Alice has the opportunity to open a conflict via DAD. 
 

 
 

 
Conflict Management 
 
Assuming Alice chooses to report Bob as a no-show on the date and, assuming he doesn’t                               
dispute this, Bob’s staked tokens are forfeited to Alice. Perhaps only a minor victory for Alice,                               
but better than nothing. If Bob however decides to dispute the claim, the case would go to a                                   
jury of their peers. This “Conflict Jury” would automatically be notified that Bob wasn’t in the                               
vicinity of the decided date location at the arranged time. To support her case, Alice might                               
choose to upload a time-stamped photo of herself looking sad, sitting in the cafe, waiting for                               
Bob half an hour after they were supposed to meet. She could also upload a screenshot of                                 
their chat in which Bob didn’t reply to her messages. The jury might decide this is sufficient                                 
evidence in support of Alice, confiscating Bob’s tokens as payment for their adjudication. 

 
 

16 



 

Incentive Structures 
 
This system not only incentivizes good behavior through the underlying token economy, it                         
also encourages the building of a community that has the potential to grow beyond its                             
original intent as a dating platform. 
 
In the real-world, people do not always make “perfect” economic decisions. On the contrary,                           
humans are not always rational. We are highly emotional creatures, susceptible to factors as                           
seemingly benign as blood sugar levels and whether or not we had a bad day at work. 
 
Hicky endeavors to build a platform that in addition to economic incentives, also leverages                           
proven social mechanisms from the real world to be embedded in the digital environment. 
 
To illustrate this, let’s say Alice and Bob do not meet up because Alice wants to get to know                                     
Bob a bit better before going on a physical date with him. Maybe Bob gets agitated and starts                                   
insulting Alice through inappropriate messages. Alice may now decide to report Bob to a jury                             
of peers, hoping to save both her and others from her bad experience. Both Alice and Bob will                                   
have the opportunity to present their side of the story in front of the DAD. Using a collective                                   
consensus DAD will create the best possible solution. It may turn out that through this                             
process, Bob realizes he was being rude and apologizes to Alice. This could even be the                               
catalyst for the beginning of a lasting relationship.  
 
While having economic incentives in place encouraging good behavior, the fundamentally                     
human system of dealing with undesirable conduct which is facilitated through DAD, ends up                           
strengthening the community. The Hicky network builds on the conflict resolution mechanism                       
and the corresponding incentive structures. 
 
   

 
 

17 



 

6. A Token Utility Network (Hicky token) 
  
The implementation of a token economy is necessary to create a system in which the user is                                 
no longer the product. It may initially seem that paying for simple functions like sending                             
messages present an insurmountable hurdle. Especially when participants are used to                     
getting such services “for free.” However, this is precisely the mechanism which allows the                           
alignment of incentives between the platform and its users. It enables economic incentives,                         
optimising social dynamics that are fueled by the engagement of its participants. 
  
The currency of the Hicky economy is the Hicky token (HKY). All interactions within the                             
platform require HKY in some way. Participants in the network are always either earning or                             
spending HKY when they engage. 
  

Earning Hicky Tokens 
 
Users can earn HKY in a variety of ways. To jumpstart the economy, users initially earn HKY by                                   
going through the verification process. Mainly HKY is earned by participating in the conflict                           
moderation process. This process has been illustrated in the „The Date“ section above,                         
explaining the interaction and the underlying economics. 
  

Spending Hicky Tokens 
 
In order to eliminate spamming, as well as to reduce the tendency for popular users to be                                 
overwhelmed with messages, it is necessary to require a small fee for messaging. Sending                           
and receiving messages therefore requires HKY.  
  

Purchasing Hicky 
 
HKY will be initially purchasable through either the private or the public token sale. This is                               
outlined in the following section. 
 
 
 
   

 
 

18 



 

7. Token Distribution  
 
In order to fund the development of the platform and distribute tokens, Hicky will be holding a                                 
token sale that is organized around smart contracts running on the Ethereum blockchain. 
  
The contribution period will begin on Valentine’s Day (14th of February 2018). Detailed                         
instructions on how contributors can participate will be made available closer to the date of                             
the event. Participants will send either Ether, Bitcoin or Litecoin to the designated address                           
and receive HKY at a rate of 7.500 HKY per ETH. The gathered funds will be sent to a multisig                                       
address that is controlled by Hicky. ​HKY received by contributors will be transferable 7 days                             
after the end of the contribution period. 
  

Fair and Wide Distribution 
 
In order to ensure a fair and wide distribution we are making it more difficult for larger                                 
participants to know how much to contribute in order to control the supply. 
  
Therefore, the HKY creation rate is fixed at 7.500 HKY per ETH and will remain so for the                                   
duration of the contribution period.  
  

Summary 
 

 

Start date:  10:00 ​AM​ (CET) on February 14, 2018  

Payment methods:  ETH, BTC, LTC  
 

Soft cap:  3.000 ETH   

Hard cap​:  36.000 ETH  
 

Token exchange rate:  7.500 HKY per ETH  

Total token supply (max):  481.500.000 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 

19 



 

Pre Sale 
 

 

Bonus:  Up to 30% 

Minimum investment: 3 ETH  

Private Sale start: 10:00 AM (CET) on January 14, 2018 
 

 

Token Exchanges 
 
We neither encourage or discourage exchange trading of our tokens. We do understand our                           
customers are pioneers, and they don’t know how much capacity they need. Therefore they                           
need a channel to acquire or dispose of HKYs post after the ICO.  
 
We have received inquiries from customers about a secondary market for them to solve this                             
problem. And we have already received inquiries and due diligence questions from exchanges,                         
which of course we are addressing. 
 
We are not giving dates and exact exchanges. By virtue of identifying exact exchange, it would                               
violate the token listing agreement contracts and could jeopardize our listing application with                         
them. Exchanges are now mindful of teams leaking the listing news and markets front                           
running listings. 
 

Notice 
  

 

1. No token creation, minting or mining after the end of the ICO period.  
All unsold tokens will be burned. 

2. Tokens will be transferable 7 days after the ICO is completed. 

3. If the soft cap is not reached, funds will be returned to the participants. 

4. Upon reaching the hard cap, the ICO will end immediately. 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 

20 



 

HKY Token Allocation  
 

60% of HKY  created during the contribution period will be allocated to the  
public contributors who send ETH, BTC, LTC to the smart  
contract address. 

20% of HKY  created during the contribution period will be allocated to Hicky core  
developers and the team, locked in a smart contract with a 12 month 
vesting period. 

10% of HKY  will be used for platform operations and updates. 

5% of HKY are reserved for advisors and are subject to a 12 month vesting period,  
locked in a smart contract.  

5% of HKY  will be used for marketing expenses. 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 

 
 

21 



 

How to buy HKY  
 
Our own signup process allows user to participate within the Pre Sale with ETH, BTC, LTC.                               
Every token buyer will receive a personal address (for each cryptocurrency) after signup and                           
email confirmation. Buyers shouldn’t send tokens from their exchange wallets.  
 
In order to receive the HKY tokens and make them visible in your wallet, we require you to                                   
specify your address from an ERC20 compliant wallet. Do ​NOT enter your address from your                             
exchange wallet.  
 
We recommend the use/ creation of one of the following wallets:  
 

 
MyEtherWallet 

myetherwallet.com 

 
Mist 

github.com/ethereum/ 
mist/releases 

 
Parity 

parity.io 

 

Step by Step Guide  
 

Step One:​ ​Register on our website  

1. Go to ​http://hicky.io/ 

2. Provide your email, set a password and agree to our Terms & Conditions.  

3. Verify your email and password and login 

  

Step Two:​ ​Select the cryptocurrency you want to participate with  

1. Choose the currency (ETH, BTC, LTC)  you want to send in order to purchase HKY.  

2. Choose the amount you want to participate. 

3. We will present you with your personal address to send tokens (if you choose BTC, we                               
will show you your personal BTC address. If you choose ETH, we will display you your                               
personal ETH address etc.)  

4. After you have sent the tokens, check your transaction and let us know if you have any                                 
questions.  

5. Enter the address of your ERC20 compatible wallet in order to get your tokens                           
distributed within 7 days after the token sale. 

 

 
 

22 

https://www.myetherwallet.com/
https://github.com/ethereum/mist/releases
https://github.com/ethereum/mist/releases
https://www.parity.io/
http://hicky.io/


 

Notice 
 

 

In order to ensure a smooth experience with the purchase of HKY, you should:  
 

1. Read our whitepaper carefully (this is a draft and subject to community review)   

a. This is where we inform you about all details regarding Hicky. 

b. Here you can learn about the functionality and purpose of the Hicky token. 

 

2. Subscribe to our newsletter 

a. Nothing worse than missing important updates and notifications.  
Our newsletter will keep you up to date. 

 

3. Join our communication channels 

a. Stay in the know and ask the community questions through our channels  

Telegram​ ( ​Link ​)   Medium​ (​Link ​) 

Facebook ​( ​Link ​)  Twitter​ (​Link ​) 

 

   

 
 

23 

https://t.me/getpicky
https://medium.com/hickynews
https://www.facebook.com/Hicky-563265947361377
https://twitter.com/hickyapp


 

8. Smart Contracts & Security  
 
We used OpenZepplin audited Smart Contracts to ensure a fair and transparent HKY                         
distribution. Cold storage is used to keep funds safe and secure.  
 
For full details, see our GitHub repository (read the ​readme.md​ first!): 
https://github.com/HickyToken/hickycontracts 
 

HKY Coin 

01. pragma solidity ^0.4.18; 

02.  

03. import "zeppelin-solidity/contracts/crowdsale/CappedCrowdsale.sol"; 

04. import "zeppelin-solidity/contracts/token/MintableToken.sol"; 

05.  

06.  

07. contract SampleCrowdsaleToken is MintableToken { 

08.   string public constant name = "Hicky Dapp Token"; 

09.   string public constant symbol = "HKY"; 

10.   uint8 public constant decimals = 18; 

11. } 

12.  

13.  

14. contract SampleCrowdsale is CappedCrowdsale { 

15.  

16.   function SampleCrowdsale(uint256 _startTime, uint256 _endTime, uint256 

_rate, address _wallet) public 

17.     CappedCrowdsale(36000 ether) 

18.     Crowdsale(_startTime, _endTime, _rate, _wallet) 

19.   { 

20.   } 

21.  

22.   function createTokenContract() internal returns (MintableToken) { 

23.     return new SampleCrowdsaleToken(); 

24.  } 

 

 

 

 
 

24 

https://github.com/HickyToken/hickycontracts


The main problems in online dating stem from a general misalignment of incentives between 
platform owners and users, leading to a lack of authenticity in the user base as well as the lack of 
security and privacy inherent to centralised systems. With backgrounds in blockchain and online 
dating, the four core members decide to spec out a solution based on the architectural possibilities 
of the Ethereum blockchain. Hicky is born.

Founding of Hicky

As they say, an idea is with nothing, it’s all about the execution. Three more team members join the 
project each bringing in expertise from a variety of fields including product development, software 
development, blockchain architecture, design and marketing to build an MVP, collect user feedback 
and test the waters.

Team Building

The team completes an Alpha version of the Hicky application and opens it to close friends and 
business associates to gather initial feedback. The Alpha includes the following features: encrypted 
messaging, encrypted data storage and identity verification via face scan technology.

Development and Testing

The conceptualisation of the underlying token economy for the Hicky network is finalised and the 
smart contract for the Hicky token (HKY) sale is developed. The cofounders from Blockmason.io 
(Michael and Tim) joins as advisors with experience in crypto finance and token architecture 
respectively.

Hicky Token Sale

The token sale event will start with a private sale on the 14. January and the public sale will start on 
Valentine’s Day, 14. February. Furthermore the beta version of the Hicky Decentralised Application 
(DApp) will be released by the end of Q1. The team will be expanded in order to cater to the different 
projects.

Token Sale and Beta Launch

Hicky will launch its DApp for both the iOS and Android platforms. We will initially launch the DApp 
in english, making it available to users in the European market. We will be focusing on building a 
strong brand within Europe before expanding to further countries.

Hicky DApp Launch

From our European base we will be making Hicky available in countries beyond Europe, mainly Asia, 
as the adoption of dating apps is already strong in many of the countries. We will onboard more 
further team members to cater for the expansion and also provide valuable insights into the market 
specifics.

Country Expansion

The idea behind Hicky is to create a fair, secure and trustworthy network. As the ecosystem expands 
and increasingly more DApps are being developed, the strength of the network depends its the 
interconnectivity. We will be focusing on forming strong relations with our partners. Furthermore, 
our monetization concepts will be implemented.  

Partnerships & Monetisation

2017 Q1

2017 Q2

2017 Q3

2017 Q4

2018 Q1

2018 Q2

2018 Q3

2018 Q4

9. Roadmap



 

10. Team  
 

Our team has extensive experience in both the traditional online dating business as well as in                               

blockchain technology. We also have a track record of successful startups under our belt.  

 

 
Julian Fuchs  

(Business Strategy) 

LinkedIn 

Julian is a tech entrepreneur. He is 

focusing on building efficient 

structure within the Hicky project.  

 
Patrick Schwetlick  

(Product Development) 

LinkedIn 

Patrick is an internet entrepreneur. 

He brings his knowledge of online 

dating to the product development. 

 

 

 
Lisa Lamina  

(Community Manager) 

LinkedIn 

Lisa is a German product designer. 

She is focusing on building the 

Hicky community. 

 
Kian Schreiber 

(Blockchain Strategy) 

LinkedIn 

Kian is an Internet entrepreneur 

and blockchain strategist. He is 

focusing on the token economics. 

 
Dusia Lewandowska  

(DApp & Testing) 

LinkedIn 

Dusia is a social media expert. She 

is deeply involved in the product 

development.  

 
Christian Gorgas  

(Smart Contracts & Product) 

LinkedIn 

Christian is a product focused 

blockchain expert. He is focusing 

on the token architecture.  

 
 

26 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/julianfuchs/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/patrickschwetlick/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/elisabeth-lamina-7a01a6156/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kianschreiber/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dusia-lewandowska-738446144
https://www.linkedin.com/in/christian-gorgas-981503129/


 

 
Björn Barthel 

(Growth Hacking) 

LinkedIn 

Björn  is an internet entrepreneur 

who is focusing on building 

strategic partnerships for  Hicky.  

 
Graham Stone 

(Web Content) 

LinkedIn 

Graham is a digital nomad and 

writer. He is responsible for the 

narrative behind Hicky.  

 
Eric Reinhardt 

(Technology & Design) 

Instagram​ GitHub 

Eric is a front end developer and 

UI/UX designer, responsible for the 

look & feel of the Hicky platform. 

 
Danny Endert 

(Technology) 

LinkedIn 

Danny is a hardcore coder leading 

the development of the Hicky 

platform.  

 
Samed Sulanc 

(Technology) 

GitHub 

Samed is a full-stack developer 

focusing on the smart contract 

architecture powering Hicky. 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

27 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/bjoern-barthel/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/graham-stone/
https://www.instagram.com/ericreinheart
https://github.com/ericreinheart
https://de.linkedin.com/in/danny-endert-11145a96
https://github.com/RyuichiXD


 

11. Advisors  
 

 
Hermione Way  

LinkedIn 

Hermione is a former Tinder 

executive and marketing specialist   

 
Michael Chin 

LinkedIn 

Michael is a finance expert and 

co-founder of Blockmason 

 
Timothy Galebach 

LinkedIn 

Timothy is a technical expert and 

co-founder of Blockmason  

 
Yasin Sebastian Qureshi 

LinkedIn 

Yasin is the Executive Director at 

The NAGA Group AG  

 
Benjamin Bilski 

LinkedIn 

Ben is the Executive Director at 

The NAGA Group AG   

 
Wladimir Huber  

LinkedIn 

Wladimir is the Managing  Director 

at SwipeStox GmbH  

 
Alexander Braune 

LinkedIn 

Alexander is the Managing Director 

at SwipeStox GmbH  

   

 
 
 

 
 

28 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/hermioneway/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-chin-172a0466/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/timothy-galebach-797377115/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/yasin-sebastian-qureshi-9454bb25/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/benjaminbilski/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/wladimir-huber-77821166/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexander-braune-41976594/


hicky.io

don’t settle
get picky.




