






















Insights Network 
- A Blockchain Data Exchange 

29. December 2017 (v0.5) 
 

 

Brian Gallagher 
Insights Network 

bg@insights.network 

Darwin Lo 
Insights Network 

darwin@insights.network 

Peter Frands Frandsen 
Partisia 

pff@partisia.com 

 

Jesper Buus Nielsen 
Partisia 

jbn@partisia.com 

Kurt Nielsen 
Partisia 

kn@partisia.com 

 
 
 
 

 

Abstract 
In the present day, data brokers collect data on individuals around the world from a wide array of sources, 
both online and offline. The data is packaged into profiles, which they sell to organizations who can use 
them to make decisions that impact the lives of ordinary people without them ever being aware of it. 
Recent technological advances, such as the Blockchain and Secure Multiparty Computation, are making it 
possible to build a superior platform for conducting market research while putting control, as well as 
monetization, of the data into the hands of the people who generate it. 
  

 



Content 

1 Disclosure 3 

2 Background 4 
2.1 Problem 4 
2.2 Solution 4 

3 Our product 5 
3.1 Overview 5 
3.2 Functionality 6 

3.2.1 Authentication 6 
3.2.2 User profiles 7 
3.2.3 Decentralized data brokerage 7 
3.2.4 Surveys 7 
3.2.5 Two-sided rating 8 
3.2.6 Example: Gambeal 9 

3.3 Technical challenges 9 

4 Technical solutions 10 
4.1 Blockchain 10 

4.1.1 EOS Blockchain Platform 11 
4.2 Secure Multiparty Computation (SMC) 12 

4.2.1 Custom SMC systems 13 
4.2.2 The Insights Network SMC solution 14 

4.3 Solving the technical challenges 15 
4.3.1 Proof of authenticity 15 
4.3.2 Submitting a data request 16 
4.3.3 Fulfilling a data request 16 
4.3.4 Profile matching 17 
4.3.5 Secure exchange of validated data 18 
4.3.6 Storage 18 
4.3.7 Provider’s demographic 18 

5 Token Economics 19 
5.1 Two-sided Marketplace 19 
5.2 Distribution of Tokens 20 
5.3 Use of Funds 21 

6 Team 21 
6.1 Advisors 21 
6.2 Partners 21 

 
info@insights.network 1 



7 Roadmap Draft 22 

8 Conclusion 22 

9 Sources 23 

 

 

  

 
info@insights.network 2 



1 Disclosure 
Nothing herein constitutes an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any tokens, nor shall there 
be any offer, solicitation or sale of Insights Network INSTAR tokens in any jurisdiction in which such 
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.  You should carefully read and fully understand this 
whitepaper and any updates.  Every potential token purchaser will be required to undergo an on-boarding 
process that includes identity verification and certain other documentation, which you should read 
carefully and understand fully because you will be legally bound.  Please make sure to consult with 
appropriate advisors and others. 
 
This white paper describes our current vision for the Insights Network platform.  While we intend to 
attempt to realize this vision, please recognize that it is dependent on quite a number of factors and 
subject to quite a number of risks.  It is entirely possible that the Insights Network platform will never be 
implemented or adopted, or that only a portion of our vision will be realized.  We do not guarantee, 
represent or warrant any of the statements in this white paper, because they are based on our current 
beliefs, expectations and assumptions, about which there can be no assurance due to various anticipated 
and unanticipated events that may occur. 
 
Please know that we plan to work hard in seeking to achieve the vision laid out in this white paper, but 
that you cannot rely on any of it coming true.  Blockchain, cryptocurrencies and other aspects of our 
technology and these markets are in their infancy and will be subject to many challenges, competition and 
a changing environment.  We will try to update our community as things grow and change, but undertake 
no obligation to do so. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

  

 
info@insights.network 3 



2 Background 

2.1 Problem 
There are organizations, called data brokers, that collect data on people from various sources, both online 
and offline. Most notably, they purchase data from Internet services and mobile applications that collect 
information on their users and track their in-app behavior. 
 
The data is used to create profiles for individual consumers. Acxiom, a top data broker, has on average 
1,500 pieces of information on more than 200 million Americans. Acxiom and other data brokers are able 
to combine all the information they have on each individual to generate in-depth consumer behavior 
reports across a wide range of industries, which they sell.  
 
Data brokers make a lot of money. In 2012, Acxiom was reported to have made $1.13 billion in sales, 
earning a profit of $77.26 million. Forbes reports that Big Data Analytics is a $200 billion per year 
industry and that by 2019 nearly all businesses will be customers of a data broker such as Acxiom. 
But consumers, who are actually driving the industry, do not share in the profit. 
 
Simultaneously, they experience many negative consequences as a result. Centrally managed databases 
allow hackers to steal large amounts of personally identifying information in just one attack, which allows 
for large-scale identity theft and fraud. Recently, hackers breached Equifax’s systems and stole personally 
identifiable data on more than 140 million Americans. This is not an isolated incident. There have been 
several attacks in the past, including on Acxiom, and if unchecked there will be more in the future.  
 
Consumers must demand a new standard for the storage of personally identifiable and sensitive 
information that is being used in market research. This is currently being implemented in the GDPR 
throughout Europe, and soon, the US will follow suit. 

2.2 Solution 
Recent advances in decentralized storage, digital currencies, and smart contracts enable us to create a 
decentralized, incentivized platform for conducting marketing research and securely storing consumer 
data. Organizations will be able to use our platform to make requests for data from precisely defined 
populations amongst members of the Insights Network. 
 
Insights Network users, not data brokers, would sell their data. By using smart contracts, which execute 
transactions between anonymous parties, users would be able to sell their data without disclosing their 
identity, only broad demographic information. A unique combination of a blockchain and Secure 
Multiparty Computation (SMC) makes it possible to enforce the exchange of data and payment between 
the provider and the requester of data without third-party involvement. While a blockchain makes the 
exchange transparent, SMC keeps data truly secure until an agreement has been reached and paid for. 

 
info@insights.network 4 



 
We believe that by allowing participants to profit from their participation, organizations will acquire data 
that is both more relevant and more actionable as a result. At the same time, profits currently earned by 
data brokers will instead go to the rightful owners of the data, the consumers. 

3 Our product  

3.1 Overview 
Primarily, we are serving two types of users: those who request data, which we call requesters, and those 
who provide it, which we call providers. Requesters are typically organizations, but anyone can buy 
INSTAR tokens and use them to submit a request for data to the Insights Network. Providers are users 
who comply with a data request by providing data; the ones who fit a data requesters’ target demographic 
are compensated for their data in INSTAR tokens. 
 
Requesters want to be able to collect data that is: 

● Relevant​. They want to be able to gather data from specific populations, for example, only those 
between the ages of 20 to 35. 

● Trustworthy​. The data that is collected is free from fraud. That is, the data is collected from 
targeted providers who have provided their data honestly. For example, requesters expect their 
surveys to be answered truthfully by their target demographic, and not say, a bot. 

● Timely and convenient​. Requesters should be able to get answers to their questions quickly 
without worrying about the details of how to reach their target demographic. 

 
Providers want assurance of the following. 

● Consent. ​Their data is not collected without their explicit permission. 
● Privacy. ​Sensitive information, such as who they are, is not provided, only broad demographic 

details. 
● Payment. ​They are paid for the data they provide. 
● Security. ​Their data is handled securely. 

 
Traditional marketing research firms collect data over a fixed period of time and provide a single report to 
their clients. On our platform, requesters would never have to close their request for data. Their reports, 
which they would be able to view at any point during data collection, are updated as data from providers 
is received and forwarded by the smart contract. 
 
As more data is available in our network, the data that the platform makes available to requesters becomes 
more comprehensive, which in turn gives the ability to design reports that are more comprehensive, 
including ones that combine data from more than one data request. Here are several examples on how the 
Insights Network could be used. 

● A polling firm may want to run a poll to see who would win if the presidential election were 
re-run at this moment in time. 

 
info@insights.network 5 



● McDonald’s may want to run a survey to solicit feedback on a new menu item. 
● University classes can administer surveys throughout the quarter or semester to get feedback on 

the quality of instruction on an ongoing basis. 
● A high-end auction can accept anonymous bids from verified individuals without having to 

perform KYC. 
 
A related group of use cases addresses so-called asymmetric information by profiling of individuals and 
companies. A financial example could be a lender that knows less about the borrower’s ability to pay 
back the loan than the borrower. This may result in higher interest rates to an otherwise low risk borrower 
to compensate for the average expected risk. The solution to this problem is information that can profile 
as many individuals and companies as possible to separate e.g. low-risk from high-risk borrowers. Similar 
problems arise in the insurance business, where the insurance company knows less about the insured 
parties’ profile. Another example is product differentiation, where the supplier lacks information about 
the customers’ preferences in order to define the most suitable menu of products or contracts. One 
example of the latter could be the problem of designing the right menu of mobile subscriptions with 
respect to price and data, etc. 
  
The Insights Network provides a platform that empowers the individual person or company to collaborate 
with e.g. banks and insurance companies to address this problem on equal terms. The Insights Network 
may become a unique source of information for profiling individuals and companies. 

3.2 Functionality 
The Insights Network is a secure infrastructure for decentralized data exchange, which has a number of 
different applications. In the beginning we will focus on surveys, but it will also be the foundation for 
other applications, such as royalty schemes, advertisements, and loyalty schemes. 
 
The Insights Networks consists of the following components: 

● Authentication 
● User profiles 
● Decentralized data brokerage 
● Surveys 
● Two-sided rating 

 
A requester is a user who places a request on the Insights Network to get information from a specific 
population of users. Providers are users who fulfill such a request.  

3.2.1 Authentication 
A common practice among apps today is to allow their users to login using their Facebook account. We 
are building a similar service for apps to allow their users to log in using their Insights Network account. 
This would appeal to users who do not want to disclose their identity to their apps. As an added benefit, 

 
info@insights.network 6 



apps can use the Insights Network to give tokens to their users as part of a reward program and allow 
them to cash them in for rewards, such as airline miles. 
 
The authentication is done confidentially using SMC. 

3.2.2 User profiles 
Users maintain an Insights Network profile. They can view their profile, which contains demographic 
information and other general, non-identifying information. They can make corrections, fill in missing 
details, and delete information. Furthermore, other than deleting information, they are minted INSTAR 
tokens to perform these actions.  
 
For example, a 25-year-old woman living in Los Angeles may want to receive ads related to her political 
interests, so she may choose to keep the line that indicates she is a Republican. But she may not wish to 
receive surveys in relation to being a single mom, so she would delete that line. She can also see that her 
profession is unknown, and she may choose to fill it out in exchange for INSTAR tokens. 
 
The user profiles are kept confidential either client-side or by using SMC.  

3.2.3 Decentralized data brokerage 
The basic purpose of Insights Network is to enable decentralized data exchange between providers and 
requesters, which consists of: 

● Matching providers’ profiles with the requester’s demand  
● Secure data transfer 
● Secure payment 

 
The data to be exchanged is initially survey data consisting of the relevant background information and 
user-supplied answers to the questionnaire. A unique combination of a blockchain and SMC secures the 
exchange of confidential information and payments without any third-party involvement.  

3.2.4 Surveys 
Anyone on the Insights Network, whether they are an individual or an organization, can publish a survey 
to the platform. The platform gives them the ability to specify a target demographic, as well as how many 
tokens users in the target demographic will receive when they submit a valid response. The process is as 
follows: 

1. A requester publishes a survey, specifying a target demographic.  
2. Users of our app who fit the target demographic get notified.  
3. Users fill out the survey, submit it to the Insights Network, and funds are transferred to their 

account.  
 

 
info@insights.network 7 



 

3.2.5 Two-sided rating 
To handle unwanted behavior, the Insights Network implements a two-sided rating system, whereby a 
requester may rate providers and vice versa. 
 
As a provider, it is possible to misuse the system and provide fake data. Some of this unwanted behavior 
can be detected by the requester while analyzing data. Giving the requester the opportunity to rate the 
providers will counteract such behavior. 
 
As requester, data may be used outside of the agreed purpose. Part of such unwanted behavior can be 
detected by the provider as the final reports are published. Giving the provider the opportunity to rate the 
requesters will counteract such behavior.  
 
Such decentralized regulation of unwanted behavior through two-sided rating is familiar from services 
like Uber and Airbnb. 

 
info@insights.network 8 



3.2.6 Example: Gambeal 
Gambeal is an iOS app that administers surveys to patrons of quick service restaurants, paying them a 
small cash reward for each survey they fill out. To prove their patronage, each user is required to attach a 
photo of their receipt along with each submission, which is validated prior to the rewards being issued. 
Gambeal has seen considerable growth without any deliberate marketing effort and processes thousands 
of transactions each week. It will be the first Insights Network partner app, and its success so far bodes 
well for other partner apps. 
 
As part of the integration, Gambeal will swap out the authentication system with the Insights Network’s 
SMC-based authentication system, which will allow users to log in without giving up their identity as, 
say, logging in with Facebook would. Only broad demographic details are released to the app, and by 
virtue of being part of the Insights Network, the user is able to monetize their data as they wish. 
 
In addition, Gambeal will switch away from cash rewards to the INSTAR token. Gambeal currently uses 
PayPal to make payments to users, which forces users to have to wait days for their rewards to appear in 
their PayPal account, as well as pay up to 3% in transaction fees. In addition to providing better privacy, 
using the Insights Network will allow Gambeal to process transactions quickly and at low cost to their 
users. Integrating with the Insights Network for authentication and rewards represents a clear 
improvement to the user experience. 

3.3 Technical challenges 
There are quite a few challenges that need to be solved. The following features of the Insights Network 
serve to enable as well as fulfill requests: 

● Identity verification​. Providers prove they are real people by authenticating with several 
verification partners -- such as a company that checks identity documentation, a service that 
performs background checks, or even their employer -- and getting a Digital Proof of Authenticity 
from the Insights Network, which they can use to prove their authenticity in transactions with 
requesters. Using techniques from distributed cryptography, the verification partners never 
relinquish their information to any other party, which preserves providers’ privacy, and providers 
are compensated in tokens for going through this process. 

● Incentivized market research​. Requesters can publish a survey and receive survey responses 
using the Insights Network smart contract. The smart contract sends tokens to providers in the 
target population who have submitted a valid data point. 

● Blockchain-verifiable results​. At requesters’ discretion, the data points of a data request could 
be recorded in the ledger for anyone to look at. Since the ledger is implemented using a 
blockchain, anyone looking at these records would have reasonable assurance that the data points 
have not been tampered with. This feature is important for certain kinds of surveys, such as polls 
and voting. If needed, the data can be encrypted using informationally-theoretically secure 
encryption on the blockchain. 

 
info@insights.network 9 



● Semantic validation of private data​. Without involving a third party, the provider will be able to 
withhold data until she receives payment from a requester and a requester will be able to withhold 
payment until the provider’s data is proven to be valid. 

4 Technical solutions 
The two primary technical components of our solution are a blockchain and protocols for performing 
Secure Multiparty Computation (SMC). Both of these technologies use distributed cryptography to 
remove the need to entrust a third party with a critical role in order to execute a transaction; that is, they 
are both “trustless.” At the same time, the two technologies provide complementary properties: A 
blockchain provides transparency, while SMC provides privacy. 
 
SMC has been incubating in academia for more than three decades. Its use in industry has been limited 
due to its computational expense. But in 2008, Partisia, a company in Denmark, released a commercial 
deployment of SMC for the first time, replacing a traditional auctioneer in a double auction. Since then, 
performance has improved by orders of magnitude and at this time is beginning to gain adoption in 
industry. 
 
Blockchains started with Bitcoin. Then Ethereum introduced a blockchain that supported smart contracts. 
We are betting that EOS, which uses a novel algorithm for block production to achieve a much higher 
transaction throughput than both Bitcoin and Ethereum, will be the next major blockchain, and it was 
what we will be building on. 
 
We see blockchains and SMC growing in prominence together. Furthermore, we think they will 
frequently be combined for their complementary traits, as we are doing in our system. Along with our 
partner Partisia, who are assisting with the design and implementation of our system, we believe we are 
starting a new trend in trustless computing. In this section, we go into how we plan on using SMC and a 
blockchain to address the challenges outlined in section 3.3. 

4.1 Blockchain 
A blockchain is an implementation of a tamper-resistant public ledger. The state of the ledger is 
determined by consensus among independently operated servers, which form a network called a 
blockchain network. It is impossible for a single server or even a small group of servers acting in 
collusion to tamper with ledger entries without being detected by the other servers. As long as there are 
enough independent, protocol-abiding servers in the network, the ledger is tamper-proof. 
 
In addition to keeping records of the movement of funds between accounts, blockchains are also capable 
of keeping records of changes to the state of a program. Programs that are hosted on a blockchain network 
are called smart contracts or decentralized apps. The Insights Network makes use of a blockchain and 
blockchain-based smart contracts for logging activities, assembling the output of a Secure Multiparty 
Computation, and transferring funds between accounts. 

 
info@insights.network 10 



4.1.1 EOS Blockchain Platform 
We are building on EOS, an upcoming blockchain operating system. Though it is unreleased, it is being 
developed rapidly, and as of this writing, we are currently building on the a local test node, as well as 
hedging our development by simultaneously building on Ethereum. This section goes into why we have 
chosen EOS. 
 
Prior to EOS, Dan Larimer, the architect of EOS, architected two successful blockchain projects, Steemit 
and BitShares. Steemit is the only blockchain app that handles a realistic workload, 17,000 daily active 
users (dau). Graphene, the blockchain used in BitShares, has shown it can handle 20,000 transactions per 
second on a network. When released, EOS will have the greatest throughput of any blockchain network 
currently in existence, which will be needed to handle the level of activity we expect in the Insights 
Network. 
 
In addition, EOS will have several features that make it suitable for operating an app such as the Insights 
Network. 

1. EOS allocates resources, such as transaction bandwidth, to each account according to the number 
of EOS tokens held by that account. It also allows apps to pay for their users’ usage, which means 
that users do not need to pay each time they use an app unlike with other blockchain networks, 
such as Ethereum. 

2. Smart contracts and decentralized apps (dApps) can be upgraded to introduce new features and 
fix bugs, which will allow us to improve the Insights Network rapidly in response to real-world 
usage. 

3. Many of our users are ordinary people, and there is no guarantee that their devices are secure; 
inevitably, some of their accounts will be compromised. Unlike other blockchain networks, EOS 
allows compromised accounts to be recovered with the help of a designated partner if they 
provide identity documentation and multi-factor authentication. 

 
A portion of the proceeds from our token sale will be used to acquire and hold EOS tokens. Holders of 
EOS tokens are provided guaranteed transaction bandwidth across the network without disruptions caused 
by other activity occurring on the EOS blockchain. For example, in the event of an ICO or even a 
denial-of-service attack, users are still entitled to their share of the transaction bandwidth. EOS calls this 
"rate limiting." 
 
Another consideration that is important to the Insights Network is security. Putting out a data request may 
involve paying out a large number of tokens. If someone were to make an unauthorized data request, an 
unwanted transaction would occur. EOS provides a couple of features that would help in this and other 
security-critical situations. 

1. EOS allows our users to require that some operations are approved by multiple parties. In the case 
of a data request, our users could stipulate that making a request requires approval by several 
people within their organization. According to the EOS white paper, this feature, which it calls 

 
info@insights.network 11 



“multi-user control,” “is the single biggest contributor to security, and, when used properly, it can 
greatly eliminate the risk of theft due to hacking.” 

2. EOS allows apps to add a delay before sensitive operations are recorded in the blockchain, which 
is when they become irreversible. During the waiting period, users are notified by email or text 
that the operation is occurring, and they are given a chance to stop it if they did not authorize it. 
In the case of a data request, our users would be alerted to unauthorized data requests and be 
given the opportunity to cancel them. 

 
We believe that EOS has a bright future. It is well-funded, having raised $185 million in just the first five 
days of its year-long token distribution, and we are well-supported by the EOS team. Given these and 
other considerations, we have determined EOS to be the closest fit for our needs. 

4.2 Secure Multiparty Computation (SMC) 
Secure Multiparty Computation belongs to a class of modern cryptographic solutions that enable 
computation on unknown data. This might seem impossible at first, but using the right cryptography, it is 
not, and in addition to SMC, this class of solutions includes techniques such as zkSNARKs and 
homomorphic encryption. SMC in particular achieves this goal by converting the computation into a 
distributed computation, in which no participant of the computation sees a full input but rather a 
derivation of it that does not on its own give information about the full input. 
 
The seminal aspects of this concept can be traced back to Shamir (1979), with the theory being founded in 
the 1980s (Chaum 1988). Although SMC was shown in theory to be generally applicable in the 
mid-1980s, the computational complexity of SMC prevented its practical use for two decades. The first 
large scale and commercial use of SMC was done by the Partisia, a Denmark-based company, in 2008, 
when they used SMC to replace a traditional auctioneer on a double auction (Bogetoft et al. 2009). 
 
Since 2008, the technology has matured both in terms of computational speed as well as the properties of 
the SMC protocols. The computational overhead has been reduced by approximately 1/1,000,000. The 
development of SMC can be traced by reading the following papers: Pinkas et al. (2009); Shelat and Shen 
(2011); Nielsen et al. (2012); Frederiksen and Nielsen (2013); Frederiksen and Nielsen (2014); Lindell 
and Riva (2015); and Nielsen et al. (2017). 
 
For help with designing and implementing our custom SMC protocols, we have partnered with Partisia, 
who in 2008 developed and deployed the first production implementation of SMC. Since then, they have 
spun out a service  for encrypting data that uses SMC to avoid having to store a full copy of any key on a 1

server, as well as a custom SMC-based dark pool for Tora , which processes $3 billion worth of 2

transactions on a daily basis. Finally, they also help to maintain an open-source SMC framework called 
FRESCO. Arguably, no other organization has greater depth and experience at production-grade 
implementations of SMC. 

1 www.sepior.com 
2 www.tora.com 

 
info@insights.network 12 



4.2.1 Custom SMC systems 
SMC is applicable to a diverse set of applications. It is not a single protocol but a growing class of 
solutions, each with different characteristics. A number of SMC systems have been devised to meet the 
specific needs of different applications, such as key management and financial order matching. 
 
Common to all SMC solutions are the following roles, which each person or organization holds one or 
more of: 

1. The ​Computing Parties​ are responsible for carrying out the distributed computation. 
2. The ​Input Parties​ have inputs for the computation that they would like to keep confidential. To 

this end, they use a technique called secret sharing to decompose each input into parts that are 
delivered to different Computing Parties. No Computing Party has more than one part for an 
input, and none of the parts alone give enough information to derive the original input. 

3. The ​Result Parties​ are the parties whom the Computing Parties send their results to. The Result 
Parties assemble the data they get from the Computing Parties into the result of the overall 
computation. 

 
Crucially, no party besides the Input Parties ever see the original inputs. 
 
Custom SMC systems may differ along the following parameters: 

● Basic operations.​ These are the operations that are used to define the computations. An SMC 
system will have either arithmetic or Boolean operations. 

○ Arithmetic operations​ are more convenient for expressing statistical analyses 
○ Boolean operations​ are more efficient at pattern matching. 

● Cryptographic primitives.​ An SMC system will use one or more of the following cryptographic 
operations. 

○ Secret sharing:​ a technique for splitting a piece of data into parts that by themselves do 
not give information about the original data. Secret sharing is very common in SMC 
systems. 

○ Oblivious transfer:​ a class of protocols for data transfer in which the sender sends one of 
several pieces of data but does not know which one. 

○ Homomorphic encryption:​ a class of schemes for producing ciphertexts that can be 
computed on. 

● Trust model 
○ Self-trust:​ A party assumes it can only trust itself. 
○ Honest majority:​ A party must rely upon the majority of the parties being honest. 

 
Different combinations of these parameters give rise to different properties: 

● Fault-tolerance:​ Under self-trust, all parties are needed for the computation to proceed, and the 
system will fail if even one of the parties is unable or unwilling to participate. Whereas if a 
system merely relies on there being an honest majority, the system can proceed to completion 
even if some of the parties fail to carry out their duties. 

 
info@insights.network 13 



● Security 
○ Passive security:​ As long as all Computing Parties follow the protocol, none of the 

parties learn anything besides the output of the computation. Also known as semi-honest 
security. 

○ Active security:​ None of the parties learn anything besides the output of the 
computation, even in the presence of malicious parties who are willfully trying to deviate 
from the protocol. 

○ Covert security:​ The system is able to identify that a party has a 50% probability of 
being malicious -- which is suspiciously high -- and take punitive measures. 

● Performance.​ Active security is often much less performant than passive security. Covert 
security provides similar guarantees to active security but is much more performant. 

 
Due to the nature of the technology, custom systems are necessary to achieve acceptable levels of 
performance. Partisia has been developing custom SMC systems since 2008 and will be helping the 
Insights Network with the design and implementation of a custom SMC system with the required security 
and performance guarantees. Notably, it will be one of the first SMC systems to interact with a 
blockchain. 

4.2.2 The Insights Network SMC solution 
SMC will be used to solve the following technological challenges in the Insights Network solution: 
SMC-based authentication and SMC-based profile matching and data point validation. To achieve good 
performance, we have designed custom protocols for each of these use cases. 
 
In our SMC-based authentication, the computation produces a Digital Proof of Authenticity, which can be 
thought of as a certificate, and is carried out by the provider, the Insights Network, and verification 
partners selected by the provider. The proof contains the provider’s EOS account name, basic 
demographic details, and is signed by the Insights Network. The more certainty there is around the 
provider’s authenticity -- that is, the more high-quality verification partners vouch for the provider and the 
more basic demographic details the provider provides -- the more she is paid. 
 
The SMC receives the following inputs, which remain unknown to all participants of the computation 
besides the original owner. 

● Insights supplies the private key used to sign the Digital Proof of Authenticity. 
● The provider supplies her EOS account name, which will be included in the Digital Proof of 

Authenticity, as well as demographic details she wants to include in the certificate. 
● Each verification partner, who are provided with the provider’s EOS account name, supplies basic 

demographic details. 
 
During the computation, the identity of the provider is verified and her basic demographic details are 
cross-checked. If successful, the requester gets a certificate she will be able to use to prove her 
authenticity in future transactions. 

 
info@insights.network 14 



For SMC-based profile matching and data point validation, we use a two-party SMC protocol with covert 
security between the requester and the provider. Covert security is a relaxed version of active security, in 
which a party can be proven to have a 50% probability of having cheated. Cheating can be punished and 
deterred by publishing proofs of cheating to the blockchain. By using covert security instead of fully 
active security, we are able to provide safeguards against malicious behavior while at the same time 
providing a vastly more performant solution, which is important for achieving a good user experience. 
 
A consideration we must take is that the Insights provider client may be running on a laptop or phone with 
limited network connectivity and computing power. The SMC protocol we have designed addresses these 
limitations with the following properties: 

● Minimal trips: There are only two rounds of communication between the requester and the 
provider, which minimizes the effect of network latency and poor connectivity. 

● Asymmetric computation: The requester will do the bulk of the work so that the provider’s 
computer or mobile device is not overloaded. 

 
Finally, using standard encryption schemes, it may be possible for someone in the future to take 
advantage of improved processing power to crack encrypted data stored on the blockchain using brute 
force. On the other hand, our system uses information-theoretically secure encryption, which cannot be 
cracked even if an attacker had unlimited time and computing resources. Hence, in our system, only the 
requester can decrypt the data they have purchased, both now and at any point in the future. 

4.3 Solving the technical challenges 

4.3.1 Proof of authenticity 
Providers preserve their anonymity while participating in the Insights Network. But requesters need to 
know that, even though they are anonymous, the providers who are fulfilling their data requests are real 
people who are being truthful about their characteristics. This is the process by which a provider provides 
this reassurance. 
 
Our system uses information from multiple parties in order to verify a provider’s identity. For example, 
one party might be the provider’s employer. Another party might take the provider’s state-issued identity 
document and validate it. 
 
We call these parties verification partners. If the provider passes verification, the system issues a digital 
proof of authenticity signed by the Insights Network and publishes it to the blockchain, where it is 
accessible to requesters. The digital proof of authenticity is a digital document containing the provider’s 
blockchain account name, which is used as the endpoint identifier in the peer-to-peer protocol that 
requesters and providers communicate over; it is similar in function to a TLS certificate. Using SMC, our 
system is designed to allow each party to provide the information they hold as an input to the verification 
process without disclosing it to the other parties. 
 

 
info@insights.network 15 



As regards identity verification, the inputs are the confidential information held by the verification 
partners, and the computation to be performed is verifying that information and generating a digital proof 
of authenticity. When the SMC computing parties are finished with their sub-computations, they send 
their intermediate results to the provider who assembles them into a digital proof of authenticity, signed 
by the Insights Network. 
 
The Insights Network is not assigned a sub-computation but contributes its private key as an input, which 
is used in the computation to generate the signature for the digital proof of authenticity.  

4.3.2 Submitting a data request 
For a small fee, a requester can send a data request to the Insights smart contract. The request would 
include a survey for providers to fill out, a pattern describing the target population, and how much to pay 
for a valid data point. The request would also include tokens to be held in escrow for the smart contract to 
pay out to qualified providers who have submitted valid data points. For extra security, since a large 
number of tokens could be involved, the requester could stipulate that each request be approved by 
multiple parties from their organization using the blockchain operating system’s permission system. Once 
a requester is satisfied with the data points they have received, the requester can close out the data 
request, and any tokens remaining in escrow are returned to the requester’s account. 

4.3.3 Fulfilling a data request 
Periodically, the Insights Network client used by the provider will check with the Insights Network smart 
contract to see if there are open data requests. It downloads them locally and uses the provider’s profile to 
select which ones to display to the provider. This section describes the process by which a provider 
submits a data point for a data request. 
 
The provider chooses a data request and fills out the corresponding survey, which creates a data point. 
She then sends her certificate to the requester, along with the data request ID, to indicate interest in 
submitting a data point. The requester uses the Insights Network’s public key to ensure that the certificate 
is valid and ensures that the name of the provider matches the account name in the certificate. If these 
check out, the requester generates a secret key that can be later used to encrypt (as well as decrypt) the 
data point and initiates a Secure Multiparty Computation with the provider. 
 
Both parties provide inputs to the computation, which the protocol prevents from being disclosed to the 
other party. The provider provides her profile and the data point she created. The requester provides a 
profile pattern, a data format, and a secret key, which he generated for this particular submission and 
stored for later use. 
 
The computation, which the two parties carry out cooperatively, consists of checking to see if the data 
point fits the data format and encrypting the data point using the secret key. Sub-computations are derived 
from this computation and assigned to the two parties who carry out them out and send the results to the 
smart contract for assembly into the final result. If the final result is an encrypted data point, as opposed to 

 
info@insights.network 16 



an empty value, then the smart contract sends the provider the tokens she is entitled to according to the 
terms of the data request. If not, then the data point was invalid, and her rating is reduced. 
 
Notably, the encryption scheme used in our system is information-theoretically secure. That is, even if an 
attacker had unlimited computing power and time, he would not be able to crack the data point. This 
means that we can store the encrypted data point on the blockchain without having to worry that someone 
will be able to crack it ten years from now when computing resources have improved, which a naïve 
encryption scheme would be vulnerable to. 
 

 

4.3.4 Profile matching 
A provider is only qualified to submit a data point if her profile matches a pattern provided by the 
requester. One way this could be implemented is for the provider to send her profile to the requester for 
vetting. But this could be a breach of privacy, since profiles may contain information that providers may 

 
info@insights.network 17 



prefer not to disclose. And in any case, the extent to which requesters need to know what is in a profile is 
whether it matches the pattern they are looking for; they don't actually need to know the profile's exact 
contents. For example, a requester may only need to know that a provider's age is from 21 to 30, not that 
the provider is 25 years old. 
 
As described in Section 4.3.3, profile matching in our system is done inside a Secure Multiparty 
Computation. The provider provides her profile as an input to the SMC, which by virtue of the protocol is 
never exposed to the requester. 

4.3.5 Secure exchange of validated data 
Consider a requester and a provider. The requester is willing to buy data from the provider if the data 
meets certain requirements. But the provider is not willing to let the requester see the data prior to 
receiving payment, because if the requester is in possession of the data, the requester may choose to take 
it without paying. At the same time, the requester is not willing to pay for the provider’s data unless they 
know the data is “good,” which the requester defines as matching a pattern. 
 
In our system, a data point is validated and encrypted inside a Secure Multiparty Computation. The 
provider and requester carry out sub-computations, but it is the smart contract that assembles the results 
together into the final result. Effectively, storing the validated and encrypted data point on the blockchain, 
which delivers the data to the requester, and sending payment to the provider occur in one transaction, 
which has the advantage of either completely failing or completely succeeding; that is, either a valid data 
point is delivered to the requester and tokens are sent to the provider or neither occur. 

4.3.6 Storage 
The major categories of data that pass through the Insights Network are providers’ profiles, providers’ 
data points, and the information used during the identity verification process for providers. Profiles will 
be simply stored on provider’s local devices. Data points will be stored in encrypted form in the state of 
the Insights Network smart contract, which is recorded on the ledger. Profiles are used for population 
targeting, but SMC ensures they remain private. 

4.3.7 Provider’s demographic  
Providers keep a profile, which includes demographic information, in their Insights Network client. Some 
of the fields in the profile are fixed, such as sex and year of birth. Others are mutable, such as household 
income and relationship status. 
 
Providers may change mutable fields, but each change is logged in the blockchain. Requesters may use 
this information to avoid fraud; for example, a requester may want to avoid requesters who have changed 
their household income more than three times over the past three years. Also, if a requester detects 
suspicious activity, for a fee, he may flag the provider in our two-sided rating system. 

 
info@insights.network 18 



5 Token Economics 

5.1 Two-sided Marketplace 
The Insights Network is a platform that facilitates transactions between two distinct groups: requesters 
and providers. Requesters need information from providers and are willing to pay to get it. This dynamic 
is known as a two-sided marketplace. 
 
Two-sided marketplaces are notoriously difficult to start up. The primary reason for a requester to place a 
request on the Insights Network is that it has providers who will fulfill it. At the same time, the primary 
reason for providers to join the Insights Network is that there are enough requests placed in order to make 
money. At the beginning, there are not enough of either group on the platform to attract the other. 
 
To help with starting up the marketplace, we are issuing a new ERC-20 token, which we call INSTAR. 
Users who place their data into the Insights Network and participate in market research will be rewarded 
with INSTAR tokens. Holders of INSTAR tokens will be able to place data requests or sell them to 
people who want to.  
 
Providers will be able to sell the tokens paid out to them to future requesters, cash them out for things like 
airline miles or branded gift cards in the reward store, and send them to other users using the Insights 
Network wallet. As providers join the Insights Network, more requesters will be attracted to join and 
place data requests, which in turn would attract even more providers. This is known as a network effect, 
which could result in the network growing very large. 

 

 
info@insights.network 19 



 

5.2 Distribution of Tokens 
Tokens will be distributed in the following way: 

 
 
Total Supply of INSTAR Tokens: 300MM 

● 5% of tokens will be sold in a pre-sale at a discounted rate to the token sale 
● 35% of tokens will be sold in the token sale 
● 30% of tokens will be dedicated to the ecosystem 
● 30% of tokens will be reserved by the company for team, advisors, operations, future engineering 

hires, R&D 
 
90 million tokens will be issued to the ecosystem to be used as payment for early users to fill out their 
profiles, as well as participate in market research conducted by the Insights Network and early partners. 
By minting ecosystem coins to early adopters, we create hundred of millions of data points that create a 
viable data network for requesters to tap into. For example, if each early adopter receives a token for 
importing ten simple pieces of verified data into their client, these 90 million tokens generate 900 million 
data points for the Insights Network. 
 
90 million INSTAR tokens will be set aside for the Company to be used as compensation for the Insights 
Network team, including the founders, employees, and advisors, which will incentivize them to increase 
the demand for the services offered by the Insights Network, and thus the demand for INSTAR tokens, by 
making it a compelling place to conduct market research.  
 

 
info@insights.network 20 



It should be noted that during beta testing of the Insights Network Desktop Client, an Insights ERC-20 
token will be used until the EOS platform is fully functioning and public, at which point there will be a 
one-time migration for token holders to swap their ERC-20 INSTAR tokens for the equivalent INSTAR 
EOS currency. 
 
Token Sale Cap - 22,000 ETH 

5.3 Use of Funds 
Development - 50% 
Operations - 25% 
Marketing - 15% 
Legal - 10% 
 

6 Team 
Brian Gallagher - W.P.  Carey School of Business, Y-Combinator 
Darwin Lo - Stanford Computer Science, Y-Combinator 
Brandan Zaucha - W.P. Carey School of Business, Y-Combinator 
Dylan Herman - Univ. Illinois, Engineering 
Sebastian Leon - MIT Computer Science, Twitter, Data Science 
Kurt Nielsen - CEO, Partisia, PhD Economics 
Jesper Buus Nielsen - Research Scientist, PhD Cryptography, SMC, Co-founder Partisia 
Peter Frands Frandsen - Computer Science, Aarhus University, Technical Director Partisia 
 
If you have a passion for big data, are a computer scientist and love startups, contact us 
team@insights.network 

6.1 Advisors 
Jason Hamlin- A.C. Nielsen Data, Founder, Goldstockbull.com 
Andrew Rosener - Founder, CEO, MediaOptions 
Dino Amaral - Ph.D. Cryptography 
Claudio Orlandi - Ph.D Cryptographic Protocol Design 

6.2 Partners 
Partisia is a pioneer in commercial implementations of SMC. The first large-scale and commercial use of 
SMC was done by Partisia in 2008 when it replaced a traditional auctioneer in a double auction for 
production contracts. Other key accomplishments include a spin-out called Sepior, which uses SMC to 
offer a pure cloud solution for trustless key management, and a spin-out called Secata, which provides 

 
info@insights.network 21 



off-exchange matching on financial markets for securities, as well as various privacy-preserving statistical 
analyses, such as collaborative credit rating. 

7 Roadmap Draft 
Insights: Q1-Q3 2017 

● Proof of Concept  
● Launch the Insights Network website 
● Development work initiates on EOS test net 

Insights: Q4 2017 
● Updated white paper to include SMC 
● Token Pre-sale 
● Final platform specification with Blockchain and SMC  

Insights: Q1 2018 
● INSTAR Token CrowdSale 
● INSTAR Wallet Integration Gambeal App Live on iOS 
● INSTAR Platform online in alpha (with running implementations of SMC and blockchain) 

Insights: Q2 2018 
● INSTAR App Client Beta ERC-20 tokens redeemable in client 
● INSTAR Platform in private beta with integrated blockchain rewards for SMC transactions 

Insights: Q3 2018 
● INSTAR Platform v1.0 with confidential requester criteria  
● EOS Platform Beta Opens 

Insights: Q4 2018 
● INSTAR EOS blockchain Consumer Client Fully Functional  

Insights: Q1 2019 
● INSTAR is a fully decentralized platform 

8 Conclusion 
Data brokers collect intimate information on individuals without their permission and sell them to anyone 
who is willing to pay, even organizations that have considerable influence over the course of their lives, 
including universities, hospitals, and insurance companies. This is not just an invasion of privacy; it is 
surveillance. And there is little that consumers can do to stop this practice, even if they are among the few 
who know it is happening. 
 
Fortunately, governments throughout the world are cracking down on data brokers. The European Union 
has enacted the General Data Protection Regulation, which regulates how organizations should handle 
what it calls “personal data.” Brazil prohibits transmitting data to another party that contains Personally 
Identifiable Information (PII). In the United States, Senator Edward Markey (D-MA) is sponsoring a bill 
called the Data Broker Accountability and Transparency Act of 2017. 
 

 
info@insights.network 22 



We will work to promote regulations that demand a higher standard for the handling of sensitive, personal 
information. But even in the absence of regulations, we believe that our solution will be superior to 
existing data brokers and will win in a free market competition by providing superior information and 
putting consumers in control of their own data. 
 
We predict that, in 10-20 years, due to the rise of decentralized technology, there will be no 
intermediaries. Organizations will use our platform to transact with consumers directly for their data. 
Organizations currently pay $200 billion per year for this data -- Forbes predicts that this will only grow. 
We think the Insights Network will grow to meet this demand and shift control and profit away from 
middle men such as Acxiom to the data’s rightful owners, the consumers. 

9 Sources 
1. EOS.IO Technical White Paper 
2. Multi Party Computation: From Theory to Practice 
3. The secretive world of selling data about you (Newsweek) 
4. 6 predictions for the $125 billion Big Data Analytics market in 2015 (Forbes) 
5. Acxiom database hacked (Computerworld) 
6. Equifax announces cybersecurity incident involving consumer information (Equifax) 
7. Bogetoft P, Christensen DL, Damgaard IB, Geisler M, Jakobsen T, Kroejgaard M, Nielsen JD, 

Nielsen, JB, Nielsen K, Pagter J, Schwartzbach MI and Toft T (2009) Secure multiparty 
computation goes live, Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol 5628, pp. 325–343. 

8. Chaum D, Crepeau C, and Damgaard IB. (1988) Multiparty unconditionally secure protocols 
(extended abstract). In 20th ACM STOC, Chicago, Illinois, USA,May 24, 1988, ACM Press, pp. 
11–19. 

9. Shamir A (1979) How to share a secret, in Communications of the ACM 22, 11, pp. 612–613. 
10. Pinkas B, Schneider T, Smart NP and Williams SC (2009) Secure Two-Party Computation Is 

Practical. Asiacrypt 2009. 
11. Shelat A and Shen C (2011) Two-output Secure Computation With Malicious Adversaries. 

EUROCRYPT 2011. 
12. Nielsen JB, Nordholt PS, Orlandi C and Burra SS (2012): A New Approach to Practical 

Active-Secure Two-Party Computation. CRYPTO 2012. 
13. Frederiksen TK and Nielsen JB (2013) Fast and Maliciously Secure Two-Party Computation 

Using the GPU. ACNS 2013. 
14. Frederiksen TK and Nielsen JB (2014) Faster Maliciously Secure Two-Party Computation Using 

the GPU. SCN 2014.  
15. Lindell Y and Riva B (2015) Blazing Fast 2PC in the Offline/Online Setting with Security for 

Malicious Adversaries. CCS 2015.  
16. Nielsen BN, Schneider T and Trifiletti R (2017) Constant Round Maliciously Secure 2PC with 

Function-independent Preprocessing using LEGO. NDSS 2017. 
 

 
info@insights.network 23 






