






















InsureX 
An Insurance Marketplace based on Blockchain 

June 25, 2017 

 

 

   

 



Content 
 

1. Executive Summary 2 
1.1  Introduction 2 
1.2  The Insurance Market Today 2 
1.3  The Problem 2 
1.4  Opportunity 2 
1.5  Business Model 3 

2. The InsureX Platform 3 
2.1  Key Features 4 
2.1.1  List and market insurance products 4 
2.1.2  Transaction Execution 4 
2.1.3  Portfolio Management 5 
2.1.4  Market Insights 5 

2.2  Technology 6 
2.2.1  Blockchain 6 
2.2.2  Private, High-Performance Storage 6 
2.2.3  Application Stack 7 

2.3  Data and API Services 7 
2.4  Target Audience 7 
2.5  Evolving the Platform 7 

3.  IXT - The InsureX Token 8 
3.1  IXT Token Burn 8 
3.2  Getting IXT 8 
3.3  IXT Crowdsale 8 
3.4  IXT Pricing Model 9 
3.5  IXT Bonus Model 9 
3.6  IXT Distribution 9 
3.7  Budget Allocation 10 

4. Roadmap 11 

5. The Company 11 
5.1  The Leadership Team 12 

6. References 14 

 
 

1 



1. Executive Summary 

1.1  Introduction 
InsureX is creating an alternative marketplace for insurance products. Our goal is to transform the way the 
market trades and manages insurance products. This paper gives an overview of our approach. 

1.2  The Insurance Market Today 
The insurance market counts for $3.92 trillion or 5.7 percent of global economic output [1]. Preliminary 
estimates suggest that this is the volume of the gross written premiums generated by insurers across the globe 
in 2015.  
 
The Association of British Insurers estimated the value of assets under management held by insurance 
companies at $2.032 trillion. In the UK, 305,500 people are employed within the industry. [2] 
 
London is the capital of the global insurance market in Europe with a long history as a marketplace for all 
kinds of insurance. Insurance is traded in traditional ways, often manually and with several layers of 
intermediaries. The inefficiencies have resulted in most of the major insurance institutions taking a keen 
interest in blockchain technology with the hope it will provide a modern, more streamlined alternative. 

1.3  The Problem 
Most insurance is traded via third parties such as brokers and other intermediaries. This adds costs, time and 
complexity to the process. It should be noted that brokers can fill important functions in the market [3], for 
example when insurance is restructured to match the needs of reinsurers. 
 
The insurance industry as whole has not yet adopted or embraced new technology to meet the demand of 
new products and the increasing concerns about data privacy. Increased competition and changes in 
consumer behavior are moving them in this direction. 
 
Insurance processes that manage risk, premiums and claims typically involve a significant exchange of data 
between multiple parties. Currently, the different parties would store their own copies of data, and process it 
individually. This makes it difficult to synchronise and collaborate through a shared process. 

1.4  Opportunity 
Located near the City of London, and working with some of the largest insurers and reinsurers in the world, 
we are well positioned to create a new, alternative insurance marketplace. 
 

2 



InsureX offers a disruptive environment which will be beneficial to the currently outdated insurance sector. 
Participants in this marketplace are able to transact business in a highly efficient, secure and consistent 
manner with easy access to historical data and valuable market insight. The InsureX platform uses 
blockchain technology to streamline the process between buyers and sellers of insurance products. Not only 
does it provide a place to find and trade insurance, but a platform to manage the downstream processes 
related to programs, policies, premiums and claims. 

1.5  Business Model 
InsureX charges a commission on transactions being executed on the marketplace and an annual subscription 
for memberships. As the InsureX community grows the transaction volumes will increase and new products 
and services will be available.  

2. The InsureX Platform 
The InsureX marketplace is primarily for institutions such as insurers, reinsurers and brokers. Bringing these 
participants together directly results in an efficient, cost-effective and transparent marketplace. 
 

 

3 



2.1  Key Features 

2.1.1  List and market insurance products 

Products can be listed to a public audience or limited to a selected group of buyers only. A product listing 
includes the key characteristics and potentially targets specific regions and markets. The flexibility we offer 
allows the maximum chance for successful matching. 
 

 

Marketplace view displaying a search result 
of several insurance products and their high 
level information. 

 
During the subsequent negotiation and pricing our communication and document sharing functionality 
make the process simple and transparent. 

2.1.2  Transaction Execution 
When the parties have agreed on the terms, a transaction is added to the distributed ledger. Our blockchain 
solution ensures that everyone can see the same transaction details and documents. 
 
Because of the shared nature of blockchain, there is no need for a third party to verify and confirm the 
transaction. Participants in the transaction who have the right permissions will be able to see the same 
information in real-time. 
 

4 



 

A detailed view of an example insurance 
product. The record is saved on the 
blockchain with the associated address hash 
on the top-right side. 

2.1.3  Portfolio Management 
Our portfolio functionality allows you to get an overview of the transactions you have executed and a 
summary view of key metrics. The portfolios are hierarchical and can be nested to form complex structures 
to help with organisation and structuring. 
 
High-level information such as risk, premium, claims and performance information is available and can be 
visualised and exported. 

2.1.4  Market Insights 
InsureX is able to provide a detailed overview of market activity across regions, market sectors, exposures etc. 
The ability to aggregate statistics gives an unparallelled view of the insurance market. 
 

 

An overview of the InsureX dashboard 
displaying various market data and user 
notifications. This dashboard allows each 
user to customize and monitor data based 
on their requirements. 

5 



2.2  Technology 
The InsureX architecture is a highly scalable and robust combination of the latest technology advances in 
blockchain, UX and server side approaches. 
 

 

2.2.1  Blockchain 
Our marketplace leverages blockchain technology which offers all participants consistent, shared and secure 
processes. The nature of the decentralized blockchain allows a completely trustless interaction between 
parties which removes third party costs and commissions.  
 
Our platform leverages the Ethereum blockchain and its smart contracts which provide a comprehensive 
development environment and a large community [4].  

2.2.2  Private, High-Performance Storage 
In order to process certain transactions, private and confidential information is required to be stored and 
exchanged. Our storage is a secured NoSQL data fabric. It compliments the blockchain network by providing 

6 



fast access to data such as medical records or other confidential information. Multiple levels of security, 
external authentication and strong usage profiling are included. 

2.2.3  Application Stack 
The UI is implemented using React which is fast and responsive. We use a Node.js backend which handles 
most of the business logic. The React and Node.js combination has proven to be a very fast, lightweight and 
robust approach. 
 
The UI renders on tablets and phones and as part of our roadmap we’re developing a mobile app, in order to 
take advantage of the native phone and tablet capabilities. 

2.3  Data and API Services 
InsureX will generate large amounts of data which will be of huge value to our customers. The data will 
provide a market insight which does not exist today. External companies are able to utilise this data as part 
of their solutions, even if they are not directly using the InsureX marketplace. 
 
Parts of our software will be open source, available to other insurance solution vendors to use. By doing this 
we aim to create a strong ecosystem and with an active community of adopters. 

2.4  Target Audience 
InsureX marketplace is for participants of the insurance industry and the core benefit to our users will be the 
ability to search and match the various needs as an insurer or reinsurer. 
 

● Reinsurer. ​Buy insurance programs or selling i.e. retrocession insurance. 
● Insurers.​ Sell insurance products to reinsurers i.e. risk transfer. 
● Brokers.​ Provide tailormade structures and other services. 
● General Companies.​ Companies who wish to insure their goods, property or people will be able to 
join the platform. 

 
In order to do certain things like listing of insurance products, a Know-Your-Customer KYC process will be 
in place. 

2.5  Evolving the Platform 
There are many areas we aim to expand into once the initial platform is rolled out: 
 

● Independent risk and valuation services. 
● Direct consumer products. 
● Automated brokering service. 

 

7 



3. IXT - The InsureX Token 
The IXT Token is used to power the InsureX platform and works as a mean to reward or get rewarded for 
participation in the marketplace. Each activity on the platform has an associated cost specified in IXT. As 
activities are carried out on the platform, IXT is transferred from one participant to another. As a result of 
executing these activities, the platform will be rewarded a fee.  
 
The tokens serve several functions in our environment: 
 

● Transaction execution reward 
● Reward for providing data 
● Platform access 
● API licences 

 
Example 
1. Participant A creates an insurance quote in the marketplace and provides the required IXT. 
2. Participant B and participant C get notified and respond with their offers. 
3. The selected participant gets rewarded with IXT. 

3.1  IXT Token Burn 
Of all fees collected by the platform, a portion is burnt. This introduces a predictable and effective reward 
structure for using IXT. The remainder is reinvested in the operation and growth of the platform. 

3.2  Getting IXT 
IXT can be bought from the InsureX platform or from most token exchanges. 

3.3  IXT Crowdsale 
IXT will be issued during our crowdsale. Once completed, no further tokens will be generated. The sale will 
last three weeks from the 11th of July to the 31th of July. 
 
A maximum of 130,000,000 IXT tokens will be generated, of those 30,000,000 tokens will be kept as reserve. 
A maximum of 100,000,000 IXT will be sold during the crowdsale, any remaining tokens will be burned. 
 
Example: If 40,000,000 IXT are sold during the crowdsale then the remaining 60,000,000 will be burned. 
This would result in a total pool of 70,000,000 which equals to the number of sold tokens plus the InsureX 
reserve of 30,000,000. 
 
Tokens will be issued in 5 tiers, each with an associated bonus model (see below).  

8 



Ownership of IXT carries no rights other than the right to exchange and claim over the platform. IXT does 
not represent or confer any ownership right or stake, share or security or equivalent rights, intellectual 
property rights or any other form of participation relating to the InsureX Platform. 

3.4  IXT Pricing Model 
Launching price formula: 
 

rice ase price (1 f (x))P = B *  +   
 
x​ represents the current tier.  
 
f(x)​ represents the normal distribution with a mean of 0 and a standard deviation of 3. 

3.5  IXT Bonus Model 
The base price of IXT is 1,125 per ETH. The price for each tier is calculated on a bonus model and the 
distribution of the tiers is based on a first-come-first-serve basis. Early investment will benefit from the 
highest bonus, which will diminish down to 0% bonus at the last tier. 
 
The bonus model will follow what has been sold during the pre-sale. Example: We sell 7,000 ETH during the 
presale, hence the 1st tier will start at 7001 and add 1,634 ETH on top of that. We continue through the tiers 
until the maximum goal of 83,778 ETH has been reached. 
 

Tier  Ether Amount  Number of Tokens  Bonus  IXT Per ETH 

1  1,634  2,500,000  36%  1 ETH - 1,530 IXT 

2  1,852  2,500,000  20%  1 ETH - 1,350 IXT 

3  15,456  20,000,000  15%  1 ETH - 1,294 IXT 

4  20,392  25,000,000  9%  1 ETH - 1,226 IXT 

5  -  Remaining IXT  0%  1 ETH - 1,125 IXT 

 
If by the end of the crowdsale the initial goal is not reached then all funds are returned to their respective 
owners. 
 
InsureX reserves the right to change the number of tokens in the tiers before the crowdsale begins. 

9 



3.6  IXT Distribution 
 

● Crowdsale Pool:​ maximum of 100,000,000 IXT. 
● InsureX Reserve: 20,000,000 IXT. This portion will be allocated to reward early adopters and                           
provide liquidity to the market if required. 

● InsureX Team:​ 10,000,000 IXT. This will be allocated as rewards for advisors and team. 

3.7  Budget Allocation 
The funding raised through the crowdsale will be used to accelerate the building of the InsureX platform to 
move it from Beta into Production in partnership with a number of insurance and reinsurance partners 
during Q4-2017. 
 
Pending on the success of the crowdsale, the distribution of funds will mainly go towards development, 
infrastructure and key hires such as senior actuaries, underwriters and brokers. 
 

 
● InsureX Team Expansion 70% -  ​The majority of the funding budget will go towards an expansion of 
the InsureX development team who will implement our proprietary functionality. Additional 
industry specialists will be hired. 
 
Some of the roles we plan to hire (either as permanent or consultants): 

○ 5 UX Developers 

10 



○ 5 Ethereum Developers 
○ 3 JavaScript Server Developers 
○ 5 Testers with focus on automation 
○ Underwriter/Actuary 
○ Sales and Marketing 

 
● Compliance and Legal 10% - ​A share of the funds will be set aside legal and compliance in order to 
establish the business. 

 
● Business Development 10% - ​The business development budget will allow to raise awareness of our 
platform within the insurance sector. 

 
● Reserve 10% - ​A portion of the funds will be set aside for any future unforeseen costs. 

4. Roadmap 
Q2 - 2017: 

● R&D​. Research into blockchain technology and insurance markets. 
● Prototype​. The development team starts to work on a first prototype of the product. 
● Establish partnerships​. Establish relationships with people from the insurance and blockchain 
industry. 

 

Q3 - 2017: 
● Funding​. Launching of the crowdsale campaign. 
● Team expansion​. Insurex will expand the development team and hire experts in the insurance and 
development sectors. 

● MVP​. Fully functional version of the platform with minimal functionality.. 
 

Q4 - 2017: 
● Sign up 10 clients​. Having 10 clients using the platform in daily operation. 
● Extend downstream processes​. 
● Service organisation​. Set up a support team to help clients. 
● General availability​. Initial version available for all the client. 

 

Q1 - 2018: 
● Go to market​. Establish a sales and support organisation. 
● Scale the platform​. Ensure the platform can scale up. 

11 



5. The Company 
InsureX was founded in London in 2017. The concept came from Ingemar Svensson, whose company 
Finserve.io was working with various insurance clients who frequently brought up blockchain and the idea of 
an alternative marketplace. 
 
Shortly after, InsureX engaged a reinsurance company in London who agreed to further explore how this 
platform could improve security, administration and cost. 
 
Cristina Dolan also joined as co-founder and her experience from the startup sector, technology expertise 
and her commitment to the blockchain community is the ideal fit for the growth and acceleration of 
InsureX. 

5.1  The Leadership Team 
Ingemar Svensson, Founder & CEO/CTO 
Before founding InsureX, Ingemar was the CTO of Risk and Valuation at SunGard Asset Management. His 
experience ranges from managing large organisations to hands-on software development. Ingemar has spent 
20 years building mission critical systems in various roles at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays Capital, 
Lehman Brothers and Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance.  
 
Cristina Dolan, Co-founder & COO 
Cristina is an ​MIT Media Lab​ alumna and Internet pioneer with over two decades of experience building 
software, content, and Internet based products and businesses. She was a co-founder of OneMain.com, which 
grew to be the 10th largest ISP after a successful IPO (Acquired by ​Earthlink​). She is a member of Forbes 
Technology Council and in 2016 was judge at the IBM Blockchain Hackathon. Cristina is Chair of the MIT 
Enterprise Forum in New York were several events have been hosted with industry leaders covering 
blockchain technology and opportunities. In 2017 she was honored with Harold E. Lobdell Distinguished 
Service Award from MIT for her work in promoting computer science. 
 
Mikael Olofsson, Co-founder & Entrepreneur in Residence 
Mikael has over 17 years experience from the financial markets and start-up sector. Previous to founding 
InsureX he was Co-founder of TikkR.co an on-demand insurance platform with participation of the 
InsurTech Accelerator Program in 2017 at Startupbootcamp.org in London. Before this Mikael worked as 
Senior Equity Derivatives Broker and Commodities Broker in London, New York, Geneva and Paris. 
Previous employees includes ICAP and SCB Group. 
 
Valdi Kamenarov, Architect 
Valdi worked at News Corp UK where he took part in the development of their Customer Management 
Platform. His role varied from analyzing business requirements, system design and developing strategic 
business functionality to supporting their live systems.  

12 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earthlink
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_Media_Lab


 
Nicolas Cherence, Lead Ethereum Developer 
Nicolas worked in the SocGen CIB Front Office on the Delta One trading desk. After that he joined a 
financial software company and worked on a Front to Back Office application. He holds a master’s degree in 
statistical and financial engineering from Paris IX Dauphine University. 
 
Charlotte Holmen, Lead UX Developer 
Charlotte’s last role was the first developer hired at the startup Doctify.co.uk. As a full stack developer she 
and her team took the product from scratch to the award winning product it is today. She also has a previous 
career as a journalist and editor. Among many gigs he featured her own page in one of Swedens largest travel 
magazines. 
 
Advisory Board 
Ross Campbell, Chief Underwriter General Re, London 
Ross is a veteran of insurance industry with more than 30 years of experience. As Chief Underwriter, 
Life/Health Research & Development of General Re in Europe he will give InsureX unprecedented insight 
and understanding of how the industry tackles today’s challenges.  
 
Nick Pester, Partner, Head Of Insurance & InsurTech at Capital Law LLP, London 
Nick leads the Insurance & InsurTech practice at Capital Law, where they provide the insurance sector with 
a 
more niche / specialist offering grounded in a highly commercial approach. As part of this they advise 
InsurTech companies across the full range of legal and commercial issues encountered within the space, 
looking to connect Insurers and InsurTech operators to their mutual benefit wherever possible. 
 
Timo Schlaefer, Co-founder / CEO Crypto Facilities Ltd, London, UK 
Timo is CEO/co-founder of Crypto Facilities Ltd in London which is a digital asset trading platform who is 
embracing the demand of new cryptocurrencies. Timo was before that VP Quantitative Modelling with 
Goldman Sachs in London. 
 
Ransu Salovaara, Senior Adviser & CEO TokenMarket 
Ransu is a ​financial industry executive specialised in cryptocurrencies, digital assets and blockchain 
technology. Serving as the current CEO of TokenMarket InsureX has secured the very best knowledge 
and experience in this evolving field. 
 
   

13 



6. References 
 
[1] Allianz - Global insurance markets: URL: 
https://www.allianz.com/en/economic_research/publications/working_papers/insurance_markets/GVM
260416e/ 
 
[2] Association of British Insurers, Keyfact 2016 : “UK Insurance and Long Term Savings, Key Facts” 
 
[3] Peter Maas, University of St.Gallen, “How Insurance Brokers create value - A Functional Approach”, 
Working papers on risk management and insurance NO. 27 (September 2016) 
 
[3] Dr. Gavin Wood, “ETHEREUM: A SECURE DECENTRALISED GENERALISED TRANSACTION 
LEDGER”, Eip-150 Revision, URL: ​http://gavwood.com/Paper.pdf 
 

14 

https://www.allianz.com/en/economic_research/publications/working_papers/insurance_markets/GVM260416e/
http://gavwood.com/Paper.pdf
https://www.allianz.com/en/economic_research/publications/working_papers/insurance_markets/GVM260416e/

