











































WHITE PAPER I 25.06.18 I STATUS: PUBLIC SALE
PUBLIC SALE STARTS: 26.04.2018, 9.00AM GMT



Overview

The intimate token white paper describes how intimate will transform 
the establishment of trust and the execution of payments beginning with 
the adult industry. intimate will support providers of adult goods, content, 
interactive content and in-person interactions. 

intimate is a pseudonymous reputation framework for decentralized markets. 
intimate enables safe transactions in a permissionless environment via 
trustless two-party escrow, and enables pseudonymous users to check a 
counterparty’s reputation before entering into a transaction.

The team driving intimate and its ongoing platform development is described 
in the white paper. Additionally this white paper outlines the purchase process 
for the token sale, the method of distribution of the tokens and how the tokens 
will be used to drive this project forward in coming years.

Contents
Overview ..........................................................................................2

Background ...................................................................................3

What is intimate ..........................................................................4

Benefits ............................................................................................5

Key Principles ................................................................................ 7

Parties ...............................................................................................9

Pivotal Components ................................................................. 11

Processes ....................................................................................... 13

Businesses ................................................................................... 23

Deployment ................................................................................ 24

Trust and Security .................................................................... 25

Use Cases ...................................................................................... 26

Road Map .....................................................................................30

Tech industry Support for intimate ................................. 31

Partners ......................................................................................... 32

Token Detail ................................................................................ 33

intimate core team ................................................................. 35

Next Steps ....................................................................................40

Connect with intimate .......................................................... 42

Token Purchase Enquiries ................................................... 43

Media Enquiries ........................................................................ 43

References ................................................................................... 44

Glossary ......................................................................................... 45

2 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Background

The adult industry and innovation
The adult industry has historically been a catalyst for expanding the demand for and 
knowledge of new technology and media. The industry saw how media such as VHS and the 
internet could be utilised to make money long before mainstream markets saw their potential; 
it promoted technology such as internet video streaming and the concept of ‘beta testing’ 
which underpins all software development today. The adult industry is now poised to seize the 
unparalleled potential of blockchain and cryptocurrencies.

What problems does the adult industry face?
The adult industry has always faced a range of challenges. The introduction of digital 
technology has removed many barriers to its expansion but it has also introduced some.

Innovation in the adult industry is restricted by access to payment solutions
Most payment gateways outright refuse to deal with businesses that service the adult 
sector. Payment gateways hide behind assertions of fraud, which is a risk, but one that 
can be mitigated with identity solutions. In reality, payment gateways, or the banks that 
service them, avoid the industry due to perceived, and real reputational risk. 

The specialised payment gateways that deal with the adult industry face high risks and 
operational costs which are passed onto adult industry companies as transaction fees 
which are often prohibitive for the business.

Balancing trust with anonymity is very difficult
In the adult services industry, a provider’s sense of safety and willingness to pursue new 
business is reliant on trusting clients. In the absence of trust, service providers need to 
take additional, often inadequate, security measures prior to meeting a client. Often they 
will simply choose not to meet the client thereby foregoing revenue. On their part, clients 
do not want to volunteer information or payment details that could be used to expose 
them so it is difficult to establish trust.

The industry is fragmented
Identity validation and risk assessment around payments is carried out by hundreds of 
companies across the ecosystem. False negatives around payments are very common 
leading to missed revenue and service opportunities. 

Changing regulations in the industry (such as age verification in the UK) are going to increase 
the cost of services across the board and lead to a further reduction in service provision.

Currently most entities operate in silos which means clients need to provide information 
each time they engage a new service which is a barrier for many consumers.

3 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



What is intimate & how does it solve these issues?

intimate (ITM) is a token for payments and trust designed for and by the adult entertainment 
industry. intimate provides an open, distributed mechanism for managing payments and 
reputation across all segments of the adult industry including content delivery, interactive 
content and services. Thanks to blockchain technology, these payments and attributes are 
transparent and non-corruptible.

intimate is a cryptocurrency designed for and by the adult industry. intimate is a blockchain 
ledger with a focus on reputation, trust and safety. intimate applies the innovations from the 
blockchain revolution to create an instrument specifically for the adult industry. 

intimate will provide specific features uniquely valuable to the adult industry. It builds on the 
familiar advantages of blockchain as an anonymised ledger but also enables reputation to 
be established for participating parties, thus providing the foundation of trust so desired by 
providers. Even in legally favourable jurisdictions, the adult industry has not had this level of 
trust and security. 

intimate achieves this by requiring a reputation rating to be attached to every transaction on 
the blockchain. Consumers and Providers can build a reputation by establishing a history of 
satisfactory transactions on the intimate network. Bad or fraudulent activity on the network 
would essentially cost the user their reputation and access to the network. 

In addition to building reputation via transactions, intimate will also offer support for Oracle 
services. These Oracles can accredit a User or Provider’s account with any multitude of 
‘attributes’, the most prominent being ID verification and interaction rating-verification. Health 
records such as results of Sexually Transmitted Infection tests are also on the roadmap.

MISSION STATEMENT 
intimate is a cryptocurrency that provides payments and trust 
for the adult industry, making it safer and more secure for all.

4 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Benefits

A payment network tailored to the adult industry.
intimate will provide a dedicated global network that is specifically 
designed to support existing industry infrastructure while enabling an 
easy transition to the decentralised technology architecture of the future. 

Providing scalability and flexibility.
intimate will use secure off-chain transactions and cryptographic 
commitments to minimize the friction of transactions and provide broad 
scalability to the network. intimate will continually develop and integrate 
off-chain solutions.

Industry integration and support.
intimate is built by the adult industry, for the adult industry. By leveraging 
existing businesses in the blockchain industry and the adult industry, 
intimate will be equipped for real world applicability and impact from  
its inception.

A comprehensive, private and robust reputation system. 
The reputation system is pivotal to achieving intimate’s purpose. 
intimate’s use of blockchain provides security and trust for payments but 
the ultimate level of trust comes when you can trust not just the network 
but the reputation of the people you interact with via the network. 
intimate’s reputation system is designed to provide that extended level of 
trust. It provides an ancillary layer of security and trust through the use of 
blockchain technology.

5 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Design
intimate is initially  implemented as an Ethereum sidechain that enables safe transactions 
with trustless two-party escrow and allows its pseudonymous users to check other users’ 
reputation and attributes.

The intimate network is public, with open membership for pseudonymous nodes and a fully 
auditable ledger. To minimize transaction costs and finality times delegated Proof-of-Stake 
(dPoS) is employed as its consensus protocol. Transaction fees are burned to build reputational 
capital for the parties involved in a transaction.

intimate evaluates if and when to peg the intimate blockchain to other blockchains. The native 
token of the intimate blockchain is called “ITM”, and it is also represented on the Ethereum 
blockchain as an ERC-20 token.

Core processes are supported by “process smart contracts”, which are a specific set of contracts. 
At every transaction a fee is burned and feedback can be created. Each pseudonymous intimate 
account has a rating, and a web of trust is employed to protect ratings from Sybil attacks. 

Pseudonymous and portable 
reputation 
Users own a pseudonymous reputation 
and can port it across any market.

Trustless escrow
A transaction between two 
pseudonymous parties is protected 
without the need of a trusted third party.

Scalable & blockchain agnostic
Transaction finality is fast enough to 
enable transactional usage by real-world 
businesses. intimate is not tied to the 
Ethereum blockchain and can connect 
to other blockchains.

Protected attributes
Oracles publicly verify users’ attributes  
(ie. age or health record) without publicly 
disclosing any sensitive information.

Subsidies & content curation
Early adopters are subsidized when 
joining the system. Users are rewarded 
for improving the quality of reputational 
information in the system.

Third parties
Businesses and third parties can easily 
integrate intimate, and are protected 
from reputational liabilities.

Volatility control
Merchants and providers can avoid 
taking any cryptocurrency exchange risk.

6 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Key Principles

Introduction
intimate was born to answer the needs of worldwide adult businesses and workers who 
struggle with the legacy financial system and the personal risk prevalent in some segments of 
the industry. Our solution addresses four main needs of the industry:

1. Openness: pseudonymous and open membership.

2. Scalability: fast and cheap transactions.

3. Reputation: pseudonymous feedback to improve safety and quality of interactions.

4. Ethics: high code of conduct, low reputational risk.

Openness
As with any public blockchain, and contrary to permissioned/private solutions, intimate is an 
open network. This means that in intimate: 

 ӓ there is no gatekeeper

 ӓ no KYC is required to operate

 ӓ users can freely join / leave at will

 ӓ the ledger is public and auditable

 ӓ open-source code

The openness of the intimate ledger and code enables users to fork the intimate blockchain 
at any time. This is an important last resort option against a potential malicious takeover of the 
network.

Scalability
Transaction confirmation times and cost should be significantly lower than current Proof of 
Work  (Pow) based blockchains. Additionally, intimate users shall be able to interact with smart 
contracts (especially “core process contracts”) at relatively low cost and high speed.

To achieve cheap and fast state transitions compared relatively to proof- of- work blockchains, 
intimate employs delegated proof- of- stake (dPoS) as its consensus protocol. intimate 
blockchain states are anchored to the underlying blockchain for increased security.

As with most blockchains, state integrity is guaranteed with a Merkle DAG, while public-key 
cryptography ensures transactions are authentic and non-repudiable.

Reputation
As explained in this document, intimate deploys a pseudonymous reputation solution to help 
business interactions between pseudonymous parties.

7 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Ethics
One of intimate’s goals is to minimize reputational risk for its users (especially businesses),  
as well as to foster an ethical community of conscientious sex workers and clients. 

intimate will publish its code of conduct in the genesis block of the deployed chain, which 
will contain ethical rules for intimate users (e.g. they should not engage in any form of 
unconsenting sexual act). intimate considers such a code non-negotiable and part of the social 
consensus underpinning its technology, similarly to many other blockchain projects (e.g. EOS).

To enforce these rules, intimate implements an auditable censorship protocol. Network 
validators are required to follow intimate’s social consensus and blacklist accounts whose 
activity is provably breaking the code of conduct. Users can follow auditable censorship events 
because they are public. 

Should validators turn malicious and refuse to vote against freezing an account that is openly 
violating intimate’s code of conduct (or, conversely, vote to censor a legitimate account), then 
users shall resort to hard-forking to a new blockchain as validators have broken intimate’s non-
negotiable social consensus.

8 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Parties

intimate is an open network, therefore no authorization is required to join.

Normal parties
 ӓ Clients are users who buy products and services from providers on the intimate network. 

Clients own an intimate wallet, and they load it with ITM tokens.

 ӓ Providers are users offering products or services in exchange for ITM tokens. 

Stakeholders
These stakeholder users lock up ITM tokens (see also “Staking”). They are featured in the 
intimate wallet and can freely consume intimate’s APIs.

These parties are:
 ӓ Escrow agents: they provide third-party trusted escrow to improve the safety of 

transactions where a two-party escrow is not being used.

 ӓ Curators: they are users committed to the long-term success of the intimate system.  
They earn rewards for increasing the quality of reputation information in the system.

 ӓ Oracles: they are independent trusted entities that can verify real-life data (such as  
ID or health records) and attribute it to an intimate user.

 ӓ Platforms: they are external services (such as decentralized markets or classified 
websites) leveraging the intimate framework to augment their users experience. 

intimate bootstrap incentivisation
intimate acts as a first curator to help bootstrap the network. intimate also incentivises users 
to join the system early on by issuing rewards (see “Reward”). A focus on rewards early on will 
encourage growth of the eco-system.

9 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



ITM Token
The ITM token is the native token of the intimate chain. 

It has utility, staking and transactional functions.

Staking
 ӓ Vote to elect network 

validators.

 ӓ Stake is part of the  
rating algorithm and 
can therefore:

 ― Increase rewards.

 ― Increase visibility 
within the intimate 
wallet.

 ― Stakers can freely 
consume intimate APIs.

Transactional
 ӓ Low finality times for 

transactions.

 ӓ Low cost of transactions / 
smart contracts execution.

 ӓ Hedge against 
exchange risk.

 ӓ Payment channels for 
micro-transactions.

Utility
 ӓ Transaction fees are 

burned to create 
feedback.

 ӓ Payment using two-party 
trustless escrow.

B
B

CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE 10 / 46



Pivotal Components

Full node
intimate offers its users an open-source cryptocurrency node and wallet. 

Since intimate is an open, public blockchain, anyone can develop additional nodes/wallets or 
integrate the ITM blockchain into existing wallets.

The intimate node tracks both the intimate sidechain and the Ethereum chain, executing two 
kinds of verification:

1. intimate blockchain verification

2. Additional security verification which requires an Ethereum node:

a. Anchoring verification: verifying the integrity of the intimate sidechain against 
anchorings made by validators on the Ethereum chain.

b. Two-way pegging verification: verifying the correct transfer of ITM tokens across the 
two networks.

The node allows for safe transactions in a pseudonymous environment through two-party 
and three-party escrow, and it enables both payers and payees to check their pseudonymous 
counterpart’s reputation before entering into a transaction.

Some of the node features are:

Third parties (curators, oracles, external platforms) are displayed and ranked according to  
their rating.

Basic features
 ӓ Receive and store ITM tokens.

 ӓ Transfer ITM tokens.

 ӓ Leave feedbacks for other intimate users.

 ӓ Check ratings of other intimate users.

Advanced features
 ӓ Use bonding or escrow for safer 

transactions.

 ӓ Lock-in ITM tokens for staking.

 ӓ Freeze wallet balance into stabilized  
fiat value (e.g. USD).

 ӓ Vote for network validators.

Browsing
 ӓ Providers.

 ӓ Third-party escrows.

 ӓ Oracles.

 ӓ External platforms.

Network monitoring
 ӓ Follow auditable censorship events.

 ӓ Detect data tampering.

 ӓ Detect passive censorship.

External platforms interactions
 ӓ Signup and login into external platforms.

 ӓ Personalization (e.g. sorting by 
personalized intimate rating).

11 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



API
intimate is an open, public blockchain 
and all data is therefore publicly available. 
Nevertheless, in order to help users and third 
parties integrate and easily access data, 
intimate exposes a HTTPS API to expedite 
this uptake.

The exposed API offers two groups of 
endpoints. The first one exposes the intimate 
sidechain RPC (Remote Procedure Call) 
interface which allows a third party to, for 
example, retrieve transaction history, check 
account balance or create and broadcast a 
new transaction. The second group contains 
endpoints to interact specifically with 
process smart contracts and allows, for 
example, a user’s rating to be checked.

Holding an ITM stake gives a user the right to 
consume intimate APIs.

intimate is exploring Trusted Computing 
techniques to guarantee the integrity of 
API responses. All API responses could be 
computed and signed by a TEE (Trusted 
Execution Environment), while the executed 
code and its inputs can be made publicly 
available (e.g. on IPFS). It could therefore 
be possible for API consumers to verify the 
integrity of the data being served.

“Increasingly we’ve seen large 
centralised platforms such 
as Facebook, Google and 
YouTube play moral arbiter by 
abusing their market power.

YouTube routinely demonetises 
content producers for 
seemingly arbitrary reasons, 
and Google have recently been 
accused of changing their 
algorithms to produce wrong, 
but “socially enlightened,” 
answers to search requests.

This abuse of centralised 
power has created demand for 
services that are decentralized 
and intimate’s offering in the 
adult industry may prove to be 
a glimpse of the future.”
— Justin Campbell, General Manager  
of Liberty Works Inc, writes for Quillette.

12 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Processes

Processes are activities that are core to the intimate network. Each process is supported by  
a smart contract.

Protected attributes
Oracles can publicly attach attributes to an intimate address, while keeping the details  
of verification private. 

intimate smart contracts and users can then access these attributes and verify their public 
properties. For example: an oracle can verify the ID of an user, and then publicly attest that  
the user is over 18 years of age without revealing the age nor the identity of the user.

Attribute data is stored in a core smart contract, where addresses are mapped with their 
attributes, and a list of active oracles exists. 

The intimate organization maintains a whitelist of trusted oracles.

Examples of real-world data that oracles can verify:

 ӓ ID and background check.

 ӓ Health and STD/STI status.

 ӓ Reputation on external services.

Staking
Owners of ITM tokens can lock them in the staking smart contract for a certain amount of time. 
Once locked, ITM tokens are frozen and cannot be moved. The owner can only withdraw them 
after the lock time expires.

We define these locked funds as stake (σ) so that σu= fσ (l,tc,te), where u is the user of the 
platform, l is the amount of locked tokens, tc is the current time and te is the locking expiration 
time.

Stake is a function of locked funds and time, and it defines how much a user is invested in the 
intimate system at any given time.

Stake is used by most processes, and σu values for each user are publicly available.

13 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Feedback
After each ITM transaction, users can leave a feedback (ϕ) for each other by means of  
a feedback statement. 

For each client/provider interaction, a fixed percentage fee is locked. After the interaction,  
and within a pre-defined time window, each user can leave a feedback statement and the 
locked fee is burned. 

In order to register a feedback, ITM tokens are burned as a feedback fee, and users grade  
each other with a value between -1 and +1 and a feedback string of limited length.

Being U:{u1,u2,...,ui...} the set of all the users of the platform, we define a feedback statement as a 
quintuple ϕui→uj =(ui,uj,bui,gui→uj ,sui→uj), where bui are the tokens burned by user ui, gui→uj is the grade 
assigned by user ui to user uj such that gui→uj ∈[-1,1] and sui→uj is the feedback string.

All feedback statements are stored on the intimate sidechain and are publicly readable. 

We also define Φui→uj as the composition of all the L feedback statements of the generic ϕ
k

ui→uj
 

ever made by the user ui about the user uj, such that Φui→uj =fΦϕ
1

ui→uj
,ϕ2ui→uj,...,ϕ

L
ui→uj

.

A viable composition function fΦ for feedback statements could be, for example, the one that 
computes the average grade value weighted on the burned amount.

Web of trust 
Software clients such as the intimate wallet use feedback data to build a “web of trust” graph 
and compute subjective user ratings. A user rating is the result of a software client exploring  
the path connecting a source node to a sink node in a web of trust (a “trustline”). User ratings 
are therefore subjective: they change according to the current user.

More specifically, in addition to feedback statements, each user is required to make trust 
statements which are used to subjectively weight objective feedback statements. 

A trust statement defines a trust relationship between the user who makes the statement and 
the trusted user. Trust statements are combined to create a directed, weighted graph (G) also 
called “web of trust”. In such a graph users are nodes, while directed edges connecting them 
represent trust.

We define the edges set as E:{e_1,e2,...,ei,...} where ei=eui→uj =(ui,uj) describes an edge between user 
ui and user uj.

Being U:{u1,u2,...,ui,...} the set of all the users of the platform, we can therefore define the 
weighted graph as G=(U,E) where a weight w(ei)=w(eui→uj) ∈(0,1] is associated with each edge 
representing the trust user ui has towards user uj.

A trustline is a path p =(us,uh1 ),(uh1,uh2 ),...,(uhi,uhJ),...,(ut-1,ut) of the graph G that connects two users 
us and ut. Assuming transitivity of trust, a value θp=fθ(w(eus→uh1

),w(euh1→uh2
),...,w(eut-1→ut)) can be 

computed to express the trust the user us has towards the user ue. fθ is a function that composes 
the trust on the edges crossed by the trustline. A good example of fθ would be multiplication: 
since we are interested in maximizing θus→ut values and weights w(ei) are defined in the interval 
(0,1], multiplication ensures that the presence of cycles in the graph does not make the 
calculus diverge. 

14 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Since different paths p1,p2,...,pP connecting users us and ut might exist, we define  
τus→ut=fτ (θp1,θp2,...,θpP) to be a representative value for the trust between user us and user ut.  
A good example for fτ is the max function.

This approach requires the computation of all the possible paths between all nodes pairs, 
which is known to be an NP-hard problem. Two assumptions can be made to dramatically 
reduce the computation load:

1. Trust can be considered a binary attribute, i.e., a user ui either trusts or distrusts a user 
uj; trust relationship is represented by a direct edge from user ui toward user uj with no 
associated weight;

2.  The number of hops defining a trustline does not influence the resulting θus→ut value, 
which is also consistent with a multiplicative fθ.

Under these assumptions, user us trusts user ut if there is a path (trustline) that connects user us  
to user ut, and the computation of all the possible paths between node pairs is replaced with  
a reachability test, which has polynomial complexity both in time and space.

To practically compute τus→ut for all possible us and ut in presence of weights on edges we can 
resort to the well known Floyd-Warshall algorithm which solves the all pairs shortest path 
problem (APSP) in polynomial time and space. In other words, the Floyd-Warshall algorithm 
allows quick computation of the shortest path between all the possible couples of nodes of a 
graph producing the values τus→ut for all possible us and ut. 

To help bootstrap the network, intimate acts as a hub node in the graph, opening trust 
edges toward trustworthy users. At setup phase, the intimate wallet suggests intimate as a 
trustworthy user and creates an edge in the graph. An intimate wallet user can deliberately 
open edges towards trustworthy nodes making trust statements. To make a trust statement  
a user interacts with the web of trust smart contract, where the web of trust is registered.

User rating
Ratings are a measure of a user reputation.

To compute ratings, feedback statements are weighted on the amount of burned fee,  
as well as on the stake of the user that left the feedback and the stake of the target user. 

To compute a rating the source user ui shall have trust statements which open edges towards 
other nodes in the graph. A rating ρus→ut is the subjective rating of the user ut that  
user us can compute. Subjective ratings are more resilient to Sybil attacks.

15 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Being T:{t1,t2,...,t|T|} the set of all the nodes that made feedback statements about user ut and  
for which a trustline between us and ut exists (represented inside the green box in the figure 
below) we define ρus→ut=fρ(σt1,...,σ|T|,σut,τus→t1,...,τus→t|T|,τus→ut,Φt1→ut,...,Φt|T|→ut). 

The rating function fρ combines information about stake, trustlines and feedback, and outputs 
a couple (r,q) where r is a grade value in the range [-1,1] and q is a positive number indicating  
a measure of the quality of the value r (e.g. the quantity of feedbacks left, or the total  
value burned). If we assume the aforementioned simplifications, the formula becomes  
ρus→ut=fρ(σt1,...,σ|T|,σut,τus→ut,Φt1→ut,...,Φt|T|→ut).

The rating algorithm will be fine-tuned and updated with time. The base argument list will 
be enriched taking different variables into account such as transaction history, and specific 
transaction patterns.

Users can receive negative feedback not only for their behaviour when interacting with a 
counterparty but also if and when they leave misleading feedback. Given the decentralized 
and subjective nature of the web of trust, misleading feedback will only affect users who, 
directly or indirectly, trusted the misleading actor. 

Since all stake, feedback and trustline data is registered on the intimate sidechain and since 
ratings are subjective, computation can be executed off-chain. Each user can autonomously 
compute ratings. Precomputed ratings are also available via the intimate API.

FeedbackTrustline

US Ut

t1

tT

16 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Bonding
Two-party escrow enables two untrusted and pseudonymous parties (a provider and a client) 
to enter into a “Nash equilibrium”, meaning they are making the best decision possible taking 
into account the decision of the other party.

In a two-party escrow such equilibrium is reached through the threat of mutual economic loss.

Both provider and client commit funds to the two-party escrow, and funds are released only 
when both agree the interaction ended successfully. 

An example two-party escrow (see image below) works as follows:

 ӓ The provider puts up 1x price of the good / service as a deposit (d_provider).

 ӓ The client puts up 1x for deposit (d_client) + 1x for payment (p).

 ӓ The provider delivers the good / service.

 ӓ Both parties agree the transaction completed successfully.

 ӓ All funds are released, namely:

 ―  The provider receives back the deposit (d_provider) + the payment (p).

 ― The client receives back the deposit (d_client)

intimate implements a two-party escrow with a “bonding” smart contract.

intimate’s bonding contract keeps incentives aligned without the need for trusted third parties 
(escrow agents) and can therefore operate as a trustless escrow method. 

Deposit amounts for both provider and client will vary in different scenarios. Providers can set 
up a default deposit value, and require users to commit a minimum deposit.

17 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



BOB
Bob makes a post offering
to trade his something for 

something else. He is not required
to risk anything at this point since

no one accepted his offer.

BOB CREATES POST ALICE VIEWS POST

When Alice takes Bob’s offer,
Bob can check her rep/history and
decided to continue, or back out.

After both Bob and Alice have
risked funds Bob can send his 

something to Alice

Bob send his
something to Alice

If Alice didn’t get it, Alice
and Bob must resolve the 
issue together if they want 

their risk funds back.

If Bob didn’t get it, Bob
and Alice must resolved the
issue together if they want

their risk funds back.

Alice sends her
something to Bob.

ALICE GOT IT

intimate
two party escrow

Both Alice and Bob got
what they wanted thanks to

BACK OUT

RISKED FUNDS ARE DESTROYED

No trade.
Nothing Happens.

Alice takes Bob’s offerBob waits
for an offer.

Thankfully, there’s intimate to help them make
the trade safely with the use of two party escrow

START HERE

ALICE

BOB

BOB

BOB GOT IT

B
B

B
B

B
B

B

RESOLVED RESOLVEDNOT RESOLVED

B

B
B

B
L

NO DEAL ALICE

TRADE ACCEPTED

RISKED FUNDS

Alice and Bob do not know each other but Alice has something Bob wants and 
Bob has something Alice wants. Unfortunately, they can’t make the trade 

because neither of them trust each other enough to send their something first.

If Bob decides to continue,
he must add intimate into risked

funds (to the same amount of
value as his something).

ALICE
When Alice takes Bob’s offer,

she adds intimate into risked funds
and risks twice what Bob 

risked since Bob will send first.

SOMETHING SENT

How Two Party Escrow Works

Alice see Bob’s post, checks Bob’s 
rep/history and messages any 

questions. Once happy, Alice can 
decide to accept Bob’s offer.

18 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Escrow
Users with positive stake can operate as escrow agents for escrowed transactions and earn  
fees for providing the service.

Escrowed transactions don’t require parties to put up additional funds as in a two-party 
escrow, but they do require trust in the escrow agents and willingness to pay them a service 
fee. Providers can pre-approve a set of escrow agents they trust, so that clients can have a faster 
purchasing experience.

When a client executes a payment in an escrowed transaction, funds are locked into a 2-of-3 
multisignature-like contract so that if client and provider disagree, the escrow can resolve  
the dispute by either releasing the payment to the provider, or by refunding the payment  
to the client.

After an escrowed transaction all parties involved (client, provider, escrow agent) can leave 
feedback for the counterparties they interacted with.

The set of active escrows is stored in the sidechain and thus publicly readable.

Curation
Curators are users with an ITM stake, and they can leave feedback to other intimate users 
without necessarily transacting with them. Curators are committed to the long-term success  
of the intimate system, and actively work to increase the quality of reputation information. 

Curators have a double financial incentive to increase the quality of intimate reputation:

 ӓ Rewards

 ӓ Capital gain from ITM appreciation (see image below)

Demand for token
increases, prices go up

Early curators
get rewarded

More attention
on the token

Better curation

Network Effect 
Hypothesis
More ‘eyeballs’ translates to 
higher valuation  of the  
network and is reflected  
in token’s price

19 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Reward
The reward process is supported by a smart contract that programmatically rewards intimate 
curators. intimate commits funds to this smart contract at setup phase.

The goal of rewards is to heavily subsidize early adopters during bootstrap.

Rewards are allotted in one month epochs, and the amount of rewards for each epoch drops 
exponentially and tends towards zero. At the end of each epoch rewards are transferred from 
the smart contract to the recipients.

We define R0 as the total amount of funds committed by intimate to reward intimate curators; 
Ri as the amount of residual funds after the ith epoch and ai as the amount of funds distributed 
by the smart contract to intimate curators at the end of the ith epoch.

The total amount of funds distributed in each epoch is defined by the recursive formula 
ai+1=d⋅Ri, where Ri=R0-∑i

j=1
aj, and d=0.05612568732 is an empirically chosen parameter that 

allows the halving of the residual reward amount each year (twelve epochs). 

Chart 1 shows the exponential decay of ai(percentually expressed with reference to R0) for the 
first sixty epochs. Chart 2 shows the relative Ri, which in turn grows logarithmically.

The reward smart contract pays users according to their own rating (as evaluated from the 
intimate node in the graph). 

To minimize trust, intimate will research how to delegate computation of ratings to a trusted 
computing (TC) oracle. While the inputs of the computation are present on the blockchain, 
the source and binary code could be committed to IPFS for public review and for the oracle to 
download and compute. The output could be then submitted to the blockchain by the oracle, 
as a mapping of blockchain addresses and reward amount.

20 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



2

10 20 30 40 50 60

4

6

20

10 20 30 40 50 60

40

60

80

100

Chart 1: Percentage of the total reward amount (y-axis) allotted per epoch (x-axis)

Chart 2: Cumulative percentage of the total reward amount (y-axis) allotted along epochs (x-axis)

21 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Stabilization
The intimate stabilization process provides a way for users to be hedged against 
cryptocurrency exchange risk.

In order to be hedged against exchange risk, intimate users can lock ITM tokens into a smart 
contract to fix a fiat value at current time.

At a lower level, users enter a contract for difference (CFD) taking a short position on ITM 
against a fiat currency (e.g. GBP, AUD, USD, EUR, JPY), while the intimate node takes the long 
position. The CFD is implemented as a smart contract, and an oracle service provides the 
relevant data feeds to the contract.

An intimate user can direct incoming transactions to the stability contract, so as to hedge all 
incoming payments against exchange risk. intimate commits ITM tokens to a pool to ensure 
sufficient collateralization of the positions. 

Two-way pegging
Two-way pegging allows ITM tokens to be transferred between the intimate sidechain  
(native ITM tokens) and the Ethereum blockchain (erc-20 ITM tokens). Two-way pegging  
is implemented with a smart contract on each blockchain holding a pool of tokens. 

intimate controls both contracts and releases tokens on the target chain. The pegging process 
is public and auditable, and intimate full nodes monitor the correct transfer of tokens between 
the two chains.

intimate researches how to employ trusted computing (TC) to minimize trust. The smart 
contract can release tokens upon receiving a valid TC proof that an equal amount of tokens  
has been locked on the other chain.

22 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Businesses

Introduction
The intimate framework allows businesses to join by staking ITM tokens. ITM token stakers are 
granted the right to consume intimate APIs.

Depending on their rating, stakers could also:

 ӓ Be featured inside the intimate wallet.

 ӓ Receive rewards

Different business profiles can join the intimate network (see “Parties”).

intimate maintains trust edges toward all reputable businesses. 

Comparison
The intimate network is public, with open membership for pseudonymous nodes and a fully 
auditable ledger. A fixed percentage of a transaction is burned to build reputational capital for 
the parties involved. 

As with other blockchains, intimate has open membership: no gatekeeper is required to 
approve a business to join the network.

Unique features compared to other blockchains:

 ӓ Scalability: fast and cheap transactions.

 ӓ Pseudonymous reputation: safer to do business without knowing a counterpart’s 
real identity.

 ӓ Ethical code: lower reputational risk

BANK ACCOUNT ETHEREUM INTIMATE

Network Private Public Public

Membership Closed Open Open

Identification KYC / AML Pseudonymous Pseudonymous

Data authenticity — Public-key cryptography Public-key cryptography

Consensus protocol — NakamotoGHOST dPoS

Data integrity — Merkle DAG Merkle DAG

Security — PoW PoW anchoring

Tx confirmation Very slow Slow Fast

Tx fees used for Bank revenues Securing the network Reputational Capital

Reputation system No No Yes

Ethical code Yes No Yes

23 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Deployment

Sidechain
intimate is deployed as a blockchain that supports a Turing-complete language for smart 
contracts. The blockchain is pegged to the Ethereum blockchain, thus behaving as a so called 
“sidechain”.

Validation of the intimate sidechain is done by elected delegates, following a dPoS consensus 
protocol. To secure integrity of the sidechain against potential attacks it is anchored by 
validators to the Ethereum blockchain with regular checkpoints. 

Since the intimate sidechain virtual machine can execute a Turing-complete scripting 
language, it allows for smart contracts to be deployed. Core intimate processes are deployed 
as core smart contracts. Third party developers can deploy smart contracts on the intimate 
sidechain to leverage intimate-specific features such as pseudonymous reputation.

Two-way pegging is implemented with two smart contracts: a core smart contract on the 
intimate sidechain, and a smart contract on the Ethereum network (see also “Two-way pegging”). 

intimate constantly evaluates if and when to peg the intimate sidechain to other blockchains 
to increase liquidity (two-way pegging) and security (anchoring).

Payment channels
To enable microtransactions, intimate users can open direct or indirect payment channels with 
content providers. In order to open a payment channel, a user must deposit ITM tokens into a 
channel contract directly with a content provider, or alternatively with a payment hub.

Payment channels can be opened both on the intimate sidechain (with native ITM tokens) or 
on the Ethereum blockchain (with ERC-20 ITM tokens). 

This enhances the transactional potential of the ITM token since content providers (e.g. adult 
entertainment broadcasters) can accept microtransactions in ITM tokens while operating on 
the Ethereum network.

Trusted computing
intimate researches how to employ trusted computing (TC) to minimize trust, leveraging 
already existing trust towards hardware manufacturers.

More specifically, intimate researches trusted computing (TC) for:

1. Smart contracts: two-way pegging, reward.

2. API: signing with TC proofs to offer additional security against data tampering.

24 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Trust and Security

Consensus
intimate builds upon the experience of dPoS blockchains, where consensus is reached 
on the longest blockchain validated by elected delegates. To improve security, the state is 
checkpointed at regular intervals on the Ethereum blockchain. intimate nodes follow such 
checkpoints and verify they are following the correct intimate blockchain and are not being 
subjected to attacks.

Censorship
intimate implements an auditable censorship protocol. Network validators are required to 
follow intimate’s social consensus and blacklist accounts whose activity is provably breaking 
the code of conduct. Users can follow auditable censorship events since they are public. When 
freezing an account, delegates take upon themselves the responsibility of enforcing intimate’s 
social consensus with public, authentic and non-repudiable actions. Nodes follow these public 
auditable censorship events. Additionally, nodes inform users of mempool transactions that 
are not being validated to ease detection of passive censorship by validators.

Hard forks
dPoS validators are elected and delegated by users to properly validate intimate’s blockchain 
and enforce its social consensus and code of conduct. Should validators fail on their mandate, 
users can, as a last resort, hard fork the intimate chain.

Client-side auditing
Nodes monitor network activity and inform users of malicious activity. This is effectively an ex-
post auditing of validators activity. If and when a node detects malicious behaviour, the user is 
informed and advised to coordinate out-of-band with other users in order to stop following the 
compromised blockchain and hard fork.

Client-side security verifications:

Validation:
 ӓ Validating invalid blocks.

 ӓ Validating sidechain with wrong anchoring.

 ӓ Stop validating.

Censorship:
 ӓ Refusing to freeze an account that is openly violating intimate’s code of conduct.

 ӓ Freezing a legitimate account.

 ӓ Passively censoring transactions.

Two-way pegging:
 ӓ Incorrect exchange of itm tokens across two chains.

25 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Use Cases

Login on external classified website
1. Bob downloads the intimate wallet.

2. He can browse a directory of external platforms where he can spend ITM.

3. Bob chooses a classified website, and signs up with his intimate account. He can now log 
in and out without using any login/password and browse ads with personalized ratings.

Two-party escrow
1. Bob, a client, finds Alice’s services on a decentralized market, which is priced at 100 ITM.

2. Bob wants to engage Alice, so he requests Alice’s services for a specific time.

3. Alice approves the request.

4. Bob locks up 200 ITM in bonding.

5. Alice locks up 100 ITM in bonding.

6. After the interaction, they both leave each other a positive feedback.

7. Alice receives 200 ITM and Bob receives 100 ITM.

Successful three-party escrow
1. Bob finds Alice on an escorting classified. Alice’s services list for 100 ITM.

2. Bob requests Alice’s service for a specific date and time.

3. Alice checks Bob’s rating and approves the request.

4. Bob approves the transaction and the third party escrow

5. 100 ITM are transferred from Bob’s wallet into the escrow contract.

6. After the interaction both Alice and Bob rate each other positively.

7. Alice receives 100 ITM on her intimate wallet.

“intimate’s approach 
to the adult industry is 
one of great respect and 
understanding, it is a 
pleasant change to deal 
with solution providers  
who think through our  
actual needs”
— Sahara Knite

26 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Unsuccessful three-party escrow
1. Alice finds a good on an online store she can buy for 50 ITM.

2. Alice completes the purchase and checks out with her intimate wallet.

3. Alice accepts the online store default escrow agent.

4. 50 ITM are transferred from her wallet into an escrow contract.

5. When Alice receives her package she finds out the good does not correspond to its 
online description.

6. Alice leaves the store a negative feedback.

7. The third-party escrow asks Alice for more information.

8. Alice provides more evidence to the escrow agent and returns them the good back.

9. The escrow agent issues a 50 ITM refund to Alice’s intimate wallet.

10. The online store receives back the good from the escrow agent.

Provider rewards
1. Alice joins intimate early on as a service provider.

2. After receiving multiple positive feedbacks for her work, she chooses to lock 500 ITM 
tokens for 1 year into the staking contract.

3. Given her high rating, she begins to receive monthly rewards from intimate.

4. Since her rewards increase with positive feedback, she decides to offer intimate users a 
discount on her services.

Curator rewards
1. Bob is an intimate early adopter.

2. In order to become a curator he locks 1000 ITM tokens for 2 years into the staking contract.

3. He starts reviewing providers he already knew, leaving detailed feedback about them.

4. His activity is appreciated by other intimate users who then open trustlines toward him.

5. Bob’s rating increases, and he begins to receive monthly rewards from intimate.

27 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Toxic customer
1. Bob signs up to a SugarDating website, a matchmaking service which integrates intimate.

2. Bob wants to engage Alice, an adult services provider.

3. Bob is required to have three attributes (ID, 21+ age, background check) verified by a 
trusted intimate oracle.

4. Bob provides his personal data to GBG, an intimate oracle.

5. GBG verifies Bob’s ID and background, and publicly signs his attributes.

6. Bob can now engage Alice, and they set up an appointment.

7. During the engagement, Bob behaves in such a way that causes Alice to terminate the 
appointment.

8. Alice terminates the appointment, and immediately contacts the match maker.

9. Together they leave Bob a negative feedback, destroying Bob’s reputation on the 
intimate network.

10. Any future transaction that Bob attempts will see that a trusted source has deemed Bob 
to be a toxic client and that he should be avoided.

11. Bob will unlikely be able to continue using his current identity for intimate services.

Problematic customer
1. Bob signs up to a SugarDating website, a matchmaking service which integrates intimate.

2. Bob wants to engage Alice, an adult services provider.

3. Bob is required to have three attributes (ID, 18+, background check) verified by a trusted 
intimate oracle.

4. Bob provides his personal data to GBG, an intimate oracle.

5. GBG verifies Bob’s ID and background and publicly signs his attributes.

6. Bob can now engage Alice, and they set up an appointment.

7. During the engagement, Bob harasses Alice in such a way that causes Alice to terminate 
the appointment and file a complaint with authorities.

8. Alice terminates the appointment, and immediately contacts the match maker.

9. Together they leave Bob a negative feedback, destroying Bob’s reputation on the 
intimate network.

10. Any future transactions that Bob attempts will see that a trusted source has deemed Bob 
to be a toxic client and that he should be avoided.

11. Bob will unlikely be able to continue using his current identity for intimate services.

12. After receiving a lawful request, GBG discloses Bob’s identity to authorities for prosecution.

28 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Successful meeting through a dating classified
1. Bob and Alice use the intimate wallet to sign up to a classified service and find dating partners.

2. Alice verifies that Bob has recently been tested for STIs/STDs by a reputable health oracle, 
and Bob does the same.

3. Both parties are satisfied with the level of trust established, and they arrange a meeting.

Unsuccessful meeting through a dating classified
1. Bob and Alice use the intimate wallet to sign up to a classified service and find  

dating partners.

2. As both can check each other’s reputation, Alice sees that Bob does not have any 
certified health attribute to represent his STIs/STDs status.

3. Alice decides not to meet with Bob due to his lack of reputation.

29 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Road Map

YEAR 1
LAUNCH

— Deployment of the intimate
wallet based off the successful 
EI8HT wallet.

— Expand exchange listings for 
liquidity

— Implement first ITM payment facility 
for partners.

— Integrate support for a wide range of 
oracles and supported attributes.

— Invest into various initial supporting 
platforms to drive uptake such as 
NATS and WHCMS

— Continued optimisation of 
cryptocurrency acquizition channels 
for consumers.

— Manual hedging of withdrawals
— Formation of ethical blacklisting 

protocols.
— eCommerce modules for leading 

platforms including Magento, 
WooCommerce and Shopify.

— Additional wallet functionality to 
include directory of platform 
partners

YEAR 2
DEPLOYMENT

— Implementation of web of trust, 
reputation and chain auditing tools

— Greater functionality for the intimate 
wallet (such as multi-currency support).

— Selective disclosure of key attributes.
— Implementation of state channels.
— Bundled and unbundled offering for 

multiple payment methiods.
— Payment reconciliation reporting. 
— Hardware wallet for additional security 

support.
— Expand bounties to incentivize 

community development

BEYOND YEAR 2
FUTURE DEVELOPMENT

— Two-party escrow with mutual burn 
functionality.

— Two-way pegging to improve
ITM token liquidity

.— Deployment of the intimate 
blockchain.

— Anchoring of intimate on the 
Ethereum blockchain.

— APIs with trusted computing 
(TC) integrity proofs.

— Interoperability between 
intimate and other blockchains 
to deliver new applications.

— Facilitate trust services 
for associated industries.

— Decentralized markets for 
goods and services.

— intimate debit card to expedite 
withdrawals

30 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Tech industry Support for intimate

In addition to the support from the adult industry intimate is fortunate to have a wide range  
of supportive technology partners. With over 4 years experience in cryptocurrency, the 
founders of intimate have strong working relationships being utilized for the intimate platform.

NATS by Too Much Media
NATS is a leading affiliate program back-end 
solution within the adult industry. Trusted by 
affiliates and relied on by some of the largest 
programs in the industry, NATS is an excellent 
solution for both new and existing affiliate 
programs this will stronger through the NATS 
intimate partnership.

MojoHost
MojoHost is dedicated to providing reliable 
hosting for the adult industry in top tier 
data centres around the world. Where many 
companies globally turn their back on adult, 
MojoHost has been a proud partner for many 
years.

ABA Technology
ABA Technology is a cryptocurrency 
consultancy that, in addition to releasing the 
first Bitcoin ATMs in Australia over 5 years ago, 
has been consulting to banking institutions 
and governments on both cryptocurrency 
and identity solutions. Key ABA staff have 
been seconded to intimate for the length of 
this project.

31 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Partners

Unlike many tokens which are attempting to move to a fully decentralized model, intimate is 
a move away from traditional payments facilitates such as banks which are withholding fair 
banking services from the industry we proudly partner with.

For most peer to peer (P2P) tokens, the go to market strategy is utilising social media heavily 
from day one and relying on network effect (principally giving away tokens) to demonstrate 
their value. intimate are employing a channel strategy working with adult platforms which is 
focused on long term, commercially viable incentivisation of their consumers.

intimate has recently hired business development managers in Europe and North America to 
build on the launch partners below, with new partners being added weekly. Before the end 
of the 2018 calendar year we expect to have 100+ partner sites with traffic in excess of 22.5M 
users per month. intimate is targeting 3.5% of transactions on those sites by then end of 2019 
through aggressive marketing, with targets of 5-10% of transactions in 2-3 years and 25% of 
transactions within 5 years.

Television X is a UK based adult 
television experience featuring 
recorded and live content. TVX also 
run a highly coveted awards program 
for the adult industry.

Club X are one of the leading 
Australian proprietors of adult stores 
both in physical retail and online.

SEXPO, is a health, sexuality and 
lifestyle exhibition that takes place 
in AU, UK, and RSA. SEXPO includes 
exhibitors with a health and 
wellness focus and often includes 
celebrities from the adult industry. 

Rendevu is an on-demand match 
making platform for escorts. 
Rendevu will be accepting intimate 
for booking fees.

Urban Resorts runs Japanese 
love hotels which provide rooms 
for adult encounters by the hour 
and are looking for more discrete 
payment options.

Prudish is a leading provider of 
lingerie and lifestyle products that 
focus on high end design aesthetics. 

BaDoink VR has been a long term 
innovator in the space of adult 
virtual reality.

Paul Raymond Publications is the 
oldest and largest pornography 
producer in the UK spanning 
physical and digital properties.

intimate is currently in discussion 
with one of the leading providers 
of seeking arrangement dating sites  
to manage the proof of staking.  
This agreement will give access to 
40K new users per day.

SUGAR DADDY SITE 
COMING SOON

32 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Token Detail

The section below outlines the various details of the token.

intimate contract detail 
The following table outlines the various attributes of the intimate token.

Smart Contract Audit
intimate has engaged Hosho.io to conduct and publish the smart contact audit ahead of the 
public sale. Hosho are the market leader in smart contract auditing and penetration testing for 
the cryptocurrency industry. 

In addition to the penetration testing and smart contract audits that are being conducted by 
Hosho prior to intimate’s public sale, Hosho has been contracted to conduct a total of 4 review 
and 4 penetration tests over the first 12 months of operation.

Attribute Detail

Symbol ITM

Public sale launch 26 April 2018, 9:00:am GMT (dependant on audit)

Public sale rate 1 ETH = 600 ITM

Public sale close 7 June 2018, 23:59:59 GMT

Platform Ethereum Blockchain ERC-20

Token supply 100 Million Tokens

Crowd sale Maximum 60 Million Tokens

Minimum financing $5 million USD (Reached)

Targeted financing $16.85 million USD

33 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Vesting schedule
To ensure long term stability and growth of the intimate token, the intimate team and major 
token holders from the initial coin offering are subject to vesting periods as below.

Given the targeted financing and the fluctuating price of Ethereum, the hard cap may be 
reached with less tokens that the initial allocation.  Any unsold tokens will be absorbed by 
intimate for future growth and will vest according to the intimate allocation. This will protect 
the value of the initial circulation and also secure additional runway to support industry 
adoption and future development.

Token allocation
The following table outlines how the intimate tokens will be allocated during the token sale.

Budget allocation
The following table outlines how the funds are to be used to build and market the platform.

Allocation Offset Vesting

Team and Advisors  18 months 4.17% per month

Industry pre sale  3 months  8.33% per month

Allocation Percentage Total Tokens

General sale 60% 60M ITM

Staff and General Administration 15% 15M ITM

Held by intimate 25% 25M ITM

Allocation Percentage Total Tokens

Core development 25%
Building a core team for the intimate architecture 
and infrastructure

Ecosystem development 20%
Working with industry to integrate intimate into 
existing and new systems

Marketing 25%

Business development and marketing efforts to 
expand intimate internationally and drive growth 
through industry, community and government. 
Incentives for early adopters.

Industry support 10%
Fund to be managed for grassroots and industry 
support.

Financial 10% Hedging

Administration 10% Administrative costs

34 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



intimate core team

The following is an overview of the current team working on intimate. The intention is to round 
out the team with some additional personnel.

Reuben Coppa 
Chief Executive Officer / Co-Founder
Reuben is an entrepreneur with 8 years of 
experience leading technology start-ups from 
mobile development to cryptocurrencies. 
Reuben co-founded ABA technology Pty. 
Ltd. which developed blockchain software 

for consumers with the launch of the EI8.HT wallet and ongoing 
support of the bitcoin.js library. ABA operated a bitcoin ATM network 
which was rolled out across Australia in 2013 and has been working 
in blockchain consulting since. He is the founder of Rendevu, an on 
demand mobile platform facilitating simple, sure, safe and secure 
provision of adult services in 2016.

Leah Callon-Butler 
Chief Impact Officer / Co-Founder
Leah is passionate about the evolving world of 
technology and helping businesses capitalise 
on this through strategic growth marketing 
and commercialisation, having led the go-
to-market strategy and implementation for a 

variety of emerging technology solutions across APAC. In addition to 
commercial and growth marketing experience, Leah has a personal 
interest in social advocacy and community outreach which formed 
part of her MBA. She is also involved with a number of female 
empowerment and leadership initiatives.

Nathan Smale  
Chief Operating Officer / Co-Founder
Nathan has 15 years experience in the 
commercialisation and marketing of digital 
products and is focussed on the strategic 
roadmap development for future success. 
Nathan has worked on digital solutions for 

health, payments and mobile gambling (with a large focus on KYC 
and AML policies). As well as participating in the commercialization 
and implementation of intimate, Nathan will provide the operational 
leadership to ensure the development roadmap positions intimate to 
maximise market potential.

Key Responsibilities:
 ӓ Corporate Vision
 ӓ Financial 
Responsibility

 ӓ Commercial & Legal

Key Responsibilities:
 ӓ Social Responsibility
 ӓ Go-to-market 
strategy

 ӓ Community 
Advocacy

 ӓ PR & Marketing
 ӓ Social Media

Key Responsibilities:
 ӓ Overseeing 
Operations.

 ӓ Product 
Management.

 ӓ Commercial 
Engagements

 ӓ Business 
Development

35 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Craig Morris 
Chief Technology Officer
Craig is a passionate digital technologist with 
over 12 years of experience in the industry. As 
a former Tech Director and ultimately CTO 
leading a strong team of 10+ cross-functional 
developers, Craig has a broad set of skills and 

is a strong believer in open source code. He says there is no better 
feeling than to have designed and created something that touches 
the lives of millions of people across the globe. Craig has delivered and 
managed technical solutions for companies such as Commonwealth 
Bank, Westfield, Tourism Australia, ASICS, Emirates, News Limited, 
NSW Health and many more. Craig oversees the development and 
integration of intimate into platforms such as Rende.vu and others.

Alex Dohi 
Chief Financial Officer
Alexandra is a senior financial and legal 
manager with a passion for technological 
innovation and its impact on policy and 
legislation. A background in Technology, Media 
and Telecommunications corporate finance 

lead Alex to specialise in innovation funding where she has spent half a 
decade securing both government and private funding for innovative 
companies. Alexandra has a particular interest in how blockchain 
technology is transforming global markets and shaping fiscal policy. 

Key Responsibilities:
 ӓ Product Roadmap 
and Development

 ӓ API Development
 ӓ Documentation
 ӓ Commercial 
Implementations 

Key Responsibilities:
 ӓ Corporate Structure 
 ӓ Financial structuring
 ӓ Regulatory 
Compliance

 ӓ Treasury 
Management

Murray Emerton  
Business Development, Europe
Murray brings extensive experience in Business 
Development to the team from the healthcare 
technology sector. He is passionate about 
helping evolve the adult sector by engaging 
sexual health providers, experts in sexuality, 

manufacturers and content providers, forming meaningful partnerships 
that will make intimate more than just a means of transacting.

Key Responsibilities:
 ӓ Business 
Development 
Management

 ӓ Cross-industry 
Partnerships

 ӓ Relationship 
Management

Lukas Taylor 
Business Development, North America
As a former analyst Lukas had a successful 
career in payments with Vendo before 
broadening his commercial experience, taking 
a variety of SaaS based solutions to market. 
Lukas has worked globally in payments and 

adult and is focussed on growing the intimate business through true 
strategic partnerships.

Key Responsibilities:
 ӓ Business 
Development 
Management

 ӓ Cross-industry 
Partnerships

 ӓ Relationship 
Management

36 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Travis Cunningham 
Community Management
A blockchain and crypto advocate with over 
ten years in Sales and Business Development. 
He is passionate about evolving the adult 
sector through open conversation and realising 
the full possibilities of blockchain technology.

Sebastiano Scròfina 
Blockchain Analyst
Sebastiano has been researching alternative 
currencies since 2004. In 2013 he began 
working as a blockchain analyst, consulting 
for Italian and German clients. He’s been 
a founding member of Assobit, the Italian 

blockchain association, and BHB, Italy’s leading blockchain R&D lab.

Allanaire Tapion  
Senior Software Engineer
Allanaire has worked on a range of large scale 
solutions for over 5 years. Allanaire is a strong 
supporter of Object Oriented Programming 
and Open Source Development.

Chrisnel Tiglao 
Senior Quality Assurance Engineer
Chrisnel is a highly capable and professional 
lead for the quality assurance team. She 
believes in comprehensive test plans and 
attention to detail improving the quality of  
the product with every deployment.

Key Responsibilities:
 ӓ Digital Marketing  
Analysis.

 ӓ Community 
Management  
and Engagement.

 ӓ Media & Content 
Development.

Key Responsibilities:
 ӓ Trust & reputation
 ӓ Token design
 ӓ Feedback system

Key Responsibilities:
 ӓ Sprint planning.
 ӓ Software 
Development.

 ӓ Software 
Deployments.

Key Responsibilities:
 ӓ Writing test plans.
 ӓ Executing test plans.
 ӓ Estimating and 
prioritising of features.

37 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



intimate’s Advisors
The following is an overview of the current advisors from the blockchain, cryptocurrency and 
adult industry working with intimate.

Michael Terpin 
Primary Crypto Advisor
Michael has spent his career innovating in public relations and across 
technology platforms after exiting multiple startups as a co-founder. As 
head of Transform Group, he has led PR for leading blockchain projects 
including Augur, Bancor, Dash, Ethereum, Factom, Golem, Gnosis, Lisk, 
Qtum, SALT Lending, and WAX

Charlotte Rose 
Industry Advisor and Advocate
Charlotte Rose is an English sex worker, dominatrix, sexual trainer and 
political candidate from Nottingham who lives in London. In 2014 she 
took up politics, campaigning for sexual freedom as an independent 
candidate in the UK. Charlotte, a mother of two children, became a 
teacher before deciding to become an escort in 2003. She became a 

vocal supporter and advocate of the sex industry as well as hosting the acclaimed Charlotte 
Rose Show on Demon Seed Radio. With an ardent radio following and 21,000 twitter followers, 
Charlotte is a hugely influential figure in the global market.

Patrick Roberts  
Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Advisor
Patrick is a believer in the revolutionary power of blockchain 
technology and cryptocurrencies, and is a consultant for a number of 
blockchain based projects. He has 10 years experience in Intellectual 
Property & Innovation, and 5 years in cryptocurrency and blockchain 
technology. Patrick has worked as a Patent Examiner at IP Australia 

and co-founded and managed ABA technology Pty Ltd. Patrick has a deep knowledge and 
experience of cryptocurrency technology, markets and communities, and will assist the team 
in the development and growth of intimate and its network.

Mike Israel 
Trust & Identity
Mike is an expert in identity and online trust and verification having 
consulted for the top Australian companies over the last twenty years, 
he is extremely well connected in these fields. Mike has worked with 
the team on a variety of the aspects of the pseudonymous trust system.

38 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Kaliya Young  
Self Sovereign Identity
Kaliya Young (formerly Hamlin) is an expert in self-sovereign identity 
and identity on the blockchain, she is widely known as Identity Woman. 
In 2005 she co-founded the Internet Identity Workshop, five years 
later she founded the Personal Data Ecosystem Consortium. Kaliya is a 
visionary force in identity globally.

Mark Schechter  
Adult Entertainment
Mark has been a key player in the West Coast content industry for the 
last decade. He currently runs one of the major talent agencies.

Derrick Pierce  
Adult Entertainment
Derrick has an active career spanning over a decade performing in 
hundreds of major movies. He has won or been nominated for awards 
every year from 2008 to 2017. He is very active in the industry and brings 
a very strong network and voice to intimate.

Corey D. Silverstein  
Legal - adult industry /  Blockchain
Corey is advising intimate on adult specific legal aspects within America. 
Corey’s practice focuses on the many areas of the law that impact 
the adult industry. His clientele includes hosting companies, affiliate 
programs, content producers, payment processors, website operators, 
dating websites, webcam sites and performers.

David Gzesh 
Legal - Payments / Blockchain
David has extensive expertise in the convergence of bitcoin and adoption/
integration for licensed operators. David has a background in ViceTech 
especially gaming which faces many of the same challenges.

39 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Next Steps

How to buy intimate
During the public sale, the process to acquire intimate tokens is as follows:

PUBLIC SALE LAUNCH: 26.04.2018, 9.00AM GMT. Don’t miss out. Join Telegram to hear all the 
announcements and get the inside word. https://t.me/intimatetoken

1

2

3

4

5

6

Register at https://get.intimate.io, with your email or social login. 
You will need to complete KYC before being able to select a wallet 
type, or participate in the ICO. 

Once KYC is completed, you will select your wallet type; either 
the hosted intimate wallet or 3rd parties like MyEtherWallet or 
MetaMask which you manage separately. 

You will then be redirected to the dashboard which will show your 
current intimate token allocation/holdings, the ability to purchase via 
ETH, and their transaction history. 

From April 26 at 9:00am GMT, you will then be able to purchase 
your intimate -  the presets are 1ETH, 5ETH or a custom amount so 
that you can control how much you purchase.

If using MyEtherWallet or MetaMask, you will be asked to transfer 
ETH from their MyEtherWallet address (as assigned) to the Token 
Sale address.

Once the transaction appears on that address, it will automatically 
push the purchase through once it is successful and will update 
from PENDING in your transaction list to SUCCESS.

Public Sale Exchange Rate

1 ETH 600 ITM

33.333 ETH 20,000 ITM

100.000 ETH 60,000 ITM

333.333 ETH 200,000 ITM

The intimate (ITM) / Ethereum 
(ETH) rate has been pegged at 1 
ETH per 600 ITM tokens for the 
public sale.

40 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Connect with intimate

Other social channels

Telegram

intimatetoken intimatetoken intimatetoken

All of our major articles 
and content is shared 
via LinkedIn. We have 
developed a major network 
of influencers across the 
globe

Twitter is the intimate 
channel for fast 
communication, we keep it 
up-to-date and it comes into 
its own during our regular 
conference appearances. 

Facebook is the intimate 
family home! You will see 
the personal side of business 
and get to meet the people 
who have been working so 
hard on building intimate. 

The intimate team are regularly available for chat via 
telegram. This is the most dynamic social platform to engage 
with the team and other supporters of the intimate mission.

Click on the following link to join our Telegram group: 
https://t.me/intimatetoken

Telegram is the perfect place to ask questions, get support, 
learn more and add your voice to the growing number of 
people that do not want to see social stigma or institutional 
bias impact this industry any longer.

41 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Token Purchase Enquiries

Media Enquiries

Join the conversation

Reuben Coppa 
reuben@intimate.io 
+44 7852 532 554

Nathan Smale 
nathan@intimate.io 
+44 7722 048 519

Leah Callon-Butler 
leah@intimate.io 
+61 421 827 967

Erika Zapanta 
media@intimate.io 
+1702-503-1239

42 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



References

Web of trust
 ӓ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_of_trust

 ӓ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PageRank

Content curation
 ӓ https://medium.com/@ilovebagels/token-curated-registries-1-0-61a232f8dac7

 ӓ https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VNkBjjGhcZUV9CyC0ccWYbqeOoVKT2maqX0r
K3yXB20/edit

 ӓ https://media.consensys.net/exploring-continuous-token-models-towards-a-million-
networks-of-value-fff153175776

 ӓ https://medium.com/@simondlr/introducing-curation-markets-trade-popularity-of-
memes-information-with-code-70bf6fed9881

 ӓ https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BWWC__-Kmso9b7yCI_R7ysoGFIT9D_
sfjH3axQsmB6E/edit

 ӓ https://medium.com/@simondlr/city-walls-bo-taoshi-exploring-the-power-of-token-
curated-registries-588f208c17d5

Fee burning
 ӓ https://kyber.network/assets/KyberNetworkWhitepaper.pdf

User subsidies
 ӓ https://condenser.steem.vc/faq.html

 ӓ https://steem.io/SteemWhitePaper.pdf

P2P market clients
 ӓ https://www.openbazaar.org

 ӓ https://voluntary.net/bitmarkets/

Two-party escrow
 ӓ https://twitter.com/seongyupyoo

 ӓ http://nashx.com/About

43 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Glossary

Adult industry The commercial enterprises related to sale or purchase of sex-
related services, ranging from sex work, pornographic content, live 
interactive cam show, ecommerce and much more..

AML Anti-Money Laundering - regulations designed to ensure financial 
transactions are not being used to process ill gotten gains.

Attribute A piece of information that is stored associated to a specific entity.

Blockchain A digital ledger in which transactions made in bitcoin or another 
cryptocurrency are recorded chronologically and publicly

Cam Sites A website where users are able to watch and interact with a model 
who is live in another location, typically in exchange for money

Classified A website (or traditionally printed paper) where an individual or 
entity is able to advertise their products or services

Coin Used interchangeably with ‘Token’, a Coin is an unique identifier for 
a portion of a blockchain.

Content Platform A website that displays content for users, typically in this scenario 
that content is adult in nature.

Cryptocurrency A digital currency in which encryption techniques are used to 
regulate the generation of units of currency and verify the transfer of 
funds, operating independently of a central bank.

Discount A bonus offering to those individuals who purchased during the 
seed and/or industry rounds.

ERC-20 The ERC-20 standard (ERC-20). ERC-20 defines a common list of 
rules that an Ethereum token has to implement for Ethereum smart 
contracts.

Escrow Funds being held by a third party until such time as a pre-defined 
event occurs. In this instance, all payments are held in escrow until a 
minimum number of tokens are sold.

ETH The accepted currency code for Ethereum

Ether The term for one token built on the ethereum blockchain

Ethereum Ethereum is an open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed 
computing platform featuring smart contract (scripting) 
functionality.

False Negative A test result which wrongly indicates that a particular condition or 
attribute is absent.

44 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



Fiat Also ‘Fiat Money’ is the term for a currency whose value is set by the 
issuing government (and later market forces). Examples of this are 
USD, AUD and GBP.

Health Record A specific attribute that can stored on the intimate blockchain 
to register the status of an individual’s most recent sexual health 
record

ITM The proposed currency code for intimate

KYC Know Your Customer - a common requirement when transacting 
funds online to prove to a provider that you are who you say are.

Live Cam See Cam Sites

Matchmaker A service that lists and connects a consumer and a provider, in this 
instance specifically in the adult industry

Oracle A trusted, independent entity who is able to verify real world 
behaviour

Pre-transaction Refers to activities conducted before the transaction is executed

Provider An entity that provides either goods or services to consumers, in this 
case sexual in nature

Public The open stage of the token sale that allows any individual to buy 
intimate tokens.

Reputation A collection of attributes that can be stored on the intimate 
blockchain and be shared between users and providers

Reserve A portion of ITM tokens that are not released for sale but maintained 
by intimate for future use.

Token Used interchangeably with ‘Coin’, a token is an unique identifier for 
a portion of a blockchain.

User A person who engages with a provider for either goods or services, in 
this case adult or sexual in nature

Vesting The rate at which individuals who bought tokens at a discount 
can release those tokens back for re-sale. This is designed to avoid 
flooding the market at any point

Wallet A method for storing your cryptocurrencies, these can be everything 
from a printed piece of paper to web based solutions and hardware 
items

45 / 46CONTENTS WHAT IS INTIMATE? CONNECT BUY INTIMATE



intimate.io


