











































THENEW DIGITAL GOLD


www.ititaniumcoin.com

http://ititaniumcoin.com/


DISCLAIMERS

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper

The information set forth in this White Paper is for informational  

purpose only and may not be exhaustive. The content of this White  

Paper and is not binding for ITitanium Coin Ecosystem . ITitanium  

Coin reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of  

this White Paper for any reason at any time before, during and after  

the sale of ITitanium Coins by posting an amended White Paper on  

the website.

This White Paper does not constitute an investment, legal, tax,  

regulatory, financial, accounting or other advice, and is not intended  

to provide the sole basis for evaluation of any transaction on  

acquiring ITitanium Coins. Prior to acquiring the ITitanium Coins, a  

prospective purchaser should consult with his/her own legal,  

investment, tax, accounting and other advisors to determine the  

potential benefits, burdens and other consequences of such  

transaction.

Nothing in this White Paper shall be deemed to constitute aprospectus  

of any sort or a solicitation for investment, nor does it in any way  

pertain to an offering or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  

in any jurisdiction. This document is not composed in accordance  

with, and is not subject to, laws or regulations of any jurisdiction  

which prohibits or in any manner restricts transactions in respect of,or  

with use of, digital tokens.



The ITitanium Coins are not being offered or distributed to, as well as  

can not be resold or otherwise alienated by their holders to, citizensof,  

natural and legal persons, having their habitual residence, location or  

their seat of incorporation in the country or territory where  

transactions with digital tokens are prohibited or in any manner  

restricted by applicable laws or regulations. If such restricted person  

purchases the ITitanium Coins, such restricted person has done so on  

an unlawful, unauthorized and fraudulent basis and in this regard shall  

bear negative consequences.

ITitanium Coin neither offers or distributes the ITitanium Coins nor  

carries on a business (activity) in any regulated activity in Singapore,  

in People’s Republic of China or in other countries and territories  

where transactions in respect of, or with use of, digital tokens fall  

under the restrictive regulations or require ITitanium Coin to be  

registered or licensed with any applicable governmental authorities.

Each purchaser of the ITitanium Coins is reminded that this White  

Paper has been presented to him/her on the basis that he/she is a  

person into whose attention the document may be lawfully presented  

in accordance with the laws of the purchaser’s jurisdiction. It is the  

responsibility of each potential purchaser of the ITitanium Coins to  

determine if the purchaser can legally purchase the ITitanium Coinsin  

the purchaser’s jurisdiction and whether the purchaser can then resell  

the ITitanium Coins to another purchaser in any given jurisdiction.

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper



Certain statements, estimates and financial information contained in  

this White Paper constitute forward-looking statements or information.  

Such forward-looking statements or information involve known and  

unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause actual events or  

results to differ materially from the estimates or the results implied or  

expressed in such forward-looking statements or information.

The English language White Paper is the primary official source of  

information about the project. The information contained in English  

language White Paper may from time to time be translated into other  

languages. In the course of such translation some of the information  

contained in the English language White Paper may be lost,corrupted  

or misrepresented. The accuracy of such alternative communications  

cannot be guaranteed. In the event of any conflicts or inconsistencies  

between such translations and the official English language White  

Paper, the provisions of the English language original document shall  

prevail.

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper



CATEGORY

Contents

1. Overall market report

1. Worldwide financial market

2. Crypto currency market

3. About Titanium

4. Titanium usage

5. Market

2. Creation and development

1. Crypto currency creation anddevelopment

2. ITitanium Coin creation and development

3. ITitanium Coin introduction

4. What is ITitanium Coin

5. ITitanium Coin opportunity

6. Introduction to ICOs

1. ICO and Crowdsale terms

1. What is ICO

2. What is Crowdsale

3. ICO history

4. ITitanium Coin ICO event

1. When will it happen

4.Roadmap  

5.References  

6.UsefulLinks

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper



CONTENTS
1. Overall market report:

1.1 Worldwide financialmarket:

Global politics are awash with uncertainties .The tensions  

escalating on the Korean Peninsula show no sign of cooling,  

There is no escape from the chaos in the Middle East, and the  

breakaway waves in many parts of Europe bring significant  

signs of insecurity. Investment in gold or securities is not as  

profitable as historically expected.

1.2. Overall crypto currencymarket:

The crypto currency market is growing stronger than ever,which  

is reflected in not only Bitcoin but also in other competing  

Altcoins.

the  fastest and most profitable investment channel that neither  

gold nor real estate can compete with.

Bitcoin accounted for 90% of the crypto currency market,  

Ethereum had 5 %, and all other Altcoins shared the rest bythe  

beginning of 2017.

The market share was split at 50% of Bitcoin and 50% of other

Altcoins by the mid 2017.

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper



However, by the beginning of 2018 over 60% of the crypto currency  

market is commanded by Altcoins while 30% is being held by  

Bitcoin. This shows the dynamic shift of crypto market with an  

increased interest in Alt coins over the existing Bitcoins. The interest  

of intelligent investors in Altcoin investments, especially the token  

sales is due to the prospect of the new crypto currency to be valued  

thousands of times in the future

So if you are hesitant to grab some tokens in the first sale, they willbe  

gathered by all WHALE investors very quickly.

Records show that more than 90% of the Token available at the ICO

were purchased in a very short time

Investment in Crypto Currency is attracting more and more attention.

The statistical charts with higher and higher peaks of thecrypto  

currency market make people eager to invest in it

The field of digital payment especially digital money haswitnessed

many strong influences from the industrial revolution 4.0 recently.

The total capitalization of the crypto currency market stands atpresent  

at $170 billion

In early June 2017, Ronnie Moas, a security analyst and founder of  

Standpoint Research, predicted that the crypto currency market would  

reach $ 2,000 billion over the next five years.

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper



1.3.AboutTitanium

Titanium is a chemical element with symbol Ti and atomic number 22. Itis  

a lustrous transition metal with a silver color, low density, and high  

strength. Titanium is resistant to corrosion in sea water,

aquaregia, and chlorine.

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper

1.4. Titaniumusage

i) Aerospace/Marine/Missiles/Spacecraft:-

Because titanium alloys have high tensile strength to density  

ratio, high corrosion resistance, fatigue resistance, high crack  

resistance and ability to withstand moderately high temperatures  

without creeping, they are used in aircraft, armor

plating, naval ships, spacecraft and missiles



ii) Pigments/Additives/coatings:-

About 95% of all titanium ore is destined for refinement into titanium  

dioxide (TiO2), an intensely white permanent pigment used

in paints, paper, toothpaste and plastics. It is also used in cement,

in gemstones, as an optical pacifier in paper and as a strengthening agent  

in graphite composite fishing rods and golf clubs

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper

iii) Industrial:-

Welded titanium pipe and process equipment (heat exchangers,tanks,  

process vessels, valves) are used in the chemical and petrochemical  

industries primarily for corrosion resistance.



iv) Oil and Gas:-

Specific alloys are used in Oil & Gas down hole applications

and nickel hydrometallurgy for their high strength (e. g.: titanium Beta C  

alloy), corrosion resistance or both.

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper

v) Consumer and architectural:-

Titanium metal is used in automotive applications, particularly in  

automobile and motorcycle racing where low weight and high strengthand  

rigidity are critical.



vi) Sports:-

Titanium is used in many sporting goods: tennis rackets, golf clubs,lacrosse  

stick shafts; cricket, hockey, lacrosse, and football helmet grills,bicycle  

frames and components. Although not a mainstream material for bicycle  

production, titanium bikes have been used by racing teams

and adventure cyclists.

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper

vii) Specticles:-

Titanium alloys are used in spectacle frames that are rather expensivebut  

highly durable, long lasting, light weight, and cause no skinallergies.

Many backpackers use titanium equipment, including cookware, eating  

utensils, lanterns and tent stakes

viii) Jewellery:-

Because of its durability, titanium has become more popular for designer  

jewelry (particularly, titanium rings).



ix) Medical:-

Because titanium is biocompatible (non-toxic and not rejected by the  

body), it has many medical uses, including surgical implements and  

implants, such as hip balls and sockets (joint replacement) anddental  

implants that can stay in place for up to 20 years

x) NuclearWastage:-

Because of it is corrosion resistance, containers made of titanium have been  

studied for the long-term storage of nuclear waste. Containers lasting more  

than 100,000 years are thought possible with manufacturing conditions that  

minimize material defects. A titanium "drip shield" could also be installed  

over containers of other types to enhance theirlongevity.

By the end of 2018, we will be a step ahead in the usage of  

ITitanium coin, We are collaborating with organizations who use  

Titanium in making of their products. Our major collaborating  

industries include Titanium Jewellery, Titanium Watches and Medical  

Industry. ITitanium coin holders are privileged to purchase products  

from the above industries using their ITitaniumcoin.

5. Market

Titanium, being an extremely valuable and rarely available metal,  

garners a high demand in the market with minimal to no marketing.

USA, Canada, Europe and Australia are the key users.

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper



2. Creation and development

1. How was the crypto currency created anddeveloped?

The majority of financial transactions in our modern times havebeen  

gradually transformed into electronic ones.

With credit card companies charging high transaction fees and punitive  

interest rates and cash being expensive as well as inconvenient for  

international transactions, digital money is the best choice to bring  

significant benefits for both enterprises andconsumers.

The emergence of a range of digital currencies such as Bitcoin,  

Ethereum, Litecoin have proved against all odds that they are  

beneficial in financial transactions as well as their economic  

value.

Central banks in many countries have begun their own digitalmoney  

projects.

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper

It really is a revolution in payment methodology!



2.2 ITitanium Coin creation and development

ITitanium Coin was created not only to make the best use of all current  

technical advantages that previous digital currencies have contributed to  

the crypto currency community, but also to develop profound technical  

features bringing additional benefits to both consumers and service  

providers.

January 2017, ITitanium Coin was created by a team of experienced

London developers as a new digital currency based on decentralized

technology from a transparent platform.

ITitanium Coin Team conducted exhaustive research on the Technological

advancements of crypto currencies, connecting with experts, to build the

ITitanium Coin ecosystem.

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper

ITitanium Coin is ready for launch!



ITITANIUM COIN INTRODUCTION

2.3.1. What is ITitaniumCoin?

ITitanium Coin is a crypto currency based on  

Peer to Peer online payment network, using  

Scrypt PoS/PoW algorithm that allowsinstant  

and almost free online payments directly to  

anyone, anywhere in the world.

ITitanium Coin is a global payment network  

based on distributed open source codeworking  

without any central administrators.

The network is secured by mathematical coding  

allowing users to control their own finances.

ITITANIUMCOIN | WhitePaper www.ititaniumcoin.com

http://www.ititaniumcoin.com/


ITC TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS

What is Proof-of-StakeAlgorithm?

Proof of Stake (PoS) is a method of securing a cryptocurrency network that relies  

upon users showing ownership of coins in order to sign blocks. In the long run, the  

probability of signing blocks is proportional to the amount of coins owned. Someone  

owning 1% of total coin supply will be able to sign 1% of all proof of stake blocks.  

Compared to proof of work approach, proof of stake requires significantly less  

computational power and thus less energy usage.

Coin Age and LinearProof-of-Stake

Fundamental to most implementations of Proof of Stake, including that of ITitanium  

coin, is the concept of Coin Age. Essentially, this is a measure of how long a coin  

holder has held onto coins without spending or moving them. From the time a  

transaction is completed, coins that were part of that transaction begin to accumulate  

Coin Age (which starts at zero). In its simplest form, entitled "linear coin age", coins  

will accumulate a minute/hour/day/year of Coin Age each minute/hour/day/year of  

age. For example, a person that holds 365 coins for 100 days accumulates 36,500  

'coin days’ or approximately 100 'coin years' (A 'coin year' is defined to account for  

leap years, and thus is not exactly 365 days, but ~365.24 days). Linear Proof-of-

Stake designs have attracted criticism in relation to Coin Age. Many argue that linear  

Proof-of-Stake encourages hoarding of coins (which can have a detrimental effect on  

trade and transfer volume). Another valid complaint against linear Proof-of-Stake  

relates to the effect it can have on network security. Linear Proof-of-Stake  

implementations often suffer due to users periodically connecting to the ITitanium  

network to stake their coins and then disconnecting once all Coin Age has been  

destroyed. The user then waits until Coin Age has replenished before repeating the  

connect-stake-disconnect process. This does not provide the best security for the  

network, and a Proof-of-Stake algorithm that rewards frequent or constant staking  

would be most beneficial to ITitanium coin and related Proof-of-Stake currencies.

ITITANIUMCOIN | WhitePaper www.ititaniumcoin.com

http://www.ititaniumcoin.com/


Timestamp Server

The solution we propose begins with a timestamp server. A timestamp server works  

by taking a hash of a block of items to be timestamped and widely publishing the  

hash, such as in a newspaper or Usenet post. The timestamp proves that the data  

must have existed at the time, obviously, in order to get into the hash. Each  

timestamp includes the previous timestamp in its hash, forming a chain, with each  

additional timestamp reinforcing the ones before it.

Privacy

The traditional banking model achieves a level of privacy by limiting access to  

information to the parties involved and the trusted third party. The necessity to  

announce all transactions publicly precludes this method, but privacy can still be  

maintained by breaking the flow of information in another place: by keeping public  

keys anonymous. The public can see that someone is sending an amount to someone  

else, but without information linking the transaction to anyone. This is similar to the  

level of information released by stock 6 exchanges, where the time and size of  

individual trades, the "tape", is made public, but without telling who the parties were.

As an additional firewall, a new key pair should be used for each transaction to keep  

them from being linked to a common owner. Some linking is still unavoidable with  

multi-input transactions, which necessarily reveal that their inputs were owned by the  

same owner. The risk is that if the owner of a key is revealed, linking could reveal other  

transactions that belonged to the same owner.



ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper  

4

2.3.2 Ititanium Coin Ecosystem and Opportunity

The whole of Titanium  

Industry Space i.e Titanium  

Metal Miners, Ore  Extraction, 

Processing  Plants, Ti and Tio2  

Distributers, Dealers and  

Titanium End Product  

Companies, need to either  

process, distribute, buy and  

sell Titanium or Tio2  

(Titanium Dioxide) related  

products to each other.



It is on this Titanium Ecosystem or Titanium goods exchange system that the ITC  

coin Project is focused on. By partnering with the right suppliers and end product  

Companies in the Titanium space, the ITC coin will be used to create a common  

worldwide platform to facilitate a fair trade, exchange and distribution of Titanium  

goods and products between different industry partners.

ITCCOIN

Ecosystem

Ti/Tio2  
Mining  

Companies

Ti ,Tio2  
extracion,  
Processing  
Companies

Ti, Tio2End  
Product  

Companies

Ti/Tio2  
End users,  
Consumers

Ti – Titanium

Tio2 – Titanium Dioxide

The ITC coin Ecosystem will help different Titanium Suppliers, Distributors & End  

product use companies (both Small & big) to have multiple channels of business all  

over the world and a uniform opportunity and flexibility in doing successful business  

without having to be wholly dependent on one primary local or international supplier  

or distributor.

And "To Increase the Transparency of the exchange of goods and related  

transactions", the ITC coin uses a Blockchain. Since Blockchain is a Decentralized  

system or a Trustless system, all involved partners in the exchange of goods and  

services will have a clear visibility of any and all ITC transactions made in the  

process and a permanent record on the Blockchain.



In Summary, Primary Benefits of ITC coin Ecosystem for the Titanium Space are

1.To Provide a Transparent system of payments and a permanent record system between

diverse Titanium Industry partners through the use of Blockchain.

2.To allows every Titanium Industry entity (Big or Small) to have a common worldwide  

access to diverse industry partners for better business and wider growth opportunities.

3.Superior and faster distribution of goods and services through faster payments and a  

common token use.

4.End users or consumers can also use the ITC tokens to buy Ti or TiO2 products for  

individual uses and also avail the growth of the ITC token utility value over time due to  

the ITC ecosystem.

Because of the very wide and diverse uses of Titanium/Tio2 for various products like  

household, food, pigments, cosmetics, paints, coating, jewelry, military, energy,  

aerospace, medical products, etc. and the sheer size of the Titanium Industry Space, the  

ITC coin has a massive opportunity of growth and utility. The goal of the ITC company  

is to make the ITC coin a representative exchange token for the entire Titanium  

Industry space.

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper



3. Introduction to ICO

1. ICO and CrowdsaleTerms

1. What is ICO?

We seethat

Ititanium has a

vision for a

‘world computer,’(in

more specific words, a

world network of

decentralized

applications) and it is

determined to develop  

an ecosystem where

everything functions as

one withoutproblems.

Initial coin offering (ICO) is an  

unregulated and controversial means of  

crowd funding via use of crypto currency,  

which can be a source of capital forstartup  

companies. In an ICO, a percentage of the  

newly issued crypto currency is sold to  

investors to finance the project in future.

3.1.2. What isCrowdsale?

Crowdsale is token sale selling sequenceof  

a new crypto currency during its ICO  

period. A token is issued as a stock and  

named as its crypto currency when sold to  

investors. One or more Crowdsale  

sequences can be held by a new crypto  

currency. Crowdsale sequence usually lasts  

between 10 days and 1 month until the  

target, the planned amount of Bitcoin or  

Ether is reached. There have been instances  

in the history of Crowdsale, where the sale  

lasted only a few hours as the target was  

quickly gained due to the crypto currency’s  

attraction.

www.ititaniumcoin.com
ITITANIUMCOIN | WhitePaper

http://www.ititaniumcoin.com/


www.ititaniumcoin.com

3.2. ICO history:

ICOs have experienced a significant

rate of growth in 2014-2016, with the

overall funding rising from $26 to$222  

million. One of the very first ICOs,

Mastercoin, has managed to secure$5  

million worth of Bitcoins.

Subsequently, other tech companies

have followed Mastercoin’s model. In

mid-August, 2017, there were 157

raised ICOs and raised over$3.2

billion funding.

The ICO market is growing

exponentially, with $168 million in

crowd funding resulting in a market  

capitalization of $4.5 billion.(Forbes)

ITITANIUMCOIN | WhitePaper

http://www.ititaniumcoin.com/


n.com

3. ITitanium Coin’s ICO

1. When will it happen?

ITitanium Coin will be activatedon  

December 2017 via its ICO. ITC  

will distribute 6.9 million ITC  

Coins. This is really a great  

opportunity to invest in ITitanium  

Coin at its lowest price of just

$ 0.5 as well as to makemoney  

through Coin Staking.

This crowd sale sequence is  

planned to month of December  

2017 to January the 31st 2018.  

However it may end sooner if 6.9  

million ITitanium Coin is soldout  

and ITC achieves its targetearly.

All unsold coins will bedistributed  

To all ICO buyers based on their  

percentage.



www.ititaniumcoin.com

ICO funds uses will be as follows

ITITANIUMCOIN | WhitePaper

http://www.ititaniumcoin.com/


ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper

Our roadmap intends to be conservative, as we  

may do some things faster than what we are  

estimating (for example, one of our main priorities  

is our own ititanium card, as we believe that this  

will generate a lot of attention, and we hope to  

don’t wait until May 2018 to have it ready). Also, we  

are sure that our community will have more ideas to  

add in our roadmap.

ROADMAP



➢Go shopping with ITC coin  

It’s easy to load your ITC Debit  

Card with funds from your ITC  

Wallet and spend traditional  

currencies anywhere majorcards  

are accepted.

ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper

➢ Online or offline

A ITC debit card works online,  

offline as well as internationally,  

making it simple for our usersto  

use at businesses all around the  

world.

➢No ID verification required  

ITC customers are notrequired  

to complete ID verification  

provided they stay within the  

lower debit card limits. It is  

possible to increase security if  

desired.

➢Standard or Express delivery  

We always have cards in stock, so  

yours can be shipped the day after  

you place your order. The fastest

option to receive the card isthrough  

DHL Express service. (3-10  

Business Days)

TITANIUM

SATOSHINAKAMOTO

I TC



REFERENCES

1. http://bitcoin.org

2. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=1

387400;sa=showPosts

3. https://wiki.openssl.org/index.php/Elliptic_Curve_D

iffie_Hellman

4. http://blog.ezyang.com/2012/07/secure-multiparty-

bitcoin-anonymization

5. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=279249.0 

(CoinJoin: Bitcoin privacy for the realworld)

6. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=27787.0 

(Proof of stake instead of proof of work)

7. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Proof_of_Stake

8. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Deterministic_wallet

9. https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-

0032.mediawiki

www.ititaniumcoin.com.
ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper

http://bitcoin.org/
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=1387400;sa=showPosts
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=1387400;sa=showPosts
https://wiki.openssl.org/index.php/Elliptic_Curve_Diffie_Hellman
https://wiki.openssl.org/index.php/Elliptic_Curve_Diffie_Hellman
http://blog.ezyang.com/2012/07/secure-multiparty-bitcoin-anonymization
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=279249.0
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=27787.0
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Proof_of_Stake
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Deterministic_wallet
https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0032.mediawiki
http://ititaniumcoin.com/


USEFULLINKS

Telegram
https://t.me/ititaniumcoin

Twitter
https://twitter.com

Facebook

https://www.facebook.com

Slack

https:// ititaniumcoin.slack.com

Instagram

https://www.instagram.com

Website

www.ititaniumcoin.com

www.ititaniumcoin.com.
ITITANIUMCOIN| WhitePaper

http://ititaniumcoin.com/
https://t.me/ititaniumcoin
https://t.me/ititaniumcoin
https://twitter.com/ItitaniumCoin
https://twitter.com/ItitaniumCoin
https://www.facebook.com/ititaniumCCoin/
https://www.facebook.com/ititaniumCCoin/
https://ititaniumcoin.slack.com/messages/C8AFAC1BN/
https://ititaniumcoin.slack.com/messages/C8AFAC1BN/
https://www.instagram.com/ititaniumcoin/
https://www.instagram.com/ititaniumcoin/
http://ititaniumcoin.com/
http://ititaniumcoin.com/
http://ititaniumcoin.com/



