



































IUNGO whitepaper.pages


 

v 1.2

IUNGO.NETWORK
Whitepaper



TABLE OF CONTENTS 

1. Executive summary 3 
2. Market opportunity 5 

2.1.    Regionally based providers 6 

2.2.   Small and medium-sized business needs 6 

2.3.   Network expansion and capacity 6 

3. Business model 7 
4. Marketing and Strategy  9 
5. Competition 9 

5.1.    FON Network 9 

5.2.   Boingo 9 

5.3.   Hotspot system 10 

5.4.   Airfy 10 

5.5.   Socify 10 

6. Technical description 11 
6.1.    Overview 11 

6.2.   Wi-Fi deployment sites 12 

6.3.   Accounts & Identities 14 

6.4.   IUNGO mobile wallet 14 

6.5.   IUNGO cloud wallet 15 

6.6.   Payments 16 

6.7.   Services 19 

6.8.   Infrastructure entities 20 

7. Crowdsale details 20 
7.1.    Pre-ICO 21 

7.2.   ICO 21 

7.3.   Budget allocation 23 

7.4.   Vesting 24 

8. Notice and disclaimer 24 
9. References 25



1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
AT IUNGO WE BELIEVE THAT AFFORDABLE INTERNET ACCESS IS A BASIC HUMAN RIGHT! 

The emergence of a plethora of powerful personal and business internet applications has 

transformed how businesses and consumers operate. Explosive growth in internet consumption is 

being propelled by rapid advances in internet-related infrastructure and services.  

Despite the explosive growth, major problems still persist for  users to get onto this information 

superhighway. One of the problems with local providers and local connectivity is that it limits on 

the go usage. Mobile data plans implement usage restrictions and relatively high fees.  

WiFi connection problems range from annoying nuances such as localized captive portals and 

injected advertisement to dangerous issues such as malicious hotspots and open access points 

where more or less everyone can eavesdrop on your unencrypted traffic. Industry bodies and local 

providers fail to address the issues of seamless connectivity and roaming.  

WHY CAN’T WIFI JUST WORK RELIABLY AND SECURELY?  

IUNGO is a globally distributed wireless internet service provider built with the help of a 

worldwide community. We are bootstrapping a community where everyone can assume 

responsibilities and benefit from the associated rewards for running parts of the service delivery 

infrastructure. Members can contribute by installing Public Wi-Fi access points on their premises 

and/or running parts of the service infrastructure.  

Our network will rely on the existing physical Internet infrastructure to carry end-user traffic and 

will form an overlay network with unified end-user identification, authentication and billing 

systems. We will use the Ethereum network to build trusted, transparent accounting and 

payment infrastructure. Our mobile applications will enable low granularity service usage 

accounting and compensation for services rendered. Additionally to the software solution, 

hardware will be offered as an option, with pre-setup routers available for those seeking a 

consumer friendly plug and play experience. 

IUNGO will not limit itself to the technical research and development needed to deploy the 

network at global scale, but will also build worldwide recognition of the brand.  

 A TOKEN BASED ECONOMY POWERED BY A CLOSED LOOP OF INCENTIVES 

Supply side participants in the IUNGO Network will be incentivized to provide internet access 

both in places with high traffic of smartphone users and remote workers (town centers, cafes, 

airports) but also in remote places in the developing world where there was no internet coverage 

before — imagine, for example, an enterprising   citizen of a remote African village sharing his 

satellite based broadband with his community via IUNGO. The advantages for the consumers in 

the developed world are obvious; fast, secure, instantaneous WiFI internet access wherever they 

are in the world. No forms to fill in, no risk of  personal data being stolen, no extortionate hidden 

roaming charges.  



 

CUSTOMERS 

• Small and medium-sized businesses 
(e.g. restaurants, cafes and bars) 

• large enterprises and governments 
wishing to provide secure public / 
visitor internet access 

• individuals who live in close 
proximity to crowded public spaces 

• Airbnb hosts 
• co-working spaces 
• investors interested in providing 

wireless coverage in a selected area 
(street, square, block or whole city) 

• MICE organizers (Meetings, 
Incentives, Conferences and Events/
Exhibitions)

BENEFITS 

• Additional revenue stream for 
individuals and businesses 

• Cost savings 
• Access to a global user base 
• Increased engagement,  low entry 

barrier (cheap — free to use, small 
fee based on revenue) 

• Powerful web based service 
management tools (network abuse 
prevention, reports, billing, alerts, 
captive portals, white label 
branding) 

• Marketing tools 
• Increased security 
• Reduced legal liability for corporate 

“visitor” internet access 

WIRELESS INTERNET 

SERVICE PROVIDERS

CUSTOMERS 

• Travelers 
• Remote workers (hipsters or 

professionals working from coffee 
shops) 

• Digital nomads 
• Residents of countries where mobile 

data plans are expensive and/or 
poor coverage 

• Heavy youtube users 
• Hardcore gamers on the move

BENEFITS 

• Instant, seamless, safe and 
automated connectivity with hassle-
free payments 

• Affordable and transparent 
accounting with single wallet 
globally 

• Usage based on preferences (price, 
speed, quality, reviews) 

• Global providers network with 
recognizable branding

WIRELESS INTERNET 

USERS



• End users can review ratings of any 
particular Access Point (AP) and provide 

ratings by collecting quality metrics 

(latency, jitter, bandwidth) of connections 

(AP collected metrics are not enough) 

• AP providers are placed on the map and 
businesses can provide descriptions 

• AP providers can choose to redirect end-
user traffic via third parties therefore 

limiting legal liability exposure 

• AP owners can override the IUNGO 
recommended price for their location and 

set their preferred price for the service 

• We are building a community where 
evangelists can provide introductions to 

installers and manage troubleshooting if 

problems involving local competences 

(distributed labour) arise 

• Anyone competent enough to participate 
in running core infrastructure components, 

can take part and benefit from the 

incentives 

• IUNGO provides complete marketing and 
brand recognition 

On one side of the market we have the existing wireless internet companies operating in the field 

with closed, managed, walled garden proprietary technologies. On the other side we have small 

and medium businesses running unsecured networks without any controls and   without any 

material marketing opportunities. With open protocols, an incentivized business model and the 

power of collaboration with blockchain payments, this market is ripe for disruption. 

2. MARKET OPPORTUNITY 
The Global Internet Service Providers industry is one of the fastest-growing industries in the global 

economy. Explosive growth is being propelled by rapid advancements in internet-related 

infrastructure and services, as the emergence of a plethora of powerful personal and business 

internet applications has transformed how businesses and consumers operate. Rapidly rising 

demand for broadband internet access and continued investment in wired internet infrastructure 

have helped propel the industry forward.

According to IBIS World research, the annual growth rate between 2012 and 2017 was 8.8%. The 

majority of Internet service providers are multi billion dollar Telecommunications companies like 

AT&T, Verizon and China mobile. 



 

2.1.    REGIONALLY BASED PROVIDERS 

Most of these Telcos and ISP’s are regionally based with no convenient services for today’s new 

generation of freelance workers, digital nomads, travelers, vloggers, etc. It is a significant problem 

for them to access reliable and sufficient internet services outside of their home country. Wi-Fi 

password hunting, filling forms in airports and public spaces, unknown security or payment 

options, poor download and upload speeds and data usage restrictions causing not just 

inconvenience but a measurable and material waste of time, energy and money.  

2.2.   SMALL AND MEDIUM-SIZED BUSINESS NEEDS 

WiFi is now a must have amenity for every consumer-facing business, but for venue owners, 

providing a reliable WiFi service is difficult. Today’s market offers a wide range of guest WiFi 

solutions, but they are neither cheap nor simple for a small business to use. Hotspot management 

tools suffer from usage complexity, user base disparity and zero brand recognition. The WiFi 

experience and monetization models are subpar solutions at best lacking centralized 

management, operational tools and usage stats. There is no existing service which provides easy 

Plug & Play usage and marketing tools.  

2.3.   NETWORK EXPANSION AND CAPACITY 

As the demand for mobile broadband services continues to explode, mobile wireless networks 

must greatly expand their capacities. Simultaneously, the revenues generated from data traffic 

are falling. In this context, service providers are calling for network strategies that alleviate the 

CAPEX burden of satisfying this demand. One effective method of spectrum reuse by which 

mobile networks may be able to accommodate this exponential growth in demand is to offload 

certain segments of their traffic onto Wi-Fi networks — which are connected by fixed broadband 

484

584
620

697

783

879

2013 2015 2017 2019 2021 2023

GLOBAL ISP 
MARKET GROWTH



access lines directly to the Internet. By migrating data traffic from expensive cellular networks to 

WiFi infrastructure, WiFi Offload implies dramatic savings on infrastructural costs and also 

enhances the user connectivity experience while providing value-added WiFi services. 

Wi-Fi offload allows the portion of data traffic emanating from the mobile device that is destined 

directly for the Internet to be injected immediately into the Internet for routing to its final 

destination. This traffic never touches the mobile operator's core network. Also Wi-Fi offload uses 

unlicensed spectra. Further, Wi-Fi has access to a very substantial amount of spectrum — with 

allocations of several hundred MHz in the 2400 MHz and 5000 MHz bands. Because of the low 

permitted power of Wi-Fi signals, it is possible to make very substantial reuse of these frequencies. 

To take advantage of this, many mobile wireless devices are capable of connecting to local Wi-Fi 

networks in addition to signals from cell towers.  

WiFi is now a must have amenity for every consumer-facing business, but for venue owners, 

providing a WiFi service that adds value beyond connectivity while complying with regulations is 

difficult. Complete WiFi service packages offer centralized management, and operation from the 

cloud, easy integration into the service portfolio, compliance with security and regulatory 

obligations and increased revenue. Revenue could be increased directly by selling WiFi access or 

upselling it as a part of package.  

Alternatively, additional charges for WiFi are not applicable in some markets due to the broad 

availability and competitive prices for LTE. But even in these situations, small and medium 

companies would benefit from a complete managed WiFi services toolkit for marketing purposes. 

3. BUSINESS MODEL 
IUNGO will operate initially with a freemium concept. We are used to having free WiFi (in the 

developed world), but instead of standard security for providers and users, some premium 

services will come at a cost. For users premium services will include VPN for Total Privacy, 

Enterprise grade security for traveling professionals and extreme high speed.  For businesses the 

premium services will include Marketing tools like user emailing services and in app advertising. 

Premium services will be paid for in IUNGO tokens by both users and providers via the IUNGO 

wallet.  

Additionally, our Open Source software will allow us to integrate third party apps and services for 

both users and business. These third party services will also leverage IUNGO tokens for payment, 

therefore creating an ecosystem of applications operating on top of the core IUNGO protocol 

framework. 

IUNGO will charge a 3% transaction fee from WiFi service providers, or Third party services. 

Additionally 1% will go to the Service Gateway operator (anyone can operate service gateways). 

This one percent will be distributed equally between all service gateways in a situation where 

multiple gateways are involved in the transaction chain. Additionally, 1% may go to local 

evangelists as a referral bonus. The remaining 95% (or 96% in cases when there is no referrer) of 

the end user payment will go to the WiFi service provider.  



Payments for the service will be made with ING coins within the system. Coins will be available on 

a variety of exchanges. The service gateway will have integrations with major exchanges to get ING 

coins instantaneously in real time for a seamless user experience. 

ING coin owners can either use tokens for the service or sell them on Exchanges. Despite the 

increasing usage of the IUNGO network and increasing numbers  of users, the supply and total 

number ING coins remains limited, so the value should grow in parallel with the growth in 

adoption and usage of the network. 

The Wifi Internet price is not directly related to the ING price. The price will vary due to a variety of 

market specifics and other factors. The IUNGO token will be used as a medium of exchange 

between fiat currency and the service provided. 

In crafting the overall monetary policy of the IUNGO economy and tokens themselves (ING), we 

had several factors to consider. We had to create enough tokens to power a truly global network 

while balancing this with a relatively scarce total supply and a clear and transparent fiscal policy 

so that investors can rest assured that the tokens will healthily and smoothly increase in value as 

the volume of network users and providers scales globally. To that end we have decided that after 

the Token generation and sale event (ICO) no additional ING tokens will ever be created. 

Furthermore, all tokens offered for sale in the ICO that remain unsold will be burned.  

FREEMIUM 
BUSINESS MODEL

FOR USERS

FREE PREMIUM

Millions of hotspots

Security 

Statistics 

Map

Android iOS app

VPN

No ads

Super speed

Unlimited bandwidth

Millions of hotspots

Security 

Statistics 

Map

Android iOS app

VPN

No ads

Super speed

Unlimited bandwidth

FOR PROVIDERS

FREE PREMIUM

PLUG & Play software PLUG & Play software

Open Source 

Ready for e-commerce

Security

No IT personnel needed

Revenue sharing

Email marketing

In-app ads

Millions of global 
customers

Support

User statistics

Open Source 

Ready for e-commerce

Security

No IT personnel needed

Revenue sharing

Email marketing

In-app ads

Millions of global 
customers

Support

User statistics



4. MARKETING AND STRATEGY  
Local evangelists, tech support program (Geographically based IUNGO ambassadors affiliate 

program) will receive 1% of transactions they are involved with. 

A substantial amount of budget will be allocated for public awareness, consumer marketing and 

B2B sales and marketing. The HORECA and MICE industries (events, exhibitions) will be a 

particular area of focus for these campaigns. 

We are establishing ongoing cooperation with router manufacturers and firmware developers. 

With a goal of custom hardware creation after the second funding phase. 

A bounty program will be established with funds for coverage. Initial coverage on demand. 

Different geographical areas will have regional pricing suggested by the IUNGO service gateway, 

but each provider will be able to overwrite this price creating marketplace dynamics 

WiFi providers who choose IUNGO will be provided with   industry leading tools to generate 

metrics for the business owner — retention, returning customers, usage stats, abuse counter 

measurements (web, https, email), bandwidth limitation. 

5. COMPETITION 
Local evangelists, tech support program (Geographically based IUNGO ambassadors affiliate 

program) will receive 1% of transactions they are involved with. 

5.1.    FON NETWORK 

Fon is a carrier WiFi provider and are pioneers of residential WiFi sharing. Fon Solutions offers WiFi 

products and services. Their management solutions enable service providers to configure, deliver 

and operate their own WiFi services. Fon Network aggregates residential and premium carrier 

WiFi footprints creating one coherent global WiFi network. Fon facilitates WiFi interconnection 

between carriers, provide access deals to interested parties, and enable seamless user roaming. 

Fon´s global clients include British Telecom, the Deutsche Telekom Group, SFR, Proximus, KPN, 

Cosmote, MWEB, SoftBank, Telstra, and Vodafone. 

5.2.   BOINGO 

Boingo Wireless, Inc. is a Wi-Fi software and services provider that makes it easy, convenient and 

cost-effective for people to enjoy Wi-Fi access on their laptop or mobile device at more than 

325,000 hotspots worldwide. With a single account, Boingo users can access the mobile Internet 

via Boingo Network locations that include the top airports around the world, major hotel chains 



and coffee shops, restaurants, convention centers and metropolitan hot zones. Boingo and its 

Concourse Communications Group subsidiary operate wired and wireless networks at large-scale 

venues worldwide such as airports, major sporting arenas, malls, and convention centers, as well 

as quick serve restaurants. Price for the service is 39 USD per month for global plan and 9 USD per 

month for US only plan. 

5.3.   HOTSPOT SYSTEM 

HotspotSystem provides hotspot management and billing services for businesses or individuals 

who want to provide internet access for their customers. Their Cloud-Based Hotspot Management 

allows customers to manage unlimited hotspot locations from a Control Center. All changes are 

available in remote locations in real time. The Router Alert feature will alert you if a device goes 

down. All user activity can be seen when it happens and can also be exported or can be accessed 

remotely via our API. Features: unlimited locations, customizations, network abuse prevention, 

router alerts, user management, logs, reports, billing, etc. Pricing: 15% — 25% transaction fee for 

accepting payment in hotspot. Payout once a month. Plans without payments limited by sessions 

and costs 5 USD per location per month for 3000 sessions. 

5.4.   AIRFY 

This is a public WiFi for business solutions. When providing WiFi to your guests without Airfy, you 

are liable for the actions of your guests. Airfy is an internet service provider, therefore not liable for 

those actions. As soon as you use airfy, you are safe from legal threat. All your guests’ data traffic is 

securely channeled to the internet through the airfy cloud VPN server. Thanks to this technology, 

you as a WiFi provider are safe. The guests are using the internet as airfy users, so that you are not 

liable for their actions. All you need to set up is electricity and an internet provider. Cloud-based 

support. Price for the service is 19 EUR per month for Starter package and 39 EUR per month for 

Marketing plan with Facebook page promotion features. 

5.5.   SOCIFY 

SOCIFI is a cloud-based platform designed for Wireless Providers to enable the monetization of 

their networks. In large scale or custom deployments, SOCIFI is capable of also providing a local 

hosting solution for enterprise infrastructure. A plan with all features for 15000 sessions a month 

costs 195 USD. 



6. TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION 

6.1.    OVERVIEW 

The IUNGO will provide public Wi-Fi access. Service providers will be deploying Wi-Fi sites by 

installing and registering access points for public use. Service consumers will be able to use the 

IUNGO mobile wallet application or the IUNGO website to locate sites providing access to the 

IUNGO network. When in radio proximity to an active access point, a consumer's device will access 

internet services and pay for services used. There will be two levels of access security and two 

payment methods available. High communication security and more flexible payment terms will 

be available to end users willing to install a IUNGO mobile wallet application. A fallback browser 

based authentication and payment method will be available via IUNGO cloud wallet for those 

without the mobile application installed. All payments will be Token based and cleared on the 

public Ethereum network. 

  

Wi-Fi access will be delivered by Wi-Fi access points installed and operated by service providers 

(IUNGO community members). Access points will provide customer devices with physical access 

to the Internet directly, via existing connections to Internet Service Providers or indirectly via 

transport gateways operated by service providers having carrier status (with legal immunity from 

liability in respect to content transferred). Due to limited hardware resources, access points will 

offload all end-user identity verification and payment transaction to service gateways. Service 

gateways will store configuration and state information of all paired access points/site controllers, 

and will provide database replicas of all deployment sites, proxy reputation feedback data and in 

concert with wallets will participate in off-chain state channel based micropayment transactions 

and will be interacting with the Token contract on-chain. Each service gateway will embed an 

Ethereum node and will interact with smart contracts on the Ethereum platform on behalf of the 



wallets. Anyone conforming to the qualification requirements and IUNGO operations rules will be 

able to operate service gateways and reap the associated rewards. Service gateway operators will 

be able to define their own schemes for how they compensate service providers for services 

rendered. IUNGO ORG will be operating the service gateways taking fixed commission from 

actual payments received from consumers.   There is a trust based relationship between the 

service provider and service gateway operator. Service providers can freely choose which service 

gateway to pair with. Payments from wallets to service gateways will use zero trust state channel 

based payments. Payments from service gateways to service providers will rely on trust between 

them. 

You would not be mistaken if the IUNGO service gateway operations looks to you very similar to 

the Ethereum mining pool operations: you have miners (providers) running mining rigs (access 

points) contributing work (giving access to internet) to a benefit of a pool (service gateway). The 

pool (service gateway) operator reaps reward for a block mined (services provided), keeps the 

commission and distribute rewards to miner(s) (provider(s)). This model enables creative and 

competitive reward distribution schemes to flourish. 

6.2.   WI-FI DEPLOYMENT SITES 

The deployment site is a physical location where access points will be installed by, or on behalf of 

the site operator. Access points will provide a physical connectivity layer to the internet. 

Depending on the size of deployment site, it may take one to many access points to provide a 

good quality service. To address different deployment site scale requirements, three deployment 

strategies will be pursued.  

  

In very small sites off the shelf wireless routers running IUNGO provided custom firmware will be 

directly connected to local internet service provider. A selected set of the wireless router models 

will be supported by custom firmware to act as IUNGO network compatible access points. For 



average sized sites up to 8 access points can be daisy chained to cover a larger area. The access 

points will be able to detect daisy chained neighbors and auto-configure the bridging mode to 

relay traffic to the next neighbor while the nearest one to the ISP will function as site controller. 

Small and normal sized site access points will have a dedicated port to connect the site owner’s 

network devices (like Point of Sale equipment, video cameras, etc.) which will be completely 

isolated from the wireless network. For bigger sites (hotels, exhibition venues) with many access 

points installed a dedicated IUNGO site controller will be used to manage the site. Only enterprise 

class access points with original vendor supplied firmware and sufficient capabilities or IUNGO 

partner provided IUNGO network compatible access points will be supported in big sites to 

reduce the chances of hard to debug problems. Additionally — subject to compatibility of existing 

access points/switches in an existing Wi-Fi deployment site — a IUNGO site controller may be 

installed to add IUNGO network capability to an existing Wi-Fi deployment site.  IUNGO network 

compatible access points and site controllers will be made available for purchase from IUNGO 

ORG partners. Very small sites will have a single access point paired with a service gateway. 

Average size sites will have only the access point directly connected to internet service provider 

and acting as site controller paired with service gateway. On bigger sites only the site controller 

will be paired.  

Two Wi-Fi networks (SSIDs) will be served by each access point: one open/unencrypted network 

and one authenticated/encrypted network. Only open/unencrypted network announcement 

beacons will be broadcasted. No network advertisement beacons will be broadcasted by access 

points until the control channel to service gateway is established to reduce waste of time / battery 

charge of consumers connecting to an access point without access to internet. Unencrypted 

wireless network will greet users with a captive portal and will offer users to choose either to 

install a mobile wallet application (to become able to connect to the secured network) or to 

connect to a secured IUNGO cloud wallet to pay and continue using unsecured Wi-Fi network 

service. Authenticated and encrypted network will only serve customers who have a mobile wallet 

installed. 

A custom firmware for wireless routers will run a Linux based environment build on top of 

OpenWrt project. Wireless interfaces will be managed by hostapd daemon. The IUNGO developed 

local RADIUS daemon will serve hostapd to authenticate mobile wallet users using an EAP-TLS 

authentication scheme and will derive encryption keys for each Wi-Fi client session. Each RADIUS 

server (running in access point or site controller) will have a security certificate installed. A captive 

portal agent will take over DNS/HTTP traffic on unencrypted wireless network interface and will 

redirect consumers to the IUNGO wallet page until network access restrictions are lifted. API 

daemon will expose HTTPS based API used by mobile wallet and cloud wallet to communicate 

with service gateway serving a site and all other IUNGO services. A control agent will keep live 

connection to a service gateway and will control user access to the internet based on commands 

received from the service gateway. A similar set of software will be deployed on the site controller. 



SERVICE PROVIDER RISKS: 

• Monthly payments; 
• Cheating/attacks by users (no payment for usage from IUNGO) — solution: constant 

network improvements, monitoring tools, client support (investigate reported issues); 

• Single payment gateway for initial V1; 
• Service gateway takes risks (places customer money into blockchain). 

6.3.   ACCOUNTS & IDENTITIES 

Mobile and cloud wallets, service providers and service gateways will have self-generated 

cryptographic pseudo-identities. IUNGO will reuse the identity mechanism employed in the 

Ethereum network: each entity will generate an Elliptic Curve key pair. A truncated hash of public 

key will serve as an entity identifier and also as an account number on the Token contract. A key 

pair will be used to sign and verify signatures, to derive shared session keys for encrypted 

communications and also to calculate the identifier of the Token holder. All payment messages 

generated by wallets and relayed to the Token contract on the Ethereum network will be signed 

to prove the Token holder’s intent to proceed with the request described in the message body. 

The Token contract will be able recover identity information from this signature and will use it to 

validate received requests. 

6.4.   IUNGO MOBILE WALLET 

The IUNGO mobile wallet is a dedicated software application which enables seamless 

connectivity to the IUNGO network.  When permitted by the consumer, it will connect to any 

IUNGO access point or public IUNGO web-service and will download the dataset of any IUNGO 

Wi-Fi sites available nearby. The downloaded dataset will be cached by the application for later 

use. The application user will be able to see all IUNGO enabled Wi-Fi sites and associated 

information on the map.  The IUNGO mobile wallet will be able to login to existing IUNGO cloud 

wallet accounts using a remote identity or create and use a locally generated identity. The cloud 

wallet account can also be used to backup/restore encrypted locally generated identities. When 

use of a local identity is preferred, the application will generate a cryptographically secure pair of 

keys and will create a self-signed X.509 standard based certificate to represent end-user client 

identity to TLS servers. 

When enabled, the wallet application will start monitoring signal levels of all available IUNGO 

access points. Wallet users will be able to define automatic connection policies with parameters 

such as the highest acceptable price per MB/per minute, lowest acceptable bandwidth, whether 

to give away your verified personal information (like name/surname, e-mail address, age, phone 

number) in exchange for internet access subsidized by access point operator or to disable 

automatic connections altogether. When in automatic connection mode the application will 



track the quality of the currently connected session and the quality of beacons received from 

other available access points. It will automatically switch over to other access points with better 

signal/noise ratio and matching connectivity policy when such an access point becomes available 

within radio reach. After associating with the preferred access point, the wallet application 

requests provisioning of internet access by negotiating service/payment terms with service 

gateway via an API reachable via the access point and by paying each time the previously paid 

amount is used-up. The mobile wallet tracks session length and the amount of information 

transferred to share service usage information with the reputation service. When in manual mode, 

the wallet will present the user with all connectivity choices available and will connect only with 

the user’s consent. 

 This application will gradually be made available on the majority of popular operating systems 

and platforms like android, iOS, Mac OS X, Microsoft Windows and GNU/Linux. 

6.5.   IUNGO CLOUD WALLET 

The IUNGO cloud wallet is a web service created and operated by IUNGO ORG. The cloud wallet 

service enables access to the IUNGO powered network when the mobile wallet application is not 

installed on the consumer’s device or mobile wallet application is not available on device’s 

platform. The cloud wallet service will be freely accessible via public internet and via any IUNGO 

access point. When accessing a service site a consumer will be given the choice to either use an 

existing wallet account or create a new one by filling in the account registration form. After 

logging in to an existing or new account, a single page JavaScript app will be loaded to present a 

graphical user interface. It enables consumers to create additional identities, top-up their Token 

accounts tied to identities, transfer Tokens between accounts and to pay for access on IUNGO 

enabled Wi-Fi sites. Users will be able to use this interface to top-up their Token account by 

purchasing tokens with their credit card and possibly other integrated payment methods. 

Additionally, a criteria based searchable map of all other IUNGO powered Wi-Fi deployment sites 

will be available in the web app. 

In case no mobile wallet has been installed on the mobile device, the consumers must explicitly 

direct their device to connect to the open IUNGO network.  When connected a captive portal 

software running on the access point will redirect all attempts to visit http sites to IUNGO’s cloud 

wallet webpage. After logging in to the secure cloud wallet, the user will be presented with 

services available on the currently used access point and respective service prices. The consumer 

will be able to choose their preferred service type (subsidized/paid per time/paid per amount of 

data transferred) and optionally set a comfortable amount to spend (which automatically limits 

time available or enforces a data transfer quota). The session duration and data amount 

transferred will be displayed during the active session. Consumers will be able to stop the service 

delivery and additional payments at any time with the push of the button. 



In the background, the web application running in the browser will establish (Cross Origin 

Resource Sharing) connections to both the Access point API and to the Cloud wallet API. It then 

will start forwarding encrypted communication messages between the Access Point and Cloud 

Wallet establishing a relayed communication channel between the two. The cloud wallet will use 

this communication channel to emulate a mobile wallet and will use the same API on access 

point to identify and authenticate the deployment site, learn services available, negotiate and pay 

for services rendered. After all parties are identified and authenticated a direct channel between 

cloud wallet service and service gateway serving access point may be established to reduce 

latency overhead of indirect communications. 

6.6.   PAYMENTS 

PAYMENT CHANNELS 

All payments in IUNGO network will be token based. IUNGO ORG will generate IUNGO tokens 

some time after the ICO event. Tokens will be backed by ERC20 compatible smart contracts on 

the public Ethereum network. To facilitate faster payment cycles, an of-chain micropayment 

mechanism will be utilized. In addition to standard ERC20 functions available for invocation, the 

IUNGO Token contract will expose functions needed to set-up and synchronize one way, zero 

trust, state channel based, off-chain micropayment channels. 

  

To open a payment channel one party will freeze a selected amount of tokens for the benefit of a 

receiving party. A selected amount can also be equal to zero. This frozen amount can be increased 

on-chain by the sending party at any time. However, there will be no way to return frozen tokens 

back to the sender’s account. By monitoring events emitted by the Token contract, the receiver 

can detect payment channel creation events and track the amount of Tokens frozen. When the 

sending party decides to send an amount to the receiving party, it generates a signed offer 



confirming an un-revocable intend to part with specified amount of Tokens to the benefit of the 

receiver and sends this message off-chain to the receiver. The message contains the sender’s 

address, the receiver’s address, the per sender-receiver pair tracked serial number of the offer, the 

amount sent, a hash of previous attributes, the sender’s digital signature over hash and an 

opaque, unsigned bytestring to carry the reason for payment. By reusing a serial number, the 

sender can increase the amount sent and update the reason for sending until actively requested 

by the receiver to use new serial number for further payments. To settle the state on-chain the 

receiver must sign the best offer received from the sender and invoke the Token contract with the 

countersigned offer as an argument.  

When invoked to settle the offer the Token contract will check if the settlement should be 

processed. First, both signatures are checked for validity and the signers match sender and 

receiver. Then the offer serial number is checked to determine if it is greater than the last offer 

processed by the contract to reject repeated attempts to settle the same offer. Subsequently,  the 

frozen plus balance amount of the sender’s account is checked to verify it is greater than amount 

offered. If all checks are passed, the  serial number of the offer is saved in the state memory of the 

Token contract, the commission for IUNGO ORG is calculated, the amount promised is deducted 

from sender’s account and the amount minus commission is deposited to receiver’s account. The 

commission amount is deposited to the benefit of IUNGO ORG. It should be noted that an offer 

and all signatures are passed as input to settlement function so that the contract can be invoked 

by any 3rd party willing to pay for the gas used and still produce expected results. Service 

gateways will act as an intermediary between wallets and the blockchain and will cover 

transaction gas costs. 

The zero risk guarantee does not come without some responsibilities on the receiving side. The 

receiver should always track the amounts frozen and offered by the sender and refuse to accept 

payment offers not covered by the frozen amount if it expects zero risk of not being payed. The 

zero risk payment scheme allows the sender to trade the costs of updating the frozen amount (by 

invoking the contract) on-chain more often for less risk of leaving unused tokens frozen. It also 

helps to reduce the contract invocation gas costs covered by the receiver by being more time 

tolerant. The receiver can trade a lower gas price for a longer wait time that the transaction will 

spend in pending transaction pool without increasing the risk of not being paid. 

The same payment mechanism can be reused for payment channels based on trust. In a trust 

based payment channel case the sender does not freeze any tokens. The sender sends signed 

payment offers in the same way it would be done in the zero trust scheme. It is up to the receiver 

to track the amount left in the sender’s account and select the best time to settle on-chain. In this 

use case, the receiver is never guaranteed that the sent amount will be available for settlement. 



PAYMENT CHANNEL NETWORK 

We anticipate that a limited number of parties will be willing to operate service gateway serving a 

more significant number of deployment sites used by a substantial amount of consumers. The 

chances of the same consumer consuming services provided by the same provider are too slim to 

require a direct payment channel between the consumer and the service provider. To reduce the 

total number of payment channels it takes to pay for the services, it makes sense for consumers to 

open zero risk payment channels only to the benefit of service gateways.  Service gateways will 

create a zero risk payment channel mesh between themselves to facilitate expedited payments 

for their users. Service gateways will open trust based payment channels to process these 

payments to service providers. 

  

Two payment scenarios become possible: direct and transitive. In the direct payment scenario a 

single gateway has a payment channel to both the consumer’s account and the service provider’s 

account open. In case a direct payment is possible it is up to service gateway to decide how the 

reward will be divided between the service gateway and service provider.   In the transitive 

payment scenario, a serving gateway only has a channel to the service provider and payments 

from the consumer’s account can only be organized with some assistance from the service 

gateway who has a payment channel with the consumer. The implementation of transitive 

payments will be based on hashed time lock concept. In case of a transitive payment scenario, a 



service gateway on the consumer’s end can keep a protocol fixed 0.5% commission for assisting 

payments to come through.  

6.7.   SERVICES 

The IUNGO network’s functionality relies on several services. When connected to any of the IUNGO 

network’s access points, the customer’s mobile device can interact with some of these services 

even when internet access is administratively prohibited. The freely available services include site 

location discovery and mobile wallet. 

Site registry service. All access points/site controllers will be paired with SGW’s. When an access 

point or site controller is paired with a service gateway the ( geographical WGS84 and street 

address based) location information of the deployment site and a list of all BSSIDs of each access 

point in the deployment site is provided by the service provider. Additionally, all available services 

and service pricing information is recorded after the pairing procedure is complete. The service 

provider will be allowed to change service list and pricing information no more often than once in 

24 hours. Each service gateway will collect and share site registration data with other service 

gateways. Every service gateway will collect site registration data from all other service gateways 

to render a complete list of all deployment sites available around the world. This data will be 

made available to consumers via site locator service. 

Reputation registry. Access points will record user session details like start/end timestamps of 

each session, the amount of data transferred and will report it to service gateways. The mobile 

wallet service will also gather same session details and will send it to service gateways for 

comparison. Service gateways will collect and relay session data collected from deployment sites 

and mobile wallet users to the IUNGO reputation registry. The reputation registry will run 

mediation process and will use complete event detection on gathered information to detect and 

filter out possible reputation fraud. It then will calculate a reputation score (including reputation 

score error range) for each site. The reputation score for each site will be made available to service 

gateways. 

The Site locator service provides access to the site registry database. It will share detailed 

information of nearby sites with IUNGO consumers using the mobile wallet or visiting the IUNGO 

public internet site. Site information includes physical geo location, street address, services 

available (subsidized, paid per time, paid per MB) and their respective prices, IUNGO reputation 

score value with error range and a site description supplied by the service provider.  

Certificate authority. IUNGO ORG will manage Public Key Infrastructure used to secure access to 

the network. IUNGO ORG operated Network CA will act as a trust anchor to wallets and mobile 

device Wi-Fi WPA supplicants to ensure consumer’s device is connecting to a legitimate access 

point (participating in IUNGO network). The Network CA will sub-delegate certification rights to 

service gateways to issue certificates to access points/site controllers. The certificate lifetime will 



be limited to one month for access points/site controllers and 6 months for service gateways. 

Certificate revocation published by Network CA will describe all revoked service gateway 

certificates. 

6.8.   INFRASTRUCTURE ENTITIES 

Transport Gateway. Service providers may be limited by service agreements with their internet 

service providers to not provide service to unknown 3rd parties and also   can be held legally 

responsible for behavior of their end users. To limit exposure to legal risk, service providers may 

choose to redirect all end user internet traffic through a transport gateway operated by other 

parties and/or other countries. There are many options with different tradeoffs of what kind of 

transport protocols should be used and what legal risk types need to be avoided. We will conduct 

further research on needs and options related to  how transport gateways will be integrated into 

the IUNGO network during the MVP phase. 

Service gateways. The service gateway is actually a collection of services acting in concert with 

deployment site hardware and other service gateways to enable a unified global user experience. 

It plays a major role in the IUNGO network as a middle ground solution where most of the cost 

reduction and performance scaling benefits of a centralized service can be had without sacrificing 

diversity and service availability. Each qualified service gateway operator will have a chance to 

come up with creative approaches to user onboarding, reward sharing, Token sale and other value 

added to stay competitive. Running a service gateway comes with it’s costs: operators will need 

hardware resources to run the software, low latency high bandwidth connection to internet and 

Ether to pay gas fees for invoking Token contract on Ethereum network. Strict adherence to 

IUNGO operations rules covering allowed and disallowed operational practices will be enforced by 

IUNGO ORG in order to protect the legitimate interests of the service consumers. 

The service gateway will at least run a node of distributed site registry, reputation data collection 

agent, one to many instances of site-locator service, an intermediate certificate authority, a web 

based management site for service providers and an Ethereum node. IUNGO will provide open 

protocol descriptions for all interfaces used and a dual licensed open source reference 

implementation of all software needed to run basic functioning service gateway. A commercial 

license will be available for those seeking to create closed derivatives. 

7. CROWDSALE DETAILS 
The IUNGO crowdsale and the corresponding token creation process will be organized around 

smart contracts running on Ethereum.  

In Total 100 Million IUNGO tokens (ING) will be created. 

Participants willing to support the development of the IUNGO Project can do so by sending 

Ethereum to the designated address, or by contributing throw IUNGO platform. By doing so, they 



are purchasing IUNGO Tokens (ING) at the rate of 1000 ING per 1 ETH which will be sent to their 

wallet.  

During token sale several rounds (Tiers) will be organized with different Bonus, Discount rates and 

payment methods.  

7.1.    PRE-ICO 

During the Pre-ICO, participants have an opportunity to get 3x token Bonus. Only 1,3% of total 

tokens are distributed in this way, representing an excellent opportunity for early participants. The 

Minimum investment is 0.5 ETH while the Maximum is 50 ETH per investment.  

PRE-SALE FUNDS WILL BE UTILIZED FOR: 

• Product MVP finalization 
• Legal and Consulting 
• Advisors team 
• ICO marketing 

7.2.   ICO 

Participants willing to support the development of the IUNGO Project can do so by sending 

Ethereum currency to the designated address, or by contributing throw IUNGO platform with 

other types of payments. By doing so, they are purchasing IUNGO Tokens (ING) at the rate of 1000 

ING per 1 ETH which will be sent to their wallet.  

During token sale several rounds (Tiers) will be organized with a different Discount rates, payment 

methods. IUNGO keeps the right to have special negotiated deals and discounts for large stake 

investors. 

DETAILS: 

• The main currency during the token generation event is Ether (ETH). 
• It can be proposed to participate in other forms of payments too. 
• Token Creation will be capped (“Soft Cap”) for 8 million INGs sold. This amount is 

subject to change before the Token Creation event. 

• The Token Creation period will last till 31st of January 2018 or till all created IUNGO 
tokens will be sold. 

• If the Crowdsale campaign does not reach its minimal capital goal all funds will be 
returned automatically to the ING holders. 

• Token Creation has a Hard Cap: upon achieving this Cap, token creation will stop and 
no further contributions will be accepted. The Hard Cap is equal to 64 Million INGs. 

• Tokens that are not sold during the Crowdsale rounds will be automatically 
transferred to the further financing rounds by the smart contract, and will burn at the 

end of token sale. 



 

ROUND DETAILS:  

• Shortly after the ICO, IUNGO tokens will be available on major exchanges, and will be 
used for payments for the wireless network. 

• Usage of IUNGO services increases ING token usage therefore value should increase 
with the growth and adoption of the network 

ICO PRE-SALE ICO TIER 1 ICO TIER 2 ICO TIER 3

12.07 - 12.21 12.22 - 01.12 01.13 - 01.21 01.22 - 01.31

8 million ING 16 million ING Up to 8 M Up to 8 M

(SOLD OUT) (SOLD OUT) Bonus 15% Bonus 0%

100 Million ING

64%, 64 Million ING

ING

1000 ING

8 Million ING

40 million ING  
(reduced from 64 million)

12%, 12 M (vested up to 18 months)

12%, 12 M 

12%, 12 M

7th Of December, 2017

31st of January, 2018  

TOTAL

TOKENS FOR SALE 

TOKEN SYMBOL

ING TOKENS GENERATED PER ETH

SOFT CAP

HARD CAP

PERCENTAGE OF TOKENS FOR IUNGO FOUNDERS

IUNGO SERVICE GATEWAY FUND  
(FOR INITIAL OPERATIONS) 

PERCENTAGE OF TOKENS GENERATED TO BOUNTY 
CAMPAIGN, TEAM, ADVISORS AND PARTNERS

DATE OF CROWDSALE START 

DATE OF CROWDSALE END



• For example if Ethereum is worth 450 USD, ING will be worth 0.45 USD/IUNGO (rate 
with Ethereum fixed at the 1000 INGs per ETH) 

• For example if Ethereum is worth 900 USD, ING will be worth 0.9 USD/IUNGO (rate 
with Ethereum fixed at the 1000 INGs per ETH) 

7.3.   BUDGET ALLOCATION 

Exact budgets will be allocated after the funding round. 

  

• HR - up to 10% Operations worldwide 
• LEGAL - up to 10% 
• ENGINEERING - 30 - 40% R&D 
• MARKETING - 30 - 40% Product global awareness, B2B promotion 
• OTHER - 10% 

30-40% 
Engineering

< 10% 
Legal

< 10% 
HR

10% 
Other

30-40% 
Marketing



7.4.   VESTING 

Ensuring commitment. All tokens distributed to the team, bounty and advisors are subject to 

vesting. Vesting model ensures more value and security for the token contributors. Vesting 

provides more loyalty from the core team towards the project and ensures that ING is not subject 

to market manipulation and provides stable market development for the ING token. Eventually 

vesting is a way for the IUNGO team to show the commitment and loyalty for the IUNGO project. 

IUNGO introduces the following Vesting model: 

ING tokens for co-founders will be locked once Token Sale distribution will end. 

1. 1/3 of ING is locked for 6 months from Token Sale distribution 

2. 1/3 of ING is locked for 12 months from Token Sale distribution 

3. 1/3 of ING is locked for 18 months from Token Sale distribution 

The vesting model is active for 18 months in total and shall be activated with a smart contract 

once the token sale is complete. 

8. NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER 
This Whitepaper is important and should be read in its entirety. To the best knowledge of the 

authors, this Whitepaper contains information that is provided only in compliance with the 

requirements of applicable laws, rules and regulations. 

All product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective 

holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them.  

The content of this document includes forward looking statements with respect to 

IUNGO.network financial and technical viability. The effects of regulation by the governments of 

countries in which it may wish to operate. Expectations regarding the operating environment and 

market conditions. Forward-looking statements are sometimes, but not always, identified by their 

use of a date in the future. Forward looking statements are predictive and involve risk and 

uncertainty. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are based 

on assumptions. 

ING Tokens issued by IUNGO do not have any rights, uses, purpose, attributes, functionalities or 

features, expressed or implied. Although ING Tokens may be tradable, they are not an investment, 

currency, security, commodity, a swap on a currency, security, or commodity or any kind of 

financial instrument. 

Provided definitions apply throughout the document, unless indicated otherwise. 



9. REFERENCES 
ScienceDirect 

Expanding mobile wireless capacity: The challenges presented by technology and economics 

IBISWorld 

Global Internet Service Providers: Market Research Report 

http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0308596113001900
https://www.ibisworld.com/industry-trends/global-industry-reports/telecommunications/internet-service-providers.html

	Executive summary
	Market opportunity
	Regionally based providers
	Small and medium-sized business needs
	Network expansion and capacity
	Business model
	Marketing and Strategy
	Competition
	FON Network
	Boingo
	Hotspot system
	Airfy
	Socify
	Technical description
	Overview
	Wi-Fi deployment sites
	Accounts & Identities
	IUNGO mobile wallet
	IUNGO cloud wallet
	Payments
	Services
	Infrastructure entities
	Crowdsale details
	Pre-ICO
	ICO
	Budget allocation
	Vesting
	Notice and disclaimer
	References

