






















 

Abstract 
Joint Ventures brings a much-needed change to the current digital content landscape. Our aim 
is to create an economy that rewards every participant of the network, including publishers, 
authors, commenters, advertisers, and moderators, while minimizing third-party commissions.  
 
Joint Ventures plans to create a community-centered content economy. We discuss the 
implementation of a transparent advertising revenue model in our ecosystem, which will allow 
publishers to monitor real-time engagements with their content as well as helping advertisers to 
get the maximum value out of their advertising budget.  
 
Our first product is projected as a commenting solution, envisioned for the benefits of both 
publishers and commenters. It is designed to increase user interaction with publishers and will 
be available on websites along with mobile applications. That functional and unique user 
interface will attract users and publishers, leading to increased user engagements. Joint 
commenting solution will run on websites with millions of monthly visitors, enabling a new 
token economy where publishers will be gaining Joint tokens based on the quality of the content 
and commenters will be rewarded in regard to their contribution to the ecosystem.   
 
On a typical commenting solution, on the other hand, the commenters are not rewarded fairly 
for their contributions. Regarding money stream, the money flows from advertisers to 
publishers, but not before the commenting system takes its own cut. Blockchain allows Joint to 
easily calculate the value of individual contributions and distribute the rewards fairly and 
transparently. 
 
This will be followed with our other in-line product, Ad Exchange, to bring advertisers in to the 
system. Content Discovery on the other hand, will enable publishers to acquire new visitors 
from other Joint publishers, and Affiliate Platform, which will make it possible for publishers to 
earn more revenue with referrals. All of these products will run on Joint token which is an 
erc-20 based token that will be tradeable on multiple cryptocurrency exchanges. 
 
Joint Ventures offers additional tools to publishers to create, reward, and grow their 
community. Publishers will receive the major share of the advertising revenue. For advertisers, 
our platform offers a competitive pricing strategy and an option to advertise at specific ad 
placements for different time slots. Joint splits publishers’ rewards with commenters, 
depending on the commenters’ level of interaction and value addition to the network. 
 
Joint Ventures addresses the major fraud and middlemen commissions concerns of the 
advertising industry by using blockchain technology. Blockchain technology promotes 
transparency and creates a secure network for engagement. All the information about the 
content economy will be accessible through blockchain explorers. 



 

Table of Contents 
 
1.0 Introduction 
1.1 Industry Overview 
1.2 Future of Content Economy 
1.3 Primary Challenges  
1.4 Joint Content Economy 
1.5 Vision and Mission 
 
2.0 Joint Platform 
2.1 Value Proposition 
2.2 Team Members 
2.3 Advisors 
2.4 Market Comparison 
 
3.0 Technical Overview 
3.1 Joint Coin and Blockchain 
3.2 In Terms of Decentralisation 
3.3 Token Usage 
3.4 Token Launch 
3.5 Token Distribution 
 
4.0 Fund Allocation 
4.1 Joint Roadmap 
4.2 Future Forecast 
 
FAQ 
Disclaimer 
Bibliography 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

1.0 Introduction 
The Internet is growing exponentially: with every passing day, users generate up to ​2.5 
quintillion​ bytes of data. In simple terms, as much as 90% of all online content has been 
generated in the past two years. With rapidly growing Internet adoption and affordable smart 
devices, content creation will only continue to grow in the coming years.  
 
However, the current content landscape is primarily dominated by a few major players, with 
little to no transparency for the end-user. These middlemen make money from both publishers 
and advertisers. According to data shared by ​Google​, the company shares with publishers up to 
68% of the revenue generated by ads displayed alongside content  that uses Google’s Adsense 
service. This percentage drops down to 51% for the revenue-sharing structure used in Adsense 
Search. Facebook has even less transparency than Google: Facebook’s Audience Network does 
not provide revenue-sharing figures with publishers or the public in general. A close inspection 
of all the major ad display networks makes it evident that these networks take a considerable 
share of publisher earnings.  
 
Joint is here to end the monopoly of the middlemen within the content monetization industry. 
The content economy created by Joint splits revenue with every participant who adds value to 
the network. Its operating principles are similar to that of Google and Facebook, in the sense 
that it allows ads to be displayed on a publisher’s website, but Joint differs from the rest by 
sharing maximum revenue with publishers as well as commenters. Unlike other platforms, Joint 
is not just a platform that generates revenue, but also protects users’ personal data from being 
collected by advertisers, through cookies or similar techniques.  
 
Joint will use blockchain technology to maintain transparency within its ecosystem. 
Additionally Joint will handle all operations and ensure a high ad-fill rate for its network 
websites. The differentiating feature of Joint is that it will take less than 1% of the entire 
advertising revenue for its operations, distributing the rest to our publishers and our network.  
 
Our goal is to create a content economy that serves the network first. 

1.1 Industry Overview 
The past couple of years have witnessed an unprecedented growth in the content industry. A 
growing user base and internet connectivity have contributed to the creation of hundreds of 
thousands of content pieces every single day. In order to understand the size of the current 
content industry, here are a few ​facts​: 
 

● Publishers upload more than 4 million hours of content to YouTube every day.  
● Users watch 5.97 billion hours of videos daily on YouTube. 
● More than 67.3 million posts are added to the Instagram platform on a daily basis.  
● Users post more than 4.3 billion messages on Facebook every day.  

https://www-01.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi-bin/ssialias?htmlfid=WRL12345USEN
https://www-01.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi-bin/ssialias?htmlfid=WRL12345USEN
https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/180195?hl=en
https://blog.microfocus.com/how-much-data-is-created-on-the-internet-each-day/


 

● 22 billion texts are sent globally on any given day.  
● Facebook has a daily active user base of 1.32 billion people, as of June 2017.  

 
Internet users generate a massive 2.5 quintillion bytes of data every single day. It’s important to 
note that internet adoption rates are on the rise, with nearly 46% of the global population 
having internet access, a statistic that will only increase in the coming years.  
 
While the exponential adoption of the internet and the vast amount of data created every single 
day is overwhelming, it’s even more surprising that a major share of the entire content 
landscape is under the control of only a few companies. According to the available ad revenue 
data​: 
 

● Google has a 41% share in the global digital ad market. 
● Facebook comes second, with a digital ad market share of 16.6%. 
● Microsoft, Yahoo, and Twitter are other players, each having, respectively, 3.8%, 3.1%, 

and 1.9% of market share.  
 
Google and Facebook together capture $0.60 of every single dollar spent on digital advertising 
today. What’s even more surprising is that Facebook is growing its ad share at an exponential 
rate, with its ad revenue growing over 45% in the third quarter of 2016 in comparison to the 
previous years’ same quarter. The two of these digital giants have put traditional media houses 
to shame in terms of their online ad revenue.  
 
For a world that relies heavily on the internet, the dominance of Google and Facebook isn’t 
exactly good news. The internet, as an advertising option, has witnessed massive growth in the 
past couple of years, and it has taken a very short time to overtake television as the favored ad 
display channel. According to a report released by Magna, the research unit of IPG Media 
brands, digital ad spending in 2017 generated an ad revenue of $204 billion against $178 billion 
generated by the television industry globally. Considering the growing size of the online 
advertisement market, firms such as Google and Facebook will only gain further digital 
prowess in the future. 

1.2 Future of Content Economy 
Considering the current scale of content creation, the overall content economy is only in its 
nascent stage. We’ll witness a growth in every single aspect of the content industry over the 
next couple of years, especially with the growth of the Internet of Things (IoT). It is expected 
that by the year ​2025​, more than 80 billion devices will connect to the Internet, producing 
massive chunks of data, up to 180 zettabytes.   
 
The amount of content generated online will grow exponentially. A few interesting facts 
associated with online content generation: 
 

http://www.visualcapitalist.com/dominance-google-and-facebook-one-chart/
https://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelkanellos/2016/03/03/152000-smart-devices-every-minute-in-2025-idc-outlines-the-future-of-smart-things/#413252824b63


 

● Facebook users post up to 3.3 million ​content pieces​ (posts) every minute.  
● Yelp users post up to 26,380 reviews every single minute.  
● Over 5 million ​blog posts​ are published online every single day, as of January 2018.  

 
We can only expect these numbers to grow in the future. Considering the huge amount of 
content published every day, current online advertising revenue structures will witness a 
gradual change in the coming years.  
 
The online advertising industry will grow in proportion to the online content market. In 2018 
itself, online and mobile advertising revenues are expected to grow up to 13% to reach $237 
billion, with mobile being the primary driver of this growth. In terms of the digital ad market 
share, Google and Facebook (together, often referred to as a “duopoly”) will continue to 
dominate the global digital media landscape.  
 

● Google will control up to 80%, or $36.6 billion in revenue, of the total search ad business 
in 2019, according to eMarketer. 

● Facebook will control up to 43.7%, or $23.9 billion in revenue, of the display market 
business in 2019.  

 
In the future, we can expect more revenue sharing services to show up globally. The transition 
has already started, with major players such as Amazon.com Inc.’s ​Twitch​ following a revenue 
sharing approach. Facebook has its Audience Network, and Google has been sharing ad 
revenue with YouTube publishers for a long time. With these programs opening up for more 
members in the coming years, the important question will be their choice of revenue sharing 
model: What percentage of their ad revenues will these companies share? Inevitably, a content 
economy that incentivizes users will become the norm.  

1.3 Primary Challenges 
A growing monopoly of the major advertising platforms has created unique challenges for 
content curators (publishers). At the top is the current ad revenue division between advertising 
platforms and publishers. Publishers have to share up to 50% of their advertising revenue with 
advertising platforms, such as Facebook and Google. Some individual ​studies​ have shown that 
the publisher’s share could even plummet to 40% in some cases.  
 
Another major challenge faced by content publishers is the low CPM (cost per thousand 
impressions) or CPC (cost per click) rate offered by advertising platforms. Out of a group of five 
publishers​, one reported that the average CPM for Facebook video ads stood at $0.15. Another 
publisher reported CPM of $0.75 for mid-roll ads, which are displayed 20 seconds after the 
video starts playing. Similar earning reports are reported by huge groups of publishers, with 
one of them making only $500 out of 20 million video views. 
 

https://www.smartinsights.com/internet-marketing-statistics/happens-online-60-seconds/
http://www.worldometers.info/blogs/
https://www.wsj.com/articles/twitch-entices-video-creators-with-more-revenue-sharing-1492791567
http://www.ryangovindan.com/2015/10/04/programmatic-out-of-site-is-money-out-of-you-pocket/
https://digiday.com/media/facebooks-ad-breaks-are-not-bringing-in-a-lot-of-money-for-publishers/


 

A lower revenue isn’t the only challenge in front of publishers. Some publishers have reported 
irrelevant ads being played in between their videos, leading to a poor viewer experience. 
Publishers have approached ad platforms with proposals to allow them to sell ad slots, but 
these platforms are hesitant to give away their monetization control.  
 
Adding to the list of problems is the poor quality insights offered by some major advertising 
platforms. While most of these platforms allow publishers to track their daily, weekly, or 
monthly earnings, they do not provide details about the percentage of views or impressions that 
were considered eligible for payment. Some market experts even consider the lack of insights to 
be part of the shady revenue practices followed by advertising platforms.  
 
A growth in the adoption rate of ad blockers is another pressing concern among small 
publishers. Ad blockers could lead to a ​decline​ of up to 16% of overall traffic received by small 
publishers. It’s important to ​note​ that around 26% of internet users have ad blockers installed 
on their systems, whereas only 10% of mobile viewers use ad blockers at the moment. These 
figures are likely to increase in the coming years, creating more problems for medium or 
small-scale publishers in the process.  

1.4 Joint Content Economy 
Joint is a content economy that goes beyond the current revenue structure of the online 
publisher. We aim to create an ecosystem where every single contribution is valued, whether it 
is the content created by publishers or active participation from commenters. At the same time, 
we offer new revenue streams for publishers and their communities.  
 
Blockchain technology has seen a massive adoption in the past couple of years, and it only 
makes sense to create a system in line with the latest technology. Joint content economy is 
leveraging the power of blockchain technology to create a transparent and secure ecosystem.  
 
We understand that commenters play a crucial role with online publishers by actively 
participating in the discussion and spreading content on the internet. Until now, very few 
platforms reward them for their contribution, which seems unfair. Joint is ready to fill this gap 
with its commenting solution that rewards network participants for their valuable 
contributions. We have created an algorithm that calculates a commenter’s contribution using 
multiple factors and then splits the rewards between publishers and commenters accordingly.  
 
The next addition to our content economy will be a platform that puts both publishers and 
advertisers on the same page. It will allow publishers to monetize their online content inside the 
commenting areas. For advertisers, our platform will allow them to choose their placements and 
time periods for which the ad is to be shown.  
 
We’ll add an Ad Exchange feature to our content ecosystem, facilitating simple advertising 
management. The Ad Exchange will show a list of available ad locations, depending on the 

https://pagefair.com/blog/2017/traffic-whitepaper/
https://www.iab.com/insights/ad-blocking-blocks-ads-win-back/


 

keywords and audience segments. The advertisers will have an option to book specific 
placements for different time slots, ranging from a single day to a week or even longer. Joint 
platform will use a dynamic pricing structure for these ad locations, taking into account 
historical pricing data. Unlike other advertising platforms, advertisers will only pay for 
advertisements that are viewed by visitors. All the transactions carried out on our platform will 
require Joint tokens, which will be available during our crowdsale.  
 
Joint will offer better control to network publishers. We’ll introduce a publisher pool, which will 
act as an escrow containing Joint tokens. Publishers will receive payouts at the end of every 
campaign. The calculation of payouts will be available on the public blockchain, allowing 
publishers to see all payouts in the network.  
 
Our goal is to evolve with the changing trends of the content industry so we’ll keep adding 
features that benefit our content economy and its participants.  

1.5 Vision and Mission of Joint 
We understand that platform users are the ones who create the content that populates social 
media and individual websites, and any single company shouldn’t control their earning 
potential just because they control the advertising infrastructure. At the same time, we 
understand the value added to the network by participants and commenters, simply by 
commenting on or sharing the content.  
 
Joint aims to create a fair advertising platform that puts the entire community at its center and 
benefits every participant in the network. In our content economy, the publisher takes away the 
major portion of overall revenue, with the rest being split among other participants. In addition 
to the advertising revenue, we plan to introduce features that will allow publishers to monetize 
their visitor data in future. Joint will provide self-service tools, allowing publishers to monetize 
their content and understand viewer engagement better.  
 
Our goal is to create a content ecosystem that values every participant of the network and aims 
to reward them for their contributions.  
 

2.0 Joint Platform 
Joint is built around the principle that anyone adding a meaningful contribution to the network 
should be rewarded. We hold community at the center of our entire ecosystem. Our structure 
promotes a fair reward-sharing environment within its content economy. Unlike the traditional 
advertising platforms, we have realigned the economic incentives associated with content 
publishing and curation.  
 
There are three primary components of the Joint platform: 
 



 

1. Commenting System 
2. Reward System 
3. Ad Exchange 

Commenting System 

Our Commenting System is one of the first in our line of products. It is designed to promote 
user engagement while offering extensive moderation control to publishers. Publishers can 
install our commenting system by simply adding a Javascript. For mobile applications, we will 
release the SDK, allowing seamless integration with mobile applications.  
 
The Joint Commenting System comes with extensive features. We have included cross-site 
notifications and multiple sign-in options in our Commenting System, offering a refined user 
experience. Publishers can understand their audience’s engagement better with our detailed 
analytics and reporting dashboard. We’ll add a monetization system in short order to our 
platform, helping publishers grow their income.  
 
Commenters will be able to use our mobile app to hold conversations. In addition to the app, 
they will be able to leave comments on any online content piece throughout the web, even if the 
websites are not a part of the Joint ecosystem. 

Reward System 

Our Reward System is how Joint separates itself from other commenting solutions. We have 
created a system that rewards publishers for adding valuable content to the network, and at the 
same time, it rewards commenters for active participation. The rewards are distributed among 
publishers and commenters. In order to ensure a fair reward distribution among publishers and 
commenters, we have introduced the concept of commenter and publisher profile scores.  
 
The profile score is based on multiple parameters including active comment count, approved 
comment count, rejected comment count, received reply count, upvote count, and ban count. 
Every comment carries a value based on different factors such as read count, upvote count, and 
reply count. The Joint Reward System focuses on the quality of contribution and uniqueness of 
user activity, which helps it prevent fraudulent activities and block any get-rich-quick schemes. 
Joint is responsible for the calculation and distribution of these rewards.  
 
All of these calculations will be available publicly in our blockchain explorer.  

Ad Exchange 

Ad Exchange is part of the Joint content economy. It brings advertisers and publishers on a 
single platform, with advertisers getting an option to display relevant ads on our publisher 
network. We’ll launch Ad Exchange within 9 months of the beta launch of our platform.  



 

 
Ad Exchange will work similarly to the other advertising platforms in terms of the allocation of 
ad placements through bidding. Advertisers will bid for placements targeting specific 
niches/keywords/demographics. Auctions will be automated, choosing the highest bid for a 
particular placement. Ad Exchange will maintain historical price data for placements to provide 
competitive pricing for advertisers. Furthermore, in order to maximize publisher earnings and 
offer a reliable advertising income, ad placements will be sold for specific time periods instead 
of using pay per click or pay per view matrices. Advertisers will have an option to reserve a 
placement for a specific time slot in the future.  
 
The advertisers will require Joint tokens to advertise on our network. They can purchase Joint 
tokens with fiat money with an acceptable exchange rate. Purchased Joint tokens will not be 
transferable to cryptocurrency exchanges, which means that advertisers will not be able to 
manipulate Joint’s token price on exchanges.  
 
Our Ad Exchange will prohibit the collection of user’s personal data such as email, phone 
number, age, or device IDs. We are adtech veterans, and we know how to protect user data. 

2.1 Value Proposition 
Joint aims to create a content ecosystem that serves every participant fairly. In line with our aim, 
we have created a content economy that rewards publishers for creating valuable information. 
At the same time, we realize the value of active participation from community members and 
split rewards in proportion to their value addition.  

Publishers 

● Reward for content creation:​ Joint works on a fair reward system, which means that 
publishers are rewarded for adding content to the network. 

● Reliable source of income: ​Our Ad Exchange system offers ad placement for specific 
periods such as one day, one week, or even longer. Advertisers bid for different ad 
placements for specific time slots instead of providing a CPC or CPM rate, thereby 
providing publishers with a reliable source of income. Furthermore, we understand the 
value of creating an excellent user experience, which is why we will show only native 
ads on a publisher’s website. 

● Advanced engagement tracking: ​Unlike existing advertising platforms, we offer 
in-depth details of user engagement. It will allow publishers to track user behavior such 
as their preferred content type, engagement on different types of post, and similar 
matrices. Publishers can then create content that will generate more rewards. 

● Maximum revenue sharing: ​Ad Exchange takes away only 1% of the publisher’s 
revenue, allowing them to receive maximum rewards for their work. This fee is used to 
cover adserver costs and to pay for third-party fraud tracking solutions.  



 

Commenters 

A community is active only when commenters participate in discussions or comment on 
articles/videos. It’s only fair to reward them for their contribution, and that’s exactly what we 
have done. Commenters will be rewarded for their contribution, with their rewards being 
calculated at the end of every payout period. We have created a profile score algorithm for 
commenters, which will evaluate their contributions. While the publishers will have the 
authority to moderate comments, we’ll handle the reward payouts, ensuring that commenters 
receive their fair share of rewards. 

Advertisers 

● Pay for qualified views only: ​Advertisement fraud is a major concern for advertisers. In 
2016 alone, ​bot fraud​ was believed to reach $7.2 billion globally. We have taken that 
under consideration, and our Ad Exchange platform will ensure that advertisers will 
pay only for qualified views. For example, if an ad placement is located at the bottom of 
the page, it will count as a qualified impression only when the user scrolls down to the 
bottom. Advertisers will receive a higher return on investment (ROI) for every dollar 
spent on marketing.  

● Dedicated ad placements: ​Advertising in the right niche is the key to marketing success, 
and as adtech experts, we understand that very well. With Ad Exchange, advertisers will 
have an opportunity to bid on their favored ad placements for an extended period of 
time.  

● Across the network visibility: ​In order to provide maximum visibility, Joint will display 
advertisements throughout its network, allowing advertisers to market their 
products/service websites to a wider audience base.  

2.2 Team Members 
The team behind Joint has a long history of working in the adtech industry. Their experience in 
the online advertising  industry has allowed them to understand the primary challenges faced 
by both publishers as well as advertisers. Joint’s team has an impressive list of past clients, with 
brands like Coca Cola, Mercedes, Fiat, Vodafone, Turkcell, Ford, GoDaddy, Unilever, P&G, 
Hyundai, Opel, ING Bank, HSBC, and Microsoft. The core team comprises 6 in-house 
developers working day and night in the same office, focusing on every single aspect of the 
Joint platform. The company behind Joint Ventures is registered to Turkey, and the office is 
located in Izmir.  
 
Ahmet ARSLAN - Founder, CEO 
Prior to Joint Ventures, Ahmet has been working in the adtech industry for the last 7 years. 
Ahmet is the founder of Turkey’s first programmatic adtech company ADNBOOST, which 
builds niche advertising solutions for leading media agencies and brands. 

http://www.ana.net/content/show/id/botfraud-2017


 

 
Latif ÇAKIROĞLU - Founder, CTO 
Latif run a software company that delivered cloud based highly-scalable SaaS softwares. Before 
that, he worked for Sberbank's European banking software projects and R&D department of a 
high-tech speech software company. He held B.Sc. in Telecommunication Engineering and MBA 
degrees, currently attending PhD programme in Business Administration.  
 
Zeki KAVRAZLI - Founder, Publisher Acquisition 
Zeki was the Director of Digital Media at BPN, leading publisher relations. He has extensive 
experience in the digital advertising industry, especially in managing relationships with 
publishers. 
 
A. Cevdet SÜER - Founder, Management 
Prior to Joint Ventures, Cevdet launched several companies in Turkey and has an extensive 
background in finance. His current company @WRK employs over 300 people in Turkey. 
Cevdet is also the first investor and shareholder of ADNBOOST. 
 
Gülseren ARSLAN - Founder, Advertiser Acquisition 
Gulseren worked in global media agencies and managed multi-million dollars of budgets for 
global brands. Prior to Joint Ventures, she founded ADNBOOST with Cevdet and Ahmet. She 
has over 14 years of experience in the digital media buying industry  
 
Umut Can YURT - Head of Growth 
Umut has led a number of finance and cryptocurrency websites with monthly visitors 
numbering in the millions. Before Joint Ventures, he worked for Doviz.com as SEO & Content 
Manager and founded Kriptokoin.in 
 
Cem YALÇINKAYA - Marketing Specialist 
Cem was the Manager of Digital Media at BPN and managed multi-million performance 
marketing budgets for leading brands in various industries.  
 
Emre CEYLAN - Lead Developer 
Emre worked as an ERP Project Consultant for 5 years. Emre has extensive business experience 
working with a variety of systems and platforms. 
 
Batuhan GÜNGÖR - Software Development Specialist 
Batuhan was lead developer of many ecommerce projects, and he worked for Accenture as 
Software Engineering Analyst. Batuhan also managed projects for a number of large insurance 
companies.  
 
Ali ÇAVDAR - Full Stack Developer 
Ali is a brilliant full-stack developer who loves exploring new technologies. 
 



 

Eyüp Can KAYADARÇIN - Software Development Specialist 
Eyup is a talented electronic engineer and is focused on developing backend applications for the 
Joint platform.  

2.3 Advisors 

Koray Gultekin Bahar 
CEO at Foriba 
Koray is the CEO and Managing Partner of Foriba, the leading e-Transformation solution 
company in Turkey. It has a broad solution portfolio, ranging from large enterprises to 
micro-sized companies. 
 

Sencan Ozen 
Founder, ReklamStore 
Sencan excels in the online marketing industry. He is an expert in online advertising, display 
advertising, and advertising networks. His first enterprise ReklamStore was found at 2006 and 
it continued to lead digital advertising since then with its innovative​ data-centric performance 
solutions for advertisers and publishers.  
 

Sami Can Tandoğdu 
Mentor 
Samican is a professional with an entrepreneurial mindset with over 8 years of professional 
experience in fundraising for financial and operational management. He has experience in deep 
tech, adtech, and SaaS. 
 
For the last 2 years he has worked with Apsiyon, a fast-growing SaaS company; today, it is the 
largest property management software company in Turkey. As the COO of Apsiyon, he directly 
reported to the CEO, leading CRM, business development, operations and account management 
functions as well as supervising sales, finance, and HR departments. He helped Apsiyon raise 
$2.5M from Earlybird in September 2016. 
 

Alper Mat 
Brainstormer 
Alper is a professional with 12+ years of entrepreneurship, management and consulting 
experience globally. He has direct entrepreneurial experience in gaming (social and mobile) and 
e-commerce. 
 
He is the co-founder at Vivense, the largest hard furniture e-commerce player in Turkey. More 
to that, for the last one and a half years, he has been consulting Italian Government’s Ministry of 



 

Economic Development for attracting investment from Turkey (mostly industrial investments), 
coordinating an investment pipeline close to EUR 1B from Turkey to Italy. 

2.4 Market Comparison 
We have a firm belief that our content ecosystem will gain mass adoption in the coming years.  
 
Disqus is one of our primary competitors in the commenting solution segment. It has gained 
vast popularity over the past couple of years, reporting over 50 million monthly comments as of 
January 2018. Disqus allows monetization of content through native ads for publishers. It works 
on 260,000 different sites according to Datanyze, with a current market share of 35.56%, behind 
Facebook Comments (61.47%) only.   
 
Joint is built to promote simplicity and transparency in its operating structure. We provide 
every single detail related to the revenue generation on our blockchain, which isn’t the case 
with Disqus. Publishers can generate consistent income with our advertising component, and at 
the same time, monitor payout distributions on the blockchain. Similarly, advertisers can access 
detailed reports of their advertising spending, with information drilled down to a single ad 
placement level.  
 
On top of it, our model rewards commenters for their valuable contributions, something unique 
to Joint only. It not only rewards the commenters for participation but makes it easier for 
publishers to build a community. Commenters can get access to exclusive content by spending 
Joint tokens earned on the network.  
 
Our experience in the adtech industry has allowed Joint to address all the problems faced by 
every active participant of a content ecosystem.  
 

3.0 Technical Overview 
One of the primary challenges faced by the advertising industry is ad fraud. According to some 
estimates​, ad fraud is likely to reach $50 billion by 2025, even on a conservative basis, and 
without competent countermeasures, it may even reach $150 billion in the same period. The 
current online advertising industry is shifting towards ​programmatic​ advertising, and it is 
expected that by 2019, 83.6% of US display ad dollars will transact programmatically. However, 
it is important to note that programmatic advertising is susceptible to fraud, and YouTube’s ad 
controversy​ is a clear example of that.  
 
A ​report​ conducted on behalf of the ANA points out that the US media ad buying ecosystem is 
full of non-transparent business practices such as providing cash rebates to media agencies. The 
advertisers have little to no control over their advertising campaigns, which in turn, affects their 
ability to advertise their services to the target audience. 
 

https://www.wfanet.org/app/uploads/2017/04/WFA_Compendium_Of_Ad_Fraud_Knowledge.pdf
https://www.emarketer.com/Article/eMarketer-Releases-New-US-Programmatic-Ad-Spending-Figures/1016698
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/25/google-youtube-advertising-extremist-content-att-verizon
http://www.ana.net/content/show/id/industry-initiative-recommendations-k2


 

Having a team of adtech professionals has helped Joint understand these technological gaps, 
and our platform comes with countermeasures. We have created a transparent monitoring 
system, which allows every network participant to monitor everything happening on our 
platform.  

Use of Blockchain Technology to Improve Transparency 

Advertisers 
On Joint’s platform, advertisers will have complete control of their advertising spending, 
starting with choosing ad placements and monitoring the publishers where their 
advertisements are served. Joint will introduce a blockchain explorer for advertisers, which will 
allow them to see their ad placements, visit statistics for publishers, and even see the ad 
spending on any given placement. Furthermore, with Joint’s blockchain explorer for publishers, 
advertisers will be able to see publisher payouts and other relevant data.  

Publishers 
We’ll launch a blockchain explorer for publishers, giving them access to their revenue payout 
details and other channel reports. Joint will provide a detailed engagement analysis report, 
allowing publishers to understand visitor engagement better. In addition to the total number of 
views on their content, publishers will have access to commenters’ activity, including upvotes, 
total comments, rejected comments, and approved comments. With detailed engagement info, 
publishers can improve their community interaction and start publishing content as per their 
community’s preference.  

Commenters 
Joint will introduce a blockchain explorer for commenters as well. Commenters will be able to 
view their reward payouts, besides how the rewards are shared with publishers. Some other 
details available on the explorer will include total comments made, rejected or approved 
comments, and any upvotes or mentions from other community members.  
 
All three of the network participants (advertisers, commenters, and publishers) will have access 
to each other’s data, allowing them to keep track of the entire network.  

3.1 Joint Token and Blockchain Platform 
Joint token is based on ERC20 protocol, the Ethereum platform. Ethereum is an open source, 
blockchain-based, distributed computing platform, using smart contracts to process different 
tasks.  
 



 

The Ethereum platform has gained popularity over the past couple of years because of its 
support for smart contracts, ability to create decentralized autonomous organizations, and even 
create other crypto assets using the platform. Some of the most popular cryptocurrencies built 
on Ethereum are Golem, Gnosis, and BAT (Basic Asset Token). 
 
Here are but a few of the primary features of Ethereum that have propelled its adoption: 
 

● Smart Contracts: Smart contracts are computer programs that govern the transfer of 
cryptocurrencies between two or more parties on the successful fulfilment of one or 
more conditions. Ethereum allows programmers to run their custom smart contracts, 
and it’s one of the primary reasons behind the rise of Ethereum as a platform for crypto 
assets. 

● Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM): EVM, again, is a software that allows developers to 
run a program on the Ethereum platform irrespective of the choice of coding language. 
It makes Ethereum highly flexible, saving the trouble of learning or implementing a 
single language. 

● Zero Downtime & Protection from DDoS Attacks: The decentralised nature of Ethereum 
guarantees zero downtime, which is crucial for a consistent user experience. Ethereum 
runs on a network of nodes (miners), which ensures round-the-clock access to network 
services. Furthermore, the decentralised nature of Ethereum keeps it protected from 
dedicated denial of service attacks (DDoS). 

 

Joint’s Hybrid Blockchain Structure 
Joint is using the Ethereum platform for its ability to execute smart contracts. We’ll use smart 
contracts to distribute rewards between publishers and commenters. In order to boost 
Ethereum’s security further, we’ll use oracles to execute smart contracts. Oracles allow 
blockchains to access data outside their ecosystem, giving them the flexibility lacking in their 
default structure.  
 

3.2 In Terms of Decentralisation  
 
Joint token and its transfers will be recorded and processed on the Ethereum mainnet. 
Nevertheless, due to the centralised nature of the the existing internet servers, our commenting 
solution will be partly running on centralised servers. To be specific, the comment widget that 
will be provided for publishers will be cached by services for scalability. That is a front-end 
project which communicates with comments storage by cloud services and API’s. This solution 
will be getting and sending data and can be regarded as a medium for data exchange services 
and end-users.  
 
Our publisher web app, not to mention, will also be a centralised web-app which can only run 
on web-servers. This will only be used by publishers to manage their user authorizations, 



 

widget preferences, community and comment moderating purposes. Actions taken from these 
related screens will affect the data storage. 
 
Regarding the user wallet and rewarding system; user wallet addresses will be presented from 
mainnet addresses, user's public account address and could be explored by any block-explorer 
type application, like etherscan for instance. Rewarding system, on the other hand, is 
respectively centralised in terms of calculation, yet decentralised when reward distribution is 
the main concern. Meaning all the transaction can be monitored with the help of block 
explorers, by pool transactions of token contract and if there will be a pool account, who get 
how much amount and when. 
 
ICO and Token contracts are also will be available to public on both operating mainnet and 
Github. 
 
Concerning the storage of the comments data into private nodes, our process is a little different 
from similar comment or content projects. We provide a system to publishers for their usage 
and our backbone will be used not only by publishers but their users as well. Adding a 
publisher means thousands and hopefully millions of concurrent users that emit data for every 
page load (by asking page's comments), writing comments, giving upvotes and replies etc. 
Everyday those publishers will create new contents, get new user's attentions in addition to 
current ones, finally sum of whole publishers the views, comments, upvotes, replies will hit our 
infrastructure.  
 
Handling these asymmetric data flow from different locations, diverse range of view and 
writing habits will give us many technical problems to solve within the infrastructure. Due to 
the need for high input and output dataflow performance, this part heavily depends on 
distributed content delivery networks and temporary memory pools for inserts that runs on 
cloud services. Due to high transaction fees and limited transaction size, data can also be 
written into private nodes. As a first phase of our product, we will write data directly into the 
database. Afterwards, intermediate services will write data into temporary memory cloud 
service for high input, then emit it by a new service and write into database in time. 

3.3 Token Usage 
Joint token is the operating currency of our platform. Every transaction in our content economy 
requires Joint token. For advertisers, they require Joint token to run their advertisements and to 
participate in placement bidding. Publishers, on the other hand, receive payouts in the form of 
Joint tokens. We have plans to list our token on a couple of token exchanges, allowing 
publishers to exchange Joint tokens for other cryptocurrencies. In addition, we’ll integrate 
third-party token exchange service in our platform for instant swap. 



 

Use Cases of Joint Tokens 

● Launch advertising campaigns across Joint network publishers 
● Boost your comments to get more visibility 
● Send tips and donations to publishers and authors 
● Acquire new visitors for your contents 
● Unlock paid subscriptions to exclusive contents 

 
 
In order to avoid currency speculation, we have set a limit on the number of tokens that 
commenters must have before initiating transfer/exchange by requests, currently set at a 
minimum of 100 tokens. However, commenters will be free to use these tokens within our 
content economy even without reaching the minimum threshold limit. 

 
3.4 Token Launch/Sale 
We’ll organize a token sale in order to raise funds for creating a fair content economy. Joint will 
issue token after the completion of its launch sale. Token buyers will be able to transfer ETH to 
Joint’s wallet. A detailed list of token sale instructions will be provided prior to the token 
launch. 
 

● Hard Cap for Token Sale: ​12,500 ETH 
● Token Wallet Address: ​TBD  
● Launch Date & Time​: April 7, 2018 
● Token Sale Period:​ 30 Days 
● Token Launch Completion​: Token launch will end when the maximum number of ETH 

are raised.  
 
 
Joint will be seeking to raise a maximum of 12,500 ETH in its token sale and has received a legal 
analysis that concludes that it should not be classified as a security, according to the Howey 
Test. 
 
Unsold tokens will be added to the reward pool. 

3.5 Token Distribution 
616 million tokens will be issued in total and 100 million of them will be available within ICO 
period. Here is a brief summary of token distribution: 
 

● Reward Pool​: 500 million Joint. 
● ICO Investors: ​100 million Joint. 



 

● Early Adopters​: 5 million Joint. 
● Launch Partners​: 5 million Joint. 
● Joint team​: 5 million Joint. 
● Marketing & Development​: 1 million Joint. 

Early Adopters 

Joint will allocate 5 million tokens for its early adopters, incentivizing users who are ready to be 
a part of our content economy. The maximum reward for a user is fixed at 10 Joint tokens, and 
these tokens can be used within our ecosystem only.  
 
After the first 9 months, any unused tokens will be transferred to the Reward Pool for new 
members. Joint will not create new tokens once the fund is exhausted.  

Launch Partners 

In order to grow our user base, we’ll partner with leading publishers from around the world. A 
total of 5 million Joint tokens will be distributed among launch partners. We’ll implement smart 
contracts for the distribution of tokens to these partner publishers, with the condition of at least 
half of these tokens to be shared with their communities. The launch partners can claim Joint 
tokens, only if they keep using our commenting solution.  
 
Joint will not create new tokens once the fund is exhausted. 

Joint Team 

We have set apart 5 million Joint tokens for the team behind Joint. Out of the allotted 5 million 
tokens, 75% will be locked for the next 5 years, and the remaining will be distributed among 
team members and developers at the end of every quarter.  
 
Joint will not create new tokens once the fund is exhausted. 

Reward Pool 

In order to show our commitment towards creating a fair content economy, we have allotted 
500 million Joint tokens for the reward pool. These tokens will be used for publisher payouts 
and ecosystem rewards.  

Marketing and Development 

In the current cryptocurrency landscape, a well-thought-out marketing strategy is critical to the 
success of any project. Joint will work with marketing experts and agencies that specialize in 



 

token sales and cryptocurrency projects. We have allocated 1 million Joint tokens for our 
marketing and future development. Joint will send unused tokens to the Reward Pool. 
 
Joint will not create new tokens once the fund is exhausted. 
 

4.0 Fund Allocation 
Joint will use the proceeds of token sale for project development, administration, marketing and 
publisher acquisition, third-party services, and to build a market making fund.  

Product Development​: 42% Fund Allocation 
We’ll dedicate 42% of the sales proceed to project development. Our project team is composed 
of engineers, developers and marketers that number is planned to reach 30 during the 
development phase . Our plan is to launch a series of related products for your content 
ecosystem. 

Administration​: 12% Fund Allocation 
Nearly 12% of the token sale proceeds will be used for administration purposes, involving 
expenses such as legal, accounting, security, and similar administration costs.  

Marketing & Publisher Acquisition​: 28% Fund Allocation 
Marketing and publisher acquisition is the key to the success of our content economy. We’ll get 
some of the most popular publishers onboard, which will help us in creating brand awareness. 
Furthermore, we’ll use these funds for the growth and maintenance of our community.  

Third Party Services​: 13% Fund Allocation 
We will set apart 13% of the sales proceeds for third-party services. In order to grow our 
platform, we’ll hire and partner with 3rd party companies for marketing & development tasks. 

Market Making​: 5% Fund Allocation 
It’s important to plan for market making. We will keep 5% of the raised funds to address any 
market making process in the future.  

4.1 Joint Roadmap 
Our goal is to use the proceeds of token sales for creating a global content ecosystem that 
follows the principle of collective growth. In line with this goal, here is a roadmap we will 
follow: 



 

Joint Commenting System 
Our Commenting System is a ready product, and we’ll start onboarding publishers 
immediately after the token sale.  
 

● April 2018: ​The first group of publishers will join our platform in April 2018. We have 
done the background work to ensure the onboarding of popular publishers. 

● August 2018:​ Finishing backend transformation into cloud-based microservices to 
handle growth.  

● September 2018: ​We’ll release our WordPress plugin for testing and mass 
implementation. Our plan is to release a beta version and improve it per user feedback. 

● November 2018​: We’ll release our block explorer apps for listing reward-related 
transactions and contents.   

● December 2018: ​By December 2018, we will launch our own mobile apps.  
● February 2019​: We’ll introduce another feature, Content Recommendations, which will 

show relevant content recommendations from the website accessed by commenters.  
● March 2019​: We’ll add a subscription option for commenters, allowing them to subscribe 

to exclusive content from our network.  

Joint AdExchange - Q2 2019 
We will launch AdExchange platform within the second quarter of 2019. It will allow 
advertisers to secure ad placements throughout our network.  

Content Discovery - Q3 2019 
Content Discovery is another project that we’ll add to our content ecosystem. Its main function 
is to allow users to discover new content throughout our network. It will show suggestions 
depending on users’ reading habits and preferences. For publishers, our Content Discovery 
feature will offer an opportunity to gain more visitors from Joint’s network. Publishers will be 
able to market their content on our platform by spending Joint tokens. Our Content Discovery 
platform will be live by the third quarter of 2019.  

Joint Affiliates - Q4 2019 
Joint Affiliate is a program targeted towards the expansion of our network. We’ll introduce an 
affiliate platform, allowing publishers to earn commissions for generating sales and leads for 
advertisers. 



 

4.2 Future Forecast 
Our goal is to become a content ecosystem that grows with the needs of our community. It is 
our belief that if we create a solution that addresses all the real world issues faced by publishers, 
advertisers, and network participants, we will be able to expand our user base manifold.  
 
As of now, our focus is to launch our Commenting System in the immediate future, allowing 
the entire network to be rewarded for their efforts. Our next goal is to onboard at least 10,000 
publishers in 2019. In the long term, we will continue to build other blockchain platforms for 
publishers. 
 
Our approach to reward every participant in a content ecosystem will allow us to gain mass 
acceptance in the future. 
 

FAQs 
What do Joint Tokens represent?  
Joints are utility tokens that work on Joint decentralized apps. They are neither refundable nor 
are they securities for speculation. There is no promise of future performance. There is no 
suggestion or promise that Joint has or will hold a particular value. Joints give no rights in the 
company and do not represent participation in the company. Joints are sold as a functional 
good. Any value received by the company may be spent without conditions.  
 
What amount is being raised? How many tokens will be available during public launch? 
We are targeting to raise x million USD with a cap of 100 million tokens for the ICO. We do not 
have plans to organize another ICO. 
 
What currencies are accepted in the ICO? 
ETH 
 
What is the price of Joint token in the ICO period?  
1 ETH = 8000 Joint tokens 
 
How will Joint use raised currencies during token launch?  
The ETH received in the crowdsale will be used by the Joint team to develop blockchain-based 
apps for publishers. 
 
How will Joint store collected funds? 
Joint will use the standard multisig wallets to store collected funds. 
 
Are Joint tokens transferable?  



 

Crowdsale tokens are immediately transferable. Tokens used in the Commenting System may 
only be donated or used to pay publishers for premium content or for other services. 
 

Disclaimer 
This whitepaper is a public draft and it will be improved and updated every month.  
 
Joint Ventures’ vision depends upon many factors and is subject to many risks, including, 
without limitation, advances in technology and changes in applicable law; this whitepaper is 
subject to the disclaimers contained herein, and Joint Ventures reserves the right to change, 
modify, add, or remove portions of this document at any time before, during, and after the sale 
of Joint tokens. 
 
The Joint tokens are designed as functional utility tokens and are not intended to constitute 
securities in any jurisdiction. This document or any part of it does not constitute a prospectus or 
offer document of any type or nature and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a 
solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction.  
 
This document does not constitute legal, tax, regulatory, financial, accounting, or other advice, 
and this document is not intended to provide the sole basis for any evaluation of Joint, Joint 
tokens, the Joint ecosystem, or the Joint platform.  Before acquiring Joint tokens, a prospective 
purchaser should consult legal, investment, tax, accounting, and other advisors to determine the 
potential benefits, burdens, and other consequences of such transactions, Joint Ventures, Joint 
tokens, the Joint ecosystem, and the Joint platform. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Bibliography 
1. https://www-01.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi-bin/ssialias?htmlfid=WRL12345USEN 
2. https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/180195?hl=en 
3. https://blog.microfocus.com/how-much-data-is-created-on-the-internet-each-day/ 
4. http://www.visualcapitalist.com/dominance-google-and-facebook-one-chart/ 
5. https://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelkanellos/2016/03/03/152000-smart-devices-ev

ery-minute-in-2025-idc-outlines-the-future-of-smart-things/#413252824b63 
6. https://www.smartinsights.com/internet-marketing-statistics/happens-online-60-secon

ds/ 
7. http://www.worldometers.info/blogs/ 
8. https://www.wsj.com/articles/twitch-entices-video-creators-with-more-revenue-shari

ng-1492791567 
9. http://www.ryangovindan.com/2015/10/04/programmatic-out-of-site-is-money-out-o

f-you-pocket/ 
10. https://digiday.com/media/facebooks-ad-breaks-are-not-bringing-in-a-lot-of-money-fo

r-publishers/ 
11. https://pagefair.com/blog/2017/traffic-whitepaper/ 
12. https://www.iab.com/insights/ad-blocking-blocks-ads-win-back/ 
13. http://www.ana.net/content/show/id/botfraud-2017 
14. https://www.wfanet.org/app/uploads/2017/04/WFA_Compendium_Of_Ad_Fraud_

Knowledge.pdf 
15. https://www.emarketer.com/Article/eMarketer-Releases-New-US-Programmatic-Ad-S

pending-Figures/1016698 
16. https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/25/google-youtube-advertising

-extremist-content-att-verizon 
17. http://www.ana.net/content/show/id/industry-initiative-recommendations-k2 

 

https://www-01.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi-bin/ssialias?htmlfid=WRL12345USEN
https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/180195?hl=en
https://blog.microfocus.com/how-much-data-is-created-on-the-internet-each-day/
http://www.visualcapitalist.com/dominance-google-and-facebook-one-chart/
https://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelkanellos/2016/03/03/152000-smart-devices-every-minute-in-2025-idc-outlines-the-future-of-smart-things/#413252824b63
https://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelkanellos/2016/03/03/152000-smart-devices-every-minute-in-2025-idc-outlines-the-future-of-smart-things/#413252824b63
https://www.smartinsights.com/internet-marketing-statistics/happens-online-60-seconds/
https://www.smartinsights.com/internet-marketing-statistics/happens-online-60-seconds/
http://www.worldometers.info/blogs/
https://www.wsj.com/articles/twitch-entices-video-creators-with-more-revenue-sharing-1492791567
https://www.wsj.com/articles/twitch-entices-video-creators-with-more-revenue-sharing-1492791567
http://www.ryangovindan.com/2015/10/04/programmatic-out-of-site-is-money-out-of-you-pocket/
http://www.ryangovindan.com/2015/10/04/programmatic-out-of-site-is-money-out-of-you-pocket/
https://digiday.com/media/facebooks-ad-breaks-are-not-bringing-in-a-lot-of-money-for-publishers/
https://digiday.com/media/facebooks-ad-breaks-are-not-bringing-in-a-lot-of-money-for-publishers/
https://pagefair.com/blog/2017/traffic-whitepaper/
https://www.iab.com/insights/ad-blocking-blocks-ads-win-back/
http://www.ana.net/content/show/id/botfraud-2017
https://www.wfanet.org/app/uploads/2017/04/WFA_Compendium_Of_Ad_Fraud_Knowledge.pdf
https://www.wfanet.org/app/uploads/2017/04/WFA_Compendium_Of_Ad_Fraud_Knowledge.pdf
https://www.emarketer.com/Article/eMarketer-Releases-New-US-Programmatic-Ad-Spending-Figures/1016698
https://www.emarketer.com/Article/eMarketer-Releases-New-US-Programmatic-Ad-Spending-Figures/1016698
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/25/google-youtube-advertising-extremist-content-att-verizon
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/25/google-youtube-advertising-extremist-content-att-verizon
http://www.ana.net/content/show/id/industry-initiative-recommendations-k2

