





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































KEX COIN
STUDENT ACCOMMODATION ON THE BLOCKCHAIN

WHITE PAPER
September 13, 2017



In early 2000, with relaxed monetary policy in the western world, 
mortgages were freely available. These mortgage debts were packaged 
up with varying degrees of risk and sold on to the balance sheets 
of large investment conglomerates (sub-prime mortgage deals). 
When these deals inevitably turned bad, one of the largest financial 
disasters in over a century followed. With confidence in centralised 
financial authorities knocked Bitcoin arrived, with its trustless peer to 
peer model. A decentralised currency and an answer to the future of 
finance.

TRADITION MEETS INNOVATION
When two old school respected property investors team up with three
young entrepreneurial disruptors, something special is destined to 
emerge.

KexCoins are cryptocurrency tokens issued to participants via a crowd 
fund. Those funds are then used to buy in the student investment 
property market which bring reliable returns.

Our intention is to dramatically speed up the process of raising money 
to purchase student investment properties. Thus through the sale 
of KexCoins, a cryptocurrency created on the BitShares blockchain, 
participants from all around the world will be able to participate in this 
process receiving a guaranteed buy back and burn policy on the finite 
supply of coinage created.

ABSTRACT

Student housing 
purchased

Profits used to buy
back and burn kexcoin

Kexcoins 
offered/purchased

2



The funds raised through the sale of KexCoins will purchase high 
yielding student properties. As these properties generate rental 
profits we will begin buying back KexCoins from participants and then 
destroying them, thus raising the value of all remaining KexCoins.

In addition to using the sale of KexCoin to raise funds and purchase 
student property, KexCoin will also have a real world use as a 
commodity. KexCoin tokens will be accepted for any KexCoin or Kexgill 
Group property for the payment of rent, available from the moment 
the ICO closes. Benefits to the user are vast as the transfer of monies 
can be done easily and quickly over country borders. This at a fraction 
of the cost of a normal bank transaction and without the need of a 
bank account. This is something that international students arriving 
in the UK often have to deal with quickly but find it difficult without a 
domiciled UK bank account.

Successfully executed, there is huge potential to roll out KexCoin to 
other student service providers around the UK, making it a future 
payment of choice. Advantageous to both the user and service provider. 
By using KexCoin in this way transaction volumes and liquidity could 
be greatly increased impacting positively on value.

We will continue this ongoing process of buying back and burning 
coins, whilst at the same time expanding the size of the property 
portfolio. This period of buying and burning coins will continue for 30 
years from the date of the ICO. At the expiry date 2047, 50% of any 
asset gain in value of the investments purchased will be distributed 
pro rata to those remaining holders of KexCoin and the verified initial 
participants of the ICO (this excludes any KexCoin held by directors 
and founders of KexCoin, they will not be included).

During the 48 hour window after the ICO ends we will take a snapshot 
(at a random time) of all Kexcoin holders account names and the 
number of Kexcoins they hold. This group will be deemed the verified 
initial participants of the ICO.

The gain in property value will be calculated independently by a 
suitably qualified 3r d party national firm of property consultants.
It is currently impossible to verify with any certainty the individual 
purchasers of KexCoins by nature of their purchase online via Bitcoins. 

3



The directors of Kexcoin and those in succession in 30 years’ time will 
be obliged by the articles of association of KexCoin Limited working 
with their specialist solicitors to endeavour to find a solution to this at 
the earliest opportunity.

KexCoin Limited are committed to ensuring a long term value of 
KexCoin in the market and thus ring fencing the investments for a 
substantial period. The video shows the vision already established 
by The Kexgill Group over 39 years providing safe, affordable student 
accommodation. The KexCoin ICO allows participants to join this 
journey with the purchase of KexCoin subject to ongoing scarcity as a 
result of the buyback policy.
It is a statement of fact that the Kexgill Group rental income received 
has increased by 70 times over a 30 year period.
Raising money via a token sale means the company will be able to 
purchase investment properties debt free, with no mortgages and 
no liability to financial institutions. The legacy traditional financial 
institutions are now challenged.

The KexCoin team aim to move forward through the use of this 
disruptive blockchain technology.

While many token sales offer inspiring ideas, many will not be viable 
and thus never even be launched. KexCoin sits in stark contrast to 
these intangible products by not only using the funds raised to buy 
hard assets but we will do so using a formula that we have been using 
profitably for almost 40 years.

What we propose to do with these funds Kexgill have been doing 
successfully for decades. The only thing we are doing differently this 
time is crowdfunding rather than bank funding.

The Kexgill Group backing KexCoin has a 39 year history in student 
accommodation. They are an award winning UK student property 
company, with over £120m in assets (see www.kexgillgroup.com).

Be part of that crowd and let’s share in the success.

4



1 .  OUR MISSION 6

2. WHAT MAKES KEXCOIN UNIQUE? 7

3. KEY HOLDERS 8

4. THE ICO 11

5. PROPERTY PURCHASE 13

6. THE KEXCOIN TIMELINE 14

7. CONCLUSION 15

INDEX

5



Similar to Gold and Bitcoin, land is finite and with an ever increasing population, it 
becomes scarce. In a similar way KexCoin will be finite, operate a “buy back and burn” 
policy and become increasingly scarcer which will drive price inflation.

The KexCoin team aim to take back control through the use of an ICO (Initial Coin 
Offering), moving the flow of profits away from the central banking system and towards 
the masses.

Our vision is to build a new funding network through the use of the blockchain, making 
it available for almost anyone in the world to contribute, in any amount, large or small.

Purchasing residential property offers a steady return over time, however, residential 
student property offers an excellent investment opportunity with much higher returns 
than other property sectors. It is increasingly a service led business thus the existing 
infrastructure and experience the stakeholders have is essential. The ICO of KexCoin 
will be used to purchase residential student property and redistribute profits through a 
return to the initial participant likely at an increased coin value. 

OUR MISSION

Real estate cannot be lost or 
stolen, nor can it be carried away. 
Purchased with common sense, 

paid for in full, and managed with 
reasonable care, it is about the safest 

investment in the world.
 FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT

Our belief is that by offering a familiar commodity, we will bridge the gap by digitalizing 
bricks and mortar sales while bringing Bitcoin to the mainstream.

6

1



WHAT MAKES US UNIQUE AND WHY 
CHOOSE OUR ICO OVER OTHERS 
CURRENTLY AVAILABLE?

KexCoin is supported by an existing 
infrastructure, an award winning UK student 
property company, with over £120m in assets 
and 39 year history in the student market (see 
www.kexgillgroup.com). In short, our team, is 
experienced, long standing with leading figures 
in the student accommodation industry.

Our planned purchases will make use of 
infrastructure that is already in place and 
available immediately. This means that there 
is little or no development time or cost to this 
infrastructure. What we are offering has never 
been offered before and we are excited about 
the opportunity to pioneer this project. KexCoin, 
set up as a UK registered company, makes 
us trustworthy, transparent and here for the 
long-term. Very few other ICOs can offer such 
security. 

This is an exciting and lucrative opportunity 
for those that join the movement. Our invest-
ment formula includes strict benchmarking 
parameters to be met in all investments. 
Gross yields on the properties we purchase are 
expected to be around 8-15%.

WHAT MAKES KEXCOIN UNIQUE?

The Shareholders are bound by the Articles 
of Association of this UK domiciled company 
and need to act in accordance with them in 
conjunction with a robust corporate governance 
structure. This will be a well-run corporate 
entity having full disclosure. We are acting in the 
interests of the participants with a view to driving 
an increase in value of the coinage.

The Articles of Association include:
1. There is an absolute prohibition on the 

declaration of dividends. The value for the 
Shareholders is within our initial coin holding 
and we are quite clear that funds within 
the Company should be ring-fenced for the 
purchase of student investment property. 
These properties to be held until 2047.

2. There is a prohibition put on the transfer 
of Shares without the consent of all other 
Shareholders. This does not and cannot 
preclude the sale of all of the Share capital 
of the Company if all Shareholders agree, 
but it does mitigate the possibility of that 
happening to the best extent that we can.

3. The provisions in the Articles of Association 
are entrenched. Entrenchment means that 
a provision cannot simply be amended 
by the passing of a Special Resolution of 
the Company, which requires 75% of the 
Shareholders to approve it, but by all of the 
Shareholders.

4. The Directors cannot authorise the purchase 
of an asset without the approval of the 
Investment Committee which will include 
an independent Chartered Surveyor with 
appropriate experience of the type of asset 
being purchased.

YEARS

IN ASSETS

7

2



KEY HOLDERS3

NOTE: DO NOT SEND BITCOIN TO THIS ADDRESS. 
FOLLOW THE ICO INSTRUCTIONS ON THE WEBSITE TO 

OBTAIN KEXCOINS ON THE BITSHARES NETWORK. 

IF YOU SEND BITCOIN TO THIS ADDRESS YOU WILL LOSE IT.

The funds raised during the ICO will be held in a 2 of 3 multi-signature wallet on the 
BitShares network, which will require a minimum of 2 key holders to move the funds.

This BitShares account is publicly auditable at any time at the following link:
https://bitshares.openledger.info/account/kexgill-ico/

You will see the total supply of 10,000,000 KexCoins have been created prior to the ICO 
being launched.

Once the ICO is over, the funds will be moved off the BitShares network and into a 2 of 
3 multi-signature Bitcoin wallet, which again will require a minimum of 2 key holders to 
move the funds.

A publicly auditable address is listed below: https://blockchain.info/address/3Et4FjM6Jm
XPB23erkdvWhu2kFfqonFekp

On the 12th of September we moved to a newly created multi sig wallet with the 
addition of individual hardware wallets to protect keys. The new wallet address is listed 
below:
https://blockchain.info/address/3Edz8x3HNuigaDxZiwmsQBzqJKtQK4UAeD 

THE   KEY   HOLDERS   TO   THE   PROJECT

1. Richard Stott
2. Chris Coney
3. Simon Lee

8



THE TEAM

DR. MICHAEL LEE
Owner of the Kexgill Group
Mike graduated from Aston University then 
obtained a PhD at Hull University. After a period 
of working as a Research Fellow at Hull University 
he established Kexgill Ltd in 1978.

Initially purchasing and modernising property in 
Hull to let to students the group has grown to 
include 8 other University locations as well as 
establishing a portfolio in Germany.
Growth of the group was initially slow but rapidly 
increased during periods of substantial capital 
inflation and availability of “buy to let” funding 
from the likes of Paragon.

The brand is well known / respected amongst 
Universities, students and competing landlords 
delivering constantly evolving product due to his 
passion for property and his ability to recruit a 
loyal like-minded team.

Key skills include monitoring and analysing the 
student market, and from this evaluating the 
financial considerations in strategic expansion, 
but at the same time not forgetting the cost 
considerations of the existing business which are 
forensically analysed.

Kexgill, who will provide management services, 
are an award winning ANUK registered student 
provider owning over 3,250 beds throughout the 

UK and 360 multi-family apartments in Germany.
Established in 1978, Kexgill are entering an 
exciting phase in their history. Kexgill are 
addressing the issue of affordability in the UK 
student market through clever conversions and 
university partnerships to serve students in a 
dynamic changing market. See www.kexgillgroup.
com

Kexgill’s accommodation and partnerships serve 
the following Universities and Medical Schools:
Leeds, Nottingham Trent, Manchester, Liverpool, 
Liverpool John Moores, Liverpool Hope, Hull, 
Bradford, UCLAN, Leeds Trinity, Salford, Teesside, 
Leeds Beckett, Durham, Nottingham, Newcastle.

Recognised by Price Waterhouse Coopers as 
one of the best UK North East companies in 
the Private Business Awards 2017. The Royal 
Institution of Chartered Surveyors voted Kexgill’s 
University Quarter as one of the best schemes 
in Yorkshire 2017 in their prestigious Awards. 
Numerous other awards and accolades including 
the Estates Gazette Specialist Company of the 
Year 2015.

www.kexgillgroup.com
www.kexgill.com
www.kexgill.de

9



CHRIS CONEY
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science and 
Business Information Engineering, host of The 
Cryptoverse and founder of Cryptoversity the 
online school for Bitcoin, cryptocurrencies and 
blockchains.

https://www.youtube.com/c/TheCryptoverse 
https://www.cryptoversity.com

Consultant to the Peerplays project during their 
inception and their 2 successful ICO campaigns 
that raised over $8m. https://www.peerplays.com
Up to date data on the Peerplays market cap 
is available at: http://coinmarketcap.com/
currencies/peerplays-ppy/

RICHARD STOTT 
BSc MRICS
Joined Kexgill in 2006 to expand portfolio in the 
UK and Germany (associated to Kexgill for over 
25 years). Chartered Surveyor and founder of 
specialist consultancy Thomson Stott in 1992, 
subsequently Director of national company Allied 
Surveyors PLC (interests sold in 2007).
Partner in National Avenue Properties a 
property pension holding company. Former 
advisor and original investment strategy idea 
of the highly successful €100m Landericus 
German Residential Fund. Unipol Committee of 
Management National Code of Standards for 
Large Student Developments.

SIMON LEE
Serial entrepreneur and visionary behind the 
KexCoin project.
Studied computer science at the University 
of Hull before joining the board of the Kexgill 
Group.
Currently managing director of SLP Limited 
dealing in importation and Worldwide 
e-commerce retail.

10



KexCoin is a User Issued Asset created on the 
BitShares network:
https://bitshares.openledger.info/asset/KEXCOIN

When the ICO launches the public supply of 
8,500,000 KexCoins will be listed for sale on the 
BitShares decentralised exchange at https://
bitshares.openledger.info/market/KEXCOIN_
OPEN.BTC

Since KexCoin is being issued on the BitShares 
decentralised exchange tokens will be issued 
instantly and be tradable immediately. This 
provides liquidity for KexCoin even before the 
buyback process begins.

By purchasing KexCoins, holders will get an 
increasingly scarce digital asset linked to the 
performance of a student property portfolio that 
is to be purchased with proceeds from the ICO.
By renting out the property to university 
students, the portfolio will generate consistent 
profits.

50% of the net profits from the portfolio will be 
used to buy back KexCoins directly from the 
market quarterly and will then be immediately 
burned. Should no participants be willing to sell 
at that quarter the funds would be retained and 
added to the next quarter net profits and used 
to buy back KexCoins. These funds are strictly 
ring-fenced for the purposes of buy back and 
burn. Auditing procedures will apply.
Proof of burn will be publicly visible on the 
BitShares blockchain: https://bitshares.
openledger.info/account/kexgill-ico/

This will lead to a continuous reduction in the 
remaining supply.

THE ICO

The other 50% of the net profits will be used to 
fund further property investment, increasing the 
size of the portfolio and future profits, which will 
allow for a quicker buy back and faster returns 
for KexCoin holders.

The quarterly buyback budget will be used to buy 
back and burn as many KexCoins as possible. 
Holders may list their coins for sale on the 
market at their desired sale price and then wait 
for the supply to diminish and the price to rise.
We will repeat the buy back and burn process 
for 30 years until 14th October 2047. After this 
date the buyback process will stop and the value 
of any remaining Kexcoins will be redeemed by 
depositing a share of the increased property 
value into the remaining holders accounts. The 
payment will be made in Bitcoin. 
Our aim is to raise 21,250 BTC by selling 8.5m 
KexCoins at 0.0025 BTC each.

Any KexCoins that remain unsold when the 

50  
50  

50%
BUYBACK

11

4



ICO closes will be immediately burned. This 
transaction will be publicly visible at: https://
bitshares.openledger.info/account/kexgill-ico/

8.5m KexCoins represents 85% of the total 
supply. 5% or 500,000 will be retained for 
contingencies and 10% will be allocated to the 
core team who will hold their KexCoins for a 
minimum of one year.
Dates for each buy back will be announced in 
advance so KexCoin holders have sufficient time 
to place their sell orders. Should no participants 
be willing to sell at that quarter the funds would 
be retained and added to the next quarter net 
profits and used to buy back KexCoins. These 
funds are strictly ring-fenced for the purposes 
of buy back and burn. Auditing procedures will 
apply.

12



PROPERTY PURCHASE5

THE MARKET
As the UK student accommodation market 
matures it is clear a two tier market is evolving:
1. Larger conglomerate groups including funds 

(GSA), REIT’s and listed Unite continue to 
grow.

2. The nimble smaller £100-£300m asset value 
(inc Kexgill) operators are forming university 
partnerships and acquiring better yielding 
investments through smaller purpose built 
accommodation.

As the Purpose Built Student Accommodation 
(PBSA) takes a greater market share the middle 
rental ground focussing on affordability and 
service has the highest growth potential.
The proceeds of the ICO will be used to target 
these smaller purpose built complexes and 
portfolios.

EXAMPLE
Kexgill Tower (purchased out of receivership and 
formally known as Haria Tower). Purchase Price 
£4,050,000 in October 2015.
Current professional valuation £5,800,000. 
108 studios. 100% occupancy. Rent Passing 
£652,000 pa.

THE INVESTMENT STRATEGY
Create a long-term student let investment property 
portfolio in the UK.
Due to the nature of the purchases and the 
characteristics of the UK market, long term 
capital growth of the underlying assets is 
ancillary to the generation of rental income, 
which provides a stable return allowing buyback 
of KexCoins from holders.
The portfolio is held for the long term with 
disposals only being undertaken where there is a 
significant strategic benefit to the company.

SELECTION PROCESS
INVESTMENT SELECTION
 ö Time on market
 ö Reason for sale 
 ö Broker/Bank involvement
 ö Initial asking price/history 
 ö Overall condition 
 ö Occupancy Rate current/historical 
 ö Financial Modelling 
 ö Reason for selection 
 ö Full details 

OFFER AND ACCEPTANCE
 ö Offer price calculation
 ö Offer range
 ö Calculation
 ö  Investment Committee Report submission
 ö Offer submission 

ACCEPTANCE / NEGOTIATION
 ö Due-Diligence
 ö Essential pre-purchase matters
 ö Professional valuation
 ö Formal offer
 ö Solicitor instruction
 ö Additional surveys, full technical report
 ö Inspection of investment by proposed 

property manager

13



THE KEXCOIN TIMELINE

July 2017
Kexcoin whitepaper

15th August 2017
Due diligence & marketing campaign

15th October 2017
Crowdsale closes

May 2017
Kexcoin project conceived

August 2017
Launch of Kexcoin.com website & 
social media

15th September 2017
The start of the crowdsale

November 2017 onwards
Property identification & purchases 
commence

14

6



KexCoin is a marriage between the established and proven formulas of old school 
property professionals and leading edge Blockchain technology.

KexCoin derives its value from our commitment to buy back coins using 50% of profits 
generated from rental income. This period of buying and burning coins will continue for 
30 years from the date of the ICO.

In addition 50% of any asset gain in value of the investments purchased will be 
distributed pro rata to those remaining holders of KexCoin and the verified initial 
participants of the ICO at the end of 30 years.

KexCoin has a handpicked team, each leaders in their field and with sound proven 
business acumen and global assets.

 ö Dr Michael Lee (Kexgill founder and Chairman)
 ö Richard Stott BSc MRICS (Kexgill Managing Director)
 ö Simon Lee (Founder and Managing Director of worldwide online retail company SLP)
 ö Chris Coney (Host of The Cryptoverse podcast and Founder of Cryptoversity the 

online school for Bitcoin)
 ö Michelle Fang MSc (Financial Analyst)

Our decision to use the advanced features of the BitShares network means a high 
degree of security, the capacity to handle thousands of transactions per second and a 
decentralised exchange for instant trading and liquidity.

The fixed buy back and burn with a finite supply of coinage makes KexCoin a compelling 
opportunity.

CONCLUSION

15

7



KEXCOIN WHITEPAPER 

WWW.KEXCOIN.COM

 Copyright 2017 Kexcoin Ltd. All Rights Reserved.


	Our Mission
	What Makes KexCoin Unique?
	key holders
	The ico
	property purchase
	The KexCoin Timeline
	Conclusion

