










































 

 

 

 
 

 

 
By The Leadchain Foundation 

 

A Decentralized Trust Protocol for Domains & Publishers 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
White Paper Version 1.0 

February 20, 2018 



2  

 

 

Executive Summary 

The Leadchain Foundation is launching the Kind Ads Protocol, a decentralized protocol on the Ethereum blockchain 

that improves how publishers and advertisers engage online (the “Kind Ads Protocol”).  

A core component of the Kind Ads Protocol is a blockchain-based scoring system (the “Kind Ads Score”) that ranks 

publishers and domain names based on how much they are trusted by their users. 

Advertisers can use this trusted domain score to identify and advertise on the highest quality publishers in their 

niche. 

The Kind Ads Protocol enables publishers to market directly to their audience in a less intrusive fashion - using 

more natural communication channels like e-mail, push notifications and chat - eliminating the need for annoying 

and intrusive display ads. 

Additionally, applications built on top of the Kind Ads Protocol can provide users with a global opt-out list and 

enable users to be compensated if they do choose to receive marketing messages. 

Perhaps most importantly, the Kind Ads Protocol, together with its applications (together, the “Kind Ads 

Ecosystem”), facilitates this functionality without the 30%+ fees charged by most advertising middlemen. 

The Problem 

There are 4 primary players in the Kind Ads Ecosystem: 

 

1. Users 

○ Users are individuals that visit publisher sites in search of information 

2. Publishers 

○ Publishers are content creators that manage online destinations for users to acquire information 

3. Advertisers 

○ Businesses that are willing to exchange capital for the attention of users  

4. App Partners 

○ Technology providers that provide publishers with ad serving technology in various formats (push 

notifications, etc) 

Each of these ecosystem participants are poorly served with the current status quo of ad networks, data monopolies 

(like Google and Facebook) and display ads. 

 

Users are barraged with annoying and irrelevant ads 



3  

 

User data has become commoditized and is bought and sold with little regard for privacy, relevance, or 

effectiveness. While there are regulations that provide some protection, these laws can often be vague, hard to 

understand, and in many cases impossible to actually enforce. 

 

As such, ethical advertisers and publishers have steered away from exchanging customer information - which in turn 

has lowered the overall message quality drastically. Users end up with a high quantity of poorly targeted irrelevant 

messages, and have no way of tracking down the source where they initially provided their contact information (for 

example, they end up subscribed to lists they never signed up for because someone sold their email information). 

 

Publishers find it difficult to make money from their traffic 

The most effective way for publishers to drive traffic is by building a following - whether that is via email, push 

notifications, or otherwise. Publishers also know first hand that having a direct line of communication with a 

subscriber is much more valuable than just having a visitor to a single page on their sites. That’s why so many 

publishers attempt to convert visitors to subscribers - because in the long run, each subscriber is going to be worth 

substantially more than a typical visitor because a subscriber has opted in to a direct line of communication. 

 

However, there is a disconnect between the effectiveness of a subscriber for a publisher and the effectiveness of a 

subscriber for an advertiser. Despite the known value of a subscriber base, most publishers continue to rely on 

display / banner ads as their primary source of revenue - in other words, they are monetizing their subscribers 

indirectly as follows: 

 

● Visitor subscribes to publisher 

● Publisher drives subscriber to its own site 

● Subscriber sees a display ad 

● Advertiser compensates publisher for their ad being seen 

 

Rather than relying on a direct model: 

● Visitor subscribes to publisher 

● Publisher drives subscriber to advertiser’s site 

● Advertiser compensates publisher for conversion or for traffic 

 

There are exceptions to this rule, but they generally fall into two categories 

1. Publishers that also sell their own digital or physical products are typically very effective at realizing the 

value of their subscriber base 



4  

 

2. Publishers with large sales teams that can convince advertisers of the effectiveness of tapping directly 

into their subscriber base can sell campaigns on an ad-hoc basis 

 

So what is stopping publishers from capitalizing on their subscriber base directly, rather than relying on the less 

effective indirect model based on display advertising? 

 

It boils down to two things: 

 

1. Publishers have no way of signalling to advertisers the true quality of their subscriber/lead base - there is no 

straightforward way for advertisers to distinguish between publishers who have a high quality subscriber 

base (those who are likely to convert effectively for the advertiser) from Publishers who have a low quality, 

disengaged subscriber base 

2. There is no widely used platform where publishers can easily sell access to their subscriber base to 

Advertisers. With display advertising, there are major, centralized marketplaces where advertisers and 

publishers can interact without establishing prior relationships (Google Display Network, Facebook) 

This is why only publishers with large sales teams can capitalize on the direct model on subscriber access. In order 

to move to a model where they can directly capitalize on their subscriber base, they first need to establish 

relationships with advertisers and demonstrate the quality of their subscriber base, both of which require trust and a 

large sales team. 

 

Advertisers can’t access the most effective ad formats at scale 

Most advertisers are forced to rely on banner & display advertising rather than tapping into the effectiveness of 

publisher subscriber bases because they have no way of sorting the good from the bad.  

 

In certain industries (finance, insurance, real estate, certain b2b markets) where conversion values are very high, 

there is a good deal of lead buying/selling that occurs - however, even in these niches where buying leads can be 

profitable for an advertiser, asymmetric information between the seller and buyer of leads causes the classic 

economic problem of adverse selection. This in turn causes a vicious cycle of declining lead quality and lower prices 

- until we end up where we are today, where leads/subscribers are commodity objects that sell based on having the 

lowest prices (as opposed to the highest quality). 

 

This is why, in an industry like mortgage loans for example, where a single lead can potentially be worth tens or 

hundreds of thousands of dollars, leads still go for only a few dollars a piece. 

 

It’s also why most industries aren’t subscriber/lead centric, even though directly contacting subscribers of a quality 

publisher (especially if the messaging is targeted) tends to be more effective than display advertising. Access to a 

pool of generic, lower quality subscribers/leads typically generate a poor ROI for an advertiser, but there’s no real 

way for an advertiser to judge that a certain pool of subscribers is targeted or high quality other than building a 

relationship with the publisher. 

 

http://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/adverseselection.asp


5  

 

Leads are also constantly decreasing in quality as subscriber contact details are traded back and forth. A high 

quality, targeted subscriber/lead, when sold and targeted with enough volume of irrelevant offers, becomes an 

increasingly low quality lead. 

 

By relying on display advertising, the advertiser is monetizing the subscriber base indirectly by paying for traffic, 

and the publisher can ‘monetize’ their subscriber base by using them to drive traffic. The issue with this model is the 

advertiser is completely missing out on the benefits of direct subscriber communication, which tends to be 

dramatically more effective than passive display advertising. 

 

App Partners can’t scale without building a marketplace  

In the current landscape, ad technology providers who innovate and develop new communication/messaging 

channels face significant barriers to success, the most acute of which is reaching the tipping point of adoption where 

they can become profitable. 

 

Even in cases where these new communication channels are liked and preferred by early adoption users, ad 

technology providers are met with the difficult task of attempting to get major publishers and/or advertisers to adopt 

the technology. Ultimately, it doesn’t make sense for publishers and advertisers to tap into new channels until there 

are enough users who are active and receptive to these channels, but widespread user adoption is extremely difficult 

to attain without the backing of major publishers and advertisers. It’s a classic catch-22. 

 

In addition to the hurdles app providers face in order to reach the critical mass required to viable, successful or 

popular innovations are often copied or co-opted by both existing and new competitors almost immediately. App 

providers often have to dedicate a large amount of resources towards chasing user, publishers, and advertiser 

adoption, which in turn slows down development and improvement in the channel itself. As soon as a new channel 

is seen as having potential, it becomes a race towards widespread adoption. Ultimately, time spent on chasing 

publisher and advertiser adoption is time not spent on the product itself. 

 

The Kind Ads Solution 

The vision of The Leadchain Foundation is to build a better bridge between publishers, advertisers, users, and app 

providers. Kind Ads has been in development for over a year with a focus on (a) launching a decentralized push 

notification network and (b) onboarding an engaged set of publishers and advertisers.  The Leadchain Foundation 

believes that push notifications is one of the highest converting ad formats and has the potential to help publishers 

earn dramatically more income from their content while annoying users less than traditional display and pop-up ads. 

As a pioneer in developing new digital advertising technologies, the Kind Ads Ecosystem will provide the necessary 

tools and platform for addressing existing market inefficiencies.  

Key features of the Kind Ads Ecosystem will include: 

● A decentralized quality and reputation score for domains and publishers 

○ All publishers will be scored via an algorithm on the Kind Ads Protocol that is primarily based on 
historical campaign effectiveness and information provided by various oracles such as Google 



6  

 

Analytics. Publishers can boost their Kind Ads Score through third party staking as well as by 

linking various trusted sources of data. Off-platform advertisers, other publishers, and 

engaged subscribers/visitors can reputationally ‘back’ a new publisher to improve their initial 

Kind Ads Score. Once an initial campaign has been run, the Kind Ads Score will be adjusted 

based on the effectiveness of the campaign 

○ Publishers can also run their own internal campaigns to boost their Kind Ads Score by 
demonstrating high open/click/conversion rates on direct publisher to subscriber communication 

○ Advertisers can identify high quality publishers to work with and rent their subscriber bases - 
alternatively, advertisers who are more interested in traditional display ads outside of subscriber 

access campaigns can also use a publisher’s Kind Ads Score as a signal of a highly engaged and 

active audience 

○ Kind Ads Scores will also be affected by new subscribers and opt-outs 

○ High quality publishers will be able to monetize more effectively by providing direct access to a 
high quality subscriber base 

○ Scoring will initially be focused on domains, but over time will expand to mobile applications as 
well 

● A decentralized network for advertisers to transact with publishers to gain subscriber access 

○ Currently, there is no place to go if advertisers want to run a direct advertising campaign targeted 
to subscribers across multiple publishers. The lead generation/subscriber access industry relies 

primarily on publisher sales teams generating relationships with advertisers - the industry is 

extremely opaque and there is no ‘marketplace’ to speak of outside of a few centralized niche 

platforms dedicated to specific industries 

○ The Kind Ads Ecosystem will allow publishers and advertisers to come together in a transparent 
way, where subscriber access is exchanged ethically, and where effectiveness can be tracked 

quickly and accurately using the Kind Ads Protocol. Advertisers will be able to find the publishers 

based on subscriber quality and run campaigns with confidence, and high quality publishers will 

be able to monetize more effectively by signalling historical effectiveness and providing direct 

subscriber access 

● A tokenized rewards pool 

○ Users will be able to specify exactly how they allow their data to be used, and will be incentivized 
to grant publishers (and advertisers) more access via token rewards. As an example, a user who 

grants the publisher the right to let a third party advertiser market to them would be rewarded with 

more tokens than a user who grants the publisher only the right to market to them directly with no 

third party marketing allowed 

○ The higher quality a user is as a lead for advertisers, the more advertisers will compensate 
publishers, and in turn the user will also be rewarded more. This incentivizes the user to be 

engaged and active as a subscriber 

○ The Kind Ads Ecosystem is also expected to allow the user to ‘sell’ themselves as a lead. For 
example, if a user is looking specifically for a product or service in an industry with high lead 



7  

 

values, he/she may be able to act as both the lead source and the lead, and allow advertisers to 

bid directly for his/her attention 

● A global opt-out list for users 

○ To keep the quality of the overall lead/subscriber pool high, and to minimize unwanted marketing 
and communication, all users will have the option to globally opt out of the Kind Ads Ecosystem, 

after which advertisers or publishers in the Kind Ads Ecosystem will no longer be able to 

communicate with these users. This is expected to remove low quality subscribers/leads from the 

Kind Ads Ecosystem and keep the average quality of subscribers high 

○ In addition to the global opt-out, users will have the ability to specify in detail the level of 
communication they are comfortable with. For instance, they will be able to opt out of having their 

details shared with advertisers on a publisher by publisher basis (meaning they can grant the 

publishers that they want to support greater access and freedom with their information). In this 

way, users can reward high quality publishers that treat their data ethically with greater access, and 

restrict the permissions of lower quality publishers 

○ Users will also be able to track specifically what publishers are doing with their information 

○ The user opt-in and subsequent advertising will be fully auditable - and is expected to be 
eventually enforced with a bounty system 

● Daily reconciliations and payments 

○ The Kind Ads Ecosystem will reconcile payments (in KIND tokens) on a daily basis.  Instead of 

waiting for weeks or months to be paid, publishers can now be paid daily with no transaction fees 

○ This enables publishers to more aggressively re-invest in high quality content 

● Empowering small quality publishers 

○ By enabling advertisers to work directly with smaller, higher quality publishers that don’t have a 

direct sales force, small publishers can now focus on creating content while still earning premium 

ad rates 

● Multiple High Converting Formats 

○ Instead of selling just display or video ads, The Leadchain Foundation will work with a variety of 

app partners to enable the best converting ad formats 

● No Fees 

○ The Kind Ads Ecosystem is expected to charge no fees on ad dollars spent (in stark contrast to the 

30%+ that most networks charge) 

● The reward pool 

○ The Kind Ads Ecosystem will incentivize good behaviour through the creation and administration 

of a reward pool payable in KIND Tokens  



8  

 

○ The reward pool as well as all advertising reconciliations will be performed daily - 

dramatically shortening the time it takes for publishers to get paid - and creating a stronger 

feedback loop to show how positive actions convert to payouts for other system participants  

○ 75% of all ad dollars will go to the publisher that generated the relevant impression or lead 

○ The remaining 25% will be allocated to a reward pool that benefits users, publishers and app 

partners as follows: 

■ 5% of ad dollars will go to consumers based on their Kind Ads Consumer Score 

■ 10% of ad dollars will go to app providers based on the ad dollars that flow through their 

ad server 

■ 10% of ad dollars will also be paid to publishers - based on their Kind Ads Publisher 

Score 

 

The Token Economy 

The Kind Ads (KIND) token will be an ERC-20 compliant token built on top of the Ethereum blockchain, 

defined by an open-source smart contract, and used for transactions in the Kind Ads Ecosystem.   

Key Token Functionality 

The KIND token is expected to have several key uses: 

● Token is exchanged by users in order to opt in and out of the Kind Ads Ecosystem 

● Token is used by advertisers to purchase ads from publishers on the network  

● Token is used to pay publishers on a daily basis 

● Token is allocated to the daily reward pool for publishers, users and app providers 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



9  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

KIND ADS TOKEN FLOW 

 

 
 

The KIND token has a unique function for each of the key participants in the Kind Ads Ecosystem. 

 



10  

 

Key Functionality for Users: 

 

User Opt-Out 

● Description 

○ A user can universally opt-out of all ads in the Kind Ads Ecosystem  

● User Flow 

○ User relinquishes token in exchange for opting out of receiving ads on the Kind Ads Ecosystem 

○ If user re-opts in, they will receive a new KIND token 

● Token Impact 

○ User gets an amount of tokens (capped at $5 USD) for opting in 

○ User spends those same tokens to opt-out 

○ The spent token amount is reallocated into the reward pool 

 

User Opt-In 

● Description 

○ User opts in to ads on the Kind Ads Ecosystem and specifies who is allowed to communicate 

directly with them, on a publisher by publisher basis  

○ As an example, a user could allow one publisher to communicate to them, but not allow that same 

publisher to send them third party marketing offers. Another publisher may be allowed to both use 

their contact for internal and third party marketing. The initial implementation of this feature is 

expected to be via browser extension 

○ Users become incentivized to participate in the platform as a whole and are rewarded for more 

leniency in how their contact details are used. The more leeway they give the publishers that 

they’re subscribed to, the more tokens they will receive from the rewards pool 

○ Users who engage more with advertisers or with the ecosystem will benefit more from the reward 

pool as well 

● User Flow 

○ User chooses how to opt-in to each publisher in the Kind Ads Ecosystem she has recently visited 

○ User is allocated tokens from the rewards pool 

● Token Impact 



11  

 

○ User gets a KIND token 

○ Opted In Users gets percentage of reward pool each month 

○ Users can use tokens as advertisers, or reward Publishers with pledged tokens 

 

Key Functionality for Publishers 

 

Publisher Onboarding 

● Description 

○ Participation 

■ Publisher can voluntarily provide additional context about their website - for example 

specifying the vertical that they are in or audience demographic data 

■ Publisher must agree to publicly share relevant quality metrics with Advertisers 

○ Channel Choice & Tracking: 

■ Publisher will be able to choose which channels they are interested in advertising through 

(e.g push notifications and email) 

■ They can then set up the relevant tracking as necessary for each of those channels by 

following the integration instructions of the specific app partners that they have decided 

to use 

■ Publishers can opt out of third party advertising altogether and instead use the Kind Ads 

Ecosystem as a way to easily integrate with app partners and take advantage of the 

channels offered (for example, it’s an easy way to setup and track metrics for push 

notifications) 

■ By joining the Kind Ads Ecosystem even if they are not selling advertising, publishers 

can build up a historical performance record which will allow them to sell advertising 

more effectively in the future 

○ Advertiser Choice: 

■ Publishers will have the ability to set pricing for sharing their subscribers, and will be 

given recommendations on pricing based on their vertical and publisher score 

■ Publishers will have the ability to approve or reject specific messaging as well as specific 

advertisers 



12  

 

■ Publishers will also have the ability to suggest changes to specific messaging before 

approval 

■ Once a message is approved and served, KIND tokens will be transferred to the publisher 

■ Channel choice (push, email, chatbot, native content) 

○ Reward Pool 

■ Outside of the advertising aspect, publishers are also additionally incentivized to join the 

ecosystem because they can participate in the reward pool by referring new users to the 

Kind Ads Ecosystem 

■ The incentives of the reward pool are such that publishers aren’t just chasing traffic, but 

are also rewarded for building loyal followings who opt in to specific channels 

■ 10% of the reward pool tokens will be distributed to the Publishers with the strongest 

quality scores 

 

● Publisher Flow 

○ Publisher signs up for the Kind Ads Ecosystem and verifies their domain 

○ Publisher opts in to anonymously share their Kind Ads Score 

○ Chooses app partners to integrate with 

○ Chooses advertisers to partner with 

○ Receives daily tokens based on ad impressions served + reward pool 

● Token Impact 

○ Receives tokens for ads displayed on network 

○ Receives percentage of reward pool for user participation  

 

Key Functionality for Advertisers 

 

Advertisers Onboarding 

● Description 

○ Publisher Selection 



13  

 

■ Search and filter functions will allow Advertisers to narrow down participating 

Publishers by vertical, channels provided, quality metrics, and price to find the exact 

types of audiences that they want to target 

■ Advertisers can view self-reported Publisher information (e.g vertical, audience 

demographics, etc) as well as detailed Publisher performance metrics for each channel 

that they participate in 

■ Publishers can be grouped together (e.g by vertical) in order to target larger audiences 

where necessary 

○ Channel Choice 

■ Advertisers can view Publisher performance by channel and choose to purchase ads 

through specific channels 

■ As new channels are integrated within the ecosystem by app partners, Advertisers will 

have more and more channel options to choose from. This allows for participating 

Advertisers to utilize the latest and most effective delivery methods for their messaging 

○ Ad Upload 

■ Ads can be uploaded by Advertisers once ads have been purchased. Purchased ads will 

need to be approved by Publishers before any tokens are transferred. The platform will 

allow for ad revisions in cases where the Publisher wants to work with Advertisers to 

make changes 

■ If ads are not rejected, no transaction occurs and no tokens are transferred 

● Token Impact 

○ Spends tokens for advertising 

○ Buys tokens to access publisher database 

 

 

Key Functionality for App Partners 

 

Integrating with the Kind Ads Ecosystem 

● Description 

○ App providers can launch new channel innovations in the Kind Ads Ecosystem. Existing app 

providers will also be able to integrate with the Kind Ads Ecosystem in a straightforward manner. 

This will afford similar app providers to compete on the basis of features and functionality rather 

than competing purely on sales/marketing 



14  

 

○ Advertisers and publishers will be able to view competing app providers side by side and 

select the one that best fits their business needs 

○ Advertisers and publishers will naturally gravitate towards the app providers who deliver the most 

in terms of effectiveness and usability, which will ultimately reward those app providers who 

build the best products 

○ Tokens will be distributed to app providers based on the message volume that runs through their 

apps. This gives app providers an incentive to join the Kind Ads Ecosystem and resolves the 

tipping point/critical mass problem as the reward pool allocations function linearly rather than in a 

winner-take-all fashion 

○ App providers can also ultimately still choose to build out their own publisher/advertiser networks 

outside of the Kind Ads Ecosystem even after they’ve integrated with the platform 

● App Partner Flow 

○ Integrate with the API 

○ Agree to accept tokens as payment 

○ Receive daily payments from reward pool based on app usage 

● Token Impact 

○ Earn a percentage of tokens allocated to the reward pool based on app usage 

Technology Overview 

The development team behind Kind Ads has been building out the technology since early 2017.  The initial 

development focus has revolved around creating a fully working version of the initial push notification platform.  A 

demonstration of the working prototype can be seen here. 

The key technology being built to execute on the Kind Ads vision includes: 

 

● User Facing Technology 

○ Chrome browser plugin 

■ Anonymously track site visits and frequency  

■ Track opt-in status for each publisher in network  

■ View and spend platform rewards  

■ Recommendations for how to get more rewards 

https://goo.gl/4q1HJC


15  

 

■ Identity management solution 

● Enable users to onboard to the platform, link their phone and pc profile, 
earn tokens and opt-out if desired 

○ Civic 

○ Nugget 

○ Kyc-chain 

○ Identifi 

 

● Publisher Facing Technology 

○ Code snippet for site to track data 

○ WordPress plugin to track data on wordpress sites 

○ Management portal (chrome plugin) that enables publisher to: 

■ Choose and block advertisers on the platform 

■ Chose app partners to integrate with 

■ View their metrics & earnings 

■ Access their tokens 

 

● Advertiser Facing Technology 

○ Ad management platform (chrome plugin) 

○ View performance of current ads by channel 

○ Upload & manage other ads 

 

● App Partner Facing Technology 

○ Implementation guide 

○ Code snippet to integrate with Kind Ads Ecosystem 

○ Management portal to track payments, required updates, etc 



16  

 

Team and Advisors 

Founding Kind Ads Team 

 

Saulo Medeiros 

Co-founder 

The co-founder of NPBR International LTDA. An agency that helps large corporations with their digital marketing 

needs. Currently they help their clients spend over $100,000,000 dollars a year on marketing 

 

Rafael Mayrink 

Director of Operations 

Co-founder and Director of Operations at NPBR International LTDA. Rafael ensures that the company has the 

proper operational controls, administrative and reporting structure. 

 

Jaime Sanchez 

Lead Blockchain Developer 

Jaime is a full stack developer. He is an IT professional and entrepreneur with more than 20 years of experience. 

Passionate about technology and the change it brings to mankind. Worked at Microsoft for 12 years helping the top 

companies in Latin America create scalable cloud architectures.  

 

Caio Beleza 

Digital Marketing Specialist 

Caio is a partner of NPBR International LTDA, an ad agency focused on the Latin America market. He is in charge 

of operations and making sure companies grow their revenue through digital marketing. 

 

Founding Advisors 

Neil Patel 

Founder of QuickSprout 

Neil Patel is the co-founder of Crazy Egg, Hello Bar and KISSmetrics, and founder of QuickSprout.com.  He helps 

companies like Amazon, NBC, GM, HP and Viacom grow their revenue. 

 

Saber Aria 

Co-Founder and CEO BeyondBlocks 

Saber is the founder of BeyondBlocks as well as 2 prominent digital marketing agencies with a diverse client base of 

fortune 500 companies. 

 

Trevor Koverko 

CEO of Polymath 

Trevor is the founder and CEO of Polymath, a company bringing securities to the blockchain. He is a serial 

entrepreneur with 2 technology startup exits.  He was also an original advisor/investor to the Ethereum project. 

 



17  

 

Jay Westerdal 

Founder of Domain Tools 

Jay Westerdal is the founder of Domain Tools (acquired by Thought Convergence, Inc). Jay is an active startup 

advisor and investor. He currently spends his time acquiring and growing companies. 

 

Krutal Desai 

Head of Special Projects at Wordpress 

Wordpress helps power 28% of the world’s websites. Krutal runs special projects focused on getting more websites 

and users on the wordpress platform.  He was the former CEO of Sponge, a Q&A community platform acquired by 

Kurtosys Systems. 

 

Jonathan Cronstedt 

President of Kajabi 

Jonathan is the President of Kajabi, a leading publishing platform where people can create and monetize websites. 

Kajabi users have sold over $300MM+ of digital products globally via the platform. Prior to Kajabi Jonathan was 

the General Manager of Digital Learning at Success Magazine and he was the CEO of Digital Marketer. 

 

Eric Siu 

Founder of Single Grain Marketing 

Eric is the founder of Single Grain, a digital marketing agency that helps companies such as Uber, SalesForce, 

TurboTax, KitchenAid, Random House, Sony Pictures, and Nordstroms grow. 

 

Product Roadmap 

The current roadmap and target timeline is expected to be as follows: 

 

● Q1-2018 

○ Onboard initial launch partners 

■ The Leadchain Foundation has attracted over a dozen launch partners including top 
global publishers that will place Kind Ads ads on their site and advertising firms that will 

run ads in the Kind Ads Ecosystem. These partners are expected to be  announced in Q1-

2018 

○ Push notification offering 

■ It is anticipated that the first major application implementation in the Kind Ads 
Ecosystem will be Push Notifications. Subscribers.com, a market leader in push 

notification technology, will be a launch partner and will be working alongside The 

Leadchain Foundation to implement this functionality, whereby advertisers can use 

KIND tokens to access the publishers base on the platform 



18  

 

○ Private Domain Score 

■ Enable individual publishers on Kind Ads to see their domain score 

● Q2-2018 

○ Global Opt-Out List 

■ Enables consumers to use KIND tokens in order to opt-out of all ads on the Kind Ads 
Ecosystem 

○ Public Domain Score 

■ Enable advertising partners to access the anonymized score of publishing partners on the 
Kind Ads Protocol, and enable them to place advertisements based on the domain score 

of publishers 

● Q3-2018 

○ Rewards Pool 

■ Enable publishers and users to earn rewards for being good actors in the Kind Ads 
Ecosystem 

○ Launch Solo Email Platform 

■ Email is the most widely adopted method of building an audience for online publishers, 
and there already exists a robust ecosystem for communicating with subscribers via 

email. However, there is currently no go-to platform for advertisers and publishers to 

transact and exchange access to email subscribers.  Kind Ads will enable advertisers to 

reach an audience via the email lists of vetted publisher partners 

● Q4-2018 

○ Launch Chatbot Platform 

■ Launch application that enables advertisers to place ads within the chat bots of trusted 
publishers 

○ Launch Publisher Staking System 

■ Enable new publishers to be staked by existing users or advertisers to start  with a pre-
existing Kind Ads Score 

● Q1-2019 

○ Launch App Partner Platform 

■ Enable any app (technology) provider to launch their ad units on top of the Kind Ads 
Protocol 

○ Launch Bounty Program 



19  

 

■ Add 2% to advertising rates and launch a bounty program to incentivize researchers 
to identify and disclose any compliance violations 

● Q2-2019 and beyond 

○ The long term vision of the Kind Ads Protocol is to provide a channel agnostic advertising 
ecosystem. This hinges on developing an ecosystem where: 

■ The best and most effective channel providers (app partners) and publishers are rewarded 

■ Advertisers get access to the best possible results they can achieve through a combination 
of better channels and better transparency on publishers 

■ Users are well protected and have the choice to ultimately opt out of the ecosystem, but 
are incentivized to stay in it 

■ The key here is making sure that app partners are can onboard to the Kind Ads 
Ecosystem in a reasonably straightforward and frictionless manner, and to make it worth 

their while to do so 

■ Providing everybody in the advertising landscape better access to more effective channels 
is key for the ecosystem to be able to flourish as intended (as a channel agnostic 

ecosystem), and as such, attracting new app providers will be a core priority of The 

Leadchain Foundation. 

  



20  

 

 

Appendix 1: Reward Pool Formulas 
 

Variable Definition Description Range/Calculation 

General 

Definitions    

F App Provider 

A provider of ad formats for Kind Ads 

publishers NA 

C Consumer User A user who visits a Kind Ads property NA 

A Advertiser 

A business that spends money on a Kind 

Ads property NA 

P Publisher 

A publisher that is part of the Kind Ads 

network NA 

RP Reward Pool  NA 

PY Payout Payout to network participant  

DA Daily Ad Dollars 

Ad dollars spent in previous day on Kind 

Ads  

    

Consumer 

Score    

OR Opt-In Score How much data is shared 

0 for opt-outs, 1-00 (based on median 

active users) 

RR(c) Response Rate 

How responsive is a user to requests on 

the platform 

0-100 (based on median of active 

users) 

NR Network Ratio 

% of online time spent on Kind Ads 

publisher properties 

0-100 (based on median of active 

users) 

VPS 

Visited Publisher 

Score 

Average score of Kind Ads publishers 

visited 

0-100 (based on median of active 

users) 

RP(c) 

Consumer Reward 

Pool Payout 

The dollars payable to Consumers from 

the last day 5% of total ad spend in the last day 

CS Consumer Score 

The score for a user based on a previous 

day's activity OR * RR(c) * NR * VPS 

PY(c) Consumer Payout 

The amount paid out to an individual 

consumer 

PY(c) = (CS/(Sum of All CS)) * 

RP(c) 

 



21  

 

  



22  

 

 

Appendix 2: Publisher Scoring System 

Publisher 

Score    

QS Leadchain score 

Quality of domain based on user 

engagement/trust 

0-100 (based on median of active 

publishers) 

SR Signup Rate 

% of Unique Visitors that buy or sell 

tokens in connection with this publisher 

0-100 (based on median of active 

publishers) 

RR(p) Response Rate 

How responsive is a publisher to requests 

on the platform 

0-100 (based on median of active 

users) 

TPA 

Accept 3rd Party 

Ads Does publisher accept 3rd party ads 0.5 or 1 

RP(p) 

Publisher Reward 

Pool Payout 

The dollars payable to Publishers from 

the last day 

10% of Total Ad Spend in the last 

day 

PS Publisher Score 

The score for a user based on a previous 

day's activity QS * SR * RR(p) * TPA 

PY(p) Publisher Payout 

The amount of reward pool paid to an 

individual publisher 

PY(p) = (PS/(Sum of All PS)) * 

RP(p) 

    

App Score    

RP(f) 

App Reward Pool 

Payout 

The dollars payable to Apps from the last 

day 

10% of Total Ad Spend in the last 

day 

FS App Score % of Ad Dollars Flowing Through App DA(f)/DA 

PY(f) App Payout 

The amount of reward pool paid to an 

individual app PY(f) = FS * RP(f) 

 

  



23  

 

Appendix 3: Kind Ads Scores 

 

Variable Definition Description Range/Calculation 

Base Site 

Metrics    

S Session 

Period from when a vistor visits a site to when they have 30 mins 

of inactivity NA 

SD Session Duration 

The average amount of time a user spends on a site. Score is 

based on median in niche. 0-100 

PVS 

Page Views per 

Session 

The number of page views a typical user visits per session. Score 

is based on median in niche. 0-100 

G 

Monthly Session 

Growth 

How much Sessions have grown from the same day last month. 

Score is based on median in niche. 0-100 

ABR 

Adjusted Bounce 

Rate 

Number of users that leave the page within 30 seconds of visiting 

it. Score is based on median in niche. 0-100 

SSR Social Share Rate 

% of social shares that the site receives relative to session count. 

Based on median in niche. 0-100 

CoR Comment Rate 

Number of comments a sit recevies relative to session count. 

Based on median in niche. 0-100 

CUPM 

New Content Units 

Per Month 

The number of units of content that a site publishes over the last 

30 days. Based on median in niche. 0-100 

BSS Base Site Score 

The site score based on global site metrics. BSS = 

(SD+PVS+G+ABR+SSR+CoR+CoPM)/7 0-100 

    

App Score    



24  

 

AU App Used Is App used by publisher 0= No / 1 = Yes 

AER 

App Engagement 

Rate The % of people that see an ad unit that interact with it 0-100 

AUR 

Push Unsubscribe 

Rate 

The % of people that unsubscribe from push notifications from a 

publisher 0-100 

ASR App Signup Rate 

% of Unique Visitors that signup to engage with publisher using 

App 0-100 

ASCR App Score ASCR = AU*((AER*(100-AUR)*ASR)/100^3) 0-100 

TAU Total Apps Used Total Number of Apps Used by Publisher 0-Total Apps 

    

True Fan 

Score    

TFS True Fan Score 

% of visitors that are subscribed to every channel a publisher 

markets on. ((AU1*ASCR1)+(AU2*ASCR2))/TAU 0-100 

    

Kind Ads 

Score    

KAS Kind Ads Score A score that ranks the quality of a publisher's audience from 1-

100 (1 being worst). KAS = (BSS+(ASCR+TFS)/2)/2 

0-100 

 

 

  



25  

 

Appendix 4: Digital Advertising Market Overview 
 

The total revenue for digital advertising market in the U.S. is $98bn USD. 

● https://www.statista.com/outlook/216/109/digital-advertising/united-states# 

 

The total revenue is expected to increase to $116bn in the U.S. by 2021  

● https://www.statista.com/outlook/216/109/digital-advertising/united-states#market-revenue 

 

Global digital ad market (spending) reached $209bn 2017. 

● https://www.recode.net/2017/12/4/16733460/2017-digital-ad-spend-advertising-beat-tv  

 

 
 

● Search advertising composes ⅓ of the total U.S. digital advertising revenue. The market's largest segment is 

the segment "Search Advertising" with a market volume of US$36,099m in 2017.  

○ https://www.statista.com/outlook/216/109/digital-advertising/united-states# 

 

 

https://www.statista.com/outlook/216/109/digital-advertising/united-states
https://www.statista.com/outlook/216/109/digital-advertising/united-states#market-revenue
https://www.recode.net/2017/12/4/16733460/2017-digital-ad-spend-advertising-beat-tv
https://www.statista.com/outlook/216/109/digital-advertising/united-states


26  

 

 

Key Market Drivers 

Transition to Mobile Market Share 

● 48% of consumers start mobile research with a search engine --but 33% go directly to the site they want. 

(Smart Insights) 

● Mobile advertising is projected to outpace desktop digital ad revenue by 2021 (61% mobile/39% desktop). 

Current stats are: 53% mobile/47% desktop). 

○ Underlying reason? Millennials and Gen Z are more likely to use mobile devices for daily 

browsing, use of apps, etc. 

 
○ Gen Z’ers are expected to compose 40% of total consumers by 2020. 



27  

 

■ http://www.adweek.com/digital/josh-perlstein-response-media-guest-post-

generation-z/ 

● Key takeaway from Gen Z: “Don’t create ads -- create value” 

● If you think the millennial generation has an effective filter for promotional 

content, multiply that tenfold for the Gen Z demographic. 

● Gen Zers are the first generation that has never known life without easy Internet 

access and mobile technology. As a result, they are the most technologically 

fluent generation thus far, and they recognize the value of their attention. They 

don’t sit through ads. They don’t give heavily sponsored content the time of day. 

What they’re looking for is value. 

● They want resources, channels and profiles that give them what they’re looking 

for, whether that is entertainment, knowledge or tutorials. If you put too many 

gates in front of them, they won’t even bother complaining. They’ll just move 

on and find the next great resource. 

● https://www.forbes.com/sites/deeppatel/2017/05/01/10-tips-for-marketing-to-

gen-z-consumers/#6dbf43cd3c50 

 

Google and Facebook Dominate Digital Advertising 

 

● Google is currently worth 700 billion dollars and Facebook is worth 500 billion dollars.  

Google 

● Google’s digital ad revenue as a percentage of total digital advertising revenue worldwide: 2017: 33%; it’s 

expected to decrease only slightly.  

● Since search advertising is the greater source for digital ad revenue and Google is most widely used search 

engine, it’s logical to infer that they receive the largest share of the digital advertising revenue.  

● Over the last quarter Google and Facebook generated a combined total of $38 billion dollars in revenue. Do 

you know what makes up the majority of their revenue?  

 

http://www.adweek.com/digital/josh-perlstein-response-media-guest-post-generation-z/
http://www.adweek.com/digital/josh-perlstein-response-media-guest-post-generation-z/
https://www.forbes.com/sites/deeppatel/2017/05/01/10-tips-for-marketing-to-gen-z-consumers/#6dbf43cd3c50
https://www.forbes.com/sites/deeppatel/2017/05/01/10-tips-for-marketing-to-gen-z-consumers/#6dbf43cd3c50
https://finance.google.com/finance?q=goog&ei=XbD7WfnILsPv2AbEoK3ICg
https://finance.google.com/finance?q=goog&ei=XbD7WfnILsPv2AbEoK3ICg
https://finance.google.com/finance?q=NASDAQ:FB
https://finance.google.com/finance?q=NASDAQ:FB


28  

 

 
 

Facebook 

● Facebook is the most famous social network site in the world as of 2017. Given their widespread consumer 

base, it’s not surprising that they generate billions of dollars of ad revenue through a captive audience.  

● Mobile ad revenue is now 88% of FB’s total advertising revenue.  

○ https://investor.fb.com/investor-news/press-release-details/2017/Facebook-Reports-third-Quarter-

2017-Results/default.aspx 

● FB announced that they are running out of ad space: https://techcrunch.com/2017/11/01/facebook-q3-2017-

earnings/ 

● They are looking to shift their focus to “building sustainable ad revenue” through a sharing business model 

that pays professional creators to bring content to FB. 

○ https://techcrunch.com/2017/02/01/facebook-q4-2016-earnings/ 

● Worldwide, FB earns an average of $4.97 in advertising revenue per user annually. In Q2 of 2017, FB 

reported advertising revenue of $9.16 billion: 

○ http://www.adweek.com/digital/facebook-raked-in-9-16-billion-in-ad-revenue-in-the-second-

quarter-of-2017/ 

● In Q3 of 2017, FB raked in over 10bn in ad revenue x 88% = 8.92bn. 

○ https://investor.fb.com/investor-news/press-release-details/2017/Facebook-Reports-third-Quarter-

2017-Results/default.aspx 

 

 

https://investor.fb.com/investor-news/press-release-details/2017/Facebook-Reports-third-Quarter-2017-Results/default.aspx
https://investor.fb.com/investor-news/press-release-details/2017/Facebook-Reports-third-Quarter-2017-Results/default.aspx
https://techcrunch.com/2017/11/01/facebook-q3-2017-earnings/
https://techcrunch.com/2017/11/01/facebook-q3-2017-earnings/
https://techcrunch.com/2017/02/01/facebook-q4-2016-earnings/
http://www.adweek.com/digital/facebook-raked-in-9-16-billion-in-ad-revenue-in-the-second-quarter-of-2017/
http://www.adweek.com/digital/facebook-raked-in-9-16-billion-in-ad-revenue-in-the-second-quarter-of-2017/
https://investor.fb.com/investor-news/press-release-details/2017/Facebook-Reports-third-Quarter-2017-Results/default.aspx
https://investor.fb.com/investor-news/press-release-details/2017/Facebook-Reports-third-Quarter-2017-Results/default.aspx


29  

 

Like many industries, monopolies thrive in online advertising 

 

● Monopolies like Google and Facebook do well for 2 reasons: 

 

○ They collect and hoard a treasure trove of data about users and content creators (publishers).  This 

includes things like are people who like coffee more or less likely to like tennis? Or which are the 

most trusted publishers in the personal finance space 

 

○ Google and Facebook make it easy for any business to purchase ads at scale.  As an example, a 

brand like Coca Cola spends $3.3bn/year in ads (of course not all of that spend online).  Google 

and Facebook hire thousands of ad sales representatives to help brands like Coca Cola (and even 

smaller firms like your local real estate agent) spend money on their platforms 

Email, Organic Search, and SMM  

Social Media Marketing, SEO through Organic Search, and Email are the most effective digital advertising 

channels. 

○ http://www.marketingprofs.com/charts/2017/31304/the-most-effective-digital-channels-to-

include-in-2017-marketing-plans 

○ https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/44-experts-reveal-the-best-digital-marketing-channels-

of-2017/511362/ 

○ https://blog.kissmetrics.com/marketing-channels-2017/ 

 

○  
 

● The worst kept secret in online publishing is the fact that the most effective, reliable way of driving traffic 

(and conversions) is by building a following - whether that is via email, push notifications, or otherwise. 

Publishers also know first hand that having a direct line of communication with a subscriber is much more 

valuable than just having a visitor to a single page on their sites. That’s why so many publishers attempt to 

http://www.marketingprofs.com/charts/2017/31304/the-most-effective-digital-channels-to-include-in-2017-marketing-plans
http://www.marketingprofs.com/charts/2017/31304/the-most-effective-digital-channels-to-include-in-2017-marketing-plans
https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/44-experts-reveal-the-best-digital-marketing-channels-of-2017/511362/
https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/44-experts-reveal-the-best-digital-marketing-channels-of-2017/511362/
https://blog.kissmetrics.com/marketing-channels-2017/


30  

 

convert visitors to subscribers - because in the long run, each subscriber is going to be worth 

substantially more than a typical visitor because a subscriber has opted in to a direct line of 

communication 

Problems within the Digital Advertising Marketplace 

Consumers Dislike Mobile Ads 

● 70% of people report disliking mobile ads 

● Why People Block Ads: https://research.hubspot.com/reports/why-people-block-ads-and-what-it-means-

for-marketers-and-

advertisers?__hstc=191390709.ff916a33ae80b9d55316ebebab83a37d.1512872070609.1512872070609.15

12872070609.1&__hssc=191390709.1.1512872070609&__hsfp=2141839581 

 

 

 

 

https://research.hubspot.com/reports/why-people-block-ads-and-what-it-means-for-marketers-and-advertisers?__hstc=191390709.ff916a33ae80b9d55316ebebab83a37d.1512872070609.1512872070609.1512872070609.1&__hssc=191390709.1.1512872070609&__hsfp=2141839581
https://research.hubspot.com/reports/why-people-block-ads-and-what-it-means-for-marketers-and-advertisers?__hstc=191390709.ff916a33ae80b9d55316ebebab83a37d.1512872070609.1512872070609.1512872070609.1&__hssc=191390709.1.1512872070609&__hsfp=2141839581
https://research.hubspot.com/reports/why-people-block-ads-and-what-it-means-for-marketers-and-advertisers?__hstc=191390709.ff916a33ae80b9d55316ebebab83a37d.1512872070609.1512872070609.1512872070609.1&__hssc=191390709.1.1512872070609&__hsfp=2141839581
https://research.hubspot.com/reports/why-people-block-ads-and-what-it-means-for-marketers-and-advertisers?__hstc=191390709.ff916a33ae80b9d55316ebebab83a37d.1512872070609.1512872070609.1512872070609.1&__hssc=191390709.1.1512872070609&__hsfp=2141839581

	Executive Summary
	The Problem
	Technology Overview
	Team and Advisors
	Founding Kind Ads Team
	Product Roadmap
	Appendix 1: Reward Pool Formulas
	Appendix 3: Kind Ads Scores
	Appendix 4: Digital Advertising Market Overview
	Key Market Drivers
	Transition to Mobile Market Share
	Google and Facebook Dominate Digital Advertising
	Google
	Facebook

	Email, Organic Search, and SMM


	Problems within the Digital Advertising Marketplace
	Consumers Dislike Mobile Ads


