













































Lamden: a framework for the rapid 
development and deployment of 
blockchain technologies.

Stuart Farmer, Mario Hernandez†, 
and James Munsch‡ The Lamden 
Project, White Paper version 0.1.2 
September 4, 2017



©2017 LAMDEN, All Rights Reserved.

Abstract
Blockchain application development is unnecessarily hard, partially because of how new the 
technology is, but also because of certain imposed limitations on the current status quo of 
how blockchains are used today. In this paper, we discuss the problems with current blockchain 
implementations and a solution to these problems. We introduce Lamden: a software package 
of development tools that includes a blockchain generator, community collaboration tools, and 
independent chain-to-chain communication to create vast networks of blockchain applications 
that can transfer any asset across them.

Keywords: decentralization, cryptocurrency, distributed systems.
stuart@lamden.io † mario@lamden.io ‡ james@lamden.io



©2017 LAMDEN, All Rights Reserved.

Motivation
	 In	the	past	several	years,	we	have	seen	an	influx	of	blockchain	technologies	hit-	ting	the	market.	These	technologies	
are	touted	as	a	means	to	an	end	of	the	centralized	banking	and	financial	systems.	However,	these	blockchains	rely	on	
flawed	systems	that	do	not	take	into	account	the	application	of	said	technologies	into	the	current	infrastructure	space.	As	
a	result,	blockchain	technology	is	seg-	regated	from	the	mainstream	financial	systems,	and	thus	is	ironically	hindered	by	
achieving its end goal.
   The Lamden Project is an effort to create software development tools that increase the mass adoption of blockchain 
technology so infrastructure can revo- lutionize the market systems and cause realistic innovation within the markets.Laid 
out in this white paper is our critiques of the current state of the markets, and how we plan on improving this space.

Problems with Current Blockchain Implementations
	 There	are	many	fundamental	flaws	with	the	blockchain	architecture	that	prevent	it	from	becoming	a	mainstream	
technology.	These	flaws	exist	on	both	the	user’s	side	as	well	as	the	developer/service	provider’s	side.	Laid	out	are	the	
areas in which we improve upon the current blockchain implementations with this pro ject.

Transaction Fees
	 Firstly,	let’s	take	a	look	at	the	problem	with	transaction	fees	from	an	end	user	standpoint.	The	key	to	success	in	
the	crypto	space	is	mass	adoption	of	Bitcoin	in	the	international	market.	As	it	stands	at	this	time	of	writing,	the	average	
transaction fee for a Bitcoin transaction is at around 6%1. Compared to centralized systems such as PayPal2, Mastercard3, 
and Visa4,	Bitcoin	is	actually	about	twice	as	expensive.
	 	 It	should	be	noted	the	fundamentals	of	cryptocurrency	are	why	users	feel	justified	with	this	discrepancy.	The	
decentralized	nature	of	ownership	outweighs	the	additional	costs.	However,	on	a	macroeconomic	scale,	cost	efficiency	
will outweigh fundamental allure.

“But what about Ethereum? Their transaction fees are only 0.3%!”

   While this is true, the Ethereum blockchain was not designed as a transfer of value network5 like Bitcoin was, but 
rather a smart contracts network to enable trustless and decentralized software systems. We have to remember that 
users instead pay for the number of operations that occur on the chain and that this number of operations continues to 
increase	as	more	and	more	compli-	cated	smart	contracts	are	deployed.	A	major	selling	point	of	Ethereum	was	the	ability	
to	add	smart	contracts	as	‘libraries’	that	function	in	the	same	way	as	frameworks	in	other	software	development	stacks	
which is to automate opera- tions and processes so users do not have to rewrite them over and over again. Thus, we can 
safely	assume	that	over	time,	as	more	complex	smart	contracts	are	made	and	more	libraries	are	integrated,	the	cost	of	
interacting with the main Ethereum blockchain. This mechanism by charging developers on operations disincentivizes 
innovation	and	complex	smart	contract	systems	that	Ethereum	needs	to	be	a	long	term	success.

SERVICE NAME          AVERAGE TRANSACTION COST               PAYING PARTY

 

Table 1: Various payment services and their transaction costs.

Bitcoin 1

PayPal 2

Visa 4

Mastercard 3

Strip 6

~6% (variable)

2.9% + $0.30

Based on merchant type. As low as 
0.20% for utility payment, to as high as 
1.50% for standard merchants.

Based on merchant type. As low as 
0.00% + $0.65 for utility payment, to 
as high as 2.95% + $0.10 for standard 
merchants.

2.9% + $0.30

Sender

Receiver

Receiver

Receiver

Receiver



©2017 LAMDEN, All Rights Reserved.

Bloated Chains
 Carrying on with the Ethereum model, because the ledger is public, anyone can deploy whatever smart contracts 
they’d	like.	As	a	result,	even	though	the	blockchain	is	only	two	years	old,	the	size	of	a	full	node	is	242GB7, which is even 
larger	than	the	current	size	of	a	Bitcoin	full	node	which	is	around	152GB8. Having to install a full node, or at least a light 
chain	which	is	still	around	20Gb	of	data,	is	a	hefty	barrier	of	entry	for	someone	who	just	wants	to	dabble	in	smart	contract	
development.
   Compare the time it takes to fully sync a node with the time it takes to install Python, Node.js, or any other programming 
environment to start poking around. The inconvenience and download size alone are unfeasible to most devel- opers and 
companies, let alone the average user who is curious about blockchain technology.

Transactions per Second (Scalability)
 Modern blockchains have a notoriously low throughput rate which causes transaction times to be slow, and a backlog 
of pending transactions to pile up.	This	is	an	unacceptable	replacement	for	the	current	financial	systems	that	process	
millions of transactions per day.
	 	 	For	example,	Bitcoin	has	a	throughput	rate	of	3	transactions	per	second.	Likewise,	Ethereum	boasts	a	mere	15	
transactions per second9. In comparison, PayPal released a case study in May of 2015 where they were able to create a 
system throughput rate of over a billion transactions a day. That translates to about 11,600 transactions per second10.
	 	 	This	disincentivizes	enterprises	that	deal	with	assets	in	a	traditional	high	throughput	database	structure	to	sacrifice	
capacity	for	the	benefits	of	high	record	maintenance.

Mining and Resource Efficiency
	 Another	barrier	towards	mass	adoption	is	the	arbitrary	hashing	functions	that	mining	rigs	perform	to	‘prove	work.’	
These machines take up massive amounts of resources in energy costs that make no sense to the standard enter- prise 
user. Whereas this is an approach to distributing tokens and coins on a main chain, it does not translate to the business 
setting	where	capital	resources	are	optimized.	Inefficient	processing	makes	no	sense	to	the	modern	business,	and	thus	
these types of pointless hashing functions are impeding widespread adoption.

Integration and Adoption
 Blockchain software is very new and the human capital resources are scarce. It requires a very highly technical and 
specialized individual to consult and develop for blockchain applications. Compared to other database types in a corporate 
setting,	setting	up	a	blockchain	is	time	consuming	and	expensive.
  Whereas most modern database systems follow a similar development and deployment paradigm, blockchains are 
so fundamentally different that there is currently not a solution in place to transforming the development process into 
something that resembles other database systems on the market.
  Furthermore, development environments, package managers, testing suites, continuous integration environment, etc. 
which	exist	for	nearly	every	other	tech	stack	in	existence	do	not	exist	for	blockchain	software.	This	prevents	organizations	
from	integrating	this	technology	into	their	current	workflow.

Migration, Upgrades, and Future Proofing
 For many interested in blockchain technologies for their enterprises or busi- nesses, the lack of ability to migrate data 
to a new chain, or to upgrade at a time that is best for a business is a pitfall. Those interested in mainchain and public ledger 
systems are reliant on foundations to release new code or the decentralised community where there is little authority 
or certainty to the out- come. Furthermore, trying out different systems to see what works best for an organization is 
cumbersome.

3. The Solution
 The Lamden Project proposes the creation of a suite of development tools that allows rapid development and 
deployment of private blockchain systems that mimics the modern development process featured in such tech stacks as 
Node.js	or	Python	which	provide	a	plethora	of	easy	to	use	tools,	extensive	and	robust	documentation,	and	vastly	popular	
support communities.
  



©2017 LAMDEN, All Rights Reserved.

 The project is broken up into three sections, Saffron, Flora, and Clove, which each add a layer to end goal of providing 
hyperfast	blockchains	for	developer	to	test,	experiment,	and	deploy	across	a	network	of	other	blockchain	systems.
  Saffron is the generator tool to deploy private chains on an internal network without any hassle. Flora is a central 
repository for smart contract packages and templates, private chain naming services, and blockchain discovery. Clove 
is the network that handles payment channel swap processes between chains and facilitates communication between 
blockchain apps on the network in a way that remains trustless and decentralized.

Saffron: A Generator Tool
 Instead of having a single mainnet which suffers from the problems men- tioned above, breaking up blockchains into 
individual use cases and having them interact with each other when needed solves many problems with low blockchain 
adoption	rate.	For	example,	an	organization	would	have	their	own	blockchain	for	their	own	web	app.	This	allows	them	to	
have complete control over the technology that they use as well as dedicating their own computing resources to running 
that	blockchain,	rather	than	wasting	effort	on	a	main	chain.	Further-	more,	‘gas’	in	the	case	of	an	Ethereum	chain	can	be	
eliminated	and	the	difficulty	of	a	network	can	be	turned	down	to	a	more	reasonable	level,	thus	enabling	free	transactions	
across their application. This makes a blockchain act more like a web server than a traditional chain and can then be used 
to	replace	and	upgrade	existing	database	structures	internally.

Motivation for Independent Consensus
 What makes blockchain technology work is the fact that miners are inde- pendent actors that verify transactions that 
occur so it is near impossible to inject false information into the chain. However, in traditional settings, min- ers are rewarded 
in cryptocurrency from transaction fees. Because transactions are free on the Lamden protocol, a different rewarding 
mechanism	must	be	in-	stilled	so	that	miners	are	still	motivated	to	provide	independent	verification	of	transactions11.
   It is possible to create proof-of-work, proof-of-stake, and any other rewarding schemes by using smart contracts. In this 
way, a smart contract can be called upon to calculate the reward and recipient, and reward any type of asset on the chain. 
Instead of just the native currency of the chain (which is initially Ether), ERC20 tokens or novel cryptoasset implementations 
can	be	rewarded	as	well,	providing	even	more	customization	to	private	chains.	And	because	transactions	and	gas	is	free	
on	the	networks,	calling	a	contract	one	a	block,	for	example,	is	not	expensive.

pragma solidity ̂ 0.4.15;

contract RewardedAsset {
    string public constant symbol = “AU”;
    string public constant name = “Digital Gold”;
    uint8 public constant decimals = 0;
    uint256 _totalSupply = 1000000000;
    uint8 public reward = 10;
    uint256 lastBlock;
   
 address public owner;
    mapping(address => uint256) balances;
    mapping(address => mapping (address => uint256)) allowed;
  
  function disperseRewards (bool success) onlyOwner() {
       if (lastBlock < block.number) {
           _totalSupply += reward;
           balances[block.coinbase] += reward;
           lastBlock = block.number;

Listing	1:	Example	of	a	simple	proof-of-work	contract	that	could	be	deployed	on	a	chain	to	simulate	classical	proof-of-work.



©2017 LAMDEN, All Rights Reserved.

Generator Tool
 Saffron is taking design queues from other package management CLI (Command-Line Interface) tools such as pip12, 
yeoman13, and npm14	to	gener-	ate	private	blockchains	as	their	own	development	projects.	Generation	through	the	CLI	
took	is	as	simple	as	‘saffron	init’.	Through	this	CLI	application,	you	will	be	able	to	interact	with	the	chain	in	a	simplified	API	
that	abstracts	most	of	the	complexities	of	blockchain	technologies	from	you.
   The initial blockchain technology that we are implementing is Ethereum, and so developers will be able to initialize 
these	chains,	create	accounts,	mine	blocks,	and	deploy	contracts	in	a	sub-processed	instance	of	geth,	Ethereum’s	client	
written	in	Go.
   By abstracting the main interaction components away from geth into a CLI tool, we are able to then provide a RESTful 
API	service	for	interacting	with	these	private	chains.	A	RESTful	API	allows	for	blockchains	to	be	interacted	with	across	the	
Internet in any programming language interface. If a programming language supports HTTP requests, they will be able 
to interact with Lamden generated private chains. This allows integration into any tech stack, and allows us to create drop 
in	libraries	for	many	modern	language	frameworks	such	as	Swift	for	iOS	development,	Java	for	Android	development,	
and even embedded C for Internet of Things applications.
	 	 	Furthermore,	Saffron	will	provide	a	local	server	with	an	Ethereum	blockchain	explorer	that	can	be	public	facing	so	
that the wider community can monitor and see the activity occurring on the chain.
	 	 	A	web	service	to	manage	the	chain	from	a	graphical	web	interface	similar	to	Parse	will	also	be	included	out	of	the	
box.
	 	 	Optionally	deployable	instances	of	IPFS	/	IPNS	and	Tor.
 
Deployment
	 After	the	development	of	a	private	chain,	an	organization	will	want	to	pack-	age	and	deploy	that	in	a	way	that	can	
integrate	into	their	internal	technical	stacks.	To	do	this,	Saffron	will	export	Docker	files	for	quick	deployment.

Architecture
 Beyond creating a private chain instance, Saffron contains the necessary methods needed to accept payment channel 
transactions and interact with the larger Lamden chain. Thus, Saffron should be thought of as a type of interface. Each 
Lamden Wrapper instance must adequately conform to a set of monitor- ing and interaction protocols to guarantee that 
the	chain	is	trustless	and	that	transactions	can	be	independently	confirmed.
   If Saffron component can achieve these functionalities, then the internal blockchain driver does not have to be 
based off of Ethereum. Into the future, Saffron will support arbitrary blockchain technologies such as Bitcoin, Litecoin, 
Zcash, Monero, Neo, Tezos, Eos, and more as long as they can support pay- ment channels in a trustless fashion. Even 
novel blockchain technologies that adhere to the wrapper protocol will be supported, creating a completely custom 
blockchain-to-blockchain interfacing network.
	 	 	 The	Wrapper	will	ultimately	support	any	blockchain	technology	as	long	as	it	adheres	to	certain	specifications	so	that	
it	can	interact	with	Clove.	This	future-	proofs	the	Lamden	system	so	that	no	matter	what	technologies	exist	in	the	future,	
there will always be a network to interact with them. This also solves the problem of blockchain migration, as businesses, 
enterprises, and applications can upgrade to the latest blockchain projects and technology as they come out to keep 
ahead of the competition.

Flora: Decentralized Package Manager and Public Repositories
	 Apart	from	simple	blockchain	generation,	the	main	driver	of	technology	adoption	is	not	the	base	use	cases	of	the	
core tech, but rather the surround- ing communities and feature-sets built by them. You can see this with the Ethereum 
community, and more with newer smart contract systems that are starting to spur innovation. Their cryptocurrency 
mechanisms are not what sets them apart from Bitcoin or Litecoin. Instead it is the development commu- nity surrounding 
and developing smart contract applications that affords wider adoption 15 .
   Similarly, package repositories that allow users to pull in packages from the wider community, comment on them, and 
even	develop	for	them	solidifies	a	base	of	intellectual	capital	that	leads	to	the	success	of	the	project	and	greater	innovation	
in	the	field.
   The purpose of Flora is to host a decentralized package repository, namespace system, and discovery tool so that 
developers	of	Lamden	chains	can	connect	with	other	developers,	play	off	each	other’s	innovations,	and	lead	to	a	greater	
state of cryptocurrency.



©2017 LAMDEN, All Rights Reserved.

Public Package Manager

pragma solidity ̂ {{solidity_version}};

contract {{contract_name}}   {
    string public constant symbol = “{{symbol}}”;
    string public constant name = “{{asset_name}}”;
    uint8 public constant decimals = 18;
    uint256 _totalSupply = {{total_supply}};
   
   address public owner;
    mapping(address => uint256) balances;
    mapping(address => mapping (address => uint256)) allowed;

...

{
    ’solidity_version’:’0.4.15’,
    ’contract_name’:’Testcoin’,
    ’symbol’:’TST’,
    ’asset_name’:’Testcoin’,
    ’total_supply’:’1000000’
}

Listing	2:	Example	of	a	Solidity	Template	for	ERC20	tokens	with	corresponding	JSON	input.	Installation	of	such	contract	
would	be	accomplished	via	‘flora	install	erc20	–args’,	or	from	Saffron	administration	panel.

   Like other development suites, Lamden has the ability to create smart con- tract packages. Using a macro templating 
system, we are able to abstract com- mon Solidity contract types such as ERC20 tokens, Ethereum Name Services, and 
the	Etherdelta	decentralized	exchange,	package	them	up	into	contracts	that	only	take	a	set	of	arguments,	and	allow	
deployment	across	private	chains	in	as	simple	as	a	manner	of	running	‘hpm	install	ens’	from	a	CLI	console,	or	sending	an	
API	request	to	do	the	same	through	the	administrative	dashboard	included	in	Saffron.	This	takes	the	headaches	out	of	
redeploying	commonly	used	smart	contracts,	and	allows	the	packaging	of	highly	complex	smart	applications	for	quick	
distribution.  
	 	 	As	more	blockchains	are	added	to	the	Wrapper,	support	for	their	contract	languages	will	be	added	to	the	Hub	as	
well.	Developers	can	upload	their	own	contracts	to	support	the	community.	Interaction	with	the	Hub	will	be	over	the	
Interplanetary File System (IPFS) so that all services remain distributed and decentralized.

Name Directory Service
	 Chains	will	have	to	communicate	with	one	another	to	execute	payment	chan-	nels.	To	do	this,	a	naming	service	must	be	
implemented. This naming service assigns a common name and a key pair to each chain so that other chains can discover 
them and sign transaction requests to them.
   Furthermore, users will be able to search and discover new blockchain appli- cations. These are private chains 
developed	with	Saffron	that	have	connected	to	Clove.	Each	of	these	chains	will	be	able	to	register	for	a	name	and	fill	out	
a	profile	about	their	service	which	can	include	links	to	marketing	sites,	connec-	tion	information	for	miners,	and	anything	
else that would lead users to more valuable information about their service. That name will be used to locate and send 
information to through Clove for payment transactions, interaction with the chains, and the general use of the native 
Lamden token.
	 	 	We	have	also	been	exploring	options	in	using	the	Token	for	other	developers	to	be	able	to	register	their	modules	to	
which usage metrics could generate token liquidity between members of the developer community.



©2017 LAMDEN, All Rights Reserved.

Clove: Anonymous Router Enabling Chain-To-Chain Interfacing
 The main technological feat of the Lamden Project is its cryptographic ledger and routing system that connects 
private chains together. By instead of recreat- ing an entirely new chain and instead shifting focus towards distributed 
private	chains	only	tied	together	by	a	routing	infrastructure,	we	can	avoid	blockchain	bloat,	the	need	to	‘sync’	with	the	
network before interacting with it, increas- ing transaction costs, and guarantee a future-proof platform that will last years 
regardless of the further improvements upon general blockchain technology.

Routing
 Clove is primarily the infrastructure that links private chains together over a common protocol, much like a telephone 
network. The Ledger takes care of interaction between all chains and provides a common set of interface op- tions to that 
chains can be treated the same ways in computer programming environments and platforms for further integration away 
from Flora.
	 	 	A	main	value	add	of	Clove	is	the	absence	of	transaction	fees.	In	exchange	for	the	benefits	of	connection	to	Flora	and	
exposing	a	private	chain	to	the	wider	community	which	increases	public	adoption,	a	private	chain	dedicates	a	certain	
amount	of	computing	power	to	the	ledger	overall.	Because	the	ledger	is	absent	of	difficult	hashing	functions,	and	serves	
merely as an intermediary to process packets of information between chains. The computing load to connect and serve 
information is comparable to a modern day web server rather than a standard blockchain miner16. Blockchain application 
providers	expose	a	single	public	entry	point	onto	the	IPFS	and	distributed	computing	cluster	for	incoming	transactions,	
and connect to the public Ledger node for outgoing transactions.

Payment Channels for Cross-Chain Transactions
	 While	retaining	a	trustless	and	decentralized	system,	it	is	required	for	a	sys-	tem	of	cross-chain	payments	to	exist	
so that blockchain applications can interact with each other freely. This is the main draw of Clove. To do so, the Ledger 
implements Lightning Network17	inspired	payment	channels	to	provide	a	secure	and	decentralized	method	of	exchanging	
funds across blockchains. Transactions initiate from private chains, and utilize the Ledger as a public service for man- aging 
secure and guaranteed remittance of funds from chain to chain.
	 	 	The	Ledger	is	a	public	service	that	distributes	the	work	of	smart	contract	deployment	and	identity	verification	for	
chain to chain transfers between par- ticipants connected to the main network. Private chains are free to implement their 
own	methods	by	which	to	transfer	funds	to	each	other,	but	the	public	Ledger	is	verifiable	by	consensus	of	participants	on	
the wider network18, thus providing a stronger sense of trust to cross chain transactions.
   Payment channels are represented in pure Solidity smart contract code that run on each private blockchain. When 
a user wants to initiate a swap, they send a request both Clove service and the chain they want to swap with outlining the 
terms	of	their	expected	transfer.	The	request	is	comprised	of	the	sender	and	receiver	address	on	both	chains,	as	well	as	
the	value	of	the	asset	being	swapped.	For	example,	a	payload	would	look	like	this:

{
    Private-chain-1 : {
       Sender-address : 0x000,
       Receiver-address: 0x000,
       Amount: 100,
       Token-contract-address (optional): 0x000
    }
    Private-chain-2 : {
 } }
Sender-address : 0x000,
Amount: 1000,
Token-contract-address (optional): 0x000

Listing	3:	Example	of	the	payload	from	a	payment	channel.
  
  



©2017 LAMDEN, All Rights Reserved.

When the computing cluster receives this payload, the cluster will compile the Solidity contract code into bytecode that 
must	be	deployed	onto	each	chain	within	the	next	block.	The	opposing	chains’	bytecodes	are	sent	to	each	other	and	signed	
with	a	public	identifier	key	so	that	they	can	independently	verify	that	the	correct	contract	code	was	indeed	deployed	in	
the	next	block	on	the	chain.

Figure	1:	Alice	initiates	a	swap	by	sending	a	message	to	the	Ledger.	The	Ledger	then	takes	the	swap	requirements	and	
compiles them into Solidity bytecode to be deployed on each chain.

Figure	2:	The	bytecode	is	signed	with	each	chain’s	public	key	and	sent	to	both	parties.	Alice	deploys	their	contract.	Bob	
keeps a copy to verify later.

Figure 3: The same occurs for Bob.
   



©2017 LAMDEN, All Rights Reserved.

Figure	4:	Assuming	that	this	is	an	agreeable	swap,	both	chains	deploy	the	contract,	and	check	to	see	if	the	other	party	
has done the same by searching for the bytecode on the latest block. If this has not occurred, the chain does not have to 
follow through with any obligations, and the transaction reverts without loss of funds.

  If the originator chain fails to deploy their contract while the recipient chain follows through, the contract on the 
recipient	chain	will	self-destruct	and	remit	funds	back	to	their	account.	On	the	flip	side,	if	the	originator	sets	up	a	contract,	
but the recipient does not agree to the terms, the originators contract will be destroyed they will receive their locked up 
funds.
	 	 Assuming	that	both	parties	are	interested	pursuing	the	swap,	they	must	then	follow	through	with	the	agreed	upon	
obligations	on	each	others’	chains,	which	executes	the	payment	channel	regularly19.
	 	 To	make	sure	that	the	payments	have	been	sent	through	in	a	timely	fashion,	each	chain	can	‘ping’	their	contracts	which	
invokes a time-lock method20. If the contract is too many blocks behind the agreed upon time-lock, it is assumed that the 
other	party	is	not	going	to	finalize	the	payment	channel,	and	the	contract	is	destroyed.	This	incentives	the	opposing	party	
to follow through with their obligations because they risk losing their funds. It also incentives the originator to ping their 
contract as soon as possible, because in the situation where the originator has received funds on the opposing chain but 
not	on	their	chain,	they	can	remit	their	funds	back	to	themselves	and	in	effect	have	gained	‘free’	assets	on	the	opposing	
chain	because	the	time-lock	had	expired	on	their	own	to	claim	the	assets.

Figure	5:	Alice’s	best	economic	option	is	to	submit	the	funds	and	resolve	their	own	contract	as	soon	as	possible,	because	
if	Bob	acts	before	them,	Alice	will	lose	funds.	Inversely,	Alice	could	also	profit	if	Bob	decided	not	to	redeem	their	funds.	
So	it	is	also	in	Alice’s	best	interest	to	resolve	their	contract	as	soon	as	possible
 
 

Figure 6: The best case scenario for both parties, therefore, is to resolve the payment channel on the opposing chain, and 
resolve	the	contract	on	their	own	chain	as	soon	as	possible.	By	adding	economic	incentive	to	do	this,	the	network	benefits	
from quick chain-to-chain transfers.



©2017 LAMDEN, All Rights Reserved.

4. Example Workflow
	 Firstly,	you	will	install	Saffron	tool	designed	for	developing	blockchains.	You	will	run	‘saffron	init’	inside	of	a	project	
directory	and	generate	a	chain.	From	there,	you’ll	install	the	packages	you	need	for	your	application	using	Flora,	or	our	
package	manager	named	‘textttflora.’	Let’s	say	you	want	to	add	a	new	ERC20	asset.	Run	‘flora	install	erc20’	inside	of	the	
project	directory,	and	a	new	token	will	be	generated.	To	deploy	the	contracts	to	the	chain,	run	‘saffron	start’,	and	then	
‘saffron	deploy	all’.
   From there, you can access the administrative dashboard if you want to graphically interact with your blockchain. You 
can	install	packages	from	here,	add	accounts,	see	transactions,	etc.	etc.	much	like	Etherscan	or	another	block	explorer	
software.	You	will	also	have	Remix	and	other	smart	contract	develop-	ment	tools	here	as	well.
   From this backend, you can upload new contracts that you develop to Flora. You can also connect your chain to 
Clove to interact with other blockchain ap- plications. To do this, you will host an IPFS node and connect to the distributed 
computing cluster as a server. You can then interact with other independant blockchains as a user, or to intiate chain-to-
chain	swaps.	You	can	initiate	swaps	with	the	native	Boson	token	out	of	the	box	with	all	blockchains.
   Now, you can integrate your other software on top of the blockchain such as a public facing user interface, automatic 
transfers between chains, smart contract interaction, and even interacting with custom contracts that you deploy on other 
chains	on	Clove.	All	is	possible	with	the	Lamden	Project.

Maintaining Distributed and Trustless System Architecture
 While private chains on Lamden are built off of Ethereum which is a dis- tributed and trustless protocol, the rest of 
the Lamden systems could be de- veloped using standard centralized server-client architecture. However, while this is 
potentially	an	easier	method	of	execution,	standard	HTTP	protocol	is	vulnerable	to	DDOS	attacks,	server	failure,	and	
centralized	ownership	of	data	that	sacrifices	the	rights	of	the	collaborators	of	the	project21.
   Thus, the project will be deployed upon the IPFS protocol to establish a true peer to peer system that is distributed 
and trustless.

Lamden Tau, an agnostic digital asset
 While payment channels across private chains will help facilitate app-to-app communication, there should also be 
away for users who are involved in the Lamden Project apart from a chain host or developer to easily participate and use 
the	blockchain	applications	on	Flora.	Thus,	we	propose	an	agnostic	utility	asset	known	as	’Lamden	Tau’.	Tau	are	a	digital	
asset that serve the universal asset of the platform itself, available for trade by users of the system who want to use a 
currency	that	use	all	private	chains.	Communication	with	the	Tau	chain	comes	out	of	the	box	for	Lamden	developers,	so	
they do not have to form independent relationships with other private chains to start transferring assets to one another. 
In this fashion, developers can start to integrate a digital currency market and trade into their blockchain applications 
immediately.	By	offering	a	native	digital	currency	out	of	the	box	to	all	Lamden	users,	Tau	increase	the	adoption	rate	of	
private chains, as more individuals are able to participate with the application coming from the Lamden community.

Token Sale (Token Scattering Event)
The	Lamden	Project	will	be	funded	by	a	Token	Distribution	Event	(Token	Scattering)	of	the	Lamden	Tau.	These	Lamden	
Tau  will be available for pur- chase on the Ethereum main chain in the form of an ERC20 token. Said Lamden Tau will then 
be	available	for	swapping	onto	the	Lamden	chain	during	a	cer-	emonious	process	which	signifies	the	milestone	achievement	
of chain-to-chain communication on Clove.
  Further detailing on the Token Scattering Event is included in organizational documents.



©2017 LAMDEN, All Rights Reserved.

Conclusion
The goal of the Lamden Project is to provide a suite of tools that makes the rapid development 
and deployment of blockchains easy for the general population of developers. By modelling 
our tools based on the most popular tools used by developers today, we can capture a large 
and enthusiastic base of developers who want to get involved in blockchain but are unable 
to get over the initial hurdles.
  
Furthermore, by providing a centralized community, innovation can prosper and build upon 
itself, leading to newer and greater technologies and accelerating the industry as a whole.

Lastly, through Clove, we are able to connect all of these projects together on a single routing 
system	that	facilitates	swap	transactions	so	that	private	chains	can	retain	the	benefits	of	self-
management and still take advantage of a larger ecosystem of great applications.



©2017 LAMDEN, All Rights Reserved.

References

[1] Cryptofees, “Cryptofees: Bitcoin.” Retrieved from: 
http:	//cryptofees.net/,	2017	(accessed	21	Aug	2017).

[2] PayPal, “PayPal: Transaction fees.” Retrieved from: 
https:	 //www.paypalobjects.com/digitalassets/c/website/
marketing/	na/us/ebooks/pdf/fees-page.pdf/,	2017	(accessed	
21	Aug	2017).

[3] MasterCard, “MasterCard: 
2017–2018	U.S.	Region	Interchange	Programs	and	Rates.”	
Retrieved	from:	https://www.mastercard.us/content/dam/	
mccom/en-us/documents/merchant-interchange-rates.pdf/,	
2017	(ac-	cessed	21	Aug	2017).

[4]	Visa,	“Intra	Visa	Europe	EEA:	Multi-lateral	Interchange	Fees.”	
Retrieved	from:	https://www.visaeurope.com/media/images/
Intra%20VE%20EEA%	20%40%202017_01_26-73-17763.pdf/,	
2017	(accessed	21	Aug	2017).

[5]	V.	Buterin,	“Ethereum:	A	next-generation	smart	contract	and	
decentral- ized application platform,” 2013. Retrieved from: 
https://github.com/	ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper.

[6]	Stripe,	“Stripe:	Payments.”	Retrieved	from:	https://stripe.
com/us/	pricing/,	2017	(accessed	22	Aug	2017).

[7]	Etherscan,	“Ethereum	ChainData	Size	(Geth	w/FullArchive	
Sync).”	 Re-	 trieved	 from:	 https://etherscan.io/chart/
chaindatasize,	2017	(ac-	cessed	17	Aug	2017).

[8] BitInfoCharts, “Bitcoin (BTC) stats and information.” 
Retrieved	 from:	 https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin/,	 2017	
(accessed	17	Aug	2017).

[9] MyBroadBand, “Bitcoin and Ethereum vs Visa and 
PayPal	–	Trans-	actions	per	second.”	Retrieved	from:	https://
mybroadband.co.za/	 news/banking/206742-bitcoin-and-
ethereum-vs-visa-and-paypal- transactions-per-second.html, 
22	Apr	2017	(accessed	17	Aug	2017).

[10]	A.	Sucharitakul,	“squbs:	A	New,	reactive	way	for	PayPal	
to	build	appli-	cations,”	2016.	Retrieved	from:	https://www.
paypal-engineering.com/	2016/05/11/squbs-a-new-reactive-
way-for-paypal-to-build- applications.

[11]	M.	Babaioff,	S.	Dobzinski,	S.	Oren,	and	A.	Zohar,	“On	bitcoin	
and	red	balloons,”	CoRR,	vol.	abs/1111.2626,	2011.14

[12]	pip	9.0.1,	“pip:	Python	Package	Index.”	Retrieved	from:	
https://	pypi.python.org/pypi/pip/,	06	Nov	2016	(accessed	21	
Aug	2017).

[13]	Yeoman,	“Yeoman:	The	web’s	scaffolding	tool	for	modern	
webapps.”	Re-	trieved	from:	http://yeoman.io/,	2017	(accessed	
21	Aug	2017).

[14] npm, “npm: Node Package Manager.” Retrieved from: 
http://npmjs.com/,	2017	(accessed	21	Aug	2017).

[15] C. Mason and R. Brown, “Entrepreneurial ecosystems and 
growth	oriented	entrepreneurship,”	tech.	rep.,	OECD,	2014.

[16]	T.	McConaghy	et	al.,	“BigchainDB:	A	scalable	blockchain	
database,”	 pp.	 31–41,	 2016.	 Retrieved	 from:	 https://
bravenewcoin.com/assets/	 Whitepapers/bigchaindb-
whitepaperDRAFT.pdf/.

[17] J. Poon, “The Bitcoin Lightning Network: Scalable Off-
Chain	 Instant	Pay-	ments,”	2016.	Retrieved	from:	https://
lightning.network/lightning-	network-paper.pdf/.

[18]	 D.	 Ongaro	 and	 J.	 Ousterhout,	 “In	 search	 of	 an	
understandable Consensus algorithm,” tech. rep., Stanford 
University,	2013.	Retrieved	from:	https:	//raft.github.io/raft.pdf/.

[19]	D.	Mazières,	“The	Stellar	Consensus	Protocol:	A	federated	
model for Internet-level Consensus,” tech. rep., Stellar 
Development	Founda-	tion,	2015.	Retrieved	from:	https://www.
stellar.org/papers/stellar-	consensus-protocol.pdf/.

[20] M. Mahmoody, T. Moran, and S. Vadhan, “Time-Lock 
puzzles	in	the	Ran-	dom	Oracle	Model,”	in	Annual	Cryptology	
Conference	(P.	Rogaway,	ed.),	vol.	6841,	pp.	39–50,	Springer,	
2011.

[21]	Symantec,	“Internet	Security	Threat	Report,”	April	2016.	
Re-	trieved	from:	https://www.symantec.com/content/dam/
symantec/docs/	reports/istr-21-2016-en.pdf/.


