






















 

   

 

 
A Decentralized 
Network For 
Real-Time Lead 
Sharing  
 
Monetize Your Data 
 
 
www.leadcoin.network 

 

http://www.leadcoin.network/


 

Content 
Background 4 

The Opportunity 5 

The Problem 5 

The Solution 6 
Trust & Transparency 7 
A Decentralized Lead Sharing Network 9 

Decentralized and Secure 9 
Business to Business 9 

Monetize Your Data 9 

The LeadCoin Token (LDC) 10 
The Large, Steadily Growing Digital Advertising Market 10 
Creating Value for Unused Leads 10 
Technical Aspects of LDC 11 
Technical Implementation 11 
Ownership Rights & Using Tokens 11 
Ownership Access Rights 12 
Bancor as a Token Platform 12 

Tools for Growth 13 
Platform Operators Will Create New Nodes in the Blockchain 13 
Potential Industries to Grow the Network 13 
Website Design 13 

Webydo - the first node of web design 13 
Loans, Mortgages 14 
Real Estate 14 
Manual Laborers 15 
Additional Growth Components 15 
Syndication Mechanism 15 
Promotional Tokens 15 

Competitive Landscape Analysis 16 
Competitive Advantage 16 

The LeadCoin Implementation 17 
 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

1 



 

Leads 18 
Lead Structure 18 

Lead Contact Information (Encrypted) 19 
Lead Detail Information (Not Encrypted) 19 

Lead Scoring 19 
Importing Data On-Chain 20 
Transaction Model 21 
Rating and Disputing Contracts 23 
Lead Quality Assurance Metrics 23 
Arbitration 24 
Architecture Components 24 

Accounts 24 
Buyers 24 
Sellers 25 
Seller Ranking 25 
Arbitrators 26 

Contracts 26 
Escrow Contracts 26 
History Contracts 27 

Off-Chain Components 27 
The Dashboard 27 
Lead Import 27 
Automatic Import - Widget 28 
Manual Import 28 
CRM Integration 28 
Lead Creation Process & Encryption 28 

3rd Party Dependencies 29 
UPort/Civic 29 
Tendermint 29 
IPFS 29 

Implementation Considerations 29 
Information Privacy 29 
Collusion Between Arbitrators 30 
Lead Data Storage 30 
Quality Assurance of Leads 30 
Duplicate Leads 30 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

2 



 

Future Considerations 31 

Roadmap 31 
Milestone 1 - Development of the LeadCoin Network Backend 31 
Milestone 2 - Development of the LeadCoin UI+UX and Mobile App 32 
Milestone 3 - Launch with the First Node, Webydo.com 33 
Milestone 4 - Development of SDK 34 
Milestone 5 - Growing the Network 34 

Funding Breakdown 36 

Crowdsale & Token Issuance 37 
Sale Event 37 
After the Sale Event 37 
Token Allocation 38 

Team & Advisors 39 

Appendix 46 
Risk Factors 46 
Regulatory Strategy 46 
Technical Considerations 47 
The LeadCoin Protocol 47 
LeadCoin App Architecture 48 

Ethereum Client 48 
Cross Platform Desktop Framework 48 

Platform Limitations 48 
Personal Identifiable Information (PII) 50 
Legal Disclaimer 51 
References 54 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

3 



 

Background  
 

Businesses today find new potential customers through a combination of classic, 

offline methods and newer, digital marketing strategies.  One of the most common 

digital marketing practices today is the use of  pay-per-click (PPC) ads on Google 

(Adwords and Adsense) and Facebook. This method allows businesses to drive 

traffic, or new visitors to their website in an effort to generate more business from 

new customers. These PPC ads represent the first step of a classic digital marketing 

funnel. 

 

 
 

Figure 1 - ​The classic web marketing funnel.  

 

Classic Web Marketing Funnel: 

Traffic​ -  Users who click on 

advertisements will be sent to either a 

landing page or a company website where 

they can register.  

Leads​ - Visitors who register then become 

new potential customers or leads. Once 

visitors become leads they move down the 

funnel, moving one step closer to 

becoming a paying customer.  

Qualified Leads​  ​- Businesses will then 

typically reach out to these leads, first 

verifying the lead’s name, contact details 

(phone & email) actual interest,  intent 

and required budget.  

Deals​ - New paying customers.  

   

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

4 



 

Some businesses prefer to skip the step of converting traffic to leads and simply 

purchase lists of cold (old) leads that have not expressed a need in real time.  This 

means that a salesperson needs to reach out those leads and check if they have an 

interest.  

 

 

The Opportunity  
Google and Facebook currently dominate PPC advertising. According the Statistics 

Portal, Google generated over $79 billion in advertising revenue and Facebook 

generated over $26 billion in 2016. With an average of 17% yearly growth for Google 

and 54% yearly growth for Facebook the total ad revenues for both companies will 

surely top $100 billion in 2017. While businesses invest large sums of money to 

acquire new customers, a large majority of them remain unsatisfied with their 

resulting leads. This dissatisfaction opens the door for businesses to work with  a 

new method of buying real-time leads.  

 

 

The Problem 
Leads are the fuel of every business; however, nearly every business suffers from 

the same problem which is a lack of affordable and qualified leads. According to 

Hubspot, the average conversion rate for Google Adwords across all industries is 

2.7%. These low conversion rates yield very low satisfaction, as only 22% of 

businesses are currently satisfied with their conversion rates. Lead lists offer an 

even lower conversion rate, as leads from such lists are completely cold, having 

shown no interest.  

 

This means that over 95% of the money that businesses spend on acquiring 

new leads is wasted.  

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

5 



 

 

The process of converting website visitors to paying customers is inefficient and 

time consuming. Campaigns take a lot of time to build and test. Once traffic and 

leads start coming in, businesses need to verify and qualify all of their leads. This 

results in a very long return on investment (ROI) for businesses using PPC 

campaigns.  Businesses are then left with a large bank of leads that are verified and 

qualified, yet they did not turn into paying customers.  

 

The Solution 
LeadCoin solves this problem, by providing a decentralized network where these 

businesses can buy and sell qualified leads. ​Businesses will sell their unused leads 

to other businesses and will get value in the form of LeadCoin tokens (LDC). 

Businesses will also have a higher conversion rate as they will buy leads directly 

from other businesses in their industry as opposed to buying visitors with no 

qualification at all. These businesses will be selling high quality leads in real-time, 

meaning a seller will release a mismatched lead with an immediate need to the 

buyer. This process will be more efficient, as businesses will not have to deal with 

marketing campaigns or funnels, saving them time. All of this results in a shorter 

ROI for businesses who are looking for more qualified leads. 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

6 



 

 

Figure 2 -​ Shows the transaction between a buyer and seller in the LeadCoin network.  

 

 

Trust & Transparency  

Businesses can buy qualified leads from others in their industry (even from their 

competitors) via the Blockchain and Smart Contracts which will provide trust and 

transparency. Businesses will sell leads in real time to each other since they own 

unused leads that represent true value.  Businesses can sell leads and receive 

tokens with which they could buy new leads and bring new customers to their 

business.  

 

All transactions will be recorded, showing all the required data such as:  

● A seller’s entire history of transactions  

● A seller’s ranking based on factors such as the buyer’s satisfaction  

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

7 



 

● Details about a lead’s history will also be available, giving each lead a score 

depending on a number of factors such as how long the lead has been in the 

network.  

 

The trust is based on businesses knowing who they’re buying leads from and on the 

fact the network will require businesses to only sell high quality leads, that have 

already been verified and qualified. These processes will insure that all leads are 

actual people with immediate needs.  

 

High quality leads represent valuable assets for businesses, and the LeadCoin 

network looks to facilitate an exchange of ownership of these assets. The original 

business owns a high quality lead, yet they have nothing to do with it, so they can 

sell their leads in the network and transfer ownership of the lead.  

 

The Blockchain Technology also provides advanced security, so leads will stay under 

the ownership of the original business until a transaction is completed. This security 

will be crucial as people will be importing their valuable assets into the network and 

will want to know that their leads are protected until the completion of a sale.  

 

All leads will contain personally identifiable information (PII), and the platform will 

make sure to protect this information and respect the privacy or every lead.  Leads 

will have to provide their informed consent to a seller looking to list their 

information, preventing any chance of the lead receiving unwanted inquiries. In 

addition, LeadCoin will provide a matching mechanism using an algorithm that will 

pair the right buyer with the right lead depending on a buyer’s search patterns and 

history.  

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

8 



 

A Decentralized Lead Sharing Network  

Decentralized and Secure 

The network’s architecture focuses on the process for onboarding leads into the 

LeadCoin ecosystem and structuring a transaction between a buyer and a seller. The 

on-chain system is cryptographically ensured to not approve selling the same lead 

to different people, and ensures that all leads onboarded to the Blockchain remain 

private to people not privy to the transaction. Off-chain components provide a 

reliable way for users to onboard onto LeadCoin’s architecture and organizes the 

reputation system. The Product section below analyzes potential attack vectors, 

their mitigations, and future considerations.  

 

 

 

Business to Business 

LeadCoin will be a business to business network, with no middle man. Businesses 

will simply buy and sell leads, and LeadCoin provides the arena to view 

opportunities and complete the transactions. The advantage of this type of network 

is that no individual seller or lead can receive special preference or special 

privileges. Even when new platform operators join the network and open their own 

nodes they will not be able to interfere with transactions, so there will be no way for 

a seller or their leads to receive priority over another seller’s leads.  

 

Monetize Your Data  

Businesses and leads will monetize their data by using LeadCoin’s lead sharing 

network. Consumers can earn LDC tokens by sharing their data with interested 

businesses. The data is shared via a cookie or web form, and is related to products 

or services they wish to buy. They will then get real-time targeted offers from the 

business that bought their lead. As a lead is being exchanged on the network, and 

the lead starts receiving offers from businesses, LDC tokens are sent directly to their 

digital wallet. This monetization should increase the demand for the LDC token as it 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

9 



 

will provide consumers with an extra incentive to participate proactively in the 

LeadCoin Token Economy. 

 

 

The LeadCoin Token (LDC) 
LDC will be a token, used for the purpose of buying and selling leads in LeadCoin. 

LDC will be based on Ethereum, which uses Smart Contracts to process transactions.   

 

The Large, Steadily Growing Digital Advertising Market  

This paper previously mentioned the size and growth of the PPC market in the 

section labeled “The Opportunity” and mentioned that the digital advertising 

revenues for Google and Facebook should top $100 billion this year. LDC will be 

based on the very strong Digital Advertising Market, and as this market will continue 

to grow in size so will the value of LDC. LDC’s value will be based on the digital 

advertising market and on the activity within the network. This gives LDC the 

potential to become one of the strongest virtual tokens within the Ethereum 

ecosystem, as it will not be affected by any outside and local regulatory factors in 

the different global economies.  

 

Creating Value for Unused Leads  

Unused leads are currently discarded once businesses realize that they do not have 

a good match with that lead. LDC gives value to those leads, as they represent a 

qualified potential customer looking to spend their money on a product or service. 

The network will change the mindset of businesses who will now view unconverted 

leads as a valuable asset that can generate revenue.  

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

10 



 

 

Technical Aspects of ​LDC  

Technical Implementation 

The LeadCoin Token is implemented as an ERC20-compatible token over the public 

Ethereum Blockchain. Ethereum is the natural fit for LeadCoin as it is quickly 

becoming the industry-standard for issuing custom digital assets. Compatibility with 

the ERC20 standard leverages the rich existing infrastructure of the Ethereum 

ecosystem such as development tools, wallets and exchanges. The ability to 

program trustless smart contracts over Ethereum with a Turing-complete language 

allows for robust and secure customization of the cryptocurrency to the 

domain-specific requirements of the LeadCoin network in a fully decentralized 

manner.   

 

Ownership Rights & Using Tokens 

Each LDC represents the ability to purchase leads. 

 

LDC will be used in the LeadCoin Platform for the following: 

○ Buying and selling leads  

○ Paying fees to arbitrators for solving disputes 

○ Paying fees to Ethereum 

○ Paying fees to platform operators 

○ Paying for future services and functions produced by LeadCoin 

  

LDC can be taken away for:  

○ Any lost disputes would result in money going back to the original token 

holder 

○ Fees to Arbitrators for solving disputes 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

11 



 

 

Ownership Access Rights 

 ​An individual may purchase LDC for the use of purchasing leads through the 

LeadCoin Platform. If an individual no longer wants to use LDC they may sell, 

transfer or trade their tokens via an independent cryptocurrency exchange. 

Purchasing LDC does not entitle users to own shares in LeadCoin.  

 

 

Bancor as a Token Platform  

LDC will be implemented as a Smart Token which uses the Bancor Protocol to 

maintain liquidity. Bancor is an ERC20-compatible token template, which offers 

continuous liquidity via an on-chain market maker. The Bancor Smart Contract holds 

a reserve of another currency (BNT) of the LDC market cap, and determines an 

appropriate exchange rate between BNT and LDC in such way that assures the BNT 

reserve. Individuals wishing to buy or sell LDC buy from, or sell to the market maker 

at the current price. The market maker can always act as the counterparty to such 

trade, as it holds a BNT reserve with which it can buy LDC, and it has the sole 

permission to create LDC which it can sell. Among the special properties of such a 

token:  

 

● Anyone can buy or sell LDC at any time, without risk of not having a 

counterparty, and at a predetermined cost (even “slippage” - exchange rate 

changes during the trade - can be calculated in advance).  

● The total amount of LDC in circulation can vary dynamically, as the lead seller 

creates or removes LDC.  

● The core value of a LDC unit is backed by its BNT reserve, assuring holders 

that the token has intrinsic value.  

● BNT itself is a smart token backed by ETH, making conversion to and from 

ETH a simple two-step function. 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

12 



 

More information about Bancor can be found on ​Bancor’s website​ and the ​Bancor 

white paper​. Our data shows that the LeadCoin Token will enjoy sufficient liquidity 

and volatility from day one, eliminating the need for pegging or stabilization 

mechanism. LeadCoin’s first node, Webydo, will provide a pool of 300,000 registered 

users who will need to buy and sell leads from day one.  

 

Tools for Growth 
Platform ​Operators ​Will Create New Nodes in the Blockchain 

Any individual or business who becomes a platform operator will help the network 

grow, as these individuals will likely import their own qualified leads to the 

database.  LeadCoin aims to target platform providers from a variety of different 

industries in an effort to diversify the network by bringing on as many new 

categories as possible.  More operators should mean more categories and more 

categories means a larger network. This growth will be extremely beneficial for 

building the LeadCoin brand and in increasing the value of LDC.  

 
Potential Industries to Grow the Network  

Website Design  

The Web design industry is valued at over $30 billion per year in the US alone. 

Web design agencies and freelancers receive numerous website requests from 

SMBs and enterprises. Some of the requests don't match the offering by the agency, 

and this is often due to a mismatch with the potential client's budget , timeline, or 

lack of technological knowledge from the side of the designer. Instead of simply 

losing the client, those agencies could sell the lead to another agency using the 

LeadCoin network.  

 

Webydo - the first node of web design 

LeadCoin comes from the same team that created Webydo. Founded in 2010, 

Webydo aimed to liberate professional designers by providing them with a 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

13 

https://www.bancor.network/
https://www.bancor.network/static/bancor_protocol_whitepaper_en.pdf
https://www.bancor.network/static/bancor_protocol_whitepaper_en.pdf


 

tool to design websites with full freedom and without having to write a single 

line of code. Until the birth of code-free platforms, designers relied on web 

developers to code their websites, often paying the majority of their profits 

to the developers. Webydo has raised $18M and will be profitable in Q1 of 

2018.  

 

After a successful launch in 2012, Webydo rapidly created 14,000 websites in 

an initiative with Google.  Since then, Webydo’s been featured in over 10,000 

industry-leading blogs and in top publications such as Forbes, Techcrunch, 

The Next Web, BBC and the Huffington Post. In 2014 Forbes named Webydo 

as one of the top five startups that are reshaping the web economy.  

 

Webydo currently has over 300,000 users and 3500 paying web design 

agencies.  The large majority of these agencies use digital marketing 

campaigns via Google and Facebook and have a large database of leads that 

they could share with the network. These agencies will be the backbone of 

LeadCoin in the beginning, as they will make up the first node in the 

LeadCoin Blockchain.  

 

Loans, Mortgages   

According to Statista 7.3 million mortgages originated in the United States in 2016 

totalling nearly $1.9 trillion. That’s over 7 million mortgages that started out as 

potential mortgage customers, or leads. With LeadCoin, banks and lenders can 

come straight to the network and purchase leads for mortgages from other financial 

institutions who chose not to offer loans to those individuals.   

 

Real Estate 

A potential buyer has an interest in a certain type of property, yet due to different 

factors they don’t make a deal with a specific broker.  Maybe the broker doesn’t 

work with properties in the buyer’s budget or geographic location, yet the broker 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

14 



 

invested significant hours in attempting to assist the buyer.  The broker will now be 

able to resell buyer as leads to receive some compensation for their efforts.   

 

Manual Laborers 

Individuals who work in blue collar fields such as plumbers, carpenters and 

electricians rely on high quality leads for their business. Sometimes these 

professionals will be fully booked when their campaigns yield leads with an 

immediate need service. For example, a plumber could be committed to a three day 

job and would then receive a request for an immediate job. This lead could then be 

sold, recovering some of the marketing costs of acquiring that specific lead and 

enabling the seller to buy more leads for his business.  

 

Additional Growth Components 

 

Syndication Mechanism  

LeadCoin will motivate more businesses to become platform operators using the 

syndication mechanism. Any new platform provider will be able to import all of the 

available leads in the network and resell them under their own node. Each sale will 

result in a commission for new platform providers, giving them motivation to open 

their own version of LeadCoin. Commission will be 50/50 between the original and 

final platform operator. 

 

Promotional Tokens 

LeadCoin will provide promotional tokens in the early days following its launch in an 

effort to spark activity within the platform. Promotional tokens can only be used to 

buy leads, as users will not be able to cash out these specific tokens. This means 

that new potential buyers will have nothing to lose by trying out LeadCoin for free. If 

they close a deal they’re likely to come back for more leads, and if not they’ll at least 

recycle the lead back into the network with more details than before.   

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

15 



 

Competitive Landscape Analysis 
LeadCoin stacks up well against other methods of acquiring new leads, as it 

addresses the majority of the pain points expressed by buyers, sellers and leads.  

 

  LeadCoin  LeadPoint  Facebook  Google  HOQU  Lead Lists  

Option to buy 
Leads or Traffic  V  V  V  V  V  V 

Lead’s Consent 
to be contacted   V  V  V  V  X  X 

Option to Sell 
Leads or Traffic   V  V  V  V  V  X 

Lead 
Qualification & 
Verification 

V  V  X  X  X  X 

Option to 
dispute  
a lead 

V  V  X  X  X  X 

Transparent 
Seller History  V  X  X  X  X  X 

Lead with a real 
time need   V  X  X  X  X  X 

Lead Exclusivity  V  X  X  X  X  X 

Decentralized 
Platform  V  X  X  X  V  X 

 

Figure 3​- Compares LeadCoin to its direct competitors, showing the advantages of an open-source platform with 

required lead qualification.  
 

 
Competitive Advantage 

LeadCoin holds a number of advantages over its competitors in both the lead and 

traffic industries, and all of these advantages answer the pain points of the 

personas involved in the network. For instance, lead buyers require trust and 

transparency when buying leads, to know that they’re buying high quality leads in 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

16 



 

real time. These buyers will have a transparent seller history with LeadCoin.  Buyers 

can also rest assured knowing that they’ve purchased exclusive rights to contact a 

lead, and they know that the network won’t show any bias for a particular buyer or 

seller due to the decentralization and transparency. Buyers will simply purchase 

leads from their peers who are looking to sell high quality, real time leads.  

 

The decentralized platform also has advantages for sellers, as they know that no 

other seller will be given special privileges from the network. Sellers will also have a 

higher likelihood of selling their leads as they’ll provide full details about the lead 

from their qualification and verification efforts. This gives sellers the best possible 

chance to sell their unused leads and make back some of their lost money.  

 

The network will benefit the leads themselves more than any other stakeholder, as 

leads can only be entered into the network after giving their consent. In addition, 

exclusivity protects leads from being bombarded with calls and emails from a 

number of different buyers, eliminating the unpleasant spam effect of too many 

contact attempts. The full qualification also increases the chances of a lead finding a 

good match for their needs.  Overall Leadcoin provides the best possible solution 

for buyers, sellers and leads who are looking for the right match in their respective 

transactions.  

 

The LeadCoin Implementation 
LeadCoin will be built on top of the Ethereum platform in order to leverage the 

engagement of the community and the incredible technological advancements the 

Ethereum team has made so far. LeadCoin will utilize the Ethereum blockchain to 

construct a variety of smart contracts, like escrow contracts and history contracts, to 

facilitate transactions within the ecosystem. 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

17 



 

Along with smart contracts, the LeadCoin ecosystem consists of three account types 

in the ecosystem: the seller,buyer, and arbitrator. The seller provides the leads, the 

buyer purchases them, and the arbitrator settles disputes.  

 

While the different characteristics of the accounts will be explained further in the 

implementation,​ ​it is important to note that all accounts are tied to a real world 

identity. This on-chain identity is meant to motivate all players to be as transparent 

and honest as possible. In order to facilitate the existence of an on-chain identity 

system, LeadCoin will look to existing projects in the space, like Civic and Uport, to 

integrate with.  

 

Leads 
 

Lead Structure  

To ensure that buyers can view information about leads and to ensure that sellers 

maintain the privacy of the lead information leads will be composed of two separate 

parts:   

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

18 



 

 

Lead Contact Information (Encrypted) 

A lead’s contact details will be encrypted which ensures that only people who 

purchased leads will receive the lead’s contact details. 

 

Lead Detail Information (Not Encrypted) 

All of the details about a potential lead except for the contact details, which will be 

viewable prior to the completion of a transaction. 

   

Lead Scoring  

Lead scoring = Detailed description score + # of times sold within the network - Days 

from lead creation  

 

Every lead will receive a score based on a number of parameters. The most 

significant parameter will be the days since a lead’s creation. The longer a serious 

lead stays in the system without being claimed, the less likely that lead will be 

relevant. Consider an individual in serious need of a product or service. If this 

person doesn’t have their need met promptly they’ll likely keep searching until they 

find an available professional to help them. Although LeadCoin will have a policy of 

exclusivity within the platform it cannot control the events outside of the platform, 

and the longer a lead waits the more likely that lead will have found a solution 

outside of LeadCoin.  

 

Each lead will also come with a description that involves a number of required and 

optional fields. Providers will have an incentive to fill in the optional fields, as a 

higher lead score should mean a higher likelihood of that lead being sold. While 

name, email and phone number will be required, details such as geographic location 

and business size will be optional fields. 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

19 



 

Another important parameter in determining a lead’s score will be the number of 

times a lead is sold within the network. These leads will be qualified and should 

represent a serious need. That being said, two individuals don’t always see 

eye-to-eye and deals can fall through for an endless number of reasons. If a lead 

continues to be entered into the network after a full qualification the lead is 

probably not very serious and will be removed from the network (leads will be 

removed after being sold for a fifth time).  

 

Importing Data On-Chain 
Since the Blockchain cannot efficiently store the extensive data in each lead 

description, the lead data will be stored off-chain and given a reference key on the 

Blockchain. We utilize IPFS to store the actual lead data, encrypted through public 

key encryption. We can take the Base58 hash of the lead data to then generate an 

address for that data on IPFS. Because the address will be stored on the Blockchain, 

it is important that the lead data be encrypted on IPFS. If it weren’t, everyone would 

have access to the data and nobody would pay for it.  

 

Afterwards, for sellers to import lead data on chain, they must send a transaction to 

the history contract. The history contract stores the data from the transaction from 

the seller into a internal, but public, dictionary. Thus the seller has to pay an 

incredibly small amount of currency in order to send that transaction, but the 

information about the lead is stored permanently in an unalterable, public smart 

contract. In this context, that information will be the IPFS address of the lead. The 

history contract’s dictionary consists of a key-value pair, with the key being the 

address of the IPFS address of the Lead, and the value being the seller. However, 

only someone who has access to the private key can decipher what the lead data 

actually is. Storing the hash of the encrypted data assists in ensuring transaction 

exclusivity, as will be discussed in the section bellow.  

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

20 



 

Transaction Model 
1. The transaction will begin by the buyer sending LeadCoin tokens to an escrow 

contract that holds the payment for a certain Lead.  

2. The escrow contract queries the history contract for the lead address. If the escrow 

contract finds the lead address associated with the seller’s address, the contract 

continues functioning with the later steps, but if not, the contract rejects the 

transaction. Of course, if the lead address does not exist in the history contract, the 

escrow contract rejects the transaction.  

3. If there is indeed a match, the seller will re-encrypt the lead’s private data with the 

buyer’s public key. This is done by utilizing public-key cryptography and allows the 

buyer to know the private key without anyone else being able to. 

4. The seller sends the new lead address to the escrow contract. The escrow contract 

then removes the old lead from the history contract and insert the new IPFS address 

with the Buyer’s address in the history contract to reflect the transaction. 

5. The buyer is given a pre-specified amount of escrow time to test out the leads 

(generally seven days). In this time the escrow contract holds the funds and the 

buyer can send up disputes. 

6. After the escrow time runs out, the escrow contract forwards the payment to the 

seller, and the buyer can no longer dispute the leads. 

 

 
 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

21 



 

 

We designed our system as such in order to ensure that we were able to maintain 

privacy of the lead data, while still having the information public enough to verify 

which seller owned which Lead, and ensure that leads maintain exclusivity. By 

utilizing a reputation system in our architecture, and utilizing the consortium model, 

we reduce the attack space that may compromise the system. A deeper analysis of 

security considerations below.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Life Cycle for a lead from the time of sale to the completion of the transaction 
 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

22 



 

Rating and Disputing Contracts 
 

After a transaction is completed by a buyer and a seller each party has a 

pre-specified amount of time to bring up a dispute or to rate the seller. These 

interactions are both done through the escrow contract which allows for the ability 

to:  

● Notify arbitrators that there is a dispute with the transaction in situations where the 

hash of the lead represents something that is totally different than the advertised 

lead. 

● Rate the seller on any relevant metric, and therefore influence his reputation system 

in the LeadCoin ecosystem.  

● To limit the amount of frivolous disputes, the Buyer is required to stake a certain 

amount of LeadCoin in the escrow Contract when they instigate a dispute and bring 

in arbitrators.  

 

Lead Quality Assurance Metrics 
 

Quality assurance for leads is rather vague, and it leaves a lot of room for disputes. 

That is why there will be the potential for escrow contracts to include a reference to 

a set of guidelines for what is required. These metrics can be about the percentage 

of email opens, closes, or some other metric, given that the buyer puts in the right 

effort. Since the outcome of a sale is based on both the buyer’s efforts and the 

quality of the lead there will qualifications with these metrics such that they are two 

sided.  

 

As the ecosystem evolves, 3rd parties and sellers will be encouraged to develop and 

share their own metrics. This will increase the value of the leads, but it will also 

provide knowledge for the best ways to close sales. 

 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

23 



 

Arbitration 
 

The arbitrators are necessary because it is impossible for cryptographic protocols to 

determine who was wrong or right, so a human agent needs to be called into play. 

The arbitrators will get the lead address with the lead’s private details encrypted 

with their public keys and verify its existence and accuracy on IPFS. If it turns out the 

seller was indeed in the wrong, then the escrow contract will refund the buyer a 

commiserate amount dictated by the arbitrators, and the seller will have to pay a 

fee to the arbitrators. If the buyer is in the wrong, the buyer will then have to pay 

the fee to the arbitrators.  

 

Upon refusal to pay the fee, the offending party will be blacklisted by every other 

node on the network, essentially eliminating them from LeadCoin’s ecosystem. 

Because each actor has an identity associated with them that carries over to the real 

world, there is a strong incentive to pay an arbitrators’ fee.  

Architecture Components 

Accounts 

There are a variety of different types of Accounts in the LeadCoin ecosystem, and all 

of them will be attached to a verifiable identity to reduce the likelihood of malicious 

attacks in the network. 

 

Buyers 

The buyers can purchase leads from sellers. There are no other additional steps one 

has to jump through in order to become a buyer, outside of the simple onboarding 

process that requisites a physical identity. This is to ensure the integrity of the 

consortium model.  

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

24 



 

Sellers 

Sellers have the ability to sell a lead. Sellers have identities that are matched with a 

reputation system that will be built off-chain, as well as a ranking system. 

Seller Ranking 

Seller ranking = buyer satisfaction + number of disputes + high activity+ relative 

volume 

 

Just as leads have a score, sellers will have a ranking that will be affected by their 

actions. This will allow buyers to choose between sellers and will likely give priority 

to the sellers with the best ranking. A seller’s ranking will be based on a number of 

factors starting with buyer satisfaction. Each buyer will receive an automated 

message following the purchase of a lead asking them to rate their satisfaction. 

 

Sellers will also be scored on their number of lost disputes. Any more than one 

dispute could indicate a pattern of fraudulent activity or a lack of verification on the 

part of the seller. Any seller that loses 10 disputes will be banned from LeadCoin to 

insure a secure and honest network for buying leads. 

 

The option to both buy and sell leads in LDC should create a very active network. 

Because of this, seller rankings will also consider the parameter of activity level. Any 

seller who doesn’t buy or sell on the platform for over a month will have a lower 

ranking; however, adding new leads or buying a lead will mark a seller as active. 

 

The final factor that will be used in evaluating a seller will be the relative volume of 

leads that they’ve contributed to the network. For example, if a seller only added 2 

leads they have too small a sample size to judge their ability to provide quality leads. 

The idea here is to motivate people to contribute as many leads as possible to help 

grow the LeadCoin network.  

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

25 



 

Arbitrators 

Arbitrators are individuals in the ecosystem that are elected to resolve conflicts that 

are not possible through cryptographic protocols alone. Their duty is to investigate 

whenever they are called and determine the dishonest party. In exchange, they are 

compensated in LDC. 

 

In order to become an arbitrator one must be a seller with a high ranking and they 

must stake a certain amount of LDC for each validation. These arbitrators will judge 

disputes in committees of five. Disputes can only happen in the pre-specified 

escrow time found in the contract of the transaction. This encourages buyers to 

contact leads immediately after purchasing them. 

 

Disputes can result from a number of different instances such as:  

 

●  Buyer receives a lead with inaccurate contact details  

●  Buyer receives a lead with an inaccurate description of the lead’s specific needs  

●  Buyer receives an irrelevant or cold lead (someone who does not need or never 

needed the advertised service)  

 

Contracts 

Escrow Contracts 

Escrow contracts are Smart Contracts that facilitate transactions on the LeadCoin 

Platform, by holding payment until the existence and quality of a lead has been 

verified by the buyer (and if necessary an arbitrator). The LDC of every transaction 

will be put into escrow for a time following a transaction. This will give buyers an 

opportunity to contact a lead and verify its validity. A buyer would have to dispute a 

lead within a predetermined amount of time after the purchase, otherwise the 

money would be transferred to the seller’s digital wallet. The advantage of this 

system is that it creates urgency for the buyer to contact the lead while also 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

26 



 

defending them against potential fraud. Escrow contracts will initially be developed 

by the LeadCoin team in order to facilitate the existence of a functioning system. 

However, other nodes are also free to write and publish their own escrow contracts.

 

History Contracts 

 

History contracts are simple dictionaries that hold the key-value pairs. The key is 

IPFS address of the Lead and the value is the public address of the seller. They are 

queried by escrow contracts. 

Off-Chain Components 

In order to ensure the best user experience, LeadCoin will be developing an 

open-source interaction point between users and the LeadCoin Blockchain.   

 

The Dashboard  

When sellers log into their dashboard they will see all of the leads that they’ve 

imported into the system. From there, sellers can mark which leads they would like 

to sell, and they can fill in any additional information for leads. Sellers can then go to 

the general area of the dashboard to search for and claim new leads. 

 

Buyers will have a different view unless they decide to become sellers. Buyers will 

have the option to search for new leads via categories or specific keywords for 

leads. For example, there may be a category for “website design” and a potential 

buyer might search “website builder.” The keyword search alleviates this as it would 

bring up any category and lead with the word website.

 

Lead Import  

Every seller will need to import their leads into the network before they can begin to 

sell them to other users. The first and most important part of this process will be for 

the seller to receive informed consent from the lead to share his or her contact 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

27 



 

details with other potential businesses. Once this consent is given, sellers will need 

to fill in all relevant details collected through the qualification and verification 

process.  

 

Automatic Import - Widget  

Sellers will be encouraged to automatically import all of their new leads into the 

dashboard via the contact us form on their website. LeadCoin will provide a widget 

that sellers can attach to their contact us form, and this widget will automatically 

import all of the potential leads. Following this installation sellers will be able to 

mark the leads that they would like to sell and will be prompted to fill in all of the 

relevant details about the lead.  

 

Manual Import  

Some sellers will have leads that come to them through a channel other than the 

contact us form on their website, so those leads can be entered manually. Sellers 

will have the option to enter individual leads one at a time, or they can attach a CSV 

file from excel with a database of leads to save themselves time.

 

CRM Integration  

The platform also plans on developing integrations with CRM systems such as 

Salesforce and Hubspot, to create a fast and seamless import of leads into the 

dashboard. This should significantly speed up the process for sellers, as they will 

already have most of the necessary details entered into their CRM and will simply 

need to populate the fields in LeadCoin with pre-existing data.

 

Lead Creation Process & Encryption 

One of the most critical parts of the entire transaction process will be the encryption 

of the lead’s sensitive data, their contact details. Once encrypted the only person 

who can unlock the lead’s contact details will be the owner of the lead. This owner 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

28 



 

will be dictated by the smart contract (shown below in figure 5) once the transaction 

is complete.  

3rd Party Dependencies  

UPort/Civic 

UPort and Civic are incredibly well known onchain identity management systems. 

LeadCoin will partner with their technological solutions in order to ensure everyone 

in the consortium has a verifiable identity attached to them, so as to not sacrifice 

the security of the Blockchain.  

 

Tendermint 

Since the Ethereum network deals with issues with scaling the number of 

transactions, it will be necessary to port the platform to a chain with faster 

consensus. This can be done easily while preserving the states of the contracts using 

Tendermint.  

 

IPFS 

Will be utilized for its distributed storage capabilities, as a method for lead storage 

and tracking. IPFS uses the Base58 hash of a file as an address for where it exists. It 

is one of the most promising, efficient, and reliable decentralized storage protocols 

in the space.  

Implementation Considerations 

Information Privacy 

Selling leads is not looked upon kindly by consumers, and it may be the case that a 

certain level of privacy be implemented to protect buyers and sellers. An easy 

privacy implementation would encrypt the identity details of the buyers and sellers, 

while keeping the reputation and history of transactions available.  

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

29 



 

Collusion Between Arbitrators 

Since it is necessary to hedge against the possibility of collusion between a the 

arbitrators and any other party involved it may be necessary to encrypt the 

identities of the parties involved such that it is difficult to be sure about the identity 

of the transaction. Also, the implementation of  a staking and slashing protocol was 

implemented, it would reduce the incentives of the arbitrators to collude with 

buyers and sellers. 

 

Lead Data Storage 

With companies purchasing thousands of leads at a time, the size of the transaction 

becomes a real concern if each lead is being shared via individual cryptographic 

hash. It may become necessary to structure leads (or the sale of leads) on the 

Blockchain to reduce the amount of storage that they take up. This can be done 

using IPFS, with a tree-like structure that could utilize a single address to transfer 

the leads. 

 

Quality Assurance of Leads 

It is difficult to determine if a lead is high quality because the outcome of a lead is 

based on the efforts of the buyer and the seller. With this in mind, it may become 

necessary to have user-created quality assurance metrics for leads that can be 

attached to escrow contracts. These lead quality assurance metrics have been 

discussed before, and they are intended to aid arbitrators in disputes, as well as 

prevent disputes from happening. 

 

Duplicate Leads 

There is a concern that there will be duplicate leads or contact information. Lead 

duplication could be done accidentally or on purpose. Duplication could include 

duplication of contact details with different details or it could be similar. In these 

cases, it is difficult to determine if the attack is malicious or not.  

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

30 



 

Future Considerations      
After initial development, the platform will evolve into a network with a smart, 

matching mechanism. This mechanism will track user behavior and will send alerts 

when appropriate matches present themselves within the network. For example, a 

buyer who constantly searches for leads in a certain category or featuring a certain 

keyword can choose to receive alerts when such leads are entered into the network. 

In addition, a seller who’s looking for certain buyers can receive alerts when people 

are searching in their category, and they can reach out to those buyers directly. The 

advantage of the matching mechanism will be less time for both buyers and sellers 

in searching for an appropriate match.  

 

Roadmap 
Milestone 1 - Development of the LeadCoin Network Backend 

Following the original token sale, LeadCoin’s first milestone will be the execution of 

its decentralized platform. The platform will be released as open source software on 

GitHub. Once developed, the platform will include the lead’s dashboard plus a 

registration and login form for new and existing users. These users will then have 

the ability to buy and sell high quality leads.  

 

The key aspect of LeadCoin’s decentralized platform will be the integration of 

Ethereum Smart Contracts that will enforce the actions and guidelines highlighted in 

the LeadCoin Implementation section of this white paper. The smart contracts will 

be made public on GitHub as an open source software and will include the 

following:   

 

● ERC20-compatible implementation of LDC itself including basic functionality 

like trading tokens between addresses 

● Creation of a lead including all of the required fields of the lead’s details and 

the optional fields to be filled out by the lead’s provider 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

31 



 

● Market maker implementations, with both a standard LMSR and a 

Liquidity-Sensitive automated Market Maker variant controlling the value of 

the LeadCoin token until the completion of the transaction and escrow 

period  

● Verification of transaction details, reading its various parameters, and 

current totals of LDC paid for a specific lead  

● Arbitrator mechanism for dispute resolution  

● Dispute mechanism for users  

● Promotional credit mechanism  

● Summary of all fees associated with the transaction including fees paid to 

Arbitrators, platform operators, sellers and syndicators  

● LeadCoin will be open to feedback from its community during the 

development of the platform in an effort to produce the best possible 

product. This feedback could lead to small changes in things like fees to 

arbitrators, syndication fees and fees paid to platform operators. 

 

 

Milestone 2 - Development of the LeadCoin UI+UX and Mobile App 

The first milestone focuses largely on the back end of the platform, while the second 

milestone fine tunes the user experience and front end. LeadCoin will release a 

reference implementation of the app according to the guidelines specified in the 

relevant section of this document.  

 

The app will be developed using cross-platform web technologies using the Electron 

Framework. The app will include a thin Ethereum client based on a standard open 

source implementation that will allow the app to communicate with the various 

smart contracts that make the LeadCoin platform. 

 

Planned functionality of the app in the reference implementation includes: 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

32 



 

● Ability to create an LDC wallet, see current balance and perform basic 

transactions 

● Ability to buy and sell LDC using various fiat currencies and using dedicated 

specialized third party providers which will provide a streamlined process  

● Ability to receive promotional credit  

● Security and protection of the local wallet operated by the app  

● Lead acquisition using lead categories published by various platform 

operators and a sorted list of events under each one  

● Search and filter of leads within the dashboard  

● Lead details screen providing all of the required and optional fields that will 

give an overall description of the lead  

● Ability to purchase a lead using LDC 

● List of recent transactions and final purchase amounts in the appropriate 

category 

 

 

Milestone 3 - Launch with the First Node, Webydo.com   

Once the platform and mobile app are completed the next goal will be to populate 

the network with qualified leads. An integration with Webydo’s existing users will be 

vital for the long-term success of the network. The network will give 300,000 

Webydo users the ability to buy and sell leads to boost their website design 

businesses.   

 

It’s important that Webydo will aid in the establishment of the first node in the 

LeadCoin Blockchain, as Webydo brings a pool of qualified leads. Other providers 

will then join the Blockchain releasing their own versions of LeadCoin under their 

own brand names.  

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

33 



 

Launching with Webydo’s existing user base will also give LeadCoin a node that can 

be studied to optimize the platform for future users. This analysis and improvement 

of the first node will be beneficial for the overall success of LeadCoin.  

 

 

Milestone 4 - Development of SDK   

SDK should make the rebranding and reference implementation very straight 

forward for new platform operators. Using the SDK, platform operators will have the 

ability to release their own derivative of the LeadCoin app and create a fully 

functioning B2B lead generation network under their own brand name in minutes.  

 

The various customizations supported by the SDK are described in detail under “​A 

Branded network for Platform Operators ​” in the LeadCoin Product section of this 

document. 

 

 

Milestone 5 - Growing the Network 

Once completing the majority of the technological requirements via the first four 

milestones, the focus will shift to growing the network. The network’s growth will be 

split into two phases:   

1. Integrations​ with marketing tools such as Hubspot and client management 

software (CRM) such as Salesforce 

2. Business development ​and marketing activities  

 

Businesses use CRMs and marketing tools to hold and organize their lead database. 

Integrating with these tools will allow sellers and platform operators to quickly 

import existing, qualified leads without having to do a manual import.  

 

The second phase of growing the network will involve business development and 

marketing efforts. Business development efforts will target potential platform 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

34 



 

operators and large-scale sellers from industries that could benefit from using the 

LeadCoin Platform. Marketing efforts will then focus on building a strong reputation 

and community for the brand. In addition, media buys and campaigns will target 

end users (both buyers and sellers).   

 

In addition to bringing on new users, the retention of existing users will also be 

emphasized. On a base level, LeadCoin will continue to listen to its users and make 

new developments and improvements to its platform. These improvements will 

then be published in monthly newsletters and on the website to provide a sense of 

confidence and security with the platform. Versions of newsletters will also be 

available for download, so platform providers can adjust the content to fit their own 

brand.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

35 



 

Funding Breakdown  
The LeadCoin crowdsale aims to raise funds for the development of the LeadCoin 

Network. This funding would then be reappropriated to building and maintaining 

the LeadCoin Blockchain Network.  Final budget allocation would be determined by 

the company's management. 

 

Funding Breakdown 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

36 



 

Crowdsale & Token Issuance  
Sale Event  

The date of the public sale will be on March 1st, 2018. The starting time of the sale 

will be announced on the company’s website. The sale will have a hard cap of $50 

million USD and instructions for participation will be published on the website.  

 

The price of LDC will be fixed (in ETH) throughout the sale.  The LDC price will be 1 

ETH=15,000 LDC.  

 

 

After the Sale Event 

LDC will be available  for use 24 hours after the crowdsale. In addition, LeadCoin will 

deposit LDC in BNT as the currency reserve of LDC, thereby activating its Bancor 

Smart Token features. From this point forward, the smart token’s market maker will 

enable anyone wishing to buy or sell LDC to do so at a determined market price. At 

the moment of activation this price is equal to the token sale price, and later it may 

fluctuate according to market supply and demand. Further details about LDC as a 

Bancor Smart Tokens can be found under Bancor as a token platform above, and in 

Bancor’s documentation. 

 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

37 



 

Token Allocation 

 

 

 

 

 

% of Total Supply  Beneficiary  Special Terms  

50%  Contributors  No vesting  

30%  LeadCoin Reserves    

10%  Webydo Ltd.    

10%  Founding Team   No vesting, cannot be 
transferred until end of 

the token sale period 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

38 



 

Team & Advisors 
 

 

Shmulik Grizim  
Founder  

Shmulik Grizim is the Founder and Head of three 

successful technology companies within the SaaS, web 

design and digital marketing industries. Grizim’s most 

recent venture, Webydo, is a patent-protected web 

platform with a global network of more than 300K users. 

Forbes named Webydo one of the five startups that are 

reshaping the web economy. Grizim specializes in building 

new technology corporations from the ground up, 

constantly searching for solutions that promote the 

creation of a better web for all. 

 

 

Moshe Hogeg 
Advisor 

A Blockchain investor and a serial entrepreneur that 

founded, headed and advised numerous ICOs. Hogeg is 

the Founder & Co-CEO of Sirin Labs, a $157M ICO, the 

creators of Finney, secure, open-source consumer 

electronics for the Blockchain Era. Hogeg recently 

founded Alignment Ventures, a Blockchain Hub serving 

networks such as Bancor, STOX, KIK. In addition, Hogeg is 

the Founder & Chairman of the Singulariteam Group, a 

private fund investing in disruptive technologies with 

focuses on artificial intelligence, augmented and virtual 

reality, robotics, and nanotechnology.  

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

39 



 

 

Uriel Peled 
Advisor 

Uriel Peled is a BlockChain expert and the Co-Founder and 

CEO of CoinTree Capital, a blockchain advisory firm. He 

was the key advisor for renowned blockchain companies 

such as, Kin - Ecosystem Foundation, Stox, and Sirin Labs 

among others. Peled is also the Co-Founder and VP of 

Operations of Orbs, a decentralized blockchain 

infrastructure powering the transition of leading 

consumer applications into blockchain. 

 

 

 

Oded Hogeg 
Strategic Investor Relations  

Oded specializes in investors relations. He has over 5 

years of experience in raising capital, negotiations, 

high-tech, management, strategy and a background in 

creating value and analysis. He is a result driven and a fast 

learner.  

 

 

 

Steven Kruger  
Legal Counsel  

Steven is an admitted law practitioner in both South Africa 

and Israel and has over 20 years of legal experience. He 

specializes in online law, regulation and licensing and has 

worked with several other high tech and financial 

companies.  

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

40 



 

 

Samy Goihman 
COO 

Goihman possesses a unique combination of skills that 

allow him to solve any problem that’s thrown his way. He 

has over 10 years of experience in information systems, 

software, directing organizational operations in high-tech, 

management, strategy and a background in BI and data 

analysis. His diversity and drive for perfection constantly 

push the team to reach its full potential.  

 

 

Eyal Rosen 
CMO 

Eyal Rosen has been actively promoting and evangelising 

cryptocurrencies since 2014. He joins Leadcoin after 

leading large-scale online marketing for global tech 

companies including XLMedia, TestPrep, and Nokia where 

he grew annual sales to $6​​0M. Rosen has an MBA from 

Columbia Business School and an engineering degree 

from the Technion. 

 

 

Alexey Murashkevich  
Blockchain & Web Development Expert 

Alexey brings eight years of experience as a full stack 

senior Web developer, and he consistently mentors and 

coaches others as a team leader. He excels in the 

design ,development and implementation of Frontend 

and Backend functionalities. He takes a special interest 

in advising and developing Blockchain-based 

decentralized apps. 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

41 



 

 

 

 

Shai Ament  
Blockchain & Cloud Engineering Expert 

Ament brings leadership and professionalism to the 

development team.  His out-of-the-box thinking and 

diverse experience with web development have resulted 

in countless contributions to the team. He is an active 

advisor for blockchain-based companies. 

 

 

Lilach Arviv 
QA & Automation Team Leader  

After studying computer science Lilach has become an 

expert in automation. With over seven years of experience 

Lilach contributes significantly, as she applies both her 

technical knowledge and her organizational skills to keep 

the team focussed on the task at hand.  

 

 

Alana Vaxman 
Head of Technical Support & QA Specialist  

Vaxman combines her eight years of experience in design, 

front-end development (HTML & CSS) and customer 

support with unparalleled efficiency and organization. Her 

deep understanding of technology and problem solving 

abilities have made her an indispensable asset to the 

team.  

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

42 



 

 

Yonni Myers  
Technical Content & Communications Specialist 

Myers has a Master’s Degree in English and has over five 

years of experience in technology sales and content writing. 

He excels at quickly understanding new technologies and 

explaining their functionality to the general public.  

 

 

 

Damien Rozan 
Community Manager  

Damien comes from a background of account 

management, website design and digital marketing and 

loves anything tech-related.  His versatility and attention 

to detail make him an integral part of the LeadCoin team.  

 

 

 

Alana Levitan 
Head of Social Media  

With over 10 years of experience in marketing and social 

media Levitan has all of the tools and experience to create 

a buzz across LeadCoin’s different social channels. Alana’s 

marketing experience combined with her management 

experience and drive for perfection make her an integral 

part of the marketing team.  

 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

43 



 

 

Dana Perry 
Senior Account Manager  

With more than half a lifetime’s experience in sales and 

customer service, Dana is passionate about meeting and 

exceeding monthly quotas. This however comes second to 

always searching for the best pizza in town wherever she 

travels.  

 

 

 

 

Nitsan Harel 
Senior Support Manager  

Nitsan excels at providing top notch customer service due 

to her strong work ethic and technical knowledge. Her 

drive and efficiency set the bar high for the rest of the 

team. 

 

 

 

Mirey Molcho 
Business Development Manager  

Molcho comes from a background of operations 

management and has unparalleled organizational skills. 

Her serious approach to work combined with her very 

warm personality allow her to excel at developing new 

business opportunities for LeadCoin.  

 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

44 



 

 

Rivka Akiva  
Designer  

Rivka studied graphic and interactive design and has 

seven years of experience with both web design and print. 

Rivka specializes in designing with Adobe Photoshop, 

Illustrator and Indesign. Her creativity and out-of-the-box 

thinking help the team sharpen LeadCoin’s brand and 

messaging.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

45 



 

Appendix  
Risk Factors 

Listed below are the risk factors related to the LeadCoin Platform and specifically 

the token sale event.  

 

● LeadCoin may not reach its target amount for the sale and may be unable to fund 

its business plan. 

● Outside trends in the cryptocurrency that have nothing to do with LDC could drive 

the value of LDC down.  

● LeadCoin relies on the pilot group from webydo.com, so any negative occurrence at 

webydo.com could affect LeadCoin 

● The development of the LeadCoin platform and app will be complex, and it’s 

possible that the platform’s launch could be delayed due to unanticipated barriers 

in the development process 

● Additional companies may attempt to produce a lead generation platform using the 

Blockchain infrastructure, creating less demand for LeadCoin 

● The cryptocurrency market is very volatile which could negatively impact LDC 

● Future international laws and regulations may outlaw the use of digital currencies 

such as LDC 

● State and federal governments may pass laws that will negatively affect LDC 

● New tax laws may be passed that will nullify any benefits of owning LDC 

● LeadCoin may not hit its projections for use which will lessen the value of LDC due 

to a lower number of events 

● The plans listed in this white paper may change in the future due to unforeseen 

factors  

 
Regulatory Strategy 

Digital currencies are still very new to the financial world, which make it difficult to 

pass rules and regulations. That being said, countries, governments and governing 
 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

46 



 

bodies will eventually attempt to regulate the digital currency world. These future 

regulations will have compliance requirements, and it will be important to meet said 

requirements as soon as they’re released.  

 

That being said, LeadCoin will still be a decentralized application.  With these types 

of applications the infrastructure is separated, keeping the different functions of the 

system isolated from one another. Each function or module remains separate 

creating an advantage for the creator of a decentralized platform. The advantage of 

separation is that each function does not need to meet all compliance requirements 

as each function acts as its own entity.  

 

 

Technical Considerations  

 
The LeadCoin Protocol  

Leadcoin will incorporate the following mechanisms in order to execute its protocol: 

 

● Smart Contracts ​for managing events involving lead transactions  

● IFPS for content discovery.​ The LeadCoin App runs on clients and does not require 

a central backend. To enable clients to discover all active markets with their 

taxonomy and metadata, each provider maintains a hierarchical structure of active 

markets descriptors, as JSON files stored on IPFS. This content includes each 

category and each event’s metadata (name, description, images etc). IPFS is a 

decentralized file storage network, operating with no single points of failure, and no 

dependence on geographic or political territory. Each file on IPFS can be located 

using a canonical URL. Each provider’s client app is hardcoded with the the URL of 

its content root; the content root may contain sub-category descriptors linking to 

their URLs, which in turn may link to further subcategories. 

 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

47 



 

LeadCoin App Architecture  

Ethereum Client 

 

In its initial stages the LeadCoin platform will be the primary Ethereum client and 

node within the blockchain.  LeadCoin will build a gateway to Ethereum, and this 

gateway will come with an open-source dashboard for managing one’s leads. Every 

individual will require a digital wallet to use the LeadCoin platform.   

 

Platform operators will also have the option to customize the app to their own 

specifications as LeadCoin will be open source. In the future LeadCoin will also allow 

for an SDK and once users implement the SDK they will create a new node in very 

little time.  

  

Cross Platform Desktop Framework 

The LeadCoin app is required to run as a standalone desktop app for Windows, Mac 

and Linux. For easy support of multiple platforms with a single codebase, a 

cross-platform app framework should be used. The app relies on the Electron 

framework provides high 53 development velocity by leveraging web technologies 

such as JavaScript, HTML and CSS. Another benefit of the electron framework is 

lowering the barrier for customization of the app. Just as electron will be used for 

the desktop application, it will also be implemented for the mobile application to 

reduce development time and resources for an application that will run both on iOS 

and Android.  

 

 

Platform Limitations 

The events are operated on the public Ethereum blockchain, requiring all operations 

that change the market’s state (lead creation, lead details, arbitrator reports, 

transactions) to be broadcast to the blockchain. Technical and throughput limits of 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

48 



 

the Ethereum network and its processing costs have several adverse effects on 

LeadCoin:  

 

● The throughput of the Ethereum network puts an upper bound on the rate at 

which an onchain lead generation platform can process orders and modify 

positions, which in practice stands at hundreds of transactions per minute. In 

the near future, a high-traffic lead network, with participation of thousands 

of users, cannot be supported by the Ethereum network. 

 

● When the Ethereum network is under low load, its block confirmation time of 

17 seconds means a user would wait an average of 8.5 seconds for each 

operation. Under a normal workload, transactions may be processed only 

after a block or two, resulting in a longer wait of around one minute. Such 

latency is not reasonable for UX and requires designing the user experience 

in a way that provides immediate feedback for actions, then processes 

blockchain operations in the background.  

 

● At higher network loads, the Ethereum network suffers from a very high 

variance in confirmation times. Transactions may queue for several blocks’ 

time, resulting in a wait of minutes or hours. When this happens, users’ 

transactions may fail to register on the blockchain, due to the transaction 

closing or significant change in the rate offered by the market maker.  

 

● Ethereum currently supports fee payments only by the sender, and only in 

ETH. Transaction fees on Ethereum network are expected to amount 

between $0.02-$0.20 per operation when the network is under reasonable 

load, in addition to the fees collected by the platform operators. This also 

creates product complexity as it requires users to hold a small ETH balance in 

order to make payments (we recommend that operators refund users their 

transaction fees, so that a small ETH deposit could be sufficient for a user).  

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

49 



 

 

● Despite these drawbacks, Ethereum is still the best public blockchain 

available today. New developments in the Ethereum network should mitigate 

all of the above mentioned issues:  

 

● RAIDEN and CASPER are expected to increase the capacity of the Ethereum 

network enabling significant reduction of block times and variance in block 

waits. Similarly, the increase in capacity and offloading of large amounts of 

transactions to state channels are expected to result in significant reduction 

in network fees.  

 

● CASPER proposes abstractions that could enable contract-pays schemes for 

fees, eliminating the need for users to hold ETH.  

 

● Several bodies are promoting research on off-chain scalability of prediction 

markets. We are monitoring the advances in these fields in hopes for a viable 

solution; however, at the moment we will be taking a cautious approach in 

planning, as we consider currently known models to be impractical. 

 

 

Personal Identifiable Information (PII) 

Contact details for leads constitute personal identifiable information. LeadCoin 

understands the sensitivity with this kind of information, and in response will have a 

strict privacy and consent policy. This policy states that no lead will be entered into 

the network without giving their informed consent to the original seller. A lead’s 

details will also be kept private to anyone except for the buyer of the lead.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

50 



 

Legal Disclaimer 

 

This whitepaper is for information purposes only and may be subject to change. We cannot 

guarantee the accuracy of the statements made or conclusions reached in this whitepaper 

and we expressly disclaim all representations and warranties (whether express or implied 

by statute or otherwise) whatsoever, including but not limited to:  

 

● any representations or warranties relating to merchantability, fitness for a 

particular purpose, suitability, title or non-infringement;  

● that the contents of this document are accurate and free from any errors; 

and 

● that such contents do not infringe any third party rights.  

 

We shall have no liability for losses or damages (whether direct, indirect, consequential or 

any other kind of loss or damage) arising out of the use, reference to or reliance on the 

contents of this whitepaper, even if advised of the possibility of damages arising.   

 

This whitepaper may contain references to third party data and industry publications. As 

far as we are aware, the information reproduced in this whitepaper is accurate and that the 

estimates and assumptions contained herein are reasonable. However, we offer no 

assurances as to the accuracy or completeness of this data. Although information and data 

reproduced in this whitepaper are believed to have been obtained from reliable sources, 

we have not independently verified any of the information or data from third party sources 

referred to in this whitepaper or ascertained the underlying assumptions relied upon by 

such sources. 

 

As of the date of publication of this whitepaper, LDC tokens have no known or intended 

future use (other than on the Leadcoin platform to be developed).  

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

51 



 

No promises of future performance or value are or will be made with respect to LDC 

tokens, including no promise of inherent value, no promise of any payments, and no 

guarantee that LDC tokens will hold any particular value.  Unless prospective participants 

fully understand and accept the nature of proposed business and the potential risks 

associated with the acquisition, storage and transfer of ERC-20 token such as LDC tokens, 

they should not participate in the token sale.  

 

LDC tokens hold no rights and confer no interests in the equity of the Leadcoin. LDC tokens 

are sold with an intended future use on the Leadcoin platform and all proceeds received 

during the token sale may be spent freely by Leadcoin on the development of its business 

and the underlying technological infrastructure. 

 

This whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or disclosure document and is not an 

offer to sell, nor the solicitation of any offer to buy any investment or financial instrument 

in any jurisdiction. LDC tokens should not be acquired for speculative or investment 

purposes with the expectation of making an investment return.  

 

No regulatory authority has examined or approved any of the information set out in this 

whitepaper. No such action has or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or 

rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this whitepaper 

does not imply that applicable laws or regulatory requirements have been complied with.  

 

Participation in the token sale carries substantial risk and may involve special risks 

that could lead to a loss of all or a substantial portion of your contribution. Further 

information about the risks of participating in the token sale is set out in the 

whitepaper and the Token Sale T&Cs. Please ensure that you have read, understood 

and are prepared to accept the risks of participating in the token sale before sending 

a contribution to us​.  

The token sale and/or LDC tokens could be impacted by regulatory action, including 

potential restrictions on the ownership, use, or possession of such tokens. Regulators or 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

52 



 

other competent authorities may demand that we revise the mechanics of the Token Sale 

and/or the functionality of LDC tokens in order to comply with regulatory requirements or 

other governmental or business obligations. Nevertheless, we believe we are taking 

commercially reasonable steps to ensure that the token sale mechanics and issue of LDC 

tokens do not violate applicable laws and regulations.   

 

CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 

This whitepaper contains forward-looking statements or information (collectively 

“forward-looking statements”) that relate to our current expectations of future events. In 

some cases, these forward-looking statements can be identified by words or phrases such 

as “may”, “will”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “aim”, “estimate”, “intend”, “plan”, “seek”, “believe”, 

“potential”, “continue”, “is/are likely to” or the negative of these terms, or other similar 

expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these 

forward-looking statements on current projections about future events and financial trends 

that we believe are relevant to our financial condition, results of operations, business 

strategy, financial needs, or the results of the token sale.  

 

In addition to statements relating to the matters set out here, this whitepaper contains 

forward-looking statements related to Leadcoin’s proposed operating model. The model 

speaks to our objectives only, and is not a forecast, projection or prediction of future 

results of operations. 

 

Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analysis made by us in 

light of our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected 

future developments and other factors we believe are appropriate, and are subject to risks 

and uncertainties. Although the forward-looking statements contained in this whitepaper 

are based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, there are risks, uncertainties, 

assumptions, and other factors which could cause our actual results, performances, 

achievements and/or experiences to differ materially from the expectations expressed, 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

53 



 

implied, or perceived in forward-looking statements. Given such risks, prospective 

participants in the token sale should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking 

statements. 

 

References 

● A. Othman, T. Sandholm, D.M. Pennock, and D.M. Reeves (2010)​. ​A practical 

liquidity-sensitive  

automated market maker. ACM Conference on Electronic Commerce: 377-386 

 

● Bitcoin Ticker. ​Bitcoin ticker, real time updates. All data is indicative.  

http://bitcointicker.co/. Accessed 29 October 2017.  

 

● https://econsultancy.com/reports/quarterly-digital-intelligence-briefing-2016-digital-

trends 

 

● https://www.hubspot.com/marketing-statistics 

 

● Statista​. The Statistics Portal: Statistics and Studies from more than 18,000 Sources.  

https://www.statista.com/. Accessed 29 October 2017.  

 

● Webydo. ​The Complete Website Builder & CMS for Designers.  

https://www.webydo.com/. Accessed 29 October 2017.  

 

 

 

 

www.leadcoin.network 
 

54 

https://econsultancy.com/reports/quarterly-digital-intelligence-briefing-2016-digital-trends
https://econsultancy.com/reports/quarterly-digital-intelligence-briefing-2016-digital-trends
https://www.hubspot.com/marketing-statistics

