














































whitepaper_text edited






1.  INTRODUCTION

1.1. LENDROID’S LENDING ORIGINS

1.2. The 0x shift

1.3. An ethical parenthesis

1.4. Lendroid – An overview

1.5. How to use your Oracle

2.  LENDROID FROM FOUR POINTS OF VIEW

2.1. THE LENDER

2.1.1. Defining the offer object

2.1.2. Cancelling a loan offer

2.2. THE RELAYER

2.2.1. Interface

2.2.2. Bookkeeping

2.2.3.` A shared, global liquidity pool

2.3. THE MARGIN TRADER

2.3.1. Locking in collateral

2.3.2. Availing loan

2.3.3. Managing trade positions

2.3.4. Closing a loan

2.4. THE WRANGLER

2.4.1. Margin level monitoring

2.4.2. ‘Wrangling’ underperforming 

 margin account

2.4.3. Triggering an auction

3.  THE LENDROID AUCTION

3.1. AN EVEN PLATFORM

3.2. AUCTION – AS IT HAPPENS

4.  LENDROID SMART CONTRACT    

 SYSTEM

4.1. UPGRADABLE, MODULAR AND   

 EXTENSIBLE

5.  THE LENDROID SUPPORT TOKEN 

 (LST)

5.1. UTILITY TOLL

5.2. INCENTIVIZED PARTICIPATION 

5.3. ENABLING GOVERNANCE

6.  THE LENDROID VISION

7.  SYNOPSIS

8.  APPENDIX

9.  ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS



1.1. LENDROID’S LENDING ORIGINS

The lender is the primary participant on the Lendroid platform. The protocol’s soundness is validated only 

by his sustained, profitable participation. The lender’s trust in the trust-independent protocol will power 

the creation of a global lending pool. To this end, innovative rules and fail safes have been put in place to 

not let down his basic expectations – of protecting his capital and earning risk-free interest in a 

low-friction manner [1][2]. 

In point of fact, Lendroid was initially intended as a decentralized lending platform. Broadly, the process 

was designed thus: A borrower pledges digital assets into an escrow account, and the lender defines 

specific terms for the loan – amount, interest rate, loan period, loan to value (LTV) – set in a smart 

contract. If the lender’s and borrower’s terms match, the smart contract is executed, locking in the 

collateral and releasing the funds to the borrower. If the borrower satisfies the loan obligations, his 

collateral is unlocked automatically. If the borrower defaults or the collateral drops below the agreed LTV, 

the collateral is liquidated [3].

From here on, margin trading seemed a logical first-use case for Lendroid for two main reasons 

a. A Rapidly Growing Market - Margin funding has soared, as recorded by some widely used exchanges 

like Poloniex and Bitfinex. On the latter exchange alone, USD funding has increased from 14.8 Million to 

168.5 million (Oct 2016 to Oct 2017); BTC loans have gone from USD 6.12 Million to USD 183 Million (Oct 2016 

to Sep 2017); and ETH loans have risen from USD 834,192 to USD 88.29 Million (Oct 2016 to Sep 2017) [4].

b. Need for Trust Independence is Immediate - Centralized exchanges that enable margin trading are 

left with the onerous, dual responsibility of funds and collateral management as well as keeping the 

traders from defaulting [5][8]. In order to provide this service, it might be argued, centralized exchanges 

have bypassed the inherent strengths of the blockchain ecosystem [See Figure 1] – premised on 

decentralization, on absolute protection and anonymity by global consensus.  



A decentralized margin trading protocol - a platform that is 

censorship resistant and can be accessed globally would help 

move away from central custodians holding user funds. 

Further, a global network of lenders will increase liquidity and 

reduce overall margin trading costs

1.2. THE 0X SHIFT

Consider the three main functions provided by current public 

exchanges – Exchange (regular trading), Margin Trading, and 

Lending. Ever since 0x – a protocol for peer-to-peer exchange 

of ERC20 tokens [6] – rolled out, a wholly decentralized 

ecosystem comprising all three functions has begun to seem 

highly plausible. The catalysts for this development are              

the ‘Relayers’, incentivized entities that facilitate the hosting of 

order books on 0x. The orders themselves are settled on the 

Ethereum blockchain using smart contracts.

The positive reception that has greeted 0x is the most recent 

illustration of the shift towards a wholly trust-independent, 

secure and decentralized exchange. The implications are 

tremendous, and new 0x relayers such as such as Ethfinex, 

Radar and The Ocean have already begun to enter the fray. 

 

However, where 0x has enabled the Exchange to function 

seamlessly, the Lending and Margin Trading functions remain 

outside of the ecosystem. These are the missing pieces that 

Lendroid brings together to create a comprehensive solution.

CENTRALIZED EXCHANGE

L I QU I D I T Y R E L AT E D AC T I V I T I E S

USE R
IN T E RFACE

ORDE R BOOK
M A IN T E N A NCE

OF F E R BOOK
M A IN T E N A NCE

LOA N F UND S
& C OL L AT E R A L
M A N AGE ME N T

AC C O UN T ING T R A DE 
P OSI T ION

M A N AGE ME N T

C U S T O D I A N O F U S E R F U N D S

LOA N 
RE PAY ME N T
TO L E NDE R

M A RGIN
AC C O UN T

L IQUIDAT ION

M A RGIN L E V E L
M A IN T E N A NCE

M A RG I N AC C O U N T M O N I T O R I N G

F I G U R E 1

MARGIN TRADING 
CENTRALIZED ARCHITECTURE



1.3. AN  ETHICAL 
PARENTHESIS
  
 Ethical considerations seldom find a place in 

discussions about the structure of new 

cryptoeconomic models. In the case of Lendroid, 

however, they assume unique context.

 

This protocol aims to take forward a culture of 

fairness inherent in the blockchain ecosystem. 

Lendroid sets out to achieve total decentralization 

and true trust-independence at the most basic, 

reliable levels. Lendroid is not agnostic or indifferent 

to trust, which is after all, a positive phenomenon. It  

simply recognizes and leverages a paradox – trust 

abounds only in an environment that does not 

depend on it. To paraphrase a celebrated Google 

adage, on Lendroid the hope is that one ‘Can’t Be Evil’.

Further on in this whitepaper, you will see that this 

end state is sought with a two-pronged approach –

a. Inviolability: Vital, sensitive, conventionally 

trust-dependent functions like fund management 

are executed on-chain and via publicly accessible, 

inviolable Ethereum smart contracts.

b. Symbiosis: Wherein the off-chain players are 

incentivized to carry out their functions and whose 

propensity for profit and growth is proportionate to 

that of the other players in the ecosystem.



USE R
IN T E RFACE

ORDE R BOOK
M A IN T E N A NCE

OF F E R BOOK
M A IN T E N A NCE

ASK       BIDS

LENDER M A RGIN TR A DER

WR A NGLER

LOA N F UND S
& C OL L AT E R A L
M A N AGE ME N T

AC C O UN T ING T R A DE 
P OSI T ION

M A N AGE ME N T

LOA N 
RE PAY ME N T
TO L E NDE R

M A RGIN
AC C O UN T

L IQUIDAT ION

M A RGIN L E V E L
M A IN T E N A NCE

ON CH AIN

REL AY ER

L I QU I D I T Y 
R E L AT E D 

AC T I V I T I E S

M A RG I N 
AC C O U N T 
M O N I T O R I N G

C U S T O D I A N O F U S E R F U N D S

F I G U R E 2

MARGIN TRADING
DECENTRALIZED ARCHITECTURE



1.4. LENDROID – AN OVERVIEW

A margin trader starts by depositing collateral. The trader is allowed to borrow up 

to a certain leverage to the point where the margin level is greater that the initial 

level (set through community governance).The borrowed funds come from the 

shared lending pool to which the lenders can submit offers. With the borrowed 

funds, the trader interacts with order-books to calibrate positions to reflect 

expectations from future price movements. The positions, while active, are held in 

the smart contract. Neither the collateral nor the tokens purchased using the 

borrowed funds can leave the margin account until the loans obligations are 

cleared by the margin trader. Once the traders feel it’s time to unwind their 

position, the trader once again interacts with the order book. If the trader made a 

profit, he can repay the lenders and withdraw the profit along with his collateral. If 

a loss is incurred, the trader is expected to deposit the difference to compensate 

for the losses, repay the loans in full and only then withdraw collateral.

However, the above mentioned is only a best-case scenario; other less favorable 

scenarios can also occur. What happens if the asset price in the open positions or 

the value of the collateral starts to drop?

In a central exchange, such a situation would be manually solved by a margin call 

that the exchange would make to the trader, asking them to rebalance his margin 

account. In the decentralized context, this is handled by off-chaining such 

operations to a utility layer comprised of self-interested actors working to maintain 

stability within the network. One of the actors – Relayers – are based on a similar 

concept propagated by the 0x protocol [6]. The other – Wranglers – are an entirely 

original entity propounded by Lendroid. While a comprehensive description is 

provided in subsequent sections, a Wrangler’s role might be defined as one related 

to margin account monitoring. The Wrangler aids in margin-level maintenance, 

calls out margin accounts at liquidation levels (for which he is incentivised with a 

‘bounty’) and, on liquidation, repays the Margin Trader’s loan to the Lender. 

We propose a network consisting of two types of actions: off-chain actions that 

propagate an intent and on-chain actions that confirm the intent, thereby 

committing the state of the network on the Ethereum blockchain.



No information provided by the Oracle forms the basis for 

sensitive decisions that involve fund management or account 

liquidation. The fate of the margin account is determined by 

a process that involves multiple actors, and with opposing 

interests. Such decisions are the result of a unique auction 

process, which will be elaborated in a separate chapter in this 

whitepaper. The crux is that this process is open to and 

involves wranglers other than just the one who identified the 

terminal account. It also involves the margin trader. These 

two sets of actors, with opposite intents, change positions, 

bid and quote towards something that is most in their 

economical interests, based on the external information they 

bring independently. 

Collusion is thus ruled out, the situation is no longer centrally 

driven and, most importantly, whatever external information 

the actors subscribe to is translated into an actual transaction 

when they bring it on-chain. 

1.5. HOW TO USE YOUR ORACLE

Use cases in the past have demonstrated the unviability of an 

Oracle-based approach on the Ethereum blockchain [7]. The 

drawbacks in terms of tag, efficacy of information and the 

fact that an Oracle is a centralizing component make such an 

approach cumbersome and less than completely reliable. 

Despite this, Oracles currently remain the simplest means of 

bringing external data on-chain. 

On Lendroid, Oracles serve as a point of reference, and as a 

preventive against unwarranted triggers from Wranglers.

An Oracle function is commissioned by the smart contract to 

independently verify what a Wrangler identifies as a Margin 

Account at liquidation level. The gas expense from this 

verification is borne by the Wrangler. However, the data 

provided by Oracle, even when it corroborates the Wrangler’s 

claim, does not result in liquidation of the account. It triggers 

a process unique to Lendroid. 

A more comprehensive and effective understanding of the 

protocol can be achieved when approached from the user 

journeys of four key actors.

2.1. THE LENDER

Analogous to the Maker from the 0x protocol [6], the lender 

broadcasts the loan-offer to all decentralized exchanges 

(off-chain action). 

Of the different types of accounts within the Lendroid Smart 

Contract system, the Funding Account is available to the 

lenders to deposit funds into and offer loans from.

Each loan offer is a data packet called the offer object 

containing the terms of the loan, offer parameters, and an 

associated ECDSA signature. The loan terms and parameters 

are concatenated and hashed to produce a 32 byte-long 

Keccak SHA3 signature called the offer-hash. The lender 

signs this offer-hash with their private key to produce the 

ECDSA signature.

As discussed in section 1, it is imperative that the interests of 

the Lender - who contributes to the shared liquidity pool - 

are protected. This is enabled by empowering the Lender to 

define key parameters within the offer object.

2.1.1. Defining the Offer Object

Off chain, the Lender defines the offer object with a range of parameters [See Table 1], key among them

a. Loan Amount and Interest Rate: The Lender defines the offer amount (token offered and number of units of the token) and sets 

the interest to be calculated on a daily basis. 

b. Loan Expiration Period: The validity of the loan from the time it is availed. On expiry, the loan is called in and, should the borrower 

so choose, rolled over with another loan.

c. Offer Expiration: The validity of the offer itself. Based on the demand for a token, a Lender might want to change his offer to reflect 

a different interest rate or number of token units. Setting a prudent expiry time for the offer allows for this flexibility, without having 

go on-chain.



A more comprehensive and effective understanding of the 

protocol can be achieved when approached from the user 

journeys of four key actors.

2.1. THE LENDER

Analogous to the Maker from the 0x protocol [6], the lender 

broadcasts the loan-offer to all decentralized exchanges 

(off-chain action). 

Of the different types of accounts within the Lendroid Smart 

Contract system, the Funding Account is available to the 

lenders to deposit funds into and offer loans from.

Each loan offer is a data packet called the offer object 

containing the terms of the loan, offer parameters, and an 

associated ECDSA signature. The loan terms and parameters 

are concatenated and hashed to produce a 32 byte-long 

Keccak SHA3 signature called the offer-hash. The lender 

signs this offer-hash with their private key to produce the 

ECDSA signature.

As discussed in section 1, it is imperative that the interests of 

the Lender - who contributes to the shared liquidity pool - 

are protected. This is enabled by empowering the Lender to 

define key parameters within the offer object.

2.1.1. Defining the Offer Object

Off chain, the Lender defines the offer object with a range of parameters [See Table 1], key among them

a. Loan Amount and Interest Rate: The Lender defines the offer amount (token offered and number of units of the token) and sets 

the interest to be calculated on a daily basis. 

b. Loan Expiration Period: The validity of the loan from the time it is availed. On expiry, the loan is called in and, should the borrower 

so choose, rolled over with another loan.

c. Offer Expiration: The validity of the offer itself. Based on the demand for a token, a Lender might want to change his offer to reflect 

a different interest rate or number of token units. Setting a prudent expiry time for the offer allows for this flexibility, without having 

go on-chain.

Though not part of the offer object as currently envisioned, automatic renewals of loans too can be explored.

TA B L E 1

Name  Datatype  Description

loanContract address  Address of the Smart Contract that handles availing and canceling of

   loan offers

lender address Address offering the loan

borrower address  (Optional - For point-to-point offers) Address availing the loan

loanToken address The token offered as loan 

maxLoanExpiration uint256 Maximum time up to which the loan is active since the offer was accepted    

   (Time in seconds since unix epoch)

offerAmount uint256 Total units of loan token offered by lender

interestRate uint256 Rate of interest calculated on a daily basis

offerExpiration uint256 Time at which the offer expires (Time in seconds since unix epoch)

salt uint256 Arbitrary number that provides uniqueness for the offer's Keccak SHA3 hash

relayer address Exchange address via which the offer is broadcast 

relayerFeeLender uint256 Highest amount of LST units paid to a relayer by the lender for closing a loan.

   If the loan is closed prematurely, the relayer is paid pro-rata.

relayerFeeBorrower uint256 Highest amount of LST units paid to a vigilante by the borrower for closing a 

   loan. If the loan is closed prematurely, the relayer is paid pro-rata. 

wranglerFeeLender uint256 Highest amount of LST units paid to a wrangler by the lender for closing a

   loan. If the loan is closed prematurely, the wrangler is paid pro-rata.

wranglerFeeBorrower uint256 Highest amount of LST units paid to a wrangler by the borrower for closing a 

   loan. If the loan is closed prematurely, the wrangler is paid pro-rata.

v unit8 ECDSA signature of the above arguments

r bytes 32 ECDSA signature of the above arguments

s bytes32 ECDSA signature of the above arguments



It is important to note that every loan also requires some LST for initialization. To lubricate the inherent processes, the lender deposits 

some LST meant for the Relayer at the end of the loan period. Some he deposits for the Wrangler in the event that it was he who 

identified the Margin Account at liquidation level and helped close the loan. The LSTs required for these processes are locked in at the 

time of initiation. If there is not enough LST for these processes, the loan is not initialized. 

2.1.2. Cancelling the Loan Offer

A loan offer is deemed invalid, and therefore is cancelled, in the following cases:

a. If a loan offer is availed after its expiration period: In this case, the Loan Smart Contract recognizes that the offer cannot be availed 

anymore, and triggers an event indicating to all Relayers that the loan with the corresponding hash is invalid. It is in the Relayers’ best 

interests to not display expired loans in the first place and, even if they do, they have the option to listen in on the LoanOfferCancelled 

event from the Loan Smart Contract.

b. If a Lender decides to cancel an offer that has been left unavailed and unfilled: In this case, the lender can call the Loan Smart 

contract’s CancelLoan function which further triggers the LoanOfferCancelled event from the same Smart Contract, thus notifying all 

listening Relayers. Cancelling a loan offer is a fallback mechanism and costs gas. Therefore, it is in the best interests of the lender to 

set a suitable ExpirationPeriod on the offer to avoid on-chain transactions.

2.2.1. Interface

As actors that operate almost entirely off-chain, the Relayer’s 

potential for creating a smooth, fast, user experience, is 

limitless. Available interfaces today offer an increasingly 

sophisticated dashboard, with periodic upgrades in 

granularity, of data native to the protocol, as well as relevant 

external information from the market, to help lenders and 

margin traders make more informed decisions. 

Loan offers are captured and offered as part of this interface. 

The richness of the information on display depends on the 

depth that a particular Relayer chooses to showcase. Without 

2.2 THE RELAYER

The Relayer is the first point of contact for both lender and trader on the Lendroid protocol. Off chain, this entity effectively takes up 

the liquidity related functions of an exchange in a wholly decentralized manner. The one significant addition to the Lendroid Relayer 

over its 0x counterpart is the management of loan offers. Relayers provide an interface, and manage order books and offer books. 

They are key to creating the shared global lending pool. 

exception, every Relayer has complete access to the shared 

lending pool – the collective of loan offers recorded with not 

just one particular Relayer, but with the entire community of 

Relayers on the protocol. 

Relayers can also offer APIs to facilitate programmatic access 

to offer books. 

With access to the entire lending pool, and with off-chain 

speed and flexibility at their disposal, Relayers can maintain 

liquidity and create an interface that encourages patronage.



2.2.2. Bookkeeping 

The same off-chain advantage in interface extends to the 

bookkeeping function of the Relayer as well. With 

computational power unbridled by on-chain lags and costs 

in gas, a Relayer can maintain Offer Books in a real-time, 

seamless manner. 

The Relayer is incentivized with a fee in the Lendroid Support 

Token (LST) for recording and relaying the loan offer. A fee is 

paid by the Lender and, when the loan is availed, by the 

borrower/margin trader as well. Attracting liquidity into the 

platform, the Relayer is paid only when a loan is availed, and 

closed properly. The Relayer is able to match and offer with 

an ask even if it originated with another Relayer. Despite the 

incentive, and the fact that the Relayer has access to the 

entire shared lending pool, the protocol remains trust 

independent because of two key 0x-inspired characteristics 

[6], written into the protocol itself. 

a. Relayers cannot execute transactions on behalf of the 

Lender or the Margin Trader. They can only recommend an 

ideal offer. 

L1

L3 L4 R2

L2 L3 R3

L2 M1

M3 M4

M2 M4

M2R1

R2

R5

R4

b. A clear fee structure when a loan is availed. The Relayer 

with whom the offer was recorded is paid by the Lender, and 

the same Relayer is paid by the Margin Trader once the loan 

is paid back.

2.2.3. A Global, Shared Liquidity Pool

Due to the inherent trust-independence of the protocol, 

access to loan offers is not limited to any one Relayer or a 

particular set of Relayers on Lendroid. As an extension, all 

the lenders and the Margin Traders on the platform 

contribute to liquidity in the ecosystem. 

As Figure 3 illustrates, a lender is free to engage with any 

Relayer on the protocol. Irrespective of who they record the 

loan offer with, it goes into the shared lending pool. When 

catering to the Margin Trader, a Relayer is free to recommend 

loan offers received from any Relayer. In the interest of 

providing a ‘sticky’ experience that could make him the 

Primary Relayer, it is in his best interest to connect the 

Lender or Margin Trader to the most ideal offer.

F I G U R E 3

LIQUIDITY



2.3 THE MARGIN TRADER

On Lendroid, the Margin Trader enjoys leveraged 

lending in a uniquely decentralized 

environment. He deposits collateral, avails the 

loan offered by lenders and engages in margin 

trading/short selling. He opens a margin 

account, within which he is free to change 

positions or add collateral. He can withdraw his 

collateral or liquidate his Margin Account when 

there are no loans owed. Here’s how those 

actions play out, broadly. 

2.3.1. Locking in Collateral

Lendroid is compatible with any ERC20-based token. This gives the 

Margin Trader a high level of flexibility with respect to the nature of 

collateral he can deposit against a loan. A Margin Trader is free to 

deposit not just one kind of collateral in a token of his choice, but 

multiple kinds of ERC20-based tokens at the same time, in the same 

margin account. However, the support for a token has other 

considerations besides compatibility alone. 

In what is envisioned as a community-driven governance model, the 

protocol will add or remove support for a token based on the current 

volatility of the token. 

If the Margin Trader finds that the health of the margin account has 

dipped, he can add collateral at any time before the liquidation 

process is initiated on his account.

2.3.2. Availing a Loan

As illustrated in section 2.1, a Margin Trader can avail a loan through 

his Relayer. It is in the interfacer provider’s interest to connect him to 

the ideal offer. 

Offers are signed by the respective Lenders who made them are 

available with the Relayer. When a Margin Trader finds one that is 

suitable for his needs, he calls the availLoan function on the Loan 

Smart Contract, by including the offer object in the function call.

Using the ecrecover function, the smart contract will then verify that 

the signature is valid and, based on the timestamp, that the offer has 

not expired. The Smart Contract also checks the Lender’s funding 

account to make sure there are sufficient funds to carry out the offer. 

Once ratified, the funds are credited to the Trader’s Margin Account 

and debited from the Lender’s Funding Account.



ORDE R
BOOK

M A RGIN AC C O UN T
( T R A DE P OSI T ION )

M A RGIN AC C O UN T
( T R A DE P OSI T ION )

O x

Ky b e r

O me ga1

A B C A B C

A

B

C

A B C

M A RGIN AC C O UN T
( T R A DE P OSI T ION )

A B C

ORDE R
BOOK

O x

Ky b e r

O me ga1

ORDE R
BOOK

O x

Ky b e r

O me ga1

A B C

23.3. The Margin Account

The Margin Trader stakes LST when opening a Margin Account. This stake is refundable, when the Trader closes trade positions and 

repays the loan. However, in case the account drops below the liquidation level, the deposit becomes a bounty for the Wranglers.

In the Margin Account, neither the collateral nor the positions can be withdrawn without honouring the terms of the loan. However, 

a Margin Trader is free to manipulate both elements at any time to maximize returns. He can top up collateral in a flagging account, 

and calibrate his positions with the help of decentralized order book protocols. 

Figure 4 illustrates part of the user journey of a Margin Trader. His relationship with the Margin Account, dynamic and protected at 

the same time, can be understood in three states. 

F I G U R E 4



In Figure 4a, there’s the Margin Account on the extreme 

right, which contains the capital he borrowed for the trade, 

and the possibility of creating trade positions out  of  

available funds. 

In Figure 4b, we see that the Margin Trader has calibrated 

his trade positions. This intent is recorded on-chain, and 

executed using a decentralized order book protocol. 

Lendroid is capable of integrating with multiple order book 

protocols, including 0x, Kyber, Omega, and others. When 

positions need to be updated or rearranged, the Margin 

Trader can delegate the function to the most liquid order 

book protocol in the ecosystem. 

In Figure 4c, we see that at the end of a trading session, the 

trade  positions  have  done  well  for  the  Margin  Trader  and 

a profit  has  been  accrued    over    and    above  the  

borrowed capital.  

2.3.4. Closing a Loan

The loan terms are specified by the Lender right at the 

beginning, when the offer is made. There are three scenarios 

in which the loan is closed. 

The first is the scenario described in Figure 4c. The Margin 

Trader has made a successful trade and is able to close the 

loan, repaying it without incident. Alternatively, the term of 

one or many loans might be close to expiry even when the 

Margin Trader is not ready to unwind his trade positions. 

Monitoring this can be delegated to incentivized actors called 

Wranglers, who will help replace or ‘roll-over’ an expiring 

loan with a fresh one. Though not built?into the protocol, this 

specific function is a logical extension of a Wrangler’s 

primary role – that of monitoring the margin account. 

In the third scenario, a Margin Account underperforms and 

warrants immediate action. A Wrangler has identified the 

account. The Wrangler then repays the loan to the Lender 

himself, and also triggers an auction of the Margin Trader’s 

collateral and positions.  

A fourth and less likely scenario is a Black Swan event, where 

a Margin Account has been left unattended by Wrangler and 

Margin Trader and, for enough time to cause damage, by the 

Lender himself. In such a case, the Lender can call in his 

loans and as a result will take over and choose to withdraw 

the collateral and trade positions as a compensation.

2.4 THE WRANGLER

The Wrangler is an entity conceptualized for the Lendroid ecosystem. One of two incentivized actors within the protocol, the Wrangler 

is intended to perform a computationally intensive role: that of monitoring the Margin Accounts. By monitoring and ‘Wrangling’ 

terminal accounts (at liquidation level), the Wrangler maintains the general health of the ecosystem, while also protecting the 

interests of the Lenders. However, the applications of such processing power spill beyond the requirements of the protocol, and can 

begin to enhance the experience of the other participants. 

2.4.1. Margin Level Monitoring

Every on-chain event is broadcast on the protocol. It is this broadcast that the Wrangler tunes into. The Wrangler keeps tabs on each 

development: from the creation of a Margin Account, to every state change in position, adding of collateral, etc until the account           

is liquidated.



Whenever there is a change in the state of a Margin Account as a result of calling a function from the Lendroid Smart Contract system, 

the Account Smart Contract triggers an event notifying and specifying the function name and the corresponding Margin Account.

For accurate and contextual computation, the Wrangler needs both on-chain and off-chain data. 

It is important to note that margin monitoring, recognized as an aspect of risk management, was hitherto performed by a centralized 

exchange to protect the Lender’s interests and the market integrity. Conventional exchanges would make what is known as a ‘margin 

call’ – an actual phone call to the trader, asking him to deposit additional funds – when the account dipped below a certain percentage 

of leverage [8]. Since the concept of a margin call is improbable on the blockchain ecosystem, the Wrangler’s role becomes all the 

more vital for the health of the market. This is why the Wrangler’s role, powered by computational capability, is incentivized in 

innovative ways. For instance, as seen in 2.3.4., a Wrangler can be delegated – for a fee by the Lender – to not just monitor the Account, 

but also help with rolling over an expiring loan with a fresh one. 

The Wrangler picks up a bounty when he ‘wrangles’ an Account at liquidation level. He also stands to earn the right to the Margin 

Trader’s collateral or his trade positions, when he triggers an Auction.

The following pseudocode highlights the set of off-chain 

and on-chain computations performed by the Wrangler 

while monitoring Margin Accounts. Figure 5 illustrates the 

process.:

• defaultingAccount = None;

• while defaultingAccount is None:

  - (on-chain) pick a random position pr from the list      

     of open positions;

  - (on-chain) obtain the units from  

     pr[collateralUnits], pr[totalBorrowedUnits], and   

     pr[positionUnits] by calling the getPositionDetails(pr)       

     function from the MarginTrade Smart Contract;

  - (off-chain) query the market values for these  units;

  - (off-chain) calculate collateral value;

  - (off-chain) calculate total borrowed value;

  - (off-chain) calculate position value;

  - (off-chain) calculate the resulting profit / loss;

  - (on-chain) obtain the loan terms by calling 

     getLoanOfferDetails(pr[offerHash]) function from the 

     Loan Smart Contract;

  - (off-chain) calculate interest accrued based on the loan 

     terms;

  - (off-chain) calculate the margin level from formula f1;

     - If the margin level falls below 20%:

     - defaultingAccount = pr[account];

• if defaultingAccount is not None:

  - (on-chain) call triggerAuction(defaultingAccount)  

     from the Auction Smart Contract

Name           Datatype         Description

marginAccount            address          Address of themargin account whose state has changed

functionName            string          The function call that resulted in the state change.

TA B L E 2



Actively listening to state changes 
in any Margin Account

Recursive querying of market data

Reporting a defaulting Margin Account 
& initiating liquidation

Verifying the report

Liquidating the Margin Account & 
Rewarding the Vigilante

EXTERNAL MARKET

SCS

ORACLE

MARGIN ACCOUTS

WRANGLER

M1 M2 M3 M4

2.4.2. Triggering an Auction

Having identified what he deems a terminal Margin Account, the Wrangler already stands to win the bounty attached to 

it. However, there is more at stake. The Wrangler cannot withdraw the collateral or liquidate the positions any more than 

the Margin Trader can. He triggers an auction, a competitive process, which demands that the claim is verified by the 

Lendroid Smart Contract system and also by other competing Wranglers via independent sources of market information. 

The actual auction process is described in a subsequent section.

MARGIN ACCOUNT 
MONITORING

F I G U R E 5



3. THE 
LENDROID 
AUCTION

3.1. WHO IT HELPS 

The auction’s primary aim is to repay the Lender’s loan with interest. The 

auction is complete only if this basic criterion is met. To exercise their right on 

the collateral and the positions, the Wranglers repay the lender funds 

proportionate to the percentage they won in the auction. Because the 

competition prompts Wranglers to bid progressively lower for the collateral, 

the Margin Trader stands a chance to salvage some of his collateral at the end 

of the exercise, instead of having to lose it all. The Wrangler who identified the 

account is paid the bounty, and every Wrangler who bid successfully gets to 

win a portion of the assets. 

In short, the Wranglers get to further their assets at a potentially discounted 

price, the Margin Trader is not impacted beyond repair, and the Lender’s 

interests are protected.

3.2. HOW IT HAPPENS 

Multiple Wranglers can monitor the margin account at the same time. The 

Wrangler who first identifies the terminal account triggers the startAuction 

function in the Auction Smart Contract. The Smart Contract triggers an 

Oracle call and subsequently checks the account’s margin level. The oracle, in 

this case, serves as an anti-spam feature. If the margin level is below the 

liquidation level, then the auction starts.

Once the auction commences, it remains open for a total of 3 minutes 

allowing various Wranglers to submit their bids. Say the total amount owed by 

the trader is 100 ETH. If Wrangler1 pays 10 ETH and Wrangler2 pays 30 ETH, 

they receive 10% and 30% of the Margin Account respectively. In addition to 

receiving trade positions, they can also request a portion of the collateral. The 

collateral requested is transferred to compensate for losses in the trade 

positions taken over by them. Both the LSTs and the collateral are distributed 

based on % of the position closed by the Wranglers. The only exception being 

The concept of a market order or limit order 

is inefficient in conventional exchanges and 

improbable on the blockchain. It requires 

intractable trust in the centralized 

exchange. When the collateral and positions 

of a Margin Account need to be repurposed, 

they are taken over by one or more 

Wranglers following a competitive bid. To be 

clear, this is not a winner-take-all auction. 

Every Wrangler chooses to repay a small 

portion of the total outstanding loan and his 

bid will be proportionately considered. In 

other words, the Wrangler takes over the 

account, but only the corresponding 

percentage of the loan that he repays.



the first Wrangler to detect the unhealthy Margin Account who is guaranteed 

25% of the LSTs staked as a reward for hisvigilance. The remaining 75% is 

then distributed among the rest. 

To summarize, the % of the position closed will determine how much of the 

LST and collateral each Wrangler receives, while the % of collateral requested 

will determine the order in which the Wranglers repay the loan. 

Scenario: 

Total margin account loans: 100 ETH 

Total interest accrued: 1.5 ETH

Total owed to lenders: 101.5 ETH

Wranglers start bidding for a portion or the whole Margin Account, and how 

much collateral they require in addition to portion of the open positions they 

have rights over.

Once 3 minutes have passed, the smart contract proceeds to process the bids 

and allocates the positions, collateral and LSTs accordingly.

TA B L E 3

                          Loan Repaid           Collateral % Requested

Wrangler 1           10                     100

Wrangler 2          30                     45

Wrangler 3          50                     65

Wrangler 4          30                     50



The Smart Contract is a pivotal aspect of the Lendroid protocol. Permissionless access and censorship resistance have been two key 

focuses of the Ethereum Smart Contract. Considering the evolving nature of the Lendroid protocol, and the immutability of the Smart 

Contract, we have worked towards a design that enables upgradability and modularity. 

It is important to note that Lendroid is a Smart Contract System. It runs not on one central Smart Contract, but a system of coded rules 

of how to handle values inside the Ethereum blockchain. 

4.1. UPGRADABLE AND MODULAR

In the Lendroid Smart Contract System, there are the Fund Smart Contracts, Business Logic Contracts and the Proxy Contracts. 

Funds are held and handled in a Fund Smart Contract. The inviolable nature of these contracts is effectively put to use when defining 

loan contracts, or executing a range of cryptoeconomic functions. 

The Business Rules Smart Contracts, on the other hand, are community-driven contracts. Market parameters, token support and 

other considerations will be determined by the community. When such modifications are writ, the Proxy Smart Contract redirects to 

the relevant Business Rules Smart Contract. 

Lendroid will subsequently introduce two types of scripts. One for monitoring Margin Accounts and defaulting loans, and the other to 

bid auctions that Wranglers can put to use. These scripts are designed to minimize effort in monitoring and bidding. 

The bids are ordered by collateral % requested:

TA B L E 4

 Loan Repaid Collateral %  Accepted  LST %  Actual Collateral %
 (ETH) Requested       Distributed

Wrangler 2 30 45  30   10.2  = 45 * 30/101.5 = 13.3%

Wrangler 4 30 50  30   10.2  =50* 30/101.5 = 14.82

Wrangler 3 50 65  41.5 accepted  54.6  = 50 *41/101.5  26.58%
     and 8.5 refunded  

Wrangler 1 10 100  Rejected and  25  0
     Refunded

Margin Trader          Refunded = 45.3%



The Lendroid Support Token, or LST, is the native token of the Lendroid protocol. Participation requires a user to possess LSTs. Those 

that do not are incentivized to earn LSTs by engaging in activities that contribute to the health of the ecosystem. 

As with all ERC20 tokens, LSTs will be tradeable following the crowd sale (details in annexure). 

The LST has been envisioned for a three-fold objective: to lubricate process and drive utility on the protocol; to incentivize 

participation; to empower governance. As a non-rent-seeking protocol, self-sustenance can be achieved only if the LST is tied to 

value creation.

5.1. UTILITY TOLL

To quote Ethereum Foundation advisor William Mougayar, ““...there needs to be a specific linkage between user actions and the 

resulting effects of those actions on the overall value to the organization.”

The LST enables utility and lubricates process on the protocol. There are four players on the protocol, two of which provide utility - 

the Relayers and the Wranglers - and two others who avail of these utilities and participate to maximize profits - the Lenders and the 

Borrowers/Margin Traders. On Lendroid, the toll for service or utility providers on the protocol is baked into the system.  

Consider the following table. When floating an offer, for instance, the Lender deposits LST fees meant for the Relayer as well as for 

the Wrangler. When the Margin Trader avails the loan, he too deposits his toll for the Wrangler and the Relayer. The toll is paid only 

when the loan is closed, and only pro-rata depending on how long the loan was open. However, the deposit is always made in full - 

the maximum possible fee for the full loan term.  

Transaction  Lender Relayer  Wrangler  Margin Trader

Avail Loan - -  -   -

Close Loan Pays Receives  Receives   Pays

Margin Position changed - Receives  Receives   Pays

Margin Call Pays -  Receives   Pays

TA B L E 5



5.2. INCENTIVIZED PARTICIPATION 

Even without possessing a single token of LST, a user might 

participate on Lendroid. As a Wrangler, he can monitor Margin 

Accounts and choose to earn LSTs by identifying those 

accounts at liquidation level. In other words, they can be part 

of the network even without LSTs, by pitching in to provide 

vital services like monitoring loan lifecycles and margin 

accounts. In incentivizing the community, Lendroid hopes to 

sustain its operations  and  maintain  the  health  of  its  

Margin Accounts. 

5.3. ENABLING GOVERNANCE

Even when considering the blockchain ecosystem as a whole, 

governance is an evolving aspect. Not all the models that 

work in real life have been transmuted for the ecosystem and 

nor do they necessarily have the same results [9]. 

The LST has been envisioned as a vehicle to enable Code 

upgrades, Network parameters, and Supported assets. The 

last aspect, for instance, cannot be arbitrary or centrally 

controlled. While Lendroid is designed to be compatible with 

all ERC20 tokens, there might be, on a particular day, a 

particular token that proves  too volatile to lend or trade in. In 

such instances, the community can choose to suspend 

support to that particular token. 

During the initial stages of the system, the code, terms and 

parameters will be set by the Lendroid team. These will 

subsequently become community-based processes, allowing 

for such models as M of N and the Decentralized 

Autonomous Organization (DAO) or other models that the 

community adopts [10]. The vehicle for such governance will, 

however, be the LST.



LEND AGAINST ANYTHING THAT CAN BE TOKENIZED

We believe that assets in the future will be tokenized and tradeable globally in real time. We believe Lendroid holds limitless 

applications in marketplaces across industries. 

In this whitepaper, we elucidate a protocol on the Ethereum blockchain that makes a founding attempt at bringing together 

lending, leveraged margin trading and short selling, onto a single protocol – decentralized, trust-independent, 

non-rent-seeking. The protocol seeks to overcome ‘on-chain’ limitations of inadequate computational power, latency and 

impractical gas cost by creating a symbiotic off-chain infrastructure supported by incentivized participants. The native token 

keeps the network operational, fuels the utility layer of the protocol and offers security to community governance. An 

important goal of the protocol is to nurture a decentralized, global, shared lending pool, with far-reaching applications beyond 

just the use case of margin trading. The modular and extensible nature of the protocol could make it the basis for all 

lending-related use cases for an increasing number of assets that are being tokenized across industries. The protocol’s 

inherent non-partisanship, where no single group of stakeholders draws arbitrary benefit, is inspired by 0x.

F I G U R E 6

SHARED
LENDING

POOL



• Enabling Lending, Leveraged Margin Trading and Short Selling on a Single Protocol

- Non-rent seeking, publicly accessible, decentralized and trust-independent

- Compatible with all ERC20 tokens

- Publicly accessible smart contracts for enhanced interoperability

• Decentralized Lending

- Borrower pledges collateral, eligible for 2.5 times leverage

- Lender defines terms of loan - amount, interest, expiration period - in offer object, with ECDSA signature

- ecrecover function verifies signature, Smart Contract checks validity of loan, Lender’s funding account. Funds then credited to 

   Trader’s Margin Account

• Shared Lending Pool

- All loan offers are recorded and available to every Relayer on the protocol

- Irrespective of which Relayer records the loan offer, it is accessible by all Relayers

- A Shared Lending pool has far-reaching applications, beyond just margin trading

• Margin Trading

- A Margin Trader can deposit not just one kind of collateral in a token of his choice, but multiple  kinds of ERC20-based tokens at        

   the same time, in the same margin account.

- Stakes LST when opening a Margin Account. This is refunded if he closes his positions and repays the loan, and is paid as 

   bounty to Wranglers if the account reaches liquidation level. 

- On successful trade and meeting loan terms, Margin Trader may withdraw collateral and profits.

• Interface and Bookkeeping

- Relayers maintain offer books and order books off-chain

- Relayers can offer APIs to facilitate programmatic access to offer books

- With access to the entire lending pool, Relayers can maintain liquidity and create an interface that encourages patronage.

- Relayers are incentivized with the native token LST. They are paid when loans are closed.  

• Margin-Level Monitoring and Loan Repayment

- Wranglers are Lendroid-exclusive players, incentivized to monitor Margin Accounts and close loans.



8. APPENDIX

- Wranglers monitor margin accounts off-chain, ‘wrangle’ accounts at liquidation level, repay Lender’s loan, take over trader’s        

   options and collateral.

- Loan repayment is an incentivized aspect of the protocol; encourages symbiosis among the players.

- Loan is closed either by the Trader after successful trade, by Wranglers after taking over Margin                   

   Account at liquidation level. In the unlikely case neither trader or Wrangler repay, the lender calls in the loan, withdraws 

   collateral and trade positions.

• Lendroid Auction

- When a Wrangler identifies a terminal margin account, the claim is verified by the smart contract. If ratified, the Wrangler is 

   awarded a bounty (part of the loan offer object, deposited by the Lender) and the triggerAuction function is called.

- The Lendroid auction is not winner take all. The trader’s collateral and positions are taken over, but not by any single Wrangler.        

   Every Wrangler chooses to repay a small portion of total outstanding loan and  his bid would be proportionately considered.

• Lendroid Support Token

- Powers the utility layer of the protocol.

- LSTs are baked into the protocol for the service providers – Relayers and Wranglers.

- Incentivizes participation on the protocol. For example, without a single LST, a user is authorized to monitor margin accounts 

   and if she identifies an account at liquidation level, stands to earn LSTs

- Envisioned as a vehicle to enable code upgrades, Network parameters, and Supported assets.

From here on, margin trading seemed a logical first use case 

for Lendroid. 

8.1  MARGIN TRADING 1.0

If a trader wishes to monetize his confidence in the price of an 

asset increasing/decreasing, he would take a position by 

purchasing/selling the asset. If he is extremely certain, he 

would build a leveraged position by borrowing additional 

funds from a lender to magnify his profits [11].See Figure 7.

While the positions are subject to market risks and the 

trader’s decisions, the loan terms are typically defined by a 

contract, replete with interest rates, a specific time frame for 

repayment of the loan amount, and legal/punitive action in 

case of defaulting. Despite its volatility (or perhaps because of 

it), margin trading is a widely adopted process globally. It is 

typically carried out through a centralized exchange, which 

manages the Margin Account. 



8.1.1. Margin Account and Levels 

A Trader is mandated to maintain some 

predetermined levels in his Margin Account at all 

times. A dip in these levels can trigger warnings or 

lead to automatic liquidation of the Margin Account. 

To guard against risk, while exchanges have defined a 

range of levels exclusive to particular economic 

systems, some of these levels are used consistently 

in exchanges around the world. 

 

a. Initial Level: The trader deposits an initial margin, 

which is a certain percentage of the total traded 

value. The deposit can be in funds and/or in 

securities. This initial margin too is determined by the 

exchange. Centralized exchanges typically set the 

initial level at 40%. Trading can commence once the 

initial level is  deposited.The trader’s adherence to the 

initial level is used to determine whether or not a loan 

can be granted. 

b. Liquidation Level: Volatility and price are dynamic 

during trading, and the exchange lends itself to a 

certain level of uncertainty. However, there is a point 

at which confidence in the performance of the 

margin account disappears. The absolute level at 

which an account is liquidated - the collateral and 

positions sold off - is the liquidation level. Typically, if 

the initial level is at 30% to 40%, the liquidation level 

is set at 15% to 20%. 

Borrows from Lender

Opens trade positions 

with the borrowed funds

Closes open positions 

and repays loan

Withdraws profit / loss

MARGIN 
TRADING
BASIC 

LENDER

LOA N CONTR AC T

M A RGIN TR A DER

M A RK E T

F I G U R E 7



CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING SCENARIO:

Assumption: 1 XYT(a fictional token) = 0.10 ETH; 1 XXT (a fictional token) = 0.20 ETH 

A Margin Trader deposits 1000 XYT as collateral. For an initial margin of 40%, the Margin Trader gets 2.5 times the 

collateral value, that is, upto 250 ETH. This is the total borrowed amount which she then uses to open a position on 

XXT for an initial value of 1250 XXT. For a liquidation level set to 20%, Table 1 shows how a few possible scenarios 

can play out over a timeline. At each time ti, the Margin Level is calculated by the formula:

Margin Level = ( (Net Value of Margin Account - Loss in Position) / total borrowed amount ) * 100 %

T0:

       Collateral value = 1000 XYT * 0.1 ETH = 100 ETH

       Total borrowed value = 250 ETH

       Position value = 1250 XXT * 0.2 ETH = 250 ETH

       Interest accrued = 0 ETH

       P/L = Position value - Total borrowed value = 0 ETH

       Margin level = Collateral value/Total borrowed value  =100/250 = 40%

       Margin level = (Collateral value-Interest accrued + P/L)   / Total borrowed value = (100-0+0) / 250 = 40%

Time Collateral
Units

Collateral
Value

Borrowed
Units

Borrowed
Value

Position 
Units

Position 
Value

Profit / 
(Loss)

Interest 
Accrued

Margin Level (%)

t0: 
1 XYT = 0.10 ETH;
1 XXT = 0.20 ETH

1000 XYT 100 ETH 250 ETH 250 ETH 1250 XXT 250 ETH 0 ETH 0 ETH (100-0+0) / 250 
= 40%

t1: 
1 XYT = 0.10 ETH;
1 XXT = 0.25 ETH

1000 XYT 100 ETH 250 ETH 250 ETH 1250 XXT 312.5 ETH 62.5 ETH 1.2 ETH (100-1.2 + 62.5) 
/ 250 =64.52 %

t2:
1 XYT = 0.10 ETH;
1 XXT = 0.16 ETH

1000 XYT 100 ETH 250 ETH 250 ETH 1250 XXT 200 ETH (50 ETH) 2.3 ETH (100-2.3-50) / 
250 = 19.08 % 
(Margin Call!) 

The Margin Account is liquidated once the margin level reaches a below 20%

TA B L E 6



Centralized exchanges are heavily regulated by the 

governments of the countries they operate in. They are 

monolithic, inaccessible except to pre-approved participants, 

and subject to censorship. 

Even under ordinary circumstances, the level of risk can 

seem prohibitive. For instance, when a margin account 

reaches the liquidation level, there is no taking over of 

positions; just straightforward liquidation at the market 

price. It is not unusual for such ‘unrestricted’ liquidation to 

trigger what is known as a flash crash, a domino effect of 

dropping levels among margin accounts. 

But most of all, centralized exchanges have proven to be 

porous to human error or malicious attacks. Even periodic 

auditing might not be an airtight solution, since the 

vulnerability is inherent, even if the threat has not 

materialized yet. Such exchanges are subject to the same 

costs, risks and vulnerabilities that any centralized repository 

of funds or private data would be. This makes such a system 

the antithesis of the blockchain ecosystem, which is 

premised on decentralization, on absolute protection and 

anonymity by global consensus. 

However,   even   within   the   blockchain   ecosystem,   

margin   trading   happens,   for  the  most  part, via   

centralized exchanges.

8.3. WHY BYPASS THE BLOCKCHAIN ADVANTAGE?

There are a few digital asset exchanges (poloniex, bitfinex, 

kraken) that offer margin trading to their customers today. 

They do this by inviting lenders to their platform and creating 

a peer-to-peer (P2P) lending pool. The lenders have little to 

no legal recourse in terms of repayment, and thus fully rely 

on the exchanges to make sure they get repaid properly. 

A centralized exchange is a complex structure, 

built upon three layers. See Figure 1. 

• Liquidity related activities

   - User interface for lender and trader

   - Order book maintenance

   - Offer book maintenance

• Custodianship of user funds

   - Loan funds and collateral management

   - Accounting

   - Trade position management

• Margin account monitoring

   - Margin-level maintenance

   - Margin account liquidation

   - Loan repayment to lender

8.2. CENTRALIZED 
EXCHANGE



Thus, exchanges on the blockchain ecosystem, like their 

counterparts in conventional financial systems, are left with 

the onerous, dual responsibility of funds and collateral 

management as well as keeping the traders from     

defaulting [8].

The exchanges hedge part of the risk by demanding that 

margin traders hold sufficient margins at any given time, and 

intervene if there is a risk of default. A relatively high initial 

margin (20%-40% compared to 2%-10% requested by 

traditional derivatives exchanges) is demanded and the 

margin accounts are continuously monitored, and margin 

traders are requested to rebalance their margin from time to 

time. If the margin trader fails to maintain sufficient margin 

levels, the exchange could step in and partially or full 

liquidate positions. This operation of managing margin 

accounts is particularly difficult with crypto due to the high 

price volatility, but exchanges have managed to handle 

margin calls quite well (barring a few incidents [12][13]) and 

continue to maintain market integrity.

However, as custodians of customer funds, centralized 

exchanges expose them to attacks such as DDoS and hacks 

[14]. This shatters market confidence, and becomes an extra 

burden on the decision the lender has to make. This 

dissuasion results in higher overall costs of margin trading. 

The exchanges also come under the tight scanner of 

regulatory agencies in the countries they operate in. These 

agencies might instruct censoring of certain tokens, ceasing 

users funds and in some cases denying access to certain 

users by segregation (geographically) [15].

A decentralized margin trading protocol would help mitigate 

these issues by moving away  from central custodians 

holding user funds, and by creating a platform that is 

censorship resistant and can be accessed globally. Further, a 

global network of lenders will increase liquidity and reduce 

overall margin trading costs.

However, there are a few shortcomings that 

are preventing this from happening today. 

• Firstly, participants in the decentralized  

  network are not  bound by a legal system, but 

  by autonomously binding smart contracts. To 

  decrease the likelihood of a margin trader     

  defaulting, the system has to ensure that at   

  any given time, the margin trader has put up 

  enough collateral to cover any losses he 

  might incur due to sharp changes in market 

  conditions. 

• The system should be vigilant in liquidating 

  those margin accounts that are at risk of 

  defaulting.

• The design and computing capabilities of 

  Ethereum are not suited to support on-chain 

  margin trading as it demands recurring 

  computations, access to external data, and a 

  small cost to every operation performed on 

  chain. 

• Without a platform for the lenders and 

  borrowers to interact, they are left to discover 

  an appropriate match on their own, making   

  this an expensive and tedious process. 

0x paved the way to viable alternatives.



We gratefully acknowledge the principles, research and pure innovation of others on the blockchain ecosystem. Lendroid is but an 

attempt to take forward the good work others have done. We also acknowledge the support of our backers and advisors. We are 

grateful for the Lendroid team - talented, passionate people who don’t take offense at being called dreamers.

9.1. REFERENCES

1. Koudijs P., Voth H.J., Leverage and Beliefs: Personal Experience and Risk-Taking in Margin Lending,  

   American Economic Review, 2016, 106, 11, 3367-3400.

2. Fortune, P. 2001. “Margin Lending and Stock Market Volatility”, New England Economic Review 4, 

   Federal Reserve Bank of Boston.

3. Margrabe W., “The Value of an Option to Exchange One Asset for Another”, Journal of Finance, XXXIII 

   (1978), 177-86.

4. https://www.bfxdata.com, Accessed October 1, 2017.

5. Rademacher R. (Lincolnshire, IL, US)., Adkisson D. (Glenview, IL, US), & Maloy D. (Sleepy Hollow, NY, 

   US), 2009, Leverage margin monitoring and management, United States, UBS AG (Zurich, CH), 7577601, 

   http://www.freepatentsonline.com/7577601.html.

6. Warren W., Bandeali A., 2017: "0x: An open protocol for decentralized exchange on the Ethereum 

   blockchain", https://www.0xproject.com/pdfs/0x_white_paper.pdf, Accessed October 1, 2017.

7. Eskandari S., Clark J., Sundaresan V., & Adham M., "On the feasibility of decentralized derivatives 

   markets", https://users.encs.concordia.ca/~clark/papers/2017_wtsc.pdf, Accessed October 1, 2017.

8. Santa-Clara P., & Saretto A., 2007, Option strategies: Good deals and margin calls, UCLA.

9. O’Mahony S., Ferraro F., 2007. The emergence of governance in an open source community, Acad. 

   Management J. 50(5) 1079–1106.

10. Davidson, S., De Filippi, P. & Potts, J. 2016a. Disrupting governance: The new institutional economics 

   of distributed ledger technology. SSRN: https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2811995.

11. Hartzmark, M. L., 1986, The effects of changing margin levels on futures market activity, the 

   composition of traders in the market, and price performance, Journal of Business 59, 147-180.

12. https://blog.gdax.com/eth-usd-trading-update-5d8142b5bdc1, Accessed October 1, 2017.

13. https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-exchanges-kraken-poloniex-to-be-scrutinized-for-possible 

   -insider-trading-manipulation, Accessed October 1, 2017.

14. http://blog.bitfinex.com/announcements/security-breach, Accessed October 1, 2017.

15. https://www.bitfinex.com/posts/216, Accessed October 1, 2017.




