











































DECENTRALIZED LEVERAGED 
EXCHANGE

LAST UPDATED: 2017-11-22

LEVERJ

Technical Adviser



LEVERJ.IO

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. Executive Summary

2. The Leverj Protocol

3. Derivatives on Leverj

4. The LEVERJ (LEV) token

5. Token Sale

6. Post-sale Considerations

7. Platform Features

8. Enhanced Trading Platform

9. Timeline 

10. Roadmap 

11. Leadership

12. Legal Considerations

3

4

10

11

16

17

19

20

24

25

27

28

2



1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

INTRODUCTION
Derivatives trading is the largest market in the 
world at an estimated 1.2 quadrillion dollars1, with 
a current growth rate of 30% per year2. The crypto-
currency market is growing at an even faster rate, 
and is eager for a full derivatives ecosystem that ex-
ists within the traditional financial systems. Current 
growth in centralized cryptocurrency derivatives ex-
changes, which is at $1 billion daily notional value3, 
indicates massive potential for the industry.

CHALLENGES
Efforts to establish markets for leveraged crypto-
currency derivatives have focused on centralized 
exchanges that traders must trust as the custodi-
ans of their funds. In an environment where even 
the biggest (Bitfinex) and most security conscious 
(Shapeshift) exchanges experience loss of funds to 
hacking, a focus on security using blockchain and 
cryptography becomes imperative.

While decentralized exchanges are nothing new, 
most of them offer poor user experience, low liquid-
ity, and scant traction. Most of these systems subse-
quently fail to be adopted at scale.

SOLUTION
Leverj decentralizes the most security critical fea-
tures of derivatives trading by implementing them 
in smart contracts. Leverj focuses on derivatives 
trading and the supporting ecosystem. We plan to 
build an ecosystem of features that will enable insti-
tutions to move into the cryptocurrency world.

PROBLEM
Traditional finance is bogged down by heavy regu-
lation, excessive cost and censorship, among other 
issues. The cryptocurrency world has inherited some 
of these failings and added a few of its own, includ-
ing counterparty risk, account security, identity pro-
tection, exchange centralization and exchange insta-
bility. Taken together, these points of friction make it 
inefficient and suboptimal.

OPPORTUNITY
Blockchain based financial systems challenge 
the status quo by providing censorship resistance, 
non-repudiation, counterparty risk reduction, and 
many other desirable properties to financial con-
tracts. Cryptography and game theory offer an op-
portunity to build regulatory benefits into block-
chain products.

A trading system has efficiency and risk manage-
ment requirements that make it usable and practi-
cal; however, these requirements are currently only 
satisfied in centralized systems. Current decentral-
ized exchanges are unsuitable for trading and barely 

acceptable for hedging risk. Leverj aims to satisfy the 
requirements for practical trading in a decentralized 
system by implementing a distributed exchange 
protocol executing off-chain, yet verifiable on-chain. 
By supporting derivatives contracts, classical hedg-
ing strategies can be combined with financial appli-
cations on Ethereum. The degree of centralization 
may be tunable without compromise of the distrib-
uted nature of the protocol. This leaves room to ex-
plore decentralized variants of initially centralized 
algorithms, both of which remain distributed.

LEVERJ.IO

3

1 http://www.bis.org/statistics/d1.pdf
2 http://www.bis.org/publ/qtrpdf/r_qt0712.pdf

3 https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/volume/24-hour/



LEVERJ.IO

2. THE LEVERJ PROTOCOL

Leverj consists of on-chain Custody and Staking 
contracts along with an off-chain centralized or-
der book and matching engine. The exchange pro-
vides various aspects of the trading experience the 
user interacts with such as a UI, API, integration 
with other platform services, etc.

SEGREGATED ACCOUNTS
Custody contract implements the non-custodial 
model of Leverj. Its purpose is to hold funds and 
ensure that only the owner can deposit or with-
draw from it. When a user deposits into the smart 
contract (1), Custody allocates any tokens or ether 
received against the sending address and enables 
withdrawal only up to the balance an account holds. 
This ensures that its not possible for any malicious 
actor to take control of all the funds.

ORDER BOOK 
AND MATCHING ENGINE
Order book and matching are centralized and are 
off-chain. The order-cancel-match critical path 

4

is optimized for speed and are designed to not 
depend on the blockchain.

The user signs orders with their private key and sends 
orders to the exchange(2). This ensures that the key 
that controls the account is the same key that au-
thorized the order or other operation. The updated 
order book is streamed to all users off-chain like any 
other centralized order book. As orders are matched, 
executions are also streamed to all users. Executions 
are periodically synced(3) to the blockchain. The 
Custody smart contract verifies the integrity of the 
fills and updates user balances(4). 

To ensure any pending executions are synced and 
balances are updated, withdrawals are gated by 
the Exchange. The user submits a signed request 
to the exchange, which ensures there are no open 
orders or unsynced transactions and submits the 
request to the Custody contract. However after 
10,000 blocks of inactivity, the user can withdraw 
directly(5) from the Custody contract even without 
exchange involvement.

Fig 1. Leverj Protocol



LEVERJ.IO

5

STAKING
Custody contract accumulates fees and sends it to 
the Staking contract. The staking contract periodi-
cally calculates the allocation for everyone based on 
the amount and duration of the stake according to 
the staking formula. Staking generates new tokens 
as needed. Fees paid in ether are sent to the owner 
of the staking contract (Leverj) and the appropriate 
amount of FEE is generated and distributed.

ATTACK VECTORS
There are two main kinds of attack on custodial 
models. The first is the heist, where a significant 
portion of the funds is taken at once. The attack-
er does not expect to be able to repeat the attack 
and would generally not care if the theft is detected 
immediately. The second is skimming, where small 
amounts of funds are taken repeatedly over a lon-
ger duration. The attacker generally would like to 
go undetected since repeating the attack as many 
times as possible is key to a big payout. Our model 
aims to provably prevent heists and prevent or de-
tect most types of skimming using fraud-proofs.

MALICIOUS USER
Since the only avenue to extract assets is via a user 
account, a compromised exchange would have to 
set up a malicious user and collaborate with it to 
move all assets into that user by supplying data in a 
way to overcome the checks of the custody contract. 
Since all executions need signatures from users and 
executions without assets backing them would be 
rejected, the exchange would have to rearrange ex-
isting legitimate orders to favor the malicious user. 
These can only occur in small pieces and are skim-
ming attacks.

PROTOCOL
Instead of matching peer-to-peer, users can submit 
their orders to one or more matching entities (ex-
changes), which can do the matching and submit 
fills to the smart contract.PREVENTING HEISTS

For heists to be possible, the possibility for one per-
son to control all coins in custody must be possible. 
Segregated accounts that only enable the depositor 
to withdraw only their own balance eliminate this 
possibility, since the attacker would now need the 
keys of most users of the platform. Ensuring that 
the user’s keys are never sent across the network 
is also a fundamental requirement for this to work. 
Therefore all authentication must be using public/
private keys only. Password or other shared secrets 
should never be used.

TRADING SETTLEMENTS
Movement of assets between users as part of 
trade settlement requires that both users sign the 
amounts and price they are ready to exchange. Al-

though the exchange performs the match, the cus-
tody contract  transfers assets after verifying user 
signatures and integrity of all changes. Executions 
need to meet specifications set by both users ac-
cording to the signatures from their private key for 
the smart contract to move assets among users.

1. User deposits into segregated account on 

Custodian 

a) User ui deposits asset ti into his segregated 

account Ai from Ethereum address ei  

b) Custodian updates user balance of ti for Ai 

2. Exchange updates balance of Ai after N 

confirmations enabling trading of new balance

3. User ui submits signed order 𝞺i with signature 𝞺i

4. Exch ange validates order 𝞺i against signature 𝞺i

5. Exch ange countersigns order 𝞺i with signature

𝞺i and returns to user ui

6. Exch ange updates order 𝞺i in order book

PROTOCOL SPEC



LEVERJ.IO

6

7. Exch ange match es orders  𝞺1 and 𝞺2 to creates

execution 𝞺i 

8. Exch ange periodically submits execution set 𝞺 to 

custodian

9. Custodian processes execution set 𝞺 

a. Custodian verifies user signatures 𝞺1 and 𝞺2 

and execution parameters (price, quantity, expira-

tion, etc.) against orders 𝞺1 and 𝞺2 for each 𝞺i in 

b. Custodian settles asset balance between 

users u1 and u2 of matched orders 

c. Custodian ensures integrity of all asset balanc-

es ensuring all assets add up

10. User ui initiates a withdraw request of n ti from 

his segregated Account Ai

11.  Custodian moves n ti to user’s Ethereum 

Address ei

12. Fees if any are moved from Custodian to a stak-

ing contract. Th ere is never any assets flowing 

to Exchange. All FEE and ether move to the 

staking contract, which generates and allocates 

FEE tokens as needed.

PROTOCOL SECURITY
The exchange cannot synthesize or alter orders with 
the signature of a legitimate user and the protocol 
constraints prevent catastrophic theft. A compro-
mised exchange however may collude with and fa-
vor a malicious user using a variety of skim attacks. 
To favor a colluding user, the exchange would need 
signed orders from victim users which would be 
filled at an adverse price. Since the exchange can-
not synthesize or alter orders, it may try to manipu-
late legitimate orders to use them for victimization. 
Note that even a coarse expiry time on the orders 
greatly reduces the impact and detection burden of 
the attack. Note that this is not a comprehensive list 
of all possible attacks but a framework to quickly 
address them by quickly adding fraud-proofs when 
a new defect is discovered.

REPLAY ATTACK
A simple way to synthesize a victim order is to sim-
ply remember a past order and use it when the 
price is adverse for the victim. The exchange simply 
duplicates an order and fills it at a price favoring a 
colluding user. Custodian contract prevents replay 
attacks by the tracking order ids of all matched or-
ders and rejecting duplicates.

CANCELLED ORDER ATTACK
A variant of the above is when the exchange simply 
fills an order that was cancelled. Storing cancelled 
order ids in the smart contract is impractical, since 
cancels are numerous and cancellation need to be 
fast. However, proof-of-cancellation (exchange sig-
nature on cancel request) can be used as a fraud-
proof that can be submitted to the Custodian. The 
custodian can verify that a cancelled order has been 
filled and halt the exchange.

PRICE-TIME PRIORITY 
VIOLATION ATTACK
Even non-cancelled orders can be used for attacks 
by simply withholding them from the order book 
and waiting for an adverse price movement and 
matching with a colluding user. Such violations 
can be detected by the user using price-time fraud 
proof: an execution exists for an order with a better 
price but later timestamp than the victim order.

NON-ACKNOWLEDGEMENT ATTACK
An exchange may refuse to accept legitimate or-
ders from a user due to operational policies such 
as rate limiting or network issues; these do not 
produce fraud-proofs. In contrast, a non-acknowl-
edgement attack occurs when the exchange takes 
a user’s signed order and instead of replying with its 
own signature, saves the submitted order for skim-
ming. It then waits for the price to move and then 
matches it at an unfavorable price, siphoning profit 



LEVERJ.IO

7

to a colluding user. If this happens, a user can detect 
immediately when he sees one of his unacknowl-
edged orders filled. The fraud proof for this is the 
same as the price-time fraud-proof.

SUPPRESSED EXECUTIONS ATTACK
While executions cannot be synthesized or dupli-
cated, they can certainly be suppressed, enabling 
a compromised exchange to simply suppress los-
ing trades of a colluding user from being synced to 
the smart contract and withdrawing funds while 
the smart contract is still in the stale state. This is a 
variant of TOCTOU attack4. Users who observe with-
drawals being processed while the Custodian is in a 
stale state can submit a fraud proof preventing the 
attacker from withdrawing.

MITIGATION OF SKIM ATTACKS
The exchange would need to sync executions to the 
smart contract containing a fraudulent execution 
before the assets can be withdrawn. The syncing 
will cause anyone monitoring the executions to de-
tect the anomaly instantly and submit fraud-proofs 
as described below, preventing the attacker from 
stealing funds.

A compromised exchange can rearrange orders 
that flow into and executions that flow out of the 
matching engine. There are four possible rearrange-
ments: suppress, pass faithfully, duplicate and reor-
der (i.e., pass after a delay)

There are two possible order operations: Cancel and 
create. Updates are simply cancel and create.

Suppress Duplicate Reorder

Order Create No effect 

Replay

Prevented

Order Cancel

Execution

Non-Acknowledgment 

Execution Suppression

Cancel Order Attack 

No effect

Non-Acknowledgment Price-time Priority 

4  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_of_check_to_time_of_use

Faithful passes are not attacks, so we have the following attack matrix:

Table 1. Combinatorial attacks on leverj protocol

All these attacks are described above and have 
fraud-proofs that can be submitted to the Custodi-
an contract to disincentivize skimming attacks.



LEVERJ.IO

8

PRICE-TIME PRIORITY
For a compromised exchange to skim from the user, 
it would need to violate price-time priority. This can 
be detected in most cases.

Consider the order book at time t0 and t1. Prices 
above spread are asks, ones below are bids. Price 
moves adversely to bid o1. An adverse move would 
have to put an ask below the victim bid for skim-
ming to be profitable.

 t0   t1

 302   

 301

 300   300

 (spread)   299

 298(o1)   298(o2)

 297   297(o3)

 296   (spread)

    295

    294

    293

The exchange holds victim bid order o1 at 298 and 
waits for an adverse price move. It then sells into 
the victim’s bid with its own ask o2 at 298 and buys 
from a bystander ask o3 at 297. Since the fraudulent 
order at 298 cannot be trusted, detection of fraud 
should depend purely on the victim and the by-
stander orders.

In general, order time agreed between the exchange and 
non-compromised user using signatures can be accept-
ed by the smart contract to be sufficient for verification.

In most cases, when o1 is withheld for skimming, the 
market moving adversely would cause an execution 
at a better price (<= o1.price) but with worse order 
time (>o1.time), enabling us to detect the violation.

The time for an execution is effectively the time of 
the taker order. Therefore, price-time priority has 
been violated if:

1. There is an execution where the maker order o3’s 
time is worse than the victim’s order o1’s time

2. o3 price is better than o1 price

Detection for victim bids:

for all executions Ei after o1.time

Let oi = Ei.maker

isViolation = oi.time > o1.time && oi.price <= o1.price

To prevent detection, the exchange would have to 
prevent any ask hitting the price of the victim order, 
which would effectively halt normal trading.

LIMITATIONS
In a highly illiquid market, there are many corner 
cases that the above may not catch. For example, 
may be no market action for a long time followed 
by a sudden move (price gap) which can be exploit-
ed by a compromised exchange. This is currently 
not detectable.

MARKET ORDERS AND 
FRONT RUNNING
Market orders skip ahead of the price-time priority 
queue and front running market orders cannot be 
detected using the check above.

Market orders are not currently part of the proto-
col. We hope to extend market order fraud-proofs or 
go fully on-chain once plasma or other high speed 
chain is operational.



LEVERJ.IO

9

SUBMISSION OF FRAUD-PROOFS
A malicious actor would need to withdraw their 
funds after a fraudulent action. As long as there is a 
sufficient window of time to detect and submit fraud 
proofs, the smart contract can prevent the withdraw-
al or disable further action on the Custodian. Other 
users can detect the state change and withdraw 
their assets at their convenience. We propose a wait-
ing period for every user after a withdrawal request, 
sufficient enough for any fraud proofs to be submit-
ted. The exchange and smart contract would not ac-
cept any transactions for a user until their withdrawal 
is processed. This slight inconvenience is a justifiable 
tradeoff for the added safety. On the verification of 
a fraud proof, the exchange would halt. The perpe-
trator’s balance could be awarded to the fraud-proof 
submitter, making compliance a form of mining.

All attacks can be detected by the victim as soon as 
they occur and a fraud-proof can be submitted to the 
smart contract, which can be used to take corrective 
action such as disabling the exchange and allowing 
all users to withdraw their funds. A small mandatory 
delay before withdrawal ensures there is sufficient 
time to submit fraud-proofs before a malicious user 
can siphon money from the contract.

COMPARISON TO OTHER DEX
Leverage and Derivatives: Most DEX are not fo-
cused on risk management and derivatives offer-
ings. We hope to be the first exchange that offers 
derivatives with secure custody.

High Speed:  Blockchain not involved in the critical 
create-cancel-execute path, making Leverj highly 
competitive against other DEX in terms of speed.

Congestion insensitive: Leverj can postpone sync 
to blockchain during times of blockchain conges-
tion, while enabling trading to proceed, only im-
pacting withdrawals. On-chain matching DEX can-
not degrade gracefully during network congestion.

Secure against on-chain attacks: There are a vari-
ety of attacks possible against pure peer to peer ex-
changes. For example, a rouge taker can soak up all 
bids from makers and not submit trades. Conges-
tion and arbitrage attacks are also possible when 
market is moving fast.

Low cost: 98% of orders are cancelled in developed 
markets. By not requiring storage costs for can-
celled orders, Leverj is nearly 2 orders of magnitude 
cheaper than nearly every other DEX. Leverj can 
also hold off syncing to chain when during times of 
blockchain congestion without impacting trading. 
Only withdrawals are impacted. This kind of grace-
ful degradation cannot be matched by most DEX.

Other DEX Action

Leverj Action

Eth Cost 
for 100 orders

Eth Cost 
for 100 orders

Stores unfilled orders

Does not store unfilled orders

Stores filled orders

Stores filled orders

Requires gas to cancel

No gas to cancel

Total

Total

Updates on every execution

Updates on every execution

*Estimated cost at 4Gwei gas price

0.0196

0

0.0004

0.0004

0.0196

0

0.0002

0.0002

0.0398

0.0006



LEVERJ.IO

10

3. DERIVATIVES ON LEVERJ

NON-CUSTODIAL DERIVATIVES 
The major distinguishing requirement of leveraged 
exchanges over spot exchanges is risk management. 
Since users who owe money can simply walk away 
in a decentralized environment, we need to ensure 
that no account goes into negative balance. 

In the traditional exchanges, risk is managed by con-
tinuous monitoring of user balances and closing out 
positions forcibly when there is a risk of insolvency. 
This process is expensive and not reliable. Clearing 
members are bound by legal obligations to make 
up for any shortfall of their member accounts.

Replacing monitoring and ad-hoc forcible closures 
with mandatory stop orders enables us to manage 
risk without a central exchange user. The entire risk 
system is beyond the scope of this document but 
relies on the following:

1. Atomic stops: Stop orders  th at are guaranteed to fill 

within a max slippage. These enable prevention of 

accounts going into negative balance.

2. Auto-Deleveraging: Ensures integrity of system and 

no positions are dangling. 

To implement the above in a manner that makes 
trading enjoyable requires careful crafting of appro-
priate leverage offered, reference index construc-
tion and handling of corner cases.

DERIVATIVES OFFERINGS
Our primary product offering will be ETH/USD in-
verse contracts based off a median index created 
from the highest volume spot exchanges. This will 
enable hedging Ether against fiat using only Ether. 
We can also offer a variety of products denominated 
in ether for which a reliable reference index can be 
constructed. 

ERC20 spot and derivatives on highly liquid tokens 
will also be offered including options and futures in-
cluding on Token index prices.



4. THE LEVERJ (LEV) TOKEN 

BI-LEVEL TOKENS VS REVENUE 
SHARING
Most revenue sharing systems have the following 
challenges:

1. Building liquidity is difficult.

2. Attracting other service providers to grow a rich 
ecosystem is extremely challenging without liquidity.

The two level Leverj token system has been carefully 
crafted using economics and game theory to incen-
tivize liquidity and quickly grow a rich ecosystem. 

USER PERSPECTIVE
From the user’s point of view, bi-level tokens have 
the following advantages:

1. The second level token holds fees stable in ETH 
terms to ameliorate cryptocurrency fluctuations. 
For example, when the ETH exchange rate is very 
high in USD terms, it makes sense to sell your full 
ETH position instead of using part of it to pay fees.

2. The ability to sell excess capacity when trading activity 

LEV AND FEE TOKENS
The Leverj DApp is designed with a bi-level token 
structure a two level tokens. The primary token is of 
fixed supply, and represents a license to transact on 
LEV platform proportional to the percentage owner-
ship of the token supply. The secondary token FEE is 
the accounting mechanism to ensure the rights of 
LEV can be exercised fully in a decentralized manner.

LEVERJ.IO

11

0.0001 ETH

LEV is an ERC20 token that represents the partici-
pation to trade on Leverj. LEV is not a requirement 
to trade on Leverj and a trader can choose to simply 
pay fees in ether. However, regular traders will ben-
efit from holding and staking LEV since its econom-
ically attractive to do so.

is low. This allows the trader to sell FEE tokens generat-
ed when, for example, the trader is on vacation without 
giving up possession of LEV tokens. This is equivalent 
to a temporary transfer of the right to use LEV. Indeed, 
some investors may have a strategy of simply selling 
generated FEE as a steady source of income.

SYSTEM PERSPECTIVE
From a systemic point of view, two level tokens 
have enormous positive consequences.

1. The accumulation of FEE tokens over time will 
increase trading pressure. This is analogous to 
typically higher volume on no-fee exchanges, sim-
ply because more trading strategies are profitable. 
This increased trading pressure increases volume 
and liquidity greatly, enabling tight spreads and 
predictable fills, without slippage and helps facil-
itate generally healthy markets. 

2. A secondary effect of FEE accumulation is that it 
enables a rich ecosystem with many other partici-
pants. The ability to pay for additional services from 
auto-generated FEE tokens means that traders are 
more likely to purchase, and providers more likely 



12

LEVERJ.IO

LEV TOKEN
The token sold during the token launch is known as 
the Leverj LEV token. This token is created only on 
the ICO issuance and it’s supply is permanently fixed. 

FEE TOKEN GENERATION
LEV tokens may be used to generate FEE tokens. LEV 
holders will not automatically generate fee; howev-
er, token holders can “lock” their tokens into a smart 
contract, which applies the user-selected lock dura-
tion to a formula designed to regulate the total sup-
ply of FEE tokens. Longer lock periods generate larg-
er amount of FEE tokens.

Once users execute the contract, depending on how 
much trading activity there is on the platform — as 
well as the FEE market mechanics — they will receive 
a proportionate amount of FEE.

Once the lock duration expires, the locked LEV ceas-
es to generate FEE and becomes freely transferable 
by the holder once again. There is no limit (other 
than duration) to how many times LEV tokens may 
be used to generate FEE.

GAME THEORY
The main goal is to create a functioning market for 
FEE in ETH (Ethereum) so that LEV holders have 
access to a liquid market for their disbursements, 
and Leverj platform users can get a discount on the 
fees they would otherwise pay in ETH. Connecting 
these two major users in the Leverj ecosystem will 
help foster an economy within the community that 
pairs groups with overlapping interests. FEE will be 
maintained as a market that maximizes utility for 
the stakeholders.

FEE TOKEN GENERATION 
LEV tokens may be used to generate FEE tokens. 
LEV holders will not automatically generate fee; 
however, token holders can “lock” their tokens into 
a smart contract, which applies the user-selected 
lock duration to a formula designed to regulate the 
total supply of FEE tokens. Longer lock periods gen-
erate larger amount of FEE tokens.

Once users execute the contract, depending on 
how much trading activity there is on the platform 

— as well as the FEE market mechanics — they will 
receive a proportionate amount of FEE.

Once the lock duration expires, the locked LEV ceas-
es to generate FEE and becomes freely transferable 
by the holder once again. There is no limit (other 

to supply services to the system. High liquidity and 
a rich ecosystem are value multipliers and we be-
lieve the overall system would be worth much more 
than a simple revenue sharing/fee rebate system. 



13

LEVERJ.IO

ECONOMICS
Market forces are at work in the pricing of any as-
set, and the FEE token is no exception. An increase 
in supply, ceteris paribus, will increase the quan-
tity provided by the market and lower the price. 
Therefore, an unexpected supply increase will ad-
just the price downward, whereas an unexpected 
demand increase will adjust the price upward.

Using a diverse set of tools to influence the FEE de-
mand and supply mechanisms, both directly and 
indirectly, the system will target a FEE price that is 
approximately equal to the coupon value for cover-
ing Leverj exchange fees.

DEMAND PRESSURE
When the economic activity on the platform grows, 
there is likely to be demand pressure on FEE. This 
pressure will not only affect LEV holders who might 
wish to generate additional FEE; there may also be 
significant secondary market demand that drives the 
price significantly above the targeted coupon rate.

To counteract this effect, more FEE is produced 
when fees are paid in ETH and distributed to LEV 
holders, easing the demand pressure and bringing 

SUPPLY PRESSURE
The opposite situation can also occur: an imbalance 
arises from too much FEE supply, resulting in a price 
decline. In response to this, the self-regulating sys-
tem for FEE production will adjust such that the FEE 
supply is slowed to bring the price back up.

PRICE STABILIZATION MECHANISMS
The price of FEE will be managed by a series of Price 
Stabilization Mechanisms (PSMs).

SYSTEMIC PSMS
The primary systemic PSMs are parameterized by 
platform activity and supply generated by the same 
platform activity. 

The most important source of demand for FEE to-
kens will be the users who are purchasing FEE to 
pay the Leverj trade fees which are denominated 
in Ether. The platform will accept FEE and it will be 
tradable in a FEE/ETH order book.

To give a simple example, if an individual is go-
ing to make a trade worth 100 ETH and the fee 
charged is 1% (in practice it will be much less than 
this), then the user needs to pay 1 ETH or 10,000 
FEE (1 FEE = 0.0001 ETH). Assume that the price 

than duration) to how many times LEV tokens may 
be used to generate FEE.

the market back into equilibrium.



LEVERJ.IO

14

currently trading at 0.00008 in the FEE/ETH order 
book, meaning it is 20% cheaper to pay your trad-
ing fees in FEE than ETH. The trader on Leverj can 
merely check a box preferring to pay for fees in FEE 
token instead of ETH, and platform will automati-
cally buy 10,000 FEE from the market at 0.00008 
(for 0.8 ETH) and cover the 1 ETH fees, saving 0.2 
ETH in the process!

In this model, if the FEE/ETH book is trading above 
0.0001 ETH (at say 0.00012 ETH), due to excessive 
speculative demand, then the platform demand 
will dry up, and LEV holders who receive FEE will 
be able to get above-par returns on the FEE they 
sell into the market for ETH.

On the supply side, when FEE is generated, it is 
done so based on a formula that attempts to tar-
get FEE price to be near 0.0001 ETH. Thus, LEV 
holders will be able to receive FEE and use it to pay 
for trading activity on Leverj, save it for future trad-
ing activity, or sell for ETH immediately. Our prima-
ry concern is that FEE retain proper demand and a 
reasonable price, should LEV holders choose to sell. 
The risk of the FEE price being abnormally low out-
weighs the risk of it being abnormally high.

Thus, if the price becomes low, based on a criteria 
we make open source, it will trigger a mass-staking 
by the team’s LEV. This will mean less FEE distrib-
utes to LEV holders who are selling large amounts 
in the FEE market. This will help reduce the sup-
ply pressure while the demand remains the same, 
guiding prices closer to the par value.

LEV AND FEE TOKENS
Leverj is designed around a bi-level token structure. 
The primary token (LEV) is of fixed supply, and rep-
resents a license to transact on the Leverj platform 
proportional to the total token supply. The second-
ary token, FEE, is the accounting mechanism to 
ensure the rights of LEV can be exercised fully in a 
decentralized manner.

STAKING
Fair distribution of FEE tokens is ensured by staking 
LEV tokens. Users who stake for longer durations 
get more FEE tokens. This ensures that users com-
mitted to trading on the platform can be assured 
that they can exercise their license compared to us-
ers who are holding LEV simply for speculation. 

Leverj uses economic pressure instead of a mathe-
matical model to compute the proper amount of 
FEE required to be in circulation. This is because 
a mathematical model will always have elaborate 
that no model can perfectly account for. An eco-
nomic pressure relieves us of the need for modeling 
and we simply use actual demand pressure which 
can be reduced to simple computation.

In an equilibrium where the volume traded on the 
exchange does not change, there is sufficient FEE 
tokens that circulate among market participants, 
enabling trading without paying fees to the ex-
change. This is the ideal execution of LEV as license 
to trade on the platform and FEE as its accounting 
mechanism.

When the volume falls, excess FEE tokens may be 
destroyed (or simply stored) and users can continue 
to trade without paying additional fees.

When the platform is ramping up, increasing vol-
ume is likely to result in a situation where there are 
insufficient FEE tokens to satisfy the trading volume. 
This may give rise to a premium on FEE tokens and 
may result in undesirable behavior such as hoard-
ing. To prevent this, fees can be paid in ether and 
the equivalent FEE tokens are generated and dis-
tributed to LEV stakers.

The amount of FEE tokens charged can be lower (say 
0.1 FEE) or higher (say 1.5 FEE) based on the product 
traded. Leverj can also adjust the coupon value based 
on market conditions such as price of ether.



LEVERJ.IO

STAKING CADENCE
To simplify the UX and security of the staking con-
tract, there is a fixed staking cadence which com-
putes the number of tokens staked and the dura-
tion of the stake. This enables a simple calculation 
that allocates the FEE tokens to the traders.

EXPIRY
At the end of the staking period, all LEV are re-
turned to stakers and FEE tokens proportional to 
their stake are distributed to stakers.

15

STAKING FORMULAS

For  single stake:

Let L => Number of lev to be staked (passed by user) 
Let T => the expiry block number 
Let t = T - current_block => number of blocks to stake 
Then Lt => Number of Lev blocks staked 
stake[user] += L 
evblocks[user] += Lt 
total_levblocks += Lt

FEE events (periodic aggregated) could combine 
with expiry:

Total_Fees += FEE sent for trading fees + ETH sent 
for trading fees * ETH_FEE_RATE

At Expiry Adjust Supply: 
If Total_Fees > FEE_supply:  
Generate (Total_Fees - FEE_supply) FEE tokens

At expiry (for all users):

Fee_share[user] = (levblocks[user] / total_levblocks) 
* Total_Fees 
Transfer fee_share[user]  FEE to user 
Transfer stake[user] to user



16

5. TOKEN SALE 

TOKEN SUPPLY 

TOKEN SALE STRUCTURE

TOKEN SALE TIMELINE 

Token

Duration

Event

1000M (1 billion)

1ST 150M tokens

Sale Start

400M

2ND 250M token

Sale Ends

300M

100M

200M

Description

Price

Date (12 UTC)

Tokens created

4615 LEV per ETH

2017-11-07

Available for purchase including bonus *

3000 LEV per ETH

2017-12-07

Founders

Liquidity and Operations

Partners

* Unsold tokens will be sent to a burning contract where 50% are locked for 12 months and the 
remaining are locked for 10 years in order to stabilize LEV utility during the early adoption phase.

* Founders pledge to donate LEV proportional to the burnt ratio to the liquidity and operations pool
* Airdrops and bounties will be paid from the Liquidity and Operations



LEVERJ.IO

6. POST-SALE CONSIDERATIONS   

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION
The following pie chart provides the breakup of the 
tokens distribution. All tokens, including pre-sale, 
are distributed via smart contract, audited by Con-
senSys, and managed by the independent escrow 
providers BraveNewCoin.com (BNC).

SECONDARY SALES
Leverj holds 30% of tokens for liquidity and opera-
tions. Leverj will stake most of these tokens in order 
to get FEE tokens. Leverj is therefore economical-
ly incentivized to hold on to these tokens and has 
no plans at present to sell large portions of these 
tokens on secondary market. As part of business 
development, some tokens may be given to finan-
cial institutions as part of partnership agreements, 
incentivize advisors and new employees. In such 
cases, we will require lockout periods of sufficient 
length to ensure there is no major disruption in 
market value.

In case the Leverj team chooses to sell LEV tokens 
that it holds on the secondary market in the future, 
it will sell on or around the 1st of each month an 
amount of approximately USD 100,000 worth of 
tokens. For any amounts exceeding this, the public 
will receive notice at least one week in advance of 
the time and amount of tokens that may be sold.

Liquidity operations require that a portion (up to 2% 
of supply) of the tokens will be made available on 
the order book. Traders can buy from or sell into the 
book and this means our share of tokens will vary 
slightly based on market activity.

VESTING SCHEDULE
The token vesting schedule, shown below, has been 
designed to specifically align the long-term inter-
ests of the founding team with those of public to-
ken sale participants to maintain consistent and 
healthy growth of the trading ecosystem. The long 
drawn-out vesting schedule also ensures that the 
team is continuously motivated and stays vested in 
the success of the project for a longer duration. Ear-
ly exit of the core team also impacts the success of 
the project and thereby the value of the token.

Purpose

Partners

Liquidity/Ops

Founders

Token Sale

% Share

10

30

40

20

Period

Immediately

6 months

18 months

12 months

% Locked

10

30

30

30

Marketing

Biz Developement

Operations

Liquidity

Legal

10%

10%

10%

10%

30%

USE OF PROCEEDS

17

Developement 30%



LEVERJ.IO

18

Disclaimer: Our project is subject to several oth-
er considerations that require flexibility in how we 
spend the raise. For example, if we get an opportuni-
ty to partner with a legacy financial powerhouse, we 
may need to invest significant resources for speedy 
implementation. We may also have opportunity to 
work with regulators in untapped crypto markets 
such as the United States that may require unfore-
seen expenditures. All-in-all, since we have a central-
ized component, we have need for operational and 
strategic flexibility unlike a pure protocol project.

Converting to Fiat: Most of the raise will be kept in 
ETH and be converted to fiat as necessary. There will 
be an initial conversion of up to $5M USD to boot-
strap the project.



7. PLATFORM FEATURES

BASE PLATFORM
Centralized trading platforms have inherent coun-
terparty and custodial risk. User identity, transaction 
history, and funds are all ultimately controlled by the 
exchange operators. The exchange custody of these 
valuables   makes an attractive target for hackers, 
lawsuits and state actors. The risks and losses inher-
ent in centralization can be substantial1. Leverj pro-
vides decentralized identity to avoid identity leaks.

DECENTRALIZED IDENTITY
A third-party issued identity (such as an email ad-
dress) puts you at the mercy of a centralized ex-
change's competence, fairness and integrity. Every 
identity you use can be held hostage to the interests 
and whims of unpredictable actors such as hackers 
or governments.

A decentralized identity can be used for authenti-
cation, signatures on contracts, attestation of docu-
ments, messaging other traders and to share media.

DERIVATIVES OFFERINGS
Leverj focuses on derivatives products, which distin-
guishes it from other DEX offerings. Using non-cus-
todial risk management, we can offer derivatives 
products without requiring an exchange user to 
take over losing positions for liquidations. ETH/USD 
inverse futures will be the primary offering. Howev-
er, we can offer futures on any market with a stable, 
well developed market. We can also offer a variety of 
options or futures on liquid ERC20 tokens.

HARDWARE WALLET SUPPORT

Cryptography has made remarkable financial 
products possible, but at the cost of an ever-pres-
ent risk of compromise via malware, security 
breaches, or custodial issues in regards to pri-
vate keys held on computers and backend serv-
ers. Hardware wallet support greatly reduces the 

LEVERJ.IO

19

chances of malware or other security breaches 
stealing coins on your trading computer.

ON-CHAIN SETTLEMENT

With an on-chain exchange, there are no custo-
dy settlement and manual withdrawal processing 
steps since closing a position results in near-in-
stant settlement. Elimination of exchange custodial 
responsibility to the exchange has the pleasant 
side-effect of not requiring the exchange to perform 
any actions in order for you to access your profits. 
We eliminate waiting for exchange action to settle 
trades, process expiries and refill hot-wallets. Every 
change in your position automatically updates your 
equity in real-time, making your funds available for 
withdrawal subject only to blockchain latencies.



20

8. ENHANCED TRADING PLATFORM

The privacy and security benefits of decentralization 
and the basics of reliable stops and position manage-
ment facilitate trading, but fall short of that is available 
on legacy financial platforms. The Leverj enhanced 
trading platform brings these features to digital cur-
rency, enabling rapid growth of the Leverj platform.

PRICE ACTION ENTRIES
The most common trading regret is taking a position 
due to "fear of missing out" (FOMO). FOMO entries are 
caused by hesitation due to a less-than-perfect setup 
and subsequent late reaction once price moves with 
unexpected strength. Habitual FOMO trading makes 
it impossible to build trading discipline. Price Action 
entries free the trader from absolute price levels and 
allow focus to remain on unfolding market structure. 
For example, you may want to enter on the breakout 
of a signal bar, or want stops to trail below the low of 
the prior bar instead of a fixed number of ticks. You 
may want to sell on the close of a bar on the third 

TRADE REPLAY VIDEO
The best way to improve your trading is to observe 
yourself trading. Trade replay videos allow the trader 
to view how a trade was planned and executed, from 
placing the entry order, to stop management, to 
eventual exit. Video replay can be used to document 
your trading, share with and teach other traders, or 
simply archive your greatest trading moments. Even 
add audio commentary and background music. Your 
video of making a killing on the big bear move would 
be fantastic with Carmina Burana as soundtrack.

SUBSCRIBE
Another great way to learn any highly specialized 
skill is to be mentored by someone who excels in 
that field. Find the most respected traders, subscribe 
to their feed, and learn from them a lot faster than 
you would learn by trading (and possibly losing) your 
own money. Open up your trade videos and reports 
and share with the world. If you are a good trader, 
you can build a following.

MANAGED TRADING
Many people desire the exposure to digital currency, 
but are too busy in their professional lives to spare 
their attention for full-time trading. Managed trad-
ing presents an attractive alternative to those who 
have the capital but not the skill to trade. Simply 

“follow” or replicate trades of highly skilled traders 
automatically in exchange for a percentage of the 
winnings. In the beginning this is likely to be a fixed 
percentage but as the platform evolves, we expect 
traders to set their own rates.

LEVERJ.IO

AUTOMATED TRADE MANAGEMENT
The most profitable professional traders use discre-
tionary entry and mechanical trade management. 
This approach enables them to focus their atten-
tion on market opportunities and delegate trade 
management to software modules. This “fire and 
forget” approach eliminates an entire class of trade 
management errors. For example, an order will be 
placed to enter on the breakout of a signal bar if the 
bar closes strongly. Once filled, a trailing stop will 
tighten below every new swing point once a new 
high is reached. Partial profits are taken on every 
push and the position is closed on a parabolic move. 
All of these are orchestrated routinely once the po-
sition is open, relieving the stress of trade manage-
ment and enabling the trader to focus on price ac-
tion and new entries.

push, rather than hoping you guessed the exit price 
correctly. Leverj supports price action entries that 
enter and exit precisely, reducing unexpected losses 
and suboptimal exits.



PLUGIN FRAMEWORK
A plugin framework enables quick composition of 
an ideal trading environment, building on the work 
of others. Plugin your own indicators, trading strate-
gies, reports, or anything else that enrich your trad-
ing experience. The plugin framework is a founda-
tional aspect of the marketplace.

ZERO-KNOWLEDGE API KEYS 

A trading or reporting service needs to be autho-
rized to perform certain operations on behalf of the 
user. In the centralized world, this is accomplished 
through API keys. Leverj provides Zero-Knowledge 
API keys that enable integration with vendors and 
partners without relying on transport and storage 
secrecy. This enables the creation of an ecosystem 
of decentralized services that can build a new value 
network on the blockchain.

HISTORICAL DATA REPLAY 
AND TRADING
Institutional trading is largely algorithmic and the 
ability to fine tune and harden a trading system 
depends on reliable historical data. How would a 
trading strategy fare during the great bull move and 
subsequent crash of 2013? Harden trading strate-
gies by replaying extreme market conditions and 
add safeguards to ensure sustainability in adverse 
conditions. Leverj brings the advantages enjoyed 
by institutional traders to crypto trading, enabling 
re-playing market data to fine tune and perfect your 
home grown strategies.

MARKETPLACE
A marketplace for decentralized trading services is 
essential to a rich ecosystem. Instead of building 
your own indicators and strategies, buy them from a 
marketplace. If you have developed a great indicator, 
list it on the marketplace and get paid in FEE tokens.

LEVERJ.IO

21

SIMULATED TRADING
The first few months of a new trader’s performance 
is unlikely to be profitable. In addition, there is sub-
stantial risk testing out unproven ideas with real 
money. Simulated trading enables trying out ideas 
and fine tuning trading strategy with real-time 
market data, while avoiding market risk. Once the 
trading idea or setup is proven, it can confidently be 
executed on a live account.

ISSUES WITH DECENTRALIZED 
LEVERAGED TRADING
Leveraged trading adds risk management and posi-
tion management capabilities required for practical 
trading. Adding margin to a position or re-leasing 
margin from a winning position to open a new po-
sition are practical necessities for trading. Recent 
attempts at decentralized leveraged trading plat-
forms have resulted in poor user experience due to 
lack of attention to practical exchange operation is-
sues. Leveraged trading adds another level of com-
plexity to decentralized trading that must be care-
fully designed. As exchange needs to be performant 
in addition to secure for trading to be enjoyable in 
addition to enabling the basic goals of decentraliza-
tion. The key issues with decentralized trading are 
latency, finality and liquidity. We address these by 
using the blockchain sparingly and relying on ancil-
lary technology where possible.



LEVERJ.IO

22

STOPS
Reliable stops are the hardest feature to get per-
fect, even for centralized exchanges. When a price 
spike can trigger a stop, but never fill (or fill it at an 
undesirable price) it becomes imperative to your 
position. This induces attention fatigue and causes 
unforced error that reduce your profitability. Profes-
sional traders simply cannot afford to trade with-
out reliable stops, since they are vital to precise risk 
management. Leverj provides atomic stops that are 
guaranteed to fill within predictable range. 

LIQUIDATIONS
When a trader’s position moves into a losing area  
beyond its allocated margin, the position needs to  
be liquidated. Leverj is able to liquidate positions  
without the need for a centralized exchange user to  
take over the position.

POSITION MANAGEMENT
Good position management is often the only differ-
ence between a break-even trader and a profitable 
trader. A platform that facilitates good position man-
agement practices is essential to trade effectively.

ADD/REMOVE MARGIN
Current decentralized leveraged systems “lock-in” a 
margin until the contract expires or is settled. This 
means profits cannot be taken when available if the 
market reacts earlier than expected. Positions can-

not be saved by adding margin if a pullback is deep-
er than expected. All in all, this approach to trading is 
essentially a gamble on direction at a point in time. A 
sophisticated trader requires the ability to modify the 
margin backing any position based on price action. 
Indeed, the freedom to take profit and allocate it to 
a new opportunity should be smooth and natural to 
ensure that the trader can take profit when price ac-
tion enables it. Leverj enables addition and removal 
of margin with an intuitive stop order inter-face that 
allows traders to manage position margin.

SPLIT/MERGE
It is a good practice to take partial profit on a wind-
fall move in the trader’s favor. The ability to split a 
large position facilitates this. Once a position is 
split, it is possible to manage each position differ-
ently, for example, a tighter stop on half to protect 
profits and a looser stop on the remaining for lon-
ger holding periods. The converse is the ability to 
build up a position by many small entries (such as 
iceberg orders) and manage them as a single po-
sition by merging them. Leverj provides splitting/
merging  of positions, giving the trader flexibility 
to react appropriately to the market and manage 
exits, leverage and stops for optimal profit.



23

LEVERJ.IO

CROSS/FIXED 
Traders who trade long timeframes and accumu-
late large positions need to use all available mar-
gin (cross margin) to ensure they can accumulate 
through  large  dips  without  being  stopped  out.

However, often they also wish to trade portions with 
fixed margin to protect profits on moves on a small-
er timeframe. Leverj is the only exchange that offers 
simultaneous fixed and cross margin while splitting 
a fixed portion out of the cross margin for partial exit.

NETWORK CONGESTION

Blockchains can suffer congestion for extended du-
rations. A severely congested network may mean 
that settlement transactions are confirmed with 
a significant delay, but wont impact actual settle-
ment amounts.



9. TIMELINE

2013

2014
Q1

2015
Q4

2016
Q1-Q2

2016
Q3

2017
Q1-Q2

Proof of Concept development in motion

Self-funded full-time development begins

Industry first Robust Median Index launched

Coinpit.io launched at TechCrunch Disrupt 

~600K Seed Angel Investment Raised

Inverse contract launched 

Exclusive & Industry First:
Proof-of-Audit embedded in blockchain 
Zero-Knowledge API keys 
Hardware multisig wallet launched

Coinpit.io becomes the first exchange to open-source security code

Coinpit.io launches public beta 

Industry First Features:
Decentralized Identity
Segregated Accounts
Zero-Knowledge Authentication

Exclusive & Industry First:
Multisig with user controlled private key
On-blockchain Settlement

Start
Founders Bharath Rao and Nirmal Gupta meet
Concept for decentralized leveraged derivatives on bitcoin conceived

24

LEVERJ.IO



BASE PLATFORM

ENHANCED PLATFORM 

RAISE NEEDED

RAISE NEEDED

2018
Q1

2018
Q2

$2.5M

$4M

$5M

$6M

$8M

$10M

2018
Q3

2018
Q4

2019
Q1

2019
Q2

Fully decentralized custody futures trading live

Price Action Entries 

Trade Replay Videos

Managed Trading

Simulated Trading 

Historical Data Replay and Trading

Marketplace

Plugin Framework

Social Media Trading

Automated Strategies

Enhanced Reporting

Internationalization

Encrypted/Anonymous Messaging/Chat/Email

Decentralized ETH/ERC20 spot trading platform

Hardware key authentication instant settlement

LEVERJ.IO

10.  ROADMAP

25



PRODUCT OFFERINGS RAISE NEEDED

$20M

$25M

$30M

2018
H1

2018
H2

2019
H1

Major Cryptocurrency Futures

Crypto10 Index and Futures

CFD on OIL/GOLD/Top Commodities

Single Stock Futures

Major World Index Futures 

26

LEVERJ.IO



11. LEADERSHIP

Bharath Rao, Founder/CEO
Entrepreneur. Trader. Techie. Leader. Blogger. Speaker. Inventor
10 Year Wall St. Veteran
Policy and Strategy Advisor to Liberland
MS Computer Engineering from Syracuse University

Babu SK, Operations
FinTech Veteran, Growth & Tech Strategy
Operational Transformation
MBA, IIM Bangalore

Nirmal Gupta, CoFounder/CTO
Full Stack Developer. 

10 years on Forex Trading Software
BS Aerospace Engineering from IIT Kanpur 

Gerry Howatt, Marketing
20+ year Marketing Executive, Media Strategist, Product 

Marketer, Partnership Development, Entrepreneur
BA St Lawrence University

Swapman, Advisor Economics & Financial Theory
Financial Market Expert, Crypto Market Expert & Trader, Economist
M.Sc. Economics, University South Denmark 

Alexandra Ward, Community Manager
Crypto Personality and Trader. 

Administrative Role in Trading Communities.
Moderator of Bitcoin-Related Subreddit. 

LEVERJ.IO

27



LEVERJ.IO

28

Benny Sadeh, Software Craftsman
25+ years of Software Engineering
M.S. Computer Science, University of Alabama

Merunas Grincalaitis
Ethereum Smart Contract and Javascript Engineer

Universidad de Granada



12. LEGAL CONSIDERATION

As part of legal due-diligence, the Leverj team has 
consulted with several law firms around the globe 
to evaluate the implications of our structure, token 
launch, and operations.  We can make no guaran-
tees regarding the legality of the platform or launch 
in any given jurisdiction. Regardless, we have mod-
eled the platform to be provably compliant with 
the spirit of regulations in major jurisdictions and 
we hope to be a model of regulatory compliance for 
decentralized applications and token launches. We 
will be responsive and collaborative with any regu-
lators as necessary going forward. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
This document has forward looking statements that 
are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on our be-
liefs as well as assumptions made by and informa-
tion currently available LEGAL LANDSCAPE FOR 

DERIVATIVES TRADING  
Derivatives trading are an area of interest for many 
regulators around the globe, including those with-
in the United States. Leverj intends to operate our 
business in accordance with the laws of relevant ju-
risdictions. As such, Leverj may not be immediately 
available in certain jurisdictions. The Leverj team and 
our advisors are aggressively pursuing strategies to 
bring the benefits of the platform to the global trad-
ing community expeditiously. This includes obtain-
ing securities licenses as required by law.  

LEGAL IMPLICATIONS OF TOKEN 
LAUNCHES
LEV/FEE tokens (henceforth “tokens”) are function-
al utility tokens within the Leverj platform. TOKENS 

UNFORESEEABLE TECHNICAL 
LIMITATIONS
Some of the features described herein are based on 
our current understanding of blockchain technology 
and the assumption that blockchain systems contin-
ue to work with the same characteristics in the near 
future. In the event that the nature of the blockchain 
changes dramatically for example due to high con-
gestion, change in proof of work, network splits, 51% 
attack or any other unpredictable event, the plat-
form’s stability and our ability to deliver features de-
scribed here may be negatively impacted.

ARE NOT SECURITIES. TOKENS ARE NONREFUND-
ABLE. TOKENS ARE NOT FOR SPECULATIVE IN-
VESTMENT. NO PROMISES OF FUTURE PERFOR-
MANCE OR VALUE ARE MADE WITH RESPECT TO 
TOKENS, INCLUDING NO PROMISE OF INHERENT 
VALUE, NO PROMISE  OF CONTINUING PAYMENTS, 
AND NO GUARANTEE THAT TOKENS WILL HOLD 
ANY PARTICULAR VALUE. TOKENS ARE NOT PAR-
TICIPATION IN THE COMPANY AND TOKENS HOLD 
NO RIGHTS IN SAID COMPANY. TOKENS ARE SOLD 
AS A FUNCTIONAL GOOD AND ALL PROCEEDS RE-
CEIVED BY COMPANY MAY BE SPENT FREELY BY 
COMPANY ABSENT ANY CONDITIONS. Tokens are 
intended for experts in dealing with cryptographic 
tokens and blockchainbased software systems. TO-
KEN SALE IS UNAVAILABLE TO CHINESE RESIDENTS, 
US PERSONS & SEYCHELLES RESIDENTS AND OFAC 
SANCTIONED COUNTRIES AND PERSONS (SDN).

LEVERJ.IO

29


