








































Libra Credit Whitepaper


May 2018

LIBRA CREDIT

WHITEPAPER



The version of this whitepaper (“Whitepaper”) is released as a working draft - with the purpose of
introducing the idea and receiving feedback from the blockchain community. If you wish to contribute by
leaving your comment or review, please email info@libracredit.io.

Disclaimer: The information and opinions contained in this Whitepaper does not purport to be
comprehensive and have not been independently verified. While the Whitepaper has been prepared in
good faith, no representation, warranty, assurance or undertaking (express or implied) is or will be made,
and no responsibility, liability or duty of care is or will be accepted by the developer of the Libra Credit
platform (“Libra Foundation”) or any of its investors or subsidiaries or by any of their respective affiliates,
advisers in relation to the adequacy, accuracy, completeness, reliability or reasonableness of this Whitepaper.
All and any such responsibility and liability is expressly disclaimed. In particular, but without prejudice to the
generality of the foregoing, no representation, warranty, assurance or undertaking is given as to the
achievement or reasonableness of any future projections, management estimates, prospects or returns
contained in this whitepaper, or in such other information, notice or document. These projections are
illustrative only and actual results may be materially affected by changes on economic or other
circumstances which cannot be foreseen. The reader of this Whitepaper acknowledges that it should
conduct its own independent investigation and assessment as to the validity of the information contained in
this whitepaper and the economic, financial, regulatory, legal, taxation and accounting implications of that
information and consult its own professional advisers. The information in this document is subject to change
or update without notice and should not be construed as commitment by Libra Foundation. This document
is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell shares or securities
in Libra Foundation or any related or associated company.



1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 3

2. BACKGROUND 4

2.1 Challenges of Existing Markets 

2.2 Market Opportunity

2.3 Why Libra Credit

4

6

7

3. LIBRA CREDIT 8

3.1 Our Business Model

3.2 Our Technology

8

18

3.3 Our Team 28

314. DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP

325. DEFINITIONS

6. APPENDIX 34



Access to credit should be hassle free, real-time and simple. However, traditional financing is channel, 

product and geographic specific with onerous processes and outdated systems resulting in long cycle times 

and increased cost of capital. Heavy reliance on traditional lenders (e.g. banks, country centric P2P 

platforms) does not address future customer needs (i.e. getting credit when and where they need it and 

leveraging emerging crypto asset classes as collaterals).

Global lending is expected to grow at 14% over the next five years driven by a rise in digital ecosystems and

technology disruption which makes lending to more than two billion under-banked population a closer

reality. Given these significant tailwinds, a global and open digital platform is needed to shape the future of

lending, making it accessible to anyone, anywhere.

Libra Credit is a decentralized lending ecosystem that facilitates open access to credit anywhere and anytime

based on the Ethereum blockchain to be developed by Libra Foundation. Libra Credit will be launched in July

2018 with crypto-to-crypto and crypto-to-fiat lending underpinned by its industry-leading credit

management capability and four distinctive partnership networks forming a world-class lending ecosystem

that encompasses:

- In-house Proprietary AI-based Credit Model;

- Customer Acquisition & E-Wallet Partnership Network to drive adoption;

- Lenders & Stablecoin Partnership Network to drive liquidity;

- Extensive Exchange Partnership Network to minimize default;

- Identity Verification Partnership Network to expedite KYC & verification process.

Libra Credit is a global initiative by Libra Foundation with a mission “Credit for the Real World”. The team has

a track record in digital credit services across Asia. Powered by its proprietary big data, AI-based credit

assessment technology and existing global partnership networks, Libra Credit has the expertise and

capabilities to realize its mission.

3

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY



2.1 CHALLENGES OF EXISTING MARKETS

Despite growing adoption of digital assets, something as simple as getting access to credit still remains 

a challenge for many borrowers. Not only are future customer needs not addressed, traditional ending 

institutions are also heavily reliant on outdated credit rating methods, directly dismissing the legitimacy 

of digital assets. Additionally, even with breakthrough technologies like blockchain, traditional financing 

is still channel, product and geographic specific with onerous processes that result in long cycle times 

and increased cost of capital. These issues not only limit efficient flow of assets, but also ignore a large 

segment of the market that is under-served by banks.

Challenges of Traditional Credit Services:

PROJECT 
BACKGROUND

• High barriers to credit services due to limited 
or unrecognized personal credit data

• Unsatisfied borrowing experience due to 
complicated KYC procedures, long processing 
times, low application transparency and high 
borrowing costs ~10% globally (World Bank)

• Difficulty in cross border, cross currency and 
cross time-zone lending

Borrowers 

• Increased lending difficulty due to lack of 
traditional records of the digital savvy 
generation

• Opportunity cost of uncaptured digital savvy 
market segment

Lenders

4



On the other hand, the rise of crypto-assets faces similar challenges – lack of “real-world” underlying 

application causes crypto holders to be tied down by their own digital assets.

Challenges of the Crypto Market: 

PROJECT 
BACKGROUND

• Lack of liquidity and integration into fiat 
financial service offerings

• Difficult to convert between digital assets 
and traditional assets (i.e. gold, stocks, bonds, 
real estate, etc.)

• Lack of recognition and application as a 
general payment method / asset class

• High volatility and speculation with little to 
no asset backing

Liquidity Issues Limited Applications

There is a genuine need for a solution that provides safe and convenient credit services accessible for 

all.

5



2.2 MARKET OPPORTUNITY

The global credit market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 14%1 (2017 – 2021). Specifically, over 85%2

of the global credit market is dominated by the secured retail lending market. Favorable market 

conditions have attracted many new technologies and players to enter this market, popularizing credit 

alternatives such as peer-to-peer (P2P) lending and digital lending.

PROJECT 
BACKGROUND

1,585

1,193

898

676
509

33%

2021E2020E2019E2018E2017

1,806

1,379

1,054

805

615

2017 2019E2018E

31%

2021E2020E

Global Digital Lending Volume (Unsecured)
(Billion USD)

CAGR

Cryptocurrency Market Capitalization 
(Billion USD)

CAGR

Moreover, a paradigm shift in digital adoption has also given rise to alternative asset classes like 

cryptocurrency. Although not traditionally accepted as collaterals for lending, cryptocurrencies have 

surpassed USD $600B in market capitalization at the end of 2017. As the market grows, crypto-

investors demand more use-cases for their assets, which are largely unmet by traditional financial 

institutions.

1): Source: Business Wire
2): Source: HIS Database 6



PROJECT 
BACKGROUND

Despite continuous growth in global secured retail lending and rise of digital lending, over two billion 

people3 remain under-banked with little to no access to credit or financial services. Once digital lending 

becomes mainstream among the under-banked, this largely untapped segment will be a significant 

addition to the credit lending addressable market.

2.3 WHY LIBRA CREDIT

Libra Credit is launched with the mission to provide “Credit for the Real World”. Devoted to the 

provision of credit anywhere and anytime, Libra Foundation will build a secure, convenient and globally 

inclusive financial services ecosystem. In light of the opportunities presented in distinctive markets, a 

network solution will be key in unlocking the value of existing geographic and functional solutions. Our 

team of financial services veterans and blockchain technologists has a proven track record in building 

payments, retail lending and risk management solutions. In the past five years, the team has achieved 

the following remarkable milestones in Asia:

Adopted machine learning to 
provide full loan cycle monitoring 

and feedback

2012 2015

Accumulated 33M 
paying users

2016

Established payday 
lending business in 

China

2017.11

Payday loan book value of 
US $850M with only 3.5%

default rate

2017.12

Entered Indonesia cash 
loan market and 
accumulated 17K

consumers in 1 month

2015.9

Adopted big data technology, 
enabled real-time streaming 
based on Apache Spark and 

Hadoop Incorporate Web Crawler
for additional risk insights

Adopted graph computing for 
community grouping and 

anomaly detection

2017.1 2017.2 2017.3

Denotes technical milestone

Denotes business milestone

Launched the first in-
game credit payment 
service “Play Now, Pay 

Later” in China

7
3): Source: Management estimate



LIBRA CREDIT

3.1 OUR BUSINESS MODEL

Customer 
Acquisition &

E-Wallet 
Partnership 

Network

Libra Credit Platform

Diversified 
Collateral Pool

Lender & 
Stablecoin

Partnership 
Network

Exchange & 
Custodian 

Partnership 
Network

Identity 
Verification 
Partnership 

Network

Borrower A

Access to potential 
borrowers & loan 

disbursement

Provides credit 
assessment data and 

acts as guarantor 

Provide identity 
verification data

Facilitate liquidity and 
safeguard collaterals

Crypto-lender

Fiat lender

Key Highlights:

• Extensive network partnerships completely covering the lending value chain
• AI-based dual-credit risk assessment computation featuring a collateral-based assessment and an individual credit scoring

• Multiple sources and use of funding facilitating fiat, hedging and liquidity needs

Reddcoin

uPort

Telcoin

Borrower B

Borrower C

Borrower D

Professional Investors

Stablecoin A

Banks

Funds

Travel 
Applications

E-commerce 
Applications

E-wallet

Other Consumer Apps
1

2

3

4

Libra Credit3.1.1

8



LIBRA CREDIT

To address the limitations of both markets, we are launching Libra Credit – a decentralized lending 

ecosystem that facilitates open access to credit anywhere and anytime. In July 2018, Libra Credit aims 

to facilitate global crypto-to-crypto and crypto-to-fiat lending (subject to regulatory approval) for 

borrowers. To improve acceptance and drive adoption, initially we will act as the loan guarantor for 

financial institutions (i.e. banks, funds, etc.) and private investors (i.e. HNWI, crypto-community). 

Crypto assets will then be released directly from our Lender & Stablecoin Partnership Network to 

borrowers. Key highlights of our business model are as follows:

1
EXTENSIVE PARTNERSHIP NETWORKS
• Collaborating with partners in both crypto and financial markets

• Synergies with crypto exchanges, stablecoin providers (e.g. Maker DAO), 3rd party identity 

verification providers (e.g. uPort) and financial institutions (e.g. banks)

• Reinforcing Libra Credit while delivering value for our partners

2
PROPRIETARY AI-BASED CREDIT ASSESSMENT FRAMEWORK
• In-house risk management technology which has been deployed in China and the ASEAN 

market successfully

• Pioneer in digital credit services, leveraging a dual-credit assessment framework that 

considers collateral viability and borrower credit score

3
FLEXIBILITY FOR PARTICIPANTS
• Crypto-to-fiat loan allowing collateralization of cryptocurrencies to spend fiat without 

sacrificing their current crypto position

• Crypto-to-stablecoin loans enabling borrowers to hedge price volatility without exiting

• Crypto-to-crypto lending allowing borrowers to pledge other alternate tokens for more 

mainstream crypto currencies (i.e. BTC / ETH) with better liquidity

9



2) IDENTITY VERIFICATION PARTNERSHIP NETWORK

Libra Credit can manage the KYC identity verification process of new borrowers quickly and securely through our

identity verification partnership network. Our mutually synergistic credit information network generates large

amounts of credit data per day. Interested parties (i.e. vendors, regulators and financial institutions) may

leverage our anonymized data to perform activities such as data analytics, credit scoring, customer behavioral

monitoring and much more. At the same time, we will have access to the information systems of our partners,

allowing us to constantly refine and enhance our verification process. Our partnership network can access the

platform and data through open-APIs that will be available to Libra Community members for a fee.

LIBRA CREDIT

LIBRA CREDIT PLATFORM

The Libra Credit Platform focuses on a dual-credit risk scoring mechanism that takes into account 

both the creditworthiness of the pledged collateral, as well as the individual credit information of the 

borrower. Borrowers may pledge any crypto-assets as collateral and receive loans in their desired 

asset. Through smart contracts and our own proprietary collateral valuation and liquidation system, 

Libra Credit will lock in agreed terms between borrowers, lenders, custodians, guarantors and 

liquidators. The platform pulls together an ecosystem of four different types of partnership networks, 

as outlined below:

2

1) CUSTOMER ACQUISITION AND E-WALLET PARTNERSHIP NETWORK

The customer acquisition partnership network can help the Libra Credit drive adoption and scalability. Lending 

applications and e-wallets provide a multitude of acquisition channels for Libra Credit to obtain its customers. 

Our lending application partners can facilitate liquidity for its end users through the Libra Credit. Examples 

would be travel applications (i.e. crypto-holders can obtain fiat lending for trip payment) and e-commerce 

applications (i.e. fiat lending for purchasing advance). On the other hand, the Libra Credit can drive trade volume 

for e-wallet networks through our loan disbursement needs.

10

As Libra Credit scales, each of the following partner network components will be developed to assume 

the following roles: 



LIBRA CREDIT

11

4) EXCHANGE & CUSTODIAN PARTNERSHIP NETWORK

Our exchange partnerships (e.g. Radar Relay and DDEX) serve the role of providing crypto market liquidity and

flexibility for the network. Borrowers can go through Libra Credit to get the best rates offered to us exclusively

for their crypto investments. At the same time, Libra Credit will have full access and support in the case that

collaterals in our possession have to be immediately liquidated.

3) LENDER & STABLECOIN PARTNERSHIP NETWORK

Lenders and stablecoin providers are essential to our network since they can supply liquidity, hedge risk and 

enable the reinvestment needs of our borrowers. Fiat lenders such as banks, funds and other financial 

institutions can satisfy cash turnover needs of crypto holders (i.e. payday loans). While stable coin providers 

enable crypto holders to hedge the volatility of their portfolio. Lastly, crypto-to-crypto lenders (i.e. crypto funds, 

private investors) can lend tokens or other crypto currencies to institutions and crypto users. For example, 

institutions with large holdings of proprietary tokens can borrow BTC or ETH to fund their operations.



Libra Credit offers a quick and seamless digital lending process that can be completed online or in a 

mobile application in five easy steps.

Here is an illustrative example of a crypto-to-fiat loan on Libra Credit. Assume that Bob, a Libra Credit 

community member and XYZ Token holder, wants to pledge XYZ Tokens for a 30-day loan in US Dollars 

(USD).

Step 2: Verification & Credit Assessment

Libra Credit verifies the borrower’s identity after 

the application is submitted. In particular, to 

obtain more authorized and verified data of Bob, 

Libra Credit may make selective disclosure 

request to verification partners (e.g. uPort). 

Users with existing Identity Management 

Accounts at supported platforms may be able to 

bypass the KYC process. Once verified, an 

automated real-time credit assessment is 

conducted by our proprietary big data and AI-

based credit assessment engine. Based on Bob’s 

credit score and collateral grade, Libra Credit will 

generate corresponding loan terms.

Sample Loan Terms Sample Approved Terms

Collateral XYZ Token(s) are accepted

Collateral-to-loan 
(CTL) Ratio

125%

Interest rate 12% 

Payment frequency Weekly

LIBRA CREDIT

12

Application Verification & Credit Assessment
Notification & 
Confirmation

Collateral 
Deposit Disbursement

Step 1: Application

As a platform member, Bob fills in an online/mobile loan application form and submit digital documents 

(if required) to Libra Credit.

Selected Use Cases3.1.2



LIBRA CREDIT

Step 3: Notification & Confirmation

Bob will be instantly notified via APP, SMS or email of the final loan terms in which he can immediately 

accept with simply one click.

Step 4: Collateral Deposit

Bob’s XYZ Token is deposited into Libra Credit’s e-wallet or exchange partners, depending on borrower’s 

preference. The collaterals will be securely stored for the entire loan period.

Step 5: Disbursement

USD will be instantly deposited from the lenders wallet to Bob’s4. If Bob chooses to receive the loan in 

his digital wallet (e.g. Alipay, WeChat Pay), the whole process will be completed within minutes5. If Bob 

prefers a bank account deposit, one working day will be required for loan disbursement6. This is 

significantly faster than most digital lenders that require day(s) and traditional lending institutions that 

require at least 2-4 weeks to process. 

During the loan period, Bob makes weekly payments (or any other frequency approved by Libra Credit). 

When the loan is repaid, Bob’s XYZ Token is returned.

Risk Handling Mechanism 

Maintaining the Margin – Cryptocurrencies pledged as collateral may drop in value during the loan 

period, causing a decrease in the CTL ratio. If the CTL ratio falls past a threshold (minimum 

maintenance margin), a margin call will be triggered. In Bob’s case, if XYZ suddenly drops 10% in value, 

Bob’s CTL ratio will decrease to 112.5%. 

13
4): We assume that the electronic wallet will be able to store both fiat and crypto currencies
5): Depending on regulatory approval, applicant’s profile and server speed
6): Subject to the regulatory approval and efficiency of banks



LIBRA CREDIT

Since it is lower than the minimum maintenance margin of 125% required by Libra Credit, a margin call 

to Bob is triggered by the smart contract. This will inform him via APP notification, SMS or email to 

either deposit additional XYZ Tokens (or equivalent LBA Tokens) or make a loan payment to meet the 

maintenance margin at 125%. Bob will be

given enough time to meet the maintenance margin subject to the velocity of the XYZ Token value. The 

quicker the price drops, the shorter the time Bob has to respond.

Default – If Bob is unable or unwilling to meet the minimum maintenance margin during his allocated 

time, the Libra Credit will initiate an automated liquidation of Bob’s assets. All liquidated assets will be 

used for loan repayment and minimum margin maintenance. In this example, 44.4% of Bob’s XYZ will be 

sold and the CTL ratio will return to 125%. Incremental liquidation will occur if XYZ continues to 

depreciate in the future.

Similarly, in a crypto-to-stablecoin lending, all steps remain the same except disbursement (step 5). 

Instead of fiat distribution, stablecoins (e.g. DAI from MakerDAO) will be deposited directly to 

borrowers’ e-wallet. During the loan period, borrowers need to repay stablecoins (e.g. DAI) in agreed 

frequency and when the value of collaterals drops, borrowers need to deposit more collateral or make 

stablecoin repayments.

14



LIBRA CREDIT

Compared to existing digital lending models, Libra Credit differentiates itself in:

• Diversified sources of funding 

• Proprietary collateral-based assessment

• In-house crypto-exchange 

Name (Ticker) Libra Credit (LBA)
Salt

(SALT)
Coinloan

(CLT)
Everex
(EVX)

ETHlend
(LEND)

Business Model
Decentralized lending 
ecosystem

Decentralized 
lending platform

Decentralized 
lending platform

Decentralized 
lending platform

Decentralized 
lending platform

Type of Services

Secured crypto-to-
fiat/crypto loan 
(ultimately  for all 
asset classes)

Secured crypto-
to-fiat or crypto-
to-crypto loan

Secured crypto-
to-fiat loan

Secured asset 
transfer, borrow 
& remittance

Secured crypto-
to-fiat loan

Source of Funding

Stablecoin partners 
(e.g. Maker DAO), 
financial institutions & 
private investors

P2P network of 
lenders

P2P network of 
lenders

Self-funded
P2P network of 
lenders

Experience in 
Lending Services

Yes, with 33 Mn
customers & loan book 
value USD $850 Mn+

Yes No Yes No

Collateral-based 
Assessment7

Yes No No No No

3rd Party Data 
Partnerships

Yes No No No Yes

Liquidity 
Networks

Partnerships & 
In-house

Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships

15

Competitive Advantage3.1.3

7): Incorporates both individual credit score and collateral grade in the assessment 



LIBRA CREDIT

Stakeholders Key Benefits

Crypto Investors 

• Alternative channel for crypto-financial asset conversion

• Global access to all asset classes

• Reinvestment opportunities through margin lending

Borrowers
• Easy access to credit services

• 24/7 application and instantaneous approval

Lenders

• Crypto-market exposure with lower risks

• Significant reduction in cost of loan monitoring

• Reduced reporting efforts with single source of truth

E-wallet Partners

• Additional product/service use cases which will improve customer 
satisfaction and thus customer loyalty

• Customer base expansion and potential income enhancement with 
expanded fund flows

Exchange Partners

• Increased trading volume and trading fee income

• Enhanced liquidity depth on top of the existing order book, which drives 
additional customer acquisition

Stablecoin Partners

• Additional use cases (e.g. crypto lending) and real-life application of its 
product and service offerings

• Help to drive adoption (e.g. increased stablecoin supply with more 
underlying assets) and circulation of the stablecoin

Verification Data Provider 
Partners

• Additional data subscription fee income

• Access to on-chain credit and transaction data from the emerging digital / 
crypto world (if platform users authorize data sharing)

• Synergies created through Joint Modelling (e.g. enhanced credit modelling 
and data sourcing capability)

16

Key Benefits3.1.4



LIBRA CREDIT

LBA “Tokens” will be issued pursuant to a token sale to serve the following purposes on the Libra Credit 

platform:

Membership

Tokens are used to pay to access the Libra Credit platform, which allows borrowers to submit loan 

application.

Transactions

Tokens are the medium of exchange on the Libra Credit platform. For example, a service fee in Tokens 

will be charged for every successful transaction.

Incentives

Token incentives are granted to stakeholders in the case of the following:

Service – Developers that contribute to development for their services; and

Referral – Successful introductions of other lenders to the Libra Credit.

Governance 

Token holders constitute the Libra Community which governs the network by:

Platform Development Planning – participating in surveys to provide feedback on specific projects / 

proposals to facilitate platform technology development.

17

The LBA Token3.1.5



OUR TECHNOLOGY

Open API 
Plug-in

Exchange 
Network 

(e.g. Radar 
Relay and 

DDEX )

Libra Lending Platform

Ethereum Blockchain

Additional data 
stored on off-chain 

Behavioural Interaction, Applicant Profile, 
Credit Portal & Web Crawler input

Streaming & MapReduce Computation

Credit Model & Collateral Grade Assessed

AI-based Credit Assessment 
Framework

1

Retail Lending 
Smart Contract

2

Joint Open Access 
Modelling

• Credit market data, analysis & rating
• Data analytics, credit scoring & 

lending behavioural monitoring
• Other services and products…

Integration Gateway

Stable Coin 
Providers

(e.g. 
MakerDAO)

E-wallet & 
Exchange

Open-API

3rd Party Identification Data Providers 
(i.e. uPort)

B1

A

C

D1

B2

D2

B3

3rd Party
LBA Token 

Holders

The technical infrastructure of Libra Credit comprises of four major components including:

A) Libra Lending Platform

B) Partnership Network Access Integration

C) AI Credit Assessment Engine

D) Smart Contract Suites built on Ethereum blockchain

18

3.2 OUR TECHNOLOGY



OUR TECHNOLOGY

A
LIBRA LENDING PLATFORM
The Libra Lending Platform is a front end user interface allowing token holders to access the 

network through their mobile application. A developed mobile application is already in testing to 

facilitate crypto-to-crypto loans.

(From Left to Right: Credit application, pledge crypto collateral, stable coin deposit receipt)

To facilitate efficient asset exchange and bring in crypto providers, a separate integration 

gateway is built to connect the Libra Lending Platform with exchange network (e.g. Radar Relay 

and DDEX) and stable coin providers (e.g. MakerDAO). For exchange networks and stablecoin

providers integration details, please refer to B1.

19



OUR TECHNOLOGY

B
PARTNERSHIP NETWORK ACCESS INTEGRATION
In order for Libra Credit to operate as a full ecosystem, our partnership networks have to be 

properly integrated. To ensure quality and contribution of our various partnership networks, the 

information flow in and out of Libra Credit will be governed by our Joint Modelling and Open 

Data smart contract detailed in D. Smart Contract Suites.

B1: Exchange Networks and Stablecoin Providers

Our exchange partnership networks (e.g. Radar Relay and DDEX) and stablecoin providers (i.e. 

MakerDAO) are connected through an integration gateway identified as B1. In particular, stable 

coin providers can be programmed using Web3.js and Infura. Below is a demonstration of an 

integration call sequence with MakerDAO.

Libra Credit and MakerDAO Operation Flow:

1. Borrower pledges crypto to borrow MakerDAO stablecoin ‘DAI’

2. Libra lending platform opens an account with MakerDAO and pledges ETH as collateral 
(MakerDAO only accepts ETH) 

3. MakerDAO transfers DAI to Libra lending platform 

4. DAI is disbursed from Libra lending platform to borrower

5. DAI is repaid from borrower to Libra lending platform 

6. Libra lending platform returns the required DAI and closes the account with MakerDAO

Libra 
Lending 
Platform

1

4

5

2

3

6Borrowers 

20



OUR TECHNOLOGY

In addition, Libra Credit can integrate with 0x-protocol-based decentralized exchanges 

(DEX) to approve access to standard ERC-20 collateral token. A demonstration of an 

integration call sequence with 0x-based DEX (e.g. Radar Relay and DDEX) is shown below.

Libra Credit and 0x-based DEX (e.g. Radar Relay and DDEX) Operation Flow:

1. LBA borrower creates a loan request with ERC20 collateral token for stable token at agreed terms

2. LBA borrower sends loan request to Libra Credit and makes ERC20 collateral deposit

3. Once the loan request is approved, Libra Credit will forward this request in the form of a 0x exchange order to 
DEX Taker

4. DEX Taker approves the request and accesses its balance of stable token

5. DEX Taker then submits the Libra-signed order to DEX partners such as Radar Relay and DDEX

6. DEX partners will authenticates Libra signature, verifies that the order has not expired, verified that the order 
has not already been filled, and then transfers the collateral token into stable token

7. DEX partners (e.g. Radar Relay and DDEX) send stable token to Libra Credit

8. Libra Credit disburses the stable token to borrower

Borrowers

1
2

Libra 
Credit 

Network

Ethereum Blockchain
3

0x-based DEX 
(e.g. Radar Relay 

and DDEX )

DEX Taker Stable 
Token

4

5

Collateral 
Token

6

67
8

21



OUR TECHNOLOGY

B2. Open APIs for E-wallet Partnership Network

E-wallet partners can be used natively by borrowers to store and transfer their 

cryptocurrencies and fiat (depending on compatibility) with the best possible rate the 

Libra Credit can offer. E-Wallet partners are connected to the Libra Credit Platform 

through open APIs governed by one of the smart contract suites detailed in D. Smart 

Contract Suites.

B3. API Plug-in with 3rd Party Identification Data Providers

To create a faster identity verification process, third party providers actively support our 

Credit Assessment Framework. As shown below, the LBA-uPort Selective Disclosure 

Agreement authorizes uPortMobile’s data request, which is then consolidated with other 

raw data points collected by Libra Credit for a holistic credit score.

LBA App uPort Mobile

LBA App uPort Mobile

Selective Disclosure Request

Selective Disclosure Response

Authorize Request?

Allow / Disallow

Sign Selective Disclosure Response

Owner

Owner

22



OUR TECHNOLOGY

C
AI-BASED CREDIT ASSESSMENT FRAMEWORK
The AI-based Credit Assessment Framework leverages raw data from a variety of sources 

to compute an optimized result for each individual borrower using a proven 

mathematical algorithm. The result is purely computed mainly based on two variables –

credit score and collateral grade – as follows:

Credit Score:

A comprehensive persona is created by collecting data from the borrower’s mobile 

application behavior, application profile, social network, banking history and matching 

entries from credit rating providers. These raw data points are then consolidated and 

computed using machine learning algorithms consisting of Logistic Regression Modelling, 

with features extracted from the Deep Neural Network and Ensemble Learning build 

using a Gradient Boosting Decision Tree (GBDT) architecture. This proven and efficient 

credit scoring algorithm has enabled Libra Credit to be able to achieve historical loan 

default rate average of 3.5%. The credit score is computed mathematically as follows: 

23



OUR TECHNOLOGY

Collateral Grade:

Libra Credit has developed an in-house machine learning algorithm that generates a 

collateral grade score. The system adopts WebCrawler – a technology that automatically 

analyses trading history, Github repositories, blockchain explorers, media reports, social 

network data, speculative information and cryptocurrency forum discussions to form a 

comprehensive collateral report. By combining our grading system with traditional 

volatility measures, a collateralization rate (between 0 and 1) is calculated to represent a 

volatility estimate of the crypto asset(s) pledged by a specific borrower. If the 

collateralization rate is less than 1, it indicates that the collateral will be valued at a 

discount. 

Our Deep Learning valuation capabilities are tested against historical Bitcoin data sets 

with a proven statistical significance. The AI-based credit assessment framework directly 

feeds HASH data to the Ethereum main-net through the Libra Credit DApp. 

D

24

ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN INTERACTION AND SMART CONTRACT SUITES
Libra Credit leverages the Ethereum blockchain to facilitate two major types of smart contracts –

Retail Lending and Joint Open Access Modelling. To optimize storage efficiency, cost and speed, 

other information such as customer profile and loan detailed data is stored with encryption off-

chain on D2 with InterPlanetary File System (IPFS) protocol. 



OUR TECHNOLOGY

Libra Credit’s smart contract suite on Ethereum features the following:

1. Retail Lending Smart Contract Suite

The retail lending smart contract is coded in a manner that simultaneously combats 

market volatility while stabilizing the pledged collateral. The retail lending smart contract 

adopts the features of Alert Watermark Guard (“AWL”) – a layered mechanism that 

stabilizes the asset liquidity and collection effectiveness in the case that a borrower 

defaults on his / her loan. Paired with Smart Automated Reaction (“SAR”), the retail 

lending smart contract can be automatically triggered to perform hedging against 

systematic risks. AWL and SAR works together as follows:

Define:

r-loan: Initial collateral-to-loan (“CTL”) ratio (~150% - 130% depending on specific 

collateral and borrower credit score);

r-min: Minimum CTL ratio when a margin call is triggered (~110% to reduce loan risk);

r-alert: CTL ratio between r-loan and r-min where automated reactions to market 

movement will intervene if enabled by borrowers (larger r-alert means more responsive 

reactions);

Collateral value increase: current CTL would increase and borrower can withdraw some 

collateral (withdrawal is limited during the entire loan span), must maintain r-loan;

Collateral value decrease: responses dependent on pre-defined strategy and current CTL, 

(e.g. borrower can choose to enable or disable SAR with respect to his/her own risk 

preference.)

25



OUR TECHNOLOGY

Alert Watermark Guard Algorithm:

Repeat this routine at a pre-defined interval (~10 minutes) for each outstanding loan {

{  r=current CTL;

if (r<=r-min) then 

Emergency margin call to add collateral or collateral auction to keep 

r=r-loan;

else if (r>=r-loan) then 

Borrower could partially withdraw collateral and maintain r=r-loan;

else if (r-min<r<=r-alert & SAR enabled) then   

Transform partial collateral to stable coin to maintain r>r-alert;  

}

[Note1] SAR only takes effect within pre-defined N days before repayment due day, e.g., N 

= 7. Larger N usually means more responsive SAR.

[Note2] If the borrower defaults, an add-on fee will be added to final amount due and 

additional collateral may be automatically deducted.

2. Joint Open Access Modelling Smart Contract Suite

Open Data Smart Contract – Third parties (i.e. financial institutions, regulators, etc.) may 

access through open-API plug-ins governed by the Open Data Smart Contract. The smart 

contract is open-source and built with a standard Application Blockchain Interface (ABCI) 

that enables connected parties to share and query data on-chain. All data on the system 

is processed and verified to ensure regulatory compliance. Data query volumes are 

strictly limited dependent on previously contributed data. An experimental code snippet 

for the Open Data Smart Contract is attached to the appendix for reference. 

26



OUR TECHNOLOGY

Joint Modelling – To effectively manage risk regarding third party access, Libra Credit will 

adopt a holistic solution involving Joint Modelling with other data providers, data labelers 

and modelling hackers. A Smart Scoring Contract will be developed covering all aspects of 

the risk evaluation lifecycle. Additional risk is managed using validation tests, whereby 

A/B Tests (split testing) and champion challenges will be conducted before any third-

party can participate in joint modelling on the main-chain. In addition to synergies 

generated for both parties using Joint Modelling, outstanding contributors will be 

rewarded Token(s) for their contributions.

27



OUR TEAM

3.3 OUR TEAM

28

Lu Hua – Co-Founder & CEO

Payments, Financing & Risk Management Expert

CEO of moKredit; China’s top digital credit servicing company. Successfully funded by Sequoia 

Capital, Bertelsmann Asia Investments & Ventech China

Paypal China head of core payments; led and managed card association and banking infrastructure 

and partnerships

Paypal US head of global banking platform; led global card association and banking infrastructure 

and partnerships.

Dan Schatt – Co-Founder & President

Fintech and Payments Expert

Chief Commercial Officer at Stockpile Inc.; a leading fintech company invested by Sequoia Capital, 

Fidelity Investments' Eight Roads Ventures, Arbor and Mayfield Funds & Ashton Kutcher

General Manager of Financial Innovations at PayPal

Howard Wu – Chief Scientist

Blockchain and Cryptography Expert

Managing partner of Dekrypt Capital; a blockchain investment firm with an emphasis on privacy-

preserving protocols and early-stage ventures

Advisor of Blockchain at Berkeley; a university-based eco-system for blockchain and specializes in 

educating the community and helping companies benefit from blockchain technology

Software engineer of Google

Master in Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences in UC Berkeley

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and Applied Mathematics in UC Berkeley



29

OUR TEAM

Kenneth Oh  – Advisor

Legal and Regulatory Expert 

Senior partner with Dentons Rodyk & Davidson’s Corporate Practice

20 years of legal advisory experience in venture capital, private equity, IPOs/Token Sales 

and post-IPO/Token Sale funding, as well as M&A

Shuoji Zhou – Advisor

Experienced Crypto Hedge Fund Manager in Asia

Founding partner of FBG Capital; a leading digital asset management firm in blockchain-based 

capital market 

Early investor of a broad spectrum of blockchain companies; accumulated extensive experience in 

digital assets trading and investment 

Liam Robertson - Advisor

Founder and CEO of Alphabit Digital Currency Fund

CFA, CAIA

Liam is one of the largest individual and corporate traders of Cryptocurrencies in Europe and the 

Middle East. A certified investment manager in the UK, he established one of the world's first 

regulated cryptocurrency hedge funds in 2016.

Francesco Matteini- Chief Compliance Officer

Founder and CEO of InnReg

Chief Compliance Officer of Zecco

Chief Compliance Officer of TradeKing



30

OUR TEAM

Scott Thompson – Advisor

Financing, Internet and Payments Expert

CEO at Tuition.io; a leading student loan management platform in the U.S., which has helped tens

of thousands of borrowers organize more than $2 billion in outstanding loans

CEO at Yahoo

President at PayPal

Brett King – Advisor

Founder and CEO of Moven.com

A world-renowned futurist and speaker, an International Bestselling Author.

King hosts the world's first and #1 ranked radio show on FinTech called "Breaking Banks“.

Greg Kidd – Advisor

CEO of Global ID

Co-Founder of Hard Yaka

Chief Risk Officer of Ripple Labs

http://tuition.io/


DEVELOPMENT 
ROADMAP

2017 Q4 Libra Credit Idea Generation

2018 Q2

2018 Q3

2018 Q4

2019

2020

Token Sale & Token Activation

Libra Credit Platform (Desktop version) Launched for 
crypto-to-crypto/fiat lending

Libra Credit mobile App Launched

Other digital asset-to-crypto/fiat lending enabled with 
extended partnership networks

Achieved milestone

Key milestones to be achieved

Digital/financial/physical asset-to crypto/fiat lending 
enabled with global partnership networks

31



DEFINITIONS

Term Definition

AB-test
A form of statistical hypothesis testing or "two-sample hypothesis testing" 
for validation purposes

AI
Artificial Intelligence developed by machines when "cognitive" functions 
of humans are mimicked

Application Programming 
Interface (API)

A set of clearly defined methods of communication between various 
software components

Application-blockchain-
interface (ABCI)

Application interfaces that allows the sharing of blockchain data

Bonus Extra LBA issued for early-bird Token purchasers

Decentralized Application 
(DApp)

A protocol that allows a private program to be built on top of the 
Ethereum Blockchain

Diversified Collateral Pool
Accumulation of collaterals with different asset classes (i.e. 
cryptocurrencies, gold, etc.), forming a diversified pool of collaterals

ERC – 20
Ethereum token standard as published at

https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20

E-wallet Electronic wallet that is able to store cryptocurrencies

GitHub A web-based hosting service for revision control

Guarantor
Person or firm that endorses a third-party agreement to guarantee the 
promises made by the borrower to the lender will be fulfilled, and 
assumes liability if the borrower fails to fulfill them

Integration gateway
A service that allows connection with different back ends (e.g. Libra 
Lending Platform and stable coin providers) to ensure asset exchange

32



DEFINITIONS

Term Definition

IPFS
A protocol and eponymous network designed to create a content-
addressable, peer-to-peer method of storing and sharing hypermedia in a 
distributed file system

KYC Know Your Customer process

Libra Community Token holders automatically form the community

Libra Credit
The first holistic, blockchain-based ecosystem that facilitates open access 
to credit in any form, including cryptocurrency

Lock-up Period
A predetermined amount of time following an initial coin offering where 
investors representing considerable ownerships are restricted from selling 
their shares

Margin call
In the case of a sharp LBA coins depreciation, LBA informs the lender 
either to deposit more LBA coins or repay the loan so that the account is 
brought up to the minimum maintenance level (to maintain the CLT ratio)

OTC
Over-the-counter trading, where a transaction occurs directly between 
two parties without involving an exchange

Smart Contract Self-executing contracts with terms of agreement embedded

Stablecoin Cryptocurrencies with stable value

Streaming Computation & 
MapReduce Computation

Programming computational model that involves possessing one item at a 
time and generating big data sets with a parallel, distributed algorithm on 
a cluster

Token Sale LBA Token private sale and public sale

Whitepaper This Whitepaper issued by LBA Foundation

33



APPENDIX

Libra Credit Open Data Smart Contract – Github Snippet

34



APPENDIX

35

IMPORTANT NOTICE

This Whitepaper in current form is being circulated for general information and to invite investor feedback only 

on the Libra Credit as presently conceived, and is subject to review and revision by the directors of Libra 

Foundation and its advisers and/or legal advisers. Please do not replicate or distribute any part of this 

Whitepaper without this note in accompaniment. No part of this Whitepaper is intended to create legal relations 

between a recipient of this Whitepaper or to be legally binding or enforceable by such recipient against Libra 

Foundation. An updated version of this Whitepaper may be published on a date to be determined and 

announced by Libra Foundation in due course.

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED “DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY”, “NO 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES”, “REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU”, “CAUTIONARY NOTE 

ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS”, “THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS”, 

“TERMS USED”, “NO ADVICE”, “NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE”, “RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION 

AND DISSEMINATION”, “NO OFFER OF INVESTMENT OR REGISTRATION”, “PREVAILING LANGUAGE” AND “RISKS 

AND UNCERTAINTIES” CAREFULLY.

IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, 

FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).

The Tokens are not intended to constitute securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective 

investment scheme or any other form of investment in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not constitute a 

prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, 

units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment, or a 

solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction.

This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion or any advice to acquire, sell, or any solicitation 

of any offer by Libra Foundation to buy any Tokens nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation 

form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision.



APPENDIX

36

The proceeds from the sale of the Tokens will be deployed to support ongoing development and growth of Libra 

Credit, business development, marketing and compliance activities.

No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the acquisition of 

Tokens and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper.

Any agreement as between Libra Foundation or its affiliate(s) and you in relation to any purchase of Tokens, is to 

be governed by only a separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the “Token Sale Terms”) of such 

agreement. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Token Sale Terms and this Whitepaper, the former 

shall prevail.

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such 

action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The 

publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory 

requirements or rules have been complied with.

There are risks and uncertainties associated with Libra Foundation and its business and operations, the Tokens 

and Libra Credit. Please refer to the section entitled “Risks and Disclosures” set out at the end of this Whitepaper.

This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any country where 

distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted.

No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this section and 

the following sections entitled “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No Representations and Warranties”, “Representations 

and Warranties By You”, “Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking Statements”, “Third Party Information and No 

Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No Advice”, “No Further Information or Update”, “Restrictions On 

Distribution and Dissemination”, “No Offer of Investment Or Registration”, “Prevailing Language” and “Risks and 

Uncertainties”.



APPENDIX

37

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY

To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Libra Foundation shall not be 

liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise 

(including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in 

connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.

NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Libra Foundation does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or 

undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or 

undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in this 

Whitepaper.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU

By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case 

may be), you represent and warrant to Libra Foundation as follows:

a) you agree and acknowledge that the Tokens do not constitute securities of any form, units in a business trust, 

units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment in any jurisdiction;

b) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of 

any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in 

a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment in any jurisdiction, or a solicitation for any 

form of investment, and you are not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no 

cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper;

c) you acknowledge and understand that no Token should be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as 

enabling, or according any opportunity to, tokenholders to participate in or receive profits, income, or other 

payments or returns arising from or in connection with the Tokens or the proceeds from the sale of Tokens, 

or to receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other payments or returns;



APPENDIX

38

d) you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the information set 

out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules 

of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not 

imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with;

e) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion of the sale of 

Tokens, or future trading of Tokens on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted or 

deemed by you as an indication of the merits of Libra Foundation, the Tokens and the Libra Credit;

f) the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or acceptance of 

the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your 

jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you have observed and 

complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and without liability to Libra Foundation;

g) you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to acquire any Tokens, Tokens are not to be 

construed, interpreted, classified or treated as:

i. any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;

ii. debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity;

iii. rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;

iv. rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or pretended 

purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss;

v. units in a collective investment scheme;

vi. units in a business trust;

vii. derivatives of units in a business trust; or

viii. any form of investment;

h) you are not obtaining or using Tokens for any illegal purpose;



APPENDIX

39

i) you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission 

mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, 

cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology, and smart 

contract technology;

j) you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any Tokens, there are risks 

associated with Libra Foundation and its business and operations, Tokens and the Libra Credit;

k) you bear the sole responsibility to determine what tax implications a purchase of Tokens may have for you 

and agree not to hold Libra Foundation and/or any other person involved in the sale of Tokens liable for any 

tax liability associated with or arising therefrom;

l) you agree and acknowledge that Libra Foundation is not liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, 

consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of 

revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of 

or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you;

m) you waive the right to participate in a class action lawsuit or a class wide arbitration against Libra 

Foundation and/or any person involved in the creation and distribution of Tokens; and

n) all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the 

time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case 

may be).

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by the 

public and oral statements that may be made by Libra Foundation or its directors, executive officers or 

employees acting on behalf of Libra Foundation, that are not statements of historical fact, constitute “forward-

looking statements”.



APPENDIX

40

Some of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, 

“believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”, “project”, “should”, 

“would”, “will” or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-

looking statements. All statements regarding Libra Foundation’s business strategies, plans and prospects and the 

future prospects of the industry which Libra Foundation is in are forward- looking statements. These forward-

looking statements, including but not limited to statements as to Libra Foundation’s prospects, future plans, 

other expected industry trends and other matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding Libra Foundation are 

matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions.

These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may 

cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Libra Foundation to be materially different from 

any future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking 

statements. These factors include, amongst others:

(a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory 

environment in the countries in which Libra Foundation conducts its business and operations;

(b) the risk that Libra Foundation may be unable to execute or implement its business strategies and future 

plans;

(c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies;

(d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of Libra Foundation and Libra 

Credit;

(e) changes in the availability and fees payable to Libra Foundation in connection with its business and 

operations or in Libra Credit;

(f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by Libra Foundation to operate its 

business and operations;

(g) changes in preferences of users of Libra Credit;

(h) changes in competitive conditions under which Libra Foundation operates, and the ability of Libra 

Foundation to compete under such conditions;

(i) changes in the future capital needs of Libra Foundation and the availability of financing and capital to fund 

such needs;



APPENDIX

41

(j) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;

(k) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the business and/or 

operations of Libra Foundation;

(l) other factors beyond the control of Libra Foundation; and

(m) any risk and uncertainties associated with Libra Foundation and its business and operations, the Tokens and 

the Libra Credit.

All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to Libra Foundation and/or persons acting on behalf of 

Libra Foundation are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and uncertainties that 

may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Libra Foundation to be materially different 

from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Whitepaper, undue reliance 

must not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of 

this Whitepaper.

None of Libra Foundation or any other person represents, warrants, and/or undertakes that the actual future 

results, performance or achievements of Libra Foundation will be as discussed in those forward-looking 

statements. The actual results, performance or achievements of Libra Foundation may differ materially from 

those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.

Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to 

the future performance or policies of Libra Foundation.

Further, Libra Foundation disclaims any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking statements or 

publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events or 

circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.



APPENDIX

42

THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS

This Whitepaper includes information obtained from various third party sources (“Third Party Information”). 

None of the publishers of Third Party Information has consented to the inclusion of Third Party Information in            

this Whitepaper and is therefore not liable for Third Party Information. While reasonable action has been taken 

to ensure that Third Party Information has been included in their proper form and context, none of Libra 

Foundation or its directors, executive officers, and employees acting on its behalf, has independently verified the 

accuracy, reliability, completeness of the contents, or ascertained any applicable underlying assumption, of the 

relevant Third Party Information. Consequently, none of Libra Foundation or its directors, executive officers and 

employees acting on their behalf makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy, reliability or 

completeness of such information and shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same. 

TERMS USED

To facilitate a better understanding of the Tokens, Libra Credit and the business and operations of Libra 

Foundation, certain technical terms and abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have 

been used in this Whitepaper. These descriptions and assigned meanings should not be treated as being 

definitive of their meanings and may not correspond to standard industry meanings or usage.

Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importin g the 

masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. References to 

persons shall include corporations.

NO ADVICE

No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice regarding 

Libra Foundation, the Tokens or the Libra Credit. You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other 

professional adviser regarding Libra Foundation and its business and operations, the Tokens and the Libra Credit. 

You should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of Tokens for an 

indefinite period of time.



APPENDIX

43

NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE

No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained in this Whitepaper 

in connection with Libra Foundation and its business and operations, the Tokens or the Libra Credit, if given, 

such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of Libra 

Foundation. The publication of this Whitepaper shall not, under any circumstances, constitute a continuing 

representation or create any suggestion or implication that there has been no change, or development 

reasonably likely to involve a material change in the affairs, conditions and prospects of Libra Foundation or in 

any statement of fact or information contained in this Whitepaper since the date hereof.

RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION

The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the 

laws, regulatory requirements, and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you are to 

inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this 

Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to Libra 

Foundation.

Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who 

otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or 

otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor 

permit or cause the same to occur.

NO OFFER OF INVESTMENT OR REGISTRATION

This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to 

constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or 

any other form of investment, or a solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction. No person is bound 

to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be 

accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper.



APPENDIX

44

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such 

action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The 

publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory 

requirements or rules have been complied with.

PREVAILING LANGUAGE

The English language version of this Whitepaper is the only official version in force. If there is any inconsistency 

between this Whitepaper and other translations of this Whitepaper, the English version of this Whitepaper shall 

prevail. You acknowledge and agree that any translation you may have reviewed or which may have been made 

available to you is for your reference only and are not certified by Libra Foundation. Names of any laws and 

regulations, governmental authorities, institutions, natural persons or other entities which have been translated 

into English and included in this Whitepaper and for which no official English translation exists are unofficial 

translations for your reference only.

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

Prospective purchasers of Tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated 

with Libra Foundation and its businesses and operations, the Tokens and the Libra Credit, all information set out 

in this Whitepaper and the Token Sale Terms prior to any purchase of the Tokens. If any of such risks and 

uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 

of Libra Foundation could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the 

value of the Tokens. 


	幻灯片编号 1
	幻灯片编号 2
	幻灯片编号 3
	幻灯片编号 4
	幻灯片编号 5
	幻灯片编号 6
	幻灯片编号 7
	幻灯片编号 8
	幻灯片编号 9
	幻灯片编号 10
	幻灯片编号 11
	幻灯片编号 12
	幻灯片编号 13
	幻灯片编号 14
	幻灯片编号 15
	幻灯片编号 16
	幻灯片编号 17
	幻灯片编号 18
	幻灯片编号 19
	幻灯片编号 20
	幻灯片编号 21
	幻灯片编号 22
	幻灯片编号 23
	幻灯片编号 24
	幻灯片编号 25
	幻灯片编号 26
	幻灯片编号 27
	幻灯片编号 28
	幻灯片编号 29
	幻灯片编号 30
	幻灯片编号 31
	幻灯片编号 32
	幻灯片编号 33
	幻灯片编号 34
	幻灯片编号 35
	幻灯片编号 36
	幻灯片编号 37
	幻灯片编号 38
	幻灯片编号 39
	幻灯片编号 40
	幻灯片编号 41
	幻灯片编号 42
	幻灯片编号 43
	幻灯片编号 44
	幻灯片编号 45

