











































Logist ics Meets Blockchain 
Technology

WHITE PAPER



INDEX

04

19

06

20

10

23

17

24

ABSTRACT

PROJECT
MILESTONES

INTRODUCTION

TEC

BUSINESS MODEL

DISTRIBUTION

E C O N O M I C D ATA 
A N D P R O J E CT I O N S

LEGAL

LW F,
 LO G I S T I C S O F F E R I N G M A NY 
S E R V I C E S S U P P O RT E D BY A N 

E F F I C I E NT D I G ITA L P L AT F O R M 

A N D T H E I NT E G R AT I O N O F 

B LO C KC H A I N T E C H N O LO G I E S



5

The flourishing e-commerce industry still suffers from major limitations. Customs duties
are too high and often unjustified. Delivery problems continue to delay progress in many
emerging countries. For example, Tarik from New Delhi is looking to purchase a new
iPhone X, but Apple stores have a policy that prevents shipment of iPhones to India.
Large distributors offer a limited supply based on geographical regions and this is often
not in line with customers’ needs.

A B S T R A CT

A UNIQUE 

PROJECT IN 

LOGISTICS

The problems are threefold: Protectionism, lack of logistic capability, 
and restrictive policies imposed on developing countries by online sale 
giants which prevent the ability to acquire first world products. Asia, South 
America, and Russia in particular are most affected by these constraints.
Traditional logistics companies use their own centralized systems. They 
have not yet caught up with more efficient standardized management 
systems which are constantly updated and modified. Integration is often 
difficult, time-consuming, and expensive making the writing of APIs and 
data consolidation structures especially challenging.

LWF intends to build a multi-service logistics platform supported by a 
DPoS-based blockchain capable of decentralizing all information currently 
held within traditional logistics systems. In this way the management 
system becomes immutable. For the first time, we have a new common 
standard for logistical data processed via the DPoS blockchain.

LWF Coin is a currency 
based on DPoS technology.
This allows for a democratic 
and decentralized platform 
on which the LWF Logistics
System is based.



7

I NT R O D U CT I O N

LWF intends to build a multi-service logistics platform supported by a DPoS-
based blockchain capable of decentralizing all information currently held within 
traditional logistics systems. In this way the management system becomes 
immutable. For the first time, we have a new common standard for logistical data 
processed via the DPoS blockchain.
The DPoS-based blockchain will allow a scalable and secure environment in which 
we can process all information about shipments, feedback, freight forwarders, 
media management, and shipping status as well as apportion a designated 

A PLATFORM 

REVOLUTIONIZING 

LOGISTICS IN THE 

WORLD

dispute management team.
Our P2P platform will be based on sophisticated matching algorithms and user-friendly
interfaces on our DPoS blockchain where we will develop our entire logistics database.
Regardless of geographical location, anyone using our implemented features such as
know your customer verification (KYC) and anti-money laundering standards (AML) will
now be able to earn income thanks to the safety and security of our platform.
LWF makes it possible for emerging countries to receive goods that would be
impossible to get otherwise.
All of these services will be protected by a state-of-the-art anti-fraud system, and we
strive to ensure peace of mind with our world-class escrow and dispute management
services.

P2P Freight Forwarding: 
Our goal is to be the first service in the world that allows anyone to ship or 
receive parcels across the globe. We will be the first practical model for secure, 
decentralized logistics.

Pickup and Delivery Point: 
Service users can have their parcels delivered by forwarders who will keep them 
safe and ready for delivery. The forwarder will agree to a preferred delivery prior 
to shipment.

APP: Express Delivery of Packages:
With the LWF mobile app you can request same-day parcel deliveries from your 
home  to your destination of choice via our forwarders.

These services will be protected by an effective anti-fraud system, escrow and 
dispute management, and will allows anyone to gain an active income , thanks 
to the safety and security of our platform. At the same time, it also make it 
possible for emerging countries, to receive goods that would otherwise be 
impossible.



98

DPoS LWF COIN

LWF is the coin created by the first integration of a DPoS system for logistics
LWF is a coin created by the first integration of a DPoS system for logistics. 
This means:

•  A democratic vote system affording safety and efficiency

• A default payment method for our services with very low network fees

• A tool that allows anyone to vote and help influence LWF’s future by becoming 
a delegate based on how many coins you own

• Transactions that transcribe logistical and strategic information on the 
blockchain guaranteeing decentralized logistics management

Initially our main focus was the development of a P2P portal. However, we 
realized that decentralization has to involve not only the “portal” by offering a 
peer to peer service, but also the data itself. We decided to develop our own 
blockchain that will implement all of these functions in order become the global 

DPoS BLOCKCHAIN

standard for maintaining and managing
logistics data.

DPoS (Delegated Proof of Stake Technology):
This system represents an evolution from the PoS (Proof of Stake) developed in 
order to reduce costs and inefficiencies associated with energy consumption, 
typical of the PoW (Proof of Work) systems used by Bitcoin. The DPoS system, 
first used with Bitshares by developer Dan Larimer, differs from the original PoS 
systems.
DPoS, a delegated proof of stake system, requires a smaller decentralised 
network which consumes considerably less energy to secure its blockchain.
Delegates, elected by the whole network with a democratic voting system, 
validate every single transaction on the LWF network. Within this DPoS system 
each delegate receives five LWF coins for forging a new block. If within that 
block a delegate processes a number of transactions, he or she also receives 
a transaction fee. 
These Delegates use these rewards to cover operating costs required to 
maintain their mainnet servers.

Why does LWF need its own blockchain?
What led us to opt for DPoS technology was a series of technical and logical
evaluations we felt we needed to share in order to better understand the benefits 
and potential of this technology.
DPoS will enable us to utilise a secure, decentralised, and performance-based 



1110

This will be possible through the voting system in DPOS, which allows people 
to vote on the company’s direction and business strategies. These democratic 
choices make LWF a network where every person can have a say in decision 
making on the P2P platform as well as on the nodes that generate, manage, 
and maintain the entire network.

TECHNICAL INFORMATION: 
• Testnet: 13/11/2017
• Main net (Roadmap Information)
• Blocktime: 15 seconds
• Delegates: 201
• Votes: 51 
• Rewards per block: five LWF first year 
• Premined: 100.000.000 (78% in TEC).

logistics database through the blockchain and network-generated transactions 
allowing the development of technology needed to create a future standard for 
global logistics.
Any logistics or handling company will be able to rely on our DPoS blockchain 
to keep its data secure and safeguarded in a distributed database, making 
any logistics operation immutable to threats or attacks common in standard 
information systems. It will collate all information related to the supply chain 
logistics within the transactions of the blockchain and the network, making 
them easily accessible by participating companies.

BENEFIT

Legal Approach
Through this blockchain technology, it will be possible to have a “notary” form 
which will certify a date, time, and other key information entered.
The hash and distribution of nodes in the LWF network will make the data 
inalterable and verifiable at any time, excluding any possibility of malicious 
tampering of the blockchain data.

Scalability
Our network will be a global integrable solution, solve the problem of logistics
management software (all too often, customs fails to comply), and create a 
single standard of compliance for all companies in the industry.

Data Security and Privacy
All data will be encrypted and readable only by the respective data creators, so 
the privacy of the companies and users in the chain will always be respected.

Democracy
Our intent with LWF was to allow our supporters to receive rewards in the form 
of LWF coins. With LWF DPoS, the community itself can come together to share 
ideas in making the most important decisions regarding the future of our project. 

LWF COIN



1312

B U S I N E S S M O D E L

In addition to providing direct logistics solutions, the platform will act as an intermediary 
to provide the necessary infrastructure for a series of p2p services, charging the vendor 
commissions based on the type of payment used by the buyer (and accepted by the vendor). 

In addition to providing direct logistics solutions, the platform will act as an intermediary
to provide necessary infrastructure for a series of P2P services

To encourage maximum inclusiveness and adoption, a wide range of payment methods will be 
accepted: LWF Coins and common currency (EUR/USD) through select gateways. The same 
channels will be available for the withdrawal of profits by the brokerage service providers.

PAYMENT METHOD TRANSACTION FEES APPLIED

LWF 4.5%

Bitcoin 6.5% (brokerage between exchanges)

Eur/Usd 8.5% (accounting management, bank charges)

LWF implements a decentralized freight forwarding network which guarantees 
a comprehensive solution within our internal network.
The private freight forwarder will receive buyers’ packages at their homes or 
other predetermined locations and forward them. It will set the coverage limits 
of its services and a selection of possible shipping methods with the relative 
delivery costs and times in addition to commission amounts by entering this 
information into our system.

Potential vendors can provide this service by registering for Know Your Customer 
(KYC) verification. A security deposit will be required to discourage improper 
use of the system and held in order to manage disputes and feedback. All data 
and deposits collected will be stored with advanced security measures in place 
to protect both customers’ and companies’ sensitive information.
Vendor subdivision will be carried out in levels determined by the number of 
packages forwarded or delivered, the feedback received, and the dollar volume 
reached.

At the first level, a vendor’s deposit will be at the user’s discretion up to a 
threshold calculated by the system based on the number of properly managed 
shipments and the level of feedback received with an amount not to exceed 
$750. Starting with just a few dollars, it will be possible to gradually increase 
the amount of the security deposit.
Packages can be assigned a maximum total value up to 150% of the initial 
amount.

P2P FREIGHT FORWARDING



14 15

Buyer from
INDIA

Amazon.com
ITEM B

LWF
Private Forwarder

in USA
Package Forwarder

Does Amazon ship
this item to INDIA?

Buyer will buy LWF Tokens 
and then use 

reshipping services

Buyer need 
a solution

NO
Shipping get 
delivered in INDIA

For the second level and beyond, security deposits will be fixed and predefined.
Security deposits can be made by all currencies accepted by the platform.
Cryptocurrency and LWF coins will be converted into ordinary currency (USD/
EUR) at the time of receipt and promptly processed. Traditional payment 
methods will take more time to approve, since additional checks must be 
carried out to prevent fraudulent use.
The security deposit will be reimbursed using the same method chosen at the 
time of initial payment. A vendor must meet all website standards and policies 
and have a 100% feedback score with no pending disputes.

HOW IT WORKS
Customers request packaging and shipping services through a simple and 
functional interface. Our matching algorithm displays selectable parameters 
such as origin, destination, weight/dimensions, package value, shipping rates, 
and overall quality of the vendor’s service based on commissions and customer 
feedback.

In the absence of suitable solutions or for packages of higher value, alternatives
will be proposed through our partnerships and internal logistics network.
Integrated communication channels will be available to improve cost and 
method agreements.
Once an agreement has been reached, a buyer deposits the sums to cover the 
shipping and commission costs via our escrow system which will release the 
package to the forwarder. As soon as we are provided with proof of the package’s 
delivery to the courier with its tracking number, the cost of the shipment will be 
calculated. When the buyer confirms the receipt of the goods the commission 
will get payed. Please see the dispute resolution section for further details.

The package collection service will be offered in the same manner.
With convenient business hours, customers can pick up their packages 
at private collection points nearby, arranging the pick-up directly with the 
designated forwarders.
The vendor can also agree to deliver directly to the customer.

With the subsequent development of the mobile app and the consolidation of 
the area’s service providers network, businesses and private users will be able 
to take advantage of express deliveries in their areas. The system will show 

PRIVATE COLLECTING POINTS

MOBILE & EXPRESS DELIVERY

BUSINESS MODEL

P2P FREIGHT FORWARDING



16 17

Buyer from
INDIA

Canadian dress shop Courier Delivery

LWF Logistic Company in INDIA

Can this item 
delivered to INDIA?

LWF L.t.d.
LONDON

Item sent to

LWF Tokens

Sent to

NO
Package delivered by
LWF employees

100% Profit for LWF L.t.d.

DIRECT LOGISTICS

We are considering the possibility of allowing outside companies to purchase
advertising space to target their own markets using the merchandising and 
repackaging offered by LWF’s internal logistics.
None of our customers’ personal data will ever be shared with third parties.

Dedicated staff will handle any disputes between brokered counterparts 
according to a set of criteria and best practices in order to maintain complete 
protection of all parties involved. Steps for completing orders will include 
suitable procedures to prove and document the correct execution with clear 
instructions on the platform in advance.

These will include photographs, video proof of package management, and 
formal complaints to the authorities if lodged by the recipient.
In the case of proven damage or loss by the vendor, a full refund of the 
shipment’s contents will be provided. These warranties will only cover our 
direct services and those operated by the brokerage service providers. For 
any issues caused by couriers during reshipping or by the shipper, it will be 
necessary to contact their customer care. Options for additional insurance 
coverage through LWF are available.

active delivery requests in surrounding areas on the app. Vendors will be able 
to accept these requests by going directly to the customer at the designated 
spot at the specified time to complete the delivery while earning a commission.
The customer will be notified with the details of his or her chosen vendor. 
Name, photo ID, and car make or model will be provided in order to avoid scams 
or theft.
We have developed this unique on-demand delivery system to alleviate all 
hassles.
Customer service and clients’ private information are always our top priority.

Some local logistics partnerships are already underway. Two fully equipped 
operating facilities located in Italy are already available to LWF. LWF Internal 
Logistics will be able to offer the same services provided by forwarders to 
guarantee around the clock service.

DIRECT LOGISTICS

BUSINESS MODEL

TARGETED ADVERTISING

DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND 
ANCILLARY INSURANCE



18 19

BUSINESS MODEL

E C O N O M I C D ATA 
A N D P R O J E CT I O N S

LWF will become part of the shipping and logistics industry which accounts for nearly 19% of 
the total volume of shipments.
An analysis of the micro-areas led to our development forecast which indicates that we could 
realistically acquire, after the first year of activity, the following percentages:
RETAIL & CONSUMER PRODUCTS (GLOBAL TOTAL 15%): 0.0003%
HEALTHCARE & PHARMACEUTICALS (GLOBAL TOTAL 4%): 0.005%
The estimated annual business volume for shipments divided per sector is:

Retail & 
Consumer
Products

LWF
0,0005%

LWF 0,0003%

Health Care &
Pharmaceuticals

4%

15%

Market value
> $ 25BN/€ 20BN

Market value
> $ 25BN/€ 20BN

LWF
0,0008%

16% 17%

14%

O
the r

Telecom
Energy

Manufacturing Autom
otiv

e

Fo
od

 &
 B

ev
er

ag
e

8%

5%

21% LWF
$ 13.750.00

21%
33%

33% 13%

0,0008%

LWF’s total insurance package, via payment of a flat percentage based on the 
object’sdeclared value requiring documented proof, will protect the shipment 
and include access to customer care. Here we carry out the above-mentioned 
checks and provide a full refund if the package is lost, stolen, or irreparably 
damaged en route to its destination.
The tracking must note whether the package was lost or signed for if the 
package arrives damaged. In this case, the refund percentage will be 90% of the 
verified value of the shipped item.



20 21

LWF’s estimated volume will be $13,750,000 per year for retail and freight forwarding.
We predict the revenue generated by third-party transactions and services will be close
to $265,000 for the wellness sector, and $715,000 for Retail and Freight forwarding for a
total of $980,000.

Our growth target in the first 36 months forecasts the increase of acquisition
percentages in retail and consumer products to grow 0.003% on a global scale, bringing
the volume to around $60,000,000 with profits in the range of $5,000,000.

Fonti: 3Pls Study 2017

Sources (data on Uber’s third-party services: Uber Rush and Uber Eats): mattermark

E C O N O M I C D ATA A N D 
P R O J E CT I O N S

Retail & 
Consumer Products

$ 10.000.000
Health Care & 
Pharmaceuticals

$ 3.750.000

Estimated volume 
12 months

$ 13.750.000

$ 60.000.000
Estimated volume 36 months

$ +700 M
DPoS Capitalization

$ 5.000.000
Expected Profit

P R O J E CT
M I L E S TO N E S

50 BTC 300 BTC 800 BTC 2000 BTC

Development
Main platform re-
lease. Services: P2P 
Freight Forwarding, 
Collection Point.

Mobile APP Release with 
Express Delivery service

Logistics management 
development to manage 
its own warehouse.

Platform 2.0 

Integration with car 
sharing services for the 
massive acquisition and 
expansion of services 
around the globe.

25M users in 24 months.

Marketing

Adv campaign on 
targeted channels, 
acquisition of retail-
ers and consumer 
agencies. Creation 
of LWF gadgets for 
packaging.

Sponsor Acquisition with 
brochure and gadget 
insertion for internal 
logistics. Increase of al-
ready existing Marketing 
operations.

Targeted advertising 
campaigns in emerging 
countries, an internation-
al event presenting the 
services in London.

Targeted marketing in 
India, Russia, Brazil, Ar-
gentina, the USA, Canada, 
Australia and Korea.

Internal 
logistics

Activation of logistics 
centres in Italy and 
guaranteed service 
continuity. 

Repackaging and 
Advertising Service 
for Partners, Logistics 
offices in partnership in 
Canada

Opening logistics 
facilities (warehouse and 
storage with repackag-
ing), India.

Opening of a logistics 
and handling facility in 
Moscow (Russia)

Legal

Drafting partnership 
contracts.
Conversion of funds 
raised, also paying 
the taxes.
Institution of a fund 
for insurance and 
customer protection.

Opening of legal head-
quarters operating in 
Asia (HK) 

Opening of legal head-
quarters operating in NA 
(Seattle) and SA (San 
Paolo)

Acquisition of its own 
legal branch within the 
company including a 
lawyer experienced in 
logistics and international 
law and an accountant.

Blockchain

Development of 
the first two order 
insertion functions in 
blockchains and user 
registrations, listing 
on first exchange.

Development of dispute 
management, feed-
backs, core development 
in order to increase 
transactions per second.

Development of integra-
tive functions devoted to 
internal logistics, admin-
istrative and customs 
management, stocks, 
returns.

Opening a foundation 
for LWF Coin for the 
constant development of 
new technologies.

http://www.3plstudy.com/media/downloads/2016/10/2017-report_new.pdf
https://mattermark.com/recent-uber-revenueprofit-debate-explained-ii/


22 23

TEC is a common way to gather funds to launch a project in the Crypto community.

STEP 1: PRE-SALE:  will start on October 23 at 10:00 GMT, and will end on November 6 at
15:00 GMT.
During the pre-sale, every donation will receive a 35% bonus.

STEP 2: EARLY SUPPORTERS PROGRAM will begin on Nov 14 10:00 GMT to Jan 22
10:00 GMT. It will be possible to join in the Early Supporters Program’s limited number
of days, where supporters can donate a minimum amount of 0.01 BTC in the early
supporter phase and obtain a base bonus of 25% + 0.5% for each 0.5 bitcoin donated
(max 45%). As an example:
If Rick’s donation amount in ESP period is 2 BTC he will receive an additional 27%. If
Rick’s donation amount in ESP was of 20 BTC he will receive an additional 45%. [25%+
(0.5 * 40) = 45%].

FINAL STEP: TEC SALE: 
Fundraising through the official TEC will begin on January 23 12:00 GMT and end on
February 23 12:00 GMT (Minimum amount 0.005BTC). The bonus available in TEC 
sale will be as follows:
20% until January 26 12:00 GMT
18% until February 1 12:00 GMT
15% until February 6 12:00 GMT
13% until February 10 12:00 GMT
10% until February 18 12:00 GMT
 5% until February 23 12:00 GMT
Coin distribution will be available 48 hours after the official TEC closing time/date.
Minimum threshold to reach is 50 BTC.

T E C
Minimum Threshold - We are looking to raise a minimum of 50 BTC. This will 
enable us to deliver v1.0 of the P2P platform with basic functions and enable 
it to run on our stable blockchain network. The 50 BTC will cover all the costs 
related to development, marketing, and server expenses.

Hard Cap - A funding ceiling of 2,000 BTC has been established. This is to 
ensure that those who sent BTC receive a certain amount of LWF after the end 
of the TEC Sale. If the 2,000 BTC limit is reached, the TEC Sale will be closed 
and the LWF tokens get distributed to the participants.

Supporting with Altcoins -  Accepted tokens are: BTC, ETH, SHIFT, LISK,
OXY, ZCOIN, PIVX, REDDCOIN and ARK. For those participants supporting with 
Altcoins rather than BTC, the value of the tokens used will be determined during 
the token sale Period. The value will be calculated by picking the value of each 
Altcoin at the moment of the donation.

Price per LWF - The price of the LWF token will depend upon the amount raised 
during the ICO and reaching the minimum funding goal of 50 BTC. The full 
calculation details and examples can be found in the following section of this 
white paper: “Distribution Calculation Examples.”

TEC SALE - OVERVIEW



2524

TEC

We understand there are individuals who will support our project using 
cryptocurrencies other than BTC. The TEC distribution calculations for those 
not using BTC are slightly more complex due to price fluctuations. However, we 
have implemented an attractive calculation system which will protect pre-sale 
supporter bonuses. The TEC and ESP final distribution calculations depend on 
two systems: “Status and Bonus Protection for Pre-sale Supporters” and “BTC 
Value of the Alternative Cryptocurrencies”.

Status and Bonus Protection for Pre-sale supporters
We are protecting the status and bonuses for our contributors by determining 
eligibility and bonus tier based on the value of the transaction at the time 
it appears, not the value at the end of the TEC. This system will protect the 
contributors’ status and bonus percentage if there are downward trends in the 
alternative cryptocurrencies during the ESP and TEC period.
For example, when sending 4 BTC worth of LWF during the pre-sale supporters 
period, the value of the transaction at the time when it appears guarantees that 
you are a presale supporter and will still receive your bonus, even if the BTC 
value of the LISK you sent is worth less than 4 BTC at the end of the TEC.
The BTC value of all supported alternative cryptocurrencies will be saved as is, 
and it will be used to determine the BTC value of alternative currencies sent. 
There are many detailed examples in the following pages of this white paper.

EQUATIONS & TERMINOLOGY
BTC value sent by an account
Amount of BTC value sent by an account during the ESP and/or TEC period. 

Thisfigure considers both the actual amount of BTC sent and the BTC value of 
alternative cryptocurrencies sent. It is calculated with the following equation:
[Actual BTC sent] + [BTC value of alternative crypto currencies sent]

Total BTC value received:
Total amount of BTC value received by the LWF team during the ESP and/or 
TEC period. This figure considers both the actual amount of BTC received and 
the BTC value of alternative cryptocurrencies received. It does not factor in 
bonuses. It is calculated with the following equation:
Sum for all accounts [BTC value sent by an account]

Weighted BTC value sent by an account:
Total weighted BTC value sent by an account which factors in the bonuses. It is
calculated with the following equation:
[BTC value sent by an account + Bonus] where Bonus = [Bonus Percentage *
BTC Value sent by an account]

Total weighted BTC value received:
Total weighted BTC value received by the LWF team which factors in the 
bonuses. It is calculated with the following equation:
Sum for all accounts [Weighted BTC value sent by an account]

Percentage of TEC distribution: 
Percentage an account will receive from the 78,000,000 LWF that will be 
distributed at the end of the TEC. It is calculated as follows
[Weighted BTC value sent by account / Total weighted BTC value received]

LWF final distribution:
Amount of LWF the account will receive at the end of the TEC period. It is 
calculated with the following equation:
[Percentage of ICO distribution * 78,000,000 LWF]

DISTRIBUTION CALCULATIONS
FUNDAMENTALS



2726

TEC

Scenario: LWF received 750 BTC and the calculated  BTC value of alternative 
currencies received is 250 BTC at the end of the ICO.

• On November 29th John sent 5 BTC
• Rick qualifies as an TEC supporters so will also receive the 20% bonus LWF 

accordingly to the bonus TEC Campaign.
• Rick’s “weighted BTC value” to factor in his 20% bonus is going to be 

calculated as 5 BTC + 1 BTC.
• His total weighted BTC value is 6 BTC.
• For Rick, Total BTC value received = 750 BTC + 250 BTC = 1000 BTC.
• If the Total weighted BTC received by LWF was 1300 (Please note that this 

figure can only really be determined at the end of the TEC when all the bonus 
calculations are done). 

Rick’s Percentage of ICO distribution is:
[6 BTC / 1300 BTC] = 0.004615384

Rick’s final distribution is:
0.004615384 * 78,000,000 LWF = 359,999 LWF

Notes:
Without TEC distribution Bonus, Rick’s final distribution would have been 
300,230 LWF. 
[ 5 BTC / 1299 BTC ] * 78,000,000 = 300,230 LWF.

If Rick was a Pre-Sale supporter with Early Bird Bonus of +35%, Rick’s final 

distribution would havebeen 404,776 LWF.
[ 6.75 BTC / 1300.75 BTC ] * 78,000,000 = 404,776 LWF
* In these calculations, the weighted BTC value received by LWF must change 
due to the changes in Rick’s bonus.

ALTERNATIVE CRYPTOCURRENCIES DONATIONS
If Rick sent different cryptocurrencies (ETH, RISE, LISK, SHIFT, ARK, PIVX) 
the value will be immediately converted to the correlating BTC value for the 
calculation.

Rick sent 5 BTC and 10 ETH:
• Value of ETH at moment of donation was: 0.041521 BTC
• Rick’s total contribution in BTC is 5.41521 BTC.
• If Rick was a TEC Supporter with bonus of + 20%, Rick’s final contribution 

would have been 6.495BTC

[5 BTC {0,041521 *10} * 1.2] = 6.495BTC

DISTRIBUTION CALCULATIONS 
BITCOIN AND ALTERNATIVE CRYPTOCURRENCIES



2928

General Hardcap: 2000 BTC
Presale Hardcap: 200 BTC
Total LWF Supply: 100,000,000

as follows:
80%: Project Development
5%: Legal and Commercial Support
10%: Marketing
5%: Reserved for Insurance Funds

TEC

LWF
COIN

Division 
of funds

Project Development 80%

Legal Support 5%

Marketing 10%

Insurance funds 5%

TEC 73.333.800

PRE-SALE 4.666.200

Advisors 5.000.000

Devel./Marketing 5.000.000

Team Bonus 5.000.000

Bounty 7.000.000

Website URL: https://lwf.io

Blockchain URL: https://explorer.lwf.io

DIVISION OF FUNDS
The funds raised will be broken down.

T E A M

Angelo Melis @ (Simone Cameriere BTC)
Founder and Head of the Project
7+ Years Proven Experience in IT Field,
2+ Years in Cryptocurrencies Consultancy and Private 
Exchanging,
2+ Years Proven Experience in Logistic Field,
Location: Carpi (MO), Italy
Bitcointalk Profile
IN

Fabio Legrenzi @ ( Ghibly79 )
Co-Founder
Cryptocurrencies expert and entrepreneur
5+ Years experience in OTC Exchanging with one of the 
highest trust levels in the italian community
Location: Treviglio (BG), Italy
Bitcointalk Profile

Stefano Gessa
CTO
9+ Years in Systems Management, Security and 
Development.
Founder of Elasticdot
Location: Berlin, Germany
IN

Davide Puddu
Frontend Developer
CSS Specialist
User Experience
Location: Cagliari (CA), Italy
IN

Roberto Randine
Art Director, 
User Interface
Location: Cagliari (CA), Italy
IN

Domenico Birardi
Blockchain Expert
Smart Contract Developer
Location: Torino (TO), Italy
IN

Andrea Fois
Customer Services & Public Relationships
Master Degrees in Philosophy @ University of Cagliari
Location: Cagliari, (CA), Italy

Alex Kosa
Russian Interpreter and Community Advisors, 
Location: Russia

Gianluca Raimondi
Handling and Logistics Advisor
20+ Years Experience in Logistic Field.
Location: Bomporto, (MO), Italy
IN

Gianmatteo Ugolini
Warehouse and Logistic,
Warehouse Manager,
Location: Vignola, (MO), Italy
IN

Franco Cimatti @ ( Hostfat )
Official Escrow
Bitcointalk Moderator over years,
Founder: Bitcoin Foundation Italia
Location: Forlì (RA), Italy
Bitcointalk Profile

Yonghoon Lin
Advisor
Founder of GCOD Innovation
Master degrees at Yonsei University
Expert in Security & New Technologies
Location: Seoul, KR
IN

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=trust;u=484149
https://www.linkedin.com/in/angel0z/
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=120821
https://www.linkedin.com/in/stefanogessa/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/davide-puddu-959446a4/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/roberto-randine-3364bb21
https://www.linkedin.com/in/domenico-birardi-807121149/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/gianluca-raimondi-06682980/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/gianmatteo-ugolini-a97191134/
https://www.bitcoin-italia.org/
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=203
https://www.linkedin.com/in/passcon/


31

Angelo Melis @ (Simone Cameriere BTC)
Founder and Head of the Project
7+ Years Proven Experience in IT Field,
2+ Years in Cryptocurrencies Consultancy and Private 
Exchanging,
2+ Years Proven Experience in Logistic Field,
Location: Carpi (MO), Italy
Bitcointalk Profile
IN

Fabio Legrenzi @ ( Ghibly79 )
Co-Founder
Cryptocurrencies expert and entrepreneur
5+ Years experience in OTC Exchanging with one of the 
highest trust levels in the italian community
Location: Treviglio (BG), Italy
Bitcointalk Profile

Stefano Gessa
CTO
9+ Years in Systems Management, Security and 
Development.
Founder of Elasticdot
Location: Berlin, Germany
IN

Davide Puddu
Frontend Developer
CSS Specialist
User Experience
Location: Cagliari (CA), Italy
IN

Roberto Randine
Art Director, 
User Interface
Location: Cagliari (CA), Italy
IN

Domenico Birardi
Blockchain Expert
Smart Contract Developer
Location: Torino (TO), Italy
IN

Andrea Fois
Customer Services & Public Relationships
Master Degrees in Philosophy @ University of Cagliari
Location: Cagliari, (CA), Italy

Alex Kosa
Russian Interpreter and Community Advisors, 
Location: Russia

Gianluca Raimondi
Handling and Logistics Advisor
20+ Years Experience in Logistic Field.
Location: Bomporto, (MO), Italy
IN

Gianmatteo Ugolini
Warehouse and Logistic,
Warehouse Manager,
Location: Vignola, (MO), Italy
IN

Franco Cimatti @ ( Hostfat )
Official Escrow
Bitcointalk Moderator over years,
Founder: Bitcoin Foundation Italia
Location: Forlì (RA), Italy
Bitcointalk Profile

Yonghoon Lin
Advisor
Founder of GCOD Innovation
Master degrees at Yonsei University
Expert in Security & New Technologies
Location: Seoul, KR
IN

i) Premise:
Please read this section carefully; if you have any doubts, 
please consult with your trusted legal/commercial adviser.

1.1 Statute of liability

The LWF White Paper was approved by the majority of 
LWF Ltd.
The directors and members of the TEC executive and 
management team accept full responsibility deriving 
from the statements in the white paper and ensure, in 
good faith, that what is written does not contain false 
information or omissions that could compromise the 
project’s successful outcome or the actual advantage that 
SUPPORTERS might have in any way if they decide to be 
part of the project.

1.2 Important Information

1.3 
The LWF and its LWF Coins* are not intended to constitute 
a security in any jurisdiction.
This White Paper regarding the TEC does not constitute 
and is not intended as a prospect or proposes itself
as a document of any legal value in any state, and does 
not intend to constitute a securities offering or a
solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction.

1.4 
This White Paper is not, and should not be interpreted as a 
recommendation from the creators themselves for invest-
ing in the project. This WhitePaper does not replace, and 
should not be considered an independent analysis or com-
mercial evaluation. Each recipient of the White Paper itself 
should have carried out market surveys and evaluations 
and have carefully considered the investment in terms of 
risks, personal possibilities and any complications in his or 
her economic potential as a result of the investment itself.

1.5
The distribution of documents related to the White Paper, 
the Overview and any other information regarding this TEC 
may be prohibited by the laws of your state or jurisdic-
tion. Anyone who wishes to distribute documents relating 

to this TEC must independently ascertain, through their 
advisers, the legitimacy of such documents’ distribution 
in their country of residence or domicile. LWF declines 
any responsibility for the distribution of its produced 
documents in states where such distribution is restricted 
or prohibited.

1.6
No person is held, invited or required to enter into any 
commercial, legal or investment contract with respect to 
the LWF TEC or future investments in the project itself.

1.7
With regard to the purchase and sale of Coins deriving 
from the investments obtained by the TEC, each user will 
have full marketing and exchange freedom of the same by 
means of private exchange or buyer who is available for 
the same and has the legal ability to purchase such Coins 
in his/her state. 

1.8 
No legal authority has examined or approved these docu-
ments, which have been written using as an example the 
laws governing the publication of texts and documents in 
Europe at the time of publication. Such documents may 
not be approved or comply with the laws of SUPPORTERS’ 
states, in which case a lawyer should be consulted for 
further information regarding the structured rules of this 
TEC and the international laws to which it will be submit-
ted once it is launched.

1.9
The risks associated with investments, the value of Coins 
and the finalization of the project will be appropriately 
clarified in the “Risks” section of this document. 

1.10
Reproduction, modification or dissemination of this 
document for commercial or criminal purposes is strictly 
forbidden.

1.11
Accepting delivery of this White Paper (which is consid-
ered as its download, access to the Website: https://lwf.io 

L E G A L

TEAM

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=trust;u=484149
https://www.linkedin.com/in/angel0z/
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=120821
https://www.linkedin.com/in/stefanogessa/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/davide-puddu-959446a4/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/roberto-randine-3364bb21
https://www.linkedin.com/in/domenico-birardi-807121149/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/gianluca-raimondi-06682980/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/gianmatteo-ugolini-a97191134/
https://www.bitcoin-italia.org/
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=203
https://www.linkedin.com/in/passcon/


32 33

or in any way accessing this White Paper), each recipient 
accepts the terms with which this White Paper is provided. 
The recipient also agrees and confirms that:
A) he or she will keep all this information and data confi-
dential;
B) he or she has received this Document and/or pur-
chased the LWF Coins legitimately in all jurisdictions to 
which the recipient is subject;
C) he or she complies with all the applicable laws in rela-
tion to the recESPt of this White Paper and the purchase 
of the LWF Coins themselves.;
D) Executors and their respective directors, officials, 
employees and professional advisers are not and will 
not be in breach of the laws of a jurisdiction to which the 
recipient is subject following the delivery of the White 
Paper and/or the purchase of LWF and will not have any 
liability in the event that such delivery of the White Paper 
or the purchase of LWF is or becomes illegal, inapplicable, 
voidable or canceled;
E) is aware that the LWF Coins will be offered, sold,
transferred or otherwise disposed of directly or indirectly 
in accordance with relative sales restrictions and all ap-
plicable laws;
F) has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial 
and commercial matters to be able to assess the merits 
and risks of purchasing LWF Coins and is able and willing 
to withstand the economic and financial risks of purchas-
ing and/or holding the LWF Coins themselves.
G) acquires LWF on his or her own account and not for 
third parties;
H) accepts and acknowledges that Coins issued by LWF 
must not be interpreted, classified or treated as:
(I) any type of currency other than current crytpocurren-
cies;
(Ii) bonds, shares or shares issued by any person or entity;
(Iii) rights, options or derivative instruments relating to 
such bonds or shares;
(Iv) the rights to secure a profit or to avoid a loss;
(V) units in any type of investment scheme;
(Vi) units in any type of trust;
(Vii) any form of derivative;
(Viii) any other guarantee or class of securities.
I) is aware that the information contained in this White 
Paper may not be complete or may be modified later.
J) is fully informed and aware of all matters relating to the 
purchase, sale and holding of LWF in any form whatsoever 
which cannot be specifically indicated in this Overview or 
White Paper document, but which may be disclosed to a 

person who can reasonably be inferred to have the knowl-
edge and familiarity with the problems and complications 
of Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoins, Ethereum and/or 
other types of cryptokens and confirms in an irrevocable 
and unconditional manner that he or she has an under-
standing of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, 
transmission mechanisms and other material features of 
Cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, 
cryptocurrency wallets and smart contract technology.

1.12
This document may include certain historical information, 
estimates or reports arising from sources cited in this 
document or others related to the TEC, material activities 
carried out by the program’s executors and other issues. 
No statement or guarantee is provided regarding the ac-
curacy or completeness of any information, estimate and/
or reporting of any such information or other third party 
sources.

1.13
The document includes “forward-looking statements”. 
These statements include, among other things, the 
discussions of each of LWF’s business strategies and 
expectations regarding its position in the economy, future 
operations, profitability, liquidity, assets and financial 
position. All of these statements are based on estimates 
and assumptions made by the program’s executors who, 
although considered reasonable, are subject to risks and 
uncertainties that may cause real events and that the 
results of the programs’ executors are materially different 
from those anticipated or indicated by such declarations 
and estimates and no guarantees may be given that any 
such statements or estimates will be made. In the light of 
these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a forward-
looking statement in this document or the White Paper 
itself should not be considered as a representation or a 
guarantee by the TEC in any case.

1.14
This document and its contents are strictly confidential 
and the information contained herein is provided to the re-
cipient strictly based on the fact that the recipient ensures 
that such information is confidential.
Consequently, this document and its contents or any 
information made available to the recipient in connection 
with further investigations must be securely kept. In the 
event of a breach of this confidentiality guarantee or if it is 

reasonably likely that such confidentiality may be infringed 
on, the Program Authors may, at their discretion, request 
any remedy available to the program executors, whether 
under the law or based on net equity for damages. The 
executor programs’ have the right to completely recover all 
the costs, expenses and losses incurred and/or suffered 
in this regard from the criminal subject. To eliminate any 
doubt, this confidentiality is held as attributable to the 
recipient, professional advisers, administrators, employees 
and other persons affected by the program, as well as ex-
ecutors or any other person to which the plans and goals 
of the program executors will reach.

1.15
It is forbidden to forward any property prohibited by the 
receiving or relocating jurisdiction, LWF assumes no 
responsibility for the goods delivered by the buyers or on 
the lawfulness of the states in which the goods are to be 
forwarded. Each Forwarder is required, if he has any no-
tion that the goods delivered to him that he must forward 
are not in line with the standards of his country, to open a 
dispute on the LWF platform and immediately notify the 
authorities if the goods are related to Drugs, Hazardous 
or Radioactive Substances, Weapons or dangerous or 
banned objects. 

1.16
Buyers will not be required to disclose the value or 
content of the package to the vendor aside from common 
information such as weight, size, type of goods and actual 
source. Such information will only be communicated when 
sending the order as a confidential note reserved for LWF 
administrators and staff, who will keep the data private 
while respecting the privacy protection of both parties. 
The data concerning shipments, the values   of the pack-
ages and their content will be provided to the authorities 
of the states involved if there are any related disputes or 
requirements. 

1.17
Forwarders will be obliged to provide a recESPt issued by 
the shipper used to forward the package, provide a photo 
of the package and use a special flag to communicate 
whether the package has been opened or has had its initial 
packaging modified. The vendor will assume every respon-
sibility for sending the package to the buyer; any form of 
profit from the vendor’s sales agreements with third-party 
shippers is absolutely legitimate and is not of our interest.

1.18
LWF does not allow citizens residing in the following 
states/continents to register as a Forwarder:
Africa (agreements will be made for individual African 
states in the future), excluding South Africa and the Ivory 
Coast, North Korea, Vietnam, Bhutan, Afghanistan, Iraq, 
Iran, Libya, Syria, Serbia, Albania and Colombia

1.19 
In accordance with the laws of the European Community 
and those laws in force in the UK, LWF has the right to act 
as a broker and supplier of logistics services. For legal/
administrative questions, please send an email to legalof-
fice@lwf.io.

1.20 
LWF does not guarantee and does not undertake to 
provide any returns to its participants. All that is written in 
the White Paper is based on industry studies and analyses 
carried out by professionals and technicians, which could 
be inaccurate or conclude with a negative outcome. 
The value of LWF Coins is absolutely uncertain and not 
guaranteed. 
The buyback commitment will be respected within the 
terms defined in this document. 

1.21 
LWF guarantees all its commitment and physical and men-
tal effort to complete the project in the times described 
and appropriately detailed in this document, however, 
it does not assume responsibility for project delays or 
delays due to third party events, legal, administrative or 
catastrophic events that could lead to an interruption in 
the project itself.

1.22 
The risks section is organized to incorporate, along with 
these legal disclaimers, a type of warning to SUPPORTERS 
about the possible losses of an investment on a type of 
investment such as an TEC. 

LEGAL



34

ico@lwf.io

http://www.lwf.io

LWF London L.t.d.

http://www.lwf.io

