

































W H I T E P A P E R 1 . 2



2

This version of the MAD whitepaper is released as a working draft - with the 
purpose of introducing the idea and receiving feedback from the blockchain 
community. If you wish to contribute by leaving your comment or review, 
please email thoughts@madnetwork.io .

Disclaimer:  The information and opinions contained in this whitepaper does 
not purport to be comprehensive and have not been independently verified. 
While the whitepaper has been prepared in good faith, no representation, 
warranty, assurance or undertaking (express or implied) is or will be made, 
and no responsibility, liability or duty of care is or will be accepted by the 
MADnetwork.io or any of its investors or subsidiaries or by any of their 
respective affiliates, advisers in relation to the adequacy, accuracy, 
completeness, reliability or reasonableness of this whitepaper. All and any such 
responsibility and liability is expressly disclaimed. In particular, but without 
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, no representation, warranty, 
assurance or undertaking is given as to the achievement or reasonableness of 
any future projections, management estimates, prospects or returns contained 
in this whitepaper, or in such other information, notice or document. These 
projections are illustrative only and actual results may be materially affected by 
changes on economic or other circumstances which cannot be foreseen. The 
reader of this whitepaper acknowledges that it should conduct its own 
independent investigation and assessment as to the validity of the information 
contained in this whitepaper and the economic, financial, regulatory, legal, 
taxation and accounting implications of that information and consult its own 
professional advisers. The information in this document is subject to change or 
update without notice and should not be construed as commitment by 
MADnetwork. This document is for informational purposes only and does not 
constitute an offer or solicitation to sell shares or securities in MADnetwork.io 
or any related or associated company.



3

Abstract 4

Token Sale 21

Team 23

Evolution of Ad Tech

Brief History of Ad Tech

Current Ad Tech ecosystem

Problems

5

6

8

9

MAD Network

MADnet Books - Decentralized Payment Rail

MADnet Core - Decentralized Ad Server and Exchange

MADnet Data - Decentralized Data Management Platform (DMP)

11

12

16

19

TABLE OF CONTENTS



ABSTRACT
The ad tech supply chain consists of advertisers, publishers and a 
series of costly middlemen. The middlemen designed the 
programmatic ecosystem to maximize revenue for themselves 
rather than for the advertiser and publisher. Today, machine 
learning for ad placement is priced as a luxury service, often taking 
a large percentage of the ad spend. At MAD, we believe these 
services are commodities and should be treated as such.

MAD’s consensus algorithm, Proof of Real Work, commoditizes 
these services by utilizing necessary work both to secure the 
network and match relevant ads with available inventory. Proof of 
Real Work powers the ad server to facilitate the fairest deal 
possible between the advertiser and publisher as the algorithm is 
not invested in its own profitability. Rather, the ad server supports 
an ecosystem of miners who are incentivized to create faster, more 
efficient machine learning algorithms to win the block.

4



EVOLUTION OF
AD TECH
Programmatic advertising, or the use of software to purchase digital advertising, is growing at a 
rapid pace. According to Adweek, programmatic display spending will reach $33 billion in 2017, 
with 74 percent of total U.S. digital display ad dollars spent going to private marketplaces and 
programmatic setups. Programmatic ad spending is expected to grow to $45 billion by 2019.

Prior to the expansion of programmatic spending infrastructure, advertisers and publishers 
managed transactions manually, a process that proved to be slow and inefficient. Now, most manual 
agreements are reserved for large-scale placements that are consequently inflexible and 
cumbersome. This rigid infrastructure makes actively optimizing ads difficult, and gathering data 
about their performance an even greater challenge. Programmatic advertising has introduced a way 
for advertisers and publishers to transact automatically, decreasing the amount of labor required to 
serve advertisements, and increasing the advertiser’s return on investment (ROI) through data-
enriched decision-making.

Programmatic advertising’s success hinges on its ability to glean valuable insights from large user 
datasets. Data gives advertisers better understanding of their targeted audiences, as well as novel 
ways to optimize their placements for the highest possible conversions. Programmatic advertising 
also reduces overhead for both advertisers and publishers by outsourcing some decision-making to 
software.

Programmatic advertising was a huge breakthrough for digital advertising. However, its underlying 
infrastructure has also presented new problems.

Because the ad tech industry grew organically from the internet’s network growth, it has always 
needed a decentralized model. The ecosystem consists of many remote actors who all try to service 
the same supply chain.

As the ecosystem evolved, trust had to be enabled by third parties, which resulted in a slew of costly 
middlemen. The advent of blockchain technology effectively removes the need for trust from the 
business equation and provides the decentralized tools to build a better ad tech ecosystem.

5



Brief History of Ad Tech

In 1994, AT&T was eager to expand the reach of its famous “You Will” campaign, a surprisingly 

prescient campaign to promote an internet-enabled future (brought to you by AT&T). AT&T 

thought the newly launched web magazine, hotwired.com, an extension of Wired, would be a great 

place to promote its “You Will” campaign on the internet. Thus, the internet’s first banner ad was 

born. Initially, relationships between publishers, like hotwired.com, and brands, like AT&T, were 

not so different than how brands and agencies interacted with print or TV publishers.

However, increased demand for the internet and an explosion of websites to commoditize this 

demand soon made the analog model between brands and publishers difficult to manage and scale. 

Brands could not easily find ad inventory to purchase, and worse, they could not track the 

effectiveness of the banner ads they did use. Advertisers were forced to contract individually with 

websites or with publishers with a large network of sites and available ad inventory. WebConnect, 

an online ad agency, was the first to bundle many sites and give brands access to an open network of 

ad inventory on its partner sites. This launched the first ad network, which offered brands scale and 

the ability to price based on the website’s audience.

The first ad network helped advertisers reach a broader audience, but it was still difficult for 

publishers to reach and sell to potential advertisers. Enter the ad server. In addition to helping 

deliver ads to display, ad servers such as DoubleClick emerged to track information about 

impressions and clicks, and to help provide an ROI for ad dollars spent. DoubleClick, which was 

founded in 1996, saw huge growth as brokers for their ad inventory were aided by the ability to 

track users more easily through the use of cookies.

In 2000, Google launched AdWords to help monetize its search engine. Instead of images or banner 

ads, it promoted textually relevant ads to leverage its strength as the premier search experience. 

Before Google launched AdWords, GoTo.com (later Overture) invented the first Paid Placement 

Model (PPM). This introduced the auction model to the online advertising industry; the higher the 

bid, the higher an ad appeared in search results. While Google’s text ads were popular, it was 

missing the revenue that high-bid advertisers would pay for premium placement. Google’s approach 

was different from GoTo.com. Instead of just auctioning off placement on key searches, Google 

judged relevance (and the ad’s price) by how many click-throughs the ad received on a key search. 

This Pay Per Click (PPC) model proved to be extremely profitable for Google searches. Google later 

expanded their network with AdSense, which allowed for text, image, video or interactive ads to be 

displayed on partner websites.

6



Many publishers and advertisers still suffered from liquidity problems in existing ad networks. 

Publishers were connected to ad networks, but oftentimes advertisers would purchase excess 

inventory or be unaware of unused ad space that could be sold for a discount. Ad exchanges emerged 

to fill this gap.

With advertisers submitting campaigns for targeted audiences, ad exchanges would purchase 

individual user impressions and then match them with the highest bidder from submitted ad 

campaigns in their system.

As more ad exchanges came onto the marketplace to bundle inventory around the internet, another 

layer crept into the crowded ad tech space — demand-side platforms (DSPs). DSPs provided a way for 

advertisers to bundle different ad exchanges to purchase impressions across various ad exchanges, 

which reached even more ad networks made up of networks of sites offering inventory.

The emergence of mobile and social media platforms in the mid-2000s opened up new access 

channels and new ways to target audiences. New sites such as Facebook and Twitter first 

concentrated on gaining a large user base, then determined how best to serve targeted ads to them. By 

offering advertisers access to ad inventory and the data to target a specific audience, Google and 

Facebook emerged as the major players in this space. Unfortunately, publishers, audiences, advertisers 

and brands are all squeezed by the duopoly created by Facebook and Google’s “walled gardens.”

Outside of Google and Facebook, the space became increasingly complicated as additional layers 

emerged to transact bundled sets of user data and ad inventory. Real-time bidding (RTB) gives 

advertisers more specificity in their ad spends, but the myriad of entities in between advertisers and 

publishers makes transparency of price and effectiveness difficult. 

7



From the inception of an advertisement to 

when the final audience member views it, 

the ad passes through a series of entities.

Current Ad Tech Ecosystem

8

Digital Asset Management

Dynamic Creative Optimization

Data Management Platform

Demand Side Platform

Supply Side PlatformData

Publisher

DAM
DCO
DMP
DSP
SSP
PUB



PROBLEMS
Although programmatic advertising has alleviated many of 
the pain points previously felt by advertisers, its growth has 
also brought a slew of problems, namely supply chain opacity, 
the “disappearing ad dollar” and data leakage.

Lack of transparency in the supply chain allows middlemen to get away with some truly unsavory 

practices. One practice in particular that the MAD Network aims to reduce is auction price 

manipulation. Price manipulation encompasses a wide array of practices that involve exchanges or 

publishers misrepresenting or not disclosing data or bids with the intention of controlling the price 

of ad inventory.

One common form is “dynamic floor pricing.” This technique is used to inflate prices for ad 

inventory by constantly adjusting price floors. Price floors are generally not visible to buyers, 

forcing them to raise their bid price in hopes of it being higher than the unknown floor. Although 

this does protect publishers, it is detrimental for advertisers, especially when there is only one 

bidder. Furthermore, once a buyer places a bid, they have no insight into the rest of the exchange 

process. Most ad exchanges refuse to disclose any information; therefore, there is no way to hold 

them accountable. This lack of transparency opens the opportunity for ad exchanges to directly 

control prices in second price auctions. Second price auctions are auctions in which the winning 

bidder pays only one cent higher than the second-highest bid. After an auction is won, exchanges 

tack on arbitrary bidding fees. These fees are adjusted for every bid and can add up to one cent less 

than the winning bid price. This defeats the purpose of second price auctions and forces advertisers 

to pay more than is necessary for ad inventory. 

Supply Chain Opacity

9



The ad tech industry currently requires a great deal of trust to operate. Intermediaries that supply 

this trust capture more than 60 percent of the value generated in today’s ecosystem, leaving 

publishers with a fraction of every ad dollar spent. Each party that sits between the advertiser and 

publisher charges some service fee, which accounts for 5 to 30 percent of each dollar spent. As a 

result, the majority of the costs boil down to moving data through the system and authenticating 

each participant in the supply chain. This widespread problem is referred to as the “disappearing ad 

dollar.” Furthermore, supply chain opacity presents opportunities for rent-seeking arbitrageurs to 

purchase ad inventory and resell for significant profits. This results in advertisers paying much 

more than necessary for ad inventory, and publishers earning less.

Disappearing Ad Dollar

Data leakage is another rampant problem that costs publishers money and stymies the efficient flow 

of data. In turn, data leakage creates a culture of isolationism that limits the effectiveness of cross-

platform targeted advertising. Data leakage is defined by the SANS Institute as the unauthorized 

transmission of data from within an organization to an external destination or recipient. When 

publishers sell their ad inventory, they often have to share their data with many third parties to 

receive the highest bids. This results in data leaking because once the third parties receive the data, 

they tend to keep it for further use or sale — often without consequence, which results in inventory 

mispricing. Many publishers refuse to share their data for this reason, and when they do it is often 

mispriced. For this reason, publisher data is extremely underutilized, and Facebook and Google are 

able to use their troves of user data to force advertisers to go through them for effective targeting. 

Although extremely profitable for Facebook and Google, this duopoly creates an unnecessary, costly 

and inefficient market for digital advertising.

Data Leakage

10



Blockchain technology promises to alleviate many of the programmatic advertising industry’s biggest 

pain points. Decentralized networks help disintermediate third-party bundlers and link advertisers 

seamlessly with publishers. Additionally, unlike the current market of data secrecy and walled 

gardens, distributed systems can more accurately reflect value, effectiveness and campaign reach.

The MAD Network is comprised of three distinct blockchain layers: MADnet Books, MADnet Core 

and MADnet Data. The MADtoken will be escrowed to activate a payment channel for the 

accounting, fulfillment and instant reconciliation of ad delivery. Advertisers and publishers will have 

the option to exchange on credit or settle in real time with their escrowed MADtoken or 

cryptocurrency of choice. Ultimately publishers have the final say in how they would like to be paid. 

MADnet Books is a private chain maintained by the AdLedger Consortium, designed to track high-

frequency network transactions, expose price manipulation and facilitate accurate reconciliation. 

MADnet Core is the decentralized ad server and exchange powered by our proof-of-real-work 

algorithm. MADnet Data is a data storage layer that facilitates pseudonymous, one-time-use sharing 

of consumer data to increase the value of publisher inventory while drastically improving targeting.

MAD NETWORK

11

Layer 1 Layer 2 Layer 3



12

MADnet Books is a decentralized payment rail for staking Insertion Orders using MADtoken, an 

ERC20 token issued on Ethereum. MADnet Books will initially be fulfilled via MadHive’s 

centralized ad server. The decentralized payment rail will open a tokenized marketplace for 

exchanging the value of an impression. Advertising spend tracking will be open to create a fair, 

transparent network that penalizes price manipulation. With the advent of the open network, 

advertisers will be informed of third parties that are involved in the ad placement. The advertiser, 

empowered with data insights, will no longer be beholden to complicated third parties that are 

currently taking large margins.

A recent lawsuit explains the state of the ad tech industry. The Guardian sued the Rubicon Project 

for “recovery of non-disclosed buyer fees in relation of Guardian inventory.” Exchanges, SSPs and 

DSPs often hide fees in the fine print of contracts and manipulate prices by adding arbitrary fees 

after private auctions. As The Guardian discovered, the ad tech industry has a reputation of 

protecting information by building black-box systems that third parties learn how to manipulate. 

Hiding transaction flow allows for bad behavior such as creating fake bids or misrepresenting 

transaction prices. The payment rail will empower advertisers to avoid inefficient advertising 

spending and increase the value of their spending.

Decentralized
Payment Rail

M A D N E T  B O O K S



An advertiser will utilize the MADnet Books layer by staking MADtoken to create an Insertion 

Order. Insertion Orders are smart contracts that specify how ads should be executed. As 

MADtokens are staked, an equivalent value of credit (“MADcred”) will be generated and exchanged 

on the MAD Network. The MADcred is paid to the publishers for placing ads in near-real-time. 

MADcred will be a non-fungible token with an explicit reference to the Insertion order contract in 

a manner consistent with the ERC non-fungible standard. After the MADcred is spent, a publisher 

redeems their MADcred in a settlement step based on the payment terms established in the 

Insertion Order. The publisher then returns the MADcred to the Insertion Order, signaling receipt 

of payment. As the publisher confirms payment, MADbonus is paid to the advertiser. MADbonus is 

a loyalty reward for utilizing the MAD Network. If a publisher does not return the MADcred to the 

Insertion Order, the advertiser may decide to blacklist them to avoid the possibility of not receiving 

the MADbonus in the future.

Advertisers may stake MADbonus in place of MADtoken for their Insertion Order. MADbonus is a 

reward for early participation in the network and incentivizes advertisers to continue using the Mad 

Network by allowing them to reduce the required amount of MADtoken needed when staking 

Insertion Orders. This also solves the problem of the MADtoken market cap being an upper limit 

on ad spend that can be delivered on the network at any given time. MADbonus may only be used 

one time.

MADbonus will be issued in a decay curve. Initially, more MADbonus will be issued to excite new 

entrants to use the MAD Network. As the MAD Network grows, MADbonus issuance will be 

reduced. Since the MADbonus maintains its value only when the advertiser makes good on its 

commitment to pay fiat to publishers, this mechanism further incentivizes publishers to come on 

the network in order to gain access to the ad spend committed to the system.

13



14

Miners

Advertisers Publishers
Broker Services

(abstraction layer)

1b

1a 4a

5a 5b

2a 3a

2b 3b
4b

Enters into agreement with broker to purchase a certain USD worth of advertising; the broker 

purchases MADtoken determined at the current price

Broker informs advertisers of their commitment to pay fiat directly to publishers via wire transfer to reconcile 

their MADcred balance for ads served

Broker takes MADtokens provided by advertisers or purchased on behalf of advertisers and places it in an escrow account 

in exchange for MADcred required to execute transactions

Network provides MADbonus to broker, which it can use to substitute for MADtoken when staking USD, to create an 

incentive for brokers to maintain a constant identity and be good actors; the network provides near-real-time visibility 

into transactions occurring and the balance of the MADcred accounts

Network transfers MADcred to seller account for financial value accumulated by transactions generated in the 

MAD Network advertising exchange

Broker broadcasts publishers’ inventory into the network to offer inventory to exchange

Broker provides publisher with accounting of MADcred it’s accumulated and tracks the fiat payment events that close the 

loop — reconciling with MADcred-based bookkeeping

Publisher provides broker with instructions regarding what inventory to publish on the exchange and the rules about 

how it can be used, including price floors

Network provides the miners with a share of all MADtoken accumulated

Miners provide decentralized computation power (trust) to the network

Advertiser1a

1b

2a

2b

3a

3b

4a

4b

5a

5b

Broker

Broker

Network

Network

Broker

Broker

Publisher

Network

Miner



15

8

Advertiser wants to buy 
$1M of advertisements

Publisher has a $10 slot to show an ad in, which Advertiser
wants to spend all their MADcred on

Broker stakes the 4 Million MAD to a smart contract 
to keep Tokens in escrow
Upon staking, 1% of the MAD is burned

The escrow of remaining 99% MAD is for trust and bookkeeping purposes

Publisher exchanges their 9 MADcred for $9 USD 
at their broker

Advertiser gives broker $1M and broker buys 4 Million MAD
MAD is worth 25 cents at the time of staking

$1M worth of MAD is 4 Million MAD

Publisher receives the $9 USD and returns their 9 MADcred 
to the smart contract which burns the MADcred

Advertiser spends 10 MADcred ($10) at a time

1 MADcred ($1) is sent to Miners running the node

9 MADcred ($9) is sent to Publisher

The smart contract produces 1 Million MADcred for the advertiser

MADcred are non-fungable, non-capped, and pegged to USD, 
guaranteeing a real world value of $1M

With 1 Million MADcred, the advertiser can spend $1M in the system

The Advertiser is given MADbonus to incentivize system use

MADbonus are non-fungable, valued at $1 each, and tied to the 
wallet address of the smart contract’s creator

MADbonus can be spent and staked to a smart contract, up to 50% 
of the total value being staked

2

Now that the spot is successfully paid for, the MAD,
which was represented by the MADcred, is released
back to the Advertiser

6

4

$1M

$9

$10

4M

ESCROW

PUB

5

9C
PUB

1C

9C

7

9C

3

1MC

1

$1M=
4M

9

B



Decentralized
Ad Server
and Exchange

M A D N E T  C O R E

MADnet Core is the ad server designed to execute buying and selling of advertising. MADnet Core 

will be powered by our proof-of-real-work algorithm, which combs through ad requests and 

campaigns to find fast feasible matches, maximizing throughput simultaneously ensuring campaigns 

deliver and inventory gets monetized. Feasible matches are defined as pairings of individual ad 

requests to campaigns that meet all publisher and advertiser rules including real time restrictions 

such as frequency caps and industry separation.

MADnet Core transactions are candidate matches and blocks are served when a sufficient number 

of matches are found.  Serving a block indicates that the set of candidate matches has been validated 

by other nodes checking the rule set intersection. MADnet Core serving the block includes 

executing the orders corresponding to the match transactions with the publishers on behalf of the 

advertisers, validates that the ad was served, and keeps an audit trail of events on MADnet Books 

allowing for  near-real-time feedback to both sides.

The MAD Network follows a proof-of-work protocol in which the cryptographic puzzle 

constituting “work” is replaced with a real-world task.

16



Advertisers defined 
rules for acceptable 
inventory

Publisher defined 
rules for acceptable 

campaigns

Feasible 
matching

The proposed “real work” takes the following form: Find N advertising-to-inventory matches, 

defined by the rule set intersection (see figure).

A computational challenge is presented with the following properties:

Key Properties of “Work”:

It takes significant computational effort to find a solution

It takes a comparatively trivial amount of effort to validate a solution once found

There is a single parameter capable of modifying the difficulty so as to control block time

Due to high volumes of ad requests and campaigns running on the network, and the incredibly high 

cardinality of the rule sets, finding a match is hard. In the worst case, finding a match is a brute force 

challenge with complexity, bound to be determined by the large cardinalities. As “matching rates rise,” 

the number N of matches required to discover a block is increased, controlling difficulty and 

establishing expected block times. The critical property that makes “ad match finding” a valid puzzle for 

proof of work is the fact that verifying the rule set intersection is trivial compared to finding a match.

In the best case, smarter algorithms may uncover patterns allowing a node to estimate match 

likelihoods, allowing for faster mining (“matching”). Smart algorithms that “match” faster can be seen 

as analogous to the addition of GPUs to the Bitcoin ecosystem — here, the parameter N ramps 

significantly to control block times to the desired rate, but the difficulty feedback in the mechanism 

ensures that while innovations in matching algorithms may yield short-term boons to miners 

(“matchers”), the network will not lose its intended proof-of-work property as long as there is 

sufficient demand for advertising.

17



18

Note that the existing ad tech ecosystem currently serves millions of ads per second. An additional 

property of this solution is the fact that the matching incentives drive the system toward a state of 

being able to serve more ads per second with the same hardware, helping to ensure the network can 

scale to meet the demand of the ad tech ecosystem, and getting the auditability provided by blockchain 

governance, all without wasting energy on hashing computation.

The proof-of-real-work scheme is subject to the criticism that miners doing ‘real work’ may find 

incentives to take actions out of alignment with those of the advertisers and publishers. This is an area 

of active consideration but the MADnet Core is a consortium network and therefore the 51% attack 

sufficient to serve ads that fail to match the advertiser and publisher ruleset intersection would be a 

transparent and corrective measures would be handled at the level of the Adledger consortium.

Alternatively, nodes might find throughput efficiencies in ways that advertisers or publishers felt 

unfavorable; however, this can be addressed by adding additional rules to the publisher and advertiser 

rulesets to restrict the unfavorable matches from the feasible ruleset intersection. While practical 

implementation challenges are expected, incentives within the consortium are sufficiently well aligned 

to support proof-of-real-work for decentralized ad serving.



19

MADnet Data is a decentralized Data Management Platform (DMP) charged with the governance 

and accounting of data usage within the MADnet Core. Miners verifying matches between 

advertising campaigns and ad requests from publishers do so using 1st, 2nd and 3rd party data. 

MADnet Data provides data rights management ensuring that value add data providers 

contributions are accounted for and invoice-able via MADnet Books.

Existing data management platforms can connect with MADnet Core via an application 

programming interface (API) to provide targeted information for the serving of ads. This function 

will later be replaced by MADnet Data, an extension of MADnet Core and a decentralized DMP that 

captures information from the use of MAD Network and allows peers within the network to 

exchange information. 

We are experimenting with the use of homomorphic encryption to power atomic data swaps for 

one-time-use data exchange. Impressions can ideally be served to a user without anyone knowing 

the true identity of a user or their information. This prevents third parties from taking data and 

selling it to competitors, and provides publishers with a vehicle to monetize their data without losing 

sole possession of it. This results in an efficient market for data exchange and allows for true price 

discovery of users, impressions and their associated data.

Decentralized Data 
Management 
Platform (DMP)

M A D N E T  DATA



The MAD Network is a direct response to the advertising industry’s most pervasive problems, 

including supply chain opacity, data leakage and profit-seeking intermediaries. By allowing ad tech 

stakeholders to transact through an open blockchain network, the MAD Network will enable value 

to move freely and transparently. The MAD Network will not eliminate intermediaries entirely, 

but it will ensure that these intermediaries provide real value back to advertisers and publishers - 

each end of the ecosystem.

Each blockchain within the MAD Network will replace an existing legacy system. The ultimate 

goal is to craft solutions so that industry incumbents can comfortably embrace decentralized 

technologies. We are focusing our initial efforts on creating the backbone of any network, 

payments, to showcase how efficient blockchain systems can be. Once advertisers and publishers 

can exchange money through MADnet Books, we will build out decentralized servers and 

exchanges, effectively allowing ads to be matched autonomously via smart contracts. Decentralized 

data management platforms will give publishers a multitude of new ways to monetize their data in 

a private and secure manner.

The core objective of the MAD Network is to create an ecosystem of decentralized advertising 

tools that enable trustless transactions between advertisers and publishers. For publishers, this will 

mean more innovative opportunities to both utilize and monetize their data as well as establish 

new customer connections, while advertisers will be able to grow their brands and better 

understand their audiences.

CONCLUSION

20



TOKEN SALE

The MADtoken is the exclusive way for network participants to access the features of MADnet 

Books, the decentralized payment rail powering the ecosystem. Advertisers stake the MADtoken in 

Insertion Orders, which are smart contracts that specify how ads should be executed. Each Insertion 

Order produces an equivalent amount of MADcred, the only acceptable payment method within the 

MAD Network.

The MADtoken is an ERC20-compatible token, meaning it will easily integrate with existing 

decentralized infrastructure including wallets, exchanges and smart contracts.

The MADtoken serves several purposes:

Acts as a “software license” that activates a payment channel for the accounting, 

fulfillment and reconciliation of ad delivery

Incentivizes participant behavior to be aligned with the benefit of the network

Bootstraps the long-term development of the MAD Network

21

U S E  O F  F U N D S

50%

15%

15%

10%

5%

5%

R&D

Platform

Business Development

Marketing

Token Launch

Legal

O V E R V I E W

MAD

220,000,000

$0.40

ERC20

$25,000,000

$88,000,000

December 14, 2017

Symbol

Total Tokens

Price Per Token

Token Type

Fundraising Goal

Implied Market Cap

Token Sale Date



ADLEDGER CONSORTIUM

REFERENCES

http://pedrolaboy.com/2017/10/13/notebook-thoughts-the-adtech-supply-chain/

https://blogs.cornell.edu/info2040/2016/10/25/manipulated-prices-in-second-price-auctions/

https://digiday.com/marketing/proverbial-black-box-open-exchange-auctions-transparency-problem/

https://www.sans.org/reading-room/whitepapers/awareness/data-leakage-threats-mitigation-1931

AdLedger is a consortium of advertising and publishing executives co-founded by MadHive, Tegna 

and IBM. The consortium’s purpose is to bring transparency and data security to the ad tech supply 

chain by harnessing a blockchain-backed peer-to-peer network. Examples of tangible goals that this 

consortium will work to achieve are as follows:

Validate placements and transactions, ensuring brand safety through greater transparency

Data portability using multisignature wallets and cryptographic keys for unduplicated 

campaign execution and measurement

Remove layers of inefficiency in technology stacks to cure the disappearing ad dollar

Cross-network identity management and attribution reporting

Establish protocol around a decentralized peer-to-peer data sharing solution

22



MAD TEAM

23

Chris Powers, Project Manager
Chris is a vice president at BTC Labs, a venture studio building a suite of decentralized 
applications for forward-thinking media companies. He previously spent eight years in 
Shanghai consulting for investment banks and mutual funds on the Chinese capital markets 
before joining ICOAGE, the world’s largest ICO platform, as Director of International Markets.

Konstantin Richter, Token Strategist
A serial entrepreneur in the SaaS media space, Konstantin is an advisor to leading blockchain 
companies like Gem, ShoCard and Po.et. He is the co-chair of the advertising consortium 
AdLedger and CEO of Blockdaemon.

Tom Bollich, Lead Architect
Tom is an entrepreneur in the technology space, particularly in “gamification of economies.” 
Before advising various Fortune 500 companies on “gamification,” he was a founding team 
member and studio CTO at Zynga. Tom has been at the forefront of many disruptive trends we 
now see as commonplace, including gamification, online casinos, real-time labor and even 
cannabis.

Adam Helfgott, Project Lead
Adam is a CTO and serial tech entrepreneur. As the co-founder and CEO of MadHive, Adam 
conceptualizes and builds OTT ad tech with a blockchain architecture. Adam has worked 
directly on multiple blockchain projects and has held strategic advisory positions within several 
leading blockchain and media companies including Gem and IMG/WME.



24

This Whitepaper in current form is being circulated by MAD Technologies Foundation Ltd. (“MAD Technologies”) for general information 

and to invite investor feedback only on the MAD Network as presently conceived, and is subject to review and revision by the directors of 

MAD Technologies, the board of advisors and/or legal advisors of MAD Technologies. Please do not replicate or distribute any part of this 

Whitepaper without this section in accompaniment. The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and no part of this Whitepaper 

is intended to create legal relations between a recipient of this Whitepaper or to be legally binding or enforceable by such recipient against 

MAD Technologies. An updated version of this Whitepaper may be published on a date to be determined and announced by MAD 

Technologies in due course.

While we make every effort to ensure that any material in this Whitepaper is accurate and up to date, such material in no way constitutes the 

provision of professional advice. MAD Technologies does not guarantee, and accepts no legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected 

to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, or completeness of any material contained in this Whitepaper. Investors and potential MADtoken 

holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior to relying on, or entering into any commitment or transaction based 

on, material published in this Whitepaper, which material is purely published for reference purposes alone.

MADtokens are not be intended to constitute securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any 

other form of regulated investment or investment product in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer 

document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective 

investment scheme or any other form of regulated investment or investment product, or a solicitation for any form of regulated investment 

or investment product in any jurisdiction. No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this 

Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken by MAD Technologies to obtain such approval under the laws, regulatory 

requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The provision of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory 

requirements or rules have been complied with.

MAD Technologies or this Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to purchase, sell or otherwise transact 

with MADtokens and the fact of presentation of this Whitepaper shall not form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any 

contract of investment decision.

You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any MADtokens if you are:

(a) not a Qualified Person, where “Qualified Person” means (i) an "Accredited Investor" as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the 

U.S. Securities Act of 1933, and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits 

and risks of the purchase of Tokens to be made by such person hereunder, or (ii) a person that is not a "U.S. Person" as defined in Rule 902(k) 

of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933; 

(b) located in the Republic of Singapore or the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), at the time of your intended purchase/purchase of 

MADtokens in the Token Sale;

(c) a citizen, domiciled in, or resident of the Republic of Singapore or an entity incorporated under the laws of Singapore; or

(d) a citizen, domiciled in, or resident of the PRC or an entity incorporated under the laws of the PRC, (collectively, “Excluded Persons”)

PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO 

THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX 

OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).

IMPORTANT INFORMATION



25

No MADtoken should be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as enabling, or according any opportunity to, purchasers to participate 

in or receive profits, income, or other payments or returns arising from or in connection with the MADtokens or the proceeds of the initial 

token sale (“ITS”), or to receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other payments or returns.

No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of the MADtokens, and no 

cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper.

Any agreement as between MAD Technologies and you as a purchaser, and in relation to any sale and purchase, of MADtokens is to be 

governed by only a separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the “T&Cs”) of such agreement. In the event of any 

inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.

There are risks and uncertainties associated with MAD Technologies and its business and operations, the MADtokens, the MAD Network 

and the ITS. Please refer to the section entitled “Risks and Uncertainties” set out at the end of this Whitepaper.

This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination 

of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted.

No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled 

“Disclaimer of Liability”, “No Representations and Warranties”, “Representations and Warranties By You”, “Cautionary Note On Forward-

Looking Statements”, “Third Party Information and No Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No Advice”, “No Further Information or 

Update”, “Restrictions On Distribution and Dissemination” and “Risks and Uncertainties”.

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY

To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, MAD Technologies shall not be liable for any indirect, 

special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, 

income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part 

thereof by you.

NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

MAD Technologies does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form 

whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and 

completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU

By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and 

warrant to MAD Technologies as follows:

you agree and acknowledge that the MADtokens do not constitute securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a 

collective investment scheme or any other form of regulated investment or investment product in any jurisdiction;

you are not an Excluded Person, or a citizen or resident of a country the laws of which prohibit or conflict with the ITS or your 

participation in the ITS;

(a)

(b)



26

you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended 

to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of 

regulated investment or investment product in any jurisdiction, or a solicitation for any form of regulated investment or investment 

product, and you are not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of 

payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper;

you acknowledge and understand that no MADtoken should be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as enabling, or according 

any opportunity to, MADtoken holders to participate in or receive profits, income, or other payments or returns arising from or in 

connection with the MADtokens or the proceeds of the ITS, or to receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other payments 

or returns;

you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the information set out in this Whitepaper, no 

action has been or will be taken by MAD Technologies to obtain such approval under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of 

any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, 

regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with;

you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion of the ITS, or future trading of 

MADtokens on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of 

MAD Technologies, the MADtokens, the ITS, and the MAD Network;

the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or acceptance of the same by you, is not 

prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to 

possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and without liability to 

MAD Technologies;

You agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any MADtokens, MADtokens are not to be construed, 

interpreted, classified or treated as:

any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;

debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity;

rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;

rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or pretended purpose of which is to secure a 

profit or avoid a loss;

securities;

units or derivatives of units in a business trust;

units in a collective investment scheme; or

any form of regulated investment or investment product; 

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

(h)

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

(iv)

(v)

(vi)

(vii)

(viii)



27

you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible and you are not to purchase any MADtokens if you are an Excluded 

Person;

you are legally permitted to participate in the ITS and all actions contemplated or associated with such purchase, including the 

holding and use of MADtokens;

the amounts that you use to purchase MADtokens were not and are not directly or indirectly derived from any activities that 

contravene the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction, including anti-money laundering laws and regulations;

if you are a natural person, you are of sufficient age and capacity under the applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside and 

the jurisdiction of which you are a citizen to participate in the ITS;

you are not obtaining or using MADtokens for any illegal purpose;

none of: (i) you; (ii) any person controlling or controlled by you; (iii) if you are a privately-held entity, any person having a beneficial 

interest in you; or (iv) any person for whom you are acting as agent or nominee in connection with this ITS is a senior foreign 

political figure, or any immediate family member or close associate of a senior foreign political figure. A “senior foreign political 

figure” is defined as a senior official in the executive, legislative, administrative, military or judicial branch of a government (whether 

elected or not), a senior official of a major political party, or a senior executive of a foreign government-owned corporation, and 

includes any corporation, business or other entity that has been formed by, or for the benefit of, a senior foreign political figure.  

“Immediate family” of a senior foreign political figure typically includes such figure’s parents, siblings, spouse, children and in-laws.  

A “close associate” of a senior foreign political figure is a person who is widely and publicly known to maintain an unusually close 

relationship with such senior foreign political figure, and includes a person who is in a position to conduct substantial domestic and 

international financial transactions on behalf of such senior foreign political figure;

if you are affiliated with a non-U.S. banking institution (“Foreign Bank”), or if you receive deposits from, make payments on behalf 

of, or handle other financial transactions related to a Foreign Bank, you represent and warrant to MAD Technologies that: (i) the 

Foreign Bank has a fixed address, and not solely an electronic address, in a country in which the Foreign Bank is authorized to 

conduct banking activities; (ii) the Foreign Bank maintains operating records related to its banking activities; (iii) the Foreign Bank is 

subject to inspection by the banking authority that licensed the Foreign Bank to conduct its banking activities; and (iv) the Foreign 

Bank does not provide banking services to any other Foreign Bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is 

not a regulated affiliate;

you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material 

characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage 

mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology;

you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any MADtokens, there are risks associated with 

MAD Technologies and its businesses and operations, MADtokens, the MAD Network and the ITS;

you bear the sole responsibility to determine what tax implications purchasing MADtokens may have for you and agree not to hold 

MAD Technologies or any other person involved in the ITS liable for any tax liability associated with or arising therefrom;

(i)

(j)

(k)

(l)

(m)

(n)

(o)

(p)

(q)

(r)



28

you agree and acknowledge that MAD Technologies is not liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other 

losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or 

data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you; 

you waive the right to participate in a class action lawsuit or a class wide arbitration against MAD Technologies and/or any person 

involved in the ITS and/or with the creation and distribution of MADtokens; and

all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the time of your access to and/

or acceptance of possession this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be).

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements 

that may be made by MAD Technologies or its directors, executive officers or employees acting on behalf of MAD Technologies (as the case 

may be), that are not statements of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking statements”. Some of these statements can be identified by 

forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, 

“probable”, “project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying 

forward-looking statements. All statements regarding MAD Technologies’ business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects of 

the industry which MAD Technologies is in are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to 

statements as to MAD Technologies’ prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed in this Whitepaper 

regarding MAD Technologies are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions.

These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, 

performance or achievements of MAD Technologies to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements 

expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, amongst others:

changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment in the 

countries in which MAD Technologies conducts its business and operations;

the risk that MAD Technologies may be unable to execute or implement its business strategies and future plans;

changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies;

changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of MAD Technologies and the MAD Network;

changes in the availability and fees payable to MAD Technologies in connection with its businesses and operations or on the MAD 

Network;

changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by MAD Technologies to operate their respective businesses 

and operations;

changes in preferences of users of the MAD Network;

changes in competitive conditions under which MAD Technologies operates, and the ability of MAD Technologies to compete 

under such conditions;

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

(h)

(s)

(t)

(u)



29

changes in the future capital needs of MAD Technologies and the availability of financing and capital to fund such needs;

war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;

occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the businesses and/or operations of MAD 

Technologies;

other factors beyond the control of MAD Technologies; and

any risk and uncertainties associated with MAD Technologies and its business and operations, the MADtokens, the MAD Network 

and the ITS.

All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to MAD Technologies or persons acting on behalf of MAD Technologies are 

expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or 

achievements of MAD Technologies to be materially different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in 

this Whitepaper, undue reliance must not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date 

of this Whitepaper.

Neither MAD Technologies nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance or 

achievements of MAD Technologies will be as discussed in those forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or 

achievements of MAD Technologies may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.

Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance or 

policies of MAD Technologies.

Further, MAD Technologies disclaims any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking statements or publicly announce any 

revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes 

available or other events occur in the future.

THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS

This Whitepaper includes information obtained from various third party sources (“Third Party Information”). None of the publishers of the 

Third Party Information has consented to the inclusion of the Third Party Information in this Whitepaper and is therefore not liable for the 

Third Party Information. While MAD Technologies has taken reasonable action to ensure that the Third Party Information have been 

included in their proper form and context, neither MAD Technologies, nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting on its behalf, 

has independently verified the accuracy, reliability, completeness of the contents, or ascertained any applicable underlying assumption, of the 

relevant Third Party Information. Consequently, neither MAD Technologies nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting on 

their behalf makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of such information and shall not be obliged 

to provide any updates on the same.

TERMS USED

To facilitate a better understanding of the MADtokens being offered for purchase by MAD Technologies, and the businesses and operations 

of MAD Technologies, certain technical terms and abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have been used in this 

Whitepaper.

(i)

(j)

(k)

(l)

(m)



30

These descriptions and assigned meanings should not be treated as being definitive of their meanings and may not correspond to standard 

industry meanings or usage.

Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, 

where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations.

NO ADVICE

No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice regarding MAD Technologies, the 

MADtokens, the MAD Network, or the ITS. You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional advisor regarding MAD 

Technologies and its business and operations, the MADtokens, the MAD Network, and the ITS. You should be aware that you may be 

required to bear the financial risk of any exchange for of MADtokens for an indefinite period of time.

NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE

No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained in this Whitepaper in connection with MAD 

Technologies and its business and operations, the MADtokens, the MAD Network, or the ITS and, if given, such information or 

representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of MAD Technologies. The ITS shall not, under any 

circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or implication that there has been no change, or development 

reasonably likely to involve a material change in the affairs, conditions and prospects of MAD Technologies or in any statement of fact or 

information contained in this Whitepaper since the date hereof.

RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION

The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the laws, regulatory 

requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any 

restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and 

without liability to MAD Technologies.

Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper 

in their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information 

contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

Prospective purchasers of MADtokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with MAD Technologies 

and its business and operations, the MADtokens, the MAD Network, and the ITS,  and all information set out in this Whitepaper and the 

T&Cs prior to any purchase of the MADtokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial 

condition, results of operations and prospects of MAD Technologies could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all 

or part of the value of the MADtokens.



31

ADDENDUM
Leveraging MadHive's status as the largest premium OTT ad buyer in the world, the MAD Network has 

a realistic path for quick adoption. The road to mainstream disruption begins with television.

The MAD Network’s ultimate goal is to build a decentralized infrastructure for programmatic 

advertising. To attain this goal, the MAD Network must first prove its efficacy by carving out a niche.

Go to Market Strategy

Why is the MAD Network going after 
OTT and TV first?

The MAD strategy focuses on a TV-First rollout, beginning with regional and local advanced 

television ($18B/yr market), where MadHive™ already has traction through 46 television stations 
in 38 markets. Within 2 years, MAD plans to expand to national sales for both digital and linear 

television.

To start, OTT advertising and TV are rapidly growing markets. In 2022, the forecast for OTT and 

TV ad revenue is over $80 billion, up from just under $38 billion in 2016. 

Regional and Local Linear television

National digital television

Regional and Local Digital television ($13 billion industry/yr in USA)

MadHive already has traction through 46 tv stations in 38 markets

Step 1

Step 2

Step 3

Step 4 Digital reac h extension



32

100 000

80 000

60 000

40 000

20 000

0

17 218

2016

3 837
4 197

11 756

2017*

23 174

4 047
4 863

14 377

2022*

41 167

5 198

8 082

28 999

SVOD Rental DTO/EST AVOD

R
ev

en
ue

 in
 m

ill
io

n 
U

.S
. d

ol
la

rs

Over-the-top (OTT) TV and video revenue worldwide from 2016 to 2022, by source (in million U.S. dollars)

An OTT application is any app or service that provides a product over the internet and bypasses traditional distribution; Hulu, 

Apple TV, and YouTube are prime examples. OTT and TV ads consist mostly of high-end premium video, making it a very 

lucrative market. The MAD Network is designed to cater to the needs of OTT and TV advertisers and publishers.

Furthermore, premium OTT video accounts for only 10% of all ad inventory, but commands 40% of all 

ad spend. This means OTT and TV inventory provide a lot of value for advertisers. Our goal is to 

protect the high end video stakeholders from the duopoly of Facebook and Google by providing them 

an alternative.

Both Facebook and Google have yet to conquer the premium long form video market. Their absence 

leaves a void that the MAD Network and MadHive can fill together. MadHive’s high-end video 

presence combined with Facebook and Google’s absence put the MAD Network in a prime position to 

capture a sizable high-end video marketshare.

Conclusion
The MAD Network team aims to improve an already profitable ad tech company, MadHive, by 

constructing a decentralized infrastructure for programmatic advertising. By going after a niche and 

lucrative market, the MAD Network will be able to gain early traction for fast adoption and prove 

that blockchain technology is a viable solution to many of the problems in digital advertising.


