











































NEXT  GENERATION  INTERNET

A 3D/VR open source platform for creation 
and integration of spaces and objects, 

powered by the Blockchain. 

www.markspace.io
V 1.0.2 



1      INTRODUCTION 

        1.1   Virtual Universe - The Future Of Internet Virtual 
        reality & Crypto economy - The inevitable evolution of   
        Internet
 
       1.2   Platform base ideas 

       1.3   Development Plans 

2      MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS 

        2.1   MARK Ecosystem 

               Content Creation 

               Goods and Services Distribution, and Consumption 

               Distribution Of Wealth 

               Distributed Rendering 

               Synergy of Real and Virtual Economies 

        2.2  Size of MARK Districts 

       2.3  MARK Community District 

       2.4  MARK Residential District 

       2.5  MARK Shopping District 

       2.6  MARK Business District 

       2.7   Other Districts 

       2.8  Creation of Custom 3D Objects and Applications 

       2.9  Unit Pricing 

       2.10 Current State Of The Prototype
 

2

2

3

4

5

5

5

5

6

6

6

7

8

8

10

12

14

14

15

16



3      TECHNOLOGY 

        3.1   Current Prototype Architecture and Capabilities 

       3.2  Current User Profile Features 

       3.3  Current Social Interactions Capabilities 

       3.4 Future Architecture 

               3.4.1  Overview 

              3.4.2  Languages, Protocols, Frameworks 

              3.4.3  Other Platform Technical Details 

                      VR Real Estate Exchange 

                      Rental Contracts 

                      Advertising Engine 

                      Distributed Rendering 

                            Distributed rendering technology 
                            challenges 

               3.4.4  MARK.SPACE Object Scripting Language - 
                         MOSL 

4     ECONOMY 

        4.1  MRK Token 

        4.2 Monetization For Community Members 

        4.3 Monetization For Residents 

        4.4 Monetization Of The Shops 

        4.5 Monetization For Businesses 

17

17

17

18

18

18

22

23

23

23

24

24

24

26

28

28

28

29

29

30



5      EXECUTIVE TEAM 

6     CROWDSALE 

        6.1  Schedule 

        6.2 Recommended Allocation 

              6.2.1  Token Allocation 

              6.2.2  Token sale Funds Allocation 

7      DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP 

31

33

33

35

35

36

37



MARK.SPACE is an open source platform for creation  
of 3D/VR spaces and objects of any purpose, as well as their 
quick launch and integration into a unique ecosystem. The 
platform is maintained by a crypto economy and is powered by 
the Blockchain. 

MARK.SPACE supports all internet browsers (preferably 
Chrome) and, at the same time, is compatible with CardBoard, 
Oculus and HTC Vive. A desktop PC is all that is needed to 
create a state-of-the-art VR store, office,  community or other 
space for either business or entertainment. 

The MARK.SPACE universe is made up of a great amount of VR 
spaces (units), where each unit can be linked directly to its own 
top-level domain. The private property of units is guaranteed by 
recording all transactions with units (to create, sell or rent) on 
the blockchain. All unit owners may buy, sell and/or rent their 
units to others through use of smart contracts. 

MARK.SPACE has its own MARK token (MRK), a utility token 
used as internal currency. The MRK token enables all users to sell 
and buy VR units and objects, consume various goods and use 
services, pay salary to their employees and buy ads to promote 
their businesses through the platform. GPU-miners who will be 
rendering VR spaces and objects for the platform’s users will 
also receive rewards in MRK tokens (POW conception).

MARK.SPACE IS THE BEST PLACE TO ENTER 
THE NEXT GENERATION OF INTERNET.

          Abstract



2

1      INTRODUCTION

1        Introduction
BLOCKCHAIN-POWERED VR - A MILESTONE IN THE 
DEVELOPMENT OF THE INTERNET

Orinofilm, the first novel describing virtual reality (VR), 
was written in the sixties by Italian science fiction writer  
Lino Aldani. About 25 years ago, Neal Stephenson’s science 
fiction novel Snow Crash was published. In that novel, 
Stephenson presented the concept of a metaverse - a collective 
virtual shared space which is commonly referred to as the future 
iteration of the internet. In 1998, project “There” was launched 
where users, appearing as avatars, in addition to socializing, 
could purchase objects and services using a virtual currency 
called therebucks - purchasable with real money. 

With the initial creation of the Internet, nobody imagined that 
it would achieve such scale. When the first online-store was 
launched, most businesses believed that e-commerce had no 
future. Online shopping has already become a rapidly growing 
market, expected to reach $1.9 bln by the end of 2017. Likewise, 
when cryptocurrencies first bursted into arena, very few took 
them seriously. Nowadays, global society is getting used to the 
idea that Bitcoin and other currencies are becoming a large 
part of the world economy. 

VR follows a similar path, as it took a long time to bring the 
technology to the present level. Today, most people understand 
that VR is an incredible technology that opens unlimited 
possibilities. It has truly become the future, and we’re already 
living in it. Mega-brands, such as Google, Facebook and many 
others are collectively spending billions on VR technology. 

The internet has been developing for a very long time and 
thus we know: the major change is yet to come, and it’s called 
3D internet.  We have come to a point where the technologies 
for virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), mixed reality 
(MR), and cryptocurrencies could merge into a fully functional 
ecosystem in order to create an economy that would enhance, 
complement  and someday replace the entire online economy 

1.1



3

1      INTRODUCTION

we know today. The goal of the MARK.SPACE platform  
is to fully develop and implement this philosophy.

PLATFORM BASIC IDEAS

When we started developing MARK.SPACE in 2015, we came 
across serious challenges that had to be solved in order to realize 
our ideas, because VR was a rather complicated technology 
(and still is), in both production of content and its usability. 
In order to create and launch any type of VR project,  such as  
a game, online store or social network, to name a few examples, 
it was necessary to engage a team of professional developers and 
spend a lot of time and financial resources. At the same time, VR 
audiences grew slowly, which has to do with the fact that in order 
to consume VR content, people still needed to buy specialized 
expensive equipment, such as VR-glasses and headsets, controllers, 
etc. Another limitation was the need to be at comfortable and safe 
location in order to use these gadgets. We are proud to say that we 
have found a way to bypass all these difficulties!

The main idea of MARK.SPACE is to give the world an easy tool to 
create and launch any VR/3D project, and to do it quickly, without 
significant costs. Secondly, all projects made on our platform will 
be accessible from most ordinary devices, such as a PCs, laptops, 
tablets, or smartphones -  through any web-browser and without 
the need to use a VR-headset.  The project was conceived with 
the idea to leverage VR technologies that just appeared, in order  
to create a world where everything would resemble real life as 
close as possible. 

We invested 2,5 years and $5 million of personal funds into 
VR technology research, the making of prototypes and getting 
feedback from businesses. All this resulted in creating the 
M1 platform and we are ready to show the capabilities it has 
today (check out the DEMO at http://demo.mark.space/). 
No need to download any client or program; no need for  
expensive VR-gadgets and powerful computers - just your 
ordinary device and a browser of your choice!  Instead of surfing 
the net, you can now travel through and around the world, and 
it’s going to appear just the way we used to in real life, all thanks 
to the birth of 3D technology.

1.2

http://demo.mark.space/


4

1      INTRODUCTION

While there are many existing VR projects, none of them  
is currently comparable to the M1 technology. M1 is the logic 
and driving force based on advanced mathematical algorithms 
that we developed, aiming to provide maximum 3D visualization  
precision. As of today, our company has digitized entire shopping 
malls with branded stores, including all the details of interior 
and complete product lines. Additionally, we created a working 
prototype of a social platform, where each user could design their 
own virtual space and fill it with furniture, paintings and other 
details of the interior decorations. Users can also add different 
types of content, such as Youtube videos, Instagram photos,  
as well as audio and text files. The templates of various spaces 
are available, including personal appartments, exhibition halls, 
gaming clubs, restaurants, movie theaters, and offices that could 
be used as VR headquarters of companies.

DEVELOPMENT PLANS
 
After the Token sale, our prototype will be further enhanced to 
include the functionality, as described in the next section. The 
ultimate goal is to achieve full decentralization for the benefit of 
both users and those selling computational and storage resources  
to enable platform functionality.

1.3



2      MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

5

MARK ECOSYSTEM 

The MARK ecosystem is modelled after the real world economy 
and has similar features. Real world economy deals with the 
production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services, 
where, in well functioning economies, wealth is created and 
further redistributed. Lets see how a typical economic cycle is 
implemented in the MARK ecosystem.

Content Creation

The MARK platform is designed to give users all the tools for 
VR content creation. The current prototype allows for creation 
of residential, shared and business VR spaces (offices and malls), 
filled with preselected or custom elements of furniture, interior 
design, appliances and multimedia content. In the future, there 
will be an option to add any user-created digital content like 
articles, books, paintings and music.
  
At present, we are developing our own scripting language that is 
going to make it possible for users to create their own 3D objects 
and applications. Alternatively, you can already easily virtualize 
the interior of any existing premises by using a 360° camera and 
importing it to MARK.SPACE.

Goods and Services Distribution, and Consumption

The MARK Shopping area will allow both: the distribution 
of goods produced in the real world and any content created 
within the platform. This would include the ability to sell custom 
elements of furniture and decor created by users (our platform 
already allows to do this) as well as the entire personal or 
business spaces purchased earlier. Freelancers will be able to 
create their own virtual offices for advertising and selling their 
services. The ability for all users to advertise over common areas 
(like sidewalks or roads) between buildings and mall interiors will 
also be implemented. Tokens earned by users could be further 
used in the value creation cycle.

2       MARK.SPACE Districts
2.1



2      MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

6

Distribution of Wealth

Just like with regular real estate, virtual locations will have a long 
term tendency for appreciation value, due to added 3D details 
and scarcity of the spaces. Once created, well designed and 
unique, and filled with quality-content, personal spaces are going 
to attract many visitors, thus making it a valuable asset from an 
economics standpoint. A VR store in the MARK Shopping district 
will be transparent, showing its income statement, balance sheet 
and cash flows, becoming a real asset which can be evaluated 
using any conventional methods. If there are assets to be sold, 
businesses like VR real estate agencies could appear, offering 
their services to the public. With the growing number of users, 
virtual economies will be flourishing, as demand for MRK tokens 
used for all transactions on the platform will increase. Users of 
the MARK platform will enjoy the appreciation of both their 
virtual real estates, as well as the cryptocurrency they hold. The  
wealth created will be further redistributed. 

Distributed Rendering

Enormous computational capacities amassed by cryptocurrency 
miners are going to serve as a backbone for the new emerging 
crypto economy. Massive amounts of VR content to be generated 
in various MARK districts will have to be rendered. This provides 
a great opportunity for yesterday’s miners to get revenue by 
providing their computational resources for distributed rendering 
of MARK spaces. This is just one of the ways how an internal VR 
economy extends to real world.

Synergy of Real and Virtual Economies

Products made in the real world will be sold in different stores 
within the MARK Shopping District. Various existing businesses 
will broaden their presence in the MARK Business District. Platform 
users who have their apartments in MARK Residential District will be 
sharing them via social networks, driving more traffic into all existing 
MARK spaces. New curious visitors will be exploring the areas and 
entering shopping malls. A painter, for example, would create their 
gallery (or fully virtualize the existing gallery)  in the MARK Business 
District, also attracting users. Virtual and real economies would 
merge together using the power of synergy to its fullest.



2      MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

7

SIZE OF MARK DISTRICTS 

To start off, there will be just four districts: Residential, Business, 
Community and Shopping, but we may add more in the future. 
Adding new potential districts and buildings will be carefully 
controlled to make sure it won’t affect the market value of 
existing real estates. Each MARK district will consist of 1296 
neighbourhoods, whereas each neighbourhood will be made up 
of 36 buildings. Each building will have 36 floors and, in turn, each 
floor will contain 36 groups of units.

Pic 1. Typical floor layout 

2.2



2      MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

8

These are limitations to the current implementation; in the 
future, building height and capacity will be increased. Therefore, 
each neighbourhood may be occupied by 810,000 residents. The 
maximum capacity of each district will be 1.05 billion residencies. 
Four districts, consequently, would allow a population of 4.2 
billion residents.

To put this number in the perspective, let’s compare it to a 
gaming company called NetEase, which has close to 800 million 
registered user accounts. The focus of our project is using VR 
for real world applications, with an estimation that our user base 
becomes larger than the gaming community.

MARK COMMUNITY DISTRICT

MARK Community District, as the name already suggests, will be 
dedicated entirely to various communities formed and united by 
common interest. A community could organize itself and claim 
a certain number of units. Large communities could claim entire 
buildings, if they so wish and have the funds sufficient enough to 
support it. For example, imagine a music lovers community which 
occupies the entire building, named after the famous track by 
Leonard Cohen - “Tower of Song”. Each unit could be decorated by 
fans or artists themselves, displaying various artifacts, including 
music instruments, disks, vinyls and so on. Artists’ portraits 
would grace the walls. The TV or radio could be playing the 
artist’s music. Most of this functionality is already available in the 
current prototype.  Communities may even form a Decentralized 
Autonomous Organization (DAO). A DAO is an organization 
that is run by smart contracts stored on the blockchain. We are 
monitoring the project development of Aragon and in the future 
may consider integrating with it to avoid duplicating similar 
functionality.

MARK RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT

The Residential District allows any user to do one of two things: 
digitize their real apartment/condo/house using a 360° camera (in 
the not so distant future it will be possible to do so with a regular 
smartphone) or create a dream residence using various designs 

2.3

2.4



2      MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

9

and furniture items currently available in the system. It will also 
be possible to upload your own designs and objects. Once it’s 
done, you could post the link with its unique address to either 
one of the existing social networks.

For the first time, your friends from the other side of the world 
will have a chance to actually visit your home. You may choose to 
virtualize only particular rooms or areas of the house. For example, 
your home-based music recording studio or a garage where you 
work on rebuilding your Mercedes SL 1965 model.

In the current prototype, this is a virtualization of Evgeni Malkin’s 
apartment (a famous hockey player) that you could visit. Evgeni is 
also one of the main investors in our project.

Entire buildings could be bought by anybody with the aim to 
resell or rent the units to the public. For example, a particular 
movie star decides to purchase the building and name it after 
themselves. They spend money to decorate the units how they 
wish and then offer each unit for sale on the platform.

Pic 2. Evgeni Malkin’s  apartment within MARK Residential District



2      MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

10

MARK SHOPPING DISTRICT

Four shopping malls have already been virtualized by our team 
in order to demonstrate the capabilities of our platform. Special 
attention has been placed on enhancing the technology required 
to sell clothes in VR. At present, you could select a particular 
clothing item and put it on a model in our VR fitting room and 
see how it would look on a real person. The accuracy is so precise 
that most people don’t even realize it’s not a photo. Fashion 
stores occupy at least 50% of any major mall and we already have 
perfected this technology.

2.5

Pic 3.  SONY & NIKE showroom windows in MARK Shopping District 



2      MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

11

 

Pic 4.  Loro Piana store in MARK Shopping District 

Pic 5.  LORIBLU store in MARK Shopping District



2      MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

12

Brands that are not ready to launch a fully functional VR store 
could still create a VR showroom that would promote their 
merchandise and drive traffic to their physical stores. For  
example, furniture stores or various home decor stores.  Toy 
stores are great candidates as well. Electronics stores or Tesla 
dealerships could also choose to create a virtual showroom that 
would attract a significant traffic of visitors.

At the moment, we are negotiating with various partners 
interested in having a store in our first shopping mall that is about 
to be launched in March 2019.  

 
MARK BUSINESS DISTRICT

Today, many companies market their services online. Sometimes 
these companies don’t even have physical offices. VR technology 
allows any reputable company to virtualize their office and allow 

Pic 6.  Fitting service in MARK Shopping District

2.6



2      MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

13

it to be visited by potential customers. If you are looking for  
a lawyer or trying to choose a movie production studio, thinking 
about hiring an IT outsourcing firm or considering visiting  
a plastic surgery clinic -  having an opportunity to visit its virtual 
premises first would only help in making a right decision.

Imagine a company has recently managed a successful Token 
sale having its own virtual office that any investor could visit. 
As you walk down the hall you see offices of Lisk, AEthernity, 
Tezos, Civic, Waves, EOS, and the like. Token sale promotional 
agencies could purchase an office right next to the Ethereum 
foundation. Copywriters could purchase an office right next 
door. With the MARK platform it’s going to simply take a 360° 
camera and a few hours of work to make it possible.

Any freelancer or artist could create their own office. For 
reference, please see the picture below which was created 
with our system.

Pic 7.  SONM (left)  and ETHEREUM Foundation (right) 
in MARK business district



2      MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

14

OTHER DISTRICTS

We are not limiting project capabilities to only 4 districts 
mentioned above. In the future we may add more. An  
Educational district could be a possible candidate. VR solutions 
for education are some of the most tangible applications of the 
VR from the monetization perspective. 

 
CREATION OF CUSTOM 3D OBJECTS AND APPLICATIONS

We are developing MARK.SPACE scripting language for a virtual 
machine of 3D interface that will make it possible for the users 
to create their own 3D objects and applications. This is going 
to open up unlimited possibilities for both making the interior 
of any space more diverse and offering more opportunities for 
monetization.

Pic 7.  SONM (left)  and ETHEREUM Foundation (right) 
in MARK business district

2.7

2.8



2      MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

15

UNIT DESCRIPTION

The MARK.SPACE universe consists of a great amount of VR 
spaces (units). Each unit can be linked directly to its own top-
level domain. The private property of units is guaranteed by 
recording all transactions with units (to create, sell or rent) on 
the blockchain. 

Unit size is 8 x 8 = 64 m2

UNIT TYPES

UNIT PRICES

2.9

2.9.1

2.9.2

UNIT TYPE E-commerce functions CRM Advertising Sell unit Rent unit

Residential NO NO NO NO NO

Commercial 
(shopping, office) YES YES NO YES YES

Community YES YES NO YES YES

External NO NO YES YES YES

UNIT TYPE MAIN PRICE EXTRA INTERNAL Storage per year

Residential 1 for free, 250 MRK per each extra 100 MRK per each 1,2%

Commercial 
(shopping, office) 1000 MRK 500 MRK 1,2%

Community 10 MRK 10 MRK 1,2%

External 10000 -------- 1,2%



2      MARK.SPACE DISTRICTS

16

In the beginning, each user will be getting one unit for free but 
once a critical mass of users is reached, units will cost money. 
However, we reserve the right to opt for other monetization 
options like in-world advertising.

CURRENT STATE OF THE PROTOTYPE

The current prototype already allows for creating personal spaces 
as described above. There is a great selection of decors, furniture, 
appliances etc. Social functions like chat between users are also 
implemented. Launching stores in the MARK Shopping District 
is also possible but it’s a more complex procedure that requires 
joint effort with a brand or company wishing to open a store. You 
are welcome to play around with our current prototype at www.
demo.mark.space

2.10



3      TECHNOLOGY

17

CURRENT PROTOTYPE ARCHITECTURE 
AND CAPABILITIES

The current platform is based on a centralized architecture, 
however a roadmap has been prepared to fully decentralize it. 

Our existing platform is able to automatically detect VR 
glasses or headsets, working on technologies Web Bluetooth 
and WebVR. Alternatively, VR content is displayed on regular 
PC monitor and/or smartphone. Using built in accelerometers, 
the system is able to process information from sensors in the 
headset or glasses, in order to improve navigation of the user in 
the space. Voice recognition technology allows the user to issue 
voice commands that are detected and executed by the platform. 

The existing platform front-end is implemented using: 

HTML5/CSS3/Javascript/JSON + SMX.
Back-end is written in: Perl, Python, Java, Node.js, PHP
The protocols used are:  VRML/X3D, WebGL, Web3D, WebVR

CURRENT USER PROFILE FEATURES

At present, each user has access to the following personal information:

Profile
Settings
Friends list
Messages log
Personal photo gallery
Personal content (files, documents and links 
to the content sent from other systems)
Personal blog
Personal apartment with assigned address that allows 
visits even from the unregistered users
Personal belongings, furniture and the elements of decor 
located in the apartment

3        Technology
3.1

3.2



3      TECHNOLOGY

18

Personal fitting room for storing clothes and trying them on
Gifts from other users
Personal wallets with MRK tokens balance
History of purchases
Purchases planner
News feed based on subscriptions to the other blogs of internal users.

CURRENT SOCIAL INTERACTIONS CAPABILITIES

The platform allows for:

Message exchanges between users (real time chat)
Private chat
Personal blog

FUTURE ARCHITECTURE

Overview
Following the Token Sale, the current system will be fully 
decentralized and it’s going to have the following architecture.

As opposed to other projects, the future MARK.SPACE 
architecture is not just a solution relying on Ethereum Virtual 
Machine for smart contracts, implementing core functionality; 
it’s a powerful development platform with its own virtual 
machine and its own internal blockchain, allowing development 
of complex applications in its own scripting language (similar 
to Java).  The use of Ethereum smart contracts is limited only to 
critical functionality and utilizes the Ethereum blockchain.

3.3

3.4

3.4.1



3      TECHNOLOGY

19

Additionally, the platform has a fully decentralized architecture 
in contrast to other projects that just call it decentralized. 
Decentralization is achieved through the use of three types of 
servers. These servers will be picked from available machines of 
network participants providing their computational and storage 
resources and one of three roles assigned:

DATA SERVER - data blocks storage; receiving, storing and 
retrieving data.
SERVICE - accepting and executing tasks and returning results.
HUB - storing references to data blocks; addresses of DATA 
SERVERs and SERVICEs; accepting requests from servers and 
clients (UI); locating servers for executing tasks and returning 
data about these servers and access keys.

1

2
3



3      TECHNOLOGY

20

Servers shown in grey color are inactive most of the time, but are 
activated when one of the active servers fails.

Servers shown in green color are fully active and support the 
functioning of the platform.

All servers’ owners will be compensated in MRK tokens, based on 
the amount of work done.

Each DATA SERVER that is receiving data blocks through HUBs 
is registering and storing them; it also notifies other servers 
about changes in the blocks registry database. The data is stored 
on DATA SERVERs in a fully decentralized way and is replicated 
on at least three other servers. The new data block has to be 
replicated on at least three servers before it can be used.

Each HUB is constantly checking the status of other HUBs to notify 
them about its recent activity. This way the data is eventually consistent.

Client UI is sending requests to the closest HUB (by address); if 
this HUB can’t respond the client will issue a request to the next 
closest HUB. If a particular HUB doesn’t have the requested data 
it will locate another HUB, containing it and return its address to 
the client. HUB will respond to the client with an address of the 
DATA SERVER and access keys that allow to retrieve the data and 
present it to the user.

PORTAL - open code that is deployed on each server, which 
allows the server to be replaced by another one without any 
functionality interruption for the users. This code is deployed on 
all servers and can’t be altered without losing the license allowing 
its functionality.

SYSTEM - each SERVICE could have its own code WORK 
compliant with common service protocol SYSTEM. SYSTEM is 
an alternative name for MOSL (MARK.SPACE Object Scripting 
Language). SYSTEM is a programming language developed by us 
for the virtual machine run by the PORTAL code.



3      TECHNOLOGY

21

The activity of servers is being constantly verified by queries from 
other servers as a result of which PORTAL code is self validated. If 
a modification of the PORTAL code is attempted or data on DATA 
SERVERs is altered by a hacker, the server instantly becomes 
inactive and a group of HUBs initiates a full scan of the server. If a 
full scan does not detect any issues the server is then reactivated. 
If any issues are detected and the server is deactivated, it could 
be reactivated again only after completing the full registration 
procedure, which includes the complete removal of all data from 
the server.

The storage of 3D scenes and enabled rendering for miners 
willing to make money by providing their computing resources. 
Rendering is not done in realtime, but in advance by rendering 
every possible perspective of the user.



3      TECHNOLOGY

22

Ethereum Smart Contracts will be used to ensure ownership 
rights of virtual real estate assets and custom 3D items created 
by users. Various transactions between users or businesses will 
be conducted, like purchasing goods or services, and regulations 
for various entities will be enforced and implemented (like 
communities DAO).

Ethereum EVM is the most widely adopted blockchain-based 
computing platform with smart contract functionality. The 
platform, however,  is designed in such a way that its dependency 
on Ethereum is minimal in order to enable fast migration (if 
necessary) to NEM or other Ethereum alternatives.

MARK.SPACE is going to use its own protocol for distribution of 
storage and rendering among participating nodes, while achieving 
full BFT tolerance  and protection from Sybil attacks. Reputation 
and incentivization approaches to stimulate fair behavior will be 
implemented.

LANGUAGES, PROTOCOLS, FRAMEWORKS

MARK.SPACE is going to utilize the following:

HTML5/Javascript SS3
Solidity
Ethereum JS
Web3.js
Mark.js (internal MARK framework)
IPFS
  
The web client is written in pure HTML5/Javascript SS3 to 
achieve maximum runtime speed. The client will be using 
Javascript libraries to enable smart contract functionality and for 
communication with peer nodes.
 
All Ethereum smart contracts will be written in Solidity language. 
Depending on how Ethereum is going to solve its scalability 
challenges (sharding is still not implemented) we may migrate 
our code to other platforms.

3.4.2



3      TECHNOLOGY

23

OTHER PLATFORM TECHNICAL DETAILS

Our current identification system is implemented using 3 keys:

User open key - users to get open information about the user;
User private key - private for each user, stored in browser 
localstorage and used for runtime user identification by the front-
end;
User fingertip - hidden system key used by the back-end and 
internode communication.

Users may choose to provide full identification or remain 
anonymous. Those willing to make sure that their ownership of a 
particular virtual real estate is tied to their ID should be providing 
full identification. In addition to the existing ID system, we are 
planning to use Keybase and other identity systems later, once 
they become available. 

VR Real Estate Exchange

Any VR real estate created by the user, from personal apartments 
to shops or even entire buildings could be offered for sale on 
MARK VR Real Estate Exchange. A user could create, for example, 
a RE sale smart contract to be processed by Ethereum EVM. Such a 
contract will be signed by the user, then processed and deployed. 
Transactions will get broadcast and, subsequently, confirmed. 
Clients will then pass it to one of the Data Servers. Another user, 
willing to buy this particular piece of real estate could review the 
contract and decide to make a purchase transaction by paying the 
price set in MRK tokens to the seller. The typical ethereum smart 
contract execution would follow.

Rental Contracts

P2P rentals are also governed by smart contracts written 
in Solidity. These contracts are self-enforcing agreements 
between two parties similar to regular rental transaction in 
real world. Such contract creation, deployment and execution 
is similar to sale contract described above. The platform is also 
going to have a more complex contract creation functionality, 
where a virtual real estate agency could get involved as one  
of the parties of the contact.

3.4.3



3      TECHNOLOGY

24

Advertising Engine

As the number of users is growing, we consider in-world 
advertising as one of the forms of monetization. Due to the 
complexity of such engines we consider using third party 
solutions developed specifically for VR ads. Right now we are in 
the process of provider selection. Once we have made a choice 
we will make an official announcement.

Distributed Rendering

Distributed rendering technology challenges
  
For smooth VR experiences there has to be < 12 milliseconds time 
between head movement and image appearing in front of the eyes. 
While this is challenging even on a device, to make this happen in 
a distributed environment it is even harder. Rendering all possible 
perspectives of a user is required in advance, but this comes with 
serious challenges, in terms of both required bandwidth and 
the amount of data payload. Both the internet bandwidth and 
computational resources of modern GPUs are constantly growing 
and what seems to be impossible today could be possible just 
by the time the technology itself is ready. Even in distributed 
environments, data storage is going to have a tendency of getting 
cheaper all the time. We have seen a lot of very similar challenges 
being resolved, so we don’t consider this an obstacle that should 
stop us from implementing our own rendering solution at the 
same time that others are also working on it. If someone solves 
the problem before us, we would be happy to use a third party 
solution. Today, multiple companies like SONM and Golem are 
working on creating a solution for distributed rendering.

Solution

To address the issues of rendering speed in a distributed 
environment, we will be using the following approach: All available 
miner’s machines/farms will be given certain short computational 
test tasks to discover both their computational capacity and 
speed round trips. Only those satisfying the requirements 
would be able to join the network and make money by providing 
resources. A decentralized approach has its pluses and minuses 
compared to its centralized counterpart. Miner networks today 



3      TECHNOLOGY

25

are becoming very impressive in size and scale; therefore it would 
be quite possible that a miner farm in proximity of less than 5 
km will be rendering your experience within MARK.SPACE, in 
which case it will become very  similar to centralized solutions 
in terms of performance. One of the significant advantages of 
MARK technology is superb compression, which makes running 
everything smoothly even on very weak devices possible. This 
will be helping us a lot when developing our own distributed and 
decentralized rendering solutions.

From all distributed computing use cases, rendering is actually 
one of the easiest to implement. An output of a 360° camera 
is easy to decompose to a 3D scheme which, in turn, is further 
decomposed into single frames. Every frame is then again 
decomposed into pixels. Each pixel could be rendered separately 
independent of other pixels. The simplistic description of 
rendering is casting a ray from a particular position to determine 
intersections of a ray with the objects’ surface. Each GPU today 
used in mining rigs have 3000+ parallel stream processors. 
Thousands of such GPUs working in parallel could render any 
3D scene in subseconds time.



3      TECHNOLOGY

26

Miner rigs would be used in two roles “Scheduler” and “Worker”. 
A Scheduler would assign the rendering of a pixel or group of 
pixels to workers, collect the results and pass it back to the client. 
Since the environment is trustless, the Schedulers would have to 
put a deposit as a security to guarantee honest behavior. There 
will be redundancy (x3) of repeating same rendering tasks by the 
Worker machines to make the system Byzantine Fault Tolerant. 
Rendering results will be checked against each other to make 
sure that rendering is successfully completed. Rating the system 
for both, Scheduler and Worker machines will be put in place.  
Nodes with good ratings would have a higher chance of getting 
more rendering jobs.

 

MARK.SPACE OBJECT SCRIPTING LANGUAGE - MOSL

One of the most powerful features of the MARK platform is the 
ability to create any custom objects, interactive software components 
or even entire spaces like a store within MARK Shopping District 
completed with desired functionality. This is achieved by using the 
language we have developed specifically for this purpose.

3.4.4



3      TECHNOLOGY

27

MOSL is a language similar to Javascript for creating objects 
within MARK.SPACE, allowing to implement:

Visual presentation of an object in 3D;
Movement of an object in 3D;
Visual effects of an object;
Showing content when interacting with an object;
Content control function when interacting with an object;
Custom functionality of an object;
  
MOSL allows not only to display objects in 3D spaces, but also to 
implement  particular use cases with an object as desired by the 
object creator. 
It allows to call API of personal objects directory, MARK.SPACE 
API, API of financial transactions using MRK tokens, rendering 
API, other APIs as well as third parties’ APIs.

Following is a short description of MOSL internals:

The reflection of 3D space is formed in the interface of a canvas 
container in the format of a WebGL library. This reflection is 
similar to a sphere with a 6-sided cubic scan. Also, separate 
containers of objects are formed (furniture, decor, items, avatars 
etc) and positioned in the space. Those containers are interactive 
and can respond to user requests.

Visualization code of these objects is generated in VRML/
X3D virtual reality modelling language (for non interactive 
objects without additional functionality or with some built in 
functionality) or in MOSL (for interactive objects with own unique 
functionality).

Then, objects’ code is interpreted in Mark Virtual Machine 
(MVM) and the sphere space containers and object containers 
are modified as a result.



4      ECONOMY

28

MRK TOKEN

MRK is a ERC20 standard token that will be issued on the 
Ethereum blockchain. MRK token will be used for all transactions 
across all MARK spaces. 

You could earn MRK tokens by:

Selling or renting your units or even buildings 
and entire neighbourhoods;
Selling your products or services;
Selling your custom 3D objects;
Selling ads;
Selling digital content;

Our goal is to enable as many economic interactions as possible. 
MARK.SPACE is modelled after the real world as well as its 
economy is modelled after the real-world economy.

MONETIZATION FOR COMMUNITY MEMBERS

Communities will have public wallets governed by DAO. 
Advertising is going to be one of the most significant sources of 
income for communities.

Various communities created on the MARK platform will have the 
opportunity to organize events. Community members will be able 
to participate in person through their avatars. By selling tickets 
to these events those elected by the community could cover the 
costs related to keeping the community alive and functioning. 
Community may choose to open its store within MARK Shopping 
District and sell various merchandise. For example Indie Rock 
community could sell CDs and mp3 recordings of community 
members which include various bands.

4       Economy
4.1

4.2



4      ECONOMY

29

Another example would be some open source project that is 
willing to create VR presence in order to engage in discussions 
and live communication with its member community. Such 
communities could advertise its MRK wallet address in order to 
accept donations to support further development of the product.

MONETIZATION FOR RESIDENTS

While the main purpose of MARK Residential District is to allow 
everybody to create their own virtual residence there are possible 
monetization options. For example, a person that is using Airbnb 
to rent out their apartment could virtualize it using a 360° camera 
(and a smartphone in the future) and place a link with the address 
on the Airbnb website.

The ability to virtualize your existing residence, coupled with 
real estate marketplace/rental functionality within the platform 
opens up an exciting opportunity to implement both P2P rental 
functionality and to tokenize properties. Competition with 
companies like Airbnb becomes possible. Airbnb today is a 29 
billion US-dollar company.

As freelancers in real life work from home, you could do the same 
in MARK.SPACE. If you are a freelance artist you could set up 
your personal exhibition and sell art-works.

If you are a blogger, VR takes blogging to a whole new level adding 
many capabilities to add all types of visual content to your blog 
and, once you have big audiences, sell ads on the platform.

MONETIZATION OF THE SHOPS

Selling digital content like music, videos, books, images as well 
as real merchandise in MARK Shopping District shops offers 
exciting opportunity for entrepreneurs around the world to be 
first to monetize on technology mature enough to finally allow 
fully operational VR stores.
Owners of brick and mortar stores could virtualize their stores 
in VR as a first step to allow potential buyers to see what their 

4.3

4.4



4      ECONOMY

30

store has to offer on the first stage to increase buyers traffic to 
existing location. And then on the second stage to create a fully 
functional store in VR.

We’ve perfected the technology for selling clothes in VR. 
Potential buyers just need to provide few measurements of their 
figure in order to guarantee a perfect fit. 

Early Token Sale participators have a unique opportunity to buy 
many units or even buildings to setup their own shops or entire 
shopping malls.

MONETIZATION FOR BUSINESSES

Having your existing office fully virtualized is helping to gain 
trust of your customers. Your office is the face of your company 
and most people prefer to deal with well established businesses 
that have been around for a long time. Your virtual office could be 
enhanced with banners promoting your services or products. It 
could also include talking bots. All these elements are going to 
increase the number of potential customers.
  
Any projects planning a Token sale can buy their units next to 
existing successful projects like SONM which has already set up 
an office in MARK Business District. You could visit the SONM 
office right now by launching our demo.

4.5



5      EXECUTIVE TEAM

31

YANA KONTOROVICH 
CEO & Founder

PhD in Economics
Entrepreneur, Investor

10-years experience in e-commerce, 
7 years of investing experience, 4 years in 

fashion industry

OLEG ERSHOV
Managing Partner

Marketing professional, Entrepreneur.
4 years experience in event marketing, 

8 years in Internet marketing. 
Launched projects: Monster Mania, Moda Mark.

DENIS POLULYAKHOV, 
Managing Partner

IT-entrepreneur with 9 years experience.
Founder of CARBYN Blockchain Group, 
CCO Moda Mark (fashion e-commerce), 

5       Executive Team

EVGENI MALKIN
Co-Founder and owner of 2 virtual 

spaces within the platform

Professional Hockey Player
3-times Stanley Cup Winner

2-times World Champion 



5      EXECUTIVE TEAM

32

VLADISLAV UTUSHKIN 
Marketer, Entrepreneur

10+ years of experience in active sales in TOP-
3 bank group. 5 years of experience in internet-

marketing. CEO & co-founder “RVR Project” 

ALEXANDER SHTANKOVSKY
Head of Developers, IT-developer

MSc in Mathematics. 27 years of experience 
in IT. Launched Project: Site Makers.

SIRUZ FARAMARZ
Head of VR & 3D Department

12 years of experience in 3D visualization 
production, 5 years in product design. 

Launched Projects: Mall Mark, Mark Space.

VLADIMIR SHLIAPIN
CTO

Entrepreneur, IT professional with 25 years
 of experience

Master’s Degree in Mathematics



6     CROWDSALE

33

SCHEDULE

Following the example set by the Ethereum foundation there 
is no cap on the amount of contributions that will be accepted 
by the foundation. We would like to allow wide participation 
not limited to insiders. A wide user base will promote the use 
of the platform and stimulate its future economy.

3 000 000 000 MRK tokens in total will be issued.

1.17 bln MRK tokens will be available during the crowdsale with 
the initial  1 MRK token price set to the equivalent of 0.10 USD  
in ETH or BTC.

Hard Cap: 77 300 000 USD

The crowdsale will be stopped as the hard cap reaches 77,3 mln 
USD,  while all unsold tokens will be transferred to the miner’s 
rendering fund (with a maximum of 200 mln tokens).

SOFT-CAP

MARK.SPACE Management has unanimously decided that the 
platform does not need a soft-cap, contrary to popular beliefs. 
The reason for this is the fact that MARK.SPACE already has 
existing agreements with such brands as  JLR, SONM, GAS, 
Desigual, Trussardi, Baldinini, Patricia Pepe, Liu-Jo, Dstrezzed, 
Satorisan and many others. Thanks to the token sale, we are able 
to move much faster and make our project even bigger.

TOKENS ON SALE
Сlosed pre-sale -  200 mln MRK tokens (min 300 ETH)
Open pre-Token sale - 250 mln MRK tokens
Token sale - 720 mln MRK tokens 

6       Crowdsale
6.1



6     CROWDSALE

34

CROWDSALE  SCHEDULE

The open pre-Token sale will commence on Oct 24, 2017 and will 
last until 17 Nov, 2017.

The Token sale will commence on Nov 21, 2017 and will last until 
21 Dec, 2017.

Maximum transaction size : 30 000 000 MRK (10 000 ETH). 

Contributions will be accepted in ETH, BTC and fiat currencies.

There will be an amount dependent bonus as depicted below:

Stage Discount % Tokens, mln USD, mln

Open pre-Token 
sale, min 0,001 

ETH
31.10. - 17.11.17 40 250 15,0

Token sale, min 
0,001 ETH 21.11. - 21.12.17 20 250 20,0

Token sale, min 
0,001 ETH 21.11. - 21.12.17 15 200 17,0

Token sale, min 
0,001 ETH 21.11. - 21.12.17 10 170 15,3

Token sale, min 
0,001 ETH 21.11. - 21.12.17 0 100 10,0

TOTAL ON SALE: 970 77,3



6     CROWDSALE

35

RECOMMENDED ALLOCATION

TOKEN ALLOCATION

Tokens on SALE - 39%

Products Cross Sale Liquidity Fund

MARK.SPACE will have system participants selling their goods 
and providing services. The payment for goods and services 
will be done through various online payment methods, with 
both fiat and crypto currencies accepted. For the stability of our 
marketplace, we are setting up a Products Cross Sale Liquidity 
Fund with 570 mln. MRK. It will function in the following way: 
if users prefer to pay in fiat currency, it will be automatically 
converted to MRK according to the current exchange rate and 
sent to the seller. The seller may keep MRK or automatically 
convert to the fiat or other crypto of their choice. This means that 
both parties can transact in fiat if they wish so, which is important 

6.2

6.2.1

Tokens, mln Tokens Freezing time

CLOSED PRE-SALE FUND 200 6,67% 4 months

TOKEN SALE FUND 970 32,33% 2 weeks

MINERS RENDERING FUND 675 22,50% 6 months

CROSS SALE LIQUIDITY 
FUND 570 19,00% 3 months

CORE TEAM 300 10,00% 12 months

PARTICIPATORS 90 3,00% 12 months

ADVISERS 90 3,00% 12 months

ANGELS 90 3,00% 12 months

BOUNTY FUND 15 0,50% 1,5 months

TOTAL, mln: 3000 100,00%



6     CROWDSALE

36

to big multinational brands. MARK.SPACE is open to all type of 
companies and consumers. Alternatively, users can transact in 
other popular cryptocurrencies, such as BTC or ETH, without 
MRK. They can also opt to use MRK only or any combination of 
BTC, ETH and fiat currencies. Internally MARK. SPACE platform 
operates with MRK only, with every transaction being recorded 
on the blockchain. In order to support liquidity Products Cross 
Sale Liquidity Fund is required.  

Rendering fund

Computational resources amassed by cryptocurrencies miners 
could be used for decentralized rendering. Until the system 
will enter stable financial operational mode a certain period is 
required during which computational resources owners (miners) 
will be paid for their services from the fund. As new units/
buildings/spaces are created and sold to the public mining fund 
is going to be replenished.

Let’s elaborate on the CAP breakdown. We are aware of the 
concern that large funds are reluctant to participate in Token 
sale if less than 80% of tokens are going to the Token sale. It is, 
therefore, our conscious and informed decision to sell less. In 
order to create a large and lively community, we prefer to have 
as many small participators as possible. They are the ones who 
will breathe life into our Districts. 

TOKEN SALE FUNDS ALLOCATION6.2.2

Core team 4%

Participators 6%

Research 7%

Development 33%

Marketing 36%

Indirect (office, salary, legal, etc) 10%

Technology Infrastructure 4%



7     ROAD MAP

37

2015
May - June 
Idea formation, MARK.SPACE concept development
July - September 
Marketing research, hypotheses confirmation
October - December 
Functional requirements definition, team formation

2016
January - May 
Development of Alpha-version engine
June - August 
Launch and test of Alpha-version (Shopping district only)
September - November 
Launch and test of Beta-version (Shopping district only)
December 
Launch Road Show platform for fashion brands

2017
January - May 
Launch E-commerce platform  launch with fashion E-commerce 
proof of concept
June 
Launch Alpha-versions for Residential, Business and Community 
districts
June - July 
Development of concept and roadmap for decentralization of 
MARK.SPACE platform
August - September 
Selection of blockchain technologies  for MARK.SPACE platform
October 
Whitepaper announcement and pre-Token sale launch
November 
Token sale launch

7       Development Roadmap



7     ROAD MAP

38

2018
April 
Start virtual estate / UNIT sale
July 
Blockchain implementation
October 
Launch Residential district
December
Launch Business district

2019 
March 
Launch Shopping district
September 
Distributed rendering
December 
MOSL language available to developer

2020 
February 
Launch Community district
April 
Internal advertising network launch



Platform functionality that will be developed based on the 
amount of funds raised

< $5 
mln. 

$10 
mln. 

$20 
mln. 

$55 
mln. 

$75 
mln. 

Districts

Residential • • • • •
Virtualization of personal units in 360 mode, units and 
objects creation, an ability to publish links to personal 
units in social networks

Shopping • • • •
Shopping functionality, representation of goods in 3D, 
ability to see if clothing fits, ability to create virtual 
showrooms

Business • • • Virtualization of business offices in 360, real time negotiations feature.
Community • • Ability to form a community based on common interests
Education •
Entertainment •
Blockchain implementation

Unit registration • • • • • Unit is a space of defined size in Mark.Space, its ownership is recorded on blockchain once it’s created/sold.
Unit purchase • • • • • Units are bought for MRK
Unit sale • • • •
Unit rent • • • •
Registration of all 
transactions in MRK 
tokens 

• • • • •
Copyright 
verification •
Connecting of user 
servers • • • • •
Platform features

E-shopping platform • • • •
Connecting social 
networks to objects • • • • •
Binding domains to 
units • • • •
Changing unit 
privacy settings • • • • •
Voice control • • •
Text messages • • • • •
Voice messages • • •



< $5 
mln. 

$10 
mln. 

$20 
mln. 

$55 
mln. 

$75 
mln. 

Payment options

MRK tokens • • • • •
Mark.Space platform tokens used for system 
transactions, ERC20 token issued on Ethereum 
blockchain

Cryptocurrency • • •
Credit card • • • •
Integration of external VR services

Gaming •
Educational •
Entertainment •
Visualization capabilities 
of internal units

Adding 3D objects • • • •
Ability to create custom 3D objects or elements of 
interior, ability to load objects/images created outside of 
Mark.Space

Uploading of 
interiors for units 
(360 or 3D)

• •
Creating 3D objects 
(MOSL based) • •
Unit infrastructure of visual/audio effects
Time & date 
customization • • •
Uploading custom 
appearance of units • •
Weather 
customization •
Sound effects • • • • •
Playlists integrated 
in units • • •
Technical possibilities

MOSL programming 
language • • •

MOSL - MARK.SPACE Object Scripting Language - 
Platform own scripting language which allows to create 
any custom objects within Mark.Space system

Distributed 
rendering • •
Security breach 
resistance • • • • •
Wiretapping 
protection (voice 
messages)

• • •
R&D (VR, AR, MR, 
Blockchain, MOSL, 
IPFS etc)

•



< $5 
mln. 

$10 
mln. 

$20 
mln. 

$55 
mln. 

$75 
mln. 

Smartphone Apps
Creation of 
customized 
panoramas (360) 

• •
Creation of 
customized objetcs • • • •
Multiplatform-use
Browsers (Chrome, 
Safari) • • • • •
- Desktop • • • • •
- Tablet • • • • •
- Smartphone • • •
- TV • •
- VR • •
Multilanguage

- english • • • • •
- japanese • • • •
- chinese • • • •
- russian • • • •
- german • • •
- french • • •
- portugese • •
- spanish • •
Marketing

Marketing budget 2,50% 5% 10% 20%

Internal advertising network
- Unit 
advertisements • • • •
- External website 
advertisements 
(objetcs)

• • •
- Distribution of 
advertising revenue 
of Communities 

• •
Traffic attraction 
through third-party 
advertising services

•
Partnership 
programs • •
Marketplace • • •



< $5 
mln. 

$10 
mln. 

$20 
mln. 

$55 
mln. 

$75 
mln. 

Business
Identity and 
Authentication • • •
Document flow • • •
Smart-Contracts • • •
CRM • • •
Labor exchange • • •



JOIN US AND STAY TUNED

www.markspace.io

http://www.markspace.io
http://www.facebook.com/markspace.io
http://www.linkedin.com/company/18282815/
http://twitter.com/markspaceio
http://t.me/markspaceio

