










































Whitepaper 2.1



Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

Contents

1.0 Abstract 4

2.0 Letter from the CEO
Dr Abdullah Albeyatti    5

3.0 Executive Summary 6

4.0 Introduction - The Healthcare of Today 7

5.0 Medicalchain Solutions - 12
The Healthcare of Tomorrow

6.0 Technical Explanation 13

7.0 A Better System for Care 20

8.0 Token Utilities 25

9.0 Cost Impact Analysis 28

10.0 Token Sale 30

11.0 Timelines 31

12.0 MedToken and Legal Crowdsale 36



Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reservedCopyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved 3

Disclaimer

PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY.  
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD 
TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, 
OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).

The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does 
not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. While we 
make every effort to ensure that any material in this whitepaper 
is accurate and up to date, such as products, services, technical 
architecture, token distribution, company timelines - such 
material could be subject to change without notice and in no way 
constitutes a binding agreement or the provision of professional 
advice.

Medicalchain does not guarantee, and accepts no legal liability 
whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy, re-
liability, currency, or completeness of any material contained in 
this whitepaper. Potential MedToken holders should seek ap-
propriate independent professional advice prior to relying on, or 
entering into any commitment or transaction based on, material 
published in this whitepaper, which material is purely published 
for reference purposes alone. MedTokens will not be intended to 
constitute securities in any jurisdiction. 

This whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer 
document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer 
of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any 
jurisdiction. Medicalchain does not provide any opinion on any 
advice to purchase, sell, or otherwise transact with MedTokens 
and the fact of presentation of this whitepaper shall not form the 
basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or in-
vestment decision. No person is bound to enter into any contract 
or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase 
of MedTokens, and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment 
is to be accepted on the basis of this whitepaper.

KPMG
KPMG has been one of our earliest advisors who helped  
Medicalchain to navigate Switzerland’s legal framework. They 
helped Medicalchain to draft the legal structure for the launch of 
the Medicalchain token, coordinated contacts with the regulatory 
authority, obtained the tax ruling before the launch of the token 
sale and supported Medicalchain in drafting the legal opinion 
(both legal and regulatory) and in finalizing the legal aspects re-
lated to the whitepaper. Finally, they are managing the tax ruling 
before the authority.



Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved 4

1.0 Abstract

Thank you for taking the time to read the Medicalchain Whitepaper. 
This paper is the result of collaboration between doctors, allied 
health professionals, blockchain specialists, academics and 
business advisors.

Medicalchain enables the user to give healthcare professionals 
access to their personal health data. Medicalchain then records 
interactions with this data in an auditable, transparent and secure 
way on Medicalchain’s distributed ledger. 

Lastly, Medicalchain is a platform for others to use to build 
applications that complement and improve the user experience. 
Users will be able to leverage their medical data to power  
a plethora of applications and services.

Medicalchain Whitepaper 2.1 will outline the vision of  
Medicalchain and the current issues in healthcare, as well as 
give a brief summary of the blockchain technology used and how 
Medicalchain is utilising it to address specific issues to make 
healthcare better for users. 

Medicalchain uses blockchain technology to create 
a user-focused electronic health record whilst 
maintaining a single true version of the user’s data.



5Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

2.0 Letter from the CEO

Dear Reader,

Thank you for taking the time to research Medicalchain and read our Whitepaper. 
This has been a culmination of hard work and dedication from all of the team here 
at Medicalchain and we would like to proudly share our vision with you all.

As a medical doctor, I have worked long hours whilst managing expectations and 
multitasking in order to satisfy tight deadlines. Despite such experiences, nothing 
had prepared me for the challenge of growing Medicalchain from the ground 
up. I could not have done this without the support of my Co-Founder and COO;  
Mo Tayeb. Working side by side, we have selected the finest individuals to join our 
team to become, what we now know as Medicalchain. 

Our team is a unique one: a perfect blend of clinicians, engineers, developers and 
visionaries from the world over. We have nine different nationalities representing us, 
each bringing with them their own personal views and experiences of healthcare in 
their respective countries.

The Medicalchain team have the drive and commitment to improve healthcare for 
those who need it most - the patients. 

We enact this mission by empowering patients with the tools to engage in a more 
comprehensive healthcare experience, such as accessing their own records on their 
mobile device, or conducting a consultation via webcam with a doctor anywhere in 
the world, and by doing so, we can improve people’s lives. 

It has been an amazing journey so far, and we are fortunate to have such strong 
support from the community who has helped to drive us onwards in developing this 
platform. We are only at the beginning and I truly believe the most exciting times lie 
ahead. Please continue to follow and support us here at Medicalchain, so that we 
can truly make a difference in the healthcare industry.

Best wishes,

Dr. Abdullah Albeyatti
Medicalchain CEO and Co-Founder

Our mission is to improve care for people by placing 
the patient at the centre of the digital transformation 
of healthcare.



6Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

3.0 Executive summary

Medicalchain is a decentralised 
platform that enables secure, fast 
and transparent exchange and 
usage of medical data. We use 
blockchain technology to create 
a user-focused electronic health 
record and maintain a single true 
version of the user’s data. 

Medicalchain will enable users to give conditional 
access to different healthcare agents such as 
doctors, hospitals, laboratories, pharmacists and 
insurers to interact as they see fit.

Each interaction with their medical data is auditable, 
transparent and secure, and will be recorded 
as a transaction on Medicalchain’s distributed 
ledger. During this process, the patient’s privacy is 
protected at all times. Medicalchain is built on the 
permission-based Hyperledger Fabric architecture 
which allows varying access levels; users control 
who can view their records, how much they see and 
for what length of time.

By empowering users, we can build the future of 
healthcare together. Medicalchain will be a platform 
for other digital health applications to develop on; 
users will be able to sign for these applications and 
services which are powered by their health data and 
secured by smart contracts. Medicalchain is currently 
developing two applications to work alongside 
the platform: a doctor-to-patient telemedicine 
application and a health data marketplace. 

The telemedicine application will enable users to 
consult a real doctor remotely (for example, on their 
phone) for a small fee payable directly to the doctor.

The Marketplace enables Medicalchain users to 
negotiate commercial terms with third parties for 
alternative uses or applications of their personal 
health data. For example, putting forward their data 
to be used in medical research. It is intended that 
Medicalchain and others will contribute many more 
applications to the platform - helping bring value to 
all stakeholders. 

Medicalchain’s platform will be powered by 
“MedTokens”. We are issuing 500 million tokens, 
which will be distributed at a rate up to 1 token to 
$0.25 USD in ETH and/or BTC. These will be offered 
in a crowd selling process commonly known as  
an “ICO” or “Initial Coin Offering.” 

The contribution period will follow our pre-sale and 
begin on February 1st 2018. More details on our ICO 
can be found below on page 31.



7Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

4.0 Introduction to the 
Healthcare of Today

4.1 Expectations of Healthcare Users

In today’s world, users expect an instantaneous and seamless 
flow of data. Many industries have adopted, or are beginning 
to adopt necessary technologies to guarantee their users’ 
expectation for instant information. Unfortunately, the healthcare 
industry has lagged behind. Legacy systems are burdensome, 
slow, often vulnerable and have little role for the patient.

4.2 Fragmented Health Services

Health data contained in legacy systems is siloed and difficult to 
share with others because of varying formats and standards. In 
short, the current healthcare data landscape is fragmented and 
ill-suited to the instantaneous needs of modern users. As a result 
of this, stakeholders are incentivised to keep their own records, 
and no single version of the truth exists.

4.3 Lack of Patient Centricity (passive user)

The relationship between healthcare professionals and patients 
has long been a paternalistic one. In recent times, however, there 
has been a significant shift of authority.

Medicine is being democratised and 
patients are more empowered. 

It is now considered reasonable to seek a second opinion and 
patients are expected to contribute to decisions made about 
their treatment choices.  

Even in single-payer system like the UK’s National Health Service 
(NHS), patients have the right to choose where and when they 
receive their care. Thus, with patient mobility comes the need for 
information mobility. In order to be provided with the best care 
patients not only can, but must have control over their own data.



4.4 Ill-informed Clinical Decision 
Making (data driven decision making
risk of fatalities)

Clinicians rely upon investigations and tests to make 
informed decisions about a patient’s diagnosis 
and possible treatment plan.  
Traditionally, an investigation or 
test should only be requested 
and arranged if this is going 
to lead to a different possible 
diagnosis or alternative treatment 
plan. Unfortunately, even when 
the results of an investigation 
or test have returned, these are 
rarely shared widely with all of 
the health professionals involved 
in the patient’s care and are 
normally isolated, or siloed, at the 
institution which requested them 
originally. 

The patient’s quality of care 
suffers as a result of this. Other 
institutions are not aware of a 
patient’s complete history and in 
turn, this could lead to incorrect 
decision making, delays, and 
unnecessary costs for the patient 
or health institution. In the worst 
case, these medical errors can be fatal. 
Research at the American Johns Hopkins Hospital 
by Makary et al, 2016 concluded that medical errors 
are the third leading cause of death in the United 
States and that “most errors represent systemic 
problems, including poorly coordinated care.”

4.0 Introduction to the Healthcare of Today

Suicide

Kidney Disease

Flu/pneumonia

Diabetes

Alzheimer's

Stroke

Accidents

Respiratory Disease

Medical Error

Cancer

Heart Disease 614.348

591,699

251,454

147,101

136,053

133,103

93,541

76,488

55,227

48,146

42,773

Death in the United States
Johns Hopkins University researches estimate 
that medical error is now the third leading cause 
of death. Here’s a ranking by yearly deaths.

Source: National Center for Health Statistics, BMJ

8Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

Figure 1: Table showing yearly death rate as per 
Johns Hopkins University research in 2016



Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved 9

4.5 Security Risks to Patient Data

At present, electronic health records (EHR) are stored on cen-
tralised databases in which medical data remains largely non-
portable. Centralization increases the security risk footprint, 
and requires trust in a single authority. Moreover, centralised 
databases cannot ensure security and data integrity, regardless 
of de-identification and controlled access requirements. Cen-
tralised health databases are legally a requirement and necessity 
in most countries worldwide and therefore require an added layer 
of technology to improve their portability and security.

As cybercrime around the world is on the rise, healthcare systems 
are no exception as shown by recent high profile ransomware 
hacking. In fact, the healthcare industry has more data breaches 
than any other sector and medical records are being stolen and 
passed on.

“Your medical information is worth 
10 times more than your credit card 
number on the black market.”

Data security is paramount due to the increased sensitivity of 
medical data. This was highlighted in early 2017 when a cyber 
attack struck healthcare institutions around the globe. This 
highlighted to the public the vulnerability of our healthcare 
systems to potential threats and a sober warning regarding the 
inadequacies of the current infrastructure. 

Many have tried to overcome this issue, and it is high on the 
agenda of governments and a source of frustration for both 
doctors and patients. A significant component of the challenge 
focuses on data security.

4.0 Introduction to the Healthcare of Today

Figure 2: Technology News, Reuters, September 24th 2014

Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved



10Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

4.6 Lack of Transparency

4.61 Increasing Costs

For patients and professionals, the present system 
is incredibly slow, inflexible and woefully opaque. 
These problems are equally visible throughout the 
claims process. When a patient needs services 
(from a provider such as a general practice,  
a pharmacy or nursing home), health plans are 
used to determine how much of the cost they will 
pay. In order to determine this cost, the health plan 
must validate services received from the provider 
against the agreement the patient and health plan 
have, and then share their findings with the provider. 
This only occurs if the provider is “in-network” 
with a health plan. For a provider to be considered 
in-network, a complex agreement needs to be 
negotiated which adds a significant expense to 
the provider’s administration costs. One part of 
these costs are Billing and Insurance Related (BIR) 
costs which include activities such as maintaining 
benefits databases and keeping records of services 
delivered. BIR costs are projected to reach $315 
billion dollars by 2018 and take up to 3.8 hours for 
the average physician to navigate.

On average, this whole process takes between one 
to two weeks if done electronically and takes three 
to five weeks by paper.  Moreover, this process 
is rife with places for miscommunication and 
misunderstanding to occur. For care to actually 
take place, multiple people need to check multiple 
archaic agreements against multiple records. The 
result is an inefficient and opaque process that 
leaves stakeholders and, ultimately patients feeling 
confused and sceptical.
    

4.62 Insurance Fraud

Whether you have employer-sponsored health 
insurance or you purchase your own insurance 
policy, health care fraud inevitably translates into 
higher premiums and out-of-pocket expenses 
for consumers, as well as reduced benefits and 
coverage. For employers, this increases the cost of 
providing insurance benefits to employees, which 
then increases the overall cost of doing business. 
Moreover, the reality for many patients is that the 
increased expense as a result of fraud, could mean 
the difference between affording health insurance 
or not.

Fraud by design dictates that false information 
be represented as fact. A common healthcare 
fraud involves perpetrators who take advantage of 
patients, by entering into their health record false 
diagnoses of conditions they do not have, or of 
exaggerating conditions they actually do have. This 
is done so that fraudulent insurance claims can be 
submitted for payment.

“The total cost of insurance fraud is 
estimated to be more than $40 billion 
per year.”

FBI.gov

Unless this discovery is made early on, these false or 
exaggerated diagnoses become part of the patient’s 
documented medical history within the health 
insurer’s records if not in other databases as well.

4.0 Introduction to the Healthcare of Today



11Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

4.63 Record Tampering

Medical records are to be considered not only as 
medical documents, but also as legal documents. 
To pass off a rewritten record as contemporaneous 
is a criminal offence and any retrospective changes 
have to be clearly marked, dated and signed, and the 
reason for such changes clearly documented.

Altering existing medical records, removing records, 
or adding false records puts a healthcare pro-
fessional at risk of medicolegal repercussions. 
Disclosure of authentic and original clinical notes is 
essential when a claim is brought up, and failure to 
do so can make a claim indefensible.

4.7 Telemedicine Market

Healthcare costs are on the rise around the globe 
as societies struggle to deal with ageing pop-
ulations and the rising chronic disease burden.  
Current models of care delivery, particularly in 
places like the US and UK, are unsustainable. One 
trend combating increased costs has been the rise 
in digital health services. The value of the global 
digital health market was valued at $80 billion US 
dollars in 2015 and is expected to increase to over 
$200 billion by 2020 with a CAGR of 21%.

Digital health solutions such as Telemedicine will 
be critical for driving efficiency and reducing costs. 
The scope of Telemedicine covers referrals, second 
opinions, education, follow-up care, monitoring, di-
agnostics and treatments across numerous spe-
cialities.

Examples include Telecardiology, Teleradiology, 
Telepathology, Telepsychiatry, Teledermatology and 
others. Clearly there is a large market, and benefits 
include:

• Improved quality of care
• More time for doctor-patient interactions
• Improved access to consultation
• Reduced costs

The market is currently dominated by North America 
and Europe though highest growth is expected in 
India, China, and Japan in the next few years.
There are several challenges to full implementation: 

Unfortunately, most modern Telehealth systems are 
not integrated with the core financial and clinical 
systems used by healthcare organisations. Data 
remains within the Telehealth application and 
requires manual entry later into health records.

Digitisation promises much potential, but adding  
an additional silo without incorporating the in-
formation does not add value. In order to succeed, 
systems, devices, and data need to be seamlessly 
integrated. 

Privacy and security law issues must consider the 
management of data in non-traditional formats (for 
example, audio and/or video) and the sharing of 
data responsibilities encountered.

To minimize the privacy/security risk of Telehealth 
encounters, providers require reliable methods for 
verifying and authenticating the identities of the 
patient and practitioners. Blockchain solutions are a 
great tool to overcome these issues.

4.0 Introduction to the Healthcare of Today

In 2017, the global telemedicine 
market was estimated to be worth 
$23.8 Billion and is projected to 
exceed $55 Billion by 2021.



12Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved 12Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

5.1 Medicalchain Dual 
Blockchain

Medicalchain is built using a dual 
blockchain structure. The first 
blockchain controls access to 
health records and is built using 
Hyperledger Fabric. The second 
blockchain is powered by an 
ERC20 token on Ethereum and 
underlies all the applications and 
services for our platform.

5.2 Hyperledger Fabric

The Hyperledger blockchain net-
work is permission-based and 
requires users to sign up to use 
it. Permissioning on the network 
is controlled using Hyperledger 
modelling and access control 
languages. Hyperledger Fabric is 
a platform for distributed ledger 
solutions underpinned by a mod-
ular architecture delivering high 
degrees of confidentiality, resil-
ience, flexibility and scalability.

Medical information is often high-
ly sensitive, in both a social and 
legal sense, so a closed block-
chain such as Hyperledger Fabric 
helps to retain the necessary pri-
vacy required for such an applica-
tion. 

Hyperledger Fabric is a better 
solution for managing access to 
health records, as it accommo-
dates for multiple layers of per-
mission, meaning the owner of 
a set of data can control which 
parts of their data is accessed.

5.3 Ethereum and Smart 
Contracts

Ethereum is a digital platform 
where thousands of powerful 
computers around the world work 
in harmony to host the Ethereum 
network. Ethereum’s blockchain 
represents all accounts and 
transactions made by its users. 
Every time you send an Ether, the 
currency of Ethereum, to anoth-
er user, those computers act as 
accountants by verifying the va-
lidity of the transaction. Once the 
verification is approved by those 
“accountants” the money is then 
transferred to the other user, mak-
ing transfers secure, transparent 
and conflict-free.

Smart Contracts are code held 
and executed on the Ethereum 
blockchain. Anything that can 
be programmed normally can be 
programmed within the Ethereum 
network. 

Processes that normally require  
a professional or notary can 
be automated and validated by 
Smart Contracts in a wholly trans-
parent and secure way. For exam-
ple, the average physician spends 
3.8 hours weekly on billing and 
insurance related activity. Imag-
ine the cost savings if these pro-
cesses were conducted on Smart 
Contracts and validated by the 
Ethereum network. 

5.4 Medicalchain as a 
Healthcare Platform

Using blockchain technology, 
Smart Contracts, and our cryp-
tocurrency, Medicalchain pro-
vides the infrastructure for digital 
health applications and services 
to be built. These applications 
and services will be seamlessly 
powered by user’s health data. 
Anyone will be able to develop on  
Medicalchain’s platform and we 
hope to foster a thriving eco-
system to provide value, reduce 
costs, and ultimately improve 
people’s lives.

5.5 Identity management 
using Civic

Identity fraud is a 
massive problem in 
the world. 

Hackers steal identities and im-
personate users to incur huge 
costs on both users and business-
es. To combat this, Medicalchain 
has partnered with Civic and will 
use Civic’s user authentication 
services to easily and securely 
manage the identities of users in 
a decentralised way. Civic identi-
fies and verifies users using bio-
metrics, which provides a simple 
and safe way of ensuring user’s 
privacy.

5.0 Medicalchain Solutions:
The Healthcare of Tomorrow



13Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

6.1 Participants Definitions and Permissions

With a plethora of different actors, identity management and access to data is key 
to Medicalchain’s solution. A dynamic system has been developed that identifies 
actors and gives them the appropriate scope over a health record, contingent on 
the patient’s permission. Below are some examples of read/write permission:

6.2 Table: Read / Write Permission

Participant Permission

Practitioner • Read/Write on permissioned EHRs
• Request permission for other Practitioner/

Institutions to gain Read/Write access

Patient • Read their EHR
• Permission a Practitioner/Institution to 

Read/Write EHR or a portion of their EHR
• Revoke permission from 

Practitioners/Institutions
• Permission next of kin/emergency 

contact to Read/Grant permission
• Write certain attributes to EHR

◊ Amount of tobacco consumed daily
◊ Alcohol consumed weekly
◊ Weekly exercise

• Ability to integrate IoT data into EHR

Research institution • Read permissioned EHRs

6.0 Technical Explanation



14Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

6.3 Encryption Cryptography

To ensure privacy, health records are encrypted 
using symmetric key cryptography. The record 
will be encrypted and stored in a data store within 
the appropriate regulatory jurisdiction. The sym-
metric key will be encrypted with the public key of  
a 2048-bit RSA key pair. Each time an entity is given 
permission to access the patient’s record: 

1. The record is decrypted with the owner’s private 
key

2. The symmetric key is encrypted with the public 
key of the authorised user 
If a user is authorized to access a health 
record and requests access then the following 
process takes place:

1. The private key of the requesting user is used to 
decrypt the symmetric key for the EHR

2. The decrypted symmetric key is used to decrypt 
the patient’s EHR 

In the case that a participant’s access is removed 
from a health record:

1. The symmetric key is decrypted with the private 
key of the owner of the EHR

2. The EHR is decrypted using the symmetric key
3. The record is re-encrypted with a new 

symmetric key
4. The symmetric key is encrypted with all the 

remaining authorised users’ public keys

0x e3b0c4

Hash
Comparison

Ledger

Flagged if 
compromised

Hash on ledger and hash of stored
object compared

If hashes match data is
served to user

Data Object called 
from storage and unencrypted

Data Object encrypted
and stored in secure data store

Hash of object stored 
on ledger

Stored Object

Original Data 
Object

Hashing Algorithm

Stored
Object

Secure Data Storage

Input Data Object

Verified Data Sent
To Requester



15Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

6.0 Technical Explanation

6.4 Transactions

Any interactions with health records are recorded as transactions on the network. 
Transactions are viewable only to the participants associated with the transaction. 

Here are examples of how transactions take place on Medicalchain.

Patient Granting Access

• Patient A grants access to EHR to Practitioner A
• Practitioner A’s ID is added to Patient A’s authorized asset on the ledger 
• Patient A’s ID is added to Practitioner A’s authorized asset on the ledger
• The Symmetric key for the EHR is decrypted with Patient A’s private key
• Symmetric key is then encrypted with Practitioner A’s public key

Patient Revoking Access 

• Patient A revokes access from Practitioner A
• Practitioner A’s ID is removed from Patient A’s authorized asset 
• Patient A’s ID is removed from Practitioner A’s authorized asset
• Patient A’s private key is used to decrypt Symmetric 

key for EHR which is used to decrypt the EHR
• The EHR is encrypted with a new Symmetric key
• The new Symmetric key is encrypted with Patient A’s public key 

and the public keys of all the remaining IDs that have permission

Practitioner Referring Patient 

• Practitioner A updates the permissions to allow Prac-
titioner B to access the Patient’s EHR.

• Chaincode will check that Practitioner A has permission on the EHR.
• Practitioner A uses its private key to decrypt the EHR’s symmetric key
• Practitioner B’s public key is used to encrypt the Symmetric key
• Practitioner B’s ID is added to Patient A’s authorized asset
• Patient A’s ID is added to Practitioner B’s authorized asset



16Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

6.0 Technical Explanation

6.5 Data Structure

Hyperledger’s modelling language will be used to define the domain model for the 
network. Below are some examples from the .CTO file of how models will be defined 
and stored on the chain.  These are subject to change depending upon different 
regulations and requirements in order to make the Medicalchain platform HIPPA 
and GDPR compliant.

Participants

Patient
Variable Type Variable Description
String ID A unique string (128-bit UUID)
Asset PersonalDetails Structure defined in asset
String (Array) authorized Array of all participants ID’s that have 

been authorized to read EHR
Asset MedicalRecord Structure defined in asset

Practitioner
Variable Type Variable Description
String ID A unique string (128-bit UUID)
Asset PublicProfile Structure defined in asset
String (Array) Patient Array of all participants ID’s that have 

been authorized to read EHR
Asset MedicalRecord Structure defined in asset



17Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

6.0 Technical Explanation

Assets

Personal Details
Relationship: Patient (Participant)

Variable Type Variable Description
String ID Unique ID for asset
String FirstName User’s given name
String Last Name User’s last name
String EmailAddress User’s email used to sign up
Int Dob Unix timestamp of DOB
concept Address Defined in Concepts section
Super-Type Owner Extends Patient (Participant) asset

Practitioner’s public profile
Relationship: Practitioner (Participant)

Variable Type Variable Description
String ID Unique ID for asset
String FirstName User’s given name
String Last Name User’s last name
String EmailAddress User’s email used to sign up
Int Dob Unix timestamp of DOB
concept Address Defined in Concepts section
String Identification ID The assigned number the Practitioner was 

given when registered with practice 
Array Qualification Qualifications Practitioner holds 
String Image Url Pointer to Practitioners image
Super-Type Owner Extends Practitioner (Participant) asset



18Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

Medical Record

Variable Type Variable Description
String ID A unique string (128-bit UUID)
Super-Type Owner Extends Patient (Participant) asset
Super-Type Author Extends Practitioner (Participant) asset
Array Permissions Array of Participant IDS
String File Hash SHA-256 hash of the latest version of the file
Float Version Int increments every time a file is updated
String Pointer This points to where the file is in 

storage outside of the blockchain

Concepts

Address
Variable Type Variable Description
String Number Number/name of building
String Street A unique string (128-it UUID)
String City Extends Patient (Participant) asset
String Country Extends Practitioner (Participant) asset
String Postal/zip code Area code

6.0 Technical Explanation



19Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

6.0 Technical Explanation

6.6 Permission Definitions
Hyperledger Fabric includes an access control language (ACL), which defines access 
over the elements of the .CTO domain model above. By defining ACL rules we are 
able to control which resources participants have access to on the network’s domain 
model. Some examples of these access rules are shown below: 

6.7 Medicalchain API Platform
Medicalchain will offer an API that will permit third parties to obtain and interact with 
EHRs with the user’s permission. All endpoints available in the UI will be available to 
developers. We hope to cultivate a robust ecosystem of applications and services.



20Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved 20Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

7.0 A Better System for Care

7.1 User Control

In the current healthcare system, 
patients have their health in-
formation spread over multiple 
systems, hospitals, networks and 
potentially countries. 

There are multiple fragmented 
records from the same patient, 
held at different institutions 
all with their own snapshot of 
the patient’s health at the point 
of their interaction with them, 
such as blood tests, imaging 
and clinic letters. Medicalchain 
will chronologically arrange all 
of these records and filter them 
into the specific categories 
above to aid data handling. Such  
a categorisation would make the 
records more accessible and un-
derstandable for patients and it 
will also facilitate researchers 
in searching for the information 
relevant to them.

The user will have the capability to 
provide differing levels of access 
to various users, by assigning a 
set of access permissions and 
designating who can query and 
write data to their blockchain, and 
for how long.

Approved clinicians on the  
Medicalchain platform will have 
the ability to ‘read and write’ on 
the patient’s records. Moreover, 
the Medicalchain platform will 
provide the users with a full log of 
who has access to their medical 
data, the time of access and the 
particular types of data that can 
be accessed.

7.2 Data Security

The Medicalchain system uses 
a double encryption mechanism 
on a closed, permission-based 
blockchain. 

The security of health records is 
secured beyond any centralised 
data system currently in use. 
Patient data is not accessible 
directly on the blockchain. 

The blockchain acts as a pointer 
to where patient data is held in an 
encrypted format, meaning that 
anyone attempting to intercept 
patient data will be unable to 
with the ease that is required 
to access data existing in any 
central location.

Medicalchain provides the 
user, being the owner of their 
own medical records, full 
access and control over their 
data.



21

7.3 User Centric Model

In the current healthcare system, patients have their health in-
formation spread over multiple systems, hospitals, networks 
and potentially countries. There are multiple fragmented records 
of the same patient, held at different institutions with their own 
snapshot of the patient’s health during their interaction with them 
such as blood tests, imaging, and clinic letters. Medicalchain will 
order and filter all of these records into a chronological order and 
the specific categories above to aid data handling. Such cate-
gorisation would make the records more accessible and under-
standable for patients, and also facilitate researchers in seeking 
out the information important to them.

7.4 Health Data Revolution

Bold companies like 23 and Me, Fitbit, Apple, Nest, and Qardio 
are rapidly innovating to expand the frontier of the data that is 
collectable. We already have remarkable access to anatomic, 
biological, environmental, genomic, phenomic and physiologi-
cal data. New ideas and technologies will only move this fron-
tier further. If we can connect these disparate data sources, then 
caregivers and researchers will have unprecedented insight into 
patient’s lives. Ultimately this will lead to lowered costs, better 
patient outcomes and better research.

Medicalchain wants to be at the forefront 
of this revolution and will seek to integrate 
as many sources of health data to its 
platform as possible.

Medicalchain will start by integrating with Apple HealthKit and 
common wearables, before moving to add support for diagnostic 
tests, IoT, and other digital health. Patients and their doctors will 
have the ability to view this data along with their electronic health 
record.

7.0 A Better System for Care

Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved



22Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

7.0 A Better System for Care

7.5 Patient Safety

A patient can generally grant or decline healthcare 
professionals access to their records. However, in the 
event of an emergency and with the patient incapacitat-
ed, there must be an ability to view certain information 
in order to provide the best possible care.

The most vital information needed in an emergency 
would be the patient’s name, their next of kin, medica-
tions, allergies and any advanced decisions they may 
have made. Patients using the Medicalchain platform 
will have the ability to select in advance which areas of 
their records can be viewed in an emergency situation. 

In the case that the patient is incapacitated or uncon-
scious and unable to grant access to their records, the emergen-
cy bracelet the patient is wearing would be scanned to unlock 
this information. Two clinicians would have to agree that given 
the situation, access to this information without the patient’s ex-
plicit consent was clinically in the patient’s best interest. To be 
clear, a patient’s entire record would not be unlocked, but only 
information that would be vital in an emergency situation and the 
patient had prior agreed to sharing in such a situation.

To unlock this information, two doctors would need to scan the 
emergency bracelet the patient is wearing, or their wearable de-
vice which would unlock access to these key parts of their med-
ical records.

This would enable clinicians to provide the best care possible to 
a patient in an emergency situation based on their pre-authorised 
sample of relevant data.

Medicalchain has also developed a backup access 
system for emergency situations, ensuring patient 
safety at all times.



7.61 Clinical Communication

Along with increased access to emergency 
information, Medicalchain allows clinicians 
to communicate with each other with ease. 
When an authorised healthcare professional 
updates a patient health record, the system 
will update that record on Medicalchain.  
Any clinician with authorised access to that 
record will see the update in real time.

As health records are updated via  
Medicalchain for all authorised parties, there is no 
need for patient data to be manually transferred 
from system to system. Medicalchain will be 
usable in any browser on any computer. 

As a result, any doctor with a browser and an internet connection 
will be able to access the users’ documents shared with them. 
Issues currently associated with interoperability are resolved 
this way and costs that are associated with the transportation of 
notes currently undertaken by junior clinicians or administrative 
staff are cut down on.

7.62 Borderless Health and Social Care

With the utilisation of data compliant storage nodes alongside 
borderless blockchain technology, the user will be able to 
transport their records with them as they travel. Healthcare 
services become borderless as telemedicine services allow 
users to interact with clinicians in other countries. This will be 
particularly beneficial for frequent travellers and those moving 
abroad who want to avoid the inconvenience of transferring their 
health records to their new provider.

Medicalchain has the vision of one day bringing its platform to 
developing nations around the world where there is less access 
to quality care. We believe the ability to carry your health in-
formation with you on a mobile phone is powerful.

7.6 Clinical Application

Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved 23



Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

7.7 Transparency

7.71 Patients / Users

In present-day healthcare, there is a lack of transparency between 
all parties involved. Patients have no immediate access to health 
records written by medical professionals. Medical professionals 
are only able to share data quickly within their own organisation 
or with other health professionals using the same EHR system. 
Insurance companies are kept in the dark, unless they request 
patient data which is required for a claim. Researchers are forced 
to seek anonymised data from multiple intermediaries, which is 
both costly and timely. The lack of transparency on how patient 
data is handled also leaves the user unaware of how their data is 
currently being used.

7.72 Health Insurance 
& Transparency Cost Benefits

Patients are unknowingly and in some instances, knowingly 
not disclosing their health conditions to insurance companies.  
As a result of this incorrect information, patients can pay 
incorrect premiums for years, only to discover that their claims 
are declined in the scenario they need to make one.

The verifiability and immutability of health records on 
Medicalchain’s platform allows insurance companies to make  
a more accurate assessment of an individual’s health and health 
premiums should reflect this. 

By allowing health insurers access to their 
health records, patients could be rewarded 
for their transparency in the form of lower 
premiums.

Moreover, patients could pledge to a set of health goals with their 
insurer and be rewarded as they reach milestones associated 
with those goals. As in turn, a healthier lifestyle works in favour 
of both the insurer and the patient.

24



8.1 MedToken

Once the patient has access to their own EHR this 
will enable the following key features to be used in 
conjunction with the Medicalchain platform:

8.2 Telemedicine Consultations

Telemedicine, an online consultation with a doctor 
and patient using a webcam interface, is set to be 
the future of consultations. Medicalchain not only 
provides this established and successful format 
of consultation, but will accommodate the doctor 
by enabling them to interact live with the patient’s 
records during the consultation. Patients would grant 
access to their records during the Telemedicine con-
sultations, allowing for a more in-depth, informative, 
and valuable experience for both the patient and 
doctor. 
There are also further benefits from the telemedicine 
experience which Medicalchain delivers.

Telemedicine platforms available today offer online 
visual consultations but do not have access to lon-
gitudinal health records. Medicalchain offers this 
unique value and provides patients with privacy 
controls. Patients will be able to choose the level 
of detail visible and allocate viewing rights to their 
chosen doctor for as long as they feel necessary. 

8.21 Patient Benefits

From the patient’s perspective, the time for seeking 
a consultation is massively reduced by removing 
the need to physically attend the doctor’s practice. 
There are many simple ailments that are currently 
managed over the telephone, but by providing  
a Telemedicine component we can improve the 

patient’s experience by facilitating a visual con-
sultation which would be more in-depth and 
beneficial to both the doctor and the patient. 

8.22 Clinician Benefits

To attend a doctor’s appointment requires a patient 
to cancel their work in advance or a take their child 
out of school for the appointment. There is then the 
waiting time at the clinic in order to see the doctor, 
often times for a simple request. Telemedicine 
provides the patient with the opportunity to select 
a specific time to conduct the consultation at their 
convenience, encouraging patient choice and 
freedom. Further, patients are able to choose which 
doctor they would like to conduct their consultation 
with offering greater choice and building a rela-
tionship between that doctor and patient, whereas 
perhaps logistically it would not have been possible 
beforehand if they were based in different cities.

8.0 Token Utilites

25Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

Patient controls access of records to doctors when 
conducting telemedicine consultation and pays the 
doctor for the consultation with MedTokens.



26Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

8.0 Token  Utilities

The doctor also reaps many benefits from utilising 
telemedicine by providing the clinician with  
a flexible working pattern allowing them to conduct 
consultations from any location with adequate 
internet connectivity. Medicalchain will provide the 
doctor access to the patient’s health record (with 
the patient’s permission) during the telemedicine 
consultation. This will also give the clinician the 
added confidence during the consultation that they 
are being provided with all of the information they 
require to suggest appropriate investigations and 
organise a treatment plan. 

8.3 Health Data Marketplace Control

As with the founding principal of Medicalchain, 
patients should have control over their health records, 
and they should also benefit from the potential 
value that they possess. Medicalchain will connect 
research institutions with users who are willing to 
have their health data used in studies in a health data 
marketplace. Users will be given clear information as 
to how their data is being used and what data will be 
required. In many cases anonymised data will be per-
missible, ensuring the privacy of everyone involved. 

In return, participants will be compensated in  
MedTokens. Patients will be given the ability to 
unlock the monetary value that their health data 
holds, they will be more engaged with their health 
conditions and the next generation of cutting-edge 
medicine will be empowered.

Pharmaceutical and research companies will 
also benefit from the changes brought in by  
Medicalchain. They will be able to seek out patients 
who have opted into being contacted by researchers 
so that these institutions can interact directly with 
the patient. By doing so, companies will no longer 
need to approach a hospital or clinic and can go 
straight to the people whose information will be 
used. Not only will this increase efficiency, but it is  
a more transparent process that strikes a rela-
tionship which is symbiotic and sustainable.

There would be a few broad categories of data 
leasing agreements though more are likely to evolve 
over time. Here are a few we envision:

• One time leasing. Institutions will use APIs 
provided by Medicalchain to pull relevant data 
from participants from our servers. 

• Longitudinal studies. Institutions that need to 
see data over a period of time will be able to ask 
users to stream their data. Example: how many 
steps users have walked per day or what their 
heart rate looked like today. 

• Collated data. Medicalchain would combine 
normally disparate data sources and provide 
easy access to these data sources with user 
consent.  

• Ongoing anonymised data offerings. Users 
could opt in to have their data anonymised and 
labelled as accessible to research institutions 
interested in it. Institutions would have  
the ability to filter by broad categories (e.g 
40-50 year old, 25+ BMI, male) and users would 
be paid every time their data is accessed.

Patient grants access of personal 
health data to researchers in return for 
incentivisation with MedTokens



8.0 Token  Utilities

8.4 Potential Insurance Integration

Users could allow health insurers access to their health records. 
In turn, insurers could rest assured that the information they are 
making decisions upon is trusted, verifiable and patients could be 
rewarded for their transparency in the form of lower premiums. 
Moreover, patients could pledge to a set of health goals with their 

insurer and be rewarded as they hit milestones associated with 
those goals. Regular weight and blood pressure measurement 
uploads, proof of therapy compliance and attendance at  
a gym might incentivise rewards from health insurers with lower 
premiums or rewarding users with MedTokens.

8.5 Powering Medicalchain’s Platform

Users will be able to pay for a variety of other applications and 
services that have been developed on Medicalchain’s platform. 
Integrations with a plethora of different healthcare sectors are 
possible and the above is only the beginning of the revolution 
that is coming.

Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved 27

Patient grants access to personal health data to insurance 
companies in return for incentivisation with MedTokens



28Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved 28Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

9.0 Cost Impact Analysis

9.1 Users

Whereas typically for a patient to gain access to 
their medical records, they would need to apply to 
their service provider and pay all associated admin-
istrative fees to have these released to them, with 
Medicalchain, the user would provide consent to 
have their data retrieved on their behalf, and stored 
free of charge on Medicalchain’s nodes. Once this 
has been carried out, the patient would then use the 
Medicalchain application to have a standardised, 
single point of access to those records at their 
discretion, eliminating the need for additional ad-
ministration fees. Should they lose this data, or need 
to send original, physical copies at any time, they 
would grant access to any requesting parties.

With transportable personal data, the risk is sig-
nificantly reduced if medical assistance is required 
away from a users healthcare provider. 

Utilising Medicalchain’s Teleconsultation platform, 
users would have dramatically decreased waiting 
times and costs associated with travel.

9.2 Clinicians

For Clinicians on-boarded onto the Medicalchain 
Clinicians using the Medicalchain platform would 
have immediate access to conduct Telecon-
sultations. This will provide an additional revenue 
stream, meaning they could practice without any 
overheads other than a computer with internet 
connection.

This availability would decrease the chance of 
cancellations due to patients being unable to 
physically attend a consultation. Cutting this variable 
out saves on facility expenses, administration costs 
and the need for additional staff.



Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

9.3 Healthcare Providers

There are a plethora of benefits to healthcare providers. First 
of all, they will benefit from having a more complete picture of  
a patient’s health condition. Medicalchain’s single true record will 
be the sole place providers would need to look for patient data, 
providing peace of mind and reducing time spent on gathering re-
cords. Moreover, providers would benefit from not having to con-
stantly invest to upgrade or upkeep their health record systems.

9.4 Researchers

Researchers would have the ability to reach a global audience 
of patients through Medicalchain’s health data Marketplace.  
This would increase the potential sample size used in research 
and improve the accuracy of the results. Costs would be reduced 
by simply pulling the relevant information from a participant’s 
health record, with their consent, instead of the burdensome pro-
cess of forming research groups and going through health pro-
viders for access to health data.

9.5 Insurers

Verifiable, immutable data, means that insurance companies will 
need to spend fewer man-hours checking data, that they can trust 
the data presented to them, both from the patient granting them 
access and likewise from the medical professional’s notation.

Similarly, if an insurance company wanted the patient to be com-
pletely transparent with them, in order to offer them an accurate 
premium based on their medical records. They would offer the 
patient MedTokens and/or offer a cheaper premium as an incen-
tive for their transparency.

9.0 Cost Impact Analysis

29



30Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

10.0 Token Sale

Medicalchain’s ICO will be a capped sale raising 
$24 million (24,000,000) equivalent of ETH and/
or BTC with whitelisted contribution caps. Medi-
calchain will be issuing 500 million (500,000,000) 
ERC20 tokens, called MedTokens, to create a new 
blockchain based healthcare ecosystem. 

These tokens will be offered in a Crowdsale to allow 
participants to purchase MedTokens early as well 
as contribute and support the further development 
of Medicalchain. Starting on 1st February, 2018, 
participants will have the ability to contribute and 
receive MedTokens in exchange for their ETH and/
or BTC by sending Ether to a designated address.

During the ICO MedTokens will be distributed at 
an exchange rate of 1 token = $0.25 equivalent in 
ETH and offered before this date at a discount in a 
pre-sale. 

Of these 500 million tokens... 

• 35% will be offered in the pre-sale and crowdsale. 

• 34% will be retained by the company, team, 
advisors, founders and future employees. Within 
this 34%... 

• 10% will have already vested.  

• 12% vests over 2 years.  

• 12% vests over 4 years.  

• Founders: 15% 

• Company development: 8% 

• Team, advisors, early backers: 11% 

• 31% will be retained for community development. 
Medicalchain will use these tokens to help grow an 
ecosystem on its blockchain by educating others, 
supporting node holders, bringing partners onto 
its platform, conducting pilots, and sponsoring 
industry leading events. This will vest over 4 years.

35%
31%

34%

500 million tokens issued

community development
crowdsale
retained by the company



31Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

11.0 Timelines

11.1 Medicalchain to date

The Story So Far

Work on Medicalchain started in 2016 when founder 
Dr. Albeyatti identified an issue with writing clinical 
notes on patients being discharged out of the 
hospital and having their care transferred back to 
their family doctor (general practitioner). These 
notes, known as “Discharge Summaries” contain  
a substantial volume of mandatory information 
that is often written in freeform text by the doctors.  
The notes are subject to errors. For example, doctors 
may forget to include vital medical information, such 
as the correct dosage or course of drug prescription. 
These errors put the patients’ wellbeing at risk, incur 
raised costs, and represent a liability for the hospital. 
To address this, Dr. Albeyatti co-founded Discharge 
Summary with Bara Mustafa. 

First deployed in Leeds Teaching Hospital Trust, 
UK, the tool was designed to generate accurate 
and timely notes when patients are sent home.  
Discharge Summary received a positive welcome 
and was adopted by junior doctors as well as con-
sultants and other healthcare practitioners. 

Discharge Summary, by improving communication 
and standardising data, demonstrated to Dr. Albeyatti 
the power of digital health to lower costs and 
improve outcomes. He sought to apply this insight to  
a broader problem: disparate health systems. 
 In short, documents are transferred, often on paper, 
to other organisations where the exchange of data 
results in no single version of the truth. Moreover, 
oftentimes IT systems are not interoperable; they 
cannot talk to each other let alone use each other’s 
vital data.

Dr. Albeyatti expanded the team by bringing  
Mo Tayeb, Jay Povey, Robert Miller as well as  
a combination of medical doctors, allied health 
professionals, and experts from the blockchain 
community. Together, the team has developed Medi-
calchain – complementing Discharge Summary and 
helping to build Dr. Albeyatti’s vision. 

Over the past few months, a flurry of work has been 
completed and Medicalchain has been featured 
at world-renowned forums such as the Financial 
Times Digital Health Summit, Blockchain Labo, and 
the Technology Innovation. The work to date has 
resulted in a public Beta, which will be released in 
February, as well as several key partnerships. One 
thing is for sure: Medicalchain is leading the way 
in blockchain applications in healthcare and digital 
health’s role in our daily lives. 

11.2 Current Developments

The proof of concept is in its final phase and 
the development is now focused on design and 
UX/UI experience.The core of the application,  
Medicalchain’s secure API and blockchain, is ready for 
the release of the Beta. The nodes setup and operated 
during the Beta are run by Medicalchain, but over time  
Medicalchain will include other nodes onto its 
network. Several of these conversations are 
underway already with hospitals, universities and 
non-profit organisations.

11.3 Collaborative Design

To enhance the user experience of Medicalchain 
a range of global advisors have been selected to 
work on specific use cases. Expert patients, doctors, 
health professionals, health providers, insurance and 
pharmaceutical companies will take part in system 
design consultation with blockchain developers.  
The Beta release with enable testing of each use 
case, with the trialling community providing feedback 
via the platform.



Conceptualisation of ideas. 
Development started on Discharge Summary

Cardiology department identified as 
good starting point to cultivate idea

Discharge Summary website launched

DS launched with Leeds Teaching Hospital trust

DS launched with Queen Elizabeth Hospital

DS launched with University Hospital Lewisham

Medicalchain joins Hyperledger and Linux Foundation

Medicalchain showcased at 
FT Digital Health Summit NYC Medicalchain is nominated top 10 in Europe 

for Accenture healthtech Challenge

Medicalchain is nominated top 20 in the 
world for H-Farm Health Accelerator Competition

First release of Medicalchain prototype

32Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

dec

apr

mar

feb

may

jun

jul

aug

sep

oct

nov

dec

feb

jan

jan

11.4 Roadmap



33Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

2019

DS launched with Princess Royal hospital

Medicalchain Emergency 
bracelet introduced into the pilots

Doctor and patient enrollment 
for Telemedicine application

Medicalchain establishing links 
with world class universities

China, Japan and South Korea 
Medicalchain pilots all completed and 
platform ready for worldwide launch

US and UK pilot completed and 
collected data and feedback analysed with 

improvements made to the platform

Wearable devices integrated 
into the Medicalchain platform

Phased roll out of fully 
functioning Medicalchain platform

Medicalchain set to present 
at European Parliament

Closed beta platform launch

Pilot to be launched in China, 
Japan and South Korea

apr

mar

feb

jan

jan

may

jun

jul

aug

sep

oct

nov

dec

feb

mar

11.4 Roadmap



34Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

11.5 Route to market

The identified actors that will require initial 
onboarding include: 

• Patients / Service Users
• Clinicians
• Non-Profit Node Services
• Research Institutes / Pharma

Expert patients have expressed great interest in 
the benefits of owning and managing their own 
health records. We are working with several dis-
ease-specific organisations to onboard experienced 
healthcare users to test the collation of data 
processes, alongside the user interface.

Medicalchain has several 
community campaigns running, 
on a variety of platforms to 
raise awareness of the project 
and the benefits of blockchain 
for healthcare users.

Communication platforms include:

• Global Events
• International Press Releases
• Sponsored Meetups
• Telegram
• Email Campaigns
• Linkedin
• Reddit
• Twitter
• Bitcoin Chat
• LINE
• WeChat
• Kakao Talk

Communication to users is focused on safety and 
security of patient data. Education on blockchain 
technology is seen as a priority, to raise awareness, 
gain trust and influence adoption of Medicalchain. 
Innovators and early adopters will be the primary 
target market for system trials. Influential users that 
witness the benefits of Medicalchain will be the main 
catalysts for further patient onboarding.
As we continue with awareness and onboarding 
campaigns, Medicalchain will offer a service where it 
will request healthcare records for consenting users. 
Our legal team are working with system developers 
to build API integration compliant with various in-
ternational regulations. We acknowledge that some 
countries may have barriers to the decentralization 
of data and we are working with others to negotiate 
these barriers.

The data migration process would require a user to 
complete a short form of consent, highlighting the 
providers they wish to obtain records from who they 
had previously visited.

Physical documents will be scanned and mined 
for information which will then be encrypted and 
uploaded to data lakes. Electronic records will be 
standardised, encrypted and uploaded.

Medicalchain is approaching clinicians individually 
and at an organisational level. This multilevel 
approach will allow for forward-thinking health 
providers to test the Medicalchain platform 
throughout their service but does not exclude in-
novative autonomous healthcare professionals. We 
will work alongside clinicians to test the pilot with 
consenting patients and assist providers with pa-
tient-targeted marketing material to improve user 
adoption.



Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

11.5 Route to market

The key incentives for clinical onboarding include:

Cost savings: Decreased need for repeat diagnostics, 
decreased administrative costs for record retrieval/
transportation, decreased risk of errors associated 
with inaccurate or unobtainable medical records.

Increased revenue: Access to global patients when 
completing chargeable telemedicine consultations 
complete with simultaneous up-to-date healthcare 
records.

Non-profit organisations with the required 
compliance documents and experience in handling 
sensitive data, will have the opportunity to partner 
with Medicalchain. Organisations will be incentivised 
to act as secure nodes for holding encrypted health 
data.

The key incentives for node onboarding include:

Financial incentivisation: MedTokens will be used 
to support the maintenance of the node as well as 
incentivise the hospital, university and/or non-profit 
organisation to continue acting as a node.

Public relations opportunity: To be a node for  
Medicalchain and part of an international community 
of healthcare providers.  An opportunity to be a leader 
in the future of healthcare and become involved in 
blockchain technology.

Research Institutes / Pharma
Medicalchain is currently in discussion with 
several large pharmaceutical and health research 
organisations. These organisations will have the 
ability to request data from cohorts of users on  
Medicalchain’s platform, and with their consent, use 
their health records for research. 

35



Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reservedCopyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

11.6 Looking forward

Medicalchain has ambitious goals for 
the future. 

We want to improve people’s lives by 
building the digital infrastructure for 
the healthcare of the future.

We’re looking for driven people or organizations 
to help us realize that vision. If you’re interested in 
joining our team or in building on your platform then 
please reach out to contact@medicalchain.com.

36

mailto:contact%40medicalchain.com?subject=


Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reservedCopyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved 37

12.0 MedToken Legal 
and Crowdsale

12.1 General Information

The MedToken does not have the legal qualification 
of a security, since it does not give any rights to 
dividends or interests. The sale of MedTokens is 
final and non-refundable. MedTokens are not shares 
and do not give any right to participate to the general 
meeting of Medicalchain SA. MedToken cannot 
have a performance or a particular value outside the  
Medicalchain SA network. MedToken shall therefore 
not be used or purchased for speculative or in-
vestment purposes. The purchaser of MedToken is 
aware that national securities laws, which ensure 
that investors are sold investments that include all 
the proper disclosures and are subject to regulatory 
scrutiny for the investors’ protection, are not ap-
plicable.

Anyone purchasing MedToken expressly ac-
knowledges and represents that she/he has carefully 
reviewed this white paper and fully understands 
the risks, costs and benefits associated with the 
purchase of MedToken.

12.2 General Knowledge

The purchaser of MedToken undertakes that she/he 
understands and has significant experience of cryp-
tocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and 
that she/he fully understands the risks associated 
with the crowdsale as well as the mechanism related 
to the use of cryptocurrencies (incl. storage).

Medicalchain SA shall not be responsible for any 
loss of MedToken or situations making it impossible 
to access MedTokens, which may result from any 
actions or omissions of the user or any person un-
dertaking to acquire MedTokens, as well as in case 
of hacker attacks.

12.3 Risks

Acquiring MedToken and storing them involves 
various risks, in particular the risk that Medicalchain 
SA may not be able to launch its operations and develop 
its blockchain and provide the services promised.  
Therefore, and prior to acquiring MedTokens, any 
user should carefully consider the risks, costs and 
benefits of acquiring MedToken in the context of the 
crowdsale and, if necessary, obtain any independent 
advice in this regard. 

Any interested person who is not in the position to 
accept or to understand the risks associated with 
the activity (incl. the risks related to the non-de-
velopment of the Medicalchain SA platform) or any 
other risks as indicated in the Terms & Conditions of 
the crowdsale should not acquire MedTokens. 

12.4 Disclaimer

This white paper shall not and cannot be considered 
as an invitation to enter into an investment. It does 
not constitute or relate in any way nor should be 
considered as an offering of securities in any ju-
risdiction. The white paper does not include nor 
contain any information or indication that might 
be considered as a recommendation or that 
might be used to base any investment decision.  
This document does not constitute an offer or an in-
vitation to sell shares, securities or rights belonging 
to Medicalchain SA or any related or associated 
company. The MedToken is just a utility token which 
can be used only on the Medicalchain SA platform 
and is not intended to be used as an investment.

The offering of MedToken on a trading platform is 
done in order to allow the use of the Medicalchain 
SA platform and not for speculative purposes. The 
offering of MedToken on a trading platform is not 



Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved 38

changing the legal qualification of the token, which remains a 
simple means for the use of the Medicalchain SA platform and is 
not a security.

Medicalchain SA is not to be considered as advisor in any legal, tax 
or financial matters. Any information in the white paper is given for 
general information purpose only and Medicalchain SA does not 
provide with any warranty as to the accuracy and completeness 
of this information. Given the lack of crypto-token qualifications 
in most countries, each buyer is strongly advised to carry out  
a legal and tax analysis concerning the purchase and ownership of  
Medicalchain’s according to their nationality and place of residence.

Medicalchain SA today is not a financial intermediary according 
to Swiss Law and is not required to obtain any authorization for 
Anti-Money Laundering purpose. This qualification may change 
in case Medicalchain SA will offer services which are to be 
considered as qualifying a financial intermediation activity. In this 
case, the use of Medicalchain SA services may require the positive 
conclusion of an AML/KYC identification process. 

MedTokens confer no direct or indirect right to Medicalchain 
SA’s capital or income, nor does it confer any governance right 
within Medicalchain SA; a MedToken is not proof of ownership or  
a right of control over Medicalchain SA and does not grant the con-
trolling individual any asset or share in Medicalchain SA, or in the 
Medicalchain SA network. A MedToken does not grant any right 
to participate in control over Medicalchain SA’s management or 
decision-making set-up, or over the Medicalchain SA network and 
governance to the Purchasers.

Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and 
operations associated with cryptocurrencies in the world. In that 
respect, regulatory measures, investigations or actions may impact 
Medicalchain SA’s business and even limit or prevent it from de-
veloping its operations in the future. Any person undertaking to 
acquire MedToken must be aware of the Medicalchain SA business 
model, the white paper or terms and conditions may change or 
need to be modified because of new regulatory and compliance 
requirements from any applicable laws in any jurisdictions. 
In such a case, purchasers and anyone undertaking to acquire 

12.0 MedToken Legal and Crowdsale



Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved 39

MedToken acknowledge and understand that neither Medicalchain 
SA nor any of its affiliates shall be held liable for any direct or 
indirect loss or damage caused by such changes.
Medicalchain SA will do its utmost to launch its operations and 
develop the Medicalchain SA platform. Anyone undertaking 
to acquire MedToken acknowledges and understands that  
Medicalchain SA does not provide any guarantee that it will 
manage to achieve it. On concluding the Commercial Operation, 
these tokens will be issued by a technical process referred to as 
a «Blockchain». This is an open source IT protocol over which the 
Company has no rights or liability in terms of its development and 
operation. 

The token distribution mechanism will be controlled by a 
Smart Contract; this involves a computer program that can be 
executed on the Ethereum network or on a blockchain network 
that is compatible with Smart Contract programming language.  
They acknowledge and understand therefore that Medicalchain SA 
(incl. its bodies and employees) assumes no liability or respon-
sibility for any loss or damage that would result from or relate to 
the incapacity to use MedToken s, except in case of intentional 
misconduct or gross negligence.

MedTokens is based on the Ethereum protocol. Therefore, any 
malfunction, unplanned function or unexpected operation of 
the Ethereum protocol may cause the Medicalchain SA network 
or Medicalchain SAs to malfunction or operate in a way that is 
not expected. Ether, the native Ethereum Protocol account unit 
may itself lose value in a similar way to MedTokens, and also  
in other ways.

12.0 MedToken Legal and Crowdsale



Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved

12.5 Representation and warranties

By participating in the crowdsale, the purchaser agrees to the 
above and in particular, they represent and warrant that they:

• have read carefully the terms and conditions attached to the 
white paper; agree to their full contents and accept to be legally 
bound by them;

• are authorized and have full power to purchase MedToken 
according to the laws that apply in their jurisdiction of domicile;

• are not a U.S. citizen, resident or entity (a “U.S. Person”) nor are 
they purchasing Medicalchain SA or signing on behalf of a U.S. 
Person;

• are not resident in China or South Korea and nor are they 
purchasing MedToken or signing on behalf of a Chinese or 
South Korean resident;

• live in a jurisdiction which allows Medicalchain SA to sell 
MedToken through a crowdsale without requiring any local 
authorization and are in compliance with the local, state, and 
national laws and regulations when purchasing, selling and/or 
using Medicalchains;

• are familiar with all related regulations in the specific jurisdiction 
in which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic 
tokens in that jurisdiction is not prohibited, restricted or subject 
to additional conditions of any kind;

• will not use the crowdsale for any illegal activity, including but 
not limited to money laundering and the financing of terrorism;

• have sufficient knowledge about the nature of the cryptographic 
tokens and have significant experience with, and functional 
understanding of, the usage and intricacies of dealing with 
cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain-based 
systems and services;

• purchase MedToken because they wish to have access to the 
Medicalchain SA platform;

• are not purchasing MedToken for the purpose of speculative 
investment or usage.

12.0 MedToken Legal and Crowdsale

40



Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved 41

12.6 Governing law – Arbitration

The Client acknowledges and accepts that the Medicalchain SA 
ICO operation is taking place within a Swiss legal environment that 
is still under development. The Parties agree to seek an amicable 
settlement prior to bringing any legal action. All disputes arising 
with the with papers provided, shall be resolved by arbitration 
in accordance with the Swiss Rules of International Arbitration 
of the Swiss Chambers of Commerce in force on the date when 
the Notice of Arbitration is submitted in accordance with these 
Rules. The arbitration panel shall consist of one arbitrator only.  
The seat of the arbitration shall be Lugano, Switzerland. The arbitral 
proceedings shall be conducted in English.

MedTokens will not be listed on any regulated stock exchange, 
such as SIX Swiss Exchange, or SIX. These Terms have been 
prepared without regard to the legal standards for prospectuses 
under art. 1156 or art. 652a of the Swiss Code of Obligations or 
the legal standards for facilitated prospectuses under art. 5 of the 
Collective Investment Schemes Act (“CISA”) or art. 27 ff. of the 
SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange 
in Switzerland. 

Neither these Terms nor any other material relating to the Offer, 
Medicalchain SA or MedTokens will be or have been filed with or 
approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. Specifically, these 
Terms will not be filed with, and the Offer of MedTokens will not be 
supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
FINMA (FINMA). Furthermore, the Offer of MedTokens has not 
been and will not be authorized under the CISA. Thus, the protection 
which is given to purchasers of interests or units in collective in-
vestment schemes under the CISA does not extend to purchasers 
of MedTokens.

12.0 MedToken Legal and Crowdsale



Copyright © 2018 Medicalchain. All rights reserved


