



































MEGAX WHITEPAPER FINAL




IMPORTANT NOTICE

1. MGX tokens are not securities, collective investment schemes or units, or business trusts as defined under Singapore’s Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289) (“SFA”).

2. The offer of these tokens are therefore not regulated by the SFA.  There is no requirement for the offer of the MGX tokens to be accompanied by any prospectus. Nor is there 

any requirement for any prospectus to be lodged with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”).  No regulatory authority has reviewed any information in this White Paper.  

As a matter of prudence, the MAS has been notified of this MGX initial token sales and our analysis that the tokens are not regulated under the SFA.

3. The White Paper or any part thereof, may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where the contents of this White Paper is regulated or prohibited.

REPRESENTATION & WARRANTIES

1. iFashion Group Pte Ltd does not make or purport to make any representation or warranty or undertaking in this White Paper or in connection of the MGX initial token sales,
to any person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking relating to the truth, completeness and accuracy of the information in this White Paper.

2. You represent and warranty that:

 - You agree that MGX tokens are not securities, collective investment schemes or business trusts under Singapore’s Securities and Futures Act, and that these are not  

 securities or similar instruments in any other jurisdiction;

 - You agree to furnish personal information and documents which may be requested by i-Fast for the purposes of conducting customer due diligence, and that any   

 information furnished by yourself is true and accurate, and that you have not withheld any material information;

 - You, your associates, your businesses enterprises (in which you are beneficial owner) or family members are not on any sanctions or terrorist list issued by the United  

 Nations, or any other jurisdictions;

 - You, your associates, your businesses enterprises (in which you are beneficial owner) or family members, have not committed any previous criminal offences, and that  

 you have not used any proceeds of crimes or tax offences (whether belonging to you or otherwise, and whether directly or otherwise) to purchase MGX tokens.

 - You understand MGX is not providing you with any investment or financial advice, that you are acting of your own volition and have sought your independent financial  

 advice where appropriate;

 - You understand fully the investment risks relating to investing in cryptocurrencies generally, and in relation to MGX tokens specifically and accept all investment risks  

 (including the possibility of losing part or the whole of your investments); and

 - You are not a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America.



BEFORE WE BEGIN
We pledge to guide and defend the needs of the new generation. We will not settle for the status quo. We will 
not stay contented. We are the disillusioned, the dismissed, and the disenfranchised. We believe in the good life 
and that it is not beyond our reach. The world will not define us as rich or poor. We are not strawberries. We 
are tougher than our fathers. We value the truth and we want our version of it to be heard. We are the
millennial generation.

Everything is about to change.



WHAT IS MEGAX?
MEGAX is a movement centered around a 
millennial–driven retail token and developed for a fresh, 
emerging retail network. It was formed due to the need for 
a growing pool of independent, exciting, and eclectic 
brands to reach their targeted market -the
exponentially-growing and constantly-shifting millennial 

generation. 

EDITOR’S NOTE:

 A brave new world. A different way for businesses to ride out the cycles. 
A new way for the man-on-the-street to take a stand. We built MEGAX 

knowing that ownership empowers. We believe that people make better 

choices when they are given responsibility over currency. We will buy 

things we actually love, and not settle for anything less. We will support 

brands, not in the name of pricing and gimmicky advertisements, but what 

they stand for.



WHAT MAKES MEGAX AWESOME

CONTEMPORARY,  COOL
& KICKASS PRODUCTS

AVAILABLE FOR
IMMEDIATE PURCHASE

CREATED BY PROFITABLE,
MILLION-DOLLAR REVENUE

GENERATING COMPANIES
WITH VC INVESTMENTS

MINIMUM PRICE
GUARANTEE ON PRODUCTS*

+ 10% BONUS ON
INIT IAL TOKEN SALE

TECHNOLOGY-DRIVEN
PAYMENT SOLUTIONS

COMPANY WITH
10 YEAR HISTORY

* The minimum price will be calculated by taking the average closing price of Ethereum everyday
using coinmarketcap.com and averaging it out over the duration of the sales period

(ending 17 November 2017 or earlier). The ratio is 1 Ethereum = 380 MGX.



BUILDING A NEW RETAIL ECOSYSTEM FOR MILLENNIALS

Chapter 1: Brave New World - Let’s build our own retail ecosystem

MEGAX was formed due to the need for a growing pool of
independent, exciting, and eclectic brands to reach their targeted 
market -the exponentially-growing and constantly-shifting
millennial generation (consumers born between 1982 & the early 
2000’s). This is a generation marked by a swelling interest and 
competency in communications, media and digital technologies.
 
The millennial generation is unlike any other that has come before 
it. Due to the amassed advancement in technology, millennial 
babies were born into a society obsessed with new and ground-
breaking technologies. The children of this generation were raised 
with access to virtually anything they desired, or anyone with 
whom they wished to communicate - all at the mere touch of a 
button. 

As social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, and Snap-
chat surfaced, millennials discovered the ability to create profiles 
and virtual expressions of themselves to the web of this wide, 
voyeuristic world.
 
Through this, a “me” generation was created. Although every
individual is different, millennials carry certain similar 
characteristics. They are strong–willed and opinionated, while being 
extremely indecisive at the same time. They change their minds as 
rapidly and frequently as the shifting of their thoughts and ideas. 
And so, it follows for them always to demand more. Their swift and 
fast–paced minds prevent them from finding satisfaction in the 
current and conventional means of e-commerce. As a result, the 
retail industry is falling behind.



INVESTMENT BANK UBS FORECASTS THAT
BY 2020, MILLENNIAL SPENDING IN ASIA WILL

REACH 11 TRILLION USD



Chapter 2: Call of duty - Enter MEGAX

INTRODUCING MEGAX
MEGA X is a movement centered around a millennial–driven retail token and developed for a fresh, emerging retail network.

The value proposition offered centers on 4 key pillars:

STAKE SYSTEM VIRALITY TECHNOLOGY
 Decentralized ownership of 

retail tokens by
millennial consumers

 A broad and growing 
network of more than a 

thousand independent, hip, 
& trendy retail stores and 
brands adopting the retail 

token as an alternate
payment as well as expense

 A self-propagating system 
riding on the network effects 
among the digital generation 

of both the brand owners 
and their loyal following

Digital wallet and
hardware for a secure 

payment and exchange with 
fiat currency.

Seamless and quick
transactions for retailers



“ WHAT MOVES MILLENNIALS MOST IS OTHER MILLENNIALS. ”
- Shama Hyder, Founder/CEO of Marketing Zen

MEGAX will power and ride on a proven retail concept:

engaging millennials is our specialty

Prior to the creation of MEGAX, iFashion had already established an existing network of more than 1400 independent 
brands, with a combined reach of more than 2 million consumers and end-users. It has successfully run offline
millennial-themed retail events, attracting over 600,000 consumers in only a few days.

Within its own assets and brand offering, iFashion has successfully run 4 leading e-commerce brands and marketplaces in 
the fashion and lifestyle space, with in-depth expertise from supply chain, to marketing, and to fulfillment. iFashion
understands the intricate and fragile needs of both brands and millennial consumers alike.

MEGAX is also ensured to generate a secure and convenient means of exchange for millennials to pay at the point of sales. 
With 10 years of payment technologies experience, Ffastpay (product of MC Payments, a technology partner) will partner 
with us in launching MEGAX. 



THE MILLENNIAL RETAIL PROBLEM

Chapter 3: Living without restriction - Who is X?

As the millennial generation emerges, so does a 
new age. The future of retail is rapidly approaching 
– and millennials have seized control. Individuals 
raised in a hyper–technologized world, millennials’ 
minds have been immersed in and formed by 
social media from its very inception. Social media 
has supplied a platform for them to cultivate and 
voice their opinions and ideas. They need to be 
online and connected with people constantly. They 
want access to goods –even if they are halfway 
across the world. They know what they want, and 
they want it now. And so, they want their future 
experiences to coincide with the immediacy of this 
way of life. MEGAX seeks to fulfill these desires – 
whether subconscious or not. 

Millennials are becoming increasingly self-
centered about their needs and desires. As a result 
of the “me” generation, we notice more often the 
way in which millennials stand up to fight for their 
thoughts, ideas, and methodologies. 

The current retail industry has failed to move, 
change, and develop at the rapid pace that the 
millennial generation demands –causing a
substantial loss in overall market share. 

Rather than attempting to fight the trend with
awareness campaigns or customer retention tools, we 
seek to dive right in and further the movement. It’s 
time for brands to stop ignoring millennials’ needs, 
and instead pave the way for them to participate in 
retail on their own terms.

The development in cryptography and blockchain 
offers a fascinating promise -the ability to provide a 
token owned and controlled entirely by the holders, a 
truly decentralized ownership.

By combining the technological benefits of block-
chain with a network of trendy independent brands, 
all subscribing to the same vision of a collective 
millennial narrative, MEGAX has created much more 
than just a new, innovative product. We have created 
a movement fashioned and wired specifically for the 
millennial.

The initial participants of the movement will act 
as a force paving the way for our vision. Similarly, 
the MEGAX team will tend to and groom these 
initial leaders with strong retail support, along-
side fervent brand and technology development. 
Through a growing web of brands and consumer 
adoption, we intend for our network to spread 
the movement rapidly.

In time, MEGAX will mature into a full-fledged 
millennial influence, capable of directly dictating 
retail flow and focus. As the consumer takes back 
control and determines its own direction, vibrant 
brands will benefit by participation.

MEGA X will act as an exclusive retail movement. 
Non–participants will no longer be part of the 
conversation. As millennials regain sole
influence, brands will come and go based on 
their frequently varying opinions, wants, and 
desires. It will be transparent and open for 
everyone in the network to witness. A glorious 
retail phenomenon.



WHY A NEW BLOCKCHAIN?

Chapter 4: The truth about Blockchain - We just do it better

MEGAX is much more than just a coin/blockchain. 
It’s much more than even a mere introduction of a 
new product. In its entirety, MEGAX is a millennial 
movement. We believe that the optimal path forward 
is to start fresh, offering originality and individuality, 
thereby creating a movement that millennials can 
latch onto, direct, and call their own. 

Prior platforms such as Bitcoin and other altcoins 
have lacked in areas such as scaling, and have
coincidentally failed to stimulate substantial
adoption.
 

MEGAX will fill these gaps, as well as present the
seamless and fast transactional speed that the
current Internet-bred generation requires and 
expects.

In our efforts to build an efficiently flowing retail
ecosystem, we aim to instill two key aspects.
Primarily, it is of utmost importance to ensure a new 
and transparent ledger. Each and every transaction 
will be able to be seen by any MEGAX holder. In 
addition, we wish to encourage ownership in 
MEGAX, therefore allowing a monthly share of
transacted volume for MEGAX users. We want our 
platform to be controlled solely by the entire
network of millennials participating in the MEGAX 
movement.



BACKGROUND

Chapter 5: This is what we came for -  Reasons in all things

iFashion Group is a Seed and Series A/B funded retail company built on many years of retail experience by millennial 
founders and their trending brands.

As a Singapore-headquartered online fashion & lifestyle group, iFashion Group has an immediate presence across 6 
countries in Asia, along with a determined global vision. Over the years, we have sought to carefully cultivate our
multiple brands and businesses to complement each other with each of our individual ventures. As we continue to grow 
and develop, we seek to be the leading fashion & lifestyle online conglomerate through a 3 - pronged approach:
 

1.
DEVELOPING OUR
ECOSYSTEM BY

COVERING ALL KEY
VERTICAL MARKETS &
CUSTOMER SEGMENTS

2.
BUILDING AN EXTENSIVE
ASSORTMENT OF ONLINE

TOOLS & PLATFORMS THAT
WILL GIVE OUR BRANDS

AN ABSOLUTE ADVANTAGE
OVER COMPETITION

3.
PARTNERING WITH

LOCAL LEADING FASHION
& LIFESTYLE BRANDS TO

BECOME THEIR INDEPENDENT
& REGIONAL ASSOCIATE

OF CHOICE



OVERVIEW OF MAIN SYNERGIES

- Expanded platform for stronger 
partnerships with brands
- Additional sales by exposing brands 
to a wider audience in Southeast Asia 
through multiple storefronts & online 
platforms
- Enhanced business potential 
through magnified marketing & 
advertising opportunities
- Faster localization of online stores 
by leveraging complementary geo-
graphic footprint 

- Optimization of research and 
development investments through 
roll-out of one shared technology 
platform, connecting storefronts & 
distribution centres while allowing 
for one global inventory

- Optimization of logistics set-up
- Scale benefits by bundling top
suppliers (couriers, etc.)
- Sharing of best practice across the 
value chain to drive efficiency without 
compromising on quality
- consolidation of overlapping offices

REVENUE
GROWTH

CASH FLOW
GENERATION

PROFITABILITY
ENHANCEMENT



OUR FULLSTACK
E-RETAILING
CAPABILITIES SOURCING

CUSTOMER
SERVICEANALYTICS

DIGITAL
MARKETING



SEPTEMBER
Seed funding from Rimu Group

NOVEMBER
Acquisition of Invade (Retail
Enabler)

JUNE
Acquisition of Dressabelle (Leading
Fashion E-commerce)

AUGUST
Additional funding from Rimu Group

FEBRUARY
Acquisition of Megafash (Retail Marketplace)

APRIL
Acquisition of Blackbean Ideas,
Red Republic & Meykrs (Retail brands)

SEPTEMBER
Launch of MEGAX coin via Initial Token Sale

Q3
Rapid expansion & development of
MEGAX retail ecosystem

Q1
Initial Public Offering

NOVEMBER
Incorporation of iFashion
Group

2014
2015

2016
2017

2018

IFASHION
CORPORATE

TIMELINE



MC PAYMENT
CORPORATE

TIMELINE

2008
Incorporation of MC Payment

followed by Mobile Payment R&D
Launch of payment solution

for mobile device
Acquisition of Established partnership

 with First Data to launch payment
solutions for retail and transport

2010
Established partnership
with American Express

+ Expansion into Hong Kong and Malaysia.
+ Filed for patent regarding P2P
   passenger-transport solution

2012
+ Launch of Mobile Point of Sale (MPOS)
+ Attained PCI security status

+ Awarded patent for P2P passenger-transport solution
+ Launch of Online Payment Gateway service
+ Won the Supreme Brand Award
+ POGO, powered by FfastPay, won best MPOS solution
   in Hong Kong

2014
+ Expansion into Jakarta
+ Won the Hong Kong ICT Award
+ Won the SME One Asia Award
+ Attained full-fledged omni-channel
   payment service provider status

+ Expansion into Australia
+ Won the Singapore Prestigious Brand Award
+ Won the Fintech Award by Singapore Business Review
+ First in Asia to achieve Level-3 enhanced data
   processing certification

2016
+ Expansion into Thailand
+ Expansion into Bali, MC Payment’s
   second office in Indonesia
+ Appointed as Discover Acquirer

+ Expansion into Sri Lanka
+ Acquired Genesis Payment Solution
+ Appointed as AliPay Acquirer
+ Appointed as WeChat Acquirer
+ Launch QR Code payment through subsidiary
   FfastPay



2.8 MILLION USD
IN VC FUNDING

SO FAR...

USD 50,000 from
Fatfish Internet Group

Dressabelle
iFashion subsidiary

USD 1 million from
Sovereign’s Capital

&
existing shareholders

Dressabelle
iFashion subsidiary

USD 300,000 from
East Ventures &
Angel Investors

Megafash
iFashion subsidiary

USD 600,000 from
Sovereign’s Capital

&
existing shareholders

Dressabelle
iFashion subsidiary

USD 800,000 from
Rimu Group

iFashion



RETAIL & TECHNOLOGY PARTNERSHIP

Consumer Retail Group Technology provider focusedon Payment

Marketing Force Blockchain development

Retail/commercial
adoption of coin

Payment solution to
empower coin

Provide customers
(end users of coin)

Provide Fiat to Token
liquidity via platform

Creation of Ecosystem/Network Network enabler

E-commerce Technologies Android device forpayment (hardware)

Retail Advisor network Financial advisor network



THE TEAM

KHOO JUNHAO JEREMY
Group CEO, iFashion Group

ANTHONY KOH
Group CEO, MC Payments

CHRISTOPHER LOW
CTO, MC Payments

NGEOW JIAWEN
CEO, Megafash

KENT TEO
CEO, Invade

JONATHAN HEE
CEO, Blackbean / Meykrs

SHARON LAI
CFO, iFashion Group

JOANNE SOH
CEO, Dressabelle



THE ADVISORS

IGOR PESIN
Fintech Investor & Partner, Life.SREDA VC Fund

Partner & CFO, Banking On Blockchain Fund

SANJEEV KUMAR
Former CPO & CMO, Omise

Former Executive, Visa Cybersource

Formerly held various leadereship positions at Google, Elavon,

ANZ Bank & CapGemini

NIZAM ISMAIL
Co-founder, RHT Compliance

Solutions & Partner & Head, Regulatory Practice, RHT Law Taylor Wessing

Former Executive Director & Head of Compliance for SEA, Morgan Stanley

Former Deputy Director, Market Conduct Policy Division, MAS

FERRY TENKA
Founder, Disdus.com

Founder & CEO, Groupon Indonesia

Founder & CEO, Bilna.com

CEO, Orami

ADAM LYNESS
Business Development & Strategy Leader, Cryptopia.Co.Nz

Founder & Engineering Director, Intranel.Com

Founder & Product Development Lead, Visionslive.Com

CALEB YAP
Co-founder, Singapore Bitcoin Club

PETER SIN
Co-Head of Digital Currency Sub-Committee, ACCESS

(Singapore Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Industry Association)

Co-Founder, Singapore Bitcoin Club



PROPOSED TOKEN FLOW & USE CASE

INITIAL
TOKEN
SALE

INDIE
BRANDS

TOKEN
EXCHANGES

MARKET-
PLACES

Participants in the ITS can either choose to invest in/trade 
MEGAX tokens within the token exchanges on the listed dates, 
or purchase products at partner brands in the MEGAX 
network. Each purchase will be based on the prevailing 
exchange rates between MEGAX and other authorized
currencies. 

With a decentralized retail token as the medium to retail
operations, transactional fees are kept at a near-zero.
Consumers will reap the benefits of lower prices, while brands 
and marketplaces will profit from the increased visibility and 
traction via membership into the ecosystem. 

Additionally, we believe that MEGAX can begin ahead of its 
competition, due to the introduction of a point of sale wallet in 
Ffastpay. This new aspect will allow convenient conversion 
between fiat currency and MEGAX, which was the cause of 
failure for many previous e-commerce utilization cases.
 



EARLY RETAIL ADOPTION OF MEGAX (Q3 2017)



THE MEGAX MALL
The perfect online millennial mall that only 
accepts MEGAX as payment. Be prepared for 
more than 10,000 trendy brands, innovative 
and novel products as well as worldwide 
shipping. The MEGAX mall will be ready by 
Q4 2017 and will be the heart of the MEGAX 
movement.
 

?

?



MEGAX EVENTS
Epic retail events that only accept MEGAX for 
payments. Unique artisanal markets to be 
organised worldwide which will attract 
millions of consumers. This will lead to
accelerated awareness as well as adoption of 
MEGAX. 

(Pictured: Artbox event organised by MEGAX 
team in Singapore - turnout of 600,000
consumers over 2 weekends.)



IFASHION INITIAL TOKEN SALE

What is an Initial Token Sale?

An ITS (Initial Token Sale) is a new, unique way to sell tokens 
to initial purchasers on the blockchain. It is an instance in 
which a new blockchain venture sells some of its tokens to 
early purchasers, providing them early access to the 
features, or in MEGAX’s case, the ability to directly spend 
their tokens on the retail network. These purchasers are 
highly incentivised and aligned by purchasing the initial 
tokens, which will in turn fuel the retail network as they will 
help to get the word out and raise awareness in the broader 
community.

The sale of MEGAX tokens in connection with an Initial Token 
Sale (the “MEGAX ITS”) to you as a purchaser thereof, will be 
subject to and governed by the T&Cs - which is a separate 
document setting out the terms and conditions of the agreement 
in relation to the MEGAX ITS. In the event of any
inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the 
former shall prevail.

W W W. M E G A X . I O

THE IFASHION INITIAL TOKEN SALE
IS HEREBY ANNOUNCED TO LAUNCH ON:

17th OCTOBER 2017
6PM SGP TIME (UTC+8)

OFFICIAL WEBSITE:



Why does iFashion need an ITS?

iFashion believes in an objective, transparent, and vibrant retail 
environment, where transactional fees are practically removed from 
the equation. Our ecosystem rests on the principle, “you get what you 
paid for” with no leakage from the conduct of business. We support a 
budding retail industry of young, independent and talented brands & 
entrepreneurs who are making a difference with their experiential 
and unique products.

In order to achieve our mission, we wish to raise funds from a 
self-constructed community of members. In this way, participants will 
be able to directly take part in and benefit from the future successes 
of this endeavor.

As we embark on this projected retail shake–up, our main goal is to 
potentially correct any unfairness in the current system. We seek to 
completely disrupt the way in which consumers and retailers interact 
in order to pave the way for millennials to regain control.

How will participants in the ITS bene�t?

iFashion will be continuously developing the MEGAX blockchain, as 
well as growing adoption on a retail and consumer level
simultaneously. It will seek to execute this on 2 main fronts:

1. Acquisition of unique and exciting retail brands into the iFashion 
Group, in order to develop and grow brands in a community setting

2. Marketing and sales of MEGAX to more marketplaces and
independent brands, with intentions for these brands to join the 
MEGAX network of more than 1400 retail brands selling in the
iFashion Group of companies.

“ IN ORDER TO APPEAL TO THIS GENERATION, RETAILERS NEED TO
PROVIDE A SEAMLESS CUSTOMER-FACING RETAIL EXPERIENCE. ”

- Tom McGee, Forbes



GENERAL INITIAL TOKEN SALE (ITS) OVERVIEW

On October 17th, 2017 -starting at 6PM Singapore Time, we will offer 70% of all MEGAX tokens to be distributed for purchase by the public in the iFashion Initial Token 
Sale (under the ticker symbol MGX). The remaining 30% of MEGAX tokens created will be issued to iFashion stakeholders as an incentive to ensure long term commit-
ment to the token’s retail adoption (figure 1). Further details of the distribution of tokens are explained below.

30%
iFashion

Stakeholders

70%
MEGA ITS

AGGREGATE
MEGAX TOKEN
DISTRIBUTION

Each MEGAX token will be sold for 1/380 Ether (ETH), i.e. 1 ETH = 380 
MEGAX. There will be a minimum purchase amount of 100 MEGAX tokens 
per purchase. Likewise, there will be a maximum cap limit of 100,000 ETH 
accepted for the iFashion Initial Token Sale. The MEGAX tokens created for 
such maximum amount contributed will, in turn, represent 70% of all MEGAX 
tokens. Should this amount be reached before the end of the sale on 17th 
November 2017 [6pm Singapore Time (UTC+8)], the ITS will be immediately 
closed. In the case of an amount of contribution falling below the maximum 
amount of 100,000 ETH, 70% of all tokens issued will be lowered, and the 
remaining unissued MEGAX tokens will be burned and removed from
circulation.

Please note that no new MEGAX tokens will be created after the iFashion ITS.

 

Figure 1.



USAGE OF FUNDS

30%
Marketing

15%
Brand

Acquisition

20%
Development

FUNDS
ALLOCATION

35%
Merchant
Adoption

Merchant adoption
A sizeable portion of the funds raised 
will be used to reach and secure 
merchant brands and retail stores. This 
is a critical function that must be 
achieved to promote a robust and 
vibrant ecosystem. The funds will be 
directly deployed into hiring talented 
account and sales managers who will 
perform their duties on the ground level. 
The speed of lead generation and 
merchant acquisition will depend on the 
ability to scale the size of this pool of 
staff.

RAISED               TARGETS

< 20000 ETH

< 50000 ETH

< 100000 ETH

100 new merchant brands
by Q1 2018, 400 new

merchant brands by Q4 2018

200 new merchant brands
by Q1 2018, 1000 new

merchant brands by Q4 2018

300 new merchant brands
by Q1 2018, 2000 new

merchant brands by Q4 2018

Marketing
Branding MEGAX as a coin for millennials requires a strong 
marketing communications team and a solid budget to execute the 
promotional collateral and digital campaigns. The marketing budget 
will simultaneously target both the brands as well as their following. 
Part of the budget will also be used to continuously enhance 
MEGAX’s branding, as well as keep it relevant to shifting trends and 
demands.

< 20000 ETH

< 50000 ETH

< 100000 ETH

RAISED                 TARGETS

Reach 40 million consumers by Q4 2018

Reach 100 million consumers by Q4 2018

Reach 200 million consumers by Q4 2018

Development
The MEGAX blockchain will constantly be 
enhanced for speed, security, scalability and 
accessibility. This will require a dedicated and 
talented team of blockchain developers who can 
execute based on our technology roadmap.

Brand Acquisition
iFashion aims to establish itself as a “retail trend 
uprooter”, with MEGAX at the core of the 
revolution. To achieve on the rapid expansion 
process, iFashion has made several acquisitions en 
route to ITS. The members bring highly talented 
leadership and skilled teams into the group, 
increasing the overall competency and impact of 
the company. 

< 20000 ETH

< 50000 ETH

< 100000 ETH

RAISED             TARGETS

Deliver Android App by Q4 2017

Deliver Android App Q4 2017
iOS app by Q1 2018

Deliver Android App Q4 2017
iOS app by Q4 2017

< 50000 ETH

< 100000 ETH

RAISED             TARGETS

Acquire 1-2 brands by Q4 2017

Acquire 3-4 brands by Q4 2017

Figure 2.



Qkr! is a MasterCard initiative which aims 
to simplify payment transactions between 
merchants and customers. MC Payment is 
proud to partner with MasterCard to be the 
merchant acquirer and business drive for 
Qkr!.

MC Payment also empowers iFashion 
merchants to be onboarded Qkr! and 
allows them to conveniently sell their 
products and receive payments easily.
A merchant can receive payments usually 
within two days.

MC PAYMENT X MASTERCARD



WHAT IS THE MEGAX WALLET?
Many of us hold wallets stored with a myriad of scattered credit, debit, and/or loyalty cards. We are accustomed to scavenging around 
in our “fat” wallets and purses just to find a credit card to pay with. Imagine an alternative world where your heavy, tangible wallet exists 
in a convenient digital form. Imagine the ability to hold an infinite collection of cards, while reducing your payment friction all at the 
same time. The promise of an electronic wallet – or eWallet – is beneficial for everyone involved. While customers are already living in 
complete transactional bliss, merchants can also experience the same benefits with eWallet. A current, key component of a merchant’s 
eWallet is Customer Relationship Management (“CRM”). The decreased payment friction caused by other methods of settlement will 
boost and increase the Lifetime Value of their customers. We believe that by offering our own eWallet solution, we can greatly enhance 
the cadence within interactions between merchants and their customers. Merchants can benefit from the value proposition since they 
will have access to a more cost-effective marketing and promotion channel within MEGAX’s vast network of millennials.

VALUE-ADDED MOBILE WALLET SERVICES
Besides the obvious transactional purpose of an eWallet, the MEGAX wallet can also offer users other useful features such as:
 1. Ability to seek out merchants accepting MEGAX tokens nearest you or a particular landmark through location-based services
 2. Ability to search for discounts and coupons based on merchant category
 3. Ability to check transaction history with a previous merchant
 4. An environmentally-friendly source through digital receipts
 5. Peer to peer transfers



MOBILE WALLET ADOPTION BY MERCHANTS
In order to support the payment acceptance of MEGAX tokens, we have taken ample steps to reduce the cost of initial membership and increase the feasibility 
of adoption. Whenever a merchant wishes to accept MEGAX tokens, they will go through the typical thought process of:

1. Is there a cost to support MEGAX tokens? Infrastructure required for supporting acceptance?
2. Is it risky? Will the merchant be liable for chargebacks, if any?
3. How soon can the merchant receive payment?
4. Are there many MEGAX token users?

We wish to address each consideration below:

COST RISK PAYMENT MEGAX TOKEN USERS
We expect thousands of

millennials to adopt MEGAX 
tokens as we venture to increase 

our foundation of supportive 
merchants. We will invest in 

various marketing channels to 
appeal to millennials immediately 
after the ITS. We believe that for a 

merchant, he/she will consider 
the existing 1,000+ merchants 

supporting MEGAX and also wish 
to participate. This premise will 

provide credibility to our
methods and an assurance that 
the MEGAX movement is worth 

adopting.

As soon as a merchant accepts 
payment, the MEGAX tokens are 
immediately deposited into the 
merchant’s wallet. Payment is 

instantaneous. There is
absolutely no time delay between 

money deposits. The moment 
money is transferred, it appears 
immediately in the recipient(s)’ 

wallet.

 

MEGAX tokens are based on 
blockchain technology. Any 

transaction between sender and 
recipient are irrefutable and 

timestamped. Merchants who 
receive MEGAX tokens as a form 
of payment will not have to deal 

with issues such as chargebacks.

 

Adopting MEGAX tokens simply 
requires the merchant to install 
the MEGAX Wallet software on 

their existing mobile device (iOS 
or Android). With reference to 
Figure 3, the merchant simply 
displays the QR code and the 

MEGAX token holder will use his 
or her phone to scan the QR 
code. Simply stated, there is 
absolutely no cost to accept 

MEGAX tokens.



THE MEGAX WALLET

Our wallet technology is developed using the finest web 2.0 framework utilizing Angular JS and other web 

responsive toolkits. Its purpose serves as a virtual safe, obtaining MEGAX tokens, and functioning as a 

facilitator for consumer – merchant transactions for products and services. The MEGAX Wallet aims to 

substantially reduce payment friction in order to improve customer experience and encourage repeat 

purchases. Every MEGAX token holder will be granted access to their MEGAX Wallet accounts.

Within the MEGAX Wallet, a user can employ functions such as:

1. Engaging in an exchange of user’s tokens for a merchant’s goods and services

2. Transferring tokens to another MEGAX wallet user

3. Viewing the list of merchants who accept MEGAX tokens

In time, notably after the ITS, MEGAX Wallet will expand in its capabilities and aim to offer additional 

functions such as:

1. Ability to exchange with other tokens on the blockchain

2. Location-based services to find merchants’ products and services

As a wallet catered to the millennials, we decided to do away with the dull, physical debit card. For a small fee, 

MEGAX holders can request for a singular, physical token that will represent their entire wallet. The token 

can be used for daily transactions with other MEGAX holders or retail stores that accept MEGAX. In addition, 

the MEGAX physical token can be implemented with Near Field Communication technology or by simply 

embedding the MEGAX token holder’s QR code for an easier transaction.



12 MONTHS
PRODUCT
ROADMAP

JAN 2017
Acquisition of 4 retail

brands & marketplace 
Collaboration with

MC Payment on
blockchain

Blockchain
Complete

SEP 2017
Initial Token Sale

1) MEGAX Only Mall
2) Android Wallet

Q1 2018
iOS App Wallet

Launch of MegaX token
physical NFC wallet

Q3 2018
Launch of MegaX mobile

POS retailer hardware
for android



THE MEGAX WALLET- CRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORS

1/  S IMPLE &
STRAIGHTFORWARD

USER INTERFACE

As to not overwhelm users of the MEGAX Wallet, the 
design philosophy of the interface has been 
thoughtfully executed with the best practices in 
Human-Computer Interface design. As seen in the 
diagram to the right, a MEGAX Wallet user is 
provided with important data on the dashboard.

2/  SECURITY

MEGAX Wallet can be accessed via Secure Socket 
Layer over HTTP. It will also have 2 Factor 
Authentication processes (2FA) which will strengthen 
the security for a user’s MEGAX Wallet account. 2FA 
is implemented by a One Time Pin sent to the user’s 
mobile device. On the server side, we have 
implemented a third-party industry-standard 
application and web server security audit service. 
Stringent network rules as well as external perimeter

intrusion detection policies have been put in place after 
consultation with experts in the industry. We place great 
importance in the area of total and complete security. An 
additional layer of security would be required for 
payment-sensitive transactions such as compensation for a 
merchant’s products while using MEGAX. This additional 
layer of security can be implemented using biometric 
authentication on supported mobile devices or through a 
mobile passcode.



THE MEGAX WALLET- CRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORS

3/  MOBILE APPS
In order to ensure widespread member adoption, we 
will quickly employ MEGAX Wallet as an app readily 
equipped for iOS and Android software. Combined 
with our mobile-responsive web app, we shall 
maximize the accessibility and user-convenience of 
our MEGAX Wallet.

4/  EASY
PAYMENT

We guarantee that the process of using MEGAX 
tokens through the MEGAX Wallet will be 
straightforward and seamless for the consumer. 
Figure 3 illustrates the process of a typical 
transaction.

3.
CUSTOMER’S MEGA WALLET

SENDS TOKENS TO MERCHANT’S
MEGA WALLET

MERCHANT
(ACCEPTING MEGAX)

CUSTOMER 1.
CUSTOMER BUYS

$10 WORTH OF
PRODUCTS

2.
MERCHANT SHOWS QR
CODE TO CUSTOMER.

CUSTOMER LAUNCHES MEGA
WALLET & SCANS QR CODE

Figure 3. Transaction Process



UNDERLYING BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY
MEGAX tokens will be based on the Ethereum platform. Ethereum is the world’s largest, leading smart contract blockchain. Ethereum 
was specifically chosen as it offers an efficient balance of speed and token liquidity. Currently, the currency for processing on Ethereum 
is known as Ether. One can buy and sell Ether on token exchanges to major fiat currencies.

ABOUT ETHEREUM
Ethereum is a decentralized platform that runs smart contracts. 
A smart contract is essentially a software application built and 
designed to perform automatically once the conditions for that 
particular trigger are fulfilled. The beauty of a smart contract is 
that it offers an unbiased decision-making process with no 
downtime or third-party interference.

In a traditional web-based application setup, there is always a 
central server hosting the database and application server. If 
any part of the component fails, the entire service fails. This is 
now in the past.

Blockchain mandates a decentralized node-based infrastructure. 
Thousands of nodes, represented by computers or computing 
points, processes each transaction, approving or rejecting them 
upon reaching a consensus. Each node holds an exact copy of a 
blockchain on another node. One can view blockchain as a 
distributed network of similar databases, ultimately lending 
credence to the infallibility of the blockchain application.

 



TRANSACTIONAL FLOW
BETWEEN MILLENNIALS
& MERCHANTS
A merchant who wishes to adopt and receive MEGAX 
tokens simply needs to install an application on their 
mobile device. To inspire rapid adoption - a combination 
of convenience and flexibility, we will introduce the 
MEGAX device to allow any android phone to be an 
instant payment processor. 

This is particularly important for merchants that operate 
dynamically across locations or casual retailers. This 
device will the first-of-its-kind employed within South-
east Asia, and developed in-house with MC Payments.

Figure 4 depicts a payment acceptance terminal. It will 
be able to generate the QR code for an immediate
transfer of MEGAX tokens from the buyer to merchant, 
as well as read the buyer’s QR code.

Figure 4. Sample Payment
Acceptance Terminal



MERCHANT
A MEGA
TOKENS

MERCHANT
B MEGA
TOKENS

MERCHANT
C MEGA
TOKENS

MEGAX WALLET

PAYMENT

P2P

LOYALTY

A B C
USER A

MEGA TOKENS
USER B

MEGA TOKENS
USER C

MEGA TOKENS

TECHNICAL PREAMBLE
Ethereum, as a turing-complete blockchain fits the key criteria needed to
implement a system that can successfully distribute MEGAX tokens through an 
eWallet system. Ethereum Virtual Machine, a turing-complete blockchain,
combines with Serpent to allow essential programming for our blockchain.

Our technology stack is depicted in Figure 5.

Figure 5. MEGAX Technology Stack

TECHNICAL ARCHITECTURE

ANGULAR.JS

WEB3.JS

SOLIDITY
Figure 6. Components of our technology



RESPONSIVE LIBRARIES

We may develop native apps for both iOS and Android using 4GL tools such as the popular 
Xamarin. Preference is given towards the original developmental environments such as 
Swift(™) for iOS and Java for Android. Ultimately, we will gravitate towards a progressive path 
that will yield a native app with a rich & accessible interface and instantaneous developmental 
speed.

We deploy bootstrap JS and JQuery JS as a part of our endeavor to implement a responsive 
and interactive web app. Some of the bootstrap and JQuery JS libraries are:
 jquery.validate.min.js
 jquery.wizard.js
 jquery.multi-select.js
 bootstrap-filestyle.js
 jquery.bootstrap-touchspin.min.js
 bootstrap-maxlength.min.js
 jquery.form-advanced.init.js

In total, there are a minimum of 20 other different JS libraries used for the presentation layer 

of the web app.

iOS & ANDROID

ANGULAR JS
We will use Angular JS for the application layer logic of our MEGAX Wallet web app. We will 
also deploy third party Angular libraries. Some are listed below.
 angular-payments.min.js
 loading-bar.min.js
 angular-count-to.js
In total, we embedded a minimum of 30 third-party Angular JS libraries.

WEB3 JS & SOLIDITY

MEGAX WALLET

LOGS INCREATEWALLET

PAYMENT P2P LOYALTYVOUCHER HISTORY

SEND TO

RECIPIENT

ETH

ETH

We will incorporate web3 JS libraries as part of Ethereum’s language 
Solidity framework. The MEGAX wallet high level architecture is shown in 
Figure 7. It will launch with the ability to pay tokens to merchants and 
subsequently extending to more functionalities such as Voucher, P2P, and 
Loyalty.

Figure 7. MEGAX Wallet Architecture



FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

1. What is MEGAX?
MEGAX is a millennial movement centered around a decentralized ownership of 
tokens for uset in a network of retail stores catering to millennials.

2. What are the MEGA tokens for?
MEGAX tokens functions as a voucher or store of credit for purchases in the 
MEGAX retail network of stores.

3. Who are the participating retailers?
Participating retailers can be seen and linked throughout the whitepaper and the 
website at http://megax.io

4. When and where will the ITS be?
The ITS will take place on 17th October 2017, starting at 6PM Singapore Time and 
end on 17th November 2017, 6PM Singapore Time (UTC+8). In the event all tokens 
are sold out before the stated deadline, the ITS will end immediately. The ITS will 
take place on our website at http://megax.io

5. How do I participate in the ITS?
You may participate in the ITS by creating an account on http://megax.io and 
following the instructions provided. You will need to have an existing wallet from 
which to deposit ETH or BTC. 

6. What is the name of the token?
The name of the token will be designated as MGX.

7. Is MEGAX a fork of another coin?
No. It is created based on the ERC20 format.

8. How large is the MEGAX team?
The MEGAX team numbers more than 100 staff, ranging from operations, retail, 
account managers, logisticians, technicians, developers, and support.

1. Is MEGAX blockchain public?
MEGAX blockchain is public and all our codebase is open-source.

2. What is the block size? What is the approximate transition confirmation time?
100% of total coin supply is pre-mined and will be distributed during the ITS.

3. Will there be mining?
There will be no mining.

4. How is the pre-mine distributed?
70% of the coin’s supply will be sold during ITS and 30% will be reserved for goal 
alignment with the MEGAX team and stakeholders.

1. When will the token be accepted?
Payment acceptance will start immediately upon the ITS ending on 17th
November 2017, 6PM Singapore Time (UTC+8). In the event the ITS is closed early 
due to complete sales of tokens, the payment acceptance will still be held on 17th
November 2017, 6pm Singapore Time (UTC+8).

2. When can I see my token in my wallet?
You will be able to see the token in your wallet within 24 hours of purchasing it.

3. What if I cannot see the MEGAX in my wallet after 24 hours?
It is possible that the ITS was already closed prior to your purchase as it was sold 
out. In such an event, your original tokens will be returned to your wallet.



FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
4. How many MEGAX tokens are there now?
Should we attain maximum sale from the ITS, the toal number of tokens in
existence will be 54285714. Otherwise, it will be this amount subtracted by the 
amount of burned tokes remaining from the ITS.

5. What is the MEGAX symbol going to be called on the exchange?
The ticker will be MGX if it is listed on an exchange.

6. What will MEGAX be traded against?
This will vary from exchange to exchange, but it will likely be against BTC and/or 
ETH.

7. I did not get the chance to get MEGAX at the token sale, can I get it on another 
exchange?
Yes, you will be able to get it on another exchange at the point of listing, or 
purchase it on the MEGAX wallet, directly from the app once it is available.


