








































Microsoft Word - mindsports_whitepaper.docx


   
 

 

     
Intelligent and Trusted Board Game Network  

 
WHITEPAPER 

Version 1.21 
www.mindsports.io 

 
Island Kon, FM | Co-Founder 
Christian Ng | Co-Founder 
 
Advised By 
Geoffrey Borg | CEO of FIDE 
Efstratios Grivas | Chess Grandmaster  
 
ABSTRACT 
MindSports IO is an intelligent and trusted board game network powered by Ethereum 
technology, anti-cheating layers and the MIND Registry for games such as Chess, 
Draughts (Checkers), Xiangqi, Bridge and Go. The problem of today online board 
gaming is trust. Players may cheat with chess engine, users also have risk of losing 
money and they have to place trust that the service provider are doing the right thing. 
We aim to eliminate the need for trusting a single party running a centralized platform. 
MindSports IO provides an opportunity for user’s participation. Mind games will be 
developed and deployed to the network. Community managed anti-cheating layers are 
in place to eliminate possibility of cheating with chess engine. Token holders have the 
option to be part of the community to settle game disputes and get rewarded 
accordingly. MindSports IO align incentives across all stake holders and tie MIND token 
to the core action of the network growth. 
 

 
  



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENT 
 
1. Introduction 
2. Market and Industry 
3. Product 
4. Token Mechanism 
5. Technologies and Architecture 
6. Deliverables and Stretch Goal 
7. MindSports IO Roadmap 
8. MIND Token 
9. Our Team 
10. Our Advisors 
11. Summary 

  



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

3 

1. Introduction 
 
Traditional online mind sports platforms have a centralized host to manage 
communication and make sure the platform works correctly. This requires players to 
place trust in the host and ensure they have the adequate tools to run the platform. 
The goal of MindSports IO is to create a product that is "infinitely" scalable, 
decentralized and is secure for any transaction. 
 

A decentralized mind sports network ensures everyone are 
part of the community regarding the network development 
and future roadmap. Transactions and messages are verified 
and take place on the Ethereum blockchain. No party or 
administrator is required to manage the online network or 
tournament. This prevents any malfunction and failure of the 
platform host. 
 
MindSports IO aligns incentives across all stakeholders and 
ties the MIND token to the core action of the network growth 

welding the interaction of the public with personally created mind sports tournament 
events through rewards of the cryptocurrency, MIND tokens.  
 
The main motivation of the MindSports IO platform to encourage players to take part 
in the development roadmap of MindSport IO, to create or participate in high-quality 
games as well as involve the audience when viewing competitions. Mind sports are 
contests of mental skills in contrast to physical competition which is the hallmark of 
traditional athletic sports. The sports included under the umbrella of this concept 
includes games of skill, strategy, speculation, and deduction. Chess, Draughts 
(Checkers), Xiangqi, Bridge and Go are a few examples.  
 
Chess and Xiangqi (Chinese Chess) players represent some of the largest communities 
in the world. Combined figure of 800 million players. Despite the evolution of physical 
to virtual games, chess and xiangqi congregations remain strong and continue to grow. 
The elements keeping these engaging and complex games alive include the 
competitiveness and potential sponsorships that stem from it. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

4 

 
 

Features of MindSports IO Network  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
1. Anti-Cheating Layers ‒ The Anti-Cheating Framework consist of three layers. A 

Statistical Analysis Layer to infer move-matching probability between chess 
engine and human players. Intelligent Reputation Layer red flag potential 
cheaters and decide the types of matches, amount of token can be staked per 
game. Community Layer act as arbiter, where token holders can vote as arbiter 
and get rewarded when they identify cheaters.  
 

2. Community Managed ‒ Be part of the community to propose the board games 
for MindSports IO team build and deploy to the network. 
 

3. Create Tournament - Create tournaments and determine the rules and token 
payouts for all party using smart contracts.  
 

4. Play Games -  Challenge, discuss and learn to play intellectual games.  
 

 
 
  



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

5 

2. Market and Industry 
 

 
What is Mind Sports? 
Mind sports is a modern term that came into use in the 1970s. It took a number of 
years for the concept of “mind sports” to distill into a clear definition.  The umbrella 
organization for all international sports federations, SportAccord, classifies sports into 
five categories:  
 
1. physical sports 
2. mind sports 
3. motorized sports 
4. synchronized or coordinated sports 
5. animal-assisted sports 

The 2011 Charities Act had adopted a definition of sports as “activities which promote 
health involving physical or mental health or exertion.” 

 
Why Should We Play Mind Sports? 
MindSports IO strives to promote and educate on the benefits of playing mind sports. 
Mind sports is not only for people who are academically gifted or “smart.” Numerous 
studies have demonstrated the direct benefits of playing mind sports, such as 
improvements to cognitive function and the slowing down of aging. We believe mind 
sports should remain as accessible as possible so that people can develop analytical 
and critical thinking skills in their everyday life. It can also improve their spatial and 
cognitive abilities, pattern recognition, and discipline.  
 

The Mind Sports Landscape 
The mind sports industry continues to grow despite the widespread use of internet 
games; sponsorships and competitive play have created lucrative opportunities. Mind 
sports players are finding ways to promote themselves and the game through the use 
of technology. ChessBrah via twitch.tv allows viewers to watch real-time streaming 
games, while prize funds for tournaments can be as much as $2,000,000(USD). The 
live-stream of the World Chess Championship in 2016 received as much as ten million 
unique visitors. It is estimated that there are at least 100,000 online people playing at 
any time for chess alone with the audience reaching 2,000,000 viewers daily.  



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

6 

 
Market Size 
According to an official International Olympics Committee (IOC) submission, more than 
six hundred million people play chess, a game that is over 1,500 years old. Chinese 
chess is played by two hundred million players according to BBC News, while the game 
of GO, invented 3,000 years ago, has sixty million players globally.  
 

 
source: FIDE, BBC, BritGo, Japanese Productivity Center of Social Economic Development, ACBL, World Bridge Federation  

 

Target Audience 
Based on the findings from YouGov, mind sports players who are interested in chess 
are five times more likely to read The Guardian and The New Scientist and are two and 
a half times more likely to read The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, The 
Economist or the New Yorker. Seventy-eight percent of regular chess players in the 
USA are university graduates with household incomes over $120,000(USD).  
Adding up the number from official associations and sources, we believe there are 
currently two hundred million people playing online in various mind sports platforms 
including chess, go, xiangqi and go. The largest chess portal, Chess.com, only consists 
of five million players or one percent of the total addressable audience.  We are creating 
a platform for enthusiasts of all levels to play, compete, discuss and participate in 
various mind sports to increase the penetration rate of online, mind sports gaming.  

 
 
 
 

600

200

100 60 25 8.4
0

100

200

300

400

500

600

700

Chess Chinese	
Chess

Draught	
(Checkers)

Go Bridge	 Shogi

Active	Mind	Sports	Players	(in	millions)



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

7 

The Problem 
Trust is the most concerned reason why people are hesitant to play mind sports online 
for rewards. Players are suspicious of potential game manipulation such as stalling time, 
disconnecting, and cheating from opponents.   
 

 
Need for Trust in a Single-Party Host. 
Traditionally,	tournaments	and	games	are	hosted	by	a	centralized	platform.	A	platform	administrator	has	the	capability	to	make	decisions	
that	put	the	organization's	interests	before	the	interests	of	the	mind	sports	community.	After	speaking	with	individuals	in	different	forums	
and	various	live	tournaments,	we	realized	people	are	hesitant	to	play	mindsport	tournaments	online	for	monetary	rewards	due	to	a	lack	of	
trust.	When	players	are	betting	with	tokens	or	money	with	others,	they	must	transmit	funds	to	unknown	parties.	This	opens	both	parties	
up	to	the	risk	of	losing	all	tokens	or	money	due	to	fraud	or	hackers.		Furthermore,	platform	administrators	may	unexpectedly	ban	players	
or	decline	payment	transfers	for	unknown	reasons.		

 
Platform Reliability 
Most online gaming platforms operate using an intermediary to set up communication 
and ensure that everything works correctly. However, servers may unexpectedly shut 
down or get hacked. 
 
Cheating  
Players are suspicious of potential game manipulation such as stalling time, 
disconnecting, and cheating from opponents.  
 
Current Mind Sport Platform Comparison  
 
 

 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

8 

 
The Solution 
Intelligent, community managed Anti-Cheating Layers are in place to eliminate 
possibility of cheating with chess engine. Ethereum technology removes the centralized 
game host and will revolutionize the way mind sports are played.  
 
We are providing an opportunity for individuals take part in the network development 
and future roadmap. Mind sports players can create their own tournaments and games, 
and get rewarded with MIND tokens. Additionally, MindSports IO provides a place where 
people can place token bets against others with full confidence. Advance Anti Cheating 
Layers is in place to identify cheaters and block all chess engine cheating. Pay-outs are 
processed automatically by escrow contracts on the Ethereum blockchain. MIND serves 
as the currency for these games.  

3. Product Features 
 
The MindSports IO network is secure, serverless and trustless. Features include:  
 

1. An Intelligent, Community Managed Anti Cheating Layers 
2. Propose and vote for the next mind games on the network 
3. Create board games and tournaments 
4. Play trustless mind games  
5. Win MIND tokens  
6. Get rewarded for improving the Anti-Cheating Algorithm 

 

Intelligent Anti-Cheating Layers 
 
Our Anti-Cheating Layers consist of three layers.  
 
1. Intelligent Reputation Layer will red flag potential cheaters based on player’s 

behavior and features like playing habits, game metrics, like time per move, rating 
and reputation change. Users can also stake their tokens to interact with our 
Reputation Engine by providing relevant metrics, indicator to help us improve our 
anti-cheating algorithm, to identify cheaters and get token reward accordingly.  

2. Statistical Analysis Layer will infer and calculate move-matching probability 
between chess engine and human players to identify potential chess engine 
gameplay manipulation.  

3. Community Layer will act as arbiter in case of dispute, where token holders can 
vote to resolve dispute and get rewarded with tokens and reputation rating when 
they identify cheaters. 

 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

9 

MindSports IO Community 
 
Token holders can stake their token and interact with MIND 
Community to propose development roadmap and features of 
the MindSports IO network. They can propose for the mind 
games they would like MindSports IO team to build and deploy 
to the Network, where they can play trustless mind games with 
their MIND Token. We believe through the MIND Community, 
incentives are aligned across all stake holders and tie the token 
to the core action of MindSports IO network growth. 

 
Decentralize Mind Sports Game Creation              
Within the MindSports IO platform, a smart contract is an integral part of the gaming 
process. The user can easily deploy a secure and highly modularized smart contract 
template.  

 
 
Under the terms of MindSports IO, when players decide to start a game, both players 
will be required to send a certain amount of MIND tokens to a contract address 
designated by the open-source, algorithmic judge of the game. When the competition 
concludes, the judge will publish signed messages to the contract address, and the 
proceeds will be distributed to the winner. Through this escrow mechanism, the players 
involved can be confident that they will receive what they are entitled. 
 

Play Trustless Mind Games  
Computation comes with a cost in the Ethereum Virtual Machine, it is expensive to verify 
each game move on-chain. Our goal is to create a trustless and efficient DApps. 
Therefore, an off-chain verification is the solution for this problem.Moves validation are 
happening off-chain to reduce gas cost. Each move made by players and the game 
outcome is signed by players and forwarded to their opponents through Whisper. Once 
the opponents agree, the verified moves and results will be confirmed.  Alternatively, if 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

10 

players do not come to an agreement. Both players can raise a dispute request through 
the smart contract for verification.  

 
4. Token Mechanism 

 

We believe a token must work as a necessary element of a self-sustaining system and 
a public utility.  MIND token provides everyone an opportunity to participate in the 
MindSports IO community, create and participate rated mind sports tournaments, and 
be part of the in-game community. Token holders propose their favorite mind games 
to be deployed on the network and are able to use their token to create and play rated 
board games. We believe this mechanism align incentives across all token holders and 
tie the token to the core action of the network's growth. 

 
1. Play Trustless Rated Mind Games 

Players lock up tokens for rated mind games and tournaments on the network. 
Every game move and resulting game state are being signed by players and 
forwarded to their opponent through Whisper. In case of a dispute, players can 
raise a dispute request through Smart Contract for verification 
 

2. Anti-Cheating Layers Fuel 
Our Intelligent Anti Cheating Layer will red flag potential cheaters based on 
player’s behavior and features like playing habits, game metrics, like time per 
move, rating and reputation change. 
 

3. Anti-Cheating Layers Improvement Rewards 
Users can stake their tokens to interact with our Reputation Engine by providing 
relevant metrics, indicator to help us improve our anti-cheating algorithm, 
identify cheaters and get token reward accordingly 
 
 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

11 

4. Mind Game Dispute Management  
Token holders are part of the community to settle game disputes through in-
games voting and get rewarded with MIND token. Network reputation rating 
reflect player’s honesty and ability as an arbiter to handle dispute and correlated 
to voting weight during dispute. Rating formula is transparent and visible to 
everyone on the blockchain. 
 

5. Create Rated Mind Games and Tournament 
Tournament and Game creator lockup their MIND tokens during events to create 
rated events or tournaments and reward winning participants accordingly. 
Network Elo rating reflect players strength in relevant mind games and grant 
them access to premium matches and rated tournaments. 
 

6. MindSports IO Community 
MIND Token holders stake their token and interact with the MIND Community to 
propose the development roadmap of the MindSports IO Network. Token 
holders can propose for the board games they would like MindSports IO team 
to build and deploy to the MindSports IO Network. 
 
 
 

5.Technologies and Architecture 
 
5.1 What is MindSports IO? 
MindSports IO is a decentralized social gaming network powered by Ethereum, IPFS, 
Whisper and the MIND Community Users can play and create rated decentralized mind 
games tournament.  
 
MindSports IO Network consists of 4 main components: 
 

1. MIND Community 
MIND Community can stake their token and propose the development roadmap 
of the Network. Mind Token holders can propose every 6 months for the board 
games they would like MindSports IO team to build and deploy to the MindSports 
IO Network. 
 

2. Anti-Cheating Layers 
The Anti-Cheating Layers consist of three layers. A Statistical Analysis Layer to 
infer move-matching probability between chess engine and human players. 
Intelligent Reputation Layer red flag potential cheaters and decide the types of 
matches, amount of token can be staked per game. Community Layer act as 
arbiter, where token holders can vote as arbiter and get rewarded when they 
identify cheaters.  
 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

12 

3. MIND Games DApps 
MindSports IO Network is comprised of Mind DApps. Mind DApps are mind 
games being deployed on MindSports IO network, all MIND token holders can 
propose, vote and deploy Mind DApps to the network. 

 
4. MindSports IO Development Team 

According to MIND Registry Proposal and Voting result, MindSports IO 
Development Team will build and deploy Mind DApps to Ethereum testnet for 
beta release and mainnet for production release. Mind Dapps release cycle will 
be every 3-6 months, patches and enhancement release will be every 2 weeks. 

 
The MindSports IO community can stake their token and interact with the MIND 
Community to propose development roadmap of the network. Token holders can 
propose for the Mind DApps they would like MindSports IO team to build and deploy 
next. 

 
 

5.2 Anti-Cheating Layers 
Our Anti-Cheating Layers consist of three layers.  
 

1. Intelligent Reputation Layer  
Reputation Layers acts as an ensemble-based cheating detection engine by 
combing a diverse set of statistical classifiers. Each classifier is an anti-cheating 
classification algorithm by analyzing sets of quantifiable features including 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

13 

players behavior and gameplay characteristics, like playing habits, time per move, 
rating and reputation change to identify and red flag potential cheaters. 
 
Every week an anti-cheating prediction contest will be held, game play dataset 
will be published on IPFS. Users can review existing the datasets as training and 
test sets, identify relevant gameplay metrics to build and improve their anti-
cheating classifiers. Users can stake their tokens to interact with our Reputation 
Layers by providing relevant testing metrics and projections. Potentially added 
their classifiers into our anti-cheating ensemble detection engine to help us 
improve our anti-cheating algorithm and get token reward accordingly.  
 
Combining individual classifiers and make anti-cheating predictions makes 
statistical sense, the giant ensemble averages out bias and error, at the same 
time increasing prediction accuracy. 

Given the heavy computation nature, the gas cost and computation requirement 
of this module, this should be forecasted and run on third-party high 
performance, trusted server. Analysis Algorithm should be open-source and 
subject to peer review. 

 
 

2. Statistical Analysis Layer 
Our Statistical analysis module is based on Dr Kenneth Regan’s Work on Intrinsic 
Performance Rating and Statistical Cheating Detection in Chess. Dr Regan 
statistical method try to aggregate game play moves as a set parameter to 
represent a player’s skills and move quality. This set of parameters can generate 
confidence intervals for hypothesis test to calculate a z-score and move-
matching probability between chess engine and human players to identify 
potential chess engine gameplay manipulation.  
Given the heavy computation nature of the statistical computation, the gas cost 
and computation requirement of this module, this should be forecasted and run 
on third party high performance, trusted server. Analysis Algorithm should be 
open-source and subject to peer review. 
 

3. Community Layer  
Community can act as arbiter in case of network or in game dispute, where token 
holders can stake their token and vote accordingly to help resolve in-game 
dispute, cheating or appeal dispute. Voters will get rewarded with tokens and a 
reputation rating change when they identify cheaters. Reputation affect 
individual vote weight in case of dispute and affect govern the types of matches 
and amount of token player can stake per game.  
 
 

 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

14 

 
 
5.3 What is Mind DApps? 
Mind DApps are mind games being deployed on MindSportIO network. All MIND holders 
can vote and deploy Mind Dapps to the network. 
All Mind DApps are secure, serverless and trustless and possess the following core 
functionalities: 

1. Function as a Mind Games like Chess, Go, Chinese Chess, Shogi 
2. Ability to handle in games dispute 
3. Play Mind Games with tokens 
4. Create rated games and tournaments 

 
Every Mind Games DApp consists of 4 main components  

1. HTML5 Front End Client  
2. IPFS as a Decentralized Storage Layer 
3. Smart Contract as Decentralized Logic Layer 
4. Whisper as the Messaging Layer 

 

 
 
Front End Client 
Our front end clients are HTML5 based and served from IPFS. The front end consists 
of web3js, IPFS.js, game logic and the game UI. Web3.js will be a core component in the 
front end to handle Whisper P2P messaging and interaction with smart contract. IPFS.js 
will be responsible for retrieving historic game record, moves, data from IPFS. 
 
Decentralized Logic Layer, Smart Contract 
MindSports IO DApps Logic Layer consist of the following Smart Contracts: 
 
 
 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

15 

1. Escrow Contract 
Escrow contract escrow the MIND tokens from participants of the game, while 
the host has no access to transfer the tokens. Tokens will be returned to 
players when the game aborts, encounters a draw game or agrees to a 
disputed outcome. Proceeds will be transferred to winners. The different 
payout, fees schedule can be structured and extended accordingly. 

2. Main Contract 
Main Contract works as a game management contract, it provide players game 
matching, status reporting, and community dashboard functionality. 

3. Game Contract 
Game Contract represent a single instance of a game, after players match 
successfully and deploy the join function to start game. Players interact with this 
contract when they join a game, claim the winning proceeds, announce the result, 
notify opponent timeout or raise a dispute.  
 

4. Dispute Contract 
Dispute Contract will manage two kinds of dispute raised by players.  
 

1. Cheating and Draw Disputes 
Through Whisper, the dispute contract will broadcast to the MindSports 
IO community regarding the dispute and game information. Token 
holders can vote in favor or against the dispute in a finite voting period.  
 

2. Moves Manipulation 
The player who raised the dispute will submit a record of moves to the 
Dispute Contract for verification. If the result is against the player who 
raised the dispute, a token penalty will be imposed. On the contrary, if 
the move manipulation claim is valid, the game will be terminated and 
penalty will be imposed on the manipulator. 

5. Tournament Contract 
Users can create mind sports tournament through our DApps. Tournament 
contract consists of (n) Game Contract instances and have the ability to interact 
with Escrow Contract to proceed funding and Storage Contract to store and 
retrieve game records and tournament data. 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

16 

Decentralized Messaging Layer, Whisper 
Computation comes with a cost in the Ethereum Virtual Machine, it is expensive to verify 
each game move on-chain. To create trustless and efficient DApps we will utilize off-
chain verification. Moves validations happen off-chain to reduce gas cost. Each game 
move and resulting game state are being signed by the player and forwarded to their 
opponent through Whisper. Once opponents agree, the signed moves and result state 
will be forwarded. Alternatively, both parties can raise a dispute request through smart 
contracts for verification. 
 
Decentralize Storage Layer, IPFS 
IPFS is a reliable, secure distributed storage system capable of serving web content, its 
decentralized nature removes the single point of failure presented in centralized 
storage platforms. IPFS serves two purposes in our architecture: 

1. A ‘web server’ to serve our HTML based DApps  
2. A storage for game records, data, historic, reputation, elo rating. 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

17 

6. MindSports IO Deliverables and Stretch Goals 
Our deliverables will be based on the funding amount received from the MindSports IO 
Crowdsale. MindSports IO will be able to fund our team for one year and introduce two 
mind sports games: chess and a game determined by the community. Our milestone 
will also allow us to introduce our main features of creating an intelligent decentralized 
board games network.  
Below are the expected deliverables based on the ETH raised. 
 

Deliverables ETH Raised  

• Fund 3 engineers and 1 UX designer for 1 year 
• MindSports.IO supports Chess 
• Decentralized Tournament Creation 

200 ETH 

• Fund 5 engineers, 1 UX designer for 1 year 
• Roll out new Board Game every 3-6 months  
• Intelligence Anti Cheating Layers 

500 ETH 

• Fund 5 engineers, 1 UX designer, 1 Marketer for 2 
years 

• Roll out new Mind Game every 3-6 months  
• International Mind Sports Event Sponsorship 

1000 ETH 

• Fund 8 engineers, 2 UX designers for 3 years 
• Research and build Plasma Integration Prototype 
• Regional Mind Sports Events Sponsorship 

2,500 ETH 
 

• Fund 10 engineers, 2 UX designers, 2 Marketers for 3 
years 

• Research and build Plasma Integration Prototype 
• International Mind Sports Events Sponsorship 

3000 ETH 
 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

18 

 

Token Proceed 
The majority of our token proceeds will be 
allocated to the development of the 
MindSports IO platform. We would also like 
to highlight that a portion of the proceeds 
will go toward the promotion of MindSports 
IO tournaments. We believe this is necessary 
to jumpstart our platform and is also an 
opportunity get users to participate in the 
mind sports discussions and contribute to 
building up long-term value for the MIND 
Token.  
 

 

 

Token Distribution 
The MindSports IO developers will create a 
total of fifty million MIND tokens. Seventy 
percent of the tokens will be distributed in 
this Crowdsale. The remaining tokens will 
be used to ensure long-term support for 
the MindSports IO ecosystem as indicated 
by the graph on the right. A part of this 
fund will be used for brand awareness in 
the mind sports scene, as the team plans 
to create tournaments and sponsor teams.   
Management team will undertake a 12-
month lockup period. No sale transfer or 
pledge of token will be permitted.  
It is MindSports IO's responsibility as a 
member of the wider community to help 
contribute to and grow it. We will continue 
to build meaningful relationships with 
blockchain members and other leading association in the mind sports community. 
Participants in the community are most important. We designed MindSports IO to 
ensure that decision-making is based on whether a majority of participants in the 
community agree on, After the crowdsale, we will sponsor mind sport tournaments in 
different countries to raise awareness and promote community involved within mind 
sports. One of our first events will be a live stream of chess grandmasters competing 
for MIND token rewards. 
 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

19 

7.  MindSports IO Roadmap 
Date Milestone 

 
Highlights 

1Q17 

Phase 1 
Concept and Prototype development 
Identified current problems in the mind sports landscape and 
addressed the issue by applying Ethereum technology to build 
MindSports IO prototype and whitepaper. 

 
 

• Identify Problems 
• Prototype Design 
• Whitepaper 
• Team of 4 

4Q17 

Phase 2 
Brand awareness  
This prototype release allows users to play Chess on our demo 
during the pre-sale. Token Holders can vote in Dec 2017 and 
decide the next mind games to be deploy next. 

 
• Specification  
• Presale 
• Team of 5 

1Q18 

Phase 3 
Beta Testing Release 
Initial release of MindSports IO. This beta release allows 
community to beta test our platform’s features and play Chess 
with MIND Token.  

 
 

• Community 
Testing 

• Performance 
Testing 

• Team of 6 

2Q18 

Phase 4 
Platform Official Release  
First production release of MindSports IO. Include Chess DApp 
release in Apr 2018 and  second game release in Jun 2018. 
 

• Official Release 
• Second Mind 

Games 
• Team of 8 

4Q18 

Phase 5 
MindSports IO Features Expansion  
The next phase of MindSports IO is intended to provide a better 
gaming experience and API support for developers to design 
and deployment. 

• Improve User 
Experience 

• DApps 
Enhancement 

• Third Mind Games 
Release 

• Team of 8 

4Q19 

Phase 6 
Plasma Integration 
With plasma integration, moves verification can be done on-
chain and more complex games can be introduced and 
deployed to MindSports IO Network. 
 

• Plasma 
Integration 

•  Enhancement 
• Fifth Mind Games 
• Team of 10 

 
  



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

20 

8. MIND Token 
 

 
MIND is an ERC20 token designed to create and play decentralize 
rated board games. 
 
 

 
Token Usage 
1. Be Part of MindSports IO Community 

Be part of the MIND Community to propose for the board games they would like 
MindSports IO team to build and deploy to the network 
 

2. Anti-Cheating Layers Fuel 
Our Intelligent Anti Cheating Layer will red flag potential cheaters based on 
player’s behavior and features like playing habits, game metrics, like time per 
move, rating and reputation change. 
 

3. Anti-Cheating Layers Improvement Reward 
Users can stake their tokens to interact with our Reputation Engine by 
providing relevant metrics, indicator to help us improve our anti-cheating 
algorithm, identify cheaters and get token reward accordingly 

4. Create Decentralized Rated Tournaments  
Users can create decentralized board games leagues and tournaments. In return 
for creating community engagements and deploying games, the organizer is 
rewarded MIND tokens for their contribution based on the number of 
participants and number of MIND tokens committed for their event. 

5. Play Trustless Mind Games and Win Tokens 
Players will use MIND tokens as a currency for challenging other players and 
joining tournaments in various intellectual games. MindSports IO provides a place 
where people can safely place token bets against one another since the 
transactions and games are publicly verifiable and resistant to counterfeiting.  
 
 
 
 
 

 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

21 

MIND Token Overview 
 

Role of Token Decentralized Board Game Playing and Creating 

Rated Tournaments 

Symbol MIND 

Token Type ERC20 Token on the Ethereum Blockchain  

Supply 50,000,000 MIND 

For Sale 20,000,000 MIND 

Funds Escrow  Funds secured in multi-signature escrow account 

Bonus Schedule 20% of token purchase account  

Emission Rate No New Tokens will be created 

Price 10,000 MIND = 1 ETH 

Crowdsale Period Feb 5, 2018 3PM (UTC) ‒ Feb 14, 2018 3PM (UTC)  

Minimum Goal 200 ETH 

Maximum Goal 2,000 ETH 

 
Each MIND token will be sold for 1/10,000 ETH, meaning 1 ETH will give you 10,000 
MIND tokens. We will enforce a maximum fixed limit of 3000 ETH for the purchase of 
MIND tokens in the Crowdsale.  
 
Please note that we will NOT create additional MIND tokens after the MindSports IO 
Crowdsale 
 
Unsold MIND Tokens  
Unsold MIND token will be burned. In order to raise awareness of MindSports IO 
Network, we will allocate 100,000 Unsold MIND Token as airdrop and distribute 100 
MIND each to the top 1,000 mind sports professional in Chess, Go, Chinese Chess, 
Shogi.  
 

Tokens Transfer 
Your purchased MIND Tokens will be distributed to you immediately (subject to block 
confirmations and network status). Transfer will be enabled 3 days after sale. Purchased 
tokens will not be active during the token sale period (sale or transfer of tokens will not 
be possible until the Crowdsale is completed at the end of the Crowdsale closing date). 
Tokens can be freely transferred or exchanged upon Crowdsale completion date. 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

22 

Why a Crowdsale?  

Our team already has a prototype of the platform. Bringing additional developers, 
marketing personnel, a legal team, designers and various talented people on board will 
require additional funds. Conducting a Crowdsale instead a traditional round of venture 
capital enables the mind sports community to participate in the MindSports IO success 
story, rather than limiting it to a select group of private investors. A Crowdsale is fast, 
transparent and efficient for this purpose.  
 

8.2 Crowdsale Process 
Here is how the Crowdsale for MIND tokens works. 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

23 

Create Crowdsale Contract 
A crowdsale contract is created along with the ERC20 contract. The Crowdsale contract 
is used to collect and approve user addresses, collect ETH payments and compute 
MIND balances at the end of the Crowdsale. Funds will be returned to users if the 
minimum goal is not met, while the Crowdsale will stop if the maximum funding level is 
met.  
 
Crowdsale Registration 
Users will have to provide a valid email address and the wallet ID from which the user 
will invest in the Crowdsale. Upon successful registration, the wallet ID is whitelisted for 
the Crowdsale, and the user is authorized to invest. 
 
Invest 
Users invest by transferring ETH or BTC from their registered wallet ID to the Crowdsale 
contract wallet.  
 
Distribution of MIND Tokens  
Upon completion of the crowdsale, the ERC20 is initialized with the MIND balances 
distributed through the crowd-sale. The MIND balances will then become available to 
the users who participated in the crowdsale.  
 
  



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

24 

9.  Team 
 

 
Island Kon ‒ Co-Founder & CTO 
Island is a three time world XiangQi Champion (Non- Asian 
Division) and a federal XiangQi Master since he was 15. He is a 
Quant Portfolio Manager designing trading strategies in 
C++/Python on cryptocurrency and global markets. 
 
 
 
Christian Ng ‒ Co-Founder & COO  
Christian is an entrepreneur and investor from Canada with over 
six years’ experience in cryptocurrency and global financial 
markets. He is experienced in organizing blockchain start-up 
projects and bringing them to scale and profitability.  
 
 

 
Law Wai Chun ‒ Solidity Developer 
Law is a ACM-ICPC World Finalist. He is a MPhil at HKU on High-
Performance Computing, most recently at a BioInformatics 
Startup that built GPU-based BioInformatics analytics. 
 
 
 

 

We Are Hiring ‒ Solidity Developers   
We are looking for strong DApps developers fluent in truffle, 
web3js and solidity. Kindly forward your resume to 
info@mindsports.io 

 
 

 
 
 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

25 

10. Our Advisors 
 

 
Geoffrey Borg	-	CEO of FIDE, Executive 
Director of IMSA 
Geoffrey is the CEO of the World Chess Federation and the 
Executive Director of the International Mind Sports Association. 
He holds the title of FIDE Master, has played chess for Malta in 
a number of international tournaments as well as Olympiads, 
including winning a silver medal on Board 1 in the 1984 Salonika 
Olympiad. 

 
 
David Drake ‒ Chairman of LDJ Capital  
  
David Drake is the Chairman of LDJ Capital, a family office 
with extended network of funds of funds and hedge funds 
with 1.5 trillion USD in assets. He is actively involved in the 
Crypto community as a speaker and has helped ICO firms he 
advised raise $101M in funding. 
 
 

Efstratios Grivas - Chess Grandmaster  
Efstratios was the Greek champion in 1983 and 1996. The 33rd 
Chess Olympiad Silver winner participated in eight Olympiads, 
three European Team Chess Championships, and twelve 
Balkaniads. He has written 42 books, essays and studies on 
chess and is a regular contributor to the most important chess 
publications. 
 
 

 
 
Min Kim ‒ Blockchain Community Advisor   
Min is the founder of Blocultural Studios. Min previously worked 
with Tim Draper and Cryptonomos on PR & marketing for 
blockchain related initiatives. Min has worked for various VC 
firms in the past and is a Dartmouth College graduate and a Palo 
Alto native. 
 



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

26 

 
 
Zeev Kirsh ‒ Legal Counsel   
Zeev is an attorney and a strategist in blockchain and fintech. He 
consults on token generation and issuance and smart contract. 
He also possesses experience in securities laws and KYC/AML 
compliance regulation. Zeev obtained his JD at the Columbia Law 
School. 
 

 

Matt Quinn ‒ Ethereum Community Advisor  
Matt leads the San Francisco Ethereum Developers Meetup and 
previously worked as a Program Manager at Apple Inc. 
 
	
	
	

 
Vincent Wong ‒ International XiangQi 
Master 
Vincent Wong is a two-time medalist in the World Mind Sports 
Games: silver in 2011 and bronze in 2014. His elegant and neat 
defensive skills earned him the third runner-up in 2013 World 
XiangQi Championships. 
  



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

27 

11. Summary 
We have presented MindSports IO, the first decentralized social gaming network 
powered by Ethereum technology, IPFS, Whisper and the MIND Registry for intellectual 
sports such as Chess, Draughts (Checkers), Xiangqi, Bridge and Go. Players are able to 
play, create and propose board games within the network and in return is compensated 
with MIND Tokens. We have constructed a variety of smart contract templates that are 
suitable for mind sports and cryptocurrency settings, and address some of the design 
challenges to create an efficient and decentralized mind sports network. Our smart 
contract template is flexible, efficient, and generic enough for many daily mind sports 
and cryptocurrency settings. 
  



 
 

 
Copyright Notice © 2018 MindSports Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. 

info@mindsports.io 

28 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Connect With Us Here!  
 
Register on Telegram: https://t.me/mindsportsio 
View on Website: https://www.mindsports.io 
Tweet on Twitter: https://twitter.com/mindsportsio 
Verify on GitHub:  https://github.com/mindsports/ 
Read on Medium: https://medium.com/mindsportsio 


