






































WhitePaper V2.5.1.pdf


Enab ling anyone to d irect ly invest in
revenue generat ing m achines.

Transform ing Investing

MyBit Foundation. Grabenstrasse 25, 6340 Baar, Switzerland.
Copyright © MyBit 2017. All Rights Reserved.



Introduction
We often hear the term decentralized ownership. What MyBit does is enable ownership of a specific
IoT asset to be easily distributed among several owners (investors). With the rise of the upcoming
machine economy, our vision is to have machines owned by people all over the world, rather than
centralized parties maintaining ownership and the resulting revenue streams.

MyBit achieves this by enabling the crowdfunding of revenue generating machines (IoT Assets).
So anyone can buy a percentage stake in a device that generates revenue and in return receive
a portion of revenue the machine produces. This inverts the financing model and revenue flow to
create a more scalable and democratic model which unlocks hundreds of billions of dollars in
investment opportunities previously reserved for large centralized institutions to the average person.

All of this is managed by Ethereum smart contracts to automate processes, maintain security
without the need for middlemen, brokers, and other forms of intermediaries, and reduce friction
in the overall p2p investment process. This result is a new investment ecosystem where more
opportunities are available and investors can keep a larger portion of their money due to leveraging
technological efficiencies.

Market Validation
According to the BSA, there will be over 50 billion connected devices (IoT) by 2020 and by 2025
these devices will generate over $11 Trillion in revenue. As of now there is no efficient investment
platform to capitalize on this opportunity.

MarketsBroken Down
We have decided to proceed with the following due to ease of testing purposes for initial integration,
along with relaxed regulations on the asset, and monetization (ROI) potential.

Cryptocurrency ATMs
Description: One of the most important aspects of increasing cryptocurrency adoption is accessibil-
ity. By facilitating the financing of cryptocurrency ATMs, hardware companies can scale faster and
crypto-ATMs can penetrate a plethora of locations. In return for financing ATMs, investors receive
either profits off of the buy/sell spread or the transaction fee and the hardware provider receives the
other.

Market Size: 1,587 ATMs globally as of 2017. Traditional ATMs come in at approximately 3 million
units globally, indicating severe room for growth in the Cryptocurrency ATM industry.

Monetization Flow: Investors fund the hardware cost, location, insurance, and initial required funds.
When someone uses the ATM and is assessed a fee and conversion costs (buy/sell spread), inves-
tors receive a portion of that profit, and the hardware provider receives a portion as well so both are
incentivized.

Where we plan to target next…The following assets/industries are our first major mainstream push
into hardware as they are relatively easy to implement into our platform, provide stable ROI, and can
scale globally with minimal restrictions.



Crypto Currency Mining
Description: Crypto-mining is a rapidly growing industry that is familiar with pools and fractional
ownership through cloud mining units, but there has yet to be a viable, clear and transparent model
for financing miners that does not rely on any counterparty. Through smart contracts, investors can
buy fractional stakes in miners that are hosted remotely in a secured and optimized environment
with low electricity costs and in return receive mined crypto in real time.

Market Size: 4 Billion as of 2017, but rises exponentially year over year

Monetization Flow: Investors fund crypto-miners and when miners find new blocks they receive
crypto in near real-time.

Masternodes
Description: Take Dash for example. The cost of a staking master node is roughly $80,000 , however
these can be crowdfunded to reduce the cost-barrier to entry.

Market Size: N/A

Monetization Flow: Investors fund the master node and once it is deployed, staking revenue is paid
back to investors proportionate to their ownership stake.

Online Education
Description: The online education industry is a rapidly growing area; however, many teachers are
unsure about creating content due to a lack of guaranteed return. This creates an opportunity for
investors to fund the creation so the “teacher” is paid upfront to mitigate any financial risks on the
educators part and in return receive the revenue from students of the class in the form of a fixed or
one-time payment. This will increase the quality and availability of content to keep up with demand.

Market Size: Projected to reach $325 Billion by 2025

Monetization Flow: Investors fund the teacher to create content and course materials upfront.
Then revenue from users who purchase the material is distributed to investors instead of the
educator. Investors’ funds will be escrowed in a smart contract until they validate the creation
of quality material or allocate the task to a third-party to review and approve.



Vending Machines
Description: Vending machines work very similar in ATMs and can cover a wide range of areas.
People from all over the world can fund the cost, location, insurance, and inventory of the vending
machines and receive a fractional portion of revenue (which they share with the hardware provider
as well) whenever a good is sold or service rendered.

Market Size: $12B by 2025

Monetization Flow: Investors fund the hardware cost, location, insurance, and inventory. When
someone purchases a good or service from the machine, investors receive a share of the profits.
Vending machine hardware providers split the fee with investors and it is a win for every part
because the hardware providers can have more units globally due to increased financing which
will increase their bottom line even with splitting the fee with investors.

Self-Storage Units
Description: Storage units are a major economic market for people with excess assets and belong-
ings. Fractional ownership of self-storage facilities is starting to become a more common practice,
however it is inefficient under the current model where a fund aggregates investors’ money to fund
the construction and operations. Then when customers pay monthly, they compile the revenue and
distribute to investors typically quarterly or annually. They charge an average fee of 10-20% for man-
aging the investment and revenue. This process could be automated by smart contracts to greatly
reduce the fees so more profits are pushed back to investors and they are paid more frequently.
It also removes counterparty risk by not relying on a third-party entity to manage investor funds.

Market Size: $37.5B as of 2017 and increasing at over 5% per year.

Monetization Flow: Investors purchase a stake in the construction of a self-storage facility,
and contract construction to a trusted party. Then once it is built and begins generating revenue,
the smart contract on the MyBit platform is paid directly and distributes the funds proportionately
to investors. This can also be used to sell ownership of an existing structure without owners having
to sell the entire thing at once.

Notes for Future: The following are industries we plan to actively pursue and capitalize on
but may need more information, regulations, or use cases prior to proceeding with.

• Following this we will push towards energy in Solar and Wind , and expand into more
real estate opportunities.

• We are very keen to pursue the entire autonomous machinery sector but believe it
needs to mature further before providing a viable use case for investors. While it
matures it is important to establish relationships with the associated companies
developing this technology so we can capitalize on the entire industry at the soonest
possible moment.

• MyBit can be used to monetize existing structures (does not always have to require
new construction) such as real estate, storage units, solar farms, and virtually any
expensive property by owners selling a fractional stake in their property to obtain
cash without having to sell the full property to one buyer or group.



Examples/How Does it work?
There are two (2) core methods to apply the MyBit platform to IoT financing. First there is the option
to utilize the platform to fund new assets - meaning IoT devices that are currently not in production
and generating revenue - such as equipping a house with solar panels. Second, there is the option
of tokenizing existing IoT assets such as a Solar (PV) Farm that is already in production and
generating revenue.

Funding New Assets:Solar Example
Alice wants solar panels that cost $20k and only has $ 5k to allocate towards them. Traditionally
she would have to go to a lending institutions (bank) and apply for a debt-based instrument (loan)
which results in the bank actually owning the solar panels and Alice owing the bank. Since solar
panels generate revenue, there is no need for debt-instruments since investors can profit from this
opportunity without Alice having to owe any third-party (financially). Instead, Alice can crowdfund the
remaining 75% (or $15,000) from investors all over the world. If the full amount needed ($20k) is not
raised in the set time-interval (typically 30 days) then all funds are returned via the smart contract to
investors. If the funding goal is reached then the raised capital is automatically sent to the hardware
installer/manufacturer which eliminates the risk of Alice misusing the funds. Once installed, the Solar
panels are connected to the MyBit platform via an oracle that pulls usage and payment data from
the hardware so everything is transparent and can easily be tracked and audited by investors and
third-parties. When the solar panels generate revenue (in this case feed-in tariffs or selling back to
the grid) investors receive a portion of the profits proportionate to their ownership stake. Operational
and maintenance costs can either be priced into the initial funding target or be deducted from
revenue as a percentage.

Asset Revenue DistributionAsset ownership



Tokenizing Exist ing Assets:PV Farm
Bob owns a solar farm that has been generating revenue for 5 years at a constant rate. Now, he
wants to have more cash on hand, but does not want to sell control of his farm. With MyBit what he
can do now, is tokenize his farm and sell a portion of it (and resulting revenue streams) to investors.
This is much better than traditionally:
Easier: Less legal paperwork and headache to sell, just requires verification of revenue and basic
due diligence. He stays in control: He can sell to a variety of smaller investors (like a crowdfunded
acquisition almost). This is better because it is very rare for a private equity or investment group to
not buy the entire farm at once, and even if they can be negotiated into a partial acquisition they will
nearly always want to obtain control over all the decisions. MyBit is better because Bob can obtain
the cash he wants/needs without losing his business, and investors can invest in a safe asset with
proven ROI. Management post-acquisition: This is probably the biggest benefit from an operational
standpoint. MyBit smart contracts enables the automated distribution of revenue, accounting, and
is transparent for auditing when needed. This makes Bob’s life insanely easy because he does not
have to work with an accountant and investors to aggregate money and then manually send to them.



Technology:

Why Ethereum:
Ethereum has many advantages over Bitcoin for building decentralized applications, the primary
one is that the languages supported are Turing-complete. Meaning that loops can be executed in
the smart contracts, giving the platform the capability of acting like a traditional application but on
the Blockchain. Additionally, Ethereum is not just a digital currency like Bitcoin, it is a decentralized
super computer that supports not only currency, but also decentralized applications to be built on top
of the Blockchain. The Ethereum foundation are continuously upgrading/updating the platform, and
have a large developer base supporting the network. If MyBit was to be built like a traditional plat-
form without layering ontop of Ethereums blockchain, their would be no transparency and eventually
turn into a fund. Meaning that users would not know exactly what is being used for their funds, and
here at MyBit we believe in full transparency for users, allowing them to see exactly the distribution
of their funds and how they are being used. Not only does this bring more trust from users into the
platform as it is fully transparent, the platform is fully autonomous, and self reliant. Meaning that
once fully operational, it does not require on human interaction to operate through the use of smart
contracts. Smart contracts are programatically written to execute tasks once another has been
complete, and as it is on the blockchain it does not rely on a server to execute tasks, but it relies on
cryptographic hashing algorithms. At MyBit we believe decentralized automation is the best course
for building any application nowadays, as there has been too many problems that have arisen in our
society due to human error and malicious acts.

Contracts and Functionality:

TheMyBit platform operationson EthereumsBlockchain, through theuseof smart contracts. At MyBit we
havedesigned theplatform to be fully autonomousand self reliant, minimizing thechancesof human error
and temperament. Theplatform is controlled, maintained, and updated through one central smart contract
known astheMyBit Hub, thisHub isautonomousin many aspects, but for updatingparticular featuresof the
platform wehavewritten it enabling theMyBit foundation to updateif necessary.
Below isthegeneral architectureof thesmart contracts;

MyBitHub

AssetHub

Asset Asset Asset Asset 45 90 180 360

TokenHub



MyBit Hub:
The whole flow of the system stems at the MyBit Hub, and the other two hubs are spawned off of the
MyBit hub. I am sure at this point it is evident that single point of failures are a security disaster, thus
we have designed the MyBit Hub to have multiple addresses held by the MyBit Foundation, meaning
that a consensus between all addresses has to be established before the update shall take place.
Additionally, if a malicious individual was to ever compromise an address, MyBit has the capability
of deleting this owner through consensus.

Asset Hub:
As there will be many different asset types listed on the platform, for example Bitcoin ATMs and Re-
newable energy. We have decided to segment the different asset types into different Asset Hubs, of
which stores all of the different assets relevant to a particular type, e.g. renewable energy. Regard-
less of the hardware manufacturer if it is a particular asset type it will be assigned to the relevant
Asset Hub. The asset hub is fully autonomous, and when a revenue generating asset is listed on
the platform for funding, the Asset Hub creates the relevant asset smart contract and holds refer-
ence to this asset. Each Asset Hub has a maximum amount of assets it can create, and once full,
it will notify MyBit Hub that a new Asset Hub is required for an asset type. By creating a maximum
amount of assets allowed per each Asset Hub, we can increase/decrease this whenever necessary,
as Ethereum is continiously changing day to day. Meaning that we need to adapt our platform nec-
essarily if computation costs are to increase or decrease.



Token Hub:
Users are able to lock their tokens for particular time periods which is explained below. Each of
these locking periods are created, updated and maintained by the TokenHub. If a user wishes to
withdraw their portion of the 2% transaction fee for a particular period, and lock it is done through
the Token Hub, which obtained all of the necessary information from that users lock to distribute the
funds correctly. Once a locking period has been completed, e.g. 45 days are up, the token hub will
create another locking period automatically, and distribute the tokens back to the users who have
them locked.

Assets:
Assets listed on the platform will be associated to a particular Asset Hub, and will be referenced in
Asset Hub. Each asset contract will contain all of the information related to the asset, e.g. the loca-
tion, cost and ROI. When funding begins for an asset, the asset smart contract will be spawned by
the Asset Hub, and if the funding requirement has been reached the asset contract will be fully oper-
ational, and the porpotionate transaction fee will be sent to the manufacturer, locked token holders,
MyBit foundation and the insurance escrow. Once an asset has been installed and insured at the
necessary location and is generating revenue, each individual funder will receive their share of the
revenue, depending upon their ownership stake of the asset. All of this is done through the use of
the available APIs for that asset, requesting/sending information to establish the generated revenue
and to continuously validate that the asset is operating as expected. However, in the case that the
full funding amount has not been reached by a particular day, the investors will be sent back their
contribution and this particular asset contract instance shall be deleted from the platform, reducing
computational costs in the future.



Locking Token:
Lock periods are created, maintained and deleted by the Token Hub. Each individual period, has a
set time-interval, and once the time-interval is completed another lock period with the same time-in-
terval will be created. Users are incentive to lock tokens is that it prevents malicious individuals
from DOSing the network, and are rewarded for doing this. Each user can have multiple locks for
one individual period, and can choose from a 45, 90, 180 or 360 day period. Each individual locking
period has a set multipler attached, which changes depending upon what day the user has locked
their tokens of the period they have chosen. For example if Bob wants to lock their tokens on day
0 of the 45 day period, he will obtain a higher reward, than if Alice was to lock on day 15 of the 45
day period. To ensure users are not able to lock tokens towards the end of a period, and obtain the
same profit as someone has jumped in on the first day, we have implemented a diminishing returns
formula;

1 – ((n – 1) / periodLock) * (1 + Rate Day 1)
E.g. 90 day period lock on day 10 would be; ((10-1)/90 * (1+0.134)

Token Hub:
Users are able to lock their tokens for particular time periods which is explained below. Each of
these locking periods are created, updated and maintained by the TokenHub. If a user wishes to
withdraw their portion of the 2% transaction fee for a particular period, and lock it is done through
the Token Hub, which obtained all of the necessary information from that users lock to distribute the
funds correctly. Once a locking period has been completed, e.g. 45 days are up, the token hub will
create another locking period automatically, and distribute the tokens back to the users who have
them locked.



Upgrading Contracts:
Smart contracts stored on the Ethereum blockchain cannot be changed once pushed to the network,
making them immutable. This brings many challenges for updating the MyBit platform once fully
launched, but to prevent any issues arising in the future, we are doing strenuous testing on all as-
pects of the platform before launch. Doing testing internally and externally, through anAlpha launch,
which will reward users for finding any flaws in the system. Testing is not enough to ensure that their
will be any future errors, so audits done by organization and white hat hackers will be done.
Additionally, a bounty program will be established rewarding participants for their efforts in finding
bugs etc… Doing all of this will only identify any bugs prior to official launch, leading us to imple-
menting upgradable smart contracts incase any errors to occur on official launch. By having every
variable on the platform updatable, we can alter the system if any major upgrades to the Ethereum
network take place, such as gas costing. Additionally, the use of libraries will be utilized allowing
reference to upgradable aspects of the platform.

Communication w ith assets:
Currently, smart contracts built on Ethereums network are limited by the available options for com-
municating to resources out width the blockchain. The best practice as of today is using an Oracle
for querying and obtaining data. To calculate revenue obtained from a revenue generating assets,
we use Oraclize the most established Oracle service available today for communicating to an assets
API. When establishing partnerships with asset providers, we require an API available for us to use.
By pinging this API through Oraclize, we can validate that the asset is fully functional, and that the
revenue being distributed to asset investors is correct. If need be, we are able to update an assets
metadata through an Oracle communicating with the asset provider. Simply put, an Oracle send
and recieves data to/from and asset through the available API. If the asset does not currently have
an API available that meets our requirements, in the early stages we will be co-ordinating with the
asset provider on how they can meet our requirements. Once data has been received, it is stored
not only in the assets smart contract, but also a decentralized database known as BigChainDB.
Storing pictures, descriptions, and any relevant data that does not affect the revenue distribution
stream among investors.

TechnologiesUsed:
Ethereum:
The whole MyBit platform is built ontop of Ethereum, utilising smart contracts for fully decentralized,
trustworthy automation.

BigChainDB:
We are storing some metadata, such as an assets description and relevant pictures on BigChainDb.
BigChainDB is a decentralized database, and allows the platform to run more efficiently and cost
effective, by not storing all data on Ethereums blockchain.

TestRPC:
The most trusted offline, localized simulation of the Ethereum blockchain, to publish smart contracts
for testing.

Truffle:
A javascript orientated testing suite, that can interact with smart contracts on a localized or online
chain for testing instantly.



Populus:
A python orientated testing suite similar to truffle, that can interact with smart contracts on a local-
ized or online chain for testing instantly.

Web3:
A javascript library that allows interaction with a local or remote Ethereum node, using HTTP or IPC
connection, to retrieve data from the blockchain.

React:
A javascript library used for our user interface.

MetaMask:
A browser plugin that allows users to run Ethereum Dapps within their browser, without running a
full Ethereum node.

ShapeShift:
Shapeshift is the fastest method for exchanging cryptocurrencies.

Paying Transaction Fees(gas) w ith MyBit tokens:
Currently, the MyBit platform accepts Ether as the only method for gas costs. The platform will be
implementing MyBit tokens available to use for the gas costs, when there is more adoption on the
platform to increase liquidity. The current implementation for this has not been tested strenuously,
and we wish to successfully implement the platform with Ether first, then giving users the choice of
paying in Ether or MyBit.

Fiat use on platform:
MyBit is not the only platform that wants to integrate fiat into their platform, but there is a clear gap
in the market for using fiat within the Blockchain space. We have the goal of integrating fiat into the
platform for ease of use, allowing any individual to use the platform whether they have knowledge on
Blockchain technology or not. Currently, there is no clear answer to integrating this into the platform,
but we are currently focusing on allowing every cryptocurrency to be used on the platform, and when
an established method for using fiat has been created we will integrate it with ease. The general
idea, is any person can come and use a credit/debit card on the platform, which will automatically
result in the user having either MyBit tokens or Ether to use on the platform.

Other cryptos use on platform:
Using other cryptocurrencies on the platform is a lot easier to implement than using fiat right now.
Users can come onto the platform and deposit any cryptocurrency supported by Shapeshift which
will change their cryptocurrency of choice into MyBit or Ether to be used on the platform.
Shapeshift already have the facilities to do this operation, through their public API. We can simply
make a call to the API specifying the users current cryptocurrency and address, with the newly de-
sired concurrency and their MyBit address to deposit the new cryptocurrency. As of now, the funds
are deposited into their MyBit account to be used on the platform, but we are working to integrate
this all transaction aspects of the network, so if the user wants to fund an asset but only has Basic
Attention Token(BAT), they will not need to go through a step of converting to deposit then execute,
but simply converting then executing.



Team:
Ian Worrall

Ian is a veteran to the bitcoin industry who began as a miner and trader and
moved into blockchain applications in 2013. His background is in finance,
investments, and distributed applications. In 2016 he was the youngest ever
recipient of Charlotte’s top 30 under 30 business leaders. His favorite aspects
of decentralisation are the empowerment it offers to people and the efficien-
cy plus risk aversion it offers to nearly all business models. He believes that
everything that can be decentralised will be decentralised over the next dec-
ade.

Kyle Dewhurst

Kyle is a blockchain engineer, developing Ethereum Dapps for various pro-
jects since early 2016. He first became obseesed with decentralized technol-
ogies studying computer science at UBC, and soon after left to work full-time
developing Solidity contracts. Having a keen interest in system design and
cryptography, he is naturally drawn to verification systems and consensus
based governance models. At MyBit, Kyle specializes in designing and testing
smart-contracts, which will enable users to fund Assets and democratize the
machine economy.

Connor Howe

Connor is a Blockchain engineer, who has experience not only in the block-
chain industry for some years, but also the cyber security industry. Connor
was an early Bitcoin user, and understood howmassive decentralization could
affect day to day life. Naturally, his passions are cryptography, decentraliza-
tion and Blockchain technology. Connor creates, designs, and tests smart
contracts on the MyBit platform, and assists in the usage of smart contracts
on the front end.

Ash Halladay

Ash brings 8 years creative experience working on brand development, digital
design and creative consultancy. Working on major global brands such as
Siemens, Tech Data and Barclays and has also worked on brand creation for
a number of startups. He’s picked up multiple design awards and has a
passion for trust-less value transfer in the future decentralised economy.

Nikola Randelovic

Nikola Randelovic is an expert chess player before he took on management,
currently specializes in organization and effective communication of
cryptocurrency projects.



Tom Pollan

Tom has vast knowledge and experience in helping small, medium, and large
businesses achieve growth in new and existing markets. A former Accenture
partner, Hewlett Packard Director and entrepreneur, Tom is an expert in strat-
egy formation, business transformation and complex technology implementa-
tions across the professional services, consumer goods and financial services
industries.

BusinessModel +Legal Structure
MyBit is categorized as an Investment Platform under the Financial Technology sector. This means
that MyBit is a toolkit/software application to streamline investing, but is not in the business of man-
aging money nor making decisions on behalf of clients.
Parent Organization: MyBit Foundation (Swiss Non-profit)

Operating Entity: MyBit.io Limited (Swiss Entity, may elect transition to German in future)

Network Participants: Token Holders (Global, no borders, open to everyone)

MYB
Token Holders

Foundation

MyBit Foundation is in charge of the overall management and oversight to keep the MyBit network
in good health. It will be in charge of managing all tokens, contributions, and other revenue flows.
Currently it’s board members include the directors of the MyBit operating company. Over time out-
side parties consisting of highly reputable and knowledgeable figures in the Blockchain space will be
invited to join. Any major changes to the network will first be placed to a vote by the directors of the
foundation before being placed into effect; however, it is ultimately up to the network participants.

MyBit.io Limited is the operating entity that will be contracted by the foundation to build and deploy
the core decentralized application as well as be a candidate for future implementations. Please note
that the foundation ultimately has the final decision as to where funds will be allocated and what
companies will be contracted. Some functionality, security audits, etc. may require third-party ven-
dors and service providers to work independently or jointly with MyBit.io Limited.

Network participants consist of token holders who ultimately control the direction and ongoing suc-
cess of the MyBit network. Anyone can become a network participant via the acquisition of MyBit
tokens during the crowdfunding period, on an exchange, or via a private party.

José Aguinaga

José is a Web Engineer with multiple years of experience in JavaScript relat-
ed technologies and Software Engineering. Having worked for different start-
ups in various cities across the world like Zürich, San Francisco, MéxicoCity,
and Bali, José has developed an insider’s understanding of the Startup culture
within the Fintech and Blockchain ecosystem.

Advisors :



Conclusion:

Resources:

Join us on Slack here:

Github: ht tps://github.com /MyBitFoundat ion

Follow us on social:

Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VF6QSc0tQoY

https://twitter.com/MyBit_DAppTw itter:

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/company/17953642/

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MyBitDApp/

MyBit Stiftung (MyBit Foundation) is registered in Zug,
Switzerland. Identification number CHE-177.186.963.



References:

“Centralized Vs. Decentralized Organizational Structure.” Centralized Vs. Decentralized Organiza-
tional Structure | Chron.com. N.p., n.d. Web. 12 Jan. 2017.

http://keydifferences.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/Centralization-Vs-Decentralization3.jpg

Norton, Steven. “CIO Explainer: What Is Blockchain?” The Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Com-
pany, 02 Feb. 2016. Web. 12 Jan. 2017.

DavidJohnstonCEO. “DavidJohnstonCEO/DecentralizedApplications.” GitHub. N.p., 02

Feb. 2015. Web. 12 Jan. 2017.

“DecentralizedApplication Layer.” DecentralizedApplications - Codius Docs. N.p., n.d. Web. 12 Jan.
2017.

http://image.slidesharecdn.com/blockchainfromabankingperspective-160419115524/95/block-
chain-from-a-banking-perspective-18-638.jpg?cb=1461068068

Mougayar, William. “Understanding the Blockchain.” O’Reilly Media. N.p., 15 Jan. 2015. Web. 12
Jan. 2017.

Chan, Ronald. “Consensus Mechanisms Used in Blockchain.” Linkedin. N.p., 2 May 2016. Web.

“Ethereum Project.” Ethereum Project. N.p., n.d. Web. 12 Jan. 2017.

“Proof of Knowledge vs. Proof of Membership.” SpringerReference (n.d.): n. pag. Web.

“Blockchain Technology.” (2016): n. pag. Web.

Pabari, Mayur. Decentralized Specs. N.p.: Mayur Pabari, 9 Jan. 2016. PDF.

Matt Lindner Associate Editor. “Global E-commerce Sales Set to Grow 25% in 2015.”

Global E-marketer Set to Grow 25% in 2015. N.p., n.d. Web. 12 Jan. 2017.

Quiggle, Dennis Jay Jim. “By the Numbers.” Fraud Statistics. N.p., n.d. Web. 12 Jan. 2017.


