









































NaPo l e oNX

1

NAPOLEONX Whitepaper

Introduction 

 

The Satoshi’s whitepaper and the creation of Bitcoin have been one of 
the most significant events since the creation of internet. By giving access 
to cryptocurrencies to anybody, lowering the fees of any transaction and 
freeing the protocol from the “old” banking system, the blockchain protocol 
is undoubtedly leading us to a disruptive evolution. 

Yet, the expected massive adoption is still on its way. We do believe that this 
is due to the fact that one core brick is missing: the investment brick. Today, 
even the most enthusiastic cryptocurrency holders are stuck within the classic 
banking system to manage their own savings! To reach global adoption, 
ETH, Bitcoin, and cryptocurrencies in general, need a large spectrum of 
listed assets that coin holders could invest in, including classical assets such 
as ETFs, stocks, fixed income, currencies, commodities, etc.

We think that two concomitant elements are creating a new paradigm 
that will completely redefine the investment industry, to the benefit of the 
community, while giving anyone access to the best investment strategies. 
On the one hand, we assist to the emergence of new governance schemes 
enabled by smart contracts (and the corresponding DAOs, DACs, etc) and 
on the other hand, we observe the omnipresence of the investing quant 
strategies and bots in the best hedge funds and banks. Combining these two 
growing elements allows people to get their complete freedom back on their 
investments, far from the current investment scheme controlled by the (old) 
banking system. Thus, instead of being advised by a banker, maybe more 
interested in selling its own products, investors would have direct access to a 
set of Decentralized Autonomous Funds to optimize their risk/return profile. 
Indeed, they will decide on the investment strategy (financial leverage and 
trading bots choice) within a growing selection over time to best fit their own 
needs.

Besides this revolution per se, we think that creating seamless access to 
a large set of tangible performing asset classes will also accelerate the 
massive use of cryptocurrencies in general. If any cryptocurrency holder 
could seamlessly manage one’s savings to invest in crypto assets, real assets 
or financial markets, it would be a game changer, for both the cryptoworld 
and the traditional asset management industry!

NaPo l e oNX

Wh i t e P a P e R
2 0 1 7

ICO powered by



NaPo l e oNX

2

SMART COLLABORATIVE INVESTING

The first 100% algorithmic crypto asset manager surfing on two exponential 
trends: the quantitative management wave and the crypto currency universe’s 
expansion. Founded by ex-multi-billions asset managers in tier 1 banks, it 
will propose all-weather performing investment solutions for crypto holders, 

through Decentralized Autonomous Funds (DAFs). 

By Arnaud Dartois, Stéphane Ifrah & Jean-Charles Dudek 
Napoleon Crypto SAS 

ico@napoleonx.ai 
www.napoleonx.ai

Current Version: V5 
Date: November, 21st 2017

 

Abstract: Investment solutions are still limited within the blockchain ecosystem, 
restricting investors to manage most of their savings outside the cryptocurrency 
environment. We believe that the feasibility to invest in a large spectrum of 
performing assets, through tokenization of the financial markets, would be 
the game changer for the massive adoption of cryptocurrencies. Indeed, so 
far cryptocurrencies have mostly been contained as a mean of payment. It is 
now time to accelerate the “store of value” beyond the simple appreciation 
against fiat currencies. 

We propose the first solution of smart collaborative investing dedicated to 
cryptocurrencies holders, through the creation of Decentralized Autonomous 
Funds (DAFs). Each DAF will be a crypto-fund whose investment strategy 
shall be governed by a blend of trading bots. At first, each DAFs will be 
created for a unique underlying assets. In a second stage combination of 
underlying assets might be allowed in the DAFs.

The NaPoleonX token (NPX) holders, by participating to the selection of 
the trading bots, will benefit from (i) the rights to use for their own personal 
account the trading signals provided by the first trading bots and (ii) a revenue 
share from the Rental Fees (referred to as “Botons” in this Whitepaper) paid 
by the DAFs for the use of the trading bots. Botons will be equal to 25% of 
gross performance. The NPX token holders will get 85% of these Botons for 
the 10 first DAFs that Napoleon Crypto will create. 

mailto:ico%40napoleonx.ai?subject=
http://www.napoleonx.ai


NaPo l e oNX

3

DISCLAIMER

This draft White Paper is for discussion and pre-information purposes only. 
The information contained herein is subject to change. No part of this White 
Paper is legally binding or enforceable, nor is it meant to be, until it has 
been discussed, reviewed and revised by Napoleon Crypto SAS’ board of 
directors, board of advisors and lawyers. Please do not copy or disseminate 
any part of this White Paper without including this disclaimer. The final 
version of this White Paper will be published as soon as adopted. 

The Initial Coin Offering (hereafter, the “ICO”) project presented by Napoleon 
Crypto SAS (hereafter, the “Company”) is an unregulated fundraising 
operation. It poses several risks to buyers, in particular, that of losing all 
amounts traded for NPX.

You acknowledge and agree that there are risks associated with purchasing, 
holding, and using NPX in connection with the Company’s product, services 
and platform developed for such products and/or services (hereafter, the 
“Platform”), as disclosed and explained in this White Paper and in the Terms 
and Condition available at ico.napoleonx.ai.

If you have any questions regarding these risks, please contact us at 
customer@napoleonx.ai. 

BY PURCHASING NPX, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND ASSUME 
THESE RISKS.

Only people who are fully aware of these risks should participate in the 
ICO. Note also that the ICO excludes certain groups of people such as “U.S. 
Person” (within the meaning of “Regulation S” of the Securities Act 1933 
under U.S. law) and private individual acting on a non-professional basis as 
a simple consumer (within the meaning of EU Directive 2011/83/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 25 October 2011 on consumer 
rights).

http://ico.napoleonx.ai
mailto:customer%40napoleonx.ai?subject=


NaPo l e oNX

4

TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION 5

OUR VISION 6

   1. Tokenization opens the door to DAFs 6

   2. Bypassing the traditional asset management system 6

   3. Extending the investment universe to real assets enables 
       to transfer  value and liquidity from the “real” world to the 
       crypto ecosystem 7

   4. Boosting exponential rise in crypto market capitalization 9

NAPOLEONX - THE FIRST 100% ALGORITHMIC CRYPTO 
ASSET MANAGER 10

   1. The Project 10

   2. The NPX Token 10

   3. DAF concept (see Appendix for more details) 11

   4. Revenues assumptions 12

   5. The team 14

        5.1 The Founders 14

        5.2 The Team 15

THE INITIAL COIN OFFERING AND THE FOLLOWING STEPS 17

   1. NaPoleonX ICO 17

   2. ICO Mechanism and Issue of NPX tokens 18

   3. Uses and Sources 21

   4. Pre-ICO and Green List 21

   5. Roadmap and first DAFs proposed by Napoleon Crypto 22

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 22

LEGAL DISCLAIMER 23

APPENDIX 34



NaPo l e oNX

5

Wh i t e P a P e R

INTRODUCTION 

The Satoshi’s whitepaper and the creation of Bitcoin have been one of 
the most significant events since the creation of internet. By giving access 
to cryptocurrencies to anybody, lowering the fees of any transaction and 
freeing the protocol from the “old” banking system, the blockchain protocol 
is undoubtedly leading us to a disruptive evolution. 

Yet, the expected massive adoption is still on its way. We do believe that this 
is due to the fact that one core brick is missing: the investment brick. Today, 
even the most enthusiastic cryptocurrency holders are stuck within the classic 
banking system to manage their own savings! To reach global adoption, 
ETH, Bitcoin, and cryptocurrencies in general, need a large spectrum of 
listed assets that coin holders could invest in, including classical assets such 
as ETFs, stocks, fixed income, currencies, commodities, etc.

We think that two concomitant elements are creating a new paradigm 
that will completely redefine the investment industry, to the benefit of the 
community, while giving anyone access to the best investment strategies. 
On the one hand, we assist to the emergence of new governance schemes 
enabled by smart contracts (and the corresponding DAOs, DACs, etc) and 
on the other hand, we observe the omnipresence of the investing quant 
strategies and bots in the best hedge funds and banks. Combining these two 
growing elements allows people to get their complete freedom back on their 
investments, far from the current investment scheme controlled by the (old) 



NaPo l e oNX

6

banking system. Thus, instead of being advised by a banker, maybe more 
interested in selling its own products, investors would have direct access to a 
set of Decentralized Autonomous Funds to optimize their risk/return profile. 
Indeed, they will decide on the investment strategy (financial leverage and 
trading bots choice) within a growing selection over time to best fit their own 
needs.

Besides this revolution per se, we think that creating seamless access to 
a large set of tangible performing asset classes will also accelerate the 
massive use of cryptocurrencies in general. If any cryptocurrency holder 
could seamlessly manage one’s savings to invest in crypto assets, real assets 
or financial markets, it would be a game changer, for both the cryptoworld 
and the traditional asset management industry!

OUR VISION

 1. Tokenization opens the door to DAFsOur vision is that, within a few years, most of today’s real assets 
will be tokenized implying that most of the Stock Exchanges will authorize 
the issuance of shares in crypto-currencies. Consequently, it will be possible, 
for instance, to buy Coca-Cola company’s or Apple’s shares directly in 
crypto-currencies. At such point, the crypto-ecosystem will become the new 
normality, leading to a mainstream status. From this vision, we have created 
the DAF (Decentralized Autonomous Fund) concept to give investors access 
to robust investing strategies on any real or crypto assets diversifying their 
investment returns.

Once any investment will be accessible to the crypto world, it 
will be possible to embed quantitative investment strategies 
(i.e. trading bots) within smart contracts, creating the ultimate 
investment vehicle. 

2. Bypassing the traditional asset management systemThe asset management industry has been dominated, in an 
oligopolistic manner, by large banks or financial institutions for ages. They 
have collected huge amounts of fees while delivering poor performance. This 



NaPo l e oNX

7

has been done on the back of investors, whom are the real risk takers, and it 
is even more true in a very low rates environment typical of the last decade. 
Consequently, they have started being challenged by trading bots which are 
very cost effective. Over the years, algorithms will become smarter and more 
efficient. They will reduce all these undue expensive management fees down 
to more acceptable levels.

From a broader perspective, quantitative strategies have gained exponential 
interests for the last years. As an example, the graph below shows the 
growth in assets under management for systematic strategies called Smart 
Beta (black plain line), which are strategies of relative low intelligence, yet 
exponential interest by traditional investors:

Source: Morningstar, Wells Fargo Investment Institute Global Manager Research, May 2017

3. Extending the investment universe to real assets enables to transfer value and liquidity from the 
“real” world to the crypto ecosystem
To trade crypto-assets is very convenient since it may benefit from the full 
power of smart contracts with a completely seamless structure within the 
crypto environment. However, we are convinced that restricting investments 
to these assets only would be a mistake, for the following several reasons:



NaPo l e oNX

8

• Volume

Even with the recent market capitalization records, BTC and ETH 
are still a fraction of the largest asset markets (equities, fixed income 
…). Giving the possibility to invest in real assets would allow to 
manage larger amounts of funds from day one than simply trading 
altcoins and bitcoin. 

• Value Transfer

With efficient trading strategies, lots of value can be seized from the 
real world and transfer back to the crypto ecosystem. Such value 
transfer shall fuel the growth of the crypto world and accelerate its 
journey towards general acceptance (virtuous cycle).

• Diversification

Portfolio management intrinsically relies on diversification. 
Creating numerous DAFs will offer this possibility. 

The NaPoleonX project has been launched because we believe we should 
contribute to the tokenization of real assets happen rather than wait for it.

The way we are seeing the crypto-market universe of investment solutions:

Ri
sk

 /
 R

et
ur

n

ScalabilityLow
High

High

NaPoleonX’s
investment
solutions

ICOs
ICO funds

Ethereum
BitcoinCrypto funds

Altcoins

Natural playground of big and 
institutional investors 

= 
Major opportunity for scalable & 

performing products



NaPo l e oNX

9

4. Boosting exponential rise in crypto market capitalization
Total market capitalization for all crypto currencies has experienced an 
exponential rise due to the beginning of democratization among fiat holders. 
To develop further there will need to be several conditions including some 
kind of regulatory framework and the development of investment solutions.

Source: www. coinmarketcap.com

Our vision is that in a few years time, large institutional investors will start 
diversifying their investment portfolio in order to incorporate these new assets 
in their allocation. Before that, Family Offices, Private Bank and Wealth 
Management Bank clients will also start allocating some of their portfolios 
into crypto assets.

$200B

$150B

$100B

$50B

$0

2014 2015 2016 2017

-------   Market cap           ||     24h Vol

2014                                               2016



NaPo l e oNX

10

NAPOLEONX 
- THE FIRST 100% ALGORITHMIC 

CRYPTO ASSET MANAGER

1. The projectNaPoleonX will be the first 100% algorithmic crypto asset manager. 
The project is founded by ex-multi-billions asset managers in Tier 1 banks, 
who have already designed, created and traded performing trading bots for 
the past 15 years. 

The NaPoleonX smartcontract will be deployed by Napoleon Crypto SAS, 
a French company. This company will hold or benefit from the intellectual 
property over the trading bots for the first 10 DAFs that are proposed in 
this project. This intellectual property will be shared with NPX token holders 
according to two modalities: the diffusion of trading signals used by the 
DAFs and a revenue share over the DAFs bots’ rental fees

Napoleon Crypto SAS or a fully owned subsidiary may apply for an asset 
management license in a EU country as soon as the ICO has been completed. 
At this stage, France and Luxembourg are strongly considered as potential 
candidates as both Stéphane Ifrah and Jean-Charles Dudek have managed 
French and Luxembourg funds during their previous job at BNP Paribas Asset 
Management and Natixis Asset Management.

As of today, more than 20 performing trading bots are available. A first 
batch of 10 DAFs will be launched at predefined conditions and only based 
on Napoleon Crypto intellectual property. After that, a negotiation will be 
set up between NPX token holders, Napoleon Crypto and potential external 
strategy provider for each new DAF.

2. The NPX tokenAs participant to the NaPoleonX ICO, each subscriber will be 
attributed some NPX tokens. Essentially, the NPX token is a token giving 
right to:

• the personal usage of the trading bots signals of the trading bots that 
will be implemented in the 10 first DAFs. Corresponding signals will 
be transmitted to the NPX token holders through a mechanism that 
shall ensure that NPX tokens are needed to access this information. In 



NaPo l e oNX

11

addition, there will be a mechanism so that the more tokens are hold, 
the soonest the information is delivered. The usage will be at the sole 
discretion of the NPX token holders.

• access to rental fees (“Botons”), for the first 10 DAFs . These Botons, 
which represent a rental fee over the proposed bots, will be payable 
on a monthly basis and equal to 25% of the positive performance. 
NPX token holders will be granted 85% of these Botons and Napoleon 
Crypto SAS 15%. Last but not least, these Botons will be payable in 
new DAF tokens issuance for the corresponding value.

Besides, the NPX token holders shall have access to a Platform enabling 
them to access their own account and reporting on DAF tokens received as 
Botons. This Platform shall also enable anyone:

• to access the updated audits of the several trading bots, to check the 
latest performances of bots

• to monitor the token events and performance of each DAF,

• and to have access to relevant documentation on trading bots.

3. DAF concept (see Appendix for more details)DAFs are the ultimate investment vehicles since they intrinsically 
give access to the latest trading techniques and algorithms (bots). Napoleon 
Crypto SAS will make available its existing library but will also give access to 
any future development. Each DAF will use one or a combination of trading 
bots.

From a legal point of view, DAF may take the form of discretionary 
mandates, funds or other adequate legal form. From a conservative point of 
view, Napoleon Crypto SAS (or a subsidiary) may candidate for an asset 
management license in a EU Country, that shall be preferably France or 
Luxembourg, mainly due to the asset management experience of the founders 
in both countries. 

Due to their underlying legal structuring (as mandate or fund for instance), 
DAFs may be restricted to some specific categories of investors, such as 
qualified investors. However, even if DAFs may be very interesting for 
retail investors, the main target of investor is qualified investors with large 
investment capacities (and needs). It is reminded that, so far and to the 
founder’s knowledge, NaPoleonX will be the first entity to offer very scalable 
investment solutions, i.e. able to handle very large amounts of investments 
(> 100 m€).



NaPo l e oNX

12

New DAFs may be regularly proposed by Napoleon Crypto SAS or any 
other Strategy Provider (as defined further) to the NPX token holders. In 
order to be attractive to a large range of investors, DAF may be created 
with different governance models, Botons’ consumptions or even underlying 
blockchains (including BTC).

Any Strategy Provider proposing a DAF, shall present the set of eligible 
trading bots and the governance model enabling to select the trading bots 
that shall be used together with the financial leverage. It shall also indicate 
the Botons’ consumption, and the portion of the Botons collected that shall be 
ultimately affected to the NPX token holders.

Botons shall be paid by each DAF on a monthly basis, by the issuance of 
new DAF tokens, matching the value of the Botons consumed on the previous 
month. At payment dates, the Net Asset Value of a DAF token is computed 
(the NAV price), and the amount of the Botons consumed is issued at the 
NAV price to the benefice of the NPX token holders, the Strategy Provider 
and Napoleon Crypto SAS.

4. Revenues assumptionsA base case scenario based only on the 10 first DAFs detailed on 
the Blackpaper can be drawn.

Taken the following hypothesis:

Global hypothesys

Nb of NPX tokens detained             100 
Nb of NPX tokens issued  10 000 000

1) Use of trading signal

Beginning date      1/4/2018 
Personnal investment in ETH (hyp.)      10

2) Revenues share from trading bots

SCO each x months      6 
Botons (Perf Fees)      25% 
To NPX 85%



NaPo l e oNX

13

DAF N°

Yearly gross perf 
(hypothesis)

Use of 
trading 
signal

Revenues share of Botons 
from 10 first DAFs

Yearly 
gross perf 

(hypothesis)

Monthly 
gross perf

Personal 
Investment 

(hypothesis)

ICO month 
post AM 
License

AuM 
in ETH

AuM 
per SCO

DAF1 50,00% 4,17% 1 2 40 000 80 000

DAF2 25,00% 2,08% 1 3 40 000 80 000

DAF3 40,00% 3,33% 1 4 40 000 80 000

DAF4 10,00% 0,83% 1 5 40 000 80 000

DAF5 30,00% 2,50% 1 6 40 000 80 000

DAF6 15,00% 1,25% 1 7 40 000 80 000

DAF7 45,00% 3,75% 1 8 40 000 80 000

DAF8 10,00% 0,83% 1 9 40 000 80 000

DAF9 50,00% 4,17% 1 10 40 000 80 000

DAF10 20,00% 1,67% 1 11 40 000 80 000

We get the following: 

Base Case NaPoleoNX

2018 2019 2020 2021 2022

1) Personnal usage of trading signals

Performance for 100 NPX 2,51 4,68 6,92 10,39 15,76

2) Revenues share from 10 firsts DAFs

Raised through DAF’s ICO/SCO (in ETH) 600 000 1 560 000 1 600 000 320 000 0

Performance generated (in ETH) 68 053 520 674 1 328 693 2 337 545 3 491 236

Asset under management (in ETH) 649 584 2 676 608 5 525 276 8 102 672 11 477 964

Botons to NPX (in ETH value) 14 461 110 643 282 347 496 728 741 888

Botons for 100 NPX 0,14 1,11 2,82 4,97 7,42

Total for 100 NPX 2,66 5,78 9,75 15,35 23,18



NaPo l e oNX

14

5. The Team
5.1 The Founders

The NaPoleonX’s project is born in the brains of ex-finance executives who 
have each more than 15 years of experience in the finance sector.

STÉPHANE IFRAH

Stephane started developing algorithmic strategies more 
than 10 years ago at BNP Paribas. Stephane headed 
an investment team managing EUR 4.0bn until 2013. He 
then turned to entrepreneurship and participated in the 
launch of a Hedge Fund. He has built a more than 20 

long standing scalable strategies library over the years. More recently, he 
has started developing for the crypto currency world. He graduated from the 
best MS in France (École Polytechnique) and holds another MS degree from 
ENSP. He also holds a Data Science certification from École Polytechnique.

JEAN-CHARLES DUDEK

Jean-Charles is an experienced banker with more than 12 
years in Tier 1 banks. As former Head of Active Protected 
Fund Management at BNPP AM (heading 3 experienced 
portfolio managers), he managed more than 3bn€ of 
AUM for several years. Jean-Charles has a long standing 

experience on both sell and buy sides. He met Stéphane when they both 
worked at BNPP. Stéphane asked Jean-Charles to join the project and to 
bring his management and structuring strong expertise to the crypto universe. 
Jean-Charles studied Bank, Finance and & Insurance in Paris IX Dauphine 
and Paris X Nanterre.

ARNAUD DARTOIS (PHD)

After several years working as a private equity investor, 
mainly in the health and waste business, Arnaud 
became independant advisor and entrepreneur. He’s got 
interested in Blockchain since 2015 and met Stephane 
during the Data Science Program organized by École 



NaPo l e oNX

15

Polytechnique (French MIT). They formalized the DAF concept in December 
2016 and decided to launch NaPoleonX afterwards, to revolutionize the 
emerging blockchain investment universe. Arnaud holds a MS from École 
Polytechnique and PhD in Computer Science (Algebraic combinatorics) from 
École Polytechnique and ENS.

5.2 The Team

STEFAN DUPREY (PHD)

Stefan has a strong and mixed profile being a quantitative developer with 
extensive expertise in derivatives pricing, electronic trading and asset 
management but also extensive programming knowledge ranging from C/
C++, java up to python and R. Stefan got recently hooked up to smart contract 
programming and is a blockchain enthusiast. He has been the recipient of 
a PhD thesis from INRIA at the meeting point between applied mathematics, 
computer science and physics.

ALEXANDRE COUTOULY

Alexandre is a Software Engineer. He started his career as responsible of 
several Trading tools on the Listed Products Trading Desk at Société Générale 
CIB before joining Ernst & Young as a Senior Consultant where he met 
Stephane. He holds a M.Eng. from Ecole des Mines de Douai.

RÉMI HASSAN

A software engineer with an extensive background in finance. Rémi started 
his career as a market risk analyst at Crédit Agricole CIB before joining 
Société Générale CIB as a software engineer. Within delta one trading desk, 
he was responsible of several tactical tools and automatons. 

CARLOS RODRIGUEZ

Carlos is student at École 42, a school based on a peer-to-peer learning 
model founded by Xavier Niel, also founder of StationF, the world biggest 
startup campus. He has great skills in C language and an autonomous, 
polyvalent profile. He loves blockchain, computer languages and philosophy.



NaPo l e oNX

16

DIANE GUILLEMIN

After numerous experiences in both international and small companies, 
Diane developed a keen interest in entrepreneurship and joined NaPoleonX 
in April 2017 as CMO. She graduated from Panthéon-Sorbonne University 
in Paris with two Master’s Degrees: one in Applied Mathematics and the 
other one in Banking and Finance.

MARIEN IRZYKIEWICZ, CAIA

Marien holds a Bachelor degree in economics and a Master in finance. 
He is a CAIA charter holder and a CFA level 3 candidate. After several 
experiences in investment and risk management, he wanted to dedicate his 
career to a new challenge, driven by his deep passion for crypto currencies 
and blockchain revolution.

JIANFEI ZHANG  

Jianfei has got a bachelor’s degree of Southeast University in Information 
Engineering and is studying applied mathematics and computer science 
at École Polytechnique. With experience in web development and deep 
learning, he is passionate about all kinds of innovative technologies related 
to computer science.

KUN XU

Kun is an engineer student at École Polytechnique (French MIT). He has 
obtained a Bachelor degree in Mathematics in China and he currently works 
for NaPoleonX as an analyst. He is interested by the Blockchain technology and 
he prepares himself to participate in the revolution of cryptocurrency. 



NaPo l e oNX

17

THE INITIAL COIN OFFERING 
AND THE FOLLOWING STEPS

1. NaPoleonX ICOAny crypto-investor will have the opportunity to participate in the 
NaPoleonX project through an ICO to be launched on 4th December 2017 
on the Ethereum blockchain.

NaPoleonX will launch its ICO by issuing NPX tokens and is aiming to collect 
40 000 ETH that will be sold by Napoleon Crypto SAS, in order to:

• Acquire or rent the required asset management licenses to launch DAFs

• Develop a Platform:

to publish indices based on proposed strategies for performance 
monitoring

for NPX token holders to get access to the trading signals of the 
DAFs

for NPX token holders to manage their private account (including 
collected DAF tokens as payments of Botons) and vote on collective 
decisions,

for future DAF subscribers to manage their portfolio of assets,

for DAFs to manage ICO and successive SCOs

• Promote the NPX tokens,

• Promote the DAFs’ creation and performances,

• Finance the R&D to create new performing trading bots

There is no minimum amount below which (once the BTC- and EUR-
denominated purchases have been converted to ETH using the appropriate 
daily conversion rate based on the closing values provided at coinmarketcap.
com), the Company undertakes to repay each purchaser for the amount 
received for the purchase of NPX. However, the Company may decide at 
it sole discretion to repay each purchaser for the amount received for the 
purchase of NPX (provided that the Company shall not indemnify purchasers 
for the gas and fees spend for their purchase and repayment). If repayment 
is not decided, the Company shall issue and deliver NPX to each purchaser. 



NaPo l e oNX

18

Hardware wallet and multi-sig:

A hardware wallet will be set up so that all raised amount will be transferred 
to it after the successful ICO. Solutions proposed by Ledger will be preferred. 
The aim will be to transfer all amount to a multi-sig smart-contract that will 
be controlled only from hardware wallets. Such multi-sig contract will be a 
4/6 multi-sig, so that the validation of 4 private keys among 6 is necessary 
to transfer funds from it, except for a small amount per day (20 ETH) as 
conceived by Consensys on its multi-sig template contract. 

2. ICO Mechanism and Issue of NPX tokens 
ICO Mechanism

The ICO smart-contract will be used to track all the contributions made by 
the several subscribers. Due to (i) the founders’ past experience, (ii) to the 
ambition of the NaPoleonX project, (iii) to the early investors considerations, 
(iv) to the several alerts made by diverse regulators around the world and 
(v) to the numerous risks of being too borderline, a strong emphasis on the 
compliance of the ICO process with the local regulation (France) has been 
decided.

As such, advised by Chaineum and Hubert de Vauplane from Kramer Levin 
Naftalis & Frankel LLP, it has been decided to follow the following process:

• Contributions will be accepted in ETH, but also in EUR and BTC. For 
each subscription in fiat or BTC, a daily conversion rate will be applied, 
ex-post, through the closing values given by coinmarketcap.com. 

• Contributions will be received through three (ETH, BTC and EUR) escrow 
accounts 

For ETH and BTC contributions, each participant will receive a 
customized address to send its contribution to, once a KYC/AML 
process has been cleared, as more detailed below.

For EUR contributions, a payment by credit card will be available 
on top of the regular fund transfers.

• Contributions will be subject to:

A minimal amount of 1 ETH or 0,1 BTC or 1000 EUR



NaPo l e oNX

19

Not being from the following countries:

• USA (for citizenship or residency)

• North Korea

• Iran

• Iraq

• Lybia

• Syria

• South Sudan

• Cuba

Not being a terrorist or a politically exposed person

• A KYC/AML process will be conducted including 

the declaration of:

• First and Last Name

• Date and Location of Birth

• Current address

• Purchaser’s citizenship and country of tax residence;

A copy of:

• Passport or ID card

This full mechanism may be subject to change. Please refer to our website to 
get the fully updated process.

Issue of NPX tokens

One hundred Napoleon Coin (NPX) token will be issued for 1 ETH: 100 
NPX = 1 ETH. 1 NPX token will be decimalized with 2 decimals.

The smart-contract is a classic ERC20 contract, based on templates by 
OpenZeppelin and following recommendations of Consensys. It shall be 
audited by at least two third parties auditors.



NaPo l e oNX

20

Bonus Program

A Bonus Program will reward early subscribers with a maximum 20% bonus, 
according to the following table:

Bonus

Until the soonest of the two following events

Time after ICO launch ETH raised

20% 24 h 20 000

10% - 40 000

0 - 60 000

However, each contribution validly registered during the Pre-ICO (as 
described below) will have access to a 30% bonus rate regardless of the 
amount. However, Pre-ICO bonus program will be limited to the first 40 000 
ETH or equivalent. 

If during the Pre-ICO an amount X is committed, this bonus program will start 
at X and not 0. 

Bounty Program, Advisors and miscellaneous

A Bounty Program will be used to pay for external resources (ex: PR), external 
Advisors or miscellaneous that accept NPX tokens as payment during the pre 
ICO phase. The Bounty Program will be capped at 15% of the sold NPX 
tokens, including bonus. Unallocated amounts will be used at the discretion 
of the Founders. In particular, it would be used to contribute to NPX sale 
success.

NPX tokens granted to external Advisors shall be blocked for a 3-months 
period.

Reserve for Founders and Team

Founders and Team will get 15% of the NPX tokens.

To ensure that the Founders and Team will look forward to increase the 
value of the NPX tokens, they won’t be allowed to sell their NPX tokens for a 
minimum period of 6 months.



NaPo l e oNX

21

3. Uses and Sources
Global Uses and Sources

The target to develop the project is of 40 000 ETH. A max cap of 60 000 
is also set up.

Uses ETH Sources ETH

Asset Management license 
and operational dedicated 
infrastructure

10 000 ICO token sale 40 000

Set up cost (legal, …) 2 000

Napoleon Crypto Platform 
(including website, Index 
publisher, Reporting system 
and Voting system)

4 000

HR cost 8 000

Overhead costs 5 000

Data acquisition 6 000

PR / Marketing 5 000

TOTAL 40 000 TOTAL 40 000

If the ICO is successful, Napoleon Crypto SAS shall receive the total raised 
amount to deploy the program indicated above. 

4. Pre-ICO and Green ListAs several ICOs have experienced a tremendous interest, the 
Ethereum Blockchain have suffered high peaks of transactions demand, 
putting at risk the network itself and jeopardizing subscribers’ opportunity to 
participate in the project. 

To cope with this risk, it has been decided to organize a Pre-ICO. To access 
the Pre-ICO with a 30% bonus, potential subscribers shall have registered 



NaPo l e oNX

22

on the Green List (at: http://bonus.napoleonx.ai), and notably indicate their 
Minimal Contribution Intention (in ETH or equivalent) and their email.

For the Pre-ICO, bonus will only be available to people having registered on 
the Green List. Contribution and access to a 30% Bonus Program are fully 
granted to these subscribers subject to total Pre-ICO bonus limited to the first 
40,000 ETH or equivalent.

This will be specified on our crowdsale.napoleonx.ai payment website.

Please, check the following website: https://www.napoleonx.ai, for updates 
about the process. You can also send an email at contact@napoleonx.ai. 

5. Roadmap and first DAFs proposed by Napoleon Crypto
The complete roadmap may be seen on the website at: www.napoleonx.ai. 
It consists in setting up the regulatory and legal framework to launch and run 
the DAFs and then to propose the first DAFs. 

Napoleon Crypto SAS has already more than 20 performing strategies 
enabling the quick creation of 10 DAFs, as more detailed in the Blackpaper. 

For such DAFs, the variables shall be the followings:

• Strategy Provider: Napoleon Crypto SAS

• Underlying Asset: depending on the strategies (cf Blackpaper for more 
info)

• Currency: mostly ETH and BTC, but cf Blackpaper for more info

• Min Size: 20 000 ETH or equivalent in BTC

• Max Size: 250 000 ETH or equivalent in BTC

• Redemption Threshold: 75% of DAF token

• Botons’ consumption: 25% of Performance

• SCO Day: last day of the month, every 6 months after Launch Day

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

The Napoleon Crypto team would like to thank Chaineum, Kramer Levin 
Naftalis & Frankel LLP, Bity, the Asseth and Ethereum France for their comments 
and suggestions. 

http://bonus.napoleonx.ai/
http://crowdsale.napoleonx.ai
https://www.napoleonx.ai
mailto:contact%40napoleonx.ai?subject=
http://www.napoleonx.ai/


NaPo l e oNX

23

LEGAL DISCLAIMER

Any buyer purchasing the Company’s products or services expressly 
acknowledges technical and market uncertainties which are inherent in any 
business development project as presented in this White Paper (see below 
for risk factors) and that this project may therefore never come to fruition or 
may have to be abandoned, without the NPX being used. In such a case, 
the buyer expressly acknowledges and accepts that it will not be entitled 
to sue or bring any direct or indirect legal action before the courts, the 
arbitration bodies or any alternative dispute settlement body, either in France 
or abroad, against the Company, its directors, shareholders, employees or 
subcontractors in the event of the non-performance, non-deployment or non-
implementation of the project, even in cases where its NPX have lost some 
or all of their value.

In addition, the Company may not be held liable for any of the following:

i. use of services that are not compliant with the applicable terms; 

ii. non-performance, failure, malfunction or unavailability of the services 
due to a third party, the buyer, a third-party product, or the buyer’s 
breach of its obligations; 

iii. indirect damages such as business loss or disturbance, loss of orders, 
operating loss, infringement of the trade mark, loss of profits or clients 
(e.g. improper disclosure of confidential information concerning said 
clients due to failure or piracy of the Platform, third-party proceedings 
against the client, etc.);

iv. loss, disclosure or unlawful or fraudulent use of user sign ons by the 
buyers or third parties; 

v. suspension of access or temporary or permanent suspension of 
services (in particular, arising from a request issued by an appropriate 
administrative or judicial authority, or notification received from a 
third party); 

vi. loss, alteration or destruction of all or part of the content (information, 
data, applications, files or other items) hosted on the infrastructure, 
insofar as the Company is not responsible for managing the continuity 
of buyersbuyers’ activities, and data backups in particular; 

vii. mismatch between the services and the buyer’s needs (in particular, 
with regard to the sensitivity of the relevant data); 



NaPo l e oNX

24

viii. security incidents relating to use of the Internet, concerning in particular 
the loss, alteration, destruction, disclosure or unauthorized access to 
the buyer’s data or details on or via the Internet; and

ix. damages to systems, applications and other items installed by the 
buyer on the infrastructure.

General warning 

This White Paper does not constitute an offer or an invitation to sell shares, 
securities or rights belonging to the Company or any related or associated 
company. 

None of the information or analyses in this White Paper is intended to provide a 
basis for an investment decision, and no specific investment recommendation 
is made. Accordingly, this White Paper does not constitute investment advice 
or an invitation to invest in any security or financial instrument of any nature 
whatsoever. 

This White Paper does not constitute or form part of, and should not be 
construed as, an offer for a sale or subscription, or an invitation to buy or 
subscribe securities or financial instruments. This White Paper, or any of its 
component parts, does not constitute the basis for, or should not be used 
as a basis for, or in connection with, a contract for the sale of securities or 
financial instruments or a commitment to sell securities or financial instruments 
of any kind. 

The Company expressly disclaims any liability for any direct or indirect loss 
or damage of any kind arising directly or indirectly from:

i. any reliance on the information contained in this White Paper;

ii. any error, omission or inaccuracy in said information; or 

iii. any resulting action that may be brought.

This White Paper has been constructed in accordance with the applicable 
EU regulations.  

A NPX does not represent an investment 

in a security or a financial instrument within the meaning of EU Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 relating to markets in financial instruments: NPX confer no direct or 
indirect right to the Company’s capital or income, nor does it confer any 
governance right within the Company;



NaPo l e oNX

25

A NPX is not proof of ownership or a right of control 

Control over a NPX does not grant the controlling individual any asset or 
share in the Company, or in the Platform. A NPX does not grant any right to 
participate in control over the Company’s management or decision-making 
set-up, or over Platform.

A NPX is not an electronic currency 

within the meaning of EU Directive 2009/110/EC of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 September 2009 relating to access to and pursuit of 
the business of electronic currency institutions: NPX are not accepted outside 
the Platform and do not have a fixed exchange value equal to the amount 
delivered at the time of its issue; 

A NPX is not a payment service 

within the meaning of EU Directive 2007/64/EC of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 13 November 2007 relating to payment services in the 
internal market, nor within the meaning of EU Directive N° 2015/2366 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2015 relating 
to payment service 2 (DSP 2): the ICO does not involve the purchase and/
or sale of NPX and the Company’s business does not consist in receiving 
currencies against the delivery of NPX; as such, a NPX is not a means of 
payment either.

A NPX is a cryptographic token used by the Platform.

A NPX is a crypto-currency, i.e. an unregulated digital asset issued and 
controlled by its developers and used and accepted by the members of a 
given community.

Sales restrictions

Participation in the ICO is restricted to natural or legal persons acting within 
the scope of their professional activities. Any private individual acting on 
a non-professional basis as a simple consumer, within the meaning of EU 
Directive 2011/83/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 
October 2011 on consumer rights, is excluded from the ICO.

Documents linked to the ICO may not be transmitted or distributed to a 
“U.S. citizen” or to mail or email addresses in the United States of America. 
It is prohibited to transmit, distribute or reproduce documents linked to the 



NaPo l e oNX

26

ICO to or for a “U.S. citizen” or within the territories of the United States of 
America, in whole or in part.

To ensure their eligibility for the purchase of NPX, buyers expressly declare 
that they are not a “U.S. citizen” (within the meaning of “Regulation S” of 
the Securities Act 1933 under U.S. law), i.e.:

i. any private individual resident in the United States of America;

ii. any partnership or business organized or established under U.S. law;

iii. any property of which the executor or administrator is a U.S. citizen;

iv. any trust of which a proxy is an American citizen;

v. any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States 
of America;

vi. any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than a trust 
or property) held by a trader or other trustee for the benefit of or on 
behalf of a U.S. citizen;

vii. any discretionary account or similar account (other than a trust or trust) 
held by a trader or other trustee, that is organized, established or (if a 
private individual) resident in the United States of America; and

viii. any partnership or company if:

a. it is organized or established under the law of a foreign jurisdiction; 
and

b. it is formed by a U.S. citizen primarily for the purpose of investing 
in securities not listed under the U.S. Securities Act, unless it is 
organized or established, and owned, by accredited investors 
who are not private individuals, trusts or properties.

Warnings on the risks inherent to the ICO

Risk of loss of access to a NPX due to loss of credentials

Until it is distributed to the buyer, the said buyer’s NPX may be linked to a 
Company account. You can only access the Company account using the 
credentials selected by the buyer. The loss of these credentials will result in 
the loss of the NPX. Good practices advise buyers to store their credentials 
securely in one or more backup locations that are geographically separated 
from the work location. 



NaPo l e oNX

27

Risks Associated With the Ethereum Protocol

Both NPX and the Platform are based on the Ethereum protocol. Therefore, 
any malfunction, unplanned function or unexpected operation of the Ethereum 
protocol may cause the Platform or NPX to malfunction or operate in a way 
that is not expected. Ether, the native Ethereum Protocol account unit, may 
itself lose value in a similar way to NPX, and also in other ways. 

For more information on the Ethereum protocol, see 
> http://www.ethereum.org/ 

Risks associated with the buyer’s credentials

Any third party that obtains access to the buyer’s credentials or private keys 
may be able to use the buyer’s NPX. To minimize this risk, buyers must protect 
themselves against people gaining unauthorized access to their electronic 
devices. 

Legal risk and risk of adverse regulatory intervention in one or more 
jurisdictions

Blockchain technologies have been reviewed by various regulatory bodies 
around the world, including within the European Union. The ICO has been 
structured to comply with EU law applicable at the time of the offer. 

The operation of the Platform and of NPX may be impacted by the passing of 
restrictive laws, the publication of restrictive or negative opinions, the issuing 
of injunctions by national regulators, the initiation of regulatory actions or 
investigations, including but not limited to restrictions on the use or ownership 
of digital tokens such as NPX, which may prevent or limit development of the 
Platform. 

Given the lack of crypto-currency qualifications in most countries, each buyer 
is strongly advised to carry out a legal and tax analysis concerning the 
purchase and ownership of NPX according to their nationality and place of 
residence.

Risk of an alternative, unofficial Platform

Following presales and development of the original version of the Platform, 
there is a possibility that alternative platforms may have been established 
using the same open-source code and open source protocol that underlies 
the Platform. The official Platform may find itself in competition with these 
alternatives, unofficial platforms based on NPX, which could potentially 
adversely impact the Platform and NPX.

http://www.ethereum.org/


NaPo l e oNX

28

Risk of a lack of interest in the Platform or distributed applications

There is a possibility that the Platform may not be used by a large number 
of companies, individuals and other organizations, and that there may 
be limited public interest in the creation and development of distributed 
applications. Such a lack of interest could impact on the development of the 
Platform and, therefore, on the uses or potential value of NPX.

Risk that the Platform is not developed

The main right associated with NPX is the right to receive the Botons from, 
and to use the trading bot signals of, the 10 first DAFs implemented on 
the Platform. The value of the NPX is therefore heavily correlated with the 
existence of such Platform and/or such DAFs, which have not yet been 
implemented. NPX may lose part or all of their value if the Platform and/or 
DAFs are never fully developed. 

Risk of non-performance of the DAFs

The main right associated with NPX is the right to receive the Botons from, 
and to use the trading bot signals of, the 10 first DAFs implemented on 
the Platform. The value of the NPX is therefore heavily correlated with the 
performance of such DAFs. Such performance is not guaranteed, and NPX 
may lose part or all of their value if the DAFs do not perform as expected.

Risk that the Platform, as developed, does not meet buyer expectations

The Platform is currently under development and may undergo significant 
redesign prior to its launch. For a number of reasons, not all buyer expectations 
concerning the Platform or NPX’s form and function may be met on the 
launch date, including changes in design, implementation and execution of 
the Platform.

Risk of theft and piracy

Hackers or other malicious or criminal groups or organizations may 
attempt to interfere with the Platform or the availability of NPX in several 
ways including, but not limited to, denial of service attacks, Sybil attacks, 
mystification, surfing, malware attacks, or consensus-based attacks.



NaPo l e oNX

29

Risk of error in the source code

The distribution of NPX to each purchaser may be by adversely affected by 
various human and technical errors in the source code of the Smart Contract 
System or in the source code of the escrow accounts mentioned above.

Risk of security weaknesses in the Platform’s core infrastructure software

The Platform‘s core software is based on open source software. There is 
a risk that the Company team, or other third parties, may intentionally or 
unintentionally introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructure 
elements of the Platform, by interfering with the use of, or causing loss of, 
NPX.

Risk of weakness or exploitable breakthrough in the field of cryptography

Advances in cryptography, or technical advances such as the development of 
quantum computers, may present risks for crypto-currencies and the Platform, 
which could result in the theft or loss of NPX.

Risk of a NPX mining attack

As with other decentralized cryptographic tokens and crypto-currencies, the 
blockchain used for the Platform is vulnerable to mining attacks, including 
but not limited to, dual-expense attacks, powerful mining attacks, selfish 
mining attacks, and critical competition attacks. Any successful attack poses 
a risk to the Platform, the expected performance and sequencing of the 
Company’s markets, and the expected performance and sequencing of 
Ethereum contract calculations. Despite the best efforts of the Company’s 
team, the risk of known or new mining attacks exists.

Risk of the Platform failing to be used or adopted

While NPX should not be considered an investment, their value is bound to 
change over time. This value may be limited if the Platform is not sufficiently 
used and adopted. In such a case, there could be few or no markets at the 
Platform launch, which would limit the value of NPX.

Risk of a tight market for NPX

There are currently no exchanges or trading facilities on which NPX can be 
traded. If such exchanges or trading facilities do develop, they will probably 
be relatively new and subject to poorly understood regulatory oversight. They 
may therefore be more vulnerable to fraud and default than the established 



NaPo l e oNX

30

and regulated exchanges that exist for other products. Should exchanges or 
trading facilities that represent a substantial part of the NPX trading volume 
be involved in fraud, security failures or other operational problems, the 
failures of such exchanges or trading facilities may limit the NPX value or 
liquidity.

Risk of an uninsured loss

Unlike bank accounts or accounts in other regulated financial institutions, funds 
held through the Company or Ethereum network are generally uninsured. At 
present, there are no public or private insurance agents providing buyers 
with coverage against a loss of NPX or a loss of value.

Risk of winding-up of the  Company’s project

For a number of reasons including, but not limited to, an unfavorable 
fluctuation in Bitcoin value, an unfavorable fluctuation in NPX value, the 
failure of business relationships or competing intellectual property claims, the 
Company project may no longer be a viable activity and may be dissolved 
or simply not launched.

Risk of malfunction in the Platform

The Platform may be impacted by an adverse malfunction including, but not 
limited to, a malfunction that results in the loss of NPX or market information.

Unforeseen risks

Crypto-currencies and cryptographic tokens are a new, untested technology. 
In addition to the risks stipulated above, there are other risks that the 
Company’s team cannot predict. Risks may also occur as unanticipated 
combinations or as changes in the risks stipulated herein.

Recent regulatory actions

As mentioned above, operations of the Platform, the DAFs and the NPX 
may be impacted by future restrictive laws, regulations, opinions, decisions, 
injunctions, actions or investigations by national regulators and lawmakers. 

Some regulators have already initiated formal or informal proceedings related 
to the regulation of ICOs and tokens, some of which are listed hereunder. 
This list is provided for information purpose only and do not constitute legal 
advice. 



NaPo l e oNX

31

• The United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued (i) 
a report dated July 25, 2017 stating that tokens offered by the company 
The DAO were securities within the meaning of the 1933 Securities Act, 
and (ii) an “investor bulletin” informing potential investors on ICOs. 

• The United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) issued a 
statement on September 12th, 2017 warning potential investors about 
the risks associated with ICOs. 

• The Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) issued a “staff notice” 
dated August 24th, 2017 in which it states that ICOs might be governed 
by Canadian securities laws (knowing that tokens would, however, 
not always constitute securities for the purpose of such laws) or by 
Canadian derivative laws (if the products issued qualify as derivatives). 

• The Israel Securities Authority (ISA) published a statement dated August 
30th, 2017 announcing that it would oraganize a committee to study 
the applicability of securities law to ICOs. 

• The Peopole’s Bank of China, together with other Chinese regulators, 
issued a statement dated September 4th, 2017 prohibiting token 
fundraising transactions. Companies that have already launched an 
ICO are required to refund the tokens issued.

• The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) released a statement dated 
August 1st, 2017 concluding that some tokens might be qualified as 
securities within the meaning of the Singaporean Securities and Futures 
Act. 

• The Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) of Hong Kong made a 
declaration on September 5th, 2017 in which it stated that tokens may 
qualify as securities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance.

• The Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC) of South Korea declared, 
on September 3rd, 2017, that it established a “joint task force meeting” 
to discuss crypto-currencies regulatory framework. 

• The Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) of Switzerland, 
in a press release dated September 29th, 2017, announced it was 
investigating various ICOs. The FINMA specified, in Guidance 04/2017 
published on the same day, that ICOs are susceptible, depending on 
their structuring, to be governed by (i) AML/KYC regulations (ii) banking 
monopoly provisions (iii) securities and derivatives trading regulations 
and (iv) collective investment schemes regulations. As mentioned by the 
FINMA, “due to the close proximity in some areas of ICOs and token-
generating events with transactions in conventional financial markets, 



NaPo l e oNX

32

the likelihood arises that the scope of the application of at least one of 
the financial market laws may encompass certain types of ICO model”.

• The Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) recently 
published the Information Sheet 225 as guidance about the potential 
application of the 2001 Corporations Act to businesses conducting 
ICOs. According to this document, an ICO, depending on how it’s 
structured, could be qualified as a managed investment scheme, as a 
public offer and/or as an offer of derivatives. 

• Abu Dhabi’s Finical Services Regulatory Authority (FSRA) released 
guidelines on crypto currencies and ICOs dated October 8th, 2017, 
in which it specified that (i) existing KYC would be applicable to ICOs 
and (ii) some tokens, on a case-by-case basis and depending on how 
they are structured, may be classified as securities while others may be 
classified as commodities. 

• The French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) launched on October 
26th, 2017, (i) an ICO assistance and research program dubbed 
“UNICORN” to provide issuers with a framework for their ICO and to 
explore potential future regulatory actions, and (ii) a public consultation 
on ICOs, in which three regulatory options are presented: issuing 
guidelines on ICOs without changing the existing regulations, placing 
ICOs under the regime applicable to public offers of securities, or 
enacting a new, specific regulation for ICOs. 

• The Japanese Financial Services Agency (FSA) published an investor 
alert on October 27th, 2017 underlying the “high risks” associated 
with ICOs (i.e. token volatility and likelihood of fraud) and warning 
issuers and investors that ICOs, depending on how they are structured, 
may fall within the scope of the Japanese Payment Services Act and/or 
of the Japanese Financial Instruments and Exchange Act.

• New Zealand Financial markets Authority (FMA) published a statement 
dated October 25th, 2017 on ICOs, explaining that the specific 
characteristics and economic substance of an ICO will determine if the 
token should be classified as a financial product. More importantly, the 
FMA specified that “all tokens or cryptocurrencies are securities under 
the FMC Act – even those that are not financial products”.

Know your customer procedures (KYC)

As part of the Know Your Customer procedure (KYC), anyone wishing to 
acquire NPX will have to provide the Company with the following details via 
the dedicated ICO website prior to purchasing NPX: 



NaPo l e oNX

33

• The declaration of:

First and Last Name

Date and Location of Birth

Current address

Citizenship

• A copy of:

Passport or ID card

Applicable law and jurisdiction

This White Paper and any contractual relationship arising in relation with 
the products and services sold by the Company are governed exclusively by 
French law, the Company’s commitment being subject to this clause. 

The Parties agree to seek an amicable settlement prior to bringing any legal 
action. Failing this, any dispute, of any nature whatsoever, will be brought 
expressly before the courts of Paris, as no document can effect a novation or 
waiver of this jurisdiction clause.



NaPo l e oNX

34

aPPeNdiX

DAF: THE FUTURE OF INVESTING

1. Implementation of the 10 first DAFs by Napoleon Crypto
Napoleon Crypto SAS has decided to propose its first DAFs according to 
the features described below. However, from a global point of view, a DAF 
may be created with less constraints and any smart-contract able to handle 
trading bots and to pay Botons shall be eligible as DAF to be proposed to the 
NPX token holders. As such, the NPX token holders may benefit from a wide 
range of investment vehicles.

The 10 first DAFs to be created by Napoleon Crypto SAS, shall consist in 
a smart contract characterized by a predefined feature and a set of global 
variables. 

Global variables correspond to the investment philosophy behind the initial 
DAF concept, and consists in the following:

• Strategy Provider: the legal entity aimed at proposing quantitative 
strategies to the DAF

• Underlying Asset: the underlying asset the strategy should invest in

• Currency: the currency on which the investors want to be exposed

• Min Size: the minimal size of the funds at inception



NaPo l e oNX

35

• Max Size: the maximal size of the funds

• Redemption Threshold: 75% of the DAF tokens

• Botons’ consumption: 25% of Performance

• Voting Period: from 10 calendar days to 3 calendar days before SCO 
Day

• SCO Days: every six months, the subscription may be opened to 
additional investors through dedicated Secondary Coin Offerings 
(SCOs). 

Besides, a redemption feature corresponding to the possibility to terminate 
the DAF if the percentage of DAF tokens voting such redemption is above the 
Redemption Threshold, will be implemented.

2. Global variables
Strategy Provider

The Strategy Provider is any legal entity able to: 

• propose a set of performing trading strategies corresponding to the 
Underlying Asset,

• implement such strategies for the account of the DAF and its subscribers. 
For this, an asset management license may be required.

Napoleon Crypto SAS will be the initial candidate for the first 10 DAFs. It 
has already access to a strong portfolio of performing quantitative strategies. 
More details on these strategies are disclosed in the Blackpaper.

Underlying Asset

Possible Underlying Assets include:

• Equity Index underlying such as: SPXT, SX5E, HSI, NKY, SMI, MXEF, 
EPRA, etc

• Forex underlying such as: EURUSD, EURGBP, JPYUSD, GBPUSD etc 

• Commodities underlying such as: Gold, Silver, etc

• Fixed income underlying such as: TBONDS, BUND, OAT, BTP, etc.

• Cryptocurrencies such as: ETH, BTC, etc.



NaPo l e oNX

36

Each Underlying Asset is anchored to a specific currency, which may be 
different from the one the investors want their performance to be expressed 
in.  

Currency

As most DAFs should only accept ETH (or BTC) as subscription proceeds, the 
invariant Currency of the DAF will be chosen between ETH (or BTC) and the 
currency anchored to the Underlying Asset (referred to as BaseCurr below).

If the chosen Currency was the BaseCurr, it means that the investors could be 
exposed to the variation between ETH and BaseCurr. In particular, if ETH/
BaseCurr earns 20% during a given period, a performance of 10% of the 
Blend on this period would produce a loss of 12% when viewed as a ETH 
investment (-12% = 1-(1+10%)*(1-20%)).

That is why we have decided to denominate the DAFs in ETH with a hedging 
strategy that will be implemented as follows: 

Natural hedging

Strategies developed by Napoleon Crypto use financial instruments (Futures) 
designed to allow for a substantial leverage (up to c. 8,0x for equities). 

To get the target exposure on the Underlying Asset, it may not be necessary 
to use 100% of the fund cash. An Initial Margin will be calculated by an 
Exchange that will depend on its nature and underlying volatility. For example, 
if only 20% of the funds would be required as Initial Margin to achieve a 
target exposure, 80% of this DAF’s fund would remain “unused”. They would 
be kept in ETH. Therefore, part of the DAFs will have a natural currency 
hedge. To calculate the accurate level of fund required, we will use Initial 
Margin levels from Exchanges together with some headroom management 
buffers to minimize unnecessary trading between ETH and BaseCurr.

The higher the Financial Leverage is, the lower the natural hedging will be.

Initial Margin hedging

According to the Financial Leverage, part of the investment is not naturally 
hedged (as described above). However, this remaining part may also be 
hedged through derivatives listed on some Crypto Exchanges, when such 
derivatives exist if expressly mentioned within the smart contract.

For instance, with a Financial Leverage of 1, if 20% of the invested amount 
is not naturally hedged. A derivative hedging such 20% may be bought, 



NaPo l e oNX

37

when available, to reduce this currency risk. This will bear costs that should 
be covered by the performance of the trading bots.

Performance hedging

Even with the best strategies, performance may not be forecasted with 
precision. The future remains uncertain.

As a consequence, hedging performance against currency risk will be a little 
bit trickier as performance can come and go. This will induce additional 
hedging cost but given the volatility in ETH vs BaseCurr this risk may be 
worth being hedged.

Net Asset Value (NAV)

At any time after its creation, it is very easy to compute the net asset value 
of the DAF and then of each DAF tokens, since all the assets of the DAF are 
very liquid and composed of:

• some ETH

• some financial instruments to be exposed to the Underlying Asset

• some derivatives instruments to hedge the BaseCurr 

All instruments have at least a daily market value, so that a calculation of a 
Net Asset Value of the DAF may easily be diffused on a daily basis. The NAV 
of a DAF token is then computed by dividing the Net Asset Value of the DAF 
by the number of DAF tokens.

Min Size and Max Size

A minimal size is necessary to preserve the generated performance from 
execution and fixed costs impacts. Although it may be appreciated on a 
case-by-case basis, 20 000 ETH is a minimal amount to launch a DAF. 

The size of the fund is limited by the capacity of the selected Blend of 
strategies to generate the same performance when the size is growing. It is 
most fundamentally linked to the liquidity of the Underlying Asset, but also on 
the market intervention frequency. Napoleon Crypto will provide strategies 
(mostly low frequency on equity indices) that may accommodate several 
hundred million of Euros of investment without affecting their performances. 
On the contrary, for less liquid underlying assets (crypto-currencies) or 
specific trading styles (high frequency), maximum sizes may be very low 
(less than 50m Euros).



NaPo l e oNX

38

For more details, please refer to the Blackpaper and Goldpaper.

Redemption Threshold

A redemption option is to be offered to let them the opportunity to close 
a DAF if a sufficient number of subscribers want to.  Such option gives an 
ultimate liquidity to any subscriber whatever the second market may be. The 
Redemption Threshold is set at 75%. 

Botons  

To use the trading bots provided by the Strategy Provider, a DAF has to 
pay some Botons. The amount of Botons is computed from the Performance 
generated by the blend of trading bots used by the DAF.

Such Performance is computed at the end of each month and paid by 
the DAF through the issuance of DAF tokens at the NAV of the DAF token 
calculated on the day before the issuance. For the first 10 DAFs, 85% of such 
issued tokens will be granted to NPX token holders, whereas 15% will be 
granted to Napoleon Crypto SAS. Any other Strategy Provider may decide 
on a different Botons sharing, but the NPX token holders would be the ones 
deciding at the end to launch or not the DAF proposed by such Strategy 
Provider.

Net Performance is defined to be the (gross) Performance minus the Botons 
consumed and any execution costs. Over a given period of time, the Net 
Performance corresponds to the increase of the Net Asset Value of the DAF 
tokens.

Botons’ consumption is set at the DAF creation and will be 25% of Performance 
for the 10 first DAFs.

As an example, if, at the beginning of a month, one of the 10 first DAFs has 
a Net Asset Value of 100’000 ETH, and if there are 100’000 DAF tokens, 
then the NAV of the DAF token amounts to 1 ETH. If the Performance is 
10% at the end of such month, then the gross performance (execution costs 
excluded) is of 10’000 ETH, of which 2’500 ETH represents the BBotons’ 
consumption (25% of 10’000 ETH). As a consequence, at the end of the 
month, the Net Asset Value of a DAF token equals 1 x (1 + 10% x (1-25%)) = 
1.075 ETH. Then, 2’325.5814 DAF tokens (2’500/1.075) shall be issued 
among which 1’976.74419 (85% x 2’325.5814) shall be allocated to the 
NPX token holders having participated to the voting sessions involving the 
eligibility of the trading bots used by the DAF. 



NaPo l e oNX

39

High Watermark

Even with the most performing strategies, returns may be negative from time 
to time. If a given strategy or blend of strategies experienced a negative 
monthly return followed by a positive monthly return, no Botons may be 
collected before the highest past net performance is reached. Such level 
corresponds to a High Watermark below which no Botons are collected. 

The table below shows some example, with a Botons’ consumption level set 
at 25%: 

Date High Watermark

DAF token

Net asset 
Value

Monthly 
Botons’ 

consumption 
by DAF 
tokens

Nb of tokens 
pre issuance 

of tokens 
for Botons 
payment

Nb of DAF 
token issued 
for Botons 
payment 

31/01/2017 1 1 0 100 0

28/02/2017 1 0.8 0 100 0

31/03/2017 1 → 1.3 1.3 0.1 = 25% x 0.4 100
7.69230769 

= 10 / 1.3

30/04/2017 1.3 1.2 0 107.69230769 0

31/05/2017 1.3 → 1.6 1.6 0.1 = 25% x 0.4 107.69230769 6.25 = 10 / 1.6

Voting Period

After the ICO creating the DAF, voting sessions shall be organized every 6 
months for the DAF token holders. The Voting Period is defined as the 10th 
calendar day up to the 3rd calendar day after the SCO Day. 

DAF token holders may decide to terminate the DAF and redeem it. To occur, 
the number of voting rights deciding such redemption shall be above 75%. 

If redemption is decided, then all non crypto-assets in which the DAF is 
invested shall be liquidated within 5 days. After such liquidation, the 
corresponding smart contract shall terminate: DAF tokens are redeemed and 
all crypto-assets are transferred to the DAF token holders in proportion of 
their share in the DAF. 

SCO Day

Each SCO, as defined above, will be proposed at a specific date every 6 
months. Such day is defined as the SCO Day. The subscription period will 
last 7 calendar days starting from the SCO Day.



NaPo l e oNX

40

3. Extension As detailed above, DAFs are structured to use strategies based on 
one given Underlying Asset. As such, DAFs may be viewed as elementary 
investment bricks aimed at being selected to build investment allocation 
strategies of higher level. 

When sufficient DAFs will be created, any asset manager may develop 
investment strategies using DAFs. Doing so, the volume of invested amounts 
and the level of performance shall increase so that Botons paid back to NPX 
token holders shall also increase with time.

DAF may be created on various blockchains, BTC included, as soon as a 
framework for smart-contract exists (RSK is coming soon on BTC). 


