











































 VIDEO DISTRIBUTION PLATFORM
WHITEPAPER

 

nvb.digital

NATIVE VIDEO BOX ICO



Table of contents
Disclaimer 1

Abstract 2

Introduction 4
1. Market overview 6
2. The Video Advertising BOOM 7
3. Programmatic 10
4. The Pros of Native Advertising 12
5. Our Conclusions 13

Competitors 15
1. YouTube and Facebook 15
2. Google Video Ads and Facebook Business 16
3. Content discovery and content promotions platforms: Taboola, Outbrain,

Engageya and Plista 16
4. Vloggers’ marketplaces 18
5. Agencies 19

Outlook 20

Why NVB? 21
1. Content Creators / Right Owners 21
2. Publishers 21
3. Advertisers 22
4. Token holders 23
5. Web Users 23

Token Distribution 25

Technical solution 27
1. How it works 28
2. Interaction with publishers and right owners 28
3. Assessors 29
4. Advertisers 29

Roadmap of the project 30

Fundraising process 36
36First stage – pre-sale (1-31 Dec 2017)

Second stage -  ICO (1 Jan - 15 Apr 2018) 36

NVB tokens explained 37

Advisory Board 43

Team  44

Glossary 46



1

Disclaimer
PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY. CONSULT 
LEGAL AND FINANCIAL EXPERTS FOR FURTHER GUIDANCE.

The following information may be incomplete and in no way implies a contractual 
relationship. While we make every effort to ensure that all information in this white paper 
is accurate and up to date, such material in no way constitutes professional advice. NATIVE 
VIDEO BOX neither guarantees nor accepts responsibility for the accuracy, reliability, 
current (as of this White Paper) or completeness of this content. Individuals intending to 
invest in the platform should seek independent professional advice prior to acting on any of 
the information contained in this paper.



2

Abstract 
Native Video Box (NVB) is a decentralized video discovery platform which offers an 
alternative to YouTube, as do cryptocurrencies that challenge traditional banking. NVB 
tokens are used as a means of payment in our community based service, that distributes 
video content across a global  network of websites.

Our mission is to deliver videos that people will love, but never knew existed. And help 
websites earn more e.g. higher revenue streams from the the booming video advertising 
market. Which has increased by 4200% over the last 10 years + gained $13.6 billion in 
2017, but we believe we’ll grow even faster than this, due to machine learning algorithms 
that allow us to seamlessly merge videos into web pages. We’re already programmatically 
connected to over 100,000 advertisers and our local traction has exceeded $1.5M.

We simultaneously help website owners, advertisers and content creators earn more by 
eliminating the middleman. Because unlike other advertising services, we not only bring 
video ads and monetization to website owners, but also provide them with an inventory of 

‘unique’ video content that  enhances the website user experience. 

Native Video Box also solves a number of issues faced by video bloggers and other video 
content creators. By providing them with  the option to spread their videos outside of their 
usual video- hostings audiences and the chance to get paid from extra income stream  too!. 

According to our predictions, NVB will be able to offer content creators higher than average 
income streams than YouTube in due course. 

And whilst content creators earn, advertisers simultaneously gain access tot brand new 
high-quality advertising inventory, in-stream advertising on licensed videos at reasonable 
prices and exposure to audiences beyond their traditional video hosting services. 

We can guarantee the system’s transparency using a100% tokenized billing system based 
on smart-contracts. None  of our competitors on the market can currently offer this.



3

NVB has no direct competitors (yet), but we compete with native advertising and content 
discovery platforms, such as Outbrain and Taboola, which use a ‘native Google AdSense’ 
style ecosystem. 

The difference is that , we don’t just provide  monetization, but also help enrich the user 
experience. Using videos merged into web pages to keep  audiences “engaged”. Which 
results in better interaction and conversions between consumers and content! 

So it’s a win, win for everyone involved in the booming era of mass  content consumption, 
which is becoming the new TV.



4

Introduction 
Native Video Box (NVB) was originally launched in Russia in early 2016 as a native video 
platform for websites with editorial content. We would like to think of ourselves as a cohort 
of creative minds who have set out to change the game of the video advertising market.

Who will benefit from using NVB?
NVB is  designed to benefit a diverse range of internet video  market players such as: 
publishers, advertisers and content creators (vloggers etc.).

Positioning power
We provides websites with relevant video content bundled with a monetisation solution, 
while ensuring brand values and a safe environment for advertisers.

Pocket Friendly Profits
Historically platforms such as YouTube and other well known video-hosting sites have 
disrupted the media industry by giving a new generation of video content creators the 
opportunity to monetize their content.

However, the original systems for monetisation were effective for awhile. But as time 
elapsed rapidly growing platform fees and centralized work models of modern video-
hosting became more biased towards meeting the need of intermediaries vs lining the 
pockets of the content creator communities. 

According to Never Stop Marketing’s Jeremy Epstein, intermediaries earn ¢44 out of every 
$1 on each link in the chain of advertising market costs. We agree with Epstein that the 
advertising industry is ready to take a step forward.



5

So What’s Next?
We’re already witnessing shifts in areas such as the financial services sector and other 
fields who’ve adopted cutting-edge technologies to help reduce the traditional commision 
fees aka Fintech. With the help of blockchain, soon the advertising industry won’t be 
needing centralized pricey intermediaries for effective content distribution anymore. 

With this in mind, the Native Video Box ecosystem was born and links into the ongoing 
development of both blockchain and tokenization technology.

How does tokenization technology work?
Tokens and blockchain made it possible to implement the Native Video Box ecosystem 
which offers an alternative to YouTube, as do cryptocurrencies that challenge traditional 
banking. Token sale results will be used to develop that fair and effective ecosystem.

Native Video Box Token (NVB) is a currency of the service, which has a following role inside 
the ecosystem:

• Rewards for the participants: publishers and content creators 
• A Security deposit and minimum participation balance
• Payment for NVB platform services

Due to the сryptocurrency nature of NVB tokens, it’s an easy way to make payments for 
each individual blogger or publisher in variety of countries. This solves problems with 
financial clearing and regulatory paperwork as well as doing away with high payment 
commissions to fiat banks (for currency conversions).  



6

1. Market overview
According to (Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) – https://www.iab.com) US1 digital 
advertising market has grown almost seven-fold over the last 12 years:

Digital Advertising Market, $B

A report from Magna Global2 intelligence agency states, “digital media has now surpassed 
linear television to become the No.1 category in advertising revenues”. 

In the same piece Magna points out that, “online advertising sales will grow by 14% this 
year while offline ad sales (television, print, radio, out-of-home) will decrease by -2%”. This 
trend is not new, below is the graph demonstrating comparative dynamics of digital and 
offline advertising spends.:

1 IAB Internet Advertising Revenue Report Conducted by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PWC) 
2 Global Advertising Forecast // Magna Global // June 14, 2017.

2,8
3,8 4,8

5,9 6,1 6,3
7,4

9,0
10,3

12,1
14,2

17,4

21,6



7

Magna predicts that digital advertising will comprise more than 50% of total volume of 
media budgets in 2021, whereas TV, 2nd most important category, will take only about a 
third of the market.
 
FACT: From 2010 to 2016 analytics identified growth of worldwide 
market of internet advertising stands at 15-22% per year.

2. The Video Advertising BOOM
As broadband speeds have increased and users’ attention span have shortened, because 
of the ever-growing information inflow. Video advertising has become the most popular 
form of online advertising, taking on a share of other digital advertising segments such as 
banner advertising and search ads. 
The fastest-growing segments, as identified by Magna Global are: 

• Video and social advertising (predicted to grow 30% and 32% respectively) 
• hare of video ad expenditures in desktop and mobile segments comprises 15% 

and 12% respectively as of the end of 2016 (or 13% of combined digital advertising), 
digital video advertising sector growing by more than 50% in 2016. 

Global Ad Spending By Sector, $B

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018E 2021E

202 197

110

33

33

114

203

101

33

31

142

193

86

32

33

160

186

69

29

31

186

180

61

28

32

204

185

55

28

33

228

193

42

27

36

313

115

32

32

86



8

According to IAB data digital advertising growth was overwhelming during the past years, 
increasing in volume nearly 20-fold (see diagram below)

Video advertising market, $B
 

Video Marketing Pulling Power  
While video marketing power and reach peaks, the power of alternative formats of 
internet marketing is stagnating. So we can conclude that the video boom is on its way to 
dominating the marketing mix (with audio advertising also being more popular year upon 
year). 

2%

42%

50%

9%

10%

31% 31%

13%

8%

48%

21%

36%

Video Search Banner Other

0,5
0,7 1,0

1,6
2,8 3,1

4,1

6,2

9,9



9

FACT: In November 2014 Yahoo! acquired the video advertising 
service Brightroll for $640M3. In 2016 native video platform 
ConvertMedia was acquired by Taboola for $100M4, while Adobe 
bought video platform TubeMogul for $540M5.

However, video advertising aligns with accompanying content (films and videos by 
professional studios and amateur vloggers) more and more often, thus requiring
better content discovery (for consumers) and improved targeting (for advertisers) on the 
part of technological platforms. 

As video by nature is  an attention-grabbing style of content, it commands much higher 
CPM prices. Also video advertising  requires more effective and pronounced targeting, than 
any other type of advertising. To ensure that videos reach viewers that are likely to be more 
highly engaged!

And that’s where we come in, as NVB is highly focused on delivering appropriate ads and 
videos to every  consumer category.

Whilst allowing them to discover fresh and engaging content – thus, blurring the 
boundaries between advertising and content sharing! 

As good content is the epitome of effective online advertising amid the growing content and 
mobile marketing boom.  

3 Marissa Mayer Spends $640 Million To Buy A Video Advertising Company.
   [http://www.businessinsider.com/yahoo-buys-video-ad-platform-brightroll-2014-11]
4 Taboola has splashed tens of millions of dollars on a video ad tech company to take on YouTube, Facebook, and Snapchat. 
   [http://www.businessinsider.com/taboola-acquires-convertmedia-2016-7]
5 Adobe is acquiring ad tech company TubeMogul for $540 million.
   [http://www.businessinsider.com/adobe-is-acquiring-ad-tech-tubemogul-for-450-million-2016-11]



10

3. Programmatic

Earlier versions of Programmatic models came across a series of obstacles whilst , 
remaining a popular method of marketing message delivery. The remaining obstacles 
include:

1. Inability of most players to get comprehensive data on users’ behaviour and/or 
process it in effective way

2. Poor performance of current ML models/systems in relation to issues traditionally 
more difficult for AI to assess, such as message relevance and quality

3. Absence of established infrastructure, allowing players to share/trade users’ data 
and integrate separate solutions into data/ad-serving pipelines seamlessly

Besides that, concerns about brand safety and fraud, ubiquitous in the programmatic world, 
ruined hopes of “classic programmatic” adepts - according to MediaRadar6:
n the 1st quarter of 2017, 5000 fewer advertisers purchased ads programmatically than the 
first quarter of 2016, which is a 12% decline. 

On the other hand, Magna Global reports that programmatic sales reached $19B in 2016 
(although growth slowed a little, pace decreasing from 54% to 27%). 

And are on the course to reach $42B in 2020, thus remaining the key driver of digital growth 
for the future. As Magna notes in its report, whereas now programmatic technologies are 
mostly used for banner advertising rotation, by 2020 programmatic will also infiltrate video 
and audio segments.

6 Consumer Advertising - Maximizing Impact // MediaRadar // June 6, 2017



11

Global Programmatic Ad Sales, $B

However, we  believe that even if some temporary reversal in programmatic growth trend is 
present, in the long-run, programmatic will dominate the market.

As there is a strong rationale for using its element base, even though -  some of the models 
tested proved to be less effective.

4,5

7,6

12,0

10,0

14,7

19,0

2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016



12

4. The Pros of Native Advertising

With ad blockers becoming more and more popular and selective blindness of internet 
users turning into ubiquitous phenomenon.

Native advertising – native in content as well as in style – is becoming the key to effective 
digital marketing. 

With users targeted better and more data available on particular users, the more focused – 
and in a way, non-intrusive – approach is becoming the most effective way to sell products 
and services.

Native advertising has become a buzzword, more for apparent trend in digital advertising 
than for a need of new term (some even argue that “native advertising” is just another way 
to say “good advertising” with distinctive features of both being the same). 

According to Business Intelligence report, this sector of digital advertising is already bigger 
than the non-native one. And is expected to grow to a staggering $36.3B in 2021,which 
constitutes a 74% of the market share.

US Native Display Ad Revenue, $B

2016 2017E 2018E 2019E 2020E

Native Display Nonnative Display

13,2

16,8

13,4

20,9

13,6

25,2

13,6

28,9

13

33,5



13

Whether you believe these numbers (or not) and agree with an addition of new taxon to 
ad ecosystem hierarchy or not.  You are not going to argue with the statement that native 
advertising is clearly a more efficient way to advertise products, services and brands. 

5. Our Conclusions

The facts speak for themselves, the digital advertising sector is growing - 
FAST! Meanwhile, the video advertising segment of the online marketing mix is growing 
even faster. The same is true, for “native” and “programmatic” approaches. 

Which we would rather consider as qualities and trends, but not advertising segments/ 
niches clearly separated. For such thing is possible as native video advertising with 
impressions delivered with use of programmatic methods (and it is exactly what some 
companies are doing already and others are going to; and it is exactly what we, ourselves, 
are going to do at NVB).
 
WHY? Because video is able to relay complex messages in a visually stimulating way 
that connects people to products/services and brands. And the  native video element and 
programmatic approaches are only rational when applied properly. 

We have found a new way to address an old problem. By opening up a content discovery to 
benefit a range of key players. By making video content and ads consumption more user 
friendly and targeted much less intrusive. Than other historic models. That’s how NVB is 
changing the video content discovery g-am-e. 
 
Right now the cross-channel journey of a online user (unless your starting point is 
Wikipedia) is complicated and fragmented.

Although links and tags have simplified search significantly, whether it is broad or deep, 
most of the time, even if we consider only one medium (such as text, or audio, or video 
information).

A user returns again and again to the same starting point, using a range of search engines 
to widen their searchability. 



14

Globally audiences are searching for a plethora of information and topics ranging from 
high-class educational content, news and analysis, discussion clubs, language courses or 
expert opinions can be hard to come by. But not because it is unpopular. 

But  – because the promotion of vloggers content only covers  the most popular niches e.g. 
gaming, toys & children’s entertainment, “how-to” videos and sport etc.) 

So there is effectively a gap in the market to sell independent video content efficiently. 
Although content is everywhere  there’s still room for improvement, when it comes to 
tactically targeting content consumers with content they’ll love. And NVB promises to 
deliver on both quality and quantity. 

So we feel that there’s no doubt that a company who   can create and establish a platform 
that simplifies a users’ cross-media journey.

By using machine learning to significantly streamline and enrich their experience, would be 
able to build an ecosystem. And offer an incentive for qualitative (vs. simply viral) content 
creation and  discovery, will bring high returns for its shareholders (aka our token holders). 

With this in mind in mind, here’s three reasons why NVB could be a huge 
success:

1. Right business model, targeting publishers and vloggers in the first place and 
enabling them to profit in more than one way without sharing a bulk of these profits 
with lead-generating platform

2. Effective combination of half-automated techniques of channel tagging/filtering and 
programmatic approach in ad serving

3. Clear message - strictly defined niche market, which has not yet attracted attention 
of many players, but is going to dominate advertising space in future, prevalence 
of quality over quantity, building of long-standing relationships without sacrificing 
efficiency



15

Competitors
Although NVB has no direct competitors, our business model in combination with approach 
being unique to the market, there are many companies working their way in adjacent fields:

1. YouTube and Facebook

As two of the most prominent platforms that ‘everybody knows.’ 
We understand that from a strategic point of view any company entering the content and 
video advertising market will meet with comparisons to these two giants.

In 2017, these two platforms become the most common places to start a vlog . As hundreds 
of millions watch videos on any one of these platforms every day.

This equates to hundreds of millions/ billions hours of video watched per day on Facebook 
and YouTube alone. With more than a billion people registered and in excess of a billion 
videos uploaded to both platforms.

In comparison to their competitors who have  no more than 10M video uploads in most 
cases with max of 300M registered users. 

Of course, there are exceptions such as DailyMotion which is significantly bigger than other 
platforms! Alternative niche platforms include Twitch and social media
such as Instagram and Snapchat. Who are often two of the  most popular starting points for 
vloggers. In both cases most of the discovery happens directly on these platforms that host 
shorter video clips.

Neither platforms has built  in any cross-channel engagement tools as they currently 
concentrate on the intra-platform experience vs  cross-platform (with exception of Google/
YouTube offering some interaction). These platforms also have no particular editorial policy 
and mostly rely on user self-tagging. They could become our main competitors if they see a 
good window of opportunity in this market. 

However, they could also become our strategic investors/buyers
too. Presently, they represent most possible end points of the user journey, whereas we are 
going to reroute users – thus, the bigger they grow and the more qualitative material they 
have, the better it is for the longer term plans for NVB. 



16

2. Google Video Ads and Facebook Business
(same players from the other side)

These two platforms/products are intended to serve as inner programmatic ad campaign 
facilitators for Google/YouTube and Facebook, respectively. However, as we have already 
mentioned above, these two products are neither platform-agnostic nor engaged in 
nourishing of content. 

 They’re also not well versed or focused  on creating targeted  marketing campaigns. And 
rightly so, as historically this has been the role taken on by online advertisers
and agencies. 

It is hard to find   the right   audiences for specific   videos. In reality, Google. YouTube and 
Facebook are best likened to marketplaces and not agencies.

Although they do use segmentation to  to increase the efficiency of advertising . oth 
platforms target advertisers first, which is understandable as their lies the major income 
streams.  However this approach doesn’t help to filter content and position in front of the 
most interested and engaged viewers..

3. Content discovery and content promotions platforms: 
Taboola, Outbrain, Engageya and Plista

These four companies are content discovery platforms that offer a widget with additional 
advertising and first party content to websites. Content they provide is seamlessly 
integrated into the website as  ‘native video’. These companies solve two main problems of 
the website owners: monetisation and navigation improvement.

So modern ‘native advertising’ is a  dominated by these four brands.  And a long tail of not 
so huge companies with same approach. As cited earlier these companies provide websites 
with a content recommendations widget that offers advertising (sometimes video) or first 
party content.
But never third party content, as seen with the NVB approach. This means we’re competing 
with their services for a place on websites. 

The difference is that unlike those companies, we are not another kind of AdSense (world’s 
most popular advertising widget for websites by Google). As a next gen platforms NVB 



17

delivers third party video content and by doing so creates new advertising inventory 
whilst also creating a space for better targeted advertising. The result is satisfied users 
with access to relevant video content and website owners who reaping the rewards from 
revenues streams earnt from sharing videos, that their website visitors are more likely to 
love. 

Here’s a quick comparison of NVB against its closest counterparts.

Native recommendation widget. 
YouTubes owns a powerful recommendation engine, but only uses it only uses it on its own 
portal and doesn’t take other websites into account, in the same way that  NVB and the 
other four platforms do.

Keeping users on the same website. 
Taboola and Outbrain are focused on advertising and even though they use the native 
approach. Their navigation l takes the audience from the website directly to  to an 
advertisers page. 

YouTubes approach to  accumulates huge audience traffic on on it’s own portal to consume 
advertising. 

Whilst Plista and Engageya mix the YouTube method with the Taboola/Outbrain approach 
and combine advertisements with first party content promotions. 

Brand

Youtube

Taboola

Outbrain 

Plista

Engageya

NVB

Native
recommenda-
tion
widget

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Keep user on
same website

Y

Y

Y

Y

Open-market
RTB sales

Y

Y

Y

Own video
storage

Y

Y

Transparent 
billing
(tokenized)

Y



18

While NVB delivers third party content on-site instead of taking the audience away from the 
website page they’re already viewing. This is good news for website owners as NVB videos 
help to increase ‘page dwell time and audience engagement.

Open-market RTB sales.  
The global open market enables companies to purchase advertising on any participating 
website, in any of its sales points also known as DSP (see glossary). Some of the 
companies prefer this channel of advertising to others, some don’t. NVB, just like Outbrain 
and Taboola will use Open-market RTB sales as the main sales channel, especially at the 
start of the project.

Own video storage.  
As a company that provides users with real content and not only ads, we can’t operate our 
platform without our own video storage. That’s why our competitors don’t need it (except 
YouTube, which can easily afford it).  But on the other hand running a video storage system 
is expensive. That’s why we decided to create a decentralized, tokenized storage system, 
that will significantly decrease video hosting and ad spend costs. And ultimately save our 
partners and video creator community money!

Transparent billing (tokenized). 
NVB is designed to be financially transparent platform. That uses a tokenized billing  
constructed with smart-contracts. So our publishers will get higher advertising revenue 
share vs a smaller percentages  of revenues gained from our counterparts on the market.

4. Vloggers’ marketplaces

While this group’s members are closer to NVB in terms of business model, its 
representatives lack significant impact and target advertisers first, working in more direct 
way. It is advertisers, who initiate marketing campaigns here, and after they do it, they 
should manually choose vloggers, promoting their products/services.

Not only these marketplaces do not compete with us in the end of the day - by helping 
vloggers to promote themselves, they increase capitalization of market we work at.



19

5. Agencies

Although agencies often use a similar approach to what NVB is aiming  to do. They lack 
any technology on their part, thus, agencies are usually only able to work with big YouTube 
stars and unable to “plug in” to many other vlog sources for particular customer niches. 
There is  a distinct lack of automated optimization the current  processes are very labor-
intensive.

These market players can be separated into two groups: 

• Market makers, interested in further expansion of relevant platforms and 
attracting advertisers of advertisers (Facebook And Google/YouTube) 

• And much smaller players, who don’t support plug-and-play interaction and are 
able to work only with a handful of channels/advertisers. This group don’t intend 
to provide cross-platform communication (agencies and marketplaces). 



20

Outlook
Nowadays video advertising services in many cases charge 40% to 80% commission fees 
from their partners. The majority of advertising revenue is paid to  intermediaries instead 
of the content creators and publishers. NVB commission is only 25% per view, which is 
enough to cover the net of our technology costs  While right owners and distributors will 
receive 75% of our video advertising revenue.

So while the traditional model of ads distribution don’t give advertisers the opportunity 
to control the  content and/or quality of advertising approach., NVB promises to avoid 
using aggressive formats by only using licensed video content. This approach guarantees 
advertisers 100% brand safety.

Smart Contracts

Use of smart contracts guarantees transparency across our financial relations between 
right owners, advertisers, publishers and token holders. At the same time our policy is to 
guarantee 100% privacy for our partner websites’ visitors. 

This means, we don’t use cookie, fingerprints and other methods of visitor identification or 
data capture. Video selection  is based on and designed to match subject matter of website 
pages, solely based on page content only.

NVB team counts on support of cryptocurrency in the questions of privacy extension and 
confidentiality in the sphere of internet advertising. 

7 https://papyrus.global/



21

Why NVB?

1. Content Creators / Right Owners

There are number of companies who provide video promotion services like Ironsrc, Virool 
or Viboom. They spread your video over the internet using different methods whilst taking a 
cut of the revenue from your budget. 

Native Video Box does pretty much the same job for content creators, but unlike the  
companies who have to pay a ton of middlement. NVB is set up give back, reward and pay 
content owners.

In relative numbers it’s 15% оf revenue, in absolute it’s more than $2 per thousand 
impressions. Once again, videos from vloggers or whoever meets our policies will be 
spread over the Internet among a relevant content with a link to content creator page or 
channel and NVB will pay for that.

2. Publishers

• Additional revenues from video advertising. 
Share of video advertising expenditures on the Internet constantly grows. NVB 
opens the opportunities of growing video advertising market for websites that 
don’t have their own video content. We pay 60% from advertising view cost: avg 9$ 
per 1000 ad views.

• Up to 100% ads fill rate. 
All advertising in NVB network is sold via programmatic. It allows you to find out 
whether there is an advertising video for a visitor even while web page is loading. 
If not - you can hide the NVB block and show the third-party ad instead of it. 

• Visitors spend more time on the website.
Video player opens above the content on the same page: the user doesn’t leave 
the website. This enhances the user session by 3-5, and often 7-10 minutes. 

• Native advertising with eco-approach.
Machine learning algorithms find interesting videos in our storage according to 
the page’s content. 

• Native format of advertising block adapts to the design of your web-page. 
NVB advertising is aimed at conscious clicks, the ad video doesn’t pop up 



22

automatically. These features provide ecological format of advertising for a user 
and improves user experience (for publishers and webmasters who aim at fast 
monetisation, we offer more aggressive ad formats, including autoplay). 

3. Advertisers

The system is based on providing higher income streams and guaranteed brand identity for 
content right owners and publishers.

In tandem with providing inventory for website owners,NVB also provides interesting and 
well produced quality video content for users (viewers).

This provides the following advantages for advertisers:

• Modern technologies.
• programmatic purchases according to OpenRTB protocol 
• direсt deals support
• Video advertising by VAST 3.0 and VPAID 2.0 standards
• Full viewability control by IAB OVV (Open Video Viewability) and MRC Viewable 

Ad Impression 2.0
• Anti-fraud systems in collaboration with Papyrus

• Native in-stream format.
Machine learning algorithms automatically pick the video content most relevant to 
the page’s theme. The video block’s design also automatically adapts to the page’s 
design. At the same time, the advertising is shown in the player in-stream: 
Pre-roll, post-roll and mid-roll of the main video requested by the page’s visitor, 
and also pause-roll. 

• Native in-stream video advertising format
Machine learning algorithms automatically pick the video content most relevant to 
the page’s theme. The video block’s design also automatically adapts to the page’s 
design. At the same time, the advertising is shown in the player in-stream pre-roll. 

• Licensed video content.
NVB works only with licensed video content via direct agreements with content 
creators, owners and aggregators. Editorial policy of NVB and high revenues for 
creators/right owners of video content guarantee its high quality.



23

• Better involvement.

• NVB provides advertisers with premium quality of advertising contact with 
audience: 
• Conscious clicks (user consciously makes a click to launch a video) 
• No other content on the screen during the video playback.
• Player is always 100% visible and always has sound on

Because of these advantages we constantly raise efficiency and variety of 
interactive formats that give high level of involvement during the view of 
advertising.

• More than 90% of complete views of advertising videos.
Users are interested in video content, specifically chosen according to the page’s 
content, and make a conscious decision to view it. 

• 100% brand safety.
• Constant monitoring of content on the level of each page on the Internet
• Custom technology to ensure the brand’s reputation safety based on neuronet
• Moderation of publishers on entrance

• Improved post-click.
Following a link from NVB shows higher level of post-click involvement of 
advertiser’s website: higher conversion level, average duration of a user session 
is at least 30% higher, while the bounce rate is 20% lower than the average clicks 
from video advertising.

4. Token holders

The NVB token is an internal form of payment, that any token holder can use. . The tokens 
will constantly grow in value as the volume of NVB inventory increased. The NVB tokens 
can be used and exchanged into other forms of cryptocurrency or converted into fiat money.

5. Web Users

• Native advertising.
NVB selects relevant video content for a particular webpage, that blends with 
the page subject matter or theme. Our USP is that advertising on our videos only 
plays if the visitor presses  the play button on the video. 



24

That’s how NVB differs from out-stream videos, that launch automatically when 
you open the page. In short what we offer is a much less intrusive form for 
advertising

• Environmentally friendly.
The NVB team believes that advertising doesn’t have to be intrusive, aggressive 
and uninteresting for website visitors. So the NVB widget uses Artificial 
Intelligence (AI) powered by technology to choose an appropriate piece of video 
content to be showcased as part of a webpage. This approach gains benefits 
users, website owners and advertisers within the NVB community. Less annoying 
ads results in better engaged customers and higher viewer numbers for niche 
video content that compliments the theme of specific websites. Native widget 
organically fits in the page’s content. 

• Anonymity.
Nowadays the privacy issues of users has become extremely  important. With it 
being common place  for websites to collect personal data without permission. 
Our ethos and NVB policy therefore states that we do not collect user data out of 
respect for the privacy of users and we expect the crypto community to support 
our values. 



25

55% Development

20% Marketing

10% Operations

10% Legal

5% Network growth

Token Distribution
Token name:  NVB

Total Token Supply:  22 975 000 NVB

Goals: 15 000 000$

Token distribution:

Project team 8% 

Advisors 4% 

Bounty 3%

Referral program 5%

Token buyers 80%

Due to participation in the ICOS platform, Native Video Box must pay tokens to ICOBOX for 
the amount of 240 BTC worth.

Native Video Box team and advisors don’t have the right to sell their share of NVB tokens 
until after six months after the token issuance.

Funds distribution

Due to participation in the ICOS platform, Native Video Box must pay tokens to ICOBOX  to 
the value  240 BTC. The Native Video Box team and advisors don’t have the right to sell their 
share of NVB tokens, until six months after the tokens have been issued.. 



26

Bounty program:

Due to the fact that we consider our platform to be have a promising future. We believe 
that as many people as possible should have the chance to learn about it. That’s why on 
the bounty program we will allocate 3% of all the tokens sold during the pre-ICO and ICO 
stages to bounty pool.

The NVB bounty pool will be distributed as follows:

25% Blog and media campaign 

20% Community management (includes 
translations and moderation on forums and 
chats) 

20% Signature and avatar campaign 

12% Reddit campaign

10% Facebook campaign

8% Twitter campaign

5% Reserved for other сreative ideas



27

Technical solution

1. How it works
(see demo https://nvb.digital/livedemo/)

1. A website visitor visits one of NVB’s advertising network of websites pages.
2. With machine learning algorithms the system automatically picks the most relevant 

video for particular webpage from the NVB video storage
3. Thumbnail pictures of these videos with brief descriptions are shown to the website 

visitor
4. The visitor clicks on the  thumbnail of the video that attracts their attention. 
5. A video player appears on the same page and shows the chosen video.
6. Before the video itself, visitor sees the pre-roll ad: advertising video up to 15 seconds 

long.
7. Revenue from ad views are distributed between webmasters, right owners and the 

platform.



28

2. Interaction with publishers and right owners

Our work with publishers/website owners  is based on providing them with the following 
benefits: following approach.

1. NVB is seen as a source of additional monetisation that doesn’t occupy advertising 
space or irritate the user. 

2. The NVB widget showcases attractive video content (that’s not intrusive)
 (and increases the duration of user’s stay on the page.
3. NVB carefully uses machine learning  to place the right video content onto  the right 

websites, at the right time!

How to get started 
To start working with the NVB advertising platform a publisher has to register and make an 
application. After application the publisher is checked to ensure they meet  the criteria of 
our editing policy. If the publisher meets the criteria, NVB is kick-starts and begins to pick 
out relevant video content.

To start working with NVB, the publisher accepts the contract and undertakes the following 
commitments: 

• To place the widget’s code on their website as is, without editing it 
• All actions taken by the publisher’s account in NVB network are considered as 

actions of advertising publisher representatives
• Not to mislead NVB, including the restriction on faking the views of advertising 

videos

NVB undertakes the following commitments:

• Pay advertising revenues on time 
• Place high-quality content on the website. *The choice of content can be 

customized for publishers.
• When there are no suitable videos for the publisher, it doesn’t show the widget, or 

it can show NVB logo or third-party widget according to the agreement. 



29

3. Assessors

In NVB eco-system an assessor is a person responsible for content moderation and 
screening. Our assessor service is based on progressive model of sharing economy, like 
Uber and Airbnb. Anyone can access the test task to become an assessor. Assessors work 
for a fee, accrued separately for every successful action. This system ensures activity and 
professionalism of NVB assessors.

Our assessors will regularly check video content and platforms in the NVB eco-system. 
And assessors who  identify improper content will be rewarded.

NV aims to create a professional assessor community whose fees will be paid from the 
network’s funds. The opportunity to work alongside agencies on author’s rights is currently 
being researched. Assessors who make mistakes will be fined.

4. Advertisers

NVB has two types of advertising inventory: 

1. In-stream pre-rolls and native video. In order to use in-stream pre-roll inventory 
advertisers should use any DSP or AdExchange connected by open RTB protocol to 
one of SSPs that work with NVB via RTB ecosystem.

2. In spot native advertising, that is actually similar to content videos, advertisers 
should provide content that matches the NVB policy of content videos. 



30

Roadmap of the project
Month Year

January  2018

February 2018

March 2018

April 2018

May 2018

June 2018

July 2018

August 2018

September 2018

Product 
Milestone

Network going 
global

Expansion 
of websites 
network

Self service 
interfaces go 
live

Final integration 
tests of several 
demand sources

Start of 
programmatic 
sales via SSPs 

Android SDK

Exclusive 
cooperation with 
particular DSP

Europe & UK 
office

High Impact 
Ad formats 
implementation

Sales Milestone Turnover* $M

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

2.0

2.6

3.2

3.9

4.7

Network:
Sites/Video Ads

1.5K /120M

3K / 250M



31

Month Year

October 2018

November 2018

December 2018

January 2019

February 2019

March 2019

April 2019

May 2019

Product 
Milestone

Direct Deals 
implementation

Integration with 
top 10 SSP and 
Ad Exchanges

Brand safety 
multilingual 
(European) pack

Leading CMS 
Integration

Latin America 
expansion

In-house 
Advertising 
Agency (sale 
house)

Сommencement 
of multi-tier 
blockchain

Top 50 
programmatic 
demand sources

Sales Milestone

Launch of 
In-house DSP/ 
USA office

Brazilian office

Turnover* $M

5.7

6.9

8.4

9.7

11.3

13.1

14.6

16.2

Network:
Sites/Video Ads

6K / 500M



32

Month Year

June 2019

July 2019

August 2019

September 2019

October 2019

November 2019

December 2019

January 2020

February 2020

March 2020

April 2020

May 2020

Product 
Milestone

Native Promo 
Videos Launch

Native Promo 
Videos to 
worldwide 
advertising 
agency 
networks

Multi-tier 
blockchain fully 
implemented

China and South 
Asia expansion

Sales Milestone

Singapore office

Turnover* $M

18

19.8

21.8

24

26.2

28.6

31.2

35

36.4

39.4

42.1

45.1

Network:
Sites/Video Ads

12K / 1B

24K / 2B



33

Month Year

June 2020

July 2020

August 2020

September 2020

October 2020

November 2020

December 2020

Product 
Milestone

Brand safety 
(Asia pack) 
integration

Sales Milestone Turnover* $M

48.2

51.2

54.3

57.6

60.5

63.6

66.8

Network:
Sites/Video Ads

48K / 3.4B

60K / 4B 

* Based on the average estimate of 10M issued tokens

Network going global
Initial global websites integrated and tested. First global videos processed added to  NVB 
storage. Implementation of ability to show ads integrated by industry standards.  

Expansion of websites network
Partnerships with video content aggregators and website networks.

Final integration tests of several demand sources
Implementation of multisource demand technology (in order to maximise revenue)

Start of programmatic sales via SSPs 
Platform start to show ads that programmatically sold by DSPs connected to SSPs NVB 
work with. 3 sources of programmatic demand already connected to the platform.



34

Android SDK
Implementation of “Android SDK” a tool that will make possible NVB integration right 
into many  Android apps. Then NVB widget will be shown not only on a websites and their 
mobile versions but inside countless android platform applications and devices, from 
smartphones to smart TVs.

iOS SDK
Implementation of iOS SDK, like Android SDK its NVB bridge for spreading into Apple iOS 
ecosystem and iPhone and iPad mobile applications.

Mobile apps network
We intend to start af mobile apps network as another arm of inventory growth. Integration 
with both mobile SDK (Android and iOS). To mobilise this we’ll bring a number of mobile 
app developers onboard to help launch an NVB mobile services ecosystem

High Impact Ad formats implementation
Implementation of high impact video advertising formats for stronger RPM on a selected 
sites

Direct Deals implementation
Ability to make direct deals on NVB inventory as a part of RTB ecosystem.

Integration with top 10 SSP and Ad Exchanges
Integration with leading worldwide SSPs like Doubleclick, Nexage, Inneractive etc.

Brand safety (Europe pack) multilingual implementation
Release of brand safety service for European languages in additional to basic english 
oriented brandsafe engine. Brand Safety means that ads will not show among aggressive, 
tragic or obscene (not safe in other words) content.

Leading CMS Integration
The release of plugins for popular content management systems including Wordpress, 
Drupal, Wix and others. This will allow a  vast number of websites to easily integrate with 
the NVB widget.

Expansion into Latin America 
We’ll introduce market specific features so that NVB products are accessible to the Latin 
American market of publishers and advertisers too.



35

In-house Advertising Agency (sale house)
We plan to collaborate with full service advertising agencies that provide clients with 
appropriate services from brief to native video creative and effective media campaign 
planning.

Сommencement of multi-tier blockchain
Selected events (clicks and ad loading) are placed into blockchain with multi-tier 
blockchain technology.

Top 50 programmatic demand sources
Reaching and connecting all specific, mobile and local demand sources to get maximum 
possible demand connected to our inventory.

Native Promo Videos Launch
Launching a different new style of video product for advertisers. A video that looks like 
more like content from our affiliated video creators than a short video advertisement, but is 
in actual fact advertising. These videos will be shown in the same way as creators content, 
minus pre rolls using the NVB programmatic engine only vs the RTB ecosystem.

Multi-tier blockchain fully implemented
100% of our platforms functionality are processed via blockchain (including all VAST and 
VPAID events, viewability etc).

China and South Asia expansion
Bunch of necessary, market specific, features to make NVB products spicy enough for 
Asian cuisine and let Asian publishers and advertisers get all NVB benefits.

Brand safety (Asia pack) multilingual integration
Release of brand safety service for Asian languages in additional to basic english and euro 
oriented brandsafe engine. Brand Safety means that ads will not show among aggressive, 
tragic or obscene (not safe in other words) content. 



36

Fundraising process
The process is split into two stages.

First stage – pre-sale
(1st of December, 2017 to 31th of December, 2017)

At pre-sale stage we are going to raise $500k, pursuing two goals:
1. Checking token holders’ attitude and level of interest
2. Closing deals with institutional token holders, willing to be early birds or not able/not 

willing to participate in later stages
3. Making a final check of overall ICO mechanics

Tokens of pre-sale and ICO stage will have the same structure and design, with no 
difference between them.

Pre-sale period consists of two parts:
1. 1st of December to 10th of December. Minimum amount of the purchase is $5000. 

At this part, 50% discount to account for early investment is given, with 1 NVB token 
priced ETH equivalent of $0.5 instead of $1 (the exchange rate setting rule is to be 
defined).

2. 11th of December to 31th of December. Minimum amount of the purchase is $1000. 
At this part, 25% discount to account for early investment is given, with 1 NVB token 
priced ETH equivalent of $0.75 instead of $1 (the exchange rate setting rule is to be 
defined).

Second stage - ICO 
(January 1, 2018 - April 15, 2018)

In a second, or main stage of our ICO process, we are going to raise up to $14,5M (so that 
the ceiling cap for the whole ICO process would be $15 M). Tokens this time are sold at 
equivalent of $1 for each.

Due to the high demand, we introduce special bonuses during ICO:

• 01.01 -15.02 - 20% bonus
• 15.02-15.03 - 10% bonus
• 15.03-15.04 - no bonus



37

NVB tokens explained
NVB tokens are utility tokens based on the Ethereum platform in accordance with the 
ERC20 standard. 

During pre-sale and ICO periods 20M of NVB tokens minted and sold, at a price of $1, with 
no way to create new ones as a result of actions on the part of NVB or other entity. NVB 
team commits to distribute impressions delivered via outlined mechanism, with no inflows/
outflows of money beside those required for purchasing (or realized as a result) of buying/
selling tokens.

NVB tokens are the currency of the service: all the transactions among system participants 
are conducted solely in tokens. NVB network is monetizing with in-stream ad loads. To 
acquire ad impressions, advertiser needs to purchase NVB tokens.



38

NVB billing is hourly based. Tokens from advertiser’s wallet for the ad impressions are 
transferred to other system participants:

• 60% - to owners of website where the impressions were made, 
• 15% - to owners of content on which the impressions were made,
• 25% - to NVB system as a service fee to cover the tech costs.

Tokens aren’t burnt when used once within the system: they can be used endless number 
of times. However, NVB holds the right to burn up to 100% of the tokens it would receive as 
service fees.

After the ICO is over and before 1st of April of 2018 and launch of NVB platform, it is 
possible to trade tokens or to buy impression with them with tokens prices at nominal price 
of $1. 

After 1st April tokens become the only medium at NVB, with no restriction on their worth at 
all and only one important restriction concerning their circulation - freezing period. Below 
is the schedule according to which freezing period length converges until it is 1 month:

To encourage the publishers and video content creators to join NVB in the early stage 
(period when we’ll practice token “freezing”) we offer them a special ‘platinum’ status as 
one of early adopter participants. This means that will get lifetime priorities and essential 
bonuses in every aspect of the interaction with the system.

All the tokens activated in a system in a period of time have total value equal to turnover of 
the system, which can be approximately calculated as:

Apparently, “freezed” token can not be activated. 

Apr 18

5

May 18

4

Jun 18

3

Jul 18

1

Aug 18

1

Sen 18

2

Oct 18

1

Nov 18

2



39

Example

1. Advertiser purchases tokens for 100$ according to the current rate (let’s assume 
a token’s exchange rate is 1$)

2. Video ads are shown of a value of purchased tokens.
3. At the end of an hour, tokens are withdrawn from advertiser’s wallet and transferred 

to other system participants’ wallets:
• 60 tokens - to publishers, where the ads were shown
• 15 tokens -  to owners of content pre-roll of which ad was shown
• 25 tokens -  to NVB system as a service fee to cover the tech costs

4. NVB burns at least 5 tokens ( basically, from 5% to 20% of all the tokens).

5. Any system participant can sell his tokens on exchange at any moment when the 
‘freeze’ period is over.



40

Risks  
Purchase of tokens is connected with high level of risks: risks connected with price of 
token, author rights risks, blockchain and software related risks, safety risks. There is also 
a number of risks related to platform’s development, company business and governmental 
activities.

Every buyer should thoroughly consider all the risks involved before making a purchase. If 
any of these risks occurs, NVB platforms and price of tokens can be negatively affected.

NVB tokens are not securities

User acknowledges, understands, and agrees that NVB tokens are not securities and are 
not registered with any government entity as a security, and shall not be considered as 
such. User acknowledges, understands, and agrees that ownership of NVB does not grant 
the user the right to receive profits, income, or other payments or returns arising from 
the acquisition, holding, management or disposal of, the exercise of, the redemption of, or 
the expiry of, any right, interest, title or benefit in NVB Platform or any other NVB property, 
whole or in part.

Absence of guarantees of income or profit

There is no guarantee that  NVB tokens will grow in value. There are no guarantees that 
the price of  NVB tokens will not decrease, including significantly, due to some unforeseen 
events, or events over which the developers have no control, or because of force majeure 
circumstances.

Risks associated with Ethereum

NVB tokens will be issued on the Ethereum blockchain. Therefore, any failure or 
malfunctioning of the Ethereum protocol may lead to the trading network of NVB tokens 
not working as expected.



41

Regulatory uncertainty

Blockchain technologies are subject to supervision and control by various regulatory bodies 
around the world.  NVB tokens may fall under one or more requests or actions on their part, 
including but not limited to restrictions imposed on the use or possession of digital tokens 
such as  NVB tokens, which may slow or limit the functionality or repurchase of  NVB 
tokens in the future.

NVB tokens are not an investment

NVB tokens are not official or legally binding investments of any kind. In case of unforeseen 
circumstances, the objectives stated in this document may be changed. Despite the fact 
that we intend to reach all goals described in this document, all persons and parties 
involved in the purchase of NVB tokens do so at their own risk.

Risk of losing funds

Funds collected in fundraising are in no way insured. If they are lost or lose their value, 
there is no private or public insurance representative that buyers can reach out to.

Risks of using new technologies

NVB tokens are a new and relatively untested technology. In addition to the risks mentioned 
in this document, there are certain additional risks that the team of the NVB  platform 
cannot foresee. These risks may manifest themselves in other forms of risk than those 
specified herein.

Author rights risks

NVB prohibits actions of ecosystem participants that violate intellectual property rights and 
deletes all content that contradicts with author rights law, including law of author’s rights 
in digital age. NVB reserves the right to terminate the contract with video content creators 
in case of violation of author’s rights. 
There is a risk that individuals or companies who present themselves as right owners or 
use someone else’s content will mislead NVB. 



42

If NVB has to take part in judicial proceedings, this fact can negatively affect company’s 
reputation. In case if a trial is lost, court may oblige the company to pay legal costs and 
compensation to the author right’s owner. In this case NVB will face losses that can 
negatively affect NVB tokens value or lead to bankruptcy. 

To minimize these risks NVB has introduces the institute of assessors and plans to finalize 
the user agreement, verification and filtration systems in case legal precedents occur. NVB 
asks all ecosystem participant to notify us in case they notice content that violates author’s 
rights.



43

Advisory Board

Gabriel Zanko
Fintech entrepreneur with 12+ years experience. 
Founder of MobileYourLife, tech solutions provider 
for AI Fintech companies. Angel investor and ICO 
advisor with expertise in international development.

Andrew Playford
Senior Vice President of Operations at Sonic Foundry, 
Inc, a world leader in automated video capture 
solutions. It’s  flagship platform, Mediasite, is used 
by over 3,000 customers in 60 countries.

Mike Raytsin
Co-founder of ICObox, the most scalable provider of 
token offering services. Serial entrepreneur, angel 
investor, crypto industry visioner.

Yaacov Bitton
CEO and Co-founder of Advanced Cash: easy to use 
and versatile online payment system that is one of the 
most popular payment service provider gateways for 
fiat - token operations the in the crypto community.

Alexander Miheev
Managing Director of Finam Global Investment Fund, 
focusing on executive management of equities and 
Chief Operating Officer of GOSU.AI: AI-based startup 
in personalized cybersport coaching.

Julian Zegelman
Legal advisor for NVB. Founding partner and corporate 
attorney at Velton Zegelman PC, entrepreneur and 
angel investor. Previous successful ICOs: Starta ICO, 
Suretly, Goldmint.io, Blackmoon Crypto, Cindicator 
and ParagonCoin.



44

Georgy Mikhaylets
Co-founder and Vice President of Business 
Development in Win Pay: one of the largest instant 
mass transfer systems on the East-European 
market of international banking services for 
individuals.

Alexei Morozov
Alexei has 14 years of experience in AdTech. His 
work experience includes top management 
positions in companies AdFox, Begun, CrearaMedia, 
Price, Rambler.

Dima Zaitsev
Head of International PR & Business Analytics 
Department Chief at ICOBox, PR advisor to 30+ 
successful ICOs to date. Has his own columns on 
several Media Outlets in the U.S. including 
FXStreet.com and CoinSpeaker.com



45

Team

Alexander Shishow
Founder and CEO

A project leader with 10+ years of experience in 
Ad Tech and Machine Learning projects. Alexander 
has managed development teams on multiple 
projects (Mirax Group, Creative Mob) before 
successfully launching Botscanner, an automatized 
system for traffic quality control. In Native Video 
Box, he brings together expertise in Ad Tech and 
blockchain technology, aiming at creating the future 
of advertising.

Andrey Smirnov
CTO

A team leader with 10+ years of experience in 
full stack development (serverside, frontend, 
databases), with comprehensive expertise in AI/ 
Machine Learning. Previously worked as technical 
director on Mirax Group, Shturmann and Botscanner. 

Nikki Stewart
Head of marketing

A marketing media pro with 10+ years of experience 
in digital media and communication. CSCC Media 
founder and digital influencer with comprehensive 
experience in organic digital marketing strategy 
and social media engagement.

Dmitriy Solodkiy
Blockchain evangelist

Data scientist on programmatic advertising 
systems with 5+ years of experience in business 
and sectoral analysis. Experienced ICO advisor (ITO.
SG) with expertise in research&analytics. Among 
Dmitriy’s previous projects is development of 
AdTech (RTB) Algorithmic Trading Platform. Holds 
a degree in economics from Bonn University.

Andrey Tsvetkov
Front end developer

7+years experience in frontend development with 
expertise in advertising implementation (GPM-
Digital, BrightCove, DoubleClick, VAST, VPAID) and 
video player/widget creation. Andrey’s previous 
work experience includes video ads technologies 
companies for VAST / VPAID, Open RTB & 
programmatic advertising (Weborama, Bazoola).

Pavel Vasin
CBDO

A business development manager with 10+ years 
of experience in Marketing, Ad Tech and account 
teams management: «Begun», the first service for 
contextual advertising and «Between X», the leader 
on Russian programmatic advertising market.  
Pavel contributes to Native Video Box his deep 
experience in Ad Tech business development and 
extensive knowledge in the field.



46

Peter Kozyakov
IR Director

Strategic Marketing with 10+ years of experience in 
banking and finances. Previous successful projects 
include Win Pay (co-founder, BDM), PayU (Sales 
Director), Payonline (Head of Key Account Sales). 

Alexander Vasilev
CCO

Fintech and banking professional with 10+ years 
experience. Among Alexander’s previous successful 
projects are Rapida, PayU and recently Win Pay, 
where he is a co-founder and commercial director. 

Anton Noginov  
Blockchain Architect

Pro in highload systems design, cryptographic 
algorithms, blockchain development and smart 
contract implementation. 

Maxim Prudchenko
Head of Support

International head of support services professional. 
With a degree in Applied Informatics in Economics, 
Maxim brings together high-quality client service 
and professional knowledge of the field.

 

Xenia Vyazemskaya
PR Director

3+ years experience in project management 
and leadership in multiple fields. Previous work 
experience includes PR team management in 
e.Queo - innovative technologies for interactive 
business communication and e-learning.
Constantly learning and improving her professional 
skills, Ksenia brings practical knowledge of PR 
development and enthusiasm to NVB.

Masha Vyazemskaya 
Community Manager

A social media and event specialist in entertainment 
& blockchain spheres. Community management, 
digital strategies and content creation.



47

Glossary
Direct deals – The deals is negotiated directly between buyer and seller (in-person or via 
a platform), the inventory and pricing are guaranteed, and the campaign runs at the same 
priority as other direct deals in the ad server. 

AdExchange – An ad exchange is a sales channel between publishers and ad networks that 
can also provide aggregated inventory to advertisers. They provide a technology platform 
that facilitates automated auction based pricing and buying in real-time. the definition of an 
ad exchange excludes technology platforms that exclusively provide tools that enable direct 
media buying and selling between exchange participants.  

Autoplay – video content that initiates ‘‘play’’ without user interaction or without an explicit 
action to start the video (essentially automatically starting without a ‘‘play’’ button being 
clicked by the user). 

Bounce rate – Figured as a percentage, this compares the number of visitors to a website 
who arrive and immediately leave vs. those who stay and spend time on the site; can be 
used to measure the effectiveness of a website, a search campaign or an ad campaign.

CDN  – Content delivery network A service that hosts online assets and provides content 
management via servers located around the globe to reduce the latency of downloads to 
users. 

Crawler – A robot (also known as an automatic indexer, bot, Web spider) in NVB system 
that goes through the web-pages to index their content to fit videos for them. 

CTR (click-through rate) –  The ratio of number of clicks on advertising announcement per 
total number of views.

Direct deals – The deals is negotiated directly between buyer and seller (in-person or via 
a platform), the inventory and pricing are guaranteed, and the campaign runs at the same 
priority as other direct deals in the ad server. 

DSP (Demand Side Platform) – also called buy side optimizer and buy side platform is a 
technology platform that provides centralized and aggregated media buying from multiple 



48

sources including ad exchanges, ad networks and sell side platforms, often leveraging real 
time bidding capabilities of these sources. 

High Impact format –  exclusive ad formats that can improve audience engagement and 
lead to better results. The most effective high impact ads include interactive takeovers, 
pre-roll ads, gravity advertising, and push down ads. 

IAB OVV (Open Video Viewability) – technology that measures the portion of a video ad 
that is in view and the amount of time the ad is in view. developed by IAB (International 
Advertising Bureau ).

IСO – initial coin offering, a process of initial distribution of tokens, undertaken by project, 
usually to fund its activities in some or the other way

In-Stream Video Ad – Played before, during or after the streaming video content that 
the consumer has requested (Pre-roll, Mid-roll, Post-roll). These ads cannot typically be 
stopped from being played (particularly with pre-roll). This format is frequently used to 
monetize the video content that the publisher is delivering. In-Stream Video Ads can be 
played inside short or long-form video and rely on video content for their delivery. There 
are four different types of video content where in-stream may play: UGC (User Generated 
Content/Video), Syndicated, Sourced and Journalistic. In-Stream Video Ads are displayed 
within the context of streaming video content.

Metainfo (meta data) – information about features and properties, characterizing some 
objects, that allows to automatically search and manage them in big information flows. 

Metainfo Storage – storage of meta information. 

MRC Viewable Ad Impression 2.0 – standard of fixation of video viewing, developed by MRC 
(Media Rating Council), according to which the video is considered watched if the user sees 
more than 50% of ad, 1 second or more.

Native advertising – A form of paid media where the ad experience follows the natural 
form and function of the user experience in which it is placed. These paid ads aspire to 
be so cohesive with the page content, assimilated into the design, and consistent with the 
platform behavior that the viewer simply feels that they belong.

OpenRTB – open protocol for the automated trading of digital media across a broader 



49

range of platforms, devices, and advertising solutions created by IAB that allows an 
individual ad impression to be put up for bid in real-time. 

Out-Stream Video Ad – A form of video advertising that takes place outside of In-Stream 
Video content. The key difference between in-stream and out-stream video ads is that 
out-stream video ads leverage the existence of standard display ad units to deliver a video 
experience as opposed to another static or rich media format. For example, a site visitor 
may view an article on a news website and a muted, auto-play video ad may load in a 
standard display ad unit and then be followed by some video footage.

Post-click – scheme of users accounting in internet advertising, where user is identified 
via a special cookie after he clicks on the advertising. 

Programmatic – programmatic trading is the use of automated systems and processes to 
buy and sell inventory. This includes, but is not limited to, trading
that uses real time bidding auctions.

Publishers – web sites owners who place NVB widget on their pages to show advertising 
videos.

Session duration – the time user spends on the website.

SSP (Supply/Sell Side platform) – A sell side platform (SSP), also called sell side 
optimizer, inventory aggregator, and yield optimizer is a technology platform that provides 
outsourced media selling and ad network management services for publishers. A sell 
side platform business model resembles that of an ad network in that it aggregates ad 
impression inventory. However, a sell side platform serves publishers exclusively, and does 
not provide services for advertisers.
The inventory managed by the SSP is usually purchased by aggregate buyers, either 
demand side platforms (DSPs) or ad networks.
 

Token holders – all the NVB token holders including the project team, bounty receivers, 
publishers, content right owners and other token holders who have acquired NVB tokens 
during ICO or Pre-Sale. 

User experience – the overall experience of a person using a product such as a website or 
computer application, especially in terms of how easy or pleasing it is to use.  



50

VAST – a standardized method for communicating the status of a video ad back to the 
ad servers in the case where the ad is served from a dynamically selected ad server. It is 
specifically designed for on-demand video player where the ad response is parsed prior 
to play. VAST is applicable to Linear Video Ads (such as “pre-rolls”), Non-linear Video Ads 
(such as “overlays”) and Companion ads as defined in the IAB Digital Video Ad Format 
Guidelines.

VPAID – (Video Player Ad Interface Definition) a protocol used for ad servers, ad units, and 
publishers to communicate with each other in order to serve video ads with interactive 
capabilities. 



CONTACT US

nvb.digital 
info@nvb.digital

t.me/nvb_en
m.facebook.com/nativevideobox


