
























































NAU_WhitePaper (English)


W H I T E  P A P E R

Ver. 1.7 | Nov 23, 2017



Disclaimer

Summary

Introduction

Vision and concept

Market overview

Value proposition

Competition

Technology

Go-to-market strategy

Roadmap

Token sale

Finances and legal

NΛU team

.....................................................................................................................3

......................................................................................................................4

.................................................................................................................5

....................................................................................................6

.......................................................................................................14

....................................................................................................16

..............................................................................................................18

...............................................................................................................22

............................................................................................24

...................................................................................................................25

.................................................................................................................26

...................................................................................................30

..................................................................................................................32



PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO 
THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX,
OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).

The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of 
a contractual relationship. The material of the current white paper in no way constitutes the 
provision of professional advice. NAU does not guarantee, and accepts no legal liability 
whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, or 
completeness of any material contained in this white paper. Investors and potential NAU 
token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior to relying on, 
or entering into any commitment or transaction based on the material published in this 
white paper as it is purely published for reference purposes alone.

NAU tokens are not be intended to be treated as securities in any jurisdiction. This white 
paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended 
to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any 
jurisdiction. NAU does not provide any opinion on any advice to purchase, sell, or otherwise 
transact with NAU tokens and the fact of presentation of this white paper shall not form the 
basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision. No 
person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the 
sale and purchase of NAU tokens, and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be 
accepted on the basis of this white paper.

Important

3

You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any NAU tokens if you are Green card 
holders of the United States or citizens or residents (tax or otherwise) of the United States 
of America, or other U.S. are not eligible to participate in NAU tokens sale. That limits the 
ability of U.S persons to use NAU tokens and participate in the future development of the 
Project in any matter.



This white paper is intended to provide readers with information on what NAU Platform is,
outline the business model behind it, describe the market and the way NAU team is going 
to disrupt it backed by its investors and token holders.

NAU is the platform that directly connects customers and retailers using blockchain 
technology to guarantee transparency and reliability. By enabling every user to be an 
affiliate to any retailer, NAU encourages consumers to spread the word about the platform, 
creating a unique ecosystem where each user is an avid ambassador, because that’s him, 
who gets rewarded by the retailers for bringing sales to the latter. The retailers, in their 
turn, get access to the highly-targeted local audience and pay only for the real leads ending 
up with particular actions including sales. This is by our vision the best possible 
interpretation of once popular SoLoMo (Social, Local, Mobile) marketing approach.

NAU is a very ambitious project requiring substantial initial and operational expenses. Our
global aim is to create a fair and mutually beneficial platform where retailers can 
comfortably get additional sales based on transparent and affordable price while directly 
rewarding those who make these sales possible - the affiliates.

The main point of entry to NAU Platform is the mobile app with geolocation module. It 
allows users to find the retailers and particular offers to redeem. The app will be released 
in beta within 2 weeks after the public token sale is over. NAU has already set up local 
offices in Germany, Philippines, Colombia, Russia and Ukraine and started signing up 
retailers for the initial stage of platform deployment.

4



Lead and sales generation is the key target of the majority of marketing efforts. Throughout 
the history many marketing approaches have appeared, evolved and disappeared due to 
the inability to deliver sales at affordable price or the inability to track and account this.

Online advertising has disrupted the industry and continues doing that. The CPA 
(cost-per-action) model has made efficient advertising possible for many businesses that 
were before bound to wasting substantial parts of their budgets paying for marketing 
presence only.

Thanks to the high level of national economy and technology penetration SMBs in countries 
like the USA can benefit a lot from online and mobile advertising tools available today, 
though many of them are still unaware of that opportunity. In the rest of the world however 
most of local businesses have no access to core advantages of CPA model, because there 
has been no solution with low setup and entry cost, easy management and accounting. 
A laundry in Manila, a coffee shop in Bogota, a family grocery in Augsburg, a barbershop in 
Odessa and pet clinic in Novosibirsk are still limited in their marketing opportunities. They 
should either stick to the traditional advertising including billboards, flyers, local radio and 
press etc. or try to get use of online tools like social networks or contextual advertising. Both 
ways require certain expertise and have no guaranteed or at least easily trackable return of 
investments in leads and sales.

Digital coupons seemed to be a very promising solution when they first appeared and 
started gaining popularity both among users and retailers. Coupons have always been a 
popular marketing tools worldwide and their digital spin-off was quickly adopted by the 
consumers community. It looked like local retailers have finally been granted access to the 
affordable, predictable and accountable way of attracting customers. Regrettably, what 
seemed to be great by concept appeared to be frustrating: retailers are forced to give 
insane discounts to get featured and in addition have to pay up to 50% of the discount to 
the service as a commission, therefore bringing the effective discount up to 90% in some 
cases. Besides, the approach is based on discounts only, restricting flexibility while for many 
retailers it is crucial. As a result, many retailers never use this marketing tool again, the 
overall quality of offers becomes lower and customers lose interest as well.

One of NAU unofficial slogans sounds like Digital coupons reimagined. We know that the 
concept of saving and getting bonuses is still very popular for the consumers both on 
well-developed and emerging markets. We also believe that a direct business-customer 
platform removing the numerous middlemen who create no additional value is the next 
step of digital marketing for retailers.

It’s time for it.

5



Back in 2010 a new buzzword SoLoMo came into each digital marketer’s vocabulary, 
meaning the combination of social, local and mobile marketing to achieve the best results 
in matching local businesses with their consumers. At least 1 of 5 searches on the Internet 
is local, people love to share on social networks and the world goes more and more mobile - 
there is no wonder that services like Foursquare and Yelp quickly became very popular.

The core principle of NAU is the win-win approach, which is something the world of 
advertising and affiliate marketing seems to be missing nowadays. This has been virtually 
impossible before, but the blockchain technology and crowdfunding through initial token 
sale have opened the window of opportunity for the solutions one could hardly imagine a 
few years or even months ago.

6

SOCIAL

SoLoMoLO
CATIO

N M
O

BI
LE



2 3 

4 4 

Discounts &
Rewards

Social
connection

GamificationGPS & WiFi
geolocation

Luck & Smart
feelings

Time & Effort
optimization

We are creating a platform where retailers and their consumers connect directly through 
special offers that encourage customers to choose a particular retail point prior to its 
competitors. We also consider it fair for the retailer to pay a reward for getting new 
customers and that this reward goes to someone, who have referred these customers. If 
you invite your friend to join the ecosystem, where he constantly becomes a customer to 
numerous retailers (receiving discounts, bonuses and gifts), isn’t it you who should be 
rewarded by all those retailers? Here at NAU we think it’s exactly you. And that is why it 
works exactly like this:

The platform keeps 5% of what retailers pay for each redemption of their offers. 95% goes 
to an affiliate - a user referring another user who has redeemed an offer. That is how 95% 
of funds spent by retailers to attract new customers go exactly to those who fulfil this 
attraction. This creates additional motivation and increases the momentum of platform 
spreading within the communities of consumers.

NAU utilises everything that makes 
SoLoMo marketing solution beneficial 
and successful.

We are adding lifetime referral 
commission for those who bring 
customers to NAU, making the social 
connection function even more 
rewarding for every single user.

7

Redeems an offer
and receives a gift
or discount

0.05
NAU

token

0.95
NAU

token

John

Retailer

Creates an offer
visible to John and
Kate in NAU app

Kate

Invites Kate
to join NAU

1 



That is what we think win-win approach is. Retailers and customers communities empower 
each other: users are entitled to the special offers they love, they can also get rewarded by 
retailers for referring friends, colleagues or social media followers, while retailers can boost 
their sales using an affordable and flexible marketing instrument.

How it works

NAU is technically a platform featuring API and mobile app, which is the main entry point for 
users. To start using NAU, one should download an application, sign up and set up their 
account. After that the user immediately gets access to all offers available, that are divided 
into 5 main categories and are displayed based on the user’s current location.

8



Offer redemption

Having chosen the particular offer, the user comes to this retailer and places the order 
which is subject to the special offer mentioned in the application. The user should tell about 
their intention to use NAU before they ask for a bill. To redeem an offer, user should click 
the corresponding button and show the code to retailer’s representative, who in his turn 
should enter the code in mobile or desktop application, where the redemption request is 
already displayed. When the redemption is accepted by the retailer, the latter pays 95% of 
the amount of NAU tokens defined earlier to another platform user, who has referred the 
aforementioned customer to NAU platform.

9



Referring users

To refer other users to NAU platform and start receiving rewards for their interactions with 
retailers a user should use one of the sharing tools available from the app and website. 
These include direct links, social media sharing of both the application and particular offer, 
professional publishers can use API to display offers based on their audience information 
etc. When a referred user downloads the application and signs up, the affiliate’s invite code 
is used by default. Invite code is required for sign up. Users can see the information about 
the referred users in their account.

Participating as a retailer

Users can switch to the advertising mode within the mobile app or website after logging in. 
Retailers are being manually approved by NAU local office or certified agent before they  an 
activate their first offer. This is necessary to prevent fraud, brand abuse and fake 
advertising accounts. A minimum of 10 NAU tokens is required to be allocated to a single 
offer to activate it. A 10 million NAU tokens promotional fund will be created to credit the 
early-bird retailers with free tokens to attract them to the platform.

Agent interface and API

A dedicated interface is developed for certified NAU agents. These are the companies or 
individuals that receive the right to create and manage multiple advertising accounts on 
behalf of the corresponding retailers. Agent interface is available through web only.

API can be used by both users and retailers to integrate the functionality of NAU platform 
into their business processes. For example, large publishers can use API to receive 
information about particular offers to show them to the visitors based on geolocation to 
improve conversion. Retailers can manage offers through API integrating this into their 
CRM systems. This is crucial for online retailers, as their offers are usually redeemed online 
and they need to approve those redemptions instantly after users place orders.

10



Talking about the world of digital marketing for retailers in general and digital coupons as 
part of it, we can outline a few common and some particular problems that both users and 
retailers experience, and explain how NAU is designed to solve them.

CAC opacity for advertisers. Try asking a fellow retailer about their customer acquisition 
cost from digital marketing channels. You will hardly hear an exact answer. Despite the fact 
digital advertising is much easier to track than traditional, most advertisers are still unable 
to calculate the CAC, LTV and ROI of the customers they attract through digital channels. 
This also makes marketing budget planning more difficult and less precise.

NAU makes things clear and simple. Retailers pay each time any offer they’ve 
created is redeemed. You got the lead you wanted - you pay. The price you pay in 
your local currency depends on how many tokens you wish to transfer as a reward 
for the lead and current token market price (or the price you’ve purchased the token 
at earlier). This means a retailer can purchase tokens at the current price in advance 
to use them later, thus being able to plan the CAC as precisely as possible.

Huge discounts as the only option. Most of traditional coupon services have simplified 
the idea of the coupon to discounts only. The bigger - the better. It has become an arms 
race of discounts, resulting in retailers being burdened with negative ROI and quitting this 
faulty scheme. 

NAU provides retailers with a flexible customer attraction tool. They can continue 
using discounts if they wish, but they can (and we recommend them to) go beyond 
that, offering bonuses and gifts or second item free, which is a perfect choice for 
HoReCa, for example. Imagine a restaurant offering a second steak free. It may 
seem to be a tough offer for a retailer, but people don’t eat plain steaks. The visitor 
would most definitely end up ordering a side dish, a salad, a dessert, a drink or even 
a few - all for two persons.

Massive payments to middlemen. Coupon services usually charge up to 50% from the 
discount which is already a heavy pressure on the retailer. Sometimes they even hold the 
payment on their side which means the retailer ends up with paying a fortune for the 
services and a cash gap. 

NAU never ties the amount of the discount to the reward retailers pay to affiliates. 
Whether it is a coffee shop offering a free donut to any drink or a dental clinic with 
second tooth removal free - they pay in tokens. A dental clinic may pay more in 
tokens to make its offer more attractive for the publishers to promote, but that is 
optional. Every retailer gets users from the same interface, and the global aim of the 
platform is to create long lasting mutually beneficial relations between publishers, 
retailers and customers. NAU never puts retailers under the risk of losing money on 
each offer redemption by paying crazy money to the middlemen. 

Problems and solutions

11



High entry cost for retailers. It is not a problem for midsize and huge retailers, who have 
both substantial marketing budgets and stock/servicing capabilities. For the smaller retail 
points though this is quite an obstacle. Joining a CPA network or launching a campaign on 
coupon website requires serious initial payments. The result is usually a short-term boost 
in client volume that should be thoroughly serviced, meaning a retailer should hire 
additional stuff or stock up the inventory.

NAU removes the high entry cost obstacle, as the minimal amount to start a 
campaign with one offer is 10 tokens, which is 100% affordable even for the 
smallest retailer possible (not to mention the fact the first million of NAU retailers 
will receive 10 tokens as a free signup bonus). As the offer gets redeemed and the 
number of tokens allocated to it decreases, the offer would be automatically 
deactivated so that users wouldn’t be able to redeem it (and find it within the app). 
Whether you want no more than 5 customers for your barbershop a day through 
the special offers within NAU, or you’ve got a storehouse full of goods you want to 
sell fast and cheap - our platform caters to any kind of retailers and their business 
tasks.

Users are confused with numerous offers. There are so many coupon websites, and 
promotional emails, and traditional promotions - users are sort of over-offered and switch 
to total ignorance towards such offers. Browsing hundreds and thousands of offers on the 
map is no good.

NAU tackles the problem with a very simple geolocation-based approach. The first 
step of a user is to choose the desired category (there are only 5 of them). They 
immediately see the list of the nearby retailers, can see them on the map, make an 
instant choice or use advanced filtering to narrow the list of the retailers. Everything 
is tuned to make it very easy for the user to continue with their everyday activities 
without any hassle of browsing multiple pages on coupon websites trying to choose 
a decent offer combined with the comfortable location. Open the app - choose a 
category - see what’s great just around the corner.

Users are spammed with offers they don’t want. If you have ever been subscribed to any 
coupon service, you are familiar to receiving daily (or even hourly) letters packed with ‘great 
exclusive offers’. Sometimes they consider the past redemptions by the user, sometimes 
they ask users to choose the categories themselves - this tool is still inefficient due to the 
huge number of offers sent in bulk and mostly at the time users don’t need them.

NAU enables retailers to create and push in highly-targeted individual offers to the 
particular selection of users, based on their experience within NAU platform. Users 
personal information is not disclosed to retailers, but our tools allow them to 
personalise the message and the offer itself based on what and when these users 
have visited and redeemed with NAU app. Users can block this function if they don’t 
wish to receive the personalised offers which is actually a beneficial feature for 
them as well.

12



Users are not motivated to share. An average digital coupon website would pay a 
one-time fee to its users for referring their friends. Even if those users later generate many 
times bigger profits, affiliates receive zero share. Coupon users keep sharing even under 
these conditions, but the motivation is low. Publishers are not interested in promoting 
coupons based on any other model except CPM, because otherwise the profits are not 
worth it.

NAU makes user and publisher a king. Affiliates receive 95% of retailers payments 
in tokens. By referring an active special offer user, the affiliate receives lifetime 
profits from his activities, making it very attractive to both share it with your 
network and drive targeted traffic to NAU. We see this as one of the core 
competitive advantages of the platform, as being viral by its nature it will increase 
its user base much faster.

Marketing agencies are out of the game. While many treat marketing agencies as 
middlemen, they are the type of middlemen that can create value. Managing digital coupon 
campaigns can be a challenging task in terms of marketing, not to mention the operational 
load like staff training, topping up balance etc. This is something marketing agencies could 
efficiently do, but since digital coupon services have already squeezed out everything from 
the advertiser, there is no financial capacity for those who could do all the management 
based on retailers needs.

NAU enables marketing agencies and independent marketers to get back in the 
game. They can qualify to become certified agents and start attracting, onboarding 
and managing local and nationwide retailers. Using NAU as a platform, they build 
their own agents business and relations with the retailers they sign up - whether it 
is a fixed monthly commission or a price premium to each NAU token spent to pay 
for offer redemption or push-in notifying the selected audience. We aim to fully 
outsource the management of retailers to our certified partners and concentrate 
on developing the platform and making it a powerful marketing tool available both 
for the retailers who wish to manage everything by themselves and those who 
prefer to hire marketing professionals to save time and efforts.

13



Defining target markets for NAU is not an easy task as virtually every consumer and every 
retailer worldwide is the target audience for the platform we are building. To narrow our 
targeting for more efficient start and initial stage of development we have decided to 
determine the mobile coupons market as the one to establish solid NAU presence at and 
start winning trust and popularity with both retailers and users. This is the market where 
NAU approach fits perfectly and caters to the benefit of all the participating parties to the 
utmost extent.

Let the figures speak for themselves.

of consumers are more 
likely to visit a retail 
point with a coupon

of consumers prefer 
coupons to any other 

type of marketing from 
retailers

of smartphone owners 
are extremely or very 

likely to use digital 
coupons in the future

of consumers say digital 
coupons are a 

convenient option 
compared to printed 

coupons

of worldwide consumers 
use digital coupons 

while 65%  are willing to 
use them

of consumers feel that 
shopping is competitive 

and getting a better 
bargain than others
makes them feel like 

winners

of consumers love to 
receive digital coupons

14

Consumption of couponsUsers of mobile coupons

2018 20192017201620152014

500

1,000

1,500

2018 20192017201620152014

10

20

301.05  bill

560 mln
16 bill

31 bill



Germany Russia

UkraineColombia

Philippines

The worldwide stats confirm NAU is coming to the right place at the right time with a right 
thing to offer to both consumers and retailers. The chosen markets for initial launch are: 

The last three countries are expected to be booming throughout the upcoming years in 
terms of smartphones users due to mobile Internet connection becoming more and more 
affordable, attracting more people to join the world of mobile services and applications.   

The total number of current mobile users in NAU initial launch markets exceeds 185M users 
which we treat to be enough to prove the business model and collect feedback prior to 
launching in new markets. 

Global mobile marketing spendings have exceeded $100B in 2016 and will continue to grow 
year by year eating up traditional marketing budgets. 44% of world population will become 
smartphone users by the end of 2017. 

NAU aims to become the most popular application among mobile coupons users due to its 
viral and rewarding nature backed by smart marketing. Targeting a highly competitive 
market, our company believes in both the perspectives of this market and the ability of NAU 
team to disrupt it and secure a distinctive share of both users attention and retailers 
marketing spendings.

The biggest European country with 
powerful economics and 68.8% of 
population using smartphones. 

An emerging economy with 54.7% of 
population being monthly active smart- 
phone users. 

15

The third most-populated country in 
Latin America with stable and steadily 
growing economy. 35.4% of the population 
are monthly active smartphone users.

One of the most populated European 
countries, with still low smartphones 
penetration level (under 25%) which is 
growing fast featuring huge potential 
and yet low competition. 

A fast growing economy with people very 
eager to join various discount and loyalty  
programs and rapidly developing 
e-commerce. Smartphone MAU is 23.3% 
and increasing fast.

Sources: Inversp CRO, Yahoo! and Universal McCann, Vibes, We Are Social, NewZoo/https://www.invespcro.com/blog/digital-coupon-marketing https://www.yahoo.com/news/blogs/yahoo-advertising-solutions/long-winding-road-gamesmanship-shopping-232727073.html /https://www.vibes.com/resources/2016-mobile-consumer-report https://wearesocial.com/special-reports/digital-in-2017-global-overview /https://newzoo.com/insights/trend-reports/global-mobile-market-report-light-2017



NAU tackles the most obvious issues of the existing solutions that use digital coupon 
approach to bring customers to retailers. Our aim is to create a completely new paradigm 
of relations between retailers, customers and other parties that create real value, based on 
enhanced SoLoMo marketing approach.

NAU helps CUSTOMERS save money and get rewarded lifetime for sharing.

Benefit from discounts and bonuses or enjoy second item free with easy and fun
redemption through mobile app.

Invite friends, colleagues or social media followers and receive 95% of what retailers 
pay as a reward each time your followers redeem special offers.

Build up your user level with NAU and get access to exclusive offers from both local and 
nationwide retailers.

NAU helps RETAILERS attract customers in affordable and transparent way.

Attract highly-targeted audience that turn into leads at 100% conversion rate.

Pay for real and approved leads that generate sales or other target actions.

Flexible tool of creating special offers: from discounts to bonuses.

Fix your marketing expenses by purchasing NAU tokens in advance at the current 
price.

Contact the audience you need with personalised offers through NAU integrated tools.

NAU helps PUBLISHER and INFLUENCER e�ectively monetise their audience.

Receive the unprecedented 95% of what retailers pay for leads.

Lifetime commission for the offers a user you referred redeems.

100% transparency of transactions as every transaction is stored and seen in blockchain.

Use NAU API to present your visitors the offers they are highly interested in.

16



NAU helps  AGENCIES and FREELANCERS offer their clients a new effective marketing tool 
and make profit.

Use NAU to drive more leads to your clients at affordable price.

Purchase NAU tokens today to fix the guaranteed price of one lead for the future 
conversions.

Become NAU certified regional partner to sign, onboard and manage new retailers and 
make profit.

17



NAU joins a highly competitive market with many local and international players. We have 
analyzed and outlined our advantages compared to both direct and indirect competitors 
that NAU is to tackle on initial markets and markets to come.

Coupon / daily deals services

These are NAU direct competitors who have already established relationships with 
merchants and acquired user base. They provide local retailers with the opportunity to 
attract customers through trackable model while offering savings to their users.

Strong sides:

Established retailers and users base.

Well-known brand.

Easy concept users are familiar with.

Weak sides:

Tarnished reputation with users.

High and very high commission.

Complicated merchant onboarding.

Retailers ROI often negative.

Low viral potential.

Why NAU is better for users

NAU is free. Special offers within NAU are always free to use, customers are charged 
for the good or service they purchase at the merchant point, never prior to that.

NAU is rewarding. By sharing experience and inviting other users, NAU users can 
make profit, being rewarded by retailers for each offer redemption by their followers.

NAU is diverse. Besides discounts, NAU offers various other options for customers, 
including a popular ‘second item free’ concept.

18



Why NAU is better for retailers.

NAU welcomes everyone. Rumors say coupon services turn down 7 out of 8 inquiries 
from merchants due to small discount and thus low commission. With NAU retailers 
are absolutely flexible in their SPO marketing strategy.

NAU is affordable. Attracting a lead costs starting from 1 NAU token which price is 
determined by the market. Retailers can purchase tokens in advance and plan their 
marketing campaign far ahead.

NAU is friendly. Retailers don’t need to contact NAU managers to start, pause or 
cancel their special offers. Everything is done easily through a friendly interface on 
desktop or mobile app.

Why NAU is better for agents.

NAU is efficient and transparent. Agencies can power up their clients digital 
marketing campaigns with an affordable, trackable and usable tool.

NAU leaves room for agent fees. As retailers don’t pay crazy commissions and avoid 
crazy discounts, they can allocate part of the money saved to hire marketing 
professionals who could effectively manage their NAU accounts.

19

Why NAU is better for publishers.

NAU is profitable. Attracting users to NAU result in lifetime commission of 95% of 
retailer payments which is absolutely unbeatable.

NAU is transparent. All transactions are stored in blockchain and can be monitored 
and checked anytime, so no room for traffic cheating or shaving.

NAU is flexible. Publishers can take advantage of NAU API to target their audience 
based on location and offer redeeming habits, improving conversion.



While these are indirect competitors, as NAU aims working with online retailers as well, we
are putting efforts into being advantageous towards CPA networks too for both retailers 
and publishers.

As for the publishers, NAU advantages have already been described above. Considering the 
publishers already working with CPA networks, NAU can be an efficient way to monetise 
traffic back, untargeted and local traffic.

Strong sides:

Agreements with retailers and strong publishers base.

High level of process automation.

Safe pay-per-action model for merchants.

Weak sides:

Intransparency for publishers.

Minimal deposit demand for retailers.

Rewards for leads is often restrictively high.

Zero or next to zero applicability to offline retail.

Substantial commission.

Why NAU is better for retailers.

NAU is almost free to start. To create and activate a single offer a retailer needs a 
minimum of 10 tokens which is way lower than initial deposits in CPA networks.

NAU is for everyone. Whether it’s a retailer capable of giving big discounts, a 
high-margin goods seller or a small business that needs 10 sales per week, NAU 
welcomes every SMB to join the platform and start getting customers.

NAU is borderless. There are no currency exchanging issues that impose retailers to 
seek for new affiliate partners in each country where they want to start their business.

CPA networks

20



This isn’t a particular competitor, but as our local representatives pitch NAU to retailers 
when inviting them to join the platform, it becomes obvious that there is still need to 
explain why digital marketing outperforms traditional advertising and how retail can 
benefit from it compared to what it is used to.

Needless to say that NAU easily beats traditional advertising in terms of cost, accessibility 
and efficiency for retailers. We aim to build a comparable eco-system so that NAU becomes 
the industry standard for everyone who wants new customers without paying a fortune for 
them.

Strong sides:

This is something every retailer understands.

Hordes of agencies, media owners and middlemen involved.

Easy to start for every retailer in any place of the world.

Weak sides:

Very difficult and sometimes impossible to track efficiency.

Most effective advertising vehicles are very expensive and occupied by huge brands.

Many middlemen who add to the price a retailer finally pays.

Users getting more and more ‘blind’ and ‘deaf’ towards traditional media.

Most of retailer’s competitors use the same advertising tools.

Traditional advertising

21



NAU APP

OFFERWALL

USERS RETAILERS

NAU WEBSITE

NAU PLATFORM
PUBLISHERS AGENT

AND OTHER
3D PARTNERS

NAU BLOCKCHAIN

The heart of NAU is the platform based on blockchain which is used to store all transactions 
between platform users (whatever their role is) and the platform itself. Transactions are 
cleared through NAU tokens. NAU mobile applications, web backend, offerwall website etc. 
interact with the platform through the proprietary API. 

NAU blockchain is based on MultiChain technology. It allows fast and reliable transactions 
and there is no need to pay rewards to miners for each TX which is important for the 
microtransaction model of NAU. There are no smart contracts in the system. The blockchain 
is operated privately, but all transactions will be available for monitoring on a public scan 
website and anyone can set up a node that will support NAU blockchain and will allow 
browsing it. 

NAU platform structure: 

Technology Stack:

22

Mobile: Apache Cordova, Angular JS, Ionic

Core: Java EE, Spring

Web: PHP7 + Laravel 5.4

Core DB: PostgreSQL9

Blockchain: MultiChain, ANSI C

Unix Daemon / Blockchain Core: C, Jam



Blockchain technology underlies NAU for a few core reasons:

Transparency. One can barely pretend to disrupt any market from the advertising 
industry without 100% transparency - this is something the industry lacks most of all. 
In NAU every user can check how each transaction he participated in is cleared. 
Moreover, they can see all other transactions and if they can identify the particular 
hashes - virtually every transaction can be audited and checked. This is something 
both retailers and users/publishers would definitely appreciate. It is also crucial for 
token sale participants to know that there is no additional hidden emission 
performed by the platform in future, which is also secured by blockchain. 

Why blockchain?

Reliability. Distributed nature of blockchain makes the platform less vulnerable to 
attacks and attempts to compromise the system. Users assets in tokens are stored 
on their wallets and all transactions are stored in blockchain to prevent fraud and 
unauthorized proceedings.

Utility benefits. Using NAU token as a method of payment within the platform 
tackles the issues of cross-border payments, the necessity to exchange currencies,  
allows direct retailer-user rewarding beyond the taxation structures etc. 

NAU token is an asset within Multichain technology blockchain. To have NAU tokens on its 
NAU wallet users should exchange them from eNAU ERC20 tokens they have purchased 
during the token sale or recieve them from other NAU users.

NAU token  is a utility token that is used to pay for access and usage of NAU platform 
features and can be freely exchanged by users between their NAU wallets. 

1 NAU token is the minimal payment for 1 offer redemption. 95% of the payment goes 
directly from retailer’s wallet to referring user’s wallet. 5% goes to NAU wallet. 

NAU tokens are also used to pay for NAU Platform additional services, that include but are 
not limited to: purchasing the “Featured” badge for the retailer; sending personalised offers 
with push-in notifications to the targeted audience.

When users transfer NAU tokens between the wallets, a 0.5% commission is taken from 
each transaction.

In future, NAU tokens would be accepted by the willing retailers as partial or full payment 
for their goods and services.

NAU token

23



NAU international team has three challenging tasks to accomplish in order to execute a 
successful go-to-market strategy. Our long-term business strategy lies in developing a 
technological platform to create a better experience for both consumers and retailers. 
Before that, however, there is a task of onboarding a substantial number of retailers and 
certified agents to make sure customers get access to a variety of special offers in their 
region in each category.

NAU local offices are hiring sales representatives and business development managers to 
negotiate agreements and contracts with retailers, agents and local social media 
influencers and stars to attract users.

NAU sales reps contact nationwide and local retailers and invite them to join the platform 
and enjoy being the early birds who get all the attention from users. Our goal for each of 5 
initial markets is to have at least 5 retailers in each of 5 categories in all medium and large 
cities before NAU app public launch (scheduled on Dec 2017).

NAU BD managers organise private meetings and meetups with local performance and 
BTL agencies as well as individual digital marketing professionals to create a network of 
certified agents in each country. By the end of 2018 NAU plans to fully outsource retailers 
management to the certified agents.

We encourage advertising agencies to onboard their current clients to NAU platform in 
order to enhance their marketing efforts.

NAU team currently negotiates with local celebrities and social media influencers to book 
them for announcement and promotion of NAU application when it is launched in Dec 
2017. We have already secured agreements for the announcements covering ~40% of our 
target audience on the initial markets. Some of them require no payments as the 
influencers agree to benefit from getting the opportunity to become an early affiliate and 
build a huge network of followers in NAU.

This channel will be used on a constant basis to support the positive image and ensure 
permanent media presence.

NAU HQ team works with affiliate networks and independent publishers to integrate NAU 
as a way to monetise traffic. With the unbeatable 95% share, absolute transparency and 
wide targeting we have already secured commitments for over 100M monthly ad serves 
using NAU offers.

24



Roadmap

SEP – OKT 2017

Private presale round

SEP – OKT 2017

Local offices lounch in
5 countries

NOV 1, 2017

Public  presale round
 (50М tokens)

DEC 2017

Token emission

NOV 29, 2017 – DEC 29, 2017

Public sale round
(50M tokens) 

NOV 2017

Start of retailers 
and offers acquisition

NOV 29, 2017 – 1ST PBR

Private sale round
(250M tokens)

DEC 2017

NAU beta release

JAN 2018

Start of global
marketing campaign

Q1 – Q4 2018

Performance Based Rounds

2018 - 2019

Launch on new markets
(based on the results of token sale)

Q3 2018

Retailers start accepting
NAU tokens as a partial payment

Q2 2018

Launch of NAU
marketplace for users

25



Initial token creation process is executed based on Ethereum ERC20 technology.

After token sale is completed the corresponding amount of eNAU ERC20 tokens will be 
released and distributed according to Token Sale Structure and User Agreement.

eNAU tokens can not be used within NAU Platform. To be used as platform utility tokens 
they should be exchanged 1:1 to NAU tokens, which would be possible either manually or 
automatically through the account on NAU Token Sale website. NAU to eNAU exchanges 
would be a subject to 5% commission. We aim to encourage using tokens for their utility 
purposes.

Amount of tokens available for sale: 1.000.000.000.
Additional emission: 285.000.000.

26



description: 500M tokens will be distributed in multiple 
sale rounds which will take place prior to NAU launch on 
a new market. The price will be set by dividing the 
amount of funds raised during the particular period to 
the amount of tokens allocated for this period. 

i.e. a one-week token sale round with 15M tokens cap will 
be announced in March before launching NAU in Vietnam. 
If there would be 300 BTC raised and BTC to USD rate would 
be $5000, one NAU token price would be set at $0.1 for this 
round. 

flexible

none

none

Round cap:

МIN investment:

Bonus tokens:

Token price:

Q1, 2018 - Q4, 2018

Round cap:

$50.000

none

$0.04

МIN investment:

Bonus tokens:

Token price:

150M tokens

$50.000

300%

$0.04

Round cap:

Token price:

Bonus tokens:

Token Sale Structure

27

NOV 29, 2017 - 1ST  PBR

NOV 29, 2017 - DEC 29, 2017

250М tokens

500М tokens

50M tokens

none

35%

$0.04

Round cap:

МIN investment:

Bonus tokens:

Token price:

МAX investment: $50.000

50M tokens

none

none

$0.04

Round cap:

МIN investment:

Bonus tokens:

Token price:

МAX investment: $50.000

МIN investment:

Bonus lock-up: 6 months

SEP 15, 2017 - OCT 15, 2017

NOV 1, 2017 - NOV 27, 2017



Additional emission of tokens:

28

20M tokens to be distributed between project advisors with 12 months lock-up period.

10M tokens to the advertisers promotion fund (10 tokens/new advertiser).

10M tokens to the users promotion fund (1 token/new user signed under invite).

5M tokens are reserved for the bounty-program participants.

240.000.000 tokens will be sent to a separate smart contract. These tokens will become 
available by 10.000.000 each month, starting from the 13th month after token sale 
completion - this is the founding team reward vesting program.

Thus, the founding team starts receiving its reward no earlier than in 2019 and until 2021.

Total maximum amount of tokens: 1 285 000 000 (no earlier than 2021).



Token Sale Process

To participate in NAU Token Sale users must register on https://tokensale.nau.io and 
receive access to their account.

ETH, BTC and LTC will be accepted as cryptocurrencies of contribution during NAU 
Token Sale.

Any contribution will be converted to USD based at the exchange rate fixed at the 
moment the “Show wallet address” button is clicked and then converted to the 
corresponding amount of tokens depending on the current Token Sale round and 
token price.

To participate in Token Sale public presale round, users should make a contribution no 
earlier than Nov 1, 2017 12:00 GMT time and no later than Nov 27, 2017 12:00 GMT 
time.

If the Token Sale public presale round reaches its hard cap of 50M tokens before Nov 
27, 2017, 12:00 GMT time, all the contributions received after the cap is reached would 
be returned to the corresponding contributors.

To participate in Token Public sale main round, users should make a contribution no 
earlier than Nov 29, 2017 12:00 GMT time and no later than Dec 29, 2017 12:00 GMT 
time.

If the user makes a contribution before Nov 29, 2017 12:00 GMT time, they should 
contact support@nau.io to investigate the issue.

It may appear so that user makes a transaction when the token price is still $0.04, but 
at the moment the transaction comes to Token Sale contribution wallets the token 
price could have become higher - this is the risk the users should accept and try to 
avoid that using the Token Sale progress bar for information.

Detailed instructions on participating in Token Sale and contributing funds will be 
published later.

NAU main token sale round ends on Dec 29, 2017 12:00 GMT time or when the hard 
cap of the round is reached (50M tokens) whatever happens earlier. The private token 
sale round will be limited to 250M NAU tokens and min. contribution should be 
$50.000 to participate. This round will start on Nov, 29 and will last until the first 
performance based round is announced or when the hard cap of the round is reached 
(250M tokens) whatever happens earlier.

Token Sale contributors may choose automatic exchange of ERC20 eNAU tokens to 
NAU tokens 1:1 in their account.

Token Sale contributors will receive their ERC20 eNAU tokens or NAU tokens (if they 
hoose the exchange option in their account) within 7 days after the end of Token Sale. 

Token Sale is operated by NAU, a limited company incorporated in the Cayman Islands 
with company number 326425.

29



NAU main company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands, the company number is 326425 
(the Company). The platform will be operated by another Nominated Entity TBA later which 
will have its official representatives in all markets of NAU operations. The local companies 
are created to approve local retailers and manage agents that will fulfill the retailers 
acquisition to the platform.

NAU budgets, profit and loss projections are nominated in USD, as the significant part of 
expenditures to develop and run the project are made and would be made in fiat money.

NAU aims to raise at least $5.000.000 during the token sale campaign. This is the estimated 
amount needed to operate on the initial 5 markets until the end of 2019 when the platform 
breaks even and starts generating profit.

Use of proceeds

Funds are to be distributed as follows:

Retailers acquisition:

Customers acquisition: 

R&D:     

Global & C-level expenses:

BD & PR expenses:

IT infrastructure:  

Legal:    

HQ and local offices launch:

TOTAL $7,913,300

$2,598,000

$1,247,500

$1,740,000

$1,026,000

$713,000

$297,800

$229,000

$62,000

30



Considering the projected income of $2,911,980 during this period, NAU needs funding of 
$5,001,319, which should be acquired by the end of 2018. NAU has already raised enough 
contributions to operate until the end of 2018 under the basic scenario.

Please check the P&L projections and key indicators that influence the projections here.

Additional funds raised during the token sale will be used to launch NAU on new markets 
and therefore intensify retailers and customers acquisition process, support NAU token 
liquidity and create additional infrastructure.

Projected allocation of additional funds:

30% - new markets launch

40% - retailers and 
customers acquisition, 
global marketing

15% - infrastructure, legal, IT and
HR costs for new local offices

8% - NAU Token liquidity 
support fund

5% - extra R&D expenses

2% - reserve

31

https://goo.gl/dvmxKC



NAU is run by a team of determined guys who aim to completely disrupt the industry of 
digital coupons and local affiliate marketing. We are dedicated and crazy about NAU and 
how it can change the way retailers interact with their customers, and the way customers 
interact with one another too.

The team also features 9 in-house developers who are working full-time on NAU platform, 
mobile application and other core modules of NAU eco-system. Moreover, we’ve 
onboarded a bunch of avid professionals in marketing, client success service, retailers 
management and more. 

32

Core team and advisors

YAROSLAV SHAKULA

Founder, CEO

EGOR BRUSKIN

Co-Founder

MAX GAVRIUK

CTO

MARC KENIGSBERG

Advisor on tokenomics and data

TZVI SHISHLER

Advisor on intеrnational marketing

ASHIT JOSHI

Business Development Advisor

OLGA ROMANOVA

Head international sales

https://www.linkedin.com/in/olga-romanova-13447094/

https://www.facebook.com/yaroslav.shakula

https://www.linkedin.com/in/yaroslav-shakula/

https://www.facebook.com/ashit.joshi

https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshiashit/

https://www.facebook.com/tzvishishler

https://www.linkedin.com/in/tzvishishler/

https://www.facebook.com/marc.kenigsberg

https://www.linkedin.com/in/marckenigsberg/

https://www.facebook.com/egorbruskin

https://www.linkedin.com/in/egor-bruskin-84428068/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/fonmax/


