






















White Paper V3.2



Contents

Legal Disclaimer 

THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT GIVE PERSONAL, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE. YOU ARE STRONGLY 
ENCOURAGED TO SEEK YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVICE.

 1. The Neuromation NeuroToken (NTK) White Paper (hereinafter “the White Paper” or “the Document”) is 
presented for informational purposes only.
 2. Nothing in the Document shall be construed as an offer to sell or buy securities in any jurisdiction, a 
solicitation for investment, or investment advice. The Document does not regulate any sale and purchase of the 
NeuroToken (NTK; as referred to in the White Paper). The sale and purchase of the NeuroToken (NTK) is 
governed by the Terms and Conditions.
 3. Several estimates, phrases, and conclusions incorporated in the White Paper constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such statements or information concern matters that involve uncertainties and risks, which may 
result in material differences from the results anticipated.
 4. The White Paper may be updated or altered, with the latest version of the Document prevailing over previous 
versions, and we are not obliged to give you any notice of the fact or content of any changes. The latest version 
of the White Paper in English is available at the website https://neuromation.io/en/.  Although we make every 
effort to ensure that all data submitted in the White Paper is accurate and up to date at the point in time that the 
relevant version has been disseminated, the proposed Document is not an alternative to consulting an 
independent third-party opinion.
 5. The White Paper and the related documents may be translated into languages other than English. Should a 
conflict or an inconsistency arise between the English-language version and a foreign-language version, the 
English-language version of the Document shall govern and prevail.
 6. The White Paper does not constitute an agreement that binds Neuromation. Neuromation, its directors, 
officers, employees, and associates do not warrant or assume any legal liability arising out of or related to the 
accuracy, reliability, or completeness of any material contained in the White Paper. To the fullest extent 
permitted by any applicable law in any jurisdiction, Neuromation shall not be liable for any indirect, special, 
incidental, consequential, or other losses arising out of, or in connection with, the White Paper, including, but not 
limited to, loss of revenue, loss of income or profits, and loss of data.
Persons who intend to purchase NeuroTokens (NTK) should seek the advice of independent experts before 
committing to any action set out in the White Paper.
 7. You do not have the legal right to participate in the NeuroToken (NTK) digital asset public sale if you are a 
citizen, a resident of (tax or otherwise), or a green card holder of the United States of America (including Puerto 
Rico, the US Virgin Islands, and any other protectorate of the United States) or other representatives of the 
United States or any jurisdiction where the issue of NeuroTokens (NTK) would be illegal or subject to any 
requirement for registration, licensing, or lock-up. "A representative of the United States" means a naturalized 
person resident in any of those jurisdictions or any institution organized or registered in accordance with the 
laws of any of those jurisdictions. According to the laws of the United States, citizens of the United States living 
abroad can also be considered "US representatives" under certain conditions.

 

www.neuromation.io

https://neuromation.io/en/


Contents

Legal Disclaimer

8. You agree that you purchase, receive, and hold the NeuroTokens (NTK) at your own risk and that the 
NeuroTokens (NTK) are provided on an ‘as is’ basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. It is 
your responsibility to determine if you are legally allowed to purchase the NeuroTokens (NTK) in your jurisdiction 
and whether you can then resell the NeuroTokens (NTK) to another purchaser in any given jurisdiction. You bear 
the sole responsibility for determining or assessing the tax implications of your participation in the crowdsale, 
purchasing, or receiving and holding the NeuroTokens (NTK) in all respects and in any relevant jurisdiction.
 
9. No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information provided in this White Paper. No 
such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements, or rules of any jurisdiction.               

10. The regulatory status of tokens and distributed ledger technology is unclear or unsettled in many 
jurisdictions. It is difficult to predict how or whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulation with 
respect to such technology and its applications, including the Neuromation Platform and NeuroTokens (NTK) . It 
is likewise difficult to predict how or whether legislatures or regulatory agencies may implement changes to 
laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the Neuromation 
Platform and NeuroTokens (NTK). Regulatory actions could negatively affect the Neuromation Platform and 
NeuroTokens (NTK) in various ways, including, for purposes of illustration only, through a determination that the 
purchase, sale, and delivery of NeuroTokens (NTK) constitutes unlawful activity or that NeuroTokens (NTK) are a 
regulated instrument that requires registration or the licensing of some or all of the parties involved in the 
purchase, sale, and delivery thereof. The Neuromation Platform may cease operations in a jurisdiction in the 
event that regulatory actions, or changes to laws or regulations, make it illegal to operate in such jurisdiction or 
commercially undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction.
 
11. Given that NeuroTokens (NTK) are based on the Ethereum protocol, any malfunction, breakdown, or 
abandonment of the Ethereum protocol may have a material adverse effect on NeuroTokens (NTK). Moreover, 
advances in cryptography or technical advances, such as the development of quantum computing, could 
present risks to NeuroTokens (NTK) and the Neuromation Platform, including the utility of NeuroTokens (NTK), 
by rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins the Ethereum protocol.
 
12. As with other decentralized cryptographic tokens based on the Ethereum protocol, NeuroTokens (NTK) are 
susceptible to attacks by miners in the course of validating NeuroToken (NTK) transactions on the Ethereum 
blockchain, including, but not limited to, double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, and 
selfish-mining attacks. Any successful attacks present a risk to the Neuromation Platform and NeuroTokens 
(NTK), including, but not limited to, accurate execution and recording of transactions involving NeuroTokens 
(NTK).

 

 

www.neuromation.io



Contents

1. Introduction

2. Neuromation Platform 

3. Neuromation Platform Pillars

a. Neural Networks & Deep Learning

b. Synthetic Data

c. Distributed Computing

d. Machine Learning Models 

4. Domains of Applications

5. Team

6. Neuromation Business Model 

7. Road Map

8. Token Sale

9. Token Economics

www.neuromation.io



Introduction

Introduction

Artificial Intelligence (AI) is seeing another spring and becoming a ubiquitous 
part of society. Researchers and engineers have made important steps towards 
solving practical problems in machine learning, particularly in such applications 
as vision, speech, machine translation, and decision making. 

Due to technological advancements coupled with progress in research and 
innovation, AI is quickly becoming a part of every company’s operations. This 
progress brings its own challenges, such as supply of sufficient talent, 
resources, and data. The most pressing problem is the availability of 
well-labeled data to support the supervised learning process. Even when 
unstructured data is abundant, converting it to a labeled dataset is an extremely 
laborious and costly process. There is a need to address the challenges of 
practical AI adoption wholesale -- on a platform level. Until this is done, most 
businesses will be struggling to adopt AI. Due to the disparity in resources and 
focus among companies, we will continue to see a widening gap between early 
adopters and legacy operators, putting the latter at an extreme strategic 
disadvantage.

Neuromation offers a unique solution that unites market resources, the 
scientific community, and commercial and private entities into an integrated 
marketplace - the Neuromation Platform. To address the most critical issue, 
Neuromation focuses on synthetic datasets that have been proven to yield 
compelling results. Using synthetic datasets in machine learning will further 
decrease the cost of--and will ease--widespread AI adoption.

www.neuromation.io



Introduction

The AI ecosystem is founded on three pillars:

● Datasets – large datasets of structured (or unstructured) data used for deep 
learning algorithms to learn a specific task.

● Computing power – a standalone server or a farm of interconnected GPUs 
designed to provide the necessary framework for training AI models with 
existing datasets to achieve the objective.

● Machine learning models – a set of algorithms designed to process datasets 
in the Neuromation platform environment.

    Each of these domains poses a unique set of challenges for both the supply and 
demand side of the AI ecosystem. Neuromation offers a new and effective 
approach of connecting supply and demand for each of these domains in a 
marketplace, bringing together the competencies of researchers, engineers, and 
designers and connecting them with commercial sector companies.

Introduction

www.neuromation.io

DISTRIBUTED
COMPUTING

POWER

SYNTHETIC
DATA SETS

MACHINE
LEARNING
MODELS



Neuromation Platform

Overview

We are building a critical component of the budding AI ecosystem and plan to 
capitalize on the first-mover advantage: The Neuromation platform provides an 
exchange and ecosystem where participants can either contribute to or purchase 
the components of an AI model.

The Neuromation platform will use distributed computing along with blockchain 
proof-of-work tokens to revolutionize AI model development. It will combine all the 
components necessary to build deep learning solutions with synthetic data in one 
place. Platform service providers, commercial or private, will provide specific 
resources for the execution and development of synthetic datasets, distributed 
computing services, and machine learning models, addressing the “three pillars” 
of AI in the previous slide. Each executed service (dataset generation or model 
computation) or data piece sold (dataset or data generator) is associated with a 
reward, numerated in our currency, the NeuroToken (NTK). The Neuromation 
platform will run based on an auction model that allows customers to negotiate 
prices directly with service providers.

Imagine a place where you can go and easily address all requests to acquire AI 
capability. A vendor will create the data generator for you, then a group of 
Neuromation nodes will use the generator to quickly create a massive virtual 
dataset. You can then select a set of deep learning architectures to train on that 
data. Then another group of Neuromation nodes will do the training in record time!

www.neuromation.io



www.neuromation.iowww.neuromation.io

Neuromation Platform



The Neuromation platform will combine technological and business elements to 
efficiently train large-scale deep learning systems on synthetic data.

Platform user experience is divided into the following categories: 

Synthetic Dataset 
Module:

Machine Learning 
Module:

● Create a data generator

● Order dataset from the 
data generator

● Request data labeling

PROCESSES:

● A repository of datasets 
for deep learning

● A repository of data 
generators

● Datasets (marketplace) 

LIBRARIES:

● Define deep learning 
model

● Import the model (e.g., 
clone TensorFlow code) 

● Order training on 
selected dataset  

● Request a custom 
model from the 
marketplace

PROCESSES:

● A repository of deep 
learning models  
(marketplace)

LIBRARIES:

User Module:

● Purchase NeuroTokens

● Register to use or 
provide processing 
power

● Register to use and 
provide services

● Download and install 
Neuromation node 
software

 

PROCESSES:

● User data 

● User models

LIBRARIES:

Platform Elements Overview 

www.neuromation.io

Neuromation Platform



Neuromation Platform

Platform Elements Overview 

The platform’s backend technology is divided into the following components:

Neuromation Node: Market Module:

● Node analysis (Processing price 
floor — minimum amount in 
NeuroTokens accepted per 
computing unit. Node efficiency 
limit based on 
bandwidth/processing 
power/storage)

● Distributed data generation package

● Distributed learning package

● Node synchronization middleware

● Enables efficient matching of 
buying and selling orders for 
datasets, models, and labeling 
services

● Enables liquidity in the system so 
that prices across the assets are 
conducive to scaling the system

www.neuromation.io



AI Marketplace - Exchange Overview

All value exchange operations on the Neuromation Platform will use NeuroTokens 
(NTK). 

Available services:

Platform Price Setting:

The price for each service will be determined by the aggregate setting of the 
Neuromation nodes (price per unit of computation). Each node will have a minimum 
token price-floor setting. The minimal price floor can also be adjusted dynamically 
via an algorithm that will maximize the total tokens earned for the node. The 
Neuromation platform will determine the resources required for each requested task 
and select the most efficient node pool (minimizing the price for the customer). 
Between nodes “sniffing” out the market and customers hunting for the most 
efficient price, the platform will find equilibrium in supply and demand.

Token Purchase for Clients:

To complete transactions on the Neuromation platform, a client will need to buy 
NeuroTokens (NTK). To simplify the purchase mechanics, Neuromation will provide 
a client portal that will make NeuroToken (NTK) purchases a one-click process.

Buy Data Label Data Buy ModelGenerate  Data Train Model

Neuromation Platform

www.neuromation.io



www.neuromation.io

Neuromation Token Flow 



Platform Pillars

Deep learning employs extremely large artificial neural networks; training such 
networks often requires vast datasets with highly accurate labeling. Collecting 
large datasets of images, text, or sound is easy, but describing and annotating 
data to make it usable has traditionally been challenging and costly. 
Crowdsourcing was applied to the problem of dataset collection and labeling a few 
years ago, employing large numbers of humans to provide much-needed 
annotations and improve label accuracy. It proved slow and expensive and 
introduced human bias. We propose a solution where accuracy is guaranteed by 
construction: large datasets with perfectly accurate labels are synthesized 
artificially.The benefits of synthetic data are manifold. It is fast to synthesize and 
render, perfectly accurate, tailored for the task at hand, and can be modified to 
improve the model and training itself.

Industry is already using synthetic data to some degree, but its utility is limited. 
There is currently no general tool set available to facilitate the use of synthetic 
data on a large scale. The Neuromation platform will change this. 

Neural Networks and Deep Learning

www.neuromation.io



Platform Pillars

Neural Networks and Deep Learning

Ten years ago, machine learning experienced a revolution. Although neural networks 
are one of the oldest paradigms in artificial intelligence, researchers and 
practitioners had been unable to train large-scale deep neural networks reliably and 
efficiently until 2009. Due to new insights from Geoffrey Hinton, Yoshua Bengio, and 
Yann LeCun, neural architectures quickly became state of the art in image 
processing, speech recognition, and natural language processing. This led to 
breakthrough results in machine learning and redefined artificial neural networks as 
deep learning. Today, deep learning is the lingua franca of machine learning, 
spanning domains from biometrics and self-driving cars to playing Go and 
synthesizing speech.

The basic building block of a neural network is the perceptron, a simple 
mathematical model of a neuron first proposed by Frank Rosenblatt in 1957. A 
perceptron computes a weighted sum of its inputs (dendrites in biological neurons), 
whose weights represent model parameters to be learned, followed by a nonlinear 
activation function. The neural network itself is a large composition of perceptrons, 
whose parameters can be jointly optimized using gradient descent computed by 
backpropagation, a technique first proposed in the 1960s and brought to full 
generality in the 1970s.

www.neuromation.io



Platform Pillars

Neural Networks and Deep Learning

The compositional structure of neural networks allows for parallelization in both the 
training and inference of such models. Parallel processing of the networks’ layers 
advanced GPU-based computational paradigms, leading to breakthroughs in 
high-performance computing. Currently, virtually all industrial applications of neural 
networks are trained and run on GPUs, and the next jump in efficiency will involve 
specialized hardware, such as Google’s TPU and other embedded hardware 
platforms.

Even the simplest neural architectures (e.g., a two-layer feedforward network), are 
known to be universal approximators — they have the theoretical ability to 
approximate any given mathematical function. In turn, complex neural networks 
must have sufficient expressive power (capacity). 

When trying to efficiently train deep neural networks with large capacity, one quickly 
arrives at a problem: “Where can we find a lot of well-labeled data?” and “How noisy 
are the labels?”

This problem is solved by the Neuromation platform. 

www.neuromation.io



Platform Pillars

One of the most important problems of modern deep learning is where to get data. 
Common neural architectures are usually intended for supervised learning (training 
to solve a specific classification or a regression problem on a labeled dataset). 
There are techniques for unsupervised learning within the deep learning framework 
(e.g., with stacks of restricted Boltzmann machines and generative adversarial 
networks) and approaches to convert unsupervised feature extraction into a 
supervised problem (via autoencoders). However, fine tuning with supervised 
datasets is still required. A lot of effort in modern deep learning research goes into 
transfer learning (reusing trained models for other tasks on similar data), domain 
adaptation (reusing trained models for similar tasks on datasets with different 
properties), and one-shot learning (using a handful of training samples to learn a 
new class once the network has trained on other classes), but these efforts are still 
far from mainstream.
As for the data, although it is often easy to get a virtually unlimited dataset of 
unlabeled samples (e.g., random photos off the Internet or human speech records), 
it is very laborious and expensive to label such data manually. For the last few years, 
crowdsourcing has been virtually the only way to create and label datasets; it 
employed large numbers of people to correct mistakes and improve accuracy. This 
method proved slow and expensive and introduced human bias. 

Moreover, some data (e.g., per pixel depth values in images) is virtually impossible 
to label by humans (we are not good at absolute depth perception) and 
sophisticated methods and tools are required to obtain the ground truth (accurate 
labels).

An average retail set has 150,000+ items. A deep NN needs thousands of 
labeled photo examples for each item. Doing this by hand would take years. 

Synthetic Data

www.neuromation.io



Platform PillarsPlatform Pillars

Synthetic Data
We propose a solution where perfect label quality is guaranteed by construction: 
large datasets with perfectly accurate labels are synthesized artificially. The benefits 
of synthetic data are manifold:

● once the environment is ready, it is fast and cheap to create as much data as 
needed;

● the data is perfectly accurate and tailor-made for the task at hand, with 
labeling that might be impossible to obtain by hand (for example, an 
illumination map of the environment or depth values);

● it can be modified to improve the model and training in a constant feedback 
loop between the model and the synthetic environment.

In our solution, synthetic data is used for training, and a small validation set is 
comprised of real, manually labeled data. In essence, this makes using synthetic 
data for a transfer learning problem possible: we need to reuse models trained on 
one kind of dataset (synthetic) and apply them on another kind of dataset (actual 
images). Our approach, however, has several important advantages that greatly 
simplify transfer learning in this case. First, the synthetic training dataset is not given 
as part of the problem but rather generated by us - we can and do try to make it 
match real data. 

Second, and even more importantly, the above-mentioned feedback loop between 
the model and the dataset makes it much simpler to perform transfer learning: we 
are able to tune not only the model but also the training set, a luxury seldom 
available to machine learning practitioners.

Data is the new oil. Getting new hand-labeled datasets is like finding new oil 
deposits. Synthetic data is like cheap and ubiquitous synthetic oil. 

www.neuromation.io



Platform Pillars

Synthetic Data
In a current application of this approach, we use state-of-the art object detection 
and image segmentation models to recognize objects on the shelves of a grocery 
store/supermarket. The objects include food items, such as bottles of soft drinks 
(Pepsi/Mirinda), cartons of juice, and packs of potato chips. This specific 
application is particularly interesting for training models on synthetic data. The 
objects themselves are relatively easy to render: a Pepsi bottle makes for a much 
simpler 3D model than a human face does.

Sufficient hand-labeled data is very hard to obtain due to the following reasons:

● large-scale food companies, such as Pepsico, may have thousands of 
different items, and these catalogues change frequently;

● the objective is to be able to recognize these objects in photos of supermarket 
shelves with hundreds of items on each; hand-labeling even one such photo is 
a laborious process, and millions of them are needed; 

● high-quality learning also requires a massive null set — labeled objects that 
are similar to ones being learned but not identical to them; typically, 10x the 
number of objects in the training set is required. 

www.neuromation.io



Platform Pillars

We have trained several different models for object recognition (SSD, YoLo, and 
Fast(er) R-CNN) and object segmentation (SegNet and FCN for segmentation), and 
are currently working on an implementation of Mask R-CNN for instance 
segmentation. All of these models contain a convolutional network that does the 
bulk of feature extraction work from the image and differ in the extra layers on top 
of these features that capture the actual semantics and produce class labels, 
bounding box candidates, segmentation, and other outputs. 

We have already obtained excellent object recognition results on both synthetic test 
sets (which would be expected) and test sets with real photographs (which is 
encouraging and serves as proof of concept).

In further work, we plan to improve synthetic data-generation pipelines with 
machine learning algorithms, leading to a true active learning framework: Synthetic 
data is used to improve a model that is verified on real data. At the same time, the 
learned model improves the synthetic generation pipeline to further benefit learning.

Synthetic Data

www.neuromation.io



Distributed Computing and the Neuromation Economy

The deficiency in computing power required to scale synthetic dataset generation is 
the key impediment for widespread adoption. The Neuromation platform has an 
economically viable proposition to cryptocurrency miners that would attract their 
computing resources and help resolve the problem. 

Background:

Crypto miners are facing pressure from the ever-decreasing efficiency of their proof-of-work 

computations required to mine Ether or other coins. Growing competition, consolidation of miner 

pools, and increasing demand for computing power and resources will soon make it difficult for 

many smaller miners to keep their efforts economically feasible. 

Neuromation economic incentive for miners:
We want miners to have options. In addition to their existing mining software, they 
can load up Neuromation Computation Node. When a Neuromation task is available, 
each node can bid to participate. If a node wins the bid, it will switch computing 
power from mining Ether or another coin to a task on the Neuromation blockchain 
platform. The node will generate synthetic data or train a deep learning model. As a 
reward, the miner will receive our NeuroTokens (NTK). Once the task is complete, the 
Neuromation node will exit and the miner will proceed with mining crypto. Initially, our 
NeuroTokens (NTK) will extend Ether. We plan to migrate to our own blockchain later 
on once the Neuromation platform economy matures. 

Our preliminary estimates indicate that miners will earn up to 3 to 5 times more by 
mining NeuroTokens (NTK) versus cryptocurrency. Miners will not be engaged in 
Neuromation tasks 100% of the time, so mining NeuroTokens (NTK) will be an 
efficiency boost to their existing set up. You can see the difference in effective yield 
below for similarly configured rigs: one running a cryptocurrency mining algorithm 
and one running deep learning/data rendering tasks. 

Type of Computing Yield/Time

Ether Mining $ 7 - 8 USD/Day

Amazon Deep Learning $ 3 - 4 USD/Hour

www.neuromation.io

Platform Pillars



Machine Learning Models

● There are many publicly available models: VGG, GoogLeNet, and ResNet for 
computer vision, Wavenet for audio, and so on.

● They come in a variety of frameworks and libraries: TensorFlow, Caffe, Torch, 
pyTorch, Theano, Keras etc.; converters exist between the frameworks.

● The Neuromation Platform will support all major deep learning and automated 
differentiation frameworks and libraries and provide support for major 
off-the-shelf pretrained model formats.

● Training results will be made available for the user to download.

● Moreover, models can be compressed to speed up response times or allow 
using them on mobile devices. Common model compression tools include:

○ after a (large) model has finished training, many of its layers often prove 
to be superfluous and can be removed, compressing the network by a 
factor of 2-3; this especially applies to very deep computer vision 
networks based on residual connections; this technique is known as 
model distillation;

○ some networks, called mobile nets, are designed from the ground up to 
be small (e.g., SqueezeNet in computer vision).

● Requests for custom models and architectures. If existing models and tools are 
not sufficient for the given applications, customers can request a custom 
model design for a specific problem. This request will be posted to the 
Neuromation Exchange and will be filled by either Neuromation experts or other 
certified suppliers.

www.neuromation.io

Platform Pillars



Our strategy is not to develop our platform in isolation but to work with partners in 
select industries to bring our vision to life organically. We are developing 
“Neuromation Labs” that will develop synthetic data and train deep learning models 
on live applications.  Each “lab” will be a study of a specific problem in partnership 
with a category leader. As our platform is fleshed out, we will move parts of 
generation and training there, allowing us to organically test parts of our vision in 
real-life scenarios. 

Industry collaboration is key to our success.  

The Labs will seed the Neuromation platform market with initial data generators 
and datasets. We will also encourage our Labs partners to provide further services 
through the platform, thus building the initial market. We have already launched two 
Labs and have more in progress. Working off real-world examples allows us to 
generalize similar approaches across industries and incorporate these approaches 
into our platform, making it more powerful with each Lab.  

Neuromation Model Example — classifying merchandise on supermarket shelves

Domains of Application
    

Electricity transformed almost everything 100 years ago. Today, I actually think 
AI is the new electricity [slightly paraphrased] - Andrew Ng

Neuromation Labs

www.neuromation.io



Neuromation has partnered with some of the industry’s leading brands to solve the 
problem of finding consumer goods on store shelves. Using synthetic data of every 
product, we are able to create large, perfectly labeled datasets for hundreds of 
thousands of SKUs in the retail industry. Deep learning vision algorithms trained on 
these massive datasets are able to efficiently analyze and label shelf availability, 
percentage of the shelf, layout accuracy, and other metrics. 

Retail Automation Lab (live)

Our Retail Technology Lab is the first to go live in the field with select partners in 
European, Middle Eastern, North American, and South American markets. Ideally, 
every shelf will feed a constant stream of analytic data to our retail partners. Using 
our synthetic data approach, we are able to retrain analytic models quickly and 
accurately, making AI for retail agile and useful for a multitude of applications. 

Synthetic Data Example — procedurally generated 3D store shelves:

Exponential growth is projected to continue for the store inventory and 
logistics robotics market.

Retail Automation Labs

Domains of Application
    

www.neuromation.io



What is especially fascinating is that in only about a month of working on the 
inventory recognition problem, we have achieved 95%+ accuracy, a result others have 
spent years of effort and millions of dollars on. Notably, the model performs well on 
real-life data without seeing anything but synthetic datasets during training. 
This breakthrough  proves the viability and efficiency of our approach. 
With the Neuromation platform, the gateway to easy AI training at scale will finally be 
opened. 

(Breakthrough) Model taught on synthetic data recognizes real data.

Domains of Application

The potential demand for image recognition alone in the retail industry is enormous. 

It amounts to more than 40 billion images per year, according to ECR research of 72 
of the biggest retailers and suppliers. Going forward, we plan to create datasets that 
mimic human interaction with the shelf. We will be able to track customer flow and 
intent, creating a full simulator of the retail store with a multitude of possible 
applications.

In fact, by 2020, 85% of customer interactions in retail will be managed by 
artificial intelligence, according to Gartner.

Retail Automation lab (live)

www.neuromation.io



Domains of Application

A typical difficulty with industrial environments is the highly dynamic nature of 
performed tasks. Models have to be agile enough to work with dynamic, real-time 
data with high-precision output. This processing is done on the fly (sometimes 
literally — some tasks are performed by flying drones). Real-time datasets cannot be 
built fast enough in a dynamic environment to process and output them in a timely 
manner. The answer to this problem is the Neuromation platform, which can 
procedurally create virtual environments where the models can be trained. Once the 
models are trained in these virtual sandboxes, they can be quickly calibrated on real 
data. As a result, agile hypothesis testing becomes possible.

Neuromation plans to open an Enterprise Automation Lab where the synthetic data 
approach will help implement solutions in a variety of industries, including 
manufacturing, supply chain, financial services, and agriculture. 

Enterprise Automation Labs

www.neuromation.io



There are many interesting targets for the Neuromation approach in 
pharma/medicine/biotech. In general, any problem where construction is easier 
than recognition (output is easy to calculate from input, but the reverse is hard, like 
a hash function in computer science) will yield well to our synthetic data approach. 
We estimate that a substantial amount of hypothesis building in drug discovery and 
biological system dynamics can be handled with deep learning models. To kick off 
this lab, we have partnered with a leading provider of infant monitoring solutions. 

Other Neuromation Labs 

Neuromation plans to open other Labs in partnership with industry. Our strategy is 
to have a partner in every domain.

Pharma/Medical/Biotech 

We will jointly develop a smart camera that will send alerts when the baby has 
switched positions, changed breathing patterns, woken up, etc.

S: 897.5
X:17; Y:256

t01

X: 817; Y:2356

S: 0,113
X:7,4; Y:1

S: 401
X:113; Y:-30

H S: 14X:812; Y:50 S: 15
X:4802; Y:202

t02

www.neuromation.io

Pharma/Medical/Biotech



Team

www.neuromation.io

Max Prasolov
CEO

Fedor Savchenko
CTO

Sergey Nikolenko
Chief Research Officer

Constantine Goltsev
Investor / Chairman

As a long-time entrepreneur, senior manager, and producer for the past 
16 years, Maxim has produced more than 50 animated commercials, 
3D movies, commercial and industrial applications, and computer 
games. He has worked with international retail and industrial brands, 
such as Unilever, Yukos, TPE, Metro Cash & Carry, Severstal Group, 
Ferrexpo, commercial banks, and investment and insurance companies. 
Maxim was a member of the IPO team of Ferrexpo, the largest iron ore 
producer in Ukraine, which was listed on the London Stock Exchange. 
Since 2014, he has been investing in drone development, AI, and 
augmented reality multimedia startups.

Fedor has more than 20 years of experience in leading complex 
software development projects with an emphasis on computer 
graphics, 3D engines, CGI production, and VR environments. He holds 
degrees in both mathematics and graphic design. This unique 
perspective allows him to build software that is both functional and 
beautiful. He is an innovator who is always on the cutting edge of the 
latest trends.

As a researcher at the Steklov Mathematical Institute at St. Petersburg 
in the field of machine learning (deep learning, Bayesian methods, 
natural language processing, and more) and the analysis of algorithms 
(network algorithms and competitive analysis), Sergey has authored 
more than 120 research papers, several books, courses on machine 
learning and “deep learning,” and other publications. He has extensive 
experience with various industrial projects, including Neuromation, 
SolidOpinion, Surfingbird, and the Deloitte Analytics Institute.

A serial entrepreneur and online advertising industry veteran, 
Constantine has more than 20 years of experience in software and 
product development. He is the former CEO and founder of the 
pioneering video advertising network AdoTube, which grew to 200 
employees, selling in 23 markets with 13 offices worldwide. 
AdoTube was subsequently sold to Exponential Interactive. 
Constantine is also a founder and the president of SolidOpinion — 
a company that has innovated engagement in online communities 
around content and commenting.



Team

www.neuromation.io

Esther Katz
 VP Communication

Kyryl Truskovskyi
Lead researcher

Denis Popov
VP of Engineering

Evan Katz
CRO

Evan is a leader in the AI Driven Media Industry. He has worked at 
AnyClip (one of Israels fastest growing companies) and
Taptica (International Media Company listed on UK Stock Exchange). 
He has also founded and owned Multiverse (AI Driven Media Company) 
and Tribal Marketing (Import & distribution of Sunglasses worldwide).
His education includes Business Management & International Trade 
and part of a Mechanical Engineering Degree at Technion Israel.
He is an exceptional Cook, who enjoys riding Motor Cycles,  playing 
Rugby, Expanding Blockchain community in Israel. He is socially very 
aware and volunteered to help mentor young entrepreneurs and did 
extensive fund Raising for young entrepreneurs in South Africa.He is an 
ambitious, determined and goal orientated asset who brings 
enthusiasm, charisma and charm to each and every project making him 
immediately approachable and successful.

Esther is a PR professional with 20 years of activity in major markets 
with a focus on biotech and fintech. She is the former head of Jacob 
Peres Office, a leading PR agency in Israel. Esther is an early 
cryptocurrency adopter and blockchain enthusiast. She lives and works 
in Israel.

Kyryl has over four years of experience in the field of machine learning. 
For the bulk of this time, he has helped build startups from inception. 
He has also developed expertise in selecting and implementing full 
architecture and large-scale solutions. Kyryl has a strong mathematical 
background and a passion for research that has prompted him to 
pursue an academic path. He is currently a PhD student in computer 
science.

 

Denis has over 15 years of software engineering experience and has 
led large technical projects from inception to completion. He has 
served as the CTO, CSA, VP of engineering, and adviser to dozens of 
successful projects and startups. Denis has expertise in the 
management of technical processes and in high-volume 
concurrency, big data storage, and real-time data analysis. He was a 
technical lead at the facial recognition company Viewdle, which was 
acquired by Google.



Advisors

Andrew Rabinovich
Adviser

David Orban
 Adviser

www.neuromation.io

Yuri Kundin
 Adviser

Dave Carlson
Adviser

Andrew is a world-leading scientist in deep learning and computer 
vision research. He has been studying machine learning with an 
emphasis on computer vision for over 15 years. He is the author of 
numerous patents and peer-reviewed publications. He also founded a 
biotechnology startup that was subsequently acquired. Andrew 
received a PhD in computer science from the University of California, 
San Diego in 2008. He has held several leading R&D positions at Google 
and Magic Leap, where he is currently the director of deep learning.

David is the founder and managing partner of Network Society 
Ventures, a seed-stage global investment firm focused on innovative 
ventures at the intersection of exponential technologies and 
decentralized networks. He is an entrepreneur, visionary, guru, author, 
blogger, keynote speaker, and thought leader of the global technology 
landscape. His entrepreneurial accomplishments span several 
companies that were founded and grown over more than twenty years.
David is also the founder and a trustee of Network Society Research, a 
London-based global think tank. 

Yuri Kundin is the director at the KPMG US San Francisco office with a 
specialization in risk and compliance advisory services. He has over 15 
years of experience in advising on regulatory compliance matters to 
address requirements of various US agencies (e.g., the SEC, OCC, and 
FDIC) and the Monetary Authority of Singapore, Hong Kong Monetary 
Authority, and Russian Central Bank. Lately, Yuri has been specializing 
in developing frameworks for risk, compliance, and attestation in 
blockchain, cryptocurrency, and token sale ecosystems.

Dave Carlson is the CEO of the Giga-Watt, one of the largest turnkey 
mining services and custom packages service providers in North 
America. With a longstanding software engineering background and 
successful entrepreneurial track record, Dave is one of the pioneers of 
the mining community. Prior to becoming the CEO of Giga-Watt, he 
served for 4 years as the CEO and founder of MegaBigPower, one of the 
largest single-operator mining facilities in the world.



Business Model

Create data generator

Generate data (10k units)

Model training

Data labeling (1k set)

Data set sales

Model sales

100.00

0.17

0.01

0.88

10.00

100.00

100 000.00

174.22

87.11

871.09

10.00

100.00

20 000

100

50

500

2 000

20 000

weeks

day

days

day

NA

NA

Job on the platform Price ETH Price NeuroToken 
(NTK)

Price USD Time

Create data generator

Generate  (10k units)

Model training

Data labeling (1k set)

Data set sales

Model sales

1000

10 000

100 000

10 000

10 000

1000

100 000.00

1 742.16

1 451.80

8 710.80

100 000.00

100 000.00

100 000 000.00

1 742 160.28

1 451 800.80

8 710 801.39

100 000 000.00

100 000 000.00

20 000 000

1 000 000

5 000 000

5 000 000

20 000 000

20 000 000

Job on the platform
2018

Expected jobs
Vol. ETH Vol. NeuroToken 

(NTK)
Vol. USD

Total 132 000 311 904.76 311 904 760.00 71 000 000

www.neuromation.io

4

1 

0.5 

1 

Revenue Sources - Platform

The Neuromation platform intends to be the premier destination for AI services for 
the world’s businesses. We project around $71 million USD gross in transactions on 
the platform. Depending on the type of service received through the platform, 
Neuromation will take a 5% to 15% commission from each transaction. 

We anticipate that platform usage will grow 3x to 5x a year from 2018 to 2022. We 
project that the Neuromation platform will generate over $100 million in yearly 
revenue from commissions in three years.  

ESTIMATED PLATFORM ACTIVITY BREAKDOWN (*disclaimer)

EXPECTED 2018 PLATFORM ACTIVITY TRANSACTIONS VOLUME (*disclaimer)

* These numbers are estimates and may vary substantially from actual performance. 



Neuromation Business Model

www.neuromation.io

   

Through Neuromation Labs, we partner with industry leaders to spearhead AI 
solutions with them. Neuromation generates revenue by selling API (SaaS) or data 
to the industry partner. 

Examples:

○ Retail Lab 

In our Retail Lab, we have partnered with OSA HP (http://osahp.com/en/) 
and ECR (http://ecr-all.org/?lang=en) to supply a 170,000-item synthetic retail 
dataset for Eastern Europe. The contract involves building deep learning 
models that can recognize the objects on the shelves and be an integral part 
of OSA analytics. The contract potential is over €4.25 million over an 
18-month time frame. Here is an example of the model deployment on a 
mobile device: https://youtu.be/QO1KGwQKoSU 

○ Medical Devices Lab

In our Medical Devices Lab, we have partnered with MonBaby 
(https://monbaby.com/), a leading infant tracking technology provider, to 
create a smart camera to augment their existing offering. The camera will 
track the motion of the child and give caretakers valuable analytics. 
Neuromation will receive a revenue share from each device sold. The revenue 
potential is over €2 million over the next few years. 

○ Other Labs

Several other Labs are slated to open in early 2018. These industry 
partnerships should give Neuromation additional revenue opportunities. 

Our overall expectation is that we will make around 30% of our total revenue 
through Neuromation Labs partnerships. 

  

Revenue Sources — Neuromation Labs 

http://osahp.com/en/
http://ecr-all.org/?lang=en
https://youtu.be/QO1KGwQKoSU
https://monbaby.com/


Neuromation Road Map

Team building 

Seed round completed. Work started

Launch of R&D in Retail Lab to test synthetic data hypothesis

Proof of hypothesis on synthetic data completed. Retail synthetic data 
generator proven. Model development complete (95% of accuracy reached).  
Marketing and first sales to retail clients. Token sale preparation.

Neuromation token sales begin. Neuromation platform v1 launched with 
1,000-GPU capacity deployed. Medical Devices Lab started.

Active sales and marketing of Neuromation platform. NeuroTokens (NTK) are 
tradable on exchanges. Industrial Automation Lab is started.

Neuromation platform v2 launched with 10,000-GPU capacity deployed. 

NeuroToken (NTK) will migrate to its own blockchain. Neuromation platform 
v3 launched with 100,000-GPU capacity deployed.

Beyond 2018, we expect Neuromation to become a definitive destination for 
businesses to develop their AI capability. Our NeuroTokens (NTK) are the primary 
exchange mechanism enabling synthetic data generation, distributed model 
training, data labeling, and other AI services. 

We envision being a global resource pool for synthetic data by providing an 
ever-growing library of datasets for every conceivable use case. As we tie service 
providers into the platform, Neuromation will be an enabling ecosystem for all AI. 

Q4 2016

Q1 2017

Q2 2017

Q3 2017

Q4 2017

Q1 2018

Q2 2018

Q3 2018

www.neuromation.io



Token Sale 

Timing:

www.neuromation.io

Goals:

Retail + Med Devices Labs.
Basic Neuromation Platform.

Large Nauromation Platform
(full distributed data
Generation and computation).
10,000-GPUs pool tied 
To the platform.

Industrial Innovation Labs.
1,000-GPU cluster enabled
on the platform.

Neuromation Fund,
100,000-GPU pool.
World wide adoption.



Token Sale 

Token Sale Proceeds Distribution:

● At least 40% for platform development
 

● Up to 40% for liquidity reserve (prepay for server capacity)

● 10% for PR and marketing of the Neuromation service
 

● 10% to partners/advisers/early backers 

● Presale (register here to find out 

bonus percentage)

● First week 

● Second week 

● Third week 

● 30 Ethers - 1% 

● 50 Ethers - 2.5%

● 100 Ethers - 5%

● 300 Ethers - 8%

VOLUME BONUS (NTK):

Token Sale Bonus Program:

TIMING BONUS:

www.neuromation.io

     Jurisdiction: Estonia. Neuromation is compliant with Estonian crowdfunding laws.

+ 15% in NeuroTokens (NTK)

+ 10% in NeuroTokens (NTK)

+ 5% in Neurotokens (NTK)

60% in the token sale
12% to the team
12% to partners
10% to liquidity reserve
6% to researchers 

Token Details:

● NeuroTokens (NTK) minted: 100,000,000 (will 
not mint more)  

● Total tokens issued in token sale: 60,000,000. 
Neuromation will burn unsold tokens. 

● Token burn: 30% in 2018, 20% in 2019, and 10% 
in 2020.
(Neuromation will burn 50% of the tokens over the 
next 3 years and decrease token supply)

● Price per NeuroToken (NTK) = 0.001 ETH

Token Distribution:

● 500 Ethers - 10%

● 1000 Ethers - 15%

● 2000 Ethers - 20%

● 3000 Ethers - 30%+

https://ico.neuromation.io/en/


Token Economics

Token Emission

Tokens Minted

Available on ICO

Reserve

Volume ETH

1 000 000

700 000

300 000

Volume USD

287 000 000

200 900 000

86 100 000

1 000 000 000

700 000 000

300 000 000

Create data generator

Generate data (10k units)

Model training

Data labeling (1k set)

Data set sales

Model sales

100.00

0.17

0.01

0.88

10.00

100.00

100 000.00

174.22

87.11

871.09

10.00

100.00

20 000

100

50

500

2 000

20 000

weeks

day

days

day

NA

NA

Job on the Platform Price ETH Price NeuroToken 
(NTK)

Price USD Time

Create data generator

Generate data (10k units)

Model training

Data labeling (1k set)

Data set sales

Model sales

1000

10 000

100 000

10 000

10 000

1000

100 000.00

1 742.16

1 451.80

8 710.80

100 000.00

100 000.00

20 000 000

1 000 000

5 000 000

5 000 000

20 000 000

20 000 000

Job on the Platform 2018
Expected jobs

Vol. ETH Vol. NeuroToken
(NTK)

Vol. USD

Total 132 000 311 904.76 71 000 000

Tokens Minted  Available in Token Sale 

                          100 000 000

100 000 ETH

                           60 000 000 (*)

                       60 000  ETH

www.neuromation.io

4

1 

0.5 

1 

Nominal Token Price:

ESTIMATED PLATFORM ACTIVITY BREAKDOWN  (*disclaimer)

PLATFORM 2018 EXPECTED ACTIVITY TRANSACTIONS VOLUME (*disclaimer)

* All tokens in available pool unsold during Token Sale  
will be burned. 

* These are estimates only. Actual performance may differ substantially.

100 000 000.00

1 742 160.28

1 451 800.80

8 710 801.39

100 000 000.00

100 000 000.00

311 904 760.00



www.neuromation.io

Token Economics

% of circulated tokens burned 

Total available

*  Assumes 60,000,000  tokens   

    sold in the Token Sale

10%

50 400 000.00

2018 
NeuroToken 
(NTK) demand

20%

56 000 000.00

30%

70 000 000.00

2019 
NeuroToken 
(NTK) demand
(2018 x 5)

2020 
NeuroToken 
(NTK) demand
(2019 x 3)

4 787 456 445.991 595 818 815.33319 163 763.07

Demand 
for tokens 
is 30x the supply 

Demand
for tokens 
is 90x the supply 

With our token burning policy, NeuroToken (NTK) demand on the Neuromation platform 

is expected to be 90 times the available token supply by the end of 2020. 

 (*disclaimer)

* These numbers are estimates only and may vary substantially from actual performance. 

Demand 
for tokens 
is 4x the supply

NeuroToken demand


