











































 

NITRO PARTICIPATE CONNECT GROW 
Blockchain to democratise the utility of video-games economy  

Featuring the first cryptocurrency economy in the world backed by a publicly listed 

company 

10 October 2017 
ver 2.2 



Important Notice. 
 
Legal Jurisdiction 
The Nitro project is an online consortium that involves the creation of an electronic 
marketplace (“Nitro Marketplace”) and the issuance of a new Ethereum-based cryptocurrency 
called NOX (or “NOX Token”). NOX is being developed by Nitro Interactive Limited, a private 
limited company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The crowdsale of NOX Tokens and 
its subsequent funding-related operation are managed by Nitro Interactive Limited in 
compliance with the requirements of the British Virgin Islands Securities And Investment 
Business Act 2010. The Nitro project is supported by iCandy Ventures Ltd, which will be 
publishing all the video-games funded by the Nitro project. iCandy Ventures Ltd is a subsidiary 
of Australia-incorporated and Australia Securities Exchange (ASX)-listed iCandy Interactive 
Limited. Purchasers may only purchase the NOX Tokens using Ethereum or Bitcoin. 
 
Forward-Looking Statement 
This document contains forward-looking statements and information, and words such as 
“will”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “expects”, “estimates” and words of similar meaning are 
generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 
are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause actual 
results and outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-
looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of this document. 
 
Accuracy of Information 
While the Information contained herein has been prepared in good faith, neither Nitro 
Interactive Limited nor any of its representatives, directors, officers, agents, or advisers give, 
have given or have authority to give, any representation or warranties (express or implied) as 
to, or in relation to, the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the information contained 
within this document, and liability therefore is expressly disclaimed.  
 
Document Version Control 
This version of this document supersedes all previous versions. Reader should always check 
on website www.nitro.live to ensure the document he or she is reading is the current latest 
version. The version and date of publication of this document is stated on the first page of this 
document.  
 
For U.S.-based residents interested in purchasing the NOX Token 
Nitro has not taken and will not take any action to allow the offering of NOX Tokens in 
accordance with the securities law in the United States of America (“United States”). No offer 
of NOX Token may be offered, subscribed, sold or transferred, directly or indirectly, in or to 
the United States and to citizens and residents of the United States except for in accordance 
with the applicable exemptions set forth in the registrations requirements in the United States 
Securities Act 1933. The offering of NOX Tokens under this document has not been approved 
or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or any state 
securities commission nor has the SEC or any state securities commission passed upon the 
accuracy or adequacy of this document. 
 
For residents outside of the U.S. interested in purchasing the NOX Token 
The distribution of this document may be restricted in certain jurisdictions (each, a “Restricted 
Jurisdiction”) and residents in such Restricted Jurisdictions where participation would require 
additional prospectus, registration or measures should seek professional advice in their 
Respective Restricted Jurisdictions.  

http://www.nitro.live/


 
This document may consequently not be distributed in or to Restricted Jurisdictions, or 
countries where distribution of the document may be illegal. Recipients of this document are 
required to inform themselves about, and comply with, such restrictions or illegality. Any 
failure to comply with the restrictions may result in violation of applicable securities 
regulations. Nitro Interactive Limited takes no responsibility for the failure to comply with 
applicable local securities laws and regulations.  
 
In particular, persons in Australia, Singapore or Japan should take note that: 

a) No offer of the NOX tokens is being made to or directed at any person in Australia, 
Singapore or Japan, whether electronically or otherwise. 

b) The NOX Tokens can only be purchased by persons outside Australia, Singapore and 
Japan. 

c) This document has not been and is not to be published in any publication circulating 
widely in Singapore or Japan, or on any website or domain name ending with “.au” 
“.sg” or “.jp”. Any such publication is unauthorised and contrary to the terms of this 
crowd-sale of the NOX Tokens. Anyone noticing such publication in Australia, 
Singapore or Japan or on such websites should contact the Nitro support team for it 
to take the necessary corrective action. 

 
This document (and any other document or material issued in connection with the crowd-sale 
of the NOX Tokens) is not a prospectus as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 
289 of Singapore), and accordingly, has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”). Prospective purchasers of the NOX Tokens should 
also note that this crowdsale of NOX Tokens has not been authorised or recognised by the 
MAS and the NOX Tokens are not to be sold to the retail public. 
 
Further, this document is not a Prospectus or Product Disclosure Statement as defined in the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), Australia, and has not been registered with the Australian 
Securities and Investments Commission nor has the sale of NOX Tokens been authorised by 
ASIC and NOX Tokens are expressly not made available or offered in any way to retail investors 
within Australia. 
 
This document and any other document or material issued in connection with the crowd-sale 
of the NOX Tokens are solely for the confidential use of those specific persons to whom it is 
made available, and may not be reproduced, provided to others, or used for any other 
purpose without the prior written permission of Nitro Interactive Ltd. Each potential 
purchaser, by accepting delivery of, or accessing and reading, this document, agrees not to 
make a photocopy or other copy or to divulge the contents hereof to any other person. 
 
Citizens and residents of the People’s Republic of China are excluded from participating in 
this crowd-sale of NOX Tokens 
 
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTION OR DOUBT ABOUT NITRO OR NOX UNADDRESSED IN THIS 
DOCUMENT YOU SHOULD COMMUNICATE WITH A MEMBER OF THE NITRO TEAM OR SEEK 
PROFESSIONAL ADVICE. YOU SHALL REFRAIN FROM SUPPORTING THE TOKEN SALE OF NOX 
UNTIL YOU ARE SATISFIED WITH THE ANSWERS PROVIDED. 
 



Risk Factors 
 
In considering participation in this crowdsale of NOX Tokens, a prospective purchaser should 
be aware of certain risk factors. This section sets out several of such risk factors (“Risk 
Factors”). It should be noted that such Risk Factors do not purport to be comprehensive or 
exhaustive, and prospective purchasers of the NOX Tokens should consider seeking 
independent professional advice prior to participating in the crowd-sale. 
 
Nature of NOX Token  
 
The NOX Token is not a traditional security, such as a share or debenture. Purchasers of NOX 
Tokens do not acquire any equity or security interest, in, or a debt owed by a corporate entity, 
and do not enjoy the rights normally associated with such securities. Nonetheless, as 
purchasers may be able to share in the revenues derived from the Nitro Marketplace, and be 
able to vote on funding proposals, the NOX Tokens may be regarded as securities for the 
purposes of securities laws in certain jurisdictions.  
 
Liquidity and Tax Risk 
 
Payment for the NOX Tokens will be made through ETH, and revenues shared will also be in 
the form of ETH or additional NOX Tokens. Both ETH and NOX Tokens may not be freely 
convertible into fiat currency and may be subject to fluctuations in value. The value of the 
NOX Tokens may decline substantially after purchase. Purchasers of the NOX Tokens may not 
be able to sell or otherwise dispose of their NOX Tokens. Purchasers of the NOX Tokens who 
share in the revenues of the Nitro Marketplace or Nitro platform may be subject to tax in the 
jurisdiction in which they are domiciled or residing. 
 
Legal Risk 
 
Residents of certain jurisdictions may not be permitted to participate in the sale and purchase 
of crypto-currencies or digital tokens, and such participation may be illegal in such 
jurisdictions. New or revised legislation, regulations, guidelines and directives may be 
introduced in the jurisdiction of the purchasers of the NOX Tokens or which may affect the 
Nitro Marketplace or other platforms in which the NOX Tokens are used.  
 
Regulatory Risk 
 
It is possible that regulators from the jurisdictions in which a purchaser of NOX Tokens resides 
may, after the sale and purchase of the NOX Tokens, conduct investigations and take 
regulatory action in respect of such sale and purchase, or prohibit the secondary sale and 
purchase of the NOX Tokens. As noted under “Nature of NOX Token”, the NOX Tokens may 
be classified as a security subject to securities laws, and be regulated accordingly. 
 
Key Personnel Risk 
 
The success of the NOX Tokens is dependent on the continued service and performance of 
several key personal, referred to as the Nitro Team in this document, driving the Nitro 
Marketplace or related Nitro projects.  
 



Executive Summary 
 
 
The video-games industry is booming. The industry generated over US$100 billion in 
revenue in 2016, with experts predicting a growth of 30% over the next 5 years, 
showing tremendous potential in this sector.  
 

However, the structural problems currently present in the video-games industry 
impose limits to the video-games community over the course of this growth. One 
pertinent issue is the presence of an imperfect economy within the video-games 
industry - a market that is currently controlled by oligopolistic large corporate actors. 
Another issue is the presence of imperfect information between these actors, which 
inevitably prevent the most socially beneficial outcomes from taking place within the 
sector. The lack of access to funding for new Promising Game Studios also poses a 
significant problem to this industry as well. 
 

Enter Nitro; an independent, blockchain-based online collaboration platform, which 
seeks to allow participation in the video-games economy, to connect various 
stakeholders, and to achieve growth for the overall Nitro network. 
 

Using a new blockchain cryptocurrency called NOX, this economic platform will bridge 
the problems currently plaguing the various actors in the video-games industry, and 
through the process, bring about massive benefits to the global video-games 
community. Most importantly, we seek to democratise the economy of the video-
games industry, creating a holistic community by bringing all the stakeholders onto an 
integrated platform.  
 

By purchasing NOX, NOX holders will be able to participate in the economy of  the 
video-games industry. Nitro will fund games voted in by NOX holders on the platform. 
Promising Game Studios will have access to much needed funding and will be able to 
connect with gamers earlier on in the development cycle. This will greatly improve the 
quality and variety of games produced. On the side of the gamers, they will be able to 
use the token as in-game currency to purchase games or in-game items. Gamers may 
also be eligible for incentives, in the form of NOX tokens given out by game studios, 
for performing actions such as trying out new games, participating in game 
tournaments etc. We believe gamers are well positioned to be among the most prolific 
early adopters of cryptocurrencies. 
 
Revenue-share from funded game titles will be kept in a Vault and NOX Holders will 
be incentivized with rewards distributed from Nitro’s Vault from time to time, as a 
form of reward for their participation in growing the network. 
 

This is among the first in the world, with NOX being the pioneering blockchain-based 
cryptocurrency token to be backed by a publicly listed company, iCandy Interactive 
Limited (ASX: ICI). 
 

We believe that Nitro will disrupt the playing field, acting as a mean to connect and 
grow the video-games industry in a manner that is equitable for all parties. 



Content Page 
 
 
 
01   Overview 

1.1   Industry Players and Dynamics 
02   Target Audience 

2.1   General Population 
2.1   Lack of Participation Opportunities 

2.2   Promising Game Studios 
2.2.1   The Problems for Promising Game Studios 

2.2.1A   Funding or Lack Thereof 
2.2.1B   The Problem of Imperfect Information 

 2.3   The Potential of Promising Game Studios 
03   Solution - Nitro, an Alternative Platform 

3.1   Vision 
3.2   Dynamics of the Nitro Platform 
3.3   Nitro’s Core Features 

3.3.1   Participate 
3.3.2   Connect 
 3.3.2A   Utility of NOX as in-game Currency 
3.3.3   Grow 

04   NOX Token Overview 
 4.1   What is NOX 
 4.2   What is NOX’s Usage 
 4.3   What does NOX not represent 
05   Benefits to Parties using the Nitro Platform & NOX 
06   Corporate Overview 

6.1   Corporate Structure 
6.2   Roles and Responsibilities 
6.3   About iCandy Interactive  
6.4   Shareholders of iCandy interactive 
6.5   Accolades of iCandy Interactive 

07   People  
7.1   Nitro Team 
7.2   Advisors 

08   Crowdsale Overview 
8.1   Key Details and Dates 
8.2   Offer Format 
8.3   Use of Proceeds 
8.4   Responsibility and Performance 
8.5   Nitro’s Roadmap 

 

 



01   Overview 
 
 
 
US$101.1 billion. This was the total revenue for the global video-games industry in 
20161 - a sum that is almost nine times the revenue of Hollywood2, and close to three 
times the size of the entire movie industry3 globally. And this revenue is poised to rise 
further with an estimated growth rate of close to 30% over the next 5 years, with 
projected industry revenue reaching $128.5 billion by the end of 2020.4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Adapted from: Newzoo Global Games Market Report 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
Yet, what is most exciting is that the most dynamic growth is actually happening in our 
very own backyard: Asia. In 2017 alone, 1.14 billion gamers in the region are set to 
generate $51.2 billion for the industry, an impressive growth rate of 9.2% from the 
prior year.5  

                                                        
1  https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach-108-9-billion-in-2017-
with-mobile-taking-42/ 
2  http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/2016-box-office-record-year-crosses-11-billion-959300 
3  http://www.latimes.com/business/hollywood/la-fi-ct-mpaa-box-office-20170322-story.html 
4  https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach-108-9-billion-in-2017-
with-mobile-taking-42/ 
5  https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach-108-9-billion-in-2017-
with-mobile-taking-42/ 

8 

91 

38.6 

11 

0 

10 

20 

30 

40 

50 

60 

70 

80 

90 

100 

Games Industry Movie Industry Hollywood 

2016 Revenue (in Billion USD) 

Video Games make close to 
9x more than Hollywood 

And close to 3x the entir e movie industry 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Adapted from: Newzoo Global Games Market Report 2017 
 
 
Most incredibly, these numbers comprise nearly 50% of the entire video-games 
industry revenue stream, and come 2020, the fastest-growing region in the coming 
years will be Rest of Asia (excluding China, Japan, and Korea), with total game 
revenues more than doubling to $10.5 billion, up from $4.5 billion in 2016.6 
 
 

1.1   Industry Players and Dynamics 
 
 
Given this increasingly high demand for games, one might wonder: who are the ones 
supplying them? Generally, game producers are split into 3 categories: Hobbyists, 
Large Corporates, as well as a group of segmented or early-stage game developers - 
firms which we term as Promising Game Studios (“PGS”). These players are 
distinguished by their scale of production, but are also differentiated by the 
commerciality of their games as well.  
 
Hobbyists tend to produce aspects of games that are noncommercial in nature, 
focusing on producing mods for existing games out in the market.  
 

Large Corporates, such as Blizzard or King Digital, typically comprise of a network of 
studios that develop games backed by its own established production and funding 
system. This, while efficient, may inevitably give a commercial feel towards titles 
produced by such developers. These are the ones that seemingly dominate industry 
revenue. 
 

Promising Game Studios, however, are placed in the middle of the spectrum. While 
they do not possess the scale of big companies, they are arguably charged with a mix 
of creative and commercial potentials that are surprisingly popular in the current 
                                                        
6  https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach-108-9-billion-in-2017-
with-mobile-taking-42/ 

9 

Games Industry especially 
booming in Asia 

Asia is expected to be the fastest-gr owing region 

in the world in the coming ye ars 

1.14B gamers across Asia expected to generate 

USD$51.2B in 2017, with a 9.2% YoY growth rate 



market; a market that has been criticised as “oversaturated” due to the numbers of 
“indistinguishable games” flooding the market.  
 

Currently, the video-games industry is dominated by a handful of Large Corporates. In 
2015, $69.6 billion of the $91.8 billion global games market (or 75.8%) was generated 
by almost 70 public companies worldwide.7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

Source: AListDaily, Newzoo 
 
 
What is worrying is that this oligopolistic trend is intensifying rapidly; in 2016, the top 
10 video-games companies accounted for an immense 54% of the global game market 
revenue, up from 43% the prior year. If this continues, there will be less and less 
diversity in the industry. 
 
  

                                                        
7 https://newzoo.com/insights/trend-reports/asian-games-market-sizing-opportunities/ 

15 

Top 10 game companies make up 
54% of the revenue, up from 43% 
in 2015 

12.9 
16.4 15.6 16.7 16.7 

29.2 

32.2 

37.1 

43.3 

53.7 

0 

10 

20 

30 

40 

50 

60 

70 

80 

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 

Revenues of  The Current Top 25 Companies 
by Game Revenues, USD Billions (2012-2016) 

42.0 

48.6 

52.7 

60.0 

70.4 

Top 10 game companies Others 



02   Target Audience 
 
 

2.1   General Population 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

2.1.1   Problems: Lack of Participation Opportunities 
 
While gamers help to generate over US$100 billion a year in revenue for the video-
games industry, there are no easy ways for the average man or woman on the street 
to benefit or participate in the growth of the economy, beyond the purchasing of 
games.  
 

One way to participate in the industry is through the traditional method of stock 
ownership. However, there is a limited number of such companies to invest in. 
Furthermore, many promising early-stage video-games companies do not have 
resources to qualify for publicly traded capital markets, and hence unable to receive 
investments in the public market. These severely limit the ability for the average 
person to invest in the industry. 
 

Another way of participating in the economy could be through angel investments in 
private firms. However, such an option is seen to be highly illiquid, and this liquidity 
risk will not sit well with the average person. 
 

Shifting away from the private-public investment dichotomy, one other problem that 
deters the average person from investing in the industry is the problem of 
geographical limitations. It is often difficult for cross-border investments into private 
or even public companies, due largely to the different securities and investment 
regulations governing these different territories. This could make an otherwise 
lucrative investment unviable due to the logistical hurdles in such investments.  
 

No access for 

average investors to 

easily invest in the 

lucrative video-

games industry 

directly 

12 

There is no easy way to participate and 
benefit from the video-games economy 

Limited quantity of  companies 

Only a handful of  video-games 

companies are publicly traded 

Mostly private companies 

Many promising early-stage video-games 

companies do not have r esources to 

qualify for publicly traded capital markets 

Concentration risk 

A typical video-games company 

tends to focus on a par ticular genre  

Geographical Limitation 

Not easy to invest cross-border into both 

public or private video-games companies 

Liquidity issue 

Even if investors have the means to make 

angel investments, their assets are illiquid 

as these companies ar e mostly private 

Selection and diversifica tion 

Not easy to pick and configure a 

diversified por tfolio of investments into the 

industry (golden rule of  investment) 



Additionally, video-game companies also have a concentration risk by virtue of their 
niche focus in game genres. Each video-game company tends to focus on one or two 
genres in its video-game production, making the feasibility of its business susceptible 
to the whims of gamer tastes, which change with the seasons. This risk may be hard 
for the average person to negotiate when deciding on their investments into a video-
game company. 
 

Given the limited stock ownership opportunities available, it makes it near impossible 
for an average person to pick and configure a diversified portfolio of investments 
within the video-games industry, which is the golden rule of investments. It is no 
surprise then that for a conflux of the above reasons, an average person will not be 
able to benefit from the growth of the video-games industry. 
 
 

2.2   Promising Game Studios (PGS) 
 
Existing Problems for Promising Game Studios 
 
While there are indeed many commercially successful studios in this sector, most of 
them tend to be clustered in Europe or North America, by virtue of a more developed 
eco-system to market and fund titles. The games ecosystem outside of these regions 
appears to be relatively stunted, creating great problems for early-stage studios. 
 

Even though the video-game consumer market is seen to be thriving, a multitude of 
factors including the general inaccessibility to funding prevents Promising Game 
Studios from fully exploiting this growing market. 
 
 
 



2.2.1A   Funding or Lack Thereof 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Barriers to Traditional Funding Methods 
 
The increasing market size has created prime conditions for investment within the 
sector. Yet, access to public funds is often limited for smaller and early-stage firms. 
Only a handful of firms of considerable size are able to access funds through public 
listing, with Promising Game Studios often lacking the resources to qualify for publicly 
traded capital markets.  
 
And while funds could be sought from institutional investors, of which there is no 
shortage of, these funds are more often placed in larger companies, who would have 
an established track record of successful titles, simply out of a need to balance risk 
and commercial viability. Access to funds, at least through the capital markets, or 
through institutional means, is thus limited for these early-stage video-games 
companies.  
 
Current Funding Options for Promising Game Studios 
 
While other funding options are available within the industry, these options have 
significant issues, which limit their utility for Promising Game Studios. One option 
includes approaching publishers in the industry. However, due to the need to maintain 
a balance between risk and commercial viability, such publishers tend to shun niche 
games, which inevitably affect the diversity of the video-games industry.  
 
Other options include applying for funding from independent funds within the sector 
- such as the Indie Fund - but such funds are often limited, and hence are only available 
to fund a few selected titles within the industry. 
 

13 

And it’s also hard for Promising Game 
Companies to raise funds 

No easy way 

to participate 

in growth 

via Traditional Crowdfunding Campaigns 
The crowd does not have e xpertise to ascertain viability of  projects and skills of  team. 

via Private funding  
Difficult to attract funding due to lit tle or no track 
records of promising game studios, necessary to 
assess the ability of  the team 

via Public listing  
Only a handful of  video-games companies ar e 
publicly traded. Promising game studios have 
difficulties accessing the public mark et 



Crowdfunding remains a viable option for early stage studios to receive funding pre-
game development, but there are limited platforms to facilitate this process in the 
current market. Some of the more popular platforms include Kickstarter and 
Indiegogo, but such platforms are not specific to the game industry, and hence have 
limited usability.  
 
The many problems associated with the current funding options thus limits the 
success of Promising Game Studios, preventing them from fully exploiting the vast 
potential of the growing video-games industry.  

 
 
2.2.1B   The Problem of Imperfect Information 
 
Apart from funding, the main reason for this boils down to imperfect information flow; 
which is a problem caused not by a lack of will, but a lack of opportunity.  
 

Promising Game Studios would like to incentivise gamers to play new games that have 
been launched, but current means of communicating (either through ad platforms or 
app stores) make it difficult to reach out to gamers directly. Communication is only 
possible through forums and/or social media platforms. 
 

Promising Game Studios too would like to receive feedback (via playtests or other 
types of tests e.g. polls) from these gamers, such that they can create games that can 
be well-received. However, it is typically difficult to gather a large enough community 
of representative gamers for feedback to be meaningful, with this problem being more 
pronounced for Promising Game Studios due to their lack of resources. 
 

However, there is no common platform for either party to reach out to the other, 
resulting in this problem of a hit-and-miss in the games produced by promising game 
studios. 
 

On top of this, imperfect information exists amongst the other parties involved in the 
process of video-games production. Financiers - an important driver of the video-
games industry - arguably have difficulty assessing gamer sentiments for the different 
genres of games available in the market.  
 

Given that tastes and preferences often change, financiers will have significant 
difficulty in determining which games to invest in, therein making investment within 
this lucrative industry a risky option. Even if financiers want to invest in early-stage 
studios - an option that is currently shunned due to its high risks - they often do not 
have an easy way to reach out to them. The lack of connection between the two 
parties creates significant problems in the industry. 
 

Publishers are also required in the video-games industry, helping to roll out the games 
for the market after its production. This process requires a two-pronged approach, 
with a need to garner strong content for the market, as well as to reach out to 
potential audiences. However, given that there exists significant imperfect 
information between publishers and promising game studios - which are often elusive 



due to their smaller scale of operations - publishers will have difficulties reaching out 
to this group, resulting in a less diverse portfolio. Yet on the other hand, publishers 
are also facing increasing costs in connecting with audiences, hence creating 
significant problems for them, problems that will only amplify in the future.  
 
 



 
  

17 

Imperfect and Inefficient Connections Of the industry  

GAMERS 
 

• Like to back/suppor t games and studios tha t they 
believe in 

• Like to be involved in game development & 

engage in feedback /  suggestions 
 

But no easy means of connecting with Game Producers 

GAME STUDIOS 
 

• Required to work with publishers /  pla tforms  
 

• Prefer to reach out to gamers dir ectly  
to receive constant feedback on games 

 

But have difficulties reaching out to and connecting with gamers 

FINANCIERS 
 

• Require validation of concepts/producers 
• Require transparency & efficiency of  capital usage 

• Like to understand Gamers’ sentiments 
 

But no easy way to reach out to Gamers and other industry stak eholders 

PUBLISHERS /  PLATFORMS 
 

• Well resourced and run by large corporation 
• Require efficiency of  spend to reach out to audiences 

• Charging a high fee for services because of  inefficiencies 
 

But are faced with the incr easing cost of  connecting with audiences 



2.3   The Potential of Promising Game Studios (PGS) 
 
Even though barriers and challenges exist in the industry, there is still a lot of potential 
for small game studios to flourish in this nascent market space. Various hits such as 
Subway Surfers (revenue of USD 20 million; 2nd only to Pokémon Go in 2016 mobile 
game downloads8) or even the relatively simple game 1010! (revenue of USD 5 million) 
have been published by such studios, demonstrating strong market potential for 
games produced by small and promising studios.  
 
These successes, especially for mobile games, have been spurred on by dedicated 
Indie game sections on Google Play (for Android devices) and the App Store (for iOS 
devices), providing a visibility boost for such games to all smartphone users. 
 
This is also true for the desktop, where game platforms such as Steam also have a 
curated section for indie games. Many of these desktop games such as “Don’t Starve” 
(rated 10/109) and MineCraft (eventually bought over by Microsoft for $2.5 billion10) 
have successfully held their own against similar titles from bigger game developers.  
 
However, unless access to funding for these Promising Game Studios catches up to 
their market potential, these successes will continue to be few and far between, which 
is a disappointment, considering how some funding could go a long way for these 
Promising Game Studios. The problem of imperfect information is also pertinent in 
the industry, creating less than optimal outcomes for many of the key stakeholders in 
this industry. Given the inaccessibility of funding and information within the video-
games industry, we believe that there needs to be a solution soon before the problems 
become ingrained in the industry. 
 
  

                                                        
8  https://www.phonearena.com/news/These-are-the-most-popular-mobile-games-of-2016_id90213 
9  http://store.steampowered.com/app/219740/Dont_Starve/ 
10  http://money.cnn.com/2014/09/15/technology/minecraft-microsoft/index.html 



 
 
 
  

23 

The conditions exist for industry disruption 

Promising Game Studios 
has great potential to 

make money but find it 

hard to access funding  

Average people can’t easily 
participate and benefit 

despite the industry boom 

Video-Games Market  

is booming globally 



03   Solution: Nitro, an Alternative Platform 
 
 
Noting the significant limitations of the current funding options present in the video-
games industry, a new blockchain-based platform is being introduced as an alternative 
to the current options. 
 

This would be the first blockchain-based cryptocurrency ecosystem to be backed by a 
publicly traded company - iCandy Interactive Limited (ASX: ICI), a mobile game studio 
group publicly listed on the Australian Securities Exchange. It has already attracted the 
attention of the industry, and is currently backed by both game industry veterans and 
venture investment professionals. 
 

The platform - Nitro – harnessing the power of blockchain technology and 
cryptocurrency, will empower token-holders globally to benefit from the video game 
economy via: 
 

1. Participating in selection and funding of promising games curated by experts 
2. Engaging with game producers, marketers, publishers and financiers in the 

games marketplace and exchanging tokens for in-game items/currency or 
other benefits. 

3. Potentially receiving rewards from the success of the games funded by the 
Nitro network. 

 
 

3.1   Vision 
 
What is envisioned, is that the new platform will fix what we see as fundamental 
problems within the industry. These problems, as mentioned in the earlier sections, 
refer to the difficulty of the layman in participating in the video-games economy, the 
lack of diversity caused by the presence of large oligopolistic market in the industry 
and the communication inefficiencies that exist between all gamers and game 
producers. 
 
On the macro-level, Nitro seeks to connect what we see as a fragmented and 
disconnected value chain, envisioning a holistic platform which brings together 
developers, marketplaces, publishers, and gamers, in order to solve the problem of 
participation and information flow between these various players for the overall 
benefit of the industry.  
 

3.2 Dynamics of the Nitro Platform 
 
The initial coin offering will feature the minting of a new currency based on the 
Ethereum platform. This currency, or NOX, will be the centrepiece of all activities that 
are carried out on the Nitro platform. The dynamics and the process flow of activities 
carried out on the platform are summarized below: 
 



Issuance: Nitro will issue NOX: A blockchain-based token that is the centrepiece of 
Nitro activities, to be used on the Nitro platform. 
 

Curation: Nitro Team will curate Promising Game Studios (PGS) and submit video-
game funding proposals to the Nitro platform  
 

Voting: NOX holders can vote on their favourite games, and if sufficient votes are 
received, the proposed video game will undergo a funding process. 
 

Funding: Funding will be received in Fiat currency or Ether, which would be used by 
the video-game studios to develop and market their games. This funding will be 
provided by Nitro. 
 

Post-Funding: Funded games will subsequently share its revenue with Nitro. A portion 
of this sum returned to the pool for funding new video games, in order to ensure the 
sustainability of the ecosystem. The remainder will be held in a Vault, which could be 
distributed to NOX holders, from time to time, as a form of reward for participating in 
the platform and to encourage the adoption of NOX. 
 

Exchangeable to In-Game Sub-token: Upon launching of the Nitro marketplace, NOX 
holders will be able to exchange NOX for sub-token called Nitro Dollar or NOD which 
is pegged to US Dollar (1 NOD to 1 USD), NOD will be used for in-game credits and 
items. All the games on Nitro Marketplace will use NOD as an in-game currency. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



3.3   Nitro’s Core Features 
 

 
The features of the Nitro platform revolve 
around our vision to encourage participation 
in the video-game economy, to connect 
various stakeholders, and to achieve growth 
for the overall Nitro network. 
 

3.3.1   Participate 
 
Various parties will participate extensively to 
ensure the success of the Nitro platform.  
 

The Nitro Team will curate the Promising 
Game Studios (PGS) globally, with the team 
being formed from within our strong 
partners’ network. These include iCandy 
Interactive (Southeast Asia, Australia) and 
Global Mobile Game Confederation (China, 
Europe).  
 

An evaluation process will be done, in order 
to select the most promising game titles 
proposed by the PGSs. These curated video 
games would then be presented to all NOX 
Holders for voting. 
 

Nitro will fund the successful game titles with 
the proceeds of the crowdsale of NOX. 

 

Funded games will subsequently share 20-30% of its revenue (over a 5 year period, 
payable every 3 months) with Nitro, part of which (40% of proceeds) would be 
returned to the pool to fund new games by Nitro. The remainder (60% of proceeds) 
will be held in a Vault by the Nitro team. This amount may then be redistributed back 
to NOX holders from time to time, as rewards in appreciation for participating in the 
Nitro platform, and also to encourage the adoption of NOX.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

29 

Fund 

Vote 
 

Curates Promising Game 
Studios and game-titles 

30% until 3x principal is r eceived, 
then 20% until 5 ye ars is over 

40% 
To replenish 

funding for games 

60% to be held in in Vault (in 
ETH). May be distributed as 
rewards to NOX holders from 
time to time as rewards 

Gamers 

In-Game 
Purchases /  Ad 

Revenue 

PARTICIPATE CONNECT GROW 

Interact direct with 
Industry Stakeholders 

Feedback /  engagement 

Buy + Sell Items/points 

Discover + play games 

Revenue Share 

Vault 	

NITRO  

MARKETPLACE 

NITRO  
ECONOMY 

Transactions 

Transactions 
Purchase 

NOX 

 



3.3.2   Connect 
 
As the Nitro marketplace is powered by 
the underlying NOX’s Ethereum 
blockchain network, there is a strong 
potential for it to be an open economy, 
divested of the oligopolistic 
characteristics that pervade the current 
market.  
 
The blockchain network enables direct 
and transparent communication and 
transactions to occur, connecting all 
stakeholders of the industry, be it 
gamers, game-studios, publishers or 
promoters. 
 
With this, gamers can now discover and 
play games on the Nitro Marketplace, 
while publishers and producers can 
interact and receive real time 
information and feedback from the 
gamers themselves. All industry 
stakeholders will be able to benefit from 
the transparency and efficiency in 
transactions and flow of information, 
through the NOX token.  

 
 
3.3.2A   Utility of NOX as an In-Game Currency 
 
The other great potential lies in the ability to use NOX in games. NOX can be 
exchangeable to sub-token NITRO Dollar (NOD), a form of In-Game currency for 
gamers using the Nitro Marketplace. This Nitro Marketplace will have a published 
Nitro SDK, in order to allow all stakeholders to easily connect to it, and to use NOD as 
the de-facto currency to transact. NOD will be pegged to US Dollar at the rate of 1 
NOD to 1 USD. The Nitro Marketplace will have spot rate that allows conversion of 
NOX to NOD easily according to the prevailing exchange rate of NOX to NOD. 
 

What is envisioned is that games, which are not funded by Nitro, will also have the 
ability to accept NOD as a payment option for in-game items. This will first be rolled 
out to games under the iCandy Interactive group, with established developers such as 
Inzen Studio and Appxplore taking the lead in implementing the payment system for 
their games, before other video game studios jump onto the system after it is tried 
and tested. By making NOD ubiquitous among users, it will inevitably help to increase 
the utility value of NOX as well. 
 

29 

Fund 

Vote 
 

Curates Promising Game 
Studios and game-titles 

30% until 3x principal is r eceived, 
then 20% until 5 ye ars is over 

40% 
To replenish 

funding for games 

60% to be held in in Vault (in 
ETH). May be distributed as 
rewards to NOX holders from 
time to time as rewards 

Gamers 

In-Game 
Purchases /  Ad 

Revenue 

PARTICIPATE CONNECT GROW 

Interact direct with 
Industry Stakeholders 

Feedback /  engagement 

Buy + Sell Items/points 

Discover + play games 

Revenue Share 

Vault 	

NITRO  

MARKETPLACE 

NITRO  
ECONOMY 

Transactions 

Transactions 
Purchase 

NOX 

 



Some examples of what the platform can offer to the various stakeholders are as 
follow: 
 

1. Gamers can easily exchange NOX into NOD, and vice versa on Nitro 
Marketplace 

2. Gamers can connect via Nitro Marketplace API to use NOD as an In-Game 
Currency for purchase of virtual items in games. 

3. Marketing companies can promote new games on Nitro Marketplace and 
directly incentivize gamers with NOX or NOD to try out new games and provide 
feedback 

4. Gamers can trade virtual items with each other on the Nitro Marketplace, with 
NOD as currency. 

 

In offering NOX as a form of in-game currency, we hope to increase the connectivity 
between players, studios, and the marketplace, and create a well-balanced ecosystem 
based on fair and secure transactions. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

31 

#2  |  Connect 

Nitro 
Marketplace 

Value of the network is in the number of  nodes it has. Nitro Marketplace involves all industry stak eholders 

to enable transparency and efficiency in transactions and flow of  information, through the NOX Token.  

Financiers 
Are able to access and 

monitor network activities  

Game Studios 
Interact with players and allow 

NOX to be used in games 

Other 
Stakeholders 

Gamers 
Discover and play new games,  get 
incentive dir ectly and tr ade with 

other gamers 

Publishers /  Platforms 
Are able to use NO X as an incentive to 

communicate with players and then 
understand how NO X is being used  

NOX Token 



3.3.3   Grow 
 
Once the funded games are launched, the 
developer will contribute part of its revenue 
to the Nitro Team. 30% of net revenues will 
be shared up to a maximum of 3x of the 
total funded amount. Beyond that, the 
share of net revenues due to Nitro will drop 
to 20%, up to a maximum period of 5 years 
from the date of funding.  
 
60% of the revenue-share received by Nitro 
via will be held in a Vault, which would be 
distributed in the form of Ethereum’s Ether 
(ETH), from time to time at the discretion of 
the Nitro Team, to NOX holders as a form of 
rewards. The remaining 40% will go back to 
replenish the funding pool to fund new 
video games. 
 
This process will occur every 3 months, with 
the game studios contributing the 
respective revenue-share amount in ETH 
back to Nitro.  
 
From time to time the Nitro Team may have 
the discretion to allocate a limited amount of NOX for “airdrop” purposes. NOX will 
be “airdropped” into games funded by Nitro to encourage the take-up of games 
funded by Nitro. The Nitro platform will be set to grow with extensive user 
participation and connection. 
  

29 

Fund 

Vote 
 

Curates Promising Game 
Studios and game-titles 

30% until 3x principal is r eceived, 
then 20% until 5 ye ars is over 

40% 
To replenish 

funding for games 

60% to be held in in Vault (in 
ETH). May be distributed as 
rewards to NOX holders from 
time to time as rewards 

Gamers 

In-Game 
Purchases /  Ad 

Revenue 

PARTICIPATE CONNECT GROW 

Interact direct with 
Industry Stakeholders 

Feedback /  engagement 

Buy + Sell Items/points 

Discover + play games 

Revenue Share 

Vault 	

NITRO  

MARKETPLACE 

NITRO  
ECONOMY 

Transactions 

Transactions 
Purchase 

NOX 

 



04   Overview of NOX Tokens 
 
 

4.1   What is NOX? 
 
NOX is a block-chain based token minted for specific usage on the Nitro platform. It is 
based on the Ethereum protocol (ERC20 standard), and will be used as the designated 
currency within the Nitro economy. The specific usage will be discussed in detail 
within section 5.2. It should be noted that these features or purposes may not be 
exhaustive, and may be altered over time. 
 

4.2   What is NOX’s Usage? 
 
Usage within the Nitro platform.  
All activities on the Nitro platform will be facilitated through the use of NOX. The token 
can be bought and sold on the cryptographic token exchanges for usage within the 
Nitro platform, provided that users adhere to the specific laws of purchase in their 
respective places of residence. Given that there are existing regulations with regards 
to the circulation of securities in countries such as the United States of America, China 
and Japan (but not limited to the aforementioned countries), purchasers have the 
responsibility to check the respective legislation in their places of residence. 
 
Tokens used for voting.  
NOX will be used as a nominal token for the internal voting mechanism implemented 
on the platform. Gamers will be able to vote for their desired games using NOX, a 
process which would lead to their eventual funding.  
 
Tokens used as a form in-game currency.  
NOX will be easily exchangeable to subtoken Nitro Dollar (NOD), which is pegged to 
US Dollar (1 NOD : 1 USD). NOD is used as a form of in-game currency to purchase 
services and products. NOD can also be used for trading between gamers for 
secondary market of in-game items for some games. Gamers can decide when they 
want to exchange NOX to NOD, or vice versa anytime on Nitro Marketplace. 
 
Tokens used as rewards for long-term supporters of the platform.  
NOX holders are eligible to receive rewards (in the form of ETH, from Nitro’s Vault) for 
their active participation in the Nitro ecosystem. This is distributed from time to time 
at the Nitro Team’s discretion, as a form of incentive for supporters as the Nitro 
economy continues to grow through increased participation of all parties. 

 
 
 
 
 
 



4.3   What NOX is Not 
 
NOX tokens are not securities in any jurisdiction.  
This White Paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort, is 
not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment, does 
not pertain in any way to an initial public offering or a share/equity offering, and does 
not pertain in any way to an offering of securities in any jurisdiction. The NOX tokens 
are not intended to be marketed, offered for sale, purchased, sold, or traded in any 
jurisdiction where they are prohibited by applicable laws or require further 
registration with any applicable governmental authorities. 
 
NOX tokens do not represent a loan or security.  
The NOX tokens are neither debt instrument nor bonds nor securities of any kind nor 
any other form of loan advanced to the Project. Acquisition of the NOX tokens, 
whether through the Token Sale or otherwise, does not grant to token holders any 
right of claim on Project’s financial or any other assets. 
 
NOX tokens are not a promise of future performance or value.  
No promises of future performance or value are or will be made in respect to the NOX 
tokens, including no promise of inherent value, no promise of continuing payments, 
and no guarantee that the NOX tokens will hold any particular value. 
 
 
  



05   Benefits to Parties using Nitro Platform and NOX 
 
 

The use of the Nitro platform, and NOX, will provide a great range of benefits to all 
participants. These benefits have been summarized in the section below. 
 
Game Studios  
First, video game studios are expected to receive better access to funding through 
Nitro. This will provide them with the resources to create better games, for example 
through the exploration of new gameplay mechanics and concepts that can better 
excite the fans. 
 

Second, game studios will be able to receive timely and immediate feedback on their 
games throughout the video-games production cycle by interacting with gamers on 
Nitro Marketplace. This will enable them to produce games that better fit the tastes 
of gamers, improving game quality and their eventual success. 
 

Third, game studios are not only able to improve on the quality of their games through 
NOX, but also their outreach in marketing efforts. Through the Discover function, 
gamers would have an opportunity to discover these otherwise obscure Promising 
Game Studios that would have been hidden beneath the behemoths in the industry. 
This will definitely help in promoting the studio’s games to the wider public. 
 

Fourth, the use of NOX/NOD for in-game purchases will heavily benefit the 
developers. While in-game purchases of virtual items already exist on major app 
stores, such purchases are subjected to a 30% fee, with a payment delay of 30 days. 
The Nitro Marketplace will not only offer a more favorable transaction fee, but would 
also offer instantaneous transactions for game studios to provide greater liquidity.  
 

Lastly, with the instantaneous transaction system to be put in place through Nitro 
Marketplace, studios will be able to receive the proceeds from in-game purchases 
immediately. This will greatly increase the liquidity of their business.  
 
Gamers 
Gamers will finally have a say in the entire game production process, with 
opportunities to participate from concept right until production. This will no doubt 
improve the quality of games that will eventually be produced, improving the eventual 
game experience for users.  
 
More importantly, as a reward for helping us build a community of the future, gamers 
will be allocated a form of economic benefit from time to time. These rewards will be 
given out either through the periodic distribution of NOX to the community, at the 
discretion of the Nitro Team, or through other incentives given by developers 
themselves for aiding in marketing or beta-testing efforts.  
 
The use of NOX as an In-Game currency will also create greater linkages across all 
parties using the Nitro platform. With NOX, gamers will be able to purchase in-game 



items in a safe and secure fashion.  
 
Using the platform, gamers can also be incentivized with in-game currency, to do beta 
testing, provide feedback or perform any other forms of marketing activities 
requested by game developers. This creates a well-integrated community that we 
envision, a community that would be benefiting to both gamers, and developers. 
These form compelling reasons for supporting this platform.  
 
Game Publishers 
Using the platform, gamers can also be incentivized with in-game currency, to do beta-
testing, provide feedback or perform any other forms of marketing activities 
requested by game developers and publishers. The use of this platform will also help 
to reduce the cost of connecting with the various parties, through the heightened 
efficiency of directly bringing content, which is proven to be popular among the 
community. 
 
Financiers 
The platform provides a manner for which game concepts can be validated before its 
production. The market demand for the games listed on the platform can be 
determined prior to the financing process, allowing financiers to better gauge gamer 
sentiments. This will instill greater confidence in financiers to provide support for 
products that could still be in its earlier stages - thus creating greater options for 
investment. 
 
Nitro also helps to link Promising Game Studios and other industry stakeholders 
together, creating greater ease in the operations aspects of video-games financing 
and development.  
 
This creates a well-integrated community that we envision, a community that would 
benefit not only the gamers, but also all stakeholders including the developers, 
financiers and studios. These are compelling reasons for the support of the Nitro 
platform.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Promising Game Studios 

1. Better access to funding 
2. Feedback Channel 
3. Better outreach 
4. Favourable transaction fees for in-game 

purchase 
5. Instantaneous transaction 

Gamers 

1. Participate in the game development process 
2. Social and potential economic benefits for 

helping to build the Nitro community 
3. Safe and secure transactions 

Publishers 

1. Platform to connect with both the supply 
(developers) and demand (gamers) chains 

2. Reduction of cost of outreach 
3. Tap into consumers for marketing efforts 

Financiers 

1. Better gauge of gamer sentiments 
2. Greater confidence in investing in profitable 

early-stages studios 
3. More integrated with various stakeholders 

 
 
 
  



06   Corporate Overview 
 

 

6.1   Corporate Structure 
 

Nitro is an independent Blockchain based online collaboration platform that involves 
principally the creation of an online electronic marketplace for the various 
stakeholders of the game economy (“Nitro Marketplace”) and a new cryptocurrency 
called NOX (“NOX” or “NOX Tokens”).  As they are being built based on the Blockchain 
technology, the Nitro Marketplace and the NOX tokens developed are decentralised 
systems running on the Internet.  
 

Development of the Nitro Marketplace and creation of the NOX Tokens will be 
undertaken by Nitro Interactive Limited (“Nitro Interactive”), a private limited 
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The Nitro Project is supported by 
iCandy Ventures Ltd (“iCandy Ventures”), a 100% owned subsidiary of  iCandy 
Interactive Limited (“iCandy Interactive”), an Australian incorporated mobile games 
studio group that is publicly listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX). with 
presence in Australia and Southeast Asia. iCandy Ventures will draw upon various 
resources and networks from group companies to publish games funded by the Nitro 
project as well as to foster a community around Nitro Marketplace. 
 

The administration and the debut crowdsale of the NOX Tokens are managed by Nitro 
Interactive out of the British Virgin Island jurisdiction in accordance to business and 
investment regulations and laws of the British Virgin Island. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



6.2   Roles and Responsibilities 

 

6.3   About iCandy Interactive  
 

iCandy Interactive is the parent company of 
iCandy Ventures.  

 

Australia-incorporated iCandy Interactive is a 
leading Southeast Asia mobile games studio 
group listed on the Australian Securities 
Exchange.  
 

iCandy Interactive owns a network of game 
studios in Southeast Asia. Its studios have 
developed games that are played by more than 
20,000,000 gamers internationally. 
 

 

 

 

Company iCandy Interactive 
Limited. 

Company No. ACN 604 871 712 

Country of Incorporation Australia 

Stock Exchange Australian Securities 
Exchange (ASX) 

Stock ticker ICI 

ISIN AU000000ICI5 

Presence Melbourne, Singapore, 
Kuala Lumpur, Jakarta 

 

 

Nitro Interactive Limited: 

• Develop the economy of NOX  
• Manage the sale and distribution of NOX 
• Recruit the management team of Nitro 
• Provide ongoing infrastructure and expertise to ensure the business plan of Nitro is 

executed  
• Develop and support Nitro Marketplace 

 

iCandy Ventures Ltd: 

• Publish games funded by Nitro and provide marketing services to games on Nitro 
Marketplace 

• As part of its publishing role, draw upon its resources to foster a community around the 
Nitro Marketplace 
 



6.4   About Shareholders of iCandy Interactive  
 
iCandy Interactive’s shareholders include reputable strategic corporate shareholders 
that include: 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
6.5   Accolades of iCandy Interactive 
 
Some of iCandy Interactive’s accolades include being named as top developer by 
Google and winning awards in major industry shows.  
 
 

 
 
   

China’s Top-3 Internet Company 
• Baidu, NASDAQ-listed, market cap of USD$60Bn 

• Baidu operates one of China’s top app stores 

Japan’s Leading Early-Stage VC Fund 
• Has extensive track-records in Japan with funds under 

management supported by strategic Limited Partners that include 

many big-name tech conglomerates 

ASX-listed Venture Builder 
• Using co-entrepreneurship model to drive growth in 

funded companies. Has presences in Australia, Southeast 

Asia and Europe. 

China’s Mobile Games Developers Network 
• Leading industry affiliation network of mobile games 

developers in China. 



07   People 
 

 
Combined, the Nitro team possesses a wide array of skills and experience in the 
industry. Several of the key personnel have many years of experience in the tech 
venture or video-games scene, with a successful track record in their various activities, 
be it in creating hit games widely loved by gamers, or developing great platforms. We 
believe that it is this combination of people that will be the key recipe for the success 
of the platform that we envisioned in the coming months. 

 

7.1   Nitro Team 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

KIN-WAI LAU 
DIRECTOR 

CEO of Fatfish Internet Group (ASX:FFG), and Sweden-
headquartered Fatfish Global Ventures AB, Chairman of 
iCandy Interactive and director at many tech startups. He is 
well-recognised as a technology entrepreneur in Southeast 
Asia that has successfully brought 5 tech companies to IPO. 
He was formerly a Research Associate and PhD candidate at 
Imperial College London. He graduated with first class 
honours for his bachelor degree from University of 
Manchester and also received a MBA degree from University 
of Oxford. 
 

GERALD TOCK 
DIRECTOR 

Gerald has been in the games industry since 2004 from 
startup, to government, to heading operations for a 
government funded ecosystem catalyst. Gerald was 
formerly Head of Operations at the Singapore-MIT Gambit 
Lab, an organisation formed and funded by the Singapore 
Government, in collaboration with the Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology (MIT) to incubate the next 
generation of games industry talents in Singapore. Gerald is 
the currently Chief Operating Officer of iCandy Interactive 
Ltd. 

 
 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

DOUGLAS GAN 
HEAD OF STRATEGY 

Douglas is the co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of 
Vanitee, and additionally serves as a co-founder and 
Director of iFashion Group. He is also an angel investor 
investing in startups in Southeast Asia. Between 1997 and 
2016, he founded 5 companies, all of which were sold to 
MNCs. In 2011, Douglas was named “Young Professional of 
the Year” by Singapore Computer Society. 

 
 

JASON GIAMBONA 
CTO 

Jason is the Co-Founder of Beam Storage and also the Chief 
Technology Officer of Fintech Asia Group. He is a serial 
entrepreneur, with a wide range of experience in the tech 
startup scene. 
 

NIKITA SACHDEV 
HEAD OF COMMUNICATION 

Nikki is an entrepreneur, startup advocate, health 
enthusiast, former international model and a social media 
influencer. These experiences put her in the best position to 
head the communication team for the project.  
 

YELENA V. SEDYKH 
HEAD OF PARTNERSHIP 

Yelena is a successful serial entrepreneur with 2 exits. She is 
also an investor and mentor to startups in the Central Asia 
and Eastern Europe region. She is on the Investment 
Committee of Asadel Venture Holding (A VC firm) and she is 
also a late-stage investor in GoDaddy, Nutatix, Coupa etc. 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 

PHILLIP LORD 
DIRECTOR 

Phillip has over 20 years of investment banking experience 
across Asia and London. He is also a serial technology 
investor. Phillip is currently Managing Director of the 
Montreux Group. Founded in 2010, Montreux Capital 
Management represents a group of investment firms 
specialising in boutique, alternative funds. Prior to 
Montreux, Phillip was Managing Director of Queen Street 
Capital and before that, Jefferies LLC, an American global 
investment bank and institutional securities firm 
headquartered in New York. 
 

EVGENIY ARHIPOV 
CHIEF BLOCKCHAIN DEVELOPER 

Evgeniy has a wide array of experience in blockchain 
technology, having developed several blockchain solutions 
including: a supply chain platform "Buydentity" on the 
Ethereum platform, (from goods manufacturing to sale in 
the store) with audit from Microsoft, a platform for clients 
verification and exchange of information between banks 
KYC, and one for integrating Ripple technology for Russian 
banks. More pertinently, Evgeniy has participated in the 
case development of the Masterchain platform, as well as 
seeing through the development and execution of 
numerous ICO projects from smart contracts to token 
issuance. 
 

Ilnur Galiev 
BLOCKCHAIN DEVELOPER 
Experienced blockchain developer. Participated in fin-tech 
projects including the development of blockchain solutions 
for client verification and exchange of information between 
banks (KYC) 
 



 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
7.2   Advisors 

Apart from our core operations team, we are also backed by an experienced group of 
advisors who have rich experience in the tech, video games and investment scene. 

 

 

 

LARRY GAN 
ADVISOR 

Larry is the Former Managing Partner of Accenture, 
Asia. He was also the Head of Accenture’s Global 
Venture Fund. Larry is widely known in the tech 
scene, with a reputation of being a prolific 
international tech investor. 
 

Kair Kozhaly  
HEAD OF RUSSIAN COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT 
eCommerce and FinTech expert. eCommerce and Telecom 
startups founder. Rich experience in sales, marketing 
development as well as in creating innovative products in 
corporations. Сrypto enthusiast. 
 

Simon Breedon 
HEAD OF DIGITAL MARKETING 
Digital marketing expert, founder of Viral Media Solutions 
Ltd, a content lab and digital media publishing studio. 
Former Capitol Hill Reporter in Washington D.C. Crypto 
expert.  
 



 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 
  

KONSTANTIN GOROZHANKIN 
ADVISOR 

Konstantin is one of the most well-respected 
Internet entrepreneurs in the Central Asia region. He 
is currently the President of the Association of 
Kazakhstan Internet Business and Mobile 
Commerce, and Chairman of the IT-Committee to 
create The Digital program under the Prime Minister 
of Kazakhstan. He is also founder of successful 
leading e-commerce companies such as Ticketon.kz, 
a leading ticketing online aggregator and 
Intervale.kz, a leading solution provider of mobile 
banking solutions. 
 

HANS DE BACK 
ADVISOR 

Hans is the General Partner of Fintech VC Orange 
Growth Partner, and the Co-Founder of Singapore 
Fintech Consortium, and has over 13 years of 
international entrepreneurial experience across 
multiple high-tech industries including mobile, 
advertising, gaming and social media. 
 

BANKING ON BLOCKCHAIN FUND (BB FUND) 
ADVISOR & EARLY STAGE INVESTOR 

A newly launched dedicated blockchain fund by 
Life.Sreda, an international FinTech venture capital 
firm, established in 2012 and headquartered in 
Singapore with very successful track-record of 
investments in the FinTech sector. BBFund aims to 
invest into Blockchain companies. 
 



08   Crowdsale Overview 
 

 

8.1   Key Details and Dates 

 
Token Name: NOX (ERC20, Ethereum-based) 

Token Supply: 120,000,000 tokens generated by smart contract 

Smallest Unit: 18 decimal places 

Currency Accepted: ETH and BTC 

Managed by: Nitro Interactive Limited (A British Virgin Islands 
incorporation) 

Pre-Sale: To be announced 

Crowdsale Date: 7th to 21st November 2017 

Sub-token NOD: Nitro Dollar (NOD) is pegged 1 NOD to 1 USD, and will be 
used as in-game currency and for game-related 
transactions. NOX will be easily exchangeable to NOD at 
prevailing exchange rate on Nitro Marketplace. 

Crowdsale Rate 1 ETH to 800 NOX 

Pre-sale Incentive: 30% bonus, i.e. 1 ETH to 1040 NOX  (subject to purchase 
value of minimum 20 ETH) 

Crowdsale Early Incentives: First 24 hours - 25% bonus  
Subsequent 48 hours - 15% bonus 
 

Maximum Proceeds: Target to raise up to 75,000 ETH but the Nitro Team may 
consider an oversubscription of up to 85,000 ETH 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



8.2   NOX Distribution overview 

The total token supply will be 120 million NOXs (finite supply). The initial distribution 
of NOX will be as follows:   

▪ 60 million NOXs (50% of total supply) being offered for pre-sale and crowdsale. 
▪ 42.6 million NOXs (35.5% of total supply) will be retained as Reserve for future 

issuance and use.  
▪ 3 million NOXs (2.5% of total supply) will be paid as fixed-rate publishing fee 

to iCandy Ventures Ltd for its role in publishing games funded by Nitro. This 
will be payable annually, from the Reserve and will be re-negotiated from time 
to time. 

▪ 6 million NOXs (5% of total supply) will be retained by Nitro Interactive Limited 
as fee for managing and developing the project. 

▪ 7.2 million NOXs (6% of total supply) will be retained as Nitro Team’s 
remuneration and as future incentive to expand the team. 

▪ 1.2 million NOXs (1% of total supply) will be awarded to Advisors of Nitro. 

 
 

8.3   Use of Proceeds 

All proceeds received will be distributed in the following format: 
 

Operations Marketing 
Platform 

Development 
Investment into 

Games 
Working Capital 

10% 10% 10% 60% 10% 

 

Up to 50% of the proceeds raised in the crowdsale will be held as cryptocurrencies 
(ETH). The remaining proceeds will be converted into fiat currencies.  

For security purposes, Nitro’s Crowdsale Wallet will be a multisig wallet that requires 
at least 2 Directors of the Nitro Team to authorise for operation. 
 
 

8.4   Management Lock-up 

2/3 of NOXs retained by the Nitro Team will be subjected to a lock-up period of 6 
months from the date of the completion of the crowdsale. 
 

8.5   Unique Public and Private Markets’ Proposition 

Nitro is the first blockchain-based cryptocurrency project in the world backed by a 
publicly traded company on an internationally recognised stock exchange 
(independently verified by DealStreetAsia.com). iCandy Interactive Limited, is a 
leading Southeast Asian mobile games development company listed on the Australian 
Securities Exchange, backed by reputable institutional investors such as Baidu, 
IncubateFund and Fatfish Internet Group. 



 
iCandy Interactive Limited’s subsidiary, iCandy Ventures Ltd will facilitate the 
publishing of all games funded by the Nitro project and make available its resources 
on an ongoing basis to support the game publishing operation of Nitro.  
 
Some of the advantages of having iCandy Ventures Ltd on the Nitro project would 
include: 
  

1. As part of publicly traded group that is backed by reputable shareholders, 

iCandy Ventures Ltd has reputational risk if it does not perform what it is 

tasked to do.  

 

2. Having a backer that is familiar with the video-games industry will translate to 

greater resources and reach. iCandy Ventures Ltd will have access to an 

expansive network of studios that can already participate in the platform, and 

with it being an industry player itself, it will be able to reach out to other 

smaller studios, which would greatly help to kick start the development of the 

Nitro project.  

 

3. Having a backer that is familiar with legal and regulatory framework will ensure 

that the project adheres to the legal and regulatory frameworks in countries it 

operates in, giving greater assurance to its success.



 

8.5   NITRO’s Road Map 

 

 

 

 

 


