

















































VERSION 1.05 
JANUARY 2018 
VERSION 1.0 RELEASED JUNE 2017 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
 

              WHITE PAPER 
                                                        Eric Lamison-White, Ted Lanpher 

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 2	
	

Introduction	 3	

Background	 4	

Philosophy	 7	

Platform	Overview	 8	

Incentives	&	Rewards	 10	

Pareto	Market	Value	 17	

Differences	from	Prediction	Markets	 17	

Case	Studies	 19	

Secondary	Markets	 21	

Token	Architecture	 23	

Conclusion	 24	

Appendix	A:	Token	Sale	Details	 25	
	
	 	



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 3	
	

	

	
	
“For	many	events,	roughly	80%	of	the	effects	come	from	20%	

	of	the	causes”		
	

―	Vilfredo	Pareto			
	

	
  	 I N T R O D U C T I O N . 

 
	

 

Introduction 
The Pareto Network is a service for incentivizing the generation and sharing of 
information about tradable opportunities in cryptocurrencies and related assets. 
It is designed to elevate information about market inefficiencies and promote 
more accurate price discovery. What that means is that it should steer the 
markets toward the correct pricing of these assets. 
 
It replicates the function of research desks at investment banks, providing a 
flow of information that anyone can access, and aligns economic incentives to 
promote that reality. 
	
	
	 	



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 4	
	

 	 B A C K G R O U N D .	
	
 
The current state of investment research for cryptocurrencies is cumbersome 
and leaves a lot to be desired.  

Background 
Cryptocurrencies differ measurably from conventional equities or forex as a 
subject of investment analysis. An assessment of the viability of a new currency 
or token typically requires an evaluation of an open source software project, a 
proposed model of a decentralized market, a design for new forms of 
economic incentives and behavior, and other considerations such as the long-
term viability of the blockchain or protocol stack within which the token 
resides.  
 
In combination, these differences create an investment challenge that defies the 
simple application of existing investment information tools, which are centered 
on the analysis of balance sheets, P&L statements, and commercial transactions 
under GAAP accounting as well as projections of factors such as market share, 
sales and profitability into the future. Moreover, the investors in crypto markets 
are less likely to have access to conventional sources of equity or forex 
research.1 2 
 
Confounding these challenges is the rapid pace of new token and 
cryptocurrency offerings. As of July 2017 over 800 cryptocurrencies are 
available to investors and it is likely that as many as 1,000 new token/currency 
offerings will occur over the next year alone. This will doubtlessly include 
tremendous opportunities for investors. But the large number of choices 
presents a bewildering landscape. Investors will be challenged to differentiate 
between these opportunities and seek tools to help devise and implement an 
investment and allocation strategy.  
 
 
 

																																																								
1	Conventional research performed by investment banks and buy side analysts has undergone a dramatic decline since the 
financial crisis of 2009, dropping nearly 50%. This appears to be related to the reduction in advisory fees and more recently, 
regulation in the European Union requires the separation of customer charges for research expense from brokerage service 
fees. Banks Forced to Shake Up Analyst Research Business, Wall Street Journal, Feb. 2015. 
https://www.wsj.com/articles/new-rules-poised-to-reshape-analyst-research-sector-1423514292 
2 Robin Wigglesworth, Final Call for the Research Analyst?, Financial Times, February 7, 2017. 
https://www.ft.com/content/85ee225a-ec4e-11e6-930f-061b01e23655 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 5	
	

 
 
Today, finding information on investment in the cryptocurrency space is often 
a fairly random process. The major sources include: 
 
● YouTube channels, of which some are affiliated with specific 

cryptocurrencies. Most of these channels have between 5,000 and 25,000 
subscribers. The quality of the production and the advice offered varies 
widely.	

 
● Industry news sites such as CoinDesk, The Merkle, Bitcoinist, 

CoinTelegraph, and numerous others provide news stories on the overall 
market direction, notable transactions and events, press releases, 
individual currencies, and other developments.	

 
● Research reports on new tokens such as Smith & Crown. Some of the 

reports are more extensive than others and many tokens have no 
objective reviewers. Much of the information in these reports at this 
point in time appears to come from the issuer’s white paper and other 
material provided by the token creators themselves. 	

 
● Bloggers, including personal blogs (often on Medium) and blogs on the 

sites of Foundations, venture investors, and thought leaders.  While 
some of these writers offer valuable insights these blogs are not 
centralized or organized in a way that makes it practical to effectively 
consume such insights.3 	

 
● Exchanges and market data sites: Price and volume, bid and ask data 

from exchanges including historical charts. Coinmarketcap.com, 
Poloniex, Bittrex, and others. Some provide data via APIs (such as 
coincap.io).	

 
● Blockchain explorers, such as Blockchain.info and Etherscan.io, which 

contain information on the concentration of holdings and the volume 
and pace of transactions.	

 
● Forum Posts. One of most potentially valuable sources of actionable 

insights is the forums focused on individual currencies. These include 
																																																								
3An example is the writing on blockchain protocol economics of Joel Monegro at Union 
Square Ventures. https://www.usv.com/thread/blockstack 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 6	
	

the Slack Channels of the Currency’s developer or foundation 
themselves as well as discussion areas focused on crypto within various 
open forums such as BitcoinTalk, Reddit and StackExchange. 	

 
● Steemit provides a useful source of advice and forecasts and may include 

a compensation-feedback mechanism. However, their broad focus on 
social sharing of information about "almost anything" leads to a more 
diffuse stream of information. 	

	  



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 7	
	

 	 P H I L O S O P H Y .	
	

Philosophy 
The Pareto platform and ecosystem aims to create value through increasing the 
overall efficiency of cryptocurrency markets. The Platform has several aspects 
to detail: 
 
Prospective users of the Pareto Network must own Pareto tokens (PARETO) 
in order to access the Pareto Network. By means of its rewards mechanism, the 
Pareto Network encourages the production of actionable market information 
and helps Pareto token users filter noise from meaningful information.  
 
More subtly, through its taxonomies and organization of information feeds, the 
Pareto Network will play a role in structuring the types of information 
produced and advance the level of understanding of cryptocurrency investment 
analysis.  
 
The infrastructure of the Pareto Network was designed after researching the 
ideals, shortcomings and advantages of other blockchain token offerings over 
the last half a decade. Failing to address or align the economic incentives of the 
target market participants hampered the execution of many projects. 
 
The philosophy of the Pareto Network can be extended to existing and future 
crypto-asset offerings to attract capital to this space and realize the shared 
ideals of evolving the finance sector and the world around it by proxy.	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 8	
	

Platform Overview 

 	 P L A T F O R M   O V E R V I E W . 
 

The Pareto Network will facilitate the growth of an ecosystem for the creation 
and distribution of content related to investment in crypto assets.  
	
 
Original Information Content 
 
The Pareto Network will ingest and distribute a broad range of information 
that may be of value to its participants in making investment decisions in the 

cryptocurrency markets. Such information will include (but is not limited to) 
the following: 
 

• Analyst reports – coverage of new & existing tradable tokens or 
investments	

• Sector reports (e.g. storage, prediction, computing)	
• Analyst reports on return on staking/mining	
• Technical trading alerts and reports	



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 9	
	

• Codebase reviews	
• Code vulnerability and security assessments	
• Evaluation of investor tools	
• Evaluation and discussion of fund management tools	
• Crypto investment manager surveys	

 
Content Contributors 
 
Content contributors may be individuals, groups or organizations. They may 
generate single items of information or multiple items produced over time. 
They may generate ongoing streams of information.  
 
There will be two phases to adding content contributors.  During the first 
phase, Pareto will recruit qualified contributors to start building a flow of 
information that can be used immediately by token users. These initial Content 
Contributors will be compensated by the Pareto to ensure that the database on 
information available to users is robust and has value. 
 
In phase two the contributors will grow organically, as the contributors will be 
drawn to the Network; they will be incentivized to add content to earn rewards 
and PARETO tokens from users. 
 
Submissions of content to the Pareto Network are open to anyone. Content 
Contributors will pay a fee to Pareto to make their content available to the 
users.  This fee will also deter spam or other inappropriate or irrelevant 
content.  
 
	 	



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 10	
	

  
 
 

 I N C E N T I V E S  &  R E W A R D S . 

Incentives	&	Rewards	
The Pareto Network uses a ranking algorithm to determine the order in which 
Pareto token users are provided with the information created by the Content 
Contributors. The outcome of the ranking algorithm is called the waterfall, and 
it is akin to a leaderboard. 
 
There are a variety of criteria which have an influence on a user’s position 
within the waterfall and these can be used strategically to obtain information 
sooner than other users. 
 
Content Contributors are likewise incentivized to create content which can be 
actionable amongst the users as well as compete for the optimal kind and price 
of information for the Pareto Network. 

	

	
 
 

1. Content Contributors submit content to Pareto Network  
2. Pareto Network distributes the content to Token Users in a prioritized sequence 
3. To maintain or improve their position on the waterfall, Token Users award 

PARETO to Content Contributors. Users that do not spend their tokens, or attempt 
to use Pareto tokens for speculation,  are at a disadvantage by not maximizing their 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 11	
	

place in the network. Tokens are awarded to Content Contributors – this 
supplements direct rewards from Pareto Network 

 
The generalized formula for a user’s ranking is as follows: 
 
	

( Address
'(	*+

,	-	.	

(𝑃))	×	(Β345 − 𝑥8)9 	

	
where 
	

		𝑉	 = 1 + (>	/	@
A
)	

	
and 
	

𝑥	 ≥ 	0, 𝑥	 = 𝑣

'F

G	-	.

, 𝑥	 ≤ 2	

	
	
 
Definitions:	
	
Address The signed address containing Pareto 

tokens 

P A quantity of Pareto tokens 

B Block height. The total number of 
blocks till the top of the blockchain. 
 
Bn is the current block height. 
 
Bc is the confirmed bloc height. “c” 
can be set by the Pareto system based 
on the perceived confidence in 
consensus of the host blockchain. 
 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 12	
	

By is the lowest block used by the 
Pareto system to determine how 
many rewards a user has made. 
Rewards eventually stop being 
counter for a user’s ranking. 

M The weighting of the total number of 
rewards. 
 
For example, with a weighting of 50 
and an eligible reward count of 1, the 
rewards would be worth .02 in the 
system, allowing for 100 eligible 
rewards to obtain the maximum 
exponential effect to a user’s ranking. 
Whereas a weighting of 100 would 
make rewards worth .01 in the 
system, allowing for 200 eligible 
rewards to obtain the maximum 
exponential effect. 

V This is a representation of the 
rewards algorithm. 

v A reward. 

x Number of rewards a Pareto user has 
made since the lowest counted block. 

	
Step by Step: 
 
In its simplest form, the algorithm is counting how many Pareto tokens a user 
owns, how long they’ve held tokens, and how many Pareto tokens they have 
spent by paying content contributors. The largest benefit comes from spending 
the tokens on content contributors, creating a virtuous circle of incentivized 
information that benefits the users of Pareto tokens. The algorithm penalizes 
speculative purchases of the tokens. 
	
J(	*+

,	-	.	

𝐴𝑑𝑑𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑠(𝑃)	
	
A summation representing a count of 
how many Pareto tokens are in an 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 13	
	

address. 
 
The Pareto Network uses a block 
explorer to check how many Pareto 
tokens an individual address has, 
starting from 0 tokens, until a system 
specified number of confirmations 
away from the greatest block height. 
	

	
𝛣345 − 𝑥8	
	

A user is incentivized to replenish 
Pareto tokens that it spends because a 
higher average holding of Pareto 
token over time positively affects its 
ranking in the Pareto Network. Users 
with a higher ranking receive 
information sooner than users with a 
lower ranking.  
 
This is Pareto Network block height 
minus the weighted average block 
height that an address holds Pareto. It 
is a weighted average of amount of 
Pareto per block. 
	
	

	
		𝑉	 = 1 + (>	/	@

A
)	

	
													and	

𝑥	 ≥ 	0, 𝑥	 = 𝑣

JF

G	-	.

, 𝑥	 ≤ 2	

	

V is an exponent, which is currently 
set to 1 for all users. The reward 
mechanism is a way to both 
compensate contributors and also 
boost a user’s ranking, exponentially. 
 
V can be as low as 1, and can be as 
high as 2. With enough rewards (little 
v) a user can exponentially double 
their ranking for a temporary time 
period, giving them enhanced access 
to more information sooner. This 
provides an incentive for users to 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 14	
	

reward a Content Contributor after 
receiving profitable information.  

	
Rewards have a cost in Pareto tokens, set by Content Contributors, and this 
cost is rewarded directly to the Content Contributor. If the user rewards the 
total cost set by the Content Contributor, he will receive the full power of the 
reward and move up the waterfall appropriately.  If the user rewards less than 
the amount requested by the content contributor, he will move up 
proportionally to the amount contributed. Rewards stop being counted for this 
exponent after a certain number of blocks, readjusting the ranking of users and 
incentivizing them to continue acting on profitable information, and having a 
desire to get this profitable information sooner. 
 
As rewards modify an exponent on a user’s ranking formula, it should become 
clear that spending Pareto tokens on rewards is the best way to increase a user’s 
ranking in the Pareto Network. Thus, users are incentivized to reward, which 
results in payments to Content Contributors. The following visualization is 
meant to illustrate the dramatic possibilities and upper bound limitations of 
rewards in the ranking algorithm.  
 

 
 
 
In this example, the user started with a balance of 100 PARETO, the user 
never acquired additional PARETO but is spending their PARETO balance on 
rewards with an average cost of .1 PARETO each. Suggested reward cost can 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 15	
	

be set by the Content Contributors and they will find an equilibrium of what a 
practical amount is. 
 
This example assumes that all of PARETO were acquired at the same time. As 
such, this example exists in a vacuum and neglects other user’s rankings against 
this user’s, as well as any repurchases this user might have made to improve its 
ranking. 
 
The interplay for the individual user is further illustrated in an accompanying 
graph revealing the data used in the ranking algorithm. 
 

 
 
The user’s Pareto token balance dropped from 100 to 80 but its ranking 
actually increased due to the reward pattern. 
 
The Pareto Network is designed to promote payment to the Content 
Contributors, motivated by upward movement in the ranking. 
 
The summary of user behavior is based on the users receiving profitable 
information, rewarding Pareto tokens to the Content Contributor for the 
information, and moving up the ranking to receive profitable information 
sooner. 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 16	
	

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	  



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 17	
	

 
     	  P A R E T O   M A R K E T   V A L U E .	
Pareto Market Value	
Where does the Pareto Token value come from? 
 
Pareto tokens are as valuable as the information in the Pareto Network is, or as 
valuable as future information in the Pareto Network is perceived to be. 
Purchasers and users of Pareto have no expectation of profit from ownership 
of the Pareto token, and the platform itself discourages holding for mere 
speculation. 
 
Pareto tokens are required to access the Pareto Network. Spending tokens by 
paying Content Contributors is the best way to move up in the rankings to 
receive the information available in the Pareto Network sooner. Thus, Pareto 
tokens represent the cost to the user of accessing the Pareto Network and 
receiving its content at the optimal time relative to other users. 
 
People are incentivized to put information into the Pareto Network because 
they can earn more from distributing the information than from acting on the 
information themselves. Analysts and engineers typically do not have the 
capital or infrastructure necessary to most effectively take advantage of 
nuanced information. Aside from finding the people with capital, negotiating 
the most favorable incentives is a minefield and the information’s actionable 
time period is short lived. Finally, many forms of privileged information have 
increased liability if it is acted upon.D 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 18	
	

 Differences	from	Prediction	Markets 
   	   D I F F E R E N C E S   F R O M  

  P R E D I C T I O N   M A R K E T S . 
	

 
Prediction markets rely on the wisdom of the crowd, promoting a binary side 
bet that something will or will not happen, or that opposites will happen. It is 
meant to aggregate all available information to determine what team will win, 
who will win an election, and other forms of binary events. The purpose is to 
create a limited incentive for people to put money behind a decision they 
believe in. The limitation comes from both the kinds of information that can 
be applicable to a prediction market, and the information available to the 
crowd to begin with. Finally, markets may not form at all outside of the biggest 
events already in the collective conscious, exacerbating an already irreconcilable 
liquidity problem. 
 
There are many circumstances to suggest that there is no wisdom of the crowd, 
such as in the options markets and in elections, yet prediction markets do not 
provide a liquid enough venue to make contrarian decisions. The liquidity 
concern is proportionate to the funds available to other bettors, whereas expert 
provided information is the only form of liquidity in the Pareto Network. The 
cryptocurrency financial markets are not transparent enough for the whole 
market to make rational decisions, and the market participants are not rational 
to begin with. 
 
The market consistently discounts improbable situations, and this is reflected in 
prediction markets. 
 
The Pareto Network provides an incentive to disclose the improbable. This 
results in enabling as many people as possible to make profitable investment 
decisions in the relevant markets before non-users, based on real-time 
information they obtain from the Pareto Network. The users are in turn 
incentivized to compensate the Content Contributors with Pareto tokens, as 
that action improves their ranking on the Pareto leaderboard and allows those 
people to get the next information disclosure sooner. 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 19	
	

Case	Studies	

  	 C A S E   S T U D I E S .	
 
Details of a double spend vulnerability on a small cryptocurrency may be 
worth several million dollars.  
 
A double spend allows someone to inflate the supply of the cryptocurrency and 
create money out of nothing, with no consequence socially or legally. 
Confidence in cryptocurrencies comes from the ability to prevent that, and 
smaller cryptocurrencies are not as secure as bigger ones for a variety of 
reasons.  
 
In April 2017, the Monero team discovered vulnerability in the underlying 
Cryptonote protocol which affected Monero, Boolberry, Bytecoin DigitalNote, 
AEON and a handful of other cryptocurrencies. The Monero team disclosed it 
to perhaps a dozen software engineers so that they could fix the vulnerability in 
private, before an inevitable scheduled public disclosure a month later.  
 
By the time of the public disclosures, it would be expected that the problem 
would have already been fixed. After the public disclosure it was shown that 
the exploit was executed on Bytecoin. Over $1.6 million worth of Bytecoin was 
created and sold during the time of the private disclosure. This required already 
owning a lot of Bytecoin (capital), understanding how to execute the 
vulnerability (deeply technical knowledge), and having the knowledge during a 
short time frame. 
 
Having all three of those advantages is difficult and unlikely. The Pareto 
Network makes it easy to monetize this kind of information. The engineer 
would input the details into the Pareto Network and the best positioned users 
of Pareto could act on this information and encourage the engineer for 
continued disclosures. The action of payment allows the Pareto token user to 
be privy to more information faster, as it improves their ranking in the Pareto 
Network’s leaderboard. Pareto token users who are higher in the leaderboard 
will receive information before people lower in the leaderboard. 
 
 
 
 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 20	
	

Details of a central bank policy decision can be worth several billion 
dollars.  
 
George Soros is infamous for “breaking the Bank of England”, as he predicted 
that the central bank artificially kept the exchange rate of pounds at a price that 
nobody was willing to pay. The British government only had £27 billion worth 
of property (metals, foreign currencies) that it could use to buy pounds on the 
open market in a massive bid to prop up the exchange rate.  
 
George Soros went short on the pound with $15 billion, and the rest of the 
market followed his lead as they caught onto what was going on. That day, the British 
government tried to raise interest rates twice, hoping that rich foreigners 
seeking yield would also buy more pounds, since the government only had £27 
billion to buy with to support the price and the global market was selling much 
more into it.  
 
Unfortunately, this was during the middle of a recession, raising interest rates 
did not increase interest in the pound, and it was career suicide for politicians 
to raise interest rates in a struggling economy, so the government had to 
abandon its taxpayer funded bid as it was a horrible speculative trade of their 
own currency and mismanagement of the state trading fund (British Treasury). 
George Soros’ fund made $7 billion in a highly leveraged trade, as the British 
Pound plummeted 25% over a few days. All British taxpayers lost as they 
transferred their wealth out of the Treasury to George Soros’ hedge fund, and 
had to deal with higher prices of food, services and imports afterwards. 
 
To have received information and made a similar trade with similar results 
would have  required the necessary information in a timely fashion. There may 
have been those that could have provided this information, but they would 
have required a number of resources  to accomplish the dissemination of this 
information. The biggest and most difficult resource needed is the capital 
required to get the information out to the masses. In this scenario, many people 
could have done the math, but not have had any way to monetize the 
information or the trade. In the Pareto Network, the information about this 
trade could have come from anyone with a passive interest in economics 
including: 
● A student studying in University who has limited income or possibly 

massive debts	
● A journalist for Bloomberg who has limited income or limited trading 

capital and may have difficulty collaborating with the right funds	



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 21	
	

● An analyst at an investment bank more focused on career highlights and 
growth than immediate profits	

● A government employee at the Central Bank or Treasury that is 
otherwise powerless to end a nonsensical policy, but faces extreme 
disincentives (legal, continued employment, any other income stream) to 
disclose information	

 
With the advent of the Pareto Network, these people can disclose information 
through the Network regardless of resource limitations. Users of Pareto tokens 
would receive the details of the information at a time delay proportionate to 
their ranking on the Pareto Network leaderboard, and take short positions.  
 
In the Bank of England use case, the market efficiency would have come from 
predicting that there would be limited buying pressure at this point in time, 
because the disclosure would show exactly how big the buying pressure was: 
£27 billion pounds. As the bearish positions increased, the people that went 
short first would have profited the most. With the real-time information 
provided by the contributors mentioned above, the PARETO users would 
have been able to act quickly, well before anybody outside of the Pareto 
Network would have known what information was being acted upon. 
 
Pareto token users can spend a fixed amount of their Pareto tokens on a 
payment/reward to the contributor of the information, and this action 
increases the Pareto token user’s ranking on the leaderboard, according to the 
ranking algorithm. The contributor of the information is now compensated by 
everyone in the Pareto Network that has an interest in moving up the Pareto 
Network ranking, and the contributor can sell the received Pareto tokens on 
the secondary markets.  



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 22	
	

Secondary	Markets	
   	  S E C O N D A R Y    M A R K E T S .	
	
 
The utility of the Pareto token is that it is the only way to access information 
disclosed on the Pareto Network. The Pareto Network ranking algorithm is 
heavily weighted to owning and spending Pareto tokens to pay Content 
Contributors, which promotes scarcity of Pareto tokens. There are functions of 
the incentive model that promote the liquidity of a secondary market, providing 
ease of acquiring Pareto tokens to access and obtain an optimal ranking in the 
Pareto Network and confidence that the market supports the price it was 
acquired at. It is on the community alone to use ERC20 tokens in this way. 
 
The price of Pareto tokens will reach equilibrium at a level reflecting the 
perceived value of information available in the Pareto Network. Any balance of 
Pareto tokens above that equilibrium will be sunk capital, as it has a value 
which could be allocated in other valuable or potentially profitable 
opportunities. Users who have reached the equilibrium will therefore sell off 
some of their Pareto tokens on the secondary markets. Users reach the 
equilibrium by making profits with their external trading capital, based on the 
information they receive in the Pareto Network. 
 
Another venue of liquidity will come from the Pareto token payments that 
Content Contributors receive for disclosing information. In order to realize 
usable payment for their contributions, these analysts and perceptive 
individuals can be expected often to sell off their Pareto tokens to people that 
want the Pareto tokens in order to pay for further content and to replenish 
Pareto tokens that they have previously spent (and thus elevate their ranking on 
the leaderboard). 
 
With a limited number of PARETO being created, the need for users to 
acquire information from contributors will result in current and new users 
purchasing tokens through secondary markets.  
 
Competition amongst the rankings will promote buying of more Pareto directly 
from the secondary markets, as well as paying Content Contributors. 
 
 
 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 23	
	

Token Architecture 
   	   T O K E N   A R C H I T E C T U R E .	
 
The amount of Pareto tokens is finite and a total of 500,000,000 Pareto Tokens 
(PARETO) will be created. 
 
The Pareto token is an Ethereum ERC20 compatible token that operates on 
the Ethereum blockchain4. Therefore, the underlying consensus mechanism 
supporting transactions in Pareto tokens is Proof of Work (POW) until such 
time as the Ethereum blockchain migrates to a Proof of Stake (POS) consensus 
mechanism.  
 
Currently, the average block time on the Ethereum blockchain is well under 
one minute. Transactions in Pareto tokens are of a nature such that this block 
time (and the resultant expected time for transaction confirmation) is 
considered to be well within desired time intervals.  Examples of common 
transactions are a transfer of Pareto token rewards to a Content Contributor 
and the spending of Pareto tokens by a user with the intent to reward a valued 
Content Contributor and effect an improvement in the user’s ranking. 
 
To deter spam in the kinds of information that is published, Content 
Contributors must hold a predetermined amount of Pareto tokens in order to 
be eligible to post content on the Pareto Network. In addition, there is a cost 
for publishing. 
 
To address the possibility that the minimum holding of Pareto tokens is too 
high for a new Content Contributor, users can lease their Pareto tokens for the 
benefit of the Content Contributor. This enables the new Content Contributor 
to participate by sharing some portion of their earnings in Pareto tokens with 
the sponsor. 
 
 
	  

																																																								
4	ERC20	Token	Standard	-		https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard	



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 24	
	

 
 
  	    C O N C L U S I O N .	
Conclusion	
 
The Pareto Network is creating a new Ecosystem that will improve efficiencies 
in the generation and distribution of information of value to investors. 
 
The Ecosystem will provide incentives and a mechanism for a wide range of 
individuals and organizations to create and share this information and 
subsequently receive compensation for their effort. It will broaden the range of 
available information and provide a market-based mechanism for investors to 
obtain access to information of value. 
 
This Ecosystem will contribute to the rationalization of the market for 
blockchain-based investments and facilitate the more efficient allocation of 
capital within this revolutionary and rapidly growing sector of the global 
economy. In a more everyday, human context, it will allow those devoting their 
time and talents in this arena to benefit from Vilfredo Pareto's insight that a  

fraction of the inputs account for the majority of the results. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 25	
	

APPENDIX A: TOKEN SALE DETAILS 

Appendix	A:	Token	Sale	Details	

 
Token Symbol: PARETO 

Token Type: ERC20 

Total Number of PARETO created 500,000,000 

Percent of PARETO sold to public 40% 

Price 1 ETH = 20,000 PARETO 

PRESALE 

Presale Opens: October 30, 2017 

Presale Closes: January 15, 2018 

Bonus during Presale: 1 ETH = 20,000 PARETO 
(10% Bonus to first 20% of 

purchasers) 
 

Hard Cap: $12,000,000 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

Token Distribution 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 26	
	

 

 
 
 

● Crowdsale 
● Strategic Reserve (future partnerships, growth) 
● Team 
● Pareto Early Content Contributors 
● Advisors & Ambassadors 

Use of Proceeds 

 

 
 
 

● Business & Product Development 
● Initial Content Contributors 
● Operations 
● Marketing 
● Legal & Administrative 

 

 



©	Pareto	Network	Ltd.	 27	
	

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
www.pareto.network 

	


