



































PayPro | White Paper V3.0


  

 

 

 

The 1st decentralized 
financial-marketplace

THEPAYPRO APP LTD. 
V. 3.0



When Henry Ford made cheap, reliable cars people said,  

“Nah, what is wrong with a horse?”  

That is a huge bet he made, and it worked. 

– Elon Musk. 

  2



DISCLAIMER  

This White Paper has been issued by THE PAYPROAPP LIMITED (the 
“Company”) on January 7h, 2018 and should be read in conjunction with the 
Company’s terms and conditions (the “Terms”). 

The purpose of this White Paper is to provide prospective purchasers with 
the information on the Company’s project to allow the prospective 
purchasers to make their own decision as to whether or not it wishes to 
proceed to purchase a PYP token. This White Paper does not constitute an 
offer or invitation, or any other sale or purchase of shares, securities, or any 
of the assets of the Company. 

The Board of Directors of the Company have taken reasonable care to 
ensure that, as at the date of this White Paper, the information contained 
herein is accurate to the best of their knowledge and there are no other 
facts, the omission of which, would make misleading any statement in this 
White Paper. No representation, warranty, assurance or undertaking is 
made as to its continued accuracy after such date. The information 
contained in this White Paper may be subject to modification, 
supplementation and amendment at any time and from time to time.  

This White Paper describes the Company’s business objectives and the 
issue by the Company of PYP tokens. It has not been reviewed, verified, 
approved or authorised by any regulatory or supervisory authority. 

The publication of this White Paper and the offering of PYP tokens may be 
restricted in certain jurisdictions. It is the responsibility of any person in 
possession of this White Paper and any persons wishing to make an 
application for PYP tokens (pursuant to the Terms) to inform themselves of, 
and to observe, any and all laws and regulations that may be applicable to 
them.  
  
This White Paper does not constitute an offer or solicitation to anyone in 
any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not lawful or in which 
the person making such offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so. 

Prospective purchasers of PYP tokens should inform themselves as to the 
legal requirements and consequences of purchasing, holding and disposing 
of PYP tokens and any applicable exchange control regulations and taxes in 
the countries of their respective citizenship, residence and/or domicile. 

  3



Prospective purchasers of PYP tokens are wholly responsible for ensuring 
that all aspects of this White Paper and the Terms are acceptable to them. 
The purchase of PYP tokens may involve special risks that could lead to a 
loss of all or a substantial portion of the purchase amount. The purchase of 
PYP tokens is considered speculative in nature and it involves a high degree 
of risk. The Company does not represent, warrant, undertake or assure that 
the PYP tokens are defect/virus free or will meet any specific requirements 
of a prospective purchaser. You should only purchase PYP tokens if you can 
afford a complete loss. Unless you fully understand and accept the nature 
of  and the potential risks inherent in the purchase of PYP tokens you 
should not purchase PYP tokens.  

The purchase of PYP tokens is only possible after the prospective purchaser 
has read, understood and accepted the Terms. Each prospective purchaser 
will be required to acknowledge that it made an independent decision to 
purchase the PYP tokens and that it is not relying, in any manner 
whatsoever, on the Company, its Board of Directors or any other person or 
entity (other than such purchaser’s own advisers). Prospective purchasers 
are urged to consult their own legal, tax or other advisor before purchasing 
PYP tokens.  

The Company and its Board of Directors do not provide any advice or 
recommendations with respect to the PYP tokens, nor do they endorse such 
tokens, nor do they accept any responsibility or liability for any use of this 
White Paper by any person which is in breach of any local regulatory 
requirements with regard to the distribution of this White Paper or any 
applicable rules pertaining to the offer of PYP tokens. 

Statements made in this White Paper are based on the law and practice 
currently in force in Gibraltar and are subject to changes in those laws. 

  4



CONTENT 

I.  Vision 

II.  Concept 

III.  Token Sale 

IV.  Team 

V.  Legal 

  5



 

I. VISION 

  6



LETTER FROM THE CEO 

 

 When Bitcoin emerged as an alternative to 

the current pyramid-shape payment 

network, i t amazed everybody by 

promising a new decentralized payment 

network. However, the Blockchain 

technology was still in its infancy and 

accordingly in a development phase.  

As such blockchain technology was relatively unknown to the wider public.  

Following the launch of Ethereum, the public's understanding of blockchain 

grew, and with this the different applications of the blockchain can be 

applied to. The remarkable feature of the blockchain technology is that it 

can be applied, to name a few, to property ownership, digital identity, 

supply chain, insurance or clinical trials. Thanks to this new understanding 

of the blockchain technology and in particular Smart Contracts I am of the 

view that this technology will eventually be able to create a digital legal 

system. 

This new paradigm is going to create new needs that require new solutions. 

At PayPro, we strongly believe that this future is very close and thus, we 

want to position ourselves in the front line by delivering a solution that will 

ease the switch from the old to the new paradigm. 

This white paper outlines how we believe we will achieve this. 

  7

                     Pablo Ruiz 
                  CEO @PayPro



II. CONCEPT 

  8



WHAT IS PAYPRO? 

PayPro will be a financial marketplace where any Decentralized Application 

(dApp) will be able to offer its services. Thus, dApps will be competing to 

become your supplier, not the other way around as is customary with 

banks. 

In order to accomplish this goal, we are building a universal wallet that will 

be capable of storing the most popular crypto-currencies and any ERC-20 

token. As soon as the wallet has been released, we will build the 

marketplace. 

Once we have built the wallet, a user will be capable of storing to name a 

few, but not limited to ETH, BTC or GAS and use the marketplace for 

investing in a crowdfunding platform. The individual would receive tokens 

from this investment that would also be able to be stored on PayPro's 

wallet. As a result of that, all the crypto-assets and liabilities of an individual 

will be represented in PayPro. 

Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO) 

PayPro’s marketplace will be built as a decentralized autonomous 

organization, also known as DAO. According to David Johnston on “The 

General Theory of Decentralized Applications, Dapps", a Decentralized 

  9

https://github.com/DavidJohnstonCEO/DecentralizedApplications#the-general-theory-of-decentralized-applications-dapps


Application (dApp) must meet some criteria in order to be considered as 

such: 

- The application must be developed open-source, it has to operate 

autonomously and the majority of tokens can not be controlled by a 

single entity. It should be noted that, proposed improvements and 

market feedback may be adapted in the protocol. 

- In order to access the application and to reward any contribution of 

value from miners or contributors, a cryptographic token is 

necessary.  

- Tokens must be generated as proof of the value generated to the 

application. 

- A decentralized Blockchain must be used to store data and records of 

operation in order to avoid any central point of failure. 

However, our application has two features that makes it different from a 

dApp and thus must be established as a DAO; PayPro’s marketplace has 

both internal capital and will also take decisions on its own. Both concepts 

will be further explained and expanded on within the section on Token 

Economics. 

Initial Coin Offering (ICO) 

The PayPro platform has yet to be built. Nevertheless, all the code will be 

open source and we expect the community to assist with its development. 

  10



The ICO will provide the funding to enable us to build the PayPro Platform. 

We are looking forward to starting working with you on this amazing 

project. 

  11



OUR BEGINNINGS 

PayPro was born in 2015 as an online tool for making online payments in 25 

currencies saving up to 90% on hidden bank fees. We were regulated by the 

Financial Conduct Authority in the UK, had two funding rounds of €750,000 

in total and spent a little bit more than a year in the market. We were 

processing up to €500,000, which was similar to the early stages of Kantox 

or Transferwise. 

From that experience, we soon came to the view that the payments / 

banking industry was totally outdated. Thus, we realized that we had to a 

offer a truly disruptive value proposition if we were to change the industry. 

We began  observing and listening to the market and industry experts. We 

then implemented these ideas and tested them; this resulted in the creation 

of the PayPro platform, the first decentralized financial marketplace. 

  12



OUR FUTURE 

In a future where Smart Contracts will be used for many of our daily 

activities, such as using decentralized computer power, trading or insuring a 

car, we believe that banking is also going to be decentralized. 

On the one hand, traditional banking services are being decentralized 

thanks to many initiatives coming from all over the world and being built 

over the Ethereum protocol – some of them can be tracked here: https://

www.stateofthedapps.com. In our view these applications need to be 

offered through a common platform similar to the manner in which Android 

applications are offered in Google Play. 

Users are going to need new forms of storing value due to the exponential 

rise of smart contracts. Our platform will seek to revolutionize the world of 

storing smart contracts and currencies. We will attempt to enable a user to 

store all their smart contracts and currencies in one wallet. This wallet will 

endeavor to represent all the crypto-assets and liabilities of an individual. 

If our marketplace enables a universal crypto-wallet and a financial 

marketplace in the same platform, we will have created the first 

decentralized financial-marketplace where users are able to store and 

manage all their crypto assets, ranging from storing currencies, loans or 

investments.   

  13

https://www.stateofthedapps.com


THE PRODUCT 

We understand that the core functionality of PayPro has to be its capacity to 

store value and spend it. There is no point of storing value if it can not be 

used. For that reason, we will endeavor to build the financial-marketplace 

first. 

Wallet 

 

PayPro will accept most forms of crypto-

currencies. Using Ethereum Protocol will 

allow users to store at least the most popular 

currencies. PayPro Token will be our main 

currency and will be easily exchanged with 

any other currency. 

So far, we have developed an iOS app that 

allows the user to store BTC, but this is just a 

proof of concept made for user experience 

purposes. You can download it on the 

AppStore here: https://itunes.apple.com/us/

app/paypro/id1225181484?l=ca&ls=1&mt=8 

  

  14



Market place (prospective launch July 2018)
 

Users will be able to us their PYP for buying 

any service in the marketplace. These 

services may include loans, credits and 

investments. Once the user has spent its 

PYPs, a new token relating to the service or 

investment that the user has engaged will be 

received and stored on the application as a 

result of using a Smart Contract. For instance, 

if a user wants to invest in a crowdfunding 

platform, he can browse for crowdfunding 

platforms, select a campaign, pay in PYPs and 

store the token received on PayPro. 

Suppliers will be able display their services on 

the marketplace. By using smart contracts, 

we can ensure that all transactions are made 

in a secure and efficient way. All suppliers will 

be rated by the users so the best suppliers 

can be recommended and the worst can be 

ruled out. By implementing this rating system 

we can avoid centralization and thus 

guarantee that services are client-focused. 

  15



Decentralized Application 

 

PayPro monitor service 

 

Watching events        Watching events              Watching events 

 

Smart Contract         Smart Contract    Smart Contract 

 

dApp interaction         dApp interaction   dApp interaction 

 

      Front-end 

 

          dApp Interaction  Notification 

 

          User 

  16



Management of the dApp 

We strongly believe that PayPro has to be completely decentralized 

marketplace. Otherwise, the essence of what a dApp would be broken.  

Only 40% of the PYPs will be issued during this ICO. Although we have been 

asked about the possibility of burning the remaining tokens, we believe that 

would bring the platform to be led by token holders are speculators and are 

not prioritizing our long term goals. As David Jonhston suggests on The 

General Theory of Decentralized Applications, Dapps, the ownership of a 

dApp becomes less and less centralized after having distributed its tokens 

via fund-raising and collaboration. 

Following Jonhston’s explanation on the above—mentioned article, the 

ownership of the dApp is distributed further as participants with more 

diverse skills are incentivized to make valuable contributions. Those who 

value the tokens the most are being transferred with them through market 

forces. This ultimately promotes further the development of the dApp by 

those individuals who can help the most in the areas that they have 

expertise. 

  17

https://github.com/DavidJohnstonCEO/DecentralizedApplications#the-general-theory-of-decentralized-applications-dapps


PAYPRO TOKENS 

PayPro is going to create two type of tokens; PYP and zPYP. 

PYP as a currency 

PayPro Token (PYP) will be the flagship currency in our ecosystem, 

facilitating transactions within the marketplace. The main purpose of PYPs 

is that they will be used for usage;  

Mougayar Test 

William Mougayar is an Ethereum Foundation advisor and advisor to 

Consensus 2016, CoinDesk's flagship conference. He has proposed a set of 

questions to avoid obscurity around a Token and thus determine its 

functionality - every question answered as “YES” provides with 1 point out of 

20: 

1- Is the token tied to a product usage, i.e. does it give the user exclusive access 

to it, or provide interaction rights to the product?  

YES. PYPs are the only currency accepted within the marketplace. 

2- Does the token grant a governance action, like voting on a consensus related 

or other decision-making factor?  

NO. 

  18



3- Does the token enable the user to contribute to a value-adding action for the 

network or market that is being built?  

YES. The token enables the supplier (meaning dApp suppliers) to contribute 

to the marketplace. 

4- Does the token grant an ownership of sorts, whether it is real or a proxy to a 

value?  

NO. 

5- Does the token result in a monetizable reward based on an action by the user 

(active work)?  

YES. Suppliers receive PYPs when their services are sold to users. 

6- Does the token grant the user a value based on sharing or disclosing some 

data about them (passive work)?  

NO. 

7- Is buying something part of the business model?  

YES. The purpose of the marketplace is to offer financial services to users. 

8- Is selling something part of the business model?  

  19



YES. Suppliers will be offering and selling their services to users. 

9- Can users create a new product or service?  

YES. Suppliers can add new dApps to the marketplace. 

10- Is the token required to run a smart contract or to fund an oracle? (an oracle 

is a source of information or data that other a smart contract can use)  

YES. PYPs are the only crypto-currency accepted and hence, Smart 

Contracts must run on PYPs. 

11- Is the token required as a security deposit to secure some aspect of the 

blockchain’s operation?  

NO. 

12- Is the token (or a derivative of it, like a stable coin or gas unit) used to pay 

for some usage?  

YES. All services offered on the marketplace are paid in PYP. 

13- Is the token required to join a network or other related entity?  

YES. Otherwise neither suppliers nor users can not use the marketplace. 

14- Does the token enable a real connection between users?  

  20



YES. Suppliers and users could not be put in connection via Smart Contracts 

without PYPs. 

15- Is the token given away or offered at a discount, as an incentive to 

encourage product trial or usage?  

YES. First tokens to be sold will be at a 35% bonus, so buyers will receive an 

extra 35% coins. 

16- Is the token your principal payment unit, essentially functioning as an 

internal currency?  

YES. All transactions can only be made using PYPs. 

17- Is the token (or derivative of it) the principal accounting unit for all internal 

transactions?  

YES. All transactions are accounted in PYPs. 

18- Does your blockchain autonomously distribute profits to token holders?  

NO. 

19- Does your blockchain autonomously distribute other benefits to token 

holders?  

  21



NO. 

20- Is there a related benefit to your users, resulting from built-in currency 

inflation? 

YES. The number of PYP issued is limited. 

Total points: 15 / 20 

  22



zPYP as a Rating System 

Concept 

PayPro is going to issue a second token named zPYP. Its main purpose is to 

create a decentralized system whereby the community can value the quality 

of the services offered by dApps on the marketplace. The more zPYP a dApp 

has, the better its service. 

Token dynamics 

zPyP can only be acquired by ways of effort. Every time a user will have 

used a the services of a supplier he will be asked to rate the experience. As 

rating can only be positive, a pool will allocate zPYP to the supplier 

depending on the number of points given by the user. Also, the pool will 

reward the user with zPYP. 

  23

PYP zPYP

Purpose Currency Rating

How to get it Exchange Work

How to be used
Buy / Sell on the 

marketplace
Rating

Motivation Money Positioning / Money

Price According to market 1 USD



A dApp can use zPYPs in two different ways; First, the community will prefer 

high value dApps and hence, more clients can hopefully be generated as a 

result of the zPYPs it holds. Second, zPYP can be exchanged for PYP. The 

price of zPYP will be set at a fixed rate of  1 USD. 

Motivation 

PayPro heavily relies on its rating system in order to keep its main 

competitive advantage, which is to offer a user-focused marketplace. 

Therefore, the marketplace needs both the users and the dApps to use 

zPYP. 

dApps will attempt to gain zPYP as this will improve their positioning in the 

marketplace and will generate more income of users. Furthermore, dApps 

can find on zPYP a secondary source of income by exchanging them for PYP. 

Users will be encouraged to rate dApps as they will receive zPYP for doing 

so. As zPYP can be exchanged for PYP, users can monetize their work. 

  24



 

  25

III. TOKEN SALE



TOKEN ECONOMICS 

Token Scheme 

PayPro is going to issue two type of tokens; PYP and zPYP. PYP is the only 

currency accepted within the marketplace. zPYP will be used as a rating 

system within the marketplace. 

Distribution of tokens 

PYP available for purchase via our Initial Coin Offering. Once the market has 

acquired sufficient tokens, we hope these tokens will start trading on 

exchange platform so any individual can have access to them and thus buy 

services on the marketplace. 

zPYP will be allocated to users and dApps from our Pool. The pool will 

initially hold a number of zPYP that will be allocated as a reward for rating 

users and as a reward for getting high ratings to dApps. 

Both users and dApps can exchange on the pool zPYP for PYP, but PYP can 

not exchanged for zPYP. Otherwise the system would be corrupted. 

  26



Workflow: User 

1. User exchanges any crypto-currency, such as Ether or Bitcoin, for PYP on 

an exchange. 

2. User searches for suppliers of the service that he is looking for on the 

marketplace. dApps with the best ratings will be better positioned on the 

marketplace. 

3. User chooses a dApp. 

4. User buys the service that he was looking pays for the service using the  

PayPro tokens. 

5. User receives the service. 

6. User is asked by PayPro to rate the service provided by the dApp. 

7. User rates the dApp. 

8. PayPro’s Pool rewards the user with zPYP for his contribution. 

9. User become loyal as more zPYP is accumulated. 

10.User exchanges zPYP for PYP. 

11.If the user stops transacting, zPYP will be progressively taken back to the 

pool. 

Workflow: dApp 

1. dApp post a service on the marketplace. 

2. A user decides to buy a service from the dApp. 

3. dApp receives PYP from the user for the service the dApp is going to 

provide. 

4. User rates the dApp. 

5. The Pool allocates a number of zPYP to the dApp according to the rating. 

  27



6. The more zPYP the dApp received, the better positioning. 

7. Whenever the dApp decides, it can exchange zPYP for PYP. 

8. dApp decides to improve the service out of the feedback received. 

9. If the dApp stops transacting, zPYP will be progressively taken back to the 

pool.  

Workflow: PayPro Pool 

1. Pool holds zPYP and PYP. 

2. Pool receives PYP from a user buying a service from a dApp. 

3. Pool receives PYP from a dApp selling a service to a user. 

4. Pool receives a rating order from the user. 

5. Pool allocates a number of zPYP to the dApp in accordance with the 

rating. 

6. dApp receives zPYP. 

7. Either the dApp or the user decides to exchange zPYP for PYP and sends a 

sell order to the Pool. 

8. Pool accepted the order at fixed price of 1 zPYP = 1 USD. 

9. Pool sends PYP in exchange of zPYP. 

  28



Complete workflow overview 

Token Allocation 

Rewards to users are always fixed and hence there is no room for further 

consideration, the calculation of zPYP rewarded to dApps plays a critical role 

in order to build a well structured ranking of suppliers. We will use the law 

of Zipf to try and establish the best structured rating and reward system. 

Zipf's so-called law, formulated in the 1940s by George Kingsley Zipf, a 

linguist at Harvard University, is an empirical law according to which in a 

  29



certain language the frequency of occurrence of different words follows a 

distribution that can be approximated by 

 

where Pn represents the frequency of the nth most frequent word and the 

exponent a is a positive real number, in general slightly higher than 1.1 This 

means that the second element will repeat approximately at a frequency of 

1/2 of that of the first , the third element with a frequency of 1/3 and so on. 

A non-empirical, but more precise, law derived from the works of Claude 

Shannon was discovered by Benoît Mandelbrot. The law of Zipf is fulfilled 

for most languages, including for non-natural languages such as Esperanto. 

We have chosen this model for the following reasons; 

• It delivers a fair rating to dApps who have contributed to the marketplace 

by offering a transparent and value-added service that has already been 

proved in real life. 

• It rewards with large amounts of zPYP to those dApps who have 

contributed mostly with great services. 

• It also rewards dApps with low ratings so they still feel encouraged to 

improve and keep working on the marketplace. 

  30



Loyalty Program 

Users will be encouraged to rate dApps by rewarding them with zPYP. As 

zPYP can be exchanged for PYP, users can monetize their work. Therefore, 

the accumulation of zPYP as a way of generating income to the user, will be 

used as a loyalty mechanism. 

  31



TOKEN SALE SUMMARY 

Name     PayPro Token 

Symbol    PYP 

Pre-sale period   January 8th to January 15th, 2017 

Pre-sale terms   Min investment of 15 ETH 

Pre-sale bonus   Bonus of up to 35%  

Main Sale period   January 15th to January 31st

Main sale terms   Min investment of 0.5 ETH 

Main sale bonus   1st 24 hours 20% 

     1st week 15% 
     2nd week 10% 

Exchange rate   1 ETH : 500 PYP 

Limits 20,000 ETH (Hard Cap) 

Accepted currencies  ETH only 

Token holder benefits  Economic rights. 

% of Token sold   40% 

Nationality Anyone except Singapore, Estonia, China 

and the US due to legal restrictions or from 
countries subject to trade sanctions 

imposed by the US. 

  32



TOKEN SALE 

What is a Token Sale? 

When further development is needed by a company, a token created by the 

company can be sold in exchange of funds. 

The benefits of a token sale are two fold; from a company perspective, the 

main advantage of it is that the company gains quicker access to funds than 

via traditional founding routes. From an purchaser perspective, there is a 

larger number of reasons why this method can be more interesting than 

traditional investment; 

- While traditional funding consists of exchanging money for shares, 

which in most cases are not tradable, most tokens can be sold back 

to the market at any moment in time. By doing this, purchasers can 

allocate their resources in more liquid assets. 

- There is an increasing number of individuals purchasing crypto-

currencies and hence, there is a need of generating yield within the 

ecosystem. 

  33



Why an ICO? 

We truly believe PayPro will trigger a global change. We also believe that it 

has to be conceived for the global community for a number of reasons: 

First of all, as a decentralized application its conception must come from the 

community. Even though our organization is going to be its main promoter, 

we also expect support from the community in terms of funding. 

Second of all, we are facing a great challenge in a number fields such as 

technology development, payment networks, strategy, compliance, and 

hence, considerable funding is needed to accomplish our goals. 

Last of all, PayPro Token (PYP) will be the core of our network. PYPs are 

going to be the main crypto-currency of our network and will also be used 

to deal with our partners as well as to charge all services available within 

the network.  

  34



Milestones 

 November 2017 | Proof of concept release: an iOS app capable of  

 holding and spending BTC is released into the market. 

February 2017 | Project Management: we will spend 1 – 2 months on 

planning the development. 

March 2018 | Kick-off: all the necessary hires and collaborations will 

have been done and the development will start.  

May 2018 |Ethereum integration: Ethereum wallet integrated so 

users can store all major tokens in our wallet.  

July 2018 | Marketplace Launch: we will launch a dApp Marketplace 

where all suppliers will be capable to integrate and offer their 

services. 

  35



Token creation 

ERC20 standard is used for all Tokens created on Ethereum. 

20,000 ETH will be placed and 40% worth of all PayPro Tokens will be issued 

in the initial sale.  

The Smart Contract is set so the delivery of PayPro’s Tokens can 

automatically happen right after the ETH are received. 

The allocation of tokens will be as follows: 

- 5% would be distributed out to the community over time as rewards 

for R&D and bounties.  

- 15% is allocated to early purchasers & backers and future 

partnerships.  

- 20% is reserved for the current team and most importantly, the 

future team members’ motivation packages.  

- The final 20% will be held by PayPro, under scrutiny of the 

community, to reach future sustainability through network revenue 

distributions. 

The delivery of PayPro Tokens (PYP) from the Smart Contract will occur 

immediately after the ETH is sent.  

  36



Token sale period 

The token sale will start on January 8th, 2017 at 21:00h GMT and will finish 

on January 31st at 21:00h GMT or before then if the target value of 20,000 

ETH is reached.  

Exchange rates and limits 

PayPro token will be sold at 500 PYPs to 1 ETH. Minimum investment is set 

at 0.5 ETH. 

No other crypto-currencies are accepted. 

Token pre-sale 

A number of tokens will be sold one week before the main sale date. This 

period will be named as the “Pre-sale” period. By participating in the pre-

sale, purchasers will enjoy special bonus, in the form of additional tokens. 

The conditions to join the Pre-sale are:  

- By invitation only; if you want to be invited, please contact any of our 

team members. 

- Minimum commitment of 15 ETH to qualify. 

- The first 600 purchasers will receive a bonus of 35%. 

  37



Bonus 

If an purchaser can not invest in the token pre-sale, he still can enjoy a 

bonus via the following methods: 

- During the first 24 hours, 20% bonus tokens. 

- During the first week, 15% bonus tokens. 

- During the second week, 10% bonus tokens. 

Use of funds 

Development 40% 

The largest part of this investment will be allocated to hiring back-end 

developers (LAMP).  

Growth 30% 

Even though there is going to be a long journey until the product is 

released, we are aware of how difficult is to earn the first users and hence, 

we are saving a large part of the funds raised to invest in growth.  

This amount will be invested in Google Adwords, Facebook Ads and in an 

Affiliate Program. It also includes hiring a top-tier Chief Marketing Officer 

who will be in charge of designing and executing the marketing strategy. 

  38



Other expenses 30% 

Including all payments needed to keep the organization working, such as 

management salaries, rent, utilities, servers or computers. 

 

Token Sale Structure  

Tokens offered through ICO - 

40% 

The funds raised will be used 

to finance the development of 

the platform for the next 4 

years. 

Sustainability reserve - 20% 

The sustainability reserve, 

which, while falling under 

the community’s scrutiny, will be held by PayPro order to seek to achieve 

financial sustainability in the future through distribution of the network’s 

total spend and marketplace revenues.  

  39



Community, R&D & bounties - 5% 

To incentivize the community, as well as brand evangelism, we plan to 

reward community, academic research as well as bug bounties over the 

next 4 years. 

Early purchasers, current & future advisors, partnerships - 15% 

To give liquidity to early purchasers & backers, as well as for future 

partnerships and strategic advisors, we will allocate 15% of total tokens 

offered. Early purchasers, current & future advisors, as well as future 

partnerships will have a 10% token allocation. 

Founders, team & future employee motivation packages - 20% 

We believe that a company is only as strong as its team. Therefore all 

current & future team members will receive motivation packages in the 

form of vested tokens. These will all be vested according to the employee’s 

position/ scope. 

  40



Our collaboration with Bancor 

PYP will be listed on Bancor 25 days after the ICO ends. By integrating the 

Bancor Protocol, PYP token holders will gain access to continuous liquidity 

regardless of trade volume or exchange listings, through the Bancor 

Network, where any integrated token can be automatically converted to any 

other directly from any Web3 wallet, such as MetaMask. Currently 

integrated tokens include ETH, BNT (the Bancor Network Token), GNO 

(Gnosis), STX (Stox), Storm (STORM), OmiseGo (OMG) and a long list of 

announced projects soon to be activated. 

 

Bancor Protocol™ is a standard for the 

c r e a t i o n o f S m a r t To k e n s ™ , 

c ryptocurrenc ies w i th bu i l t - in 

convertibility directly through their 

smart contracts. Bancor utilizes an 

innovative token “connector” method 

to enable formulaic price calculation and continuous liquidity for all 

compliant tokens, without needing to match two parties in an exchange. 

Smart Tokens interconnect to form token liquidity networks, allowing user-

generated cryptocurrencies to thrive. For more information, visit the 

website and read the Bancor Protocol™ White paper. 

  41

https://about.bancor.network/


 

  42

IV. PAYPRO TEAM



V. TEAM AND ADVISORS 

Get to know our team! 

Pablo Ruiz, CEO 

#2 company started up                         

 LinkedIn  |   Twitter 

Gabriel Llambias, CFO 

Blockchain geek              

 LinkedIn   |   Twitter 

Enric Giribet, CTO 

Blockchain expert 

LinkedIn 

                    Josep Sanjuas, Technical Advisor 

                   ConsenSys Ethereum Developer 

                   LinkedIn 

               

                   Roger Baiget, Developer 

                   Engineer 

                   LinkedIn 

                                                          

  43

https://www.linkedin.com/in/ruizferrer/
https://twitter.com/RealPabloRuiz
https://www.linkedin.com/in/gllambias/
https://twitter.com/g_llambias
https://www.linkedin.com/in/enricgiribet/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jsanjuas/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rogerbaiget/


Our team of advisors 

                              

      David Murray - Advisor    Wayra Telefónica - Advisor  

     MBA Class Advisor @IE Business School    Accelerator & investor @PayPro 

                            LinkedIn                                                                      Website 

  

                       Félix Fuertes - Advisor             Luis Font - Advisor 

             Co-founder @CryptoInvest                                   2 companies exited 

                           LinkedIn                                                                         LinkedIn                        

               

                     Rafael Conde - Advisor                 Franc Carreras - Advisor 

 Director of Innovation @Vector ITC Group  Marketing Prof. @ESADE 

                             LinkedIn                          LinkedIn 

       

                       Josef Salcman - Advisor                 

            Co-founder @CryptoInvest   

                            LinkedIn                   

  44

http://www.apple.es
https://www.openfuture.org/en
https://www.linkedin.com/in/felixfuertes1/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/luisfont/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rafaconde/?ppe=1
https://www.linkedin.com/in/franccarreras/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/josef-salcman-47760425/


PRESS 

 

“The latest news from PayPro; a new step towards disrupting the banking 

industry.” 

Link: https://cincodias.elpais.com/cincodias/2017/07/28/companias/1501226756_414254.html 

 

Interview on Spanish Television 

Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUyNcmQFwq8&t=165s 

 

Interview for “Finance Magnates” 

Link: https://www.financemagnates.com/fintech/payments/the-paypro-closes-funding-round/ 

 

Interview for “Economía Digital” 

Link: https://www.economiadigital.es/estrategias-de-exito/the-paypro-crea-una-plataforma-low-cost-para-

cambiar-divisas_182979_102.html 

  45



 

  46

V. LEGAL



COMPANY SECTION 

 

THE PAYPROAPP LIMITED is a private 

company limited by shares and 

incorporated in Gibraltar in accordance 

with the Companies Act 1930 and with 

registration number 116733. 

We have chosen to establish in 

Gibraltar given our understanding that 

the jurisdiction is crypto-friendly. On 

the 1st January 2018 the distributed 

ledger technology (DLT) framework 

came into effect. This means that firms 

in Gibraltar, that use DLT to store or 

transmit value belonging to others, 

now have to apply for a licence from 

the Gibraltar Financial Services 

Commission. Gibraltar is the first 

jurisdiction to introduce a DLT regulatory framework. Whilst this does not 

apply to ICOs, we understand that Her Majesty’s Government of Gibraltar 

intends on publishing complementary Regulations for ICOs in the very near 

future. We are of the view that better governance will help token sales to 

continue to gain traction as an important funding model and we are 

therefore delighted to have established in Gibraltar. 

The director of THE PAYPROAPP LIMITED is Pablo Ruiz. 

  47



TOKEN PURCHASE  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THE “TERMS”) ARE THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS ON WHICH THE PAYPROAPP LIMITED (THE “COMPANY”) 
OFFER THE PAYPRO TOKEN (“PYP”) (DEFINED BELOW) AND ON WHICH THE 
BUYER (THE “BUYER” AND/OR “YOU”) HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THE TERMS 
ON WHICH THE PYP ARE OFFERED AND PURCHASED. 

THE PYP TOKEN WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE TO INDIVIDUALS OR ENTITIES 
THAT ARE ORDINARILY RESIDENT IN OR CITIZENS OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA, THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA, SINGAPORE, SOUTH 
KOREA OR ESTONIA.  

IF YOU ARE CITIZEN, RESIDENT OF, OR A PERSON LOCATED OR DOMICILED 
IN, THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
(INCLUDING ITS STATES, TERRITORIES OR ANY ENTITY, INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CORPORATION OR PARTNERSHIP CREATED OR 
ORGANIZED IN OR UNDER THE LAWS OF UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR 
THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA, RESPECTIVELY), SOUTH KOREA, 
ESTONIA, OR SINGAPORE DO NOT PURCHASE OR ATTEMPT TO PURCHASE 
PYP TOKENS. 

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY. BY MAKING A CONTRIBUTION TO 
THE COMPANY FOR THE PURCHASE OF ANY PYP FROM THE COMPANY 
DURING THE CONTRIBUTION PERIOD (AS DEFINED BELOW), YOU WILL BE 
BOUND BY THESE TERMS. THESE TERMS ARE TO BE READ SUBJECT TO AND 
IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE WHITEPAPER (AS DEFINED BELOW). 

BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS, YOU WILL BE ENTERING INTO A BINDING 

AGREEMENT WITH THE COMPANY. THESE TERMS CONTAIN PROVISIONS 
WHICH AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS.  NOTE THAT CLAUSE 13 CONTAINS A 

BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, 

DO NOT MAKE A CONTRIBUTION FOR THE PURCHASE OF PYP AND 
NAVIGATE AWAY FROM THE WEBSITE (AS DEFINED BELOW). 

  48



1. The Company 

1. The Company is incorporated and registered in Gibraltar with 
registration number 116733. 

2. The Company is the creator and owner of the PYP. 

3. The Company is willing to offer the PYP subject to the Terms. 

4. The Company may be contacted via email at info@thepaypro.com. 

2. Definitions 

2.1. In these Terms, the following words shall have the following 
definitions: 

PYP means the digital token generated and distributed by 
the Company on the Ethereum ledger in accordance 
with ERC-20 standard.

Buyer
means a person who makes a Contribution and is not 
an Ineligible Applicant. 

Contribution
means the contribution made by the Buyer to the 
Company for the PYP. 

C o n t r i b u t i o n 
Period means the designated period within which PYP can be 

purchased from the Company and more particularly 
detailed in the Whitepaper. 

  49



Data Controller
means a “data controller” as defined in the Data 
Protection Act 2004.  

Data Subject
means a “data subject” as defined in the Data 
Protection Act 2004. 

Ethereum 
means the decentralized online platform that enables 
smart contracts and distributed applications to be built 
and run on a blockchain. 

ICO
means the initial coin offering by the Company of PYP.

I n e l i g i b l e 
Applicant means a citizen, resident of, or a person located or 

domiciled in, the United States of America, the 
People’s Republic of China (including its states, 
territories or any entity, including, without limitation, 
any corporation or partnership created or organized in 
or under the laws of the United States of America or 
the People’s Republic of China, respectively), Estonia, 
Singapore or South Korea.

Insolvent
means “insolvent” as defined in the Insolvency Act 
2011. 

I n t e l l e c t u a l 
Property means any and all patents, rights to inventions, 

copyright and related rights, moral rights, trademarks, 
business names and domain names, rights in get-up 
and trade dress, goodwill and the right to sue for 
passing off or unfair competition, rights in designs, 
database rights, rights to use, and protect the 
confidentiality of, confidential information (including 
know-how and trade secrets), and all other intellectual 
property rights, in each case whether registered or 
unregistered and including all applications and rights 
to apply for and be granted, renewals or extensions of, 
and rights to claim priority from, such rights and all 
similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection 
which subsist or will subsist now or in the future in any 
part of the world. 

KYC
means know your client and customer due diligence 
procedures in accordance with the Drugs Trafficking 
Offences Act and the Proceeds of Crime Act 2015.

  50



2.2. Unless otherwise stated, all references to a legislative provision shall 
be construed as including references to: 

Personal Data
means “personal data” as defined in the Data 
Protection Act 2004. 

Tax
means all forms of taxation, duties, imports, levies, 
withholding, taxes, rates and charges of whatsoever 
nature whether in Gibraltar or elsewhere in any part of 
the world wherever or whenever, created or imposed 
and includes (without limitation) corporation tax, 
advance corporation tax, income tax, VAT, customs 
and other import duties, excise duties, stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax, stamp duty land tax, capital 
duty, social insurance contributions, foreign taxation 
and any payment whatsoever which any party may be 
or become bound to make to any authority in any 
jurisdiction where he resides and/or carries on 
business.

Third Party Claims
means the defined in clause 8.

Token Distribution
means the distribution of PYP by the Company.

Token Offerings
means each of the: 

(a) Pre - ICO; and 

(b) Main - ICO, 

as detailed in the Whitepaper.

Warranties
means the warranties in schedule 1 to these Terms.

Website
means the Company’s website: www.payproapp.com 
 

Whitepaper
means the whitepaper issued by the Company on 7th 
January 2018 in which the Company details the terms 
of each of its Token Offerings and can be found on the 
Website. 

  51

http://www.payproapp.com


(a) Legislative provisions in Gibraltar; 

(b) any legislative provision which modifies, consolidates, re-enacts 
or supersedes it; 

(c) any subordinate and/or subsidiary legislation; 

(d) any legislative provisions of which it is a consolidation, re-
enactment or modification pursuant to it. 

2.3. Except where the context otherwise requires, words denoting the 
singular include the plural and vice versa; references to a “person” 
include any individual, firm, partnership, association, joint venture, 
state, agency of state, unincorporated association or body corporate 
(whether or not having a separate legal personality); references to 
any gender include all genders. 

2.4. Unless otherwise stated, a reference to a Clause, sub Clause or 
Schedule is a reference to a clause or sub clause of, or a schedule to, 
these Terms. 

2.5. Clause headings are for ease of reference only and shall not affect 
the construction of these Terms. 

2.6. A reference to: 

(a) any Party includes its successors in title and permitted assigns; 
and 

  52



(b) any provision of this agreement is to that provision as amended 
in accordance with the terms of this agreement. 

2.7. General words shall not be given a restrictive meaning: 

(a) if they are introduced by the word “other” by reason of the fact 
that they are proceeded by words indicating a particular class of 
act, matter or thing; or 

(b) by reason of the fact that they are followed by particular 
examples intended to be embraced by those general words. 

2.8. The ejusdem generis rule shall not apply so that general words shall 
not be given a restrictive interpretation by reason of their being 
preceded or followed by words indicating a particular class of acts, 
matters, circumstances or things. 

2.9. The Schedule forms part of these Terms and shall have effect as if 
set out in the full body of these Terms; any reference to this 
agreement these Terms includes the Schedule. 

2.10. Words such as “hereunder”, “hereto”, “hereof” and “herein” and 
other words commencing with “here” shall unless the context clearly 
indicates to the contrary refer to the whole of this agreement and 
not to any particular section, clause or paragraph hereof. 

  53



3. Scope of Terms 

These Terms (including any terms incorporated by reference) govern the 
terms of your Contribution to the Company for the purchase of PYP during 
the Contribution Period. 

4. Allocation of Tokens 

4.1. Subject to the Terms, the Company shall allocate and distribute the 
PYP to the Buyer as more particularly detailed in the Whitepaper. The 
Company shall, from time to time, provide on the Website procedures 
and other instructions for purchasing PYP. 

4.2. The Buyer shall follow the procedures set forth by the Company on the 
Website for purchasing the PYP. 

4.3. The Buyer shall provide the Company with a digital wallet address to 
which the Company shall distribute PYP upon receipt of the Buyer’s 
Contribution.  

5. Nature of PYP 

5.1. The purchase of the PYP by the Buyer:  

(a) shall not provide the Buyer with any rights in respect of the 
Company or its revenues or assets, voting, distribution, 
redemption, liquidation, property (including all forms of 
Intellectual Property), or other financial or legal rights; 

  54



(b) shall not be deemed to be a loan, security and/or other form of 
debt finance to the Company;  

(c) shall not provide the Buyer with any equity, ownership (whether 
legal or beneficial) and/or other any other interest in the 
Company and/or the Project;  

(d) shall not entitle the Buyer to the provision of any goods or 
services by the Company; and/or 

(e) shall not constitute any form of money or legal tender (or 
representation thereof) in any jurisdiction;  

(f) shall not constitute a “financial instrument” as defined in the 
Financial Services (Markets and Financial Instruments) Act 2006 or 
“investments” as defined in schedule 1 of the Financial Services 
(Investment and Fiduciary Services) Act 1989. 

5.2. The Company shall retain all rights, title and interest in all of the 
Company’s Intellectual Property, and the Buyer shall not use any of the 
Company’s Intellectual Property for any reason without the Company’s 
prior written consent. 

5.3. The Company makes no warranties or representations and offers no 
assurances (in each case whether express or implied) that PYP shall 
confer any actual and/or exercisable rights of use, functionality, 
features, purpose or attributes. 

  55



6. Buyer Warranties 

By participating in and purchasing the PYP, you hereby warrant and 
represent that each Warranty is true, accurate and not misleading. 

7. Know your Client 

7.1. Before you are able to make a Contribution, or at any time after 
making a Contribution, the Company may at its sole and absolute 
discretion: 

(a) request that you provide certain information and documentation 
for the purposes of complying with any KYC or similar obligations 
to which the Company may be subject; and 

(b) request and obtain certain other information about you in order 
to comply with applicable laws and regulations in to which the 
Company may be subject in connection with the distribution of 
PYP to you; and 

(c) assess the risk of the Ethereum wallet address (or addresses) 
provided by you. 

7.2  You agree that you shall, upon the Company’s request, promptly 
supply such information and documentation as may be reasonably 
requested by us to: 

(a) carry out, to our satisfaction, all necessary KYC and/or any 
analogous checks; and 

  56



(b) ensure, to our satisfaction, that we have complied with all 
applicable laws and regulations in connection with the 
distribution of PYP. 

7.3  You acknowledge and accept that we may refuse, reject or refund any 
contributions for the purchase of PYP (subject to any deductions due 
to transactional fees associated with the refund) until you provide all 
information and documentation that we may request under this clause 
7 and we have determined that it is acceptable to allocate PYP to you 
under applicable law and/or the Company’s risk appetite. 

8. Indemnity 

8.1  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you hereby agree that 
you shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless and reimburse the 
Company from and against any and all claims, actions, proceedings, 
claims, damages, demands, actions, losses, costs and expenses 
(including without limitation legal or other professional associated 
costs), incurred by the Company arising from or in connection with:   

(a) your purchase or use of PYP;  

(b) your responsibilities or obligations under these Terms;  

(c) your breach of these Terms;  

(d) any inaccuracy in any representation or Warranty by you;  

(e) your breach of any rights of any other person or entity. 

(together, “Third Party Claims”). 

  57



8.2  The Buyer warrants that it shall delegate the  conduct  of any legal 
proceedings (including any arbitration, negotiation or analogous 
proceedings) in respect of the Third Party Claim to the Company.  

9. Limitation of liability 

9.1  To the extent permitted by law, the Company shall not be liable for any 
direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive, or multiple 
damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly 
or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill arising from or in 
connection with: 

(a) the purchase of PYP by you; 

(b) the storage of PYP purchased by you; 

(c) the use of PYP by you; and/or 

(d) your access to the Website. 

9.2  The aggregate liability of the Company for any claims arising from or in 
connection with these Terms, whether in contract, tort (including 
negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise shall be limited to 
the lesser of: 

(a) an amount equal to the Contribution; or 

(b) £5000. 

9.1. Nothing in this clause shall exclude or limit the liability of the Company 
for dishonesty, fraud, wilful misconduct or wilful neglect by the 
Company. 

  58



10. Taxation 

10.1  You are solely responsible for determining whether your Contribution 
to the Company for the purposes described herein, the creation, 
ownership, use, sale or transfer of PYP, the potential appreciation or 
depreciation in the value of PYP over time (if any), the allocation of PYP 
and/or any other action or transaction contemplated by these Terms 
will give rise to any Tax liability. 

10.2 You are also solely responsible for withholding, collecting, reporting, 
paying, settling and/or remitting any and all Tax to the competent tax 
authorities in the jurisdiction(s) in which you may be liable to pay tax. 
The Company shall not be responsible for withholding, collecting, 
reporting, paying, settling and/or remitting any Tax (including, but not 
limited to, any income, capital gains, sales, value added or similar tax) 
which may arise from your contribution and acquisition of PYP and/or 
in connection with these Terms. 

11. Data Protection 

11.1 The Buyer and the Company hereby confirm that in the provision of 
KYC documents, the Company will be the data controller and the Buyer 
the data subject. 

11.2 The Buyer consents to the Company processing Personal Data relating 
to the Buyer for legal, administrative or administration and 
management purposes and consents to the Company making such 
information available to any third party who provides products or 
services to the Company, regulatory authorities and as may be 
required by law.   

  59



11.3 The Company will keep a record of any processing of Personal Data  it 
carries out on behalf of the Buyer. 

11.4 At your request, the Company shall provide you with a copy of all 
Personal Data held by it in the format and on the media reasonably 
specified by you. 

11.5 You acknowledge, accept, represent and warrant that, in accepting 
these Terms, you are irrevocably consenting to the ability of the 
Company to process and/or transfer your Personal Data outside of the 
European Economic Community. 

12. Notices 

12.1 Any notice or other communication given to a party under or in 
connection with this agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by 
email: 

 (a) in the case of the Company to the address info@thepaypro.com; 

 (b) in the case of the Buyer to the address held on record by the 
Company for the Buyer. 

12.2 A notice sent in accordance with clause 12.1 shall be deemed to have 
been received at the time of transmission.  

12.3 This clause does not apply to the service of any proceedings or other 
documents in any legal action or, where applicable, any arbitration or 
other method of dispute resolution.  

  60



13. Dispute Resolution and Arbitration 

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING CLAUSE CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT CONTAINS 
CERTAIN PROVISIONS, SUCH AS A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND 
CLASS ACTION WAIVER, WHICH AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. THIS CLAUSE 
REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE CERTAIN DISPUTES AND CLAIMS WITH THE 
COMPANY AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF 
FROM US. 

13.1  Subject to clause 13.2, the Parties agree that any claims, suits, actions, 
causes of action, demands or proceedings (collectively, “Disputes”) 
shall first seek settlement of the Disputes by mediation in accordance 
with the London Court of International Arbitration Rules (the “Rules”), 
which are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this clause. If 
Disputes are not settled by mediation within 28 business days of 
commencement of the mediation, or such further period as the parties 
shall agree in writing, the dispute shall be referred to and finally 
resolved by arbitration under the Rules, which Rules are deemed to be 
incorporated by reference into this clause.  

13.2 Clause 13.1 shall not apply to Disputes in which the Company seeks 
injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of 
Intellectual Property. 

13.1.Any Dispute arising out from or in connection with these Terms are 
personal to you and the Buyer will not be able to engage with any third 
party for the purposes of bringing a joint action against the Company 
with any other third parties in connection with these Terms. 

13.2.Any mediation and arbitration brought by any party in connection with 
these Terms shall take place in Gibraltar and shall be conducted in 
English. 

13.3.The arbitration shall be conducted by an independent third party 
appointed in accordance with the Rules. 

  61



14. Severance 

If any provision or part-provision of this agreement is or becomes invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable, it shall be deemed modified to the minimum 
extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable. If such modification 
is not possible, the relevant provision or part-provision shall be deemed 
deleted. Any modification to or deletion of a provision or part-provision 
under this clause shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of 
this agreement 

15. Amendments 

We may amend these Terms from time to time, including where there are 
changes to the intended functionality of PYP or as may be otherwise 
required by any laws or regulatory requirements to which we are subject. If 
we make any amendments to these Terms, we will publish a notice together 
with the updated Terms on the Website and we will change the “Last 
Updated” date at the top of these Terms. Any amended Terms shall become 
effective immediately upon the publication of such notice and updated 
Terms on the Website.  

16. No Partnership or Agency 

The Parties confirm that they are acting on their own and that nothing in 
these Terms is intended to, or shall be deemed to, establish any partnership 
or joint venture between any of the parties, constitute any party the agent 
of another party, or authorise any party to make or enter into any 
commitments for or on behalf of any other party. 

  62



17. Language 

These Terms and the Whitepaper have been drafted and presented in the 
English language and the English version of these terms shall prevail over 
any translation of the same. 

18. Rights and Remedies 

The rights and remedies provided for under these terms are in addition to 
and not exclusive to any rights or remedies provided by law. 

19. Force Majeure 

Neither Party shall be in breach of these Terms nor liable for delay in 
performing, or failure to perform, any of their respective obligations under 
these Terms if such delay or failure results from events, circumstances or 
causes beyond its reasonable control. In such circumstances the affected 
party shall be entitled to a reasonable extension of the time for performing 
such obligations.  

20. Third Party Rights 

This agreement does not give rise to any rights of third parties. 

21. Governing law 

These Terms, the Whitepaper and any Dispute arising from or in connection 
with them with it or its subject matter or formation shall be governed by 

  63



and construed in accordance with the law of Gibraltar and the Courts of 
Gibraltar shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim 
arising out of or in connection with this agreement or its subject matter or 
formation.  

  64



Schedule 1 

THE BUYERS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

In purchasing the PYP, you irrevocably represent and warrant that: 

1. you have read and understood these Terms; 

2. you have read and understood the Whitepaper; 

3. you have the necessary authority to accept and enter into these Terms 
and perform the obligations contained herein; 

4. the acceptance of these Terms and the entry into a binding agreement 
with the Company shall not result in any breach of, be in conflict with, 
or constitute a material default under:   

(a) any provision of the Buyer’s constitutional documents (in the case 
of a body corporate);  

(b) any provision of any judgment, decree or order imposed on you by 
any court of competent jurisdiction, governmental authority and/or 
regulatory authority; and/or 

(c) any material agreement, obligation, duty or commitment to which 
you are a party or are bound; 

5. you are not an Ineligible Applicant. 

6. you have sufficient understanding of the functionality, usage, storage, 
transmission mechanisms and intricacies associated with 
cryptographic tokens, token storage facilities (including digital token 
wallets), distributed ledger technology, blockchain technology and 
analogous systems; 

7. you have obtained sufficient information about the potential future 
use and functionality of PYP to make an informed decision to purchase 
the PYP; 

  65



8. you understand that PYP confer only a limited potential future right or 
expectation to use and interact with the Company as more particularly 
described in the Whitepaper, and that PYP does not confer any other 
rights of any kind with respect to the Company, including, but not 
limited to, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary 
(including all forms of intellectual property rights), or other financial or 
legal rights.  

9. where the Buyer is an individual, you are at least 18 years of age and 
have sufficient legal capacity to accept these Terms and to enter into a 
binding agreement with the Company; 

10. where the Buyer making a contribution for the purchase of PYP is a 
corporate entity, such entity is duly incorporated, registered and validly 
existing under the applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which it is 
incorporated; 

11. where the Buyer is a body corporate, the individual(s) acting on its 
behalf have been duly authorised in accordance with that body 
corporate’s constitutional documents to accept these Terms and enter 
into a binding agreement with the Company for and on behalf of the 
body corporate; 

12. you are making a contribution for the purchase of PYP to potentially 
use and interact with the Company at a future point in time and is not 
making a contribution under these Terms for any other use or 
purpose; 

13. any contribution to be made by you for the purchase of PYP is not 
derived from or related to any unlawful activities; 

14. you shall not use PYP to finance, engage in, or otherwise support any 
unlawful activities; 

15. the contribution shall be transferred to the Company from an 
Ethereum wallet that: 
 

(a)  is registered to the Buyer and that the Buyer is the owner of the 
private key of the Ethereum wallet; and  

  66



(b) is not located in or that is not registered in the name of a person 
located in or resident of any country or territory that has been 
designated by the Financial Action Task Force as a “non-cooperative 
country or territory” (a “Prohibited Jurisdiction”); 

15. making a contribution and receiving PYP under these Terms is not 
unlawful or prohibited under the laws of your jurisdiction or under the 
laws of any other jurisdiction to which you may be subject and any 
contribution shall be made in full compliance with applicable laws; 

16. you are not a citizen of or resident or domiciled or, in the case of a 
body corporate, incorporated or registered in a Prohibited Jurisdiction 
or making a contribution for the purchase of PYP from a location in a 
Prohibited Jurisdiction; 

17. you are not the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by 
any country, government or international authority nor are you 
resident or established (in the case of a corporate entity) in a country 
or territory that is the subject of a country-wide or territory-wide 
sanctions by any Government and/or regulatory authority; 

18. you will comply with any and all Tax obligations in your jurisdiction of 
domicile and/or incorporation/registration (in the case of a body 
corporate); 

19. you are not Insolvent. 
  

20. you understand and accept the risks of participating in token 
generation events relating to early stage blockchain start-up 
businesses and acknowledge that these risks are substantial.  

  67



RISK FACTORS 

THIS SECTION ON RISK FACTORS IS NOT AND DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A 
COMPLETE ENUMERATION OR EXPLANATION OF THE RISKS INVOLVED WITH 
THE PURCHASE OF PYP. THERE MAY BE ADDITIONAL MATERIAL RISKS THAT 
THE DIRECTORS DO NOT CURRENTLY CONSIDER TO BE MATERIAL OR OF 
WHICH THE DIRECTORS ARE NOT AWARE. THE FOLLOWING THEREFORE 
HIGHLIGHTS CERTAIN RISKS TO WHICH THE COMPANY IS SUBJECT TO AND 
WHICH THE COMPANY WISHES TO ENCOURAGE PURCHASER TO DISCUSS 
WITH THEIR OWN PROFESSIONAL ADVISORS. 

Prospective PYP purchasers should conduct such independent investigation 
and analysis regarding this Company, the PYP and all other relevant market 
and economic factors as they deem appropriate to fully evaluate the merits 
and risk of their purchase. 

The Company and its Directors disclaim any responsibility to advise 
purchasers of PYP of the risk and considerations associated with the 
purchase of PYP as they exist at the date hereof or from time to time 
hereinafter. 

Each prospective purchaser of any PYP must determine, based on his/her 
own independent review and such professional advice (including, without 
limitation, tax, accounting, credit, legal and regulatory advice) as it deems 
appropriate, that the purchase of PYP is appropriate and suitable for it, 
notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent with the purchase 
of PYP. 

You should consult with your own legal, regulatory, tax, business, 
investment, financial and accounting professional advisors to the extent 
that you deem it necessary, and make your own decisions including 
decisions regarding the suitability of this purchase based upon your own 
judgement and upon advice from such professional advisors as you deem 
necessary and not upon any view expressed by any party mentioned in this 
Whitepaper.  

The purchaser of a PYP should be capable of evaluating the merits and risks 
of such a purchase and should have sufficient resources to be able to bear 
any losses (which may be equal to the whole purchased amount) that may 
result from such a purchase. Prospective purchasers of PYP should be 
aware that the value of PYP may go down as well as up and that they may 

  68



not be able realise their purchase amount on the secondary market (if there 
is any).  

Forward looking statements 

Certain statements in this whitepaper constitute “forward looking 
statements” that are used on the beliefs of the Directors and reflect their 
current expectations. When used in this whitepaper or in any of the 
Company’s material, the words “estimate”, “project”, “believe”, “anticipate”, 
“intend”, “expect”, “plan”, “predict”, “may”, “should”, “would”, “will”, the 
negative of these words or such other variations thereon or comparable 
terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such 
statements reflect the views of the Directors at the time the statements are 
made with respect to future events based on information available at that 
time, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those contemplated in those forward-
looking statements. The Directors assume no obligation to update or revise 
these statements to reflect current information, events, or circumstances, 
including changes in any risks or uncertainties that may impact them. 

Management Risk  

If any of the directors or officers of the Company cease to participate in the 
operation of the Company, the operations, objectives and activities of the 
Company may be adversely affected. 

Liquidity of PYP 

As at the date of this whitepaper, there is no active secondary market for 
the PYP. Whilst the Directors hope that the success of the Company will lead 
to a secondary market developing, there is no guarantee or assurance that 
a public market will ever develop. There is often no assurance that a 
purchaser of the PYP will be able to sell or dispose of the PYP.  

Changes in Applicable Law and Regulation  

The Directors believe that it is possible that emergency intervention by 
certain Governments may take place in the future in respect of ICOs. Such 
intervention may be implemented on an “emergency” basis, subjecting 
market participants without notice to a set of regulations which in some 
cases may be unclear in scope and in application.  

  69



Should any relevant laws or regulations change, the legal requirements to 
which the Company and the PYP may be subject could differ materially from 
current requirements. No assurance can be given that future legislation, 
administrative rulings or court decisions will not adversely affect the 
Company and the PYP.  

The Company may be subject to a number of unusual risks, including 
contradictory legislation, incomplete, unclear and changing laws, ignorance 
or breaches of regulations on the part of other market participants, lack of 
established or effective avenues for legal redress, lack of standard practices 
and confidentiality customs characteristic of developed markets and lack of 
enforcement of existing regulations.  

Early Stage Companies 

The Company is a start-up and has no operating history against which 
purchasers of the PYP may consider the appropriateness of purchasing the 
PYP.  

Many risks and uncertainties affect start-up and early stage companies, 
which often have very limited operating history, profits or cash flow. There 
can be no assurance of the success of such enterprises. Their potential 
must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, 
complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with new or 
developing businesses, including technology risks, unproven business 
models, untested plans, uncertain market acceptance, competition and lack 
of revenues and financing. 

The technological fields and markets that many start-up and early stage 
companies address have undergone and are expected to continue to 
undergo rapid and significant change. Rapid technological developments 
may result in the technology of companies becoming obsolete, 
uneconomical or uncompetitive before any commercial success or financial 
return can be achieved. Numerous other risks may affect developing 
companies and ventures, including risks that products or services will be 
found to be ineffective, unreliable, unsafe or uncompetitive and risks that 
such companies' technologies, products or service will not achieve market 
acceptance or penetration. Market acceptance of new products, services or 
technologies depends on many factors and uncertainties and cannot be 
assured.  

  70



Start-up and early stage companies may compete with entities that have 
established businesses, relationships and positions in the market and that 
have much more substantial financial, business, technological, marketing 
and distribution assets, operations and resources. There can be no 
assurance that any developing company will be able to compete 
successfully with more established companies. 

These companies may be overly dependent on the vision, skill and 
leadership of a single or limited number of executives. In a start-up 
business, the loss or disability of a key person(s) can result in significant 
financial hardship, in some cases the failure of the company.  More than 
other businesses, start-ups are highly dependent on the skills and 
contributions of very few key employees 

Any projections, forecasts, plans or other forward-looking statements are 
subject to numerous risks, uncertainties, changing circumstances and other 
factors that could cause actual results, performance, plans, prospects, 
operations and opportunities to differ materially from any forward-looking 
statements, including competition, inability to identify and do business with 
appropriate customers, existing and future law and regulations, liabilities 
under the securities laws, inability to hire, retain or qualify sufficient 
management and staff, general economic conditions, rapid technological 
change, cost overruns, delays in bringing products or services to market, 
marketing failures, difficulty in penetrating markets, delays or failures in 
developing anticipated capabilities, products or services, failure to obtain 
necessary regulatory approvals, insufficient funding, lack of availability of 
capital, rates of economic growth, levels of consumer and business 
spending, conditions in the technology and financial industries, dependence 
on strategic partners and business relationships, unproven business 
models, adverse developments affecting customers and end-users, 
fluctuations in securities markets and valuations, limited marketing, 
expansion risks, losses and costs, uncertain revenues and profitability, 
conditions in particular industries, accounting problems, costs, delays and 
liabilities arising from legal proceedings, failure to obtain and maintain 
intellectual property or proprietary rights and management failures. 

Gibraltar 

Gibraltar is a British Overseas Territory. It is part of the EU, having joined the 
European Economic Community with the United Kingdom in 1973 by virtue 

  71



of Article 355(3) (ex Article 299(4)) which applies the treaty to "the European 
territories for whose external relations a Member State is responsible", a 
provision which in practice only applies to Gibraltar.  

The UK voted to leave the EU on the 23rd June 2016. Article 50 has been 
triggered but no agreement has been made as to the relationship between 
the UK and the EU. It is not yet clear whether any agreement will include 
Gibraltar. 

The Kingdom of Spain has not conceded its claim to sovereignty over 
Gibraltar. There can be no assurance or certainty as to the outcome of any 
future discussions on the question of Gibraltar's sovereignty, nor of how 
any change of sovereignty would affect the regulation and taxation of 
entities incorporated or operating in or from within Gibraltar.  

The above could impact on the Company’s ability to undertake business in 
or from within Gibraltar. 

Banking and custody arrangements 

The Company’s cash will be held by a bank. The Company acknowledges 
that any such deposits are not guaranteed by the bank and are exposed to 
losses incurred in the event of the insolvency or failure of the bank. The 
Company will take credit risk against any party which is holding its cash. The 
Company will therefore rank as a general unsecured creditor in the event of 
the insolvency or failure of the bank with which deposits or instruments 
have been placed. 
Regulatory Supervision 

The Company and the PYP are not regulated by the Gibraltar Financial 
Services Commission or any other regulatory or supervisory authority. The 
Gibraltar Financial Services Commission does not vouch for the financial 
soundness of the Company, the PYP or for the correctness of any 
statements made, or opinions expressed with regards to it. 

Cybersecurity 

Cybersecurity threats are present within the realms of cryptocurrencies. 
There is a risk of loss of funds, including a total loss, should an 
unauthorised intrusion or theft occur.  

  72



Whilst the Company has considered its cybersecurity, risks related to 
software weakness, human error, external attacks and others, continue to 
exist and pose a material risk to the Company and the value of the PYP. 

Ethereum Network 

The PYP is a part of the Ethereum network. If problems related to the 
Ethereum network normal functionality arise, this may affect the PYP 
functionality and may adversely affect the Company and the vale of the PYP.  

THE FOREGOING RISK FACTORS DO NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE 
EXPLANATION OF THE RISKS INVOLVED WITH THE COMPANY AND THE PYP.  

  73



CONTACT US 

 

 Medium 

 

Facebook 

 

Twitter | @thepaypro 

 

Telegram | Direct: @payproapp | Channel: @payproico 

 

 BitcoinTalk 

  74

https://medium.com/@pablo_38603
http://facebook.com/thepaypro
https://twitter.com/thepaypro
https://t.me/joinchat/Fra65A8KMffDRFyCNpjSTQ
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2441624


 

THEPAYPRO APP LTD. 2018 

  75


