





























Peerbanks Corporation

Peerbanks
(IRA)

It is the first asset designed for the use of plans retirement or pension funds worldwide



Peerbanks Corporation

(Asset for be used on Peerbanks Platform to create plans of retirement funds)

Peerbanks IRA
Important asset, that works so that people can

GETTING and SAVE in their IRA (Individual Retirement Account).

ABSTRACT
Peerbanks IRA Platform is the first IRA-blockchain linked and decentralized platform which is
designed as bridge between traditional IRA investment and the modern crypto currency assets.
It designed as a safe, secure and easy to use infrastructure using automated smart contract
integrated on the Ethereum Blockchain Platform. The peer banks IRA platform create values for
IRA fund managers by offering a user-friendly gateway to crypto currency assets. In addition,
the platform creates value to investor and supporter through the organic growth in the value of
Peerbanks IRA tokens which are used by IRA fund managers as value transfer assets.

September, 09, 2017

PEERBANKS.ORG

NETWORK

Telegram Reddit Bitcointalk

Twitter Slack Medium



Peerbanks Corporation

TABLE OF CONTENT
1. Introduction

1.1 Overview of the global pension market.
1.2 The Problem.
1.3 Solution.

2. Target / Potential market.
3. Value addition to IRA companies and their clients.
4. Our value proposition.
5. IRA Asset distribution rules.

5.1. Peerbanks IRA Parameters.
5.2. Peerbanks IRA Future.

6. Rights
6.1. Owner Rights and Interest about Peerbanks IRA.
6.2. Platform structure and allocation Marketing.

7. What is the potential risk and what are the mitigation plans?
8. Use of funds

9.1. Taxation Considerations.
9.2. Privacy policy and transparency statement.

9. Conclusion
10. Contacts



Peerbanks Corporation

1. INTRODUCTION
This section presents an overview of global pension fund assets market and later it focuses on
the traditional investment vehicle available for pension markets. The opportunities unfolding in
the digital economy space are explored. The emergence of crypto currency as a special asset
class for aggressive growth portfolio is articulated. Thereafter, the case for the role of Peerbanks
IRA platform which is a specialized investment platform designed to bridge the gap between
traditional investment and the innovative digital economy is presented.

1.1 Overview of the global pension market

The size of investment through pension vehicle is heterogeneous across countries with the
largest values of invested assets in USD located in North America (USA and Canada), Western
Europe (United Kingdom, Netherlands and Switzerland), Australia and Japan (OECD, 2016).
Globally there are different regimes in pension asset management with some countries like
Tanzania having all her pension fund managed by public entities to Chile where the entire
pension fund is privately managed. In between the continuum of the two extreme cases, there
are some countries which allow hybrid system i.e. partially privately managed fund and partially
public managed fund. Sweden is credited to be the best managed hybrid pension scheme (Fultz,
2017). Of interest to our platform a privately managed individual retirement account.



Peerbanks Corporation

The global market of private pension is overs 38 trillion dollars which is a significant market
(OECD, 2016). Global institutional pension fund assets in top 22 markets grew to $36.4 trillion
at year end 2016, representing an annual increase of 4.3%. Total pension assets in these
countries amount to 62% of their GDP. Private pension invested assets are also high when
compared to the size of the domestic economy in other countries, such as Chile, Denmark, and
South Africa, where they accounted for 70%, 206% and 97% of GDP in 2015, respectively. Private
pension assets, however, still represented around, or less than, 20% of GDP in more than 50
countries in and outside the OECD area in 2015 which represents significant potential for future
market growth (OEC, 2016). In addition, there is a unique opportunity for majority of the
excluded citizens on emerging and developing economies to be included in the pension scheme
(Leiseng, 2009; Ginneken, 2003). This can be achieved by taking the advantage of the
opportunities presented by the innovative platform like peer banks which can accommodate
IRA service through organized collective arrangements. The next paragraph explains the
distribution of the pension assets investment by asset class and opportunities arising for
cryptocurrency investment.

According to OECD 2016 reports, pension’s assets invested through all pension vehicles in
financial markets reached USD 36.9 trillion in the 35 OECD countries during 2015, and amounted
to USD 1.3 trillion in a sample of 45 non-OECD countries. In terms of the assets management,
the Pension funds were the main investors of these assets worldwide (USD 26 trillion, 68% of
the total), followed by banks and investment companies (USD 7.7 trillion, 20.2%), insurance
companies (USD 4.3 trillion, 11.3%) and employers through their book reserves (USD 0.2 trillion,
0.5%). Our target market is mainly of private fund managers who manages the individual IRA
accounts.

The actual investment of the pension assets is distributed across different asset class.
Historically the biggest pension funds have been allocating majority of their assets in fixed
income (eg bonds, fixed account etc.) and cash (60%). About 30% of the portfolio is invested in
listed equity while 12% is allocated in alternative investment and others. Given the current
uncertainty on the global geopolitics and as result a direct transmission of uncertainties into
bond, equity and financial market there is a need to think outside the box and explore additional
investment vehicles. One of the most promising and high yield asset class is crypto currency
linked individual retirement account (IRA).



Peerbanks Corporation

Indeed, the Individual retirement accounts (IRAs) are a vital component of the different
countries retirement savings, holding nearly one quarter of total retirement plan. A substantial
portion of these IRA asset originated in other tax-qualified retirement plans, such as defined
benefit (pension) and 401(k) plans, and were moved to IRAs through rollovers from those plans.
For example, in United States alone, there are 25.8 million accounts owned by 20.6 million
unique individuals, with total assets of $2.46 trillion. As the time of this writing the portfolio
managed by bitcoin linked IRA account in USA has grown in terms of cash inflow to from 1Million
$ monthly to 1Million dollars daily (Interview with Chris Kline, 2017). Such anecdotal evidence
demonstrates the potential of the market opportunity in this market niche.

1.2 The Problem

Currently pension fund managers, as well as companies that withhold funds to people for their
IRA (Individual Retirement Account) do not have a tool that accepts the major currencies like
Dollars, Euros and convert them into virtual currencies easily, safely and automatically. Such
technical barrier significantly reduces the access of most of IRA fund managers from accessing
the crypto currency linked investment opportunity which offers a superior investment returns
compared to other asset class. Peerbanks platform is designed to specifically solve this problem
and act as a bridge between IRA fund managers and the crypto investment world.

1.3 Solution

Leveraging the technological expertise of Ethereum Blockchain Platform, Peerbanks IRA will
offer easy, safe, secure and globally accessible IRA investment platform. The platform will allow
to IRA fund managers to use multiple major fiat currencies (eg. USD, Euros, Dollars, Chinese
Yuan etc.) as well as Bitcoin and Ethereum to invest in crypto linked IRA assets. In addition, all
the assets created in Ethereum Platform can be means of exchange and transfer of value within
the Peerbanks platform.

2.Target /Potential Market

Our target market are IRA fund managers who are interested increasing their exposure to crypto
currency asset class. Our team have exceptional industry advantage by having experts and direct
link with professionals from the IRA, ROTH-IRA sector. We will leverage our direct relationships
to increase the uptake of our Peerbanks IRA product and extend market penetration beyond
our direct contact through professional network referral system and word of mouth.



Peerbanks Corporation

Peerbanks IRA are assets created in Ethereum platform IRA issuance one Million of 20 Million,
which offers IRA companies an invaluable tool, where companies or institutions that operate
retirement funds for IRA-ROTH investment can obtain from our platform. These assets will
enable them gain exposure to the virtual currencies along with traditional investment products
currently offered by IRAs such as investment in Gold, Diamonds etc. Thus, IRA fund managers
can now include Peerbanks IRA, as a means of exchange among other assets or tokens based on
crypto language. To access these assets Peerbanks IRA will be the official assets for the exchange
within the Peerbanks platform.

Our platform will be able to help the IRA Companies, to make the exchange and transfers to
other clients in their local fiat currency on monthly basis easily. This will allow our clients to
acquire their IRA-Roth plan with Peerbanks IRA through our platform in accordance to specific
regulations of each country which has authorized the operation of Bitcoin and alternative
currency.

In major jurisdiction, most the IRA companies have the permits to operate within authorized
institutions to offer these services. In fact, many IRA Companies today offer ETH and BTC, but
now they will have the advantage with Peerbanks Platform to easily convert the ETH and BTC to
Peerbanks IRA using smart contract which will enable them to handle more volumes flexibly in
terms of their monthly disbursements to the customers.

3.Value addition to IRA companies and their clients
Our Peerbanks IRA platform will offer an easy, safe, secure, transparent and self-executing smart
contract which will be used to manage the pension funds investment in the high growth asset
class by following established IRA regulations. Our Peerbanks investors and supporters will
create value by organic growth in value of the Peerbanks IRA. Currently, the total number of IRA
tokens are fixed to 1,000,000. The ICO price of IRA is set to 100$ but market price for IRA will be
fixed to 500$ post ICO. As more IRA funds managers buy the Peerbanks IRA as a utility token to
be used in their platform it will increase the demand for IRA token. Based on the classical law of
demand supply, there will be threshold through the price of IRA will start to increase with
increasing demand. Therefore, the indicated price of Peerbanks IRA token should be treated as
a “price flow” and there is no price ceiling. The price will be determined by the market demand
forces since the supply is fixed. We believe that as the uptake of IRA token improves, the growth
in price could potentially lead to significant gain in return on investment over time.



Peerbanks Corporation

4. Our value proposition
Our value proposition is to offer technical support to each IRA Company individually, so that
they can integrate Peerbanks IRA into their investment portfolio and diversify their portfolio
into the crypto currencies investment.

5. IRA Asset distribution rules.
• 69% (690,000 Assets) will be available to participants;
• 30% (300,000 Assets) will remain in the Peerbanks IRA Foundation until the official

exchange is launched. The tokens will be used as starting turnover to exchange
Peerbanks at the market rate and partners projects. They will be used as reserve
currency to stabilize the market and for further development over the next five years.
Tokens will be stored on a wallet with multi-signatures;

• 1% (10 Thousand Assets) will be distributed among team members for company,
advertising and support;
• All collected funds shall be received and stored on secure escrow account.

5.1 Peerbanks IRA Parameters.
Peerbanks IRA is a token ERC20, that has been issued on the Ethereum blockchain. It is
swappable upon command by utilizing PoW technology. It is the native currency of the
Ethereum ERC20.

• The total supply of Peerbanks IRA is 1,000,000.00
• Name: Peerbanks
• Symbol: IRA

• Contract Address:
https://etherscan.io/token/0xcb73cef85b5d50a23a580919e72818fd2264c0f5

5.2. Peerbanks IRA.
Distribution of Peerbanks IRA will start in the countries listed below later it will be open to the
rest of the world. The Peerbanks project is ambitious and is designed for major banks to use
Peerbanks IRA as an IRA fund mechanism for currency stability where people will benefit as their
retirement fund.



Peerbanks Corporation

All people around the world obtain benefits and secure your future with Peerbanks IRA

6. Rights
6.1. Owner Rights and Interest about Peerbanks IRA
The rights of Peerbanks IRA owners.

• As token owners or members can sell and buy their Peerbanks IRA in the follows exchange
ETHERDELTA, IDEX, UBITOK, DECENTREX and other more.

• The institutions that will use Peerbanks IRA for the use of IRA will need to demand more
Peerbanks IRA as they enroll more members which will boost the value of IRA tokens.

• At the end of the first issue of 1 million, each additional PeerBank will have a value of
$500 or more, this means that your Peerbanks IRA will always have a spot value.

The good news is that the need for PeerBank IRA across the universe of institutions worldwide,
will generate a great demand thus ensuring the exponential growth of Peerbanks IRA token.



Peerbanks Corporation

6.2. Platform structure and allocation Marketing.
Out of 70k IRA tokens, about 40% will be used for marketing (max $40 000) and 30% will be used
for development (max $30 000). The biggest part of the attracted funds will be spent on
marketing which is necessary to maximize the coverage of the market with Peerbanks IRA. In
case of achieving the total sale goal the marketing budget will be distributed as follows: 20%
marketing at Top Crypto coins News Websites, 20% Google and Bing advertising. The principal
target is let known the project Peerbanks IRA to Institutions and Countries and 30% to the
development of the platform with an integrated of Peerbanks IRA, in all countries connecting it
to the system of automation secure and trusted of p2p globally.

7. What is the potential risk and what are the mitigation plans?
Like any other investment, there is a potential risk due to unforeseen regulatory changes, shift
in the market dynamics and loss of interest by target customers. The team will do the best it can
to contain the internal risk but for the external risk we will have to adjust accordingly as things
unfold. There is a possibility to migrate to Polymath to circumvent the regulatory uncertainties
surrounding securities.

8. Use of funds

8.1. Taxation Considerations.

Each User shall declare, bear and pay all such taxes, duties, imposts, levies, tariffs and surcharges
that might be imposed by the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction as a result of or in
connection with the receipt, holding, use, purchase, appreciation, trading or divestment of
PEERBANKS IRA. Each User shall be solely liable for all such penalties, claims, fines, punishments,
liabilities or otherwise arising from his/her underpayment, undue payment or belated payment
of any applicable tax. PEERBANKS.ORG provide no advice and make no representation as to tax
implications of any jurisdiction.



Peerbanks Corporation

8.2. Privacy policy and transparency statement.

PEERBANKS.ORG respects the privacy of its Users by not requesting any information that is
unnecessary for the use of the service or to comport with our obligations under applicable law.
PEERBANKS.ORG also does not in any way obscure the information that it does request or
obtain. Due to the inherent transparency of blockchains, transactions to and from
PEERBANKS.ORG are public and easily correlated. Utilizing PEERBANKS.ORG to obscure
transactions or assets in any way is pointless and stupid. Law enforcement has full access to
blockchain information that goes in or out of PEERBANKS’s system. You accept that
PEERBANKS.ORG will comply willingly with all legal requests for information from it. We reserve
the right to provide information to law enforcement personnel and other third parties to answer
inquiries; to respond to legal process; to respond to the order of a court of competent
jurisdiction and those exercising the courts authority; and, to protect PEERBANKS.ORG and our
users.

9.Conclusion
Peerbanks Platform is the first IRA linked decentralized platform which is designed as bridge
between traditional IRA investment and the modern crypto currency assets. The increasing
demand of IRA tokens by pension fund managers and their use in IRA investment will increase
its value and hence return on investment to peer banks supporters.

10.Contacts
If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at support@Peerbanks.org
Website https://Peerbanks.org Buy IRA https://peerbanks.org/ira
Roadmap https://prezi.com/view/3vY8O9fhC1RfveFYnCw8/
Twitter @Peerbanks Facebook @PeerbanksIRA E-mail support@Peerbanks.org
Bitcoin Talk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2009941

PEERBANKS CORPORTATION
382 NE 191ST STREET SUITE 88441 MIAMI, FL 33179

mailto:support@Peerbanks.org
mailto:support@Peerbanks.org


Peerbanks Corporation

References about PeeBanks IRA Project:

References
• Fultz, E. (2017). Individual Retirement Accounts: A Global Perspective. Accessed online

on August 30, 2017 at https://www.nasi.org/discuss/2017/03/individual-retirement-
accounts-global-perspective

• Ginneken, W. (2003). Extending social security: Policies for developing countries.
International Labour Review, 142(3), 277-294.

• Kline, C. (2017). Interview with Chris Kline from Bitcoin IRA. Accessed online on Agust
30, 2017 at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-IMfy2umBQ

• Leisering, L. (2009). Extending social security to the excluded: are social cash transfers to
the poor an appropriate way of fighting poverty in developing countries? Global social
policy, 9(2), 246-272.

• OECD. (2015). OECD report on Private Pensions. Accessed online on August 30, 2017 at
http://www.oecd.org/daf/fin/private-pensions/2015-Large-Pension-Funds-Survey.pdf

• OECD. (2016). Private Pensions: Pension Markets in Focus. Accessed online on
September 1, 2017 at http://www.oecd.org/daf/fin/private-pensions/Pension-Markets-
in-Focus-2016.pdf

• WTW. (2017). Willis Towers Watson 2017 Global Pension Assets Study. Accessed online
on September 3, 2017 at
https://www.willistowerswatson.com/en/insights/2017/01/global-pensions-asset-
study-2017

www.nasi.org/discuss/2017/03/individual-retirement-
www.youtube.com/watch
http://www.oecd.org/daf/fin/private-pensions/2015-Large-Pension-Funds-Survey.pdf
http://www.oecd.org/daf/fin/private-pensions/Pension-Markets-
www.willistowerswatson.com/en/insights/2017/01/global-pensions-asset-

