



































 

 
 

 
 
 “The Wallet is Everything” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 1 



 

 
 
 

Pillar Gray Paper 
David Siegel 
Biel, Switzerland 
June 24, 2017 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 2 



 

 

 
Pillarproject.io 

 
 
 

 
  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 3 



 

Table of Contents  
 

Table of Contents 3 

DEDICATION 5 

SUMMARY 5 

1. PROBLEM 6 

2. SOLUTION: THE PERSONAL DATA LOCKER 8 

3. UNDERSTANDING CONSUMER RESISTANCE 10 
3.1 Two Immutable Laws 10 
3.2 Solutions, not Tools 10 
3.3 Market 12 

4. THE PILLAR WALLET 14 
4.1 What is the Pillar Wallet? 14 
4.2 Integrations 16 
4.3 Personal Data Locker Services 18 
4.4 Stack 18 
4.5 White-Label Wallets 19 
4.6 Transition to Atomic Ownership 19 
4.7 Private Key and Password Management 20 

5. THE PILLAR TOKEN 21 
5.1 What does the Pillar Token Do? 21 
5.2 The Pillar Token is a Meta-Token 22 
5.3 Marketing & Partnerships 23 
5.4 Governance 23 

6. EXECUTION PLAN 24 
6.1 Team Building 24 
6.2 Architecture 24 
6.3 Foundation: Collaboration 24 
6.4 Data Conversion 25 
6.5 Digital Birth Certificates 25 
6.6 Data Security 25 

7. FINANCIALS 26 
7.1 Use of Proceeds 26 
7.2 The Planning Fallacy 26 
7.3 Budget 27 
7.4 Beyond Budgeting 28 
7.5 Money Management 28 
7.6 Transparency 28 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 4 



 

8. ABOUT 20|30 28 
8.1 Culture 29 
8.2 Founders 29 
8.3 Advisors 30 
8.4 Customer Council 33 
8.5 Partners 33 
8.6 Open Source Steering Committee 33 

9. CROWDSALE 34 
9.1 Token Allocation 34 
9.2 Token Sale 36 
9.3 Token Trading 36 

10. SUMMER EVENT 37 

11. LONDON OFFICE 38 
 

  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 5 



 

DEDICATION 
This project owes its existence to the many people who have been supportive 
of the concepts in the book ​Pull ​, to the incredible team of volunteers at 20|30, 
and to Justin Poirier, who reminded us to let our passion guide us.  
 
Please note that this document is written in the third person because so many 
people contributed to it. Thanks to all the contributors and reviewers.  
 
SUMMARY 
Twenty Thirty, a blockchain innovation company headquartered in Zug, 
Switzerland, is ready to embark on one of the most ambitious decentralized 
projects to-date: the personal data locker. Here is the key to everything 
you’re about to read:  
 
Wallets, browsers, and exchanges will soon merge to create the 
dashboard for our digital lives. 
 
Pillar is a platform powered by 
its own native token that will 
finally fulfill the promise of the 
personal data locker. 
Eventually, we believe this 
wallet will power most devices, 
including phones, tablets, 
wearables, cars, buildings, and 
more. This paper describes our 
project to build an 
open-source, multi-chain wallet 
that will provide a new digital 
platform for consumers, 
companies, and governments.  
 
See ​the teaser video​. We plan to realize the project in three phases:  
 

Phase 1: ​Build the Pillar multichain wallet and get it integrated into many 
systems. We want thousands of software companies to adopt our 
open-source wallet.  
 
Phase 2: ​Build integrations (exchange, browser, e-commerce, escrow, 
messaging, etc.) that make it easy to build solutions.  

 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 6 

https://youtu.be/tQd95tCfbt8


 

Phase 3: ​Begin to provide the service offerings that separate our wallet 
from other wallets and creates the personal data locker, leading to a 
personal assistant. Continue to offer both account-based and atomic 
versions (explained below). Continue to build out more features as the 
ecosystem grows. Help our OEM customers transition from accounts to 
atomic ownership.  

 
At 20|30, we’re very open. We are not only asking our supporters for money, 
we’re also asking them to join us on our journey. We are a grassroots 
community of people working to create this future. This document ends with a 
call to meet us after the crowdsale and be part of our future.  
 
1. PROBLEM 
The world economy is built on institutions that hold clients’ assets centrally: 
banks, telecoms, insurance companies, brokers, drug companies, 
governments, and more. Every year, hackers steal more than $400 billion and 
about 1 trillion records from data centers. ​Most CIOs believe we are losing the 
war on cybercrime​, even as we rely on them for more important data like 
DNA, prescriptions, life logs, travel & driving history, criminal records, 
algo-trading, credit scores, shopping, browsing, reputation, etc.  
 
Our data is getting more and more concentrated in the hands of a few large 
institutions. The buyers of big data love getting as much as they can from a 
single vendor, so they can predict and monetize our behavior. Companies like 
Facebook, Microsoft, ATT, LinkedIn, Experian, and Visa ​all exist to monetize 
their users’ data​.  
 
The European Commission’s ​Fire Study of Next Generation Internet​ recently 
concluded that ... 

 
1. Internet should ensure citizens' sovereignty over their 
own data and protect privacy; 
 
2. Internet should ensure diversity, pluralism and a right 
to choose; and 
 
3. Internet should avoid the concentration of data in a 
few proprietary platforms. 
 
4. Personal Data Spaces was seen as a very important 
technology area for all the above top ranked values. 

 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 7 

https://ec.europa.eu/futurium/en/system/files/ged/the-fire-study-ngi-white-paper-survey-results_01.pdf
http://www.bbc.com/news/business-39947942
http://www.bbc.com/news/business-39947942
https://www.bromium.com/company/press-releases/majority-cios-believe-they-are-losing-battle-against-cybercrime.html
https://www.bromium.com/company/press-releases/majority-cios-believe-they-are-losing-battle-against-cybercrime.html


 

This is the problem the Pillar project will address. We want to give people a 
better, safer digital experience. We have two main objectives: 
 

Replace accounts with atomic ownership. ​We all have dozens of 
accounts. With accounts, you log in and all your valuable data is 
trapped inside the app or the service. This presents huge concentration 
risk. It’s easier to get a divorce than to change banks or stock brokers. 
By switching from accounts to wallets, each person owns his/her own 
assets and can switch between vendors freely. 
 
Replace apps with services. ​Apps on our phones are miniature 
desktop apps. Many of us have dozens of logins for apps that don’t talk 
to each other. We believe that the personal data locker will replace iOS 
and Android to become the operating system for all your devices. 

 
These two changes will radically transform the way we use data. Do 
consumers care? Not as much as they should. But they are starting to, and 
governments are helping​. As ​the EU and other jurisdictions adopt strict data 
privacy and portability standards​, the current paradigm will have to change.  
 
The decentralization movement and technologies like blockchain will lead to a 
fundamental paradigm shift, putting people in control of their digital lives. 
 
  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 8 

https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/data-protection-reform/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeQn6Ku5AgA
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/data-protection-reform/


 

2. SOLUTION: THE PERSONAL DATA LOCKER 
David Siegel created the concept of the personal 
data locker in early 2000 and ​published a book 
about it in 2010​. There is an associated vision 
video, which you can see here:  
 
Personal Data Locker Vision 
 
Today, we have the technology to make the 
personal data locker a reality: blockchains. In 
this world, you hold your assets in your own 
secure wallet, making it difficult and unprofitable 
to attack.  
 
The Pillar wallet is our solution. It will be a 
consumer product that looks very much like 
today’s digital wallets, but it is just the very beginning of the personal data 
locker. We will transform the wallet experience from something you use 
occasionally to trade currencies to something you use most of the time as you 
go about your day.  
 
We believe that browsers and wallets will converge, and that combination just 
happens to describe the personal data locker. The Pillar wallet will let you 
manage everything you own, everything you have, everything you want, 
everything you consume, and everything you do online.  
 
Key Terms 
Atomic ownership​ of private keys means that personal data, currencies, and 
assets are not held or controlled by any third party. Only you have the keys to 
this data. If you lose your keys, your data or value is lost (there are several 
ways to help consumers manage their keys safely).  
 
Accounts​ involve logging in and creating an account with a company you must 
trust to back up and safeguard your data, including credit-card info, 
passwords, etc.. If your account is compromised, you lose your data, identity, 
or value. 
 
 
The ecosystem as described in David’s book is just starting. Many groups will 
build pieces that incrementally fit together. Having seen many such projects 
come and go over the years, we are well aware what it takes to succeed. But 
first … 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 9 

https://www.amazon.com/Pull-Power-Semantic-Transform-Business-ebook/dp/B002YJK5KK/
https://vimeo.com/14061238
https://www.amazon.com/Pull-Power-Semantic-Transform-Business-ebook/dp/B002YJK5KK/


 

 
 
3. UNDERSTANDING CONSUMER RESISTANCE 
We have been in the personal-data space for many years. Our biggest 
challenge isn’t technical, it’s consumer behavior.  
 
3.1 Two Immutable Laws 
The following two graphs show why very little progress has been made over 
the past twenty years:  

 
 
 
As contributors to the World Economic Forum report, ​Personal Data: The 
Emergence of a New Asset Class ​, and part of the identity community for many 
years, we believe these are immutable laws that will not bend or change for 
anyone. Our biggest barrier is that most people don’t perceive any problem.  
 
3.2 Solutions, not Tools 
But that is not the right way to look at it. We have been trying to give 
consumers tools, when we should be giving them solutions. Now that we 
understand how to work with blockchains, cryptocurrencies, and tokens, we 
can start to give consumers a much better experience. A few good indicators:  
 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 10 

https://www.weforum.org/reports/personal-data-emergence-new-asset-class
https://www.weforum.org/reports/personal-data-emergence-new-asset-class


 

The Lykke wallet and exchange​ ​is an easy-to-use mobile app that 
looks like a familiar trading app but keeps all customer assets on the 
phone itself.  
 
The Brave browser​ is an open-source browser, that will make it easy 
to spend or tip for content as you browse, eliminating middlemen.  
 
The Token App​ is a mobile browser with global payments built in.  
 
Sovrin​ is a blockchain-based, permissioned identity system with a 
growing group of developers.  
 
Civic​ is a secure identity platform that will soon use its own tokens.  
 
U-Port​ ​is an identity and reputation system you create yourself.  
 
The Internet of People​ is an open-source stack for managing identity 
and reputation.  
 

Identity and ​reputation​ have been sticking points in the adoption of the 
personal data locker. Blockchain technology is changing that. There are many 
upcoming systems for ​preserving privacy​ and increasing ​scalability​. We don’t 
plan to choose sides - we will incorporate anything that gets traction.  
 
We know consumers don’t want to work with their own data, but that doesn’t 
mean they don’t want to own it. They do want to own it, but they don’t want 
the hassle of managing it. They want a software system that does it for them:  
 

● When they visit the doctor, they want the paperwork to take care of 
itself. 

● When they drive their car (or their car drives them), they want the data 
to go to their personal data locker, not to the manufacturer’s web site 
for another siloed log-in.  

● When they have an airplane ticket and their plans change, they want 
their locker to extend their hotel reservation, sell their ticket and buy a 
new one.  

● People want their investment portfolio to manage itself according to 
their wishes, not deal with accounts, sales people, and limited 
selection.  

● When looking for a new job, they want jobs to come to them, rather 
than having to send applications.  

● The weather forecast can automatically tell their home or building to 
prepare for a storm, without them having to do anything manually.  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 11 

https://www.civic.com/
http://lykke.com/
http://polkadot.io/
https://www.sovrin.org/
https://www.uport.me/
https://basicattentiontoken.org/
https://blog.ethereum.org/2016/01/15/privacy-on-the-blockchain/
https://www.tokenbrowser.com/
http://www.the-blockchain.com/docs/A%20next%20generation%20reputation%20system%20based%20on%20the%20blockchain.pdf
http://fermat.org/


 

● People want their reputation, (KYC package), attestations, and history 
to go with them whenever they want to use a new service.  

● If it’s easy, people want systems that give out only as much 
information as necessary to complete a transaction, not more. So you 
can order things online and the stores don’t even know your address, 
and you can say where the package should go, even if you’re on the 
road.  

 
If the system lets them own their own data and their software does the work 
for them, people will stop trusting big institutions to do it, because ​that​ will be 
more of a hassle. It’s all about the hassle factor.  
 
It ​has​ to be hassle-free. We need to bring a combination of blockchain, AI, 
chatbots, and smart interfaces to create an easy-to-use solution. 
 
3.3 Market  
With the personal data locker, we are going after a much larger market than 
the “native crypto market” - people who want to use smart contracts for 
everything. Our markets are technology early adopters and cryptocurrency 
early majority.  
 

 
 
We will start with early adopters and work our way toward the much larger 
early-majority segments later. Customer acquisition will be a mix of retail, 
partner, and OEM strategies. With the open-source Pillar wallet as a 
foundation, and with further data-protection and consumer-protection 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 12 



 

legislation a certainty, we plan to flip the old paradigm of control/push to a 
new world of response/pull.  
 
In aiming this product at advanced consumers, we aren’t forgetting the 
corporate and white-label (OEM) markets. We will provide our wallet through 
many software companies, banks, wealth-management firms, and more. It 
will be easy to integrate with their existing systems.  
 
 
  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 13 



 

4. THE PILLAR WALLET 
In case you haven’t seen or used a wallet, you can watch David’s ​video tour of 
the Lykke wallet​ to see one in action. In essence, a wallet is software that 
holds the private keys to your assets sitting on a blockchain. You transact by 
“signing” orders. The Pillar wallet will hold keys and let you transact with 
many blockchains, and it will eventually be the control panel you use to 
interact with the digital world. 

 
 
Using a wallet, there is no account. 
You hold the private keys to your 
cryptocurrency (bitcoin, ether, etc.) 
and you use cryptocurrencies or 
digital tokens to “pay as you go,” 
for the service using 
micropayments. The service may 
never know who you are. This is 
what the Brave browser will do. 
This is how people will pay for 

many services in the future. You can think of tokens as tradable API keys.  
 
 
 
4.1 What is the Pillar Wallet?  
There are many cryptocurrency wallets already. The Pillar wallet will be … 
 

● Multi-chain: able to see hundreds of kinds of tokens and coins.  
● Open source. 
● Not tied to any one browser.  
● Not tied to any one exchange - you can choose your exchange. 
● Easy for software companies to incorporate into their systems. 
● Both on desktop and mobile. 
● Stand-alone and OEM. 

 
The wallet comes in two basic versions:  
 

● An account-based wallet​ that lets the user see his/her coins and 
tokens. This would be similar to what CoinBase recently provided to 
Fidelity. We wouldn’t offer this wallet directly but through OEM 
companies who want this wallet for compatibility with their 
account-based systems.  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 14 

https://youtu.be/WlAla39HMw0
https://youtu.be/WlAla39HMw0


 

● An atomic version​ that gives the user full control of her assets. This is 
similar to the Lykke wallet today but independent of any exchange.  

 
The Pillar wallet is not an exchange. ​Token​, which has a built-in exchange, is 
an excellent example of how wallets, exchanges, and browsers are 
converging. The ​Jaxx wallet​, which has already integrated many blockchains, 
and ​the Lykke wallet​, have many assets, but they won’t focus on our 
personal-assistant functionality.  
 
We expect to partner with several exchanges. In fact, we want Pillar users to 
put their buy/sell orders into our API and let exchanges compete for their 
business. This solves the liquidity problem: any order can now be filled from 
any exchange that participates in the network. The Pillar token is a 
meta-token, and the Pillar exchange is a meta-exchange.  
 
The Pillar wallet isn’t a browser - a browser is based on search and push, like 
the web is today. Even Siri mostly brings you search results in a browser. We 
believe browsing will eventually become asking and requesting, and the 
information will come to you.  
 
As the Pillar ecosystem emerges, these functions will converge, and we’ll 
provide these services to many other platforms … 

 
The internet of smart contracts is an internet 
of offers. Our wallet will find and interact 
with smart contracts. We will help industries 
reformat their data so our wallet can see it 
(the pillar token provides the incentive).  
 
We believe the wallet will be the center of 
your world. Everything will tie into the 
wallet, and we’ll use fewer and fewer apps. 
Eventually, we’ll stop calling it a wallet and 
call it the Pillar personal data locker.  
 

4.2 Integrations 
In the next phase, we will create and/or partner with other companies to 
provide ...  
 
Multi-exchange support​ is important, because many of the use cases for 
the system require an exchange. We plan to partner with one or more 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 15 

https://www.tokenbrowser.com/
http://jaxx.io/
http://lykke.com/


 

exchanges that will plug into our open-source system. As our network grows, 
we will create more competition and tighter spreads.  
 
Smart contract aware​ is a new frontier of findability in the web of value. It’s 
possible today to invoke a smart contract and send it ether, but finding the 
smart contracts in the first place is getting to be more and more of a 
challenge. This “searching the web of value” will take some work, but we are 
inspired by the ​Userfeeds​ and ​ether ontology​ projects.  
 
A fiat exchange​ that interfaces to the banking system requires licenses. We 
will look for partners who want to provide these exchange services to our 
platform.  
 
Portfolio and wealth management​ will integrate your coin- and 
token-based holdings, give you investing and risk-management tools, 
investment advice​, and secure your assets while making sure you have the 
petty cash to spend as you like.  
 
Shopping services ​that work with ecommerce sites accepting 
cryptocurrencies, will be integrated.  
 
Identity services ​will be provided by several different standards. We plan to 
integrate all of them, so people can easily plug into the system and bring their 
identity with them. People will likely use more than one identity system, so 
they can have different personas in the personal data locker.  
 
Messaging and social sharing​ are already being done by several groups, 
most of them are open source. We will integrate one or more of these.  
 
Job matching​ - we expect to offer a revolutionary new job and freelance 
matching engine.  
 
Search​ - find offers on the web of value and bring them back.  
 
People search​ - find others and connect your various social graphs. 
 
Calendars and scheduling services​ that interact with today’s most popular 
calendars. Ties into various professional schedulers.  
 
Smart contract control center ​shows all your obligations, escrow, assets, 
and is tied to your calendar, balance sheet, and other parts to give you a 
complete smart-contract management system.  
 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 16 

https://blog.userfeeds.io/building-google-for-the-economic-web-on-the-ethereum-blockchain-de27cb3d23b
https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/crypto-investing-age-whales/
http://ethon.consensys.net/EthOn_spec.html


 

All our wallets and extensions will be open-source. Many apps will be free or 
open-source, and many apps will have subscription or pay-as-you-go models. 
In all cases, you own and control your own assets - no one else has access to 
them. Open source is the only way to do this - our token (described later) 
provides the business model to make the Pillar ecosystem come to life.  
 
4.3 Personal Data Locker Services 
Once the basic extensions are in place, we can start creating vertical 
solutions. Here is a sample of the services we expect, many of which are 
described in ​Pull ​:  
 

● Peer-to-Peer lending 
● Wealth management 
● Asset management 
● Classified ads, auctions, and barter exchange 
● Peer-to-peer currency exchange 
● Finding contract work 
● Finding employment 
● Finding an apartment to buy or rent 
● Digital birth certificate ecosystem for products 
● Etc.  

 
These aren’t what you may be thinking. On your phone or desktop today, 
these are separate apps. They barely talk with each other. The personal data 
locker is a world of pull, where you say what you’re looking for, and the offers 
and information come to you. You can have long-standing requests that 
match when the appropriate find is made, or short-term requests that 
immediately result in a number of offers to choose from. We will focus on 
bringing in content and offers. We don’t think of it as a browser, we think of it 
as a personal data locker as described in ​Pull ​. Everything is on your terms - 
no apps, no web sites, no ads (unless you want ads). 
 
4.4 Stack 
As the wallet grows into the personal data locker, it will have more and more 
layers of standards, services, and features. For example, you may have 
different personas that you can use in different modes and maintain privacy. 
You may integrate many features with other members of your family or work. 
Our stack isn’t completely fleshed out yet, but here is a general idea ... 
 

 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 17 



 

 
 

4.5 White-Label Wallets 
We don’t have an exchange. We don’t have a browser. Therefore, we can 
provide our wallet to many companies’ software systems, either to add 
cryptocurrencies to their current capabilities, or to help them transition to 
atomic ownership of assets. We will provide a white-label wallet any company 
can put their own logo on or integrate into their own system. We will focus on 
the extra services you get with our wallet that you don’t get with other 
wallets. We hope this will entice many software companies to use our wallet 
and get their clients using Pillar tokens.  
 
4.6 Transition to Atomic Ownership 
For a long time, we will support both account-based and atomic-based 
wallets. The look and feel should be almost the same. As more and more 
people are comfortable transitioning to the atomic wallet, the customer 
experience will be easy. Rather than logging into a centralized service, you’ll 
establish your password and make sure it’s backed up or shared with people 
you trust. From there on, your assets will be fully under your control.  
 
We expect atomic ownership will be attractive to our OEM and white-label 
customers, both because it will be better for customers and because 
regulators will push them along this path.  
 
The wallet is the new operating system​ - a few people have figured this out 
already, but it’s still early days in the race. The wallet is everything - in ten 
years our wallets will become digital assistants, powered by voice, gesture, 
data, and artificial intelligence. The wallet is the new platform that will power 
phones, cars, glasses, tablets, interactive displays, and more. Wear your 
Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 18 

http://a16z.com/2017/02/09/mobile-wallet-digital-wallet-payments-banks/


 

wallet on your finger or wrist and get instant access to everything. This space 
is going to innovate quickly, and we plan to be part of it. The Pillar wallet may 
be just the right thing at the right time. 
 
4.7 Private Key and Password Management 
If you own your own data, you are responsible for safeguarding it. There are 
many ways we will help consumers do this. There are also plenty of ​hardware 
solutions​. Eventually, we’ll use rings, watches, bracelets, even chip implants 
to verify who we are. We plan to give consumers many options.  
  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 19 

https://keepingstock.net/are-coinbase-kraken-and-poloniex-doomed-to-fail-2739153d033a
https://keepingstock.net/are-coinbase-kraken-and-poloniex-doomed-to-fail-2739153d033a


 

5. THE PILLAR TOKEN 
The native utility token for this system, the pillar, will be necessary for the 
system to function and will be independent of any cryptocurrency. It will be 
an ERC20 token on the Ethereum blockchain. It will be a unit of value within 
our system.  
 
5.1 What does the Pillar Token Do?  
While the wallet and platform are open-source and free, users will pay for the 
various services with pillar tokens (PLRs) as they use them. The token will 
power the entire ecosystem, giving an instant business model to many 
projects that can tie in. This is the beauty of a token: you may need a service 
exactly once and you won’t need to sign up for it, you’ll just pay in pillars and 
you’re done.  
 
Many services will be free. For example, most exchanges don’t charge a fee, 
they take their fees from the money you’re exchanging. Many more will be 
ad-driven, and you’ll be in charge of the ads you see. Importantly, you’ll be 
able to “monetize yourself” by asking for offers and providing yourself as a 
lead to marketers.  
 
Here’s an example: you go see your doctor, she does some tests and gives 
you a prescription for some pills. All the data from that visit, and the 
prescription, will be copied to your wallet. Your data can even go to a study 
being done - with your permission, and even though you’re anonymous in the 
study, if they want to send you a message, you’ll have a choice of receiving it.  
 
Another example: You book a hotel room and rent a car. These are now smart 
contracts. They require deposits and some kind of insurance token. The Pillar 
wallet handles all these details for you, managing all your smart-contract 
obligations, deposits, refunds, etc.  
 
Looking for a new bike? Just specify what you want, using our product 
taxonomy or chatbot, and all the bikes that fit that description come to you 
for sorting and viewing. The data will come from each source, rather than 
from aggregators. You don’t see web sites, you see offers.  
 
More and more services will accept pillars. The average person may pay 
$20-$40 per year in such services, and in return be in total control of her 
assets and ad exposure. The money goes directly to service providers - we 
don’t take a cut.  
 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 20 



 

We will likely integrate the Brave browser​, so you can use the browser’s 
built-in token to pay for content as you consume it. We may integrate other 
browsers.  
 
We expect to integrate one or more exchanges.​ It should be easy to pay 
for what you want, using whatever currency you like. We plan to make it so 
you can pay in pillars for everything. We will partner with several exchanges, 
so you can plug in the one you want or use the exchange that’s right for each 
transaction. Long-term, we plan to create an exchange marketplace, where 
exchanges bid for your transaction in real time.  
 
We don’t have a set scheme for fees. We believe market forces will keep fees 
low. Fees will be flexible, possibly like bitcoin’s auction system. Since there 
will be competition, you will always see the best market rate for services and 
low fees.  
 
5.2 The Pillar Token is a Meta-Token 
Brave has a native token for seeing customized ads and monetizing your 
browsing experience. Augur has a token for betting. Akasha has one for 
messaging. Civic has a token for identity. All these tokens will be native in our 
system one level below the Pillar token. Users may only ever use Pillar tokens, 
and the system handles all the various tokens needed to do what they want. 
Or they may see and use the various utility tokens directly.  
 
So there are five possible levels people may see:  
 

● Fiat currencies only - they will see no tokens at all, even though there 
are many tokens at work. It will look and feel more like an account.  

● Just whatever cryptocurrency they happen to like, or a mix.  
● A combination of fiat currency, cryptocurrencies, and pillars.  
● A combination of fiat, pillars, and the native tokens for each service.  
● Possibly no fiat currency at all - only tokens and cryptocurrencies.  

 
In a reverse way, the pillar token could be used to feed payments in from 
around the web. A vendor or individual may offer something for sale 
(consulting time, fidget spinners, hotel rooms), and buyers can buy in any 
currency they like, but the vendor can be paid in pillars (or any other 
cryptocurrency). So pillars are the basic fungible unit of value between all 
these systems.  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 21 



 

 
5.3 Marketing & Partnerships 
Ask anyone who has created a successful platform — it’s every bit as much 
about communication and education as it is about building a quality service. 
There are hundreds of wallets on the market. We believe the Pillar token will 
be the viral component. The more companies integrate their services and use 
our token, the more it becomes a standard, and the more people will want it. 
We plan to dedicate serious resources to education, marketing, and 
communications. We want the open-source Pillar wallet to be ubiquitous.  
 
We will have a partnership program to help developers and others integrate 
our wallet into their software. 
 
5.4 Governance 
Token governance is ​more complex than many people realize​. The personal 
data locker will become part of hundreds of millions of people’s lives, and the 
Pillar token will be making things work. As there are a fixed number of tokens 
after the ICO, market forces will determine prices and behavior. However, 
anyone with a large supply of pillars will be able to move markets and 
influence policy. Therefore, we plan to take stewardship of this token very 
seriously and watch for any potential issues that need attention. This is a new 
area of commerce. Most open-source projects have governing bodies, but 
they don’t have to think about tokens. We hope to show the way forward in 
token governance and teach other groups what we have learned.  
 
The biggest risk is forking. As we have seen with the Ethereum project, a hard 
fork is a very serious event in the life of a system. Regarding splits, our goal 
is to create a self-healing system and have a governance council that will take 
all stakeholders into account when making decisions.  
 
There are small things we can do to manage the token’s fiscal and monetary 
policies. We could be market makers, we can purchase tokens, and we can 
burn or ice tokens. We will be very transparent about our plans and include all 
stakeholders in our discussions.  
  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 22 

https://medium.com/@avtarsehra/economics-of-initial-coin-offerings-c083311e53ec


 

6. EXECUTION PLAN 
This section describes the methodology, not the specific solutions. At a 
fundamental level, the Pillar system represents the convergence of the 
semantic web and the web of value. The combination is far more powerful 
than the two separately. Eventually, we will add AI to make the customer 
experience easy and intuitive.  
 
6.1 Team Building 
We don’t believe in resumes or interviews. We have a community approach to 
building the necessary team for all our projects. You may not see the usual 
experts on our team - though we have many. Our approach is to invite people 
to work with us and see who is aligned with our purpose. Much of the team 
building for this project will take place at our summer event in August.  
 
In general, we prefer creative generalists who can go with the flow than 
specialists who can only see a narrow problem and narrow solution. We will 
hire mostly generalists and hire specialists as consultants.  
 
Want to be part of it? Come to Slovakia in August and you probably will be.  
 
6.2 Architecture 
We don’t have a set architecture for our wallet. We plan to keep building and 
modifying, throw away code as it gets out of date, and stay market-focused in 
delivering small units that work. We first have to build the world’s best 
open-source multi-chain wallet as the “trunk” then keep adding as we have 
partners and use cases that drive adoption.  
 
6.3 Foundation: Collaboration 
We plan to work with several projects we know well and have code we can 
start with. We plan to meet and collaborate with everyone in our space. A few 
notable projects:  
 

● Open Mustard Seed, from MIT 
● MIT’s Connection Science Group 
● Personal Data Ecosystem​ consortium 
● Web of Trust 
● Cicada Project  
● ID2020​, the UN identity initiative 
● Uport​ by ConsenSys 
● PermID​ by Thompson Reuters 
● Civic ID​, which has a token sale in June 
● Akasha 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 23 

https://www.uport.me/
http://pde.cc/
http://www.weboftrust.info/
https://www.civic.com/
http://connection.mit.edu/
https://hackernoon.com/identity-without-authority-a-decentralized-id-system-for-the-whole-world-bf9aad1a096b
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMCzibfVo3M
https://akasha.world/
http://id2020.org/
https://permid.org/


 

● Iota Token​ for the Internet of Things 
● Ceptr 
● W3C Verifiable Claims 
● Solid 
● Nimiq 

 
There are others. We are coming from the wallet side. We will have many 
options to choose from as we build a community of contributors and partners 
for the Pillar project.  
 
6.4 Data Conversion 
To transition from apps and web sites, the right data and content must flow in 
and out of the personal data locker. This is a huge job - the more you 
understand it, the more you see how big the project is. Fortunately, as David 
mentions in his book, we can use existing vocabularies, taxonomies, and ​APIs 
to bring data in and understand it. The state of the art in AI and big data have 
reached a point where it is commercially feasible to work with unformatted 
data and reformat it to suit our purposes - this can be seen by the fact that 
Google can now tell you whether a store or restaurant is open just after you 
type in its name. We are just now at a point where the personal data locker 
can make sense of much of the data online.  
 
We will take it one use case at a time and incentivize many partners, who will 
want to be paid in pillars. David’s book ​and his recent essay on smart data 
describe many of the details.  
 
6.5 Digital Birth Certificates 
A chapter in ​Pull ​ describes the digital birth certificate - a digital identifier for 
every individual person, animal, and item on earth. This is not a new concept. 
There are plenty of systems already identifying individual items (as opposed 
to a class of items) and their condition and location.  
 
The Internet of Things is bringing to life the concepts outlined in David’s book. 
Everything will have a unique identifier, and that identifier will point to its 
description, and that description will have a place on some blockchain to 
create ​the economy of things​. We will start integrating these new systems and 
continue to support the standardization of data in this area.  
 
6.6 Data Security 
All the current development around blockchain-based data involves atomic 
ownership. This is a very active area of research and development. The Pillar 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 24 

http://ceptr.org/
https://nimiq.com/betanet/
https://www.w3.org/2017/vc/charter.html
http://programmableweb.com/
https://www.iotatoken.com/
https://www.iotatoken.com/
https://medium.com/@pullnews/smart-data-for-smart-contracts-c98329cbda5
https://solid.mit.edu/


 

wallet will become the hub for people to aggregate and use their own data. 
Data storage options include:  
 

● Decentralized storage 
● On blockchain 
● On the user’s device 
● In datacenters 

 
All these options already have methods for hashing, storing, managing, and 
retrieving data. Increased requirements for data privacy and protection will 
accelerate adoption of the personal data locker. The personal data locker is 
just the right solution at the right time.  
 
A key concept is the principle of ​least privilege ​: giving out just the information 
necessary to consummate a transaction. Today, consumers give out far too 
much information, leading to the problems we have outlined above. Your 
personal data locker will help you manage this process. In many cases, we 
can use proxies that prevent vendors from capturing so much personal data, 
including physical addresses. This is a new ecosystem of trusted and trustless 
partners and data providers. It’s already growing. The personal data locker 
will give it much needed momentum. 
 
7. FINANCIALS 
While most white papers are very light on financial projections, we want to 
explain our thinking.  
 
7.1 Use of Proceeds 
We are well aware of the difficulties of large-scale software development and 
the failure of most projects to communicate and document clearly what has 
been produced. We will need to evangelize and promote our wallet, get as 
many customers to use it as possible, and explain the value of the token to 
people many times. This project will have its own P&L, which will be available 
on the project’s web site and updated monthly. The team will be based in 
London to start. This is an agile business. We can’t know or plan how things 
will work out. We will have to launch and learn. For that reason, many 
parameters of this ecosystem are left intentionally unspecified.  
 
7.2 The Planning Fallacy 
It would be great if we could script each month of the next five years and 
connect the dots to success. Every new venture is a lottery ticket, a chance to 
build a network that may or may not materialize. Most won’t. Too many 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 25 



 

project plans suffer from overprecision. We keep Eric Schmidt, chairman of 
Alphabet’s words in mind:  
 
“One of the biggest reasons for our success, though, is that the plan we 
delivered to the board that day in 2003 wasn’t much of a plan at all. There 
were no financial projections or discussions of revenue streams. There was 
no market research on what users, advertisers, or partners wanted or how 
they fit into nicely defined market segments. There was no concept of 
market research or discussion of which advertisers we would target first. 
[…] We left that out for the simple reason we didn’t know how we were 
going to do it.”  
 
That said, it’s worth the exercise to get started. Here is our proposed budget 
for five years, realizing that we will learn as we go.  
 
7.3 Budget 
Any budget or forecast is a work of fiction. Given the magnitude of the 
project, we believe these numbers are realistic and conservative. We are here 
to change the world. If we are doing OEM deals, we could double these 
numbers:  
 

 
 
 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 26 



 

7.4 Beyond Budgeting 
What we know from start-up data is that running out of cash is one of the 
number one causes of failure (for the other three causes, see ​David’s talk on 
entrepreneurship​). All companies should do rolling, agile forecasts and 
budgets, as described in the amazing book, ​Future Ready​, by Steve Morlidge 
and Steve Player.  
 
With that in mind, we believe that to create the world’s most powerful, most 
successful wallet takes a combination of spirit, persistence, skill, cash, and 
luck. We will have to spend smart and work hard to promote and evangelize 
the Pillar system. We can’t be too specific on how the next several years will 
play out.  
 
We will use rolling forecasts as a tool and teach other start-ups how to apply 
Beyond Budgeting principles​ to their projects.  
 
7.5 Money Management 
We expect to raise enough money for five years. We plan to diversify our 
holdings. We will purchase ​our own index tokens​, to help diversify. We also 
plan to participate in the pre-sale of projects that will fit into the Pillar system. 
This will be a small portion of our holdings, but it should help create an 
ecosystem around the personal data locker.  
 
7.6 Transparency 
We will put all financials and progress on our web site and update it once a 
month. We will post a financial report once a quarter. Our Slack is open - feel 
free to come ask questions.  
 
8. ABOUT 20|30 
Twenty Thirty AG is a corporation based in Zug, Switzerland, founded in 
January 2017. It is David Siegel’s 22nd company. We don’t believe in boards 
of directors (​been there, done that​). We don’t believe in community voting 
unless it’s done very carefully (​voting is easily skewed​). We believe in getting 
actively involved, discussing, making agile, rolling decisions as we go. We 
have a strong bias for open-source and running code. We expect to run 
internship programs, give grants, do pro-bono projects, create educational 
materials, sponsor or run events, work with city and national governments, 
and partner with other companies and institutions to spread the principles and 
tools of decentralization around the world. The Pillar project is our flagship 
project. We’re here to change the world.  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 27 

http://www.openstanford.com/
https://skillsmatter.com/skillscasts/9828-an-entrepreneurial-evening-with-david-siegel
http://tokenfactory.io/
http://bbrt.org/
https://www.amazon.co.uk/d/Books/Future-Ready-Master-Business-Forecasting-Steve-Morlidge/0470747056/
https://skillsmatter.com/skillscasts/9828-an-entrepreneurial-evening-with-david-siegel
http://votingninja.com/


 

8.1 Culture 
No matter how much money we raise, we will always adhere to our guiding 
principles (laid out in an essay called ​The Culture Deck​):  

● HOW matters. 
● Stay lean - no fat salaries, no fancy offices, set up a dorm for people to 

sleep in when they come work with us.  
● Work in the same room as much as possible.  
● Take care of each other, build a family culture. Employees first, 

customers second.  
● We don’t look at resumes and we don’t interview. We work with 

volunteers until they are ready to transition to part-time, and then 
full-time employment. ​Culture fit is more important than skill.​ We can 
teach skills. ​We want friendly, eager people who are willing to do what 
it takes.  

● No HR, no management, no board, no traditional business beliefs. 
Measure everything, try new things, learn what works.  

● Continuous delivery in one-week cycles. Keep the code working.  
● Continuous improvement - make things better every day. 
● Use ​Kanban​ - make ​Kanban​ your religion. Create joy at work.  
● Invite everyone to join us. Our community is our foundation.  
● Give to the crypto community. We plan to give research grants, do free 

events, publish, and more.  
● Communicate, communicate, communicate. Don’t underestimate what 

it takes to get people to learn and try something new.  
 
20|30 has no management structure and no hierarchy. Our model is that of a 
hive, with people doing what they love to do and swarming to solve problems. 
Join us.  
 
8.2 Founders 
David Siegel, founder (Switzerland). ​David built a web-design and 
strategy agency in San Francisco in the 1990s and sold it to KPMG. He has 
been at the forefront of technology and venture investing for 30 years. He has 
written five books about technology and business. In 2016, he was ​a 
candidate to be the dean of Stanford business school​. He is an expert on 
blockchain, future technologies, ​angel investing​, and ​startups​. You can see his 
work at ​dsiegel.com​. 
 
Vitor Py, founder (Brazil). ​Vitor​ ​is a senior software developer, has led 
cross functional teams in areas as diverse as aerospace, energy, and law 
enforcement. Former founder of SIM, a Brazilian computational materials 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 28 

https://leandroherrero.com/memo-to-all-corporate-supporting-functions-you-are-fired-reapply-now-lines-are-open/
https://www.amazon.co.uk/d/Books/Joy-Inc-How-Built-Workplace-People-Love/1591847125/
http://www.theculturedeck.com/
http://openstanford.com/
https://skillsmatter.com/skillscasts/9828-an-entrepreneurial-evening-with-david-siegel
http://globalbetaventures.com/
http://openstanford.com/
http://ecorner.stanford.edu/videos/5066/Hire-for-Culture-Fit-or-Add
http://dsiegel.com/
https://leandroherrero.com/memo-to-all-corporate-supporting-functions-you-are-fired-reapply-now-lines-are-open/
https://www.amazon.co.uk/Kanban-Successful-Evolutionary-Technology-Business/dp/0984521402/


 

science startup. Vitor is our chief architect and will lead the development of 
the Pillar wallet. This is his fifth company. 
 
Tomer Sofinzon, founder (Israel).​ Tomer is a serial entrepreneur living in 
Tel Aviv. He is an entrepreneur and business development executive. He 
founded ClearCi, a company focused on delivering Enterprise Intelligence 
solutions. He has worked in venture capital with a focus on strategic 
partnerships. This is his 8th company.  
 
Yogesh Gaikwad, founder (India). ​Yogesh is a young Indian entrepreneur 
with a technology marketing background who started India's first growth 
hacking company and is contributing to tech startups around the world.  

8.3 Advisors 
The following people have committed to support the Pillar project with their 
time, energy, and network. We are thankful to all the people who have 
offered to help us.  
 
Martin Callinan (UK)​ has over 20 years’ experience in the software industry. 
He assists organisations leveraging the benefits of open-source software while 
managing the business risks of intellectual property, licensing, copyrights, 
security vulnerability management, and operational risk. He is a member of 
the leadership of OpenUK Industry Association for Open Source Software, 
Open Source Software SIG lead for TechUK’s CTO Council and a Partner in 
Global Cyber Consultants. 
 
James Drake (USA) ​has over twenty-five years of experience working with 
emerging technologies from web-based multimedia applications and 
information systems management, to digital publishing, marketing, and 
distribution systems. As CEO of ​Embermine​, James has spent the better part 
of the last year and a half creating a system of smart contracts to enable 
people to work together to solve problems.  
 
Euros Evans (UK) ​launched the first real-estate website in the world in the 
spring of 1993. He saw the same potential with Ethereum in January 2015. He 
now runs the N.O.M.A.N. blockchain meetup in London and the Etch project. 
 
Jonny Fry (UK)​ has extensive knowledge of the asset management industry, 
having set up a fund-management business for private clients and 
institutions. This business was then floated on the London Stock Exchange. He 
has been CEO/board member of a variety of regulated and unregulated 
companies in the U.K. and overseas, in a number of different industries. He 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 29 

https://www.embermine.com/


 

has experience working with the press and managing corporate and 
reputational risk for a number of organisations. 
 
Gustavo Guimarães ​enjoys finding solutions for real-world problems through 
the use of technology in industries education, publishing, entertainment and 
the arts. He​ was awarded the​ German Chancellor Fellow of the Alexander von 
Humboldt Foundation ​for​ researching technology impact on ​people's​ learning​ 
worldwide​.​ He is building solutions using blockchain and smart contracts. ​ 
 
Jack Weixi Luo (Canada)​ M.D. candidate - Jack is an entrepreneur, data 
scientist and cryptocurrencies trader. With over 7 years of experience in 
trading, he made his first $300k at age 14, and was an early Bitcoin adopter 
back in 2011. Having never done his undergraduate degree, Jack is one of the 
youngest medical students in Canada. He is passionate about the applications 
of blockchain in healthcare. Jack currently advises for various startups, 
including 20|30. 
 
Kirt McMaster (USA)​ - is a tier-1 venture-backed Silicon Valley CEO in Palo 
Alto, California. He has personally raised over $200MM and is the Executive 
Chairman and founder of CYNGN (formerly Cyanogen), an autonomous vehicle 
startup. McMaster was a founder of Boost Mobile, now wholly owned by 
Sprint. McMaster has had 5 acquisitions of companies he has helped build 
including 3 IPOs. A Product guy whose greatest thrill is building strong teams.  
 
Anish Mohammed (UK) ​has been working in the security and cryptography 
area for the past 15 years, as a researcher and as a consultant. He has spent 
half his career researching cryptographic algorithms and protocols. He has 
also worked as a strategy consultant for Accenture and Capgemini. Most 
recently he has been involved in the Blockchain ecosystem as one of the 
founding members of UKDCA . He is also on the advisory board for Adjoint, 
Arteia, Privacy Shell, Ripple Labs and Chain of Things. These days he is more 
focused on projects that involve security vs scalability vs consensus of 
Blockchain and using smart contracts for AI safety.  
 
Gary Nuttall (UK)​ has over twenty-five years experience including retail, 
pharmaceuticals, NHS, commodities trading, and commercial insurance. He is 
a mentor in the Startupbootcamp insurance programme, founding partner in 
RiskForge (an insurance accelerator/incubator initiative), and an advisor to 
Blocksure, a UK InsurTech startup. He chairs the TechUK Insurance working 
group and is a partner in Team Blockchain. 
 
Efi Pylarinou​ (Switzerland) ​Ph.D. in Finance, with 20+yrs experience. She 
is included in the ​2016 Women in Fintech​ powerlist by Innovate Finance. She 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 30 

https://ch.linkedin.com/in/efipylarinou


 

is the co-founder of​ ​Daily Fintech​, a global insight driven platform and of the 
Fintech Genome​, a P2P knowledge platform for Fintech conversations. Her 
Fintech domain focus is on Digital Wealth Management & Capital Markets. She 
works with us on Marketing and partnerships. 
 
Max Pokam (FR)​, ​Ph.D. in Computer Sciences - Distributed Systems, a 
seasoned IT/Telecom/Security professional with leading role experience in 
technical architecture, service delivery, sales and marketing. 
 
Thomas Power (UK)​ sits on seven Boards, including the advisory board of 
Humaniq. He is part of Team Blockchain, an advisory service in London. He 
has published 7 books and spoken at 1000 conferences in 56 countries. This 
explains his 130,000 Twitter followers since March 2007.  
 
Doc Searls (USA)​ is author of ​The Intention Economy: When Customers 
Take Charge ​ (Harvard Business Review Press, 2012), co-author of The 
Cluetrain Manifesto (Basic Books, 2000, 2010), Senior Editor of Linux Journal, 
fellow of the Center for Information Technology & Society at UC Santa 
Barbara, and Chief Instigator of ProjectVRM, which he launched as a fellow at 
the Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University in 2006. 
From 2012-14 he was a visiting scholar with the Arthur L. Carter Journalism 
Institute at NYU. He is the president of The Searls Group, a consulting 
practice. 
 
Joyce Searls (USA) ​is a serial entrepreneur with a background in the 
fashion, restaurant and real estate development fields. She is a board 
member of Customer Commons, a not-for-profit whose mission is to restore 
the balance of power, respect, and trust between individuals and 
organizations that serve them. She has multiple management and board 
roles, including Linux Journal, Project VRM, and The Sovrin Foundation.  
 
Sasha Serafimovski (UK) ​has been an equities analyst, an entrepreneur, 
investor, and mentor to a number of startups in Israel, Denmark, and the UK. 
He will be helping Twenty Thirty on finance and business development. 
 
Joel Smalley (UK)​ is an experienced financial engineer and architect of 
several businesses and products in fintech and capital markets. Founder of 
Superfintech, a group of companies spanning regulated financial service 
(​Supercapital​) and novel technologies, including a fully automated, 
programmable multi-currency ​banking platform​.  
 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 31 

http://genome.dailyfintech.com/
http://genome.dailyfintech.com/
https://dailyfintech.com/
http://supercapital.uk/
https://dailyfintech.com/
http://supermoney.supercapital.uk/


 

Jurgen Stroo (Netherlands)​ is a senior Linux and infrastructure engineer 
with 20 years experience in the field of open source, Linux, Enterprise 
infrastructures. He is ambitious, energetic, and enthusiastic about the Pillar 
project. He is interested in containers, programming frameworks, and coding 
collaboration.  
 
Richard Titus (USA)​ was named one of the Wired 100 in 2010, he is a serial 
entrepreneur whose startups include Razorfish, Schematic & Videoplaza. His 
most recent startup, Prompt.ly, was co-founded in 2013 and sold in 2016 to 
Breezeworks. Richard recently led customer experience for Samsung 
Electronics Visual display division globally and has run media companies for 
BBC and DMGT in the UK.  
 
Phil Windley​ is an Enterprise Architect in the Office of the CIO at Brigham 
Young University (BYU). A passionate tech educator, he is the chair of the 
Sovrin Foundation, the co-founder and organizer of the Internet Identity 
Workshop, writes the popular Technometria blog, and is the author of the 
books The Live Web (2011) and Digital Identity (2005). Phil has served as 
CIO for the State of Utah. He holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science from 
University of California, Davis. 
 
Kaliya “Identity Woman” Young (USA)​ is an expert in the field of 
user-centric identity. In December she will have a Masters of Science in 
Identity Management and Security from the University of Texas at Austin. In 
2012 she was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum. 
She founded the Personal Data Ecosystem Consortium in 2010. Currently she 
consults widely on Self-Sovereign Identity and Personal Data.  
 
Dylan Smith (Australia) ​is a seed investor in 20|30 and founder of Rubix, a 
leading emerging technologies consulting organisation providing innovative 
technology solutions for large corporate and Government clients. Rubix was 
named in the top 25 IoT companies to watch 2016 by APAC CIO Outlook 
magazine. Prior to Rubix, Dylan was a founding member of two successful 
technology companies, both of which listed on the Australian Stock Exchange. 
 
8.4 Customer Council 
We welcome people from any companies to help guide the development of our 
product stack. The Pillar wallet and personal data locker are every bit as 
important to businesses as they are to consumers. We are actively looking for 
council members.  
 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 32 



 

8.5 Partners 
We look forward to working with the following groups (and many more) as our 
platform develops:  
 

● Fermat.org 
● Embermine 
● B2BPay 
● Superfintech 
● Famous Publicity 
● Team Blockchain 
● Synchrasytech 
● Rubix Consulting 

 
8.6 Open Source Steering Committee 
We plan to involve many people and groups in this project. We will set up a 
steering committee for the software and the token. Initial members include 
David Siegel, Vitor Py, Phil Windley, Rui Vale, Martin Callinan 
  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 33 

http://fermat.org/
http://www.famouspublicity.com/
https://twitter.com/teamblockchain
https://embermine.com/
http://supermoney.supercapital.uk/
http://b2bpay.co/
http://www.rubixconsulting.com.au/


 

9. CROWDSALE 
The Pillar crowdsale will take place over 60 hours, from 8am GMT on 
Saturday, July 15 to 8pm GMT on Monday, July 17. During this time, the price 
will be fixed in ether. In fact, the actual time of the sale will be measured in 
blocks, not minutes, and our web site will keep an updated count of blocks 
with an estimated time until the sale ends - it should be between 59 and 61 
hours. We will put the price on the web site on July 14, so people can plan 
their allocations.  
 
Each token will be an ERC20 token on the Ethereum blockchain — we will use 
a smart contract and return tokens to the buyer’s ether address. In the case 
of not meeting our minimum, we will return ether instead. 
 
Refer to the Terms and Conditions document for final details. This is a 
summary ... 
 
9.1 Token Allocation 
A total of 800 million tokens will be issued. This is how it breaks down in 
dollars during planning - the actual price in ether is subject to change (blue 
means an input):  
 
Pillar token allocation Category Percent Tokens Dollars 

     

Total Valuation 100% 800,000,000 $80,000,000 

   One token = $0.10 

     

For sale Presale 2.00% 16,000,000 $1,600,000 

For sale Sale 70.00% 560,000,000 $56,000,000 

Allocated Marketing 3.00% 24,000,000 $2,400,000 

Allocated Later funding 15.00% 120,000,000 $12,000,000 

Allocated 20|30 10.00% 80,000,000 $8,000,000 

     

Check Total 100.00% 800,000,000 $80,000,000 

 
Here are details of the above chart:  
 
The presale​ will take place using a smart contract and an ether address that 
will be sent with instructions by email and may or may not be on a web page. 
The presale is limited to 16 million tokens. Several of the people working on 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 34 



 

the project will be purchasing at this time. Price per token has not yet been 
set.  
 
The token sale ​will offer 560,000,000 tokens to the public. They will be sold 
using a smart contract until all 560 million have been sold, or 60 hours, 
whichever comes first. The price will be set in ether. Buyers will receive 
ERC20 tokens at the conclusion of the sale.  
 
All unsold tokens from both the presale and the sale​ will immediately go 
on ice for ten years using a smart contract. They can’t be touched during that 
time. We expect they will be transferred to a nonprofit that will govern the 
tokens before then, but until that time they will remain property of 20|30. 
After ten years, they may be sold, re-iced, or burned according to our 
token-management directives, which will evolve along with the system.  
 
The minimum raise for presale and sale combined​ will be around $8 
million, set ahead of the sale and priced in ether (approximately 80 million 
tokens).  
 
The target ​is roughly $30 million at the sale-time ether price.  
 
The cap​ will be 560 million tokens.  
 
The marketing effort will receive 24 million tokens, or 3 percent. ​This 
is to pay all the people and companies who have worked so hard to create 
and manage the ICO process. All these tokens will be locked up for 9 months 
after the sale ends.  
 
We reserve the right to use some or all of ​the 15 percent of tokens 
reserved for later funding​ as follows:  
 

1. To provide liquidity ​on one or more exchanges. Tokens not being 
used for liquidity will be “off the market.” 

2. To give to people​ who will develop services for our system.  
3. To offer them as prizes​ in contests to help expand the system with 

innovative services.  
4. For future offerings. ​Assuming a strong initial sale, we don’t plan 

another offering for at least three years. If we reach our cap, we will 
freeze all these tokens for three years.  

5. We may burn or ice tokens ​if we feel that it contributes positively to 
the ecosystem.  

 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 35 



 

The ten percent of tokens reserved for Twenty Thirty ​will be dedicated 
to funding projects that will be built on top of the Pillar system. We will give 
them to developers to develop parts that will work with the system. We’ll use 
them to fund our own projects. They will be an asset of the corporation. These 
tokens will go on ice for three years.  
 
9.2 Token Sale 
The sale will take place over 60 hours, beginning on July 15 at 08:00 GMT. 
Tokens will be priced immediately before the sale in ether. The sale will take 
place at that fixed price over 60 hours (measured in blocks on the Ethereum 
blockchain) or until all 560 million are sold. There will be no discounts. At the 
end, all unsold public tokens will be put on ice for ten years, as described 
above.  
 
9.3 Token Trading 
We expect to list our tokens on an exchange as soon as possible after the 
close of the crowdsale. We will put this information on our web site as soon as 
it is available. 
 
 
  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 36 



 

10. SUMMER EVENT 
Pillar is a big project. We’re in it for the long run. We are very serious about 
involving everyone who is interested in working with us. We don’t care about 
your education or resume or interview skills. We invite you to come work with 
us.  
 
We have no intention of squandering the money we acquire in our 
crowdfunding event. We treat every ether as if it were our own. After the 
crowdfunding, we plan to have a grass-roots unconference at ​AquaCity in 
Poprad, Slovakia​, to socialize, learn, teach, plan, and hire. Anyone who comes 
to Poprad in early August is probably a person we want to hire. Every 
morning, we will have blockchain learning and Pillar planning sessions. We will 
have tracks for central services, product, and marketing. If you are reading 
this, you are welcome to join us.  
  
The event will take place from 29 July to 6 August. Direct flights from London 
are available. We have reserved 19 rooms, but they are going fast and people 
are finding roommates. Rooms are very limited for the resort, but there are 
hotel rooms not far away. We’ll be working in the mornings and trying not to 
work in the afternoons. It’s a family event - bring your kids. Big party on 
Friday the 4th. To reserve your room, contact ​Tomer@2030.io​. Don’t wait for 
our ICO - rooms are going fast. Contact Tomer now to get one.  
 
  

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 37 

http://www.aquacity.sk/?gclid=CI3x4-zYstQCFXIW0wodKgICIg
http://www.aquacity.sk/?gclid=CI3x4-zYstQCFXIW0wodKgICIg
mailto:Tomer@2030.io


 

11. LONDON OFFICE 
In September 2017, we plan to open London’s first open blockchain 
innovation center. It won’t be fancy, but it will be a community center where 
people can collaborate to build the Pillar wallet. We also plan to rent a few 
small flats that will become our dorm, where people can stay while they work 
with us for weeks or months.  
 

Pillar Personal Data Locker Gray Paper 38 


