






































 

Plancoin.co 1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 2 

 

 

 

 

NOTE FROM THE PLANCOIN       5 

ABSTRACT          7 

VISION           9 

INTRODUCTION         11 

THE BACKGROUND/ IMPORTANCE OF BLOCKCHAIN  14 

Decentralized Financial Services      17 

ADVANTAGES OF DECENTRALIZED PLATFORM   18 

Introduction to Decentralized Currency     18 

Anonymity          19 

Supply          20 

Influence          21 

Secure          22 

Invest without borders        23 

Transparency         24 

Instant remittance        25 

FUTURE OF ONLINE PAYMENTS      26 

Single wallet - hundreds of opportunities     27 

BLOCKCHAIN BASED KYC       28 

 



 

Plancoin.co 3 

Your crypto-assets will be protected     28 

GLOBAL PAYMENT SOLUTION FOR E-COMMERCE   29 

 We have a one-click payment for all transactions   29 

REVOLUTIONARY TRANSACTION FEE     33 

THE PLANCOIN ECOSYSTEM       35 

PLANCOIN ECOSYTEM, PLATFORM, AND COMMUNITY:  

HOW DOES IT WORK?        36 

PLANCOIN MERCHANTS        38 

OPERATING THROUGH THE PLANCOIN PLATFORM   39 

PLANCOIN PAYMENT MECHANISMS     40 

PAYMENTS FOR PURCHASES  

THROUGH THE PLANCOIN PLATFORM     41 

SCALABILITY          42 

PLANCOIN REPUTATION RATING SYSTEM    44 

DISRUPTING THE INDUSTRY       45 

SUPPORTING THE CRYPTO-MARKET CAP     47 

MINIMIZING FINANCIAL FRAUD      48 

OPEN ENTERPRISE PLATFORM      49 

PLANCOIN PLUGINS FOR E-COMMERCE     50 

THE RETAILER'S CRYPTO-WALLET      51 

Additional Features Will Include      52 



 

Plancoin.co 4 

PLAN TOKEN EXPLAINED        52 

ALLOCATIONS & SUPPLY        53 

PLANCOIN DECENTRALIZED APPLICATIONS (DAPPS)  54 

PLANCOIN Web Wallet        55 

PLANCOIN Mobile Wallet       59 

BUSINESS MODEL         61 

MARKETING STRATEGY        62 

NETWORK EFFECT         63 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 5 

The financial world is about to change beyond what we all belief. There are 

new and incredible opportunities opened up by the decentralization of the 

technology of Blockchain. Individuals can now equally participate in a 

completely new ecosystem of either socially or financial influential 

developments. PLANCOIN has developed a competent team of determined 

Blockchain experts to achieve an important aim- to become a household 

name in the payment, crypto-exchange, and peer-to-peer industry. Our team 

is made up of blockchain professionals who have worked many successful 

ICOs and other Fintech-based projects. Attracting more than forty investors 

highlight our mission and reveal what our project is capable of. 

There has been an upward surge in the online payment and crypto-exchange 

industry. According to the reports by Statista, the revenue from crypto-

exchange and peer-to-peer industry will be six times in the coming 2 to 3 

years. This report shows where PLANCOIN is edging to with its economic 

model. While the traditional payment industry and its share is also reported 

to increase over the coming years, the processing of crypto-payment and 

exchange is estimated to reach an ultimate unprecedented level. 

As it stands, there is reportedly 1% in the rate of adopting the Blockchain-

based payments, particularly in the e-commerce industry; a rate which is 

higher than the traditional payment method for most consumers and 

merchants. This is, therefore, one of the reasons why the opportunities and 

timing for PLANCOIN to begin its expansion couldn't be anytime but NOW! 

The majority of the Crypto-enthusiasts are of the opinion that the 

implementation of the different decentralization solutions has only just 

begun and is presently in its infancy. 



 

Plancoin.co 6 

The crypto-payment and exchange system adopted by PLANCOIN will 

instantly enable our users, PLAN token holders, and merchants to make use 

of cryptocoins using our tokens on the different retail and e-commerce 

stores. An exponential growth is projected to take place in this FinTech 

industry. Evidently, it is where money resides today and where it will be 

tomorrow.  

We would like to send a very big thank to you for believing us and supporting 

this project. Collectively, we will reinvent the crypto-payment and peer-to-

peer industry. 

Sincerely, 

 

The Plancoin Team



 

Plancoin.co 7 

 

PLANCOIN LIMITED COMPANY with its cryptocurrency, the PLAN token, are 

explained in this whitepaper. PLANCOIN is a highly secured Peer-to-peer and 

crytpo-payment decentralized platform powered by the Script (POW/POS) 

algorithm with a unique and self-regulated financial system which enables our 

users, members or participants to earn PLAN through staking or mining.The 

latest innovations in technological advancement, a novel model of 

crowdfunding and new cryptocurrency are brought together to give a 

powerful and comprehensive model of investor-participant and crypto asset 

appreciation with its related interest alignment. 

 

Thus, this model is generalizable and cross-cuts a number of sectors. Therefore, 

 most vulnerable 

are aligned by designing this effectively tax-subsidized cryptocurrency. 

As it is widely believed, currency supply to a hard cap is strictly limited. 

Hence, the currency-institutional system is developed to generate a long-

term and rapid growth in currency demand, as well as permanent and 

repetitive reductions in the supply of token. As a result, financial institutions, 

Individuals, and large companies can design various crowdfunded projects 

that smoothen their reputations with less labour  then receive primary tax 

deductions for doing so. In actual sense, donations to these projects would 



 

Plancoin.co 8 

directly increase the demand of the token. Additionally, a certain portion of 

the wages would be sent to a medium-term worker or other pension fund, 

which in turn would fuel the long-term systemic reductions in the supply of 

liquid token. This innovation, however, is also generalizable across many 

cryptocurrencies. If it is widely adopted, it would remarkably accelerate a 

value creation in the crypto-asset marketspace. 



 

Plancoin.co 9 

Not all revolutions have already taken place in this digital era. The Blockchain 

technology and its breakthrough especially changes how we understand 

money as the traditional medium of payment. Several blockchain-based 

cryptocurrencies have disrupted many industries from the several methods of 

crypto-payment to traditional banking and other financial sectors. 

This is where PLANCOIN comes in. Generally, the vision behind the 

development of this project emanates from the incredible potentials of the 

cryptosphere. Furthermore, the ever-increasing adoptions make them an 

integral part of the financial ecosystem throughout the world. To us, this 

means that each scale and unit of the retail and e-commerce industries will 

begin the adoption of a cryppto-based payment technologies. However, this 

will need secure yet innovative encompassing payments service providers. 

 

The E-commerce and payment industries are growing exponentially. Virtually 

all the online retailers and e-commerce stores are on the threshold of 

incorporating the different Blockchain-based payment methods. Hence, this is 

the accurate time for PLANCOIN to emerge and champion a new industry of 

crypto-payments.  We want to reinvent real and living E-commerce payment 

processes according to the demands of the global markets. PLANCOIN has 



 

Plancoin.co 10 

chosen this direction; the projected direction of crypto-payment and e-

commerce industries. We will ensure an instantaneous transfer and exchange 

of all crypto-holdings for our users, retailers, businesses, and merchants. 



 

Plancoin.co 11 

ypothesized that cryptocurrencies will give rise to a more 

egalitarian society: stabilize the economy and create a more decentralize 

authority, and individuals at the various societal levels will eventually benefit. 

Conversely, for those living without a reliable housing, basic education or 

laptop, the question of whether they can benefit from cryptocurrency is 

another argument. Right now, however, cryptocurrency is changing and 

restructuring the fight against poverty. Evidently, it is sufficient to say that the 

more profitable our cryptocurrency is for donors (investors), the better it is at 

minimizing or totally eradicating poverty. The correct structuring of the 

institution (financial or non-profit) that administers it and the appropriate 

currency design must be in line with the demands of the people stuck in 

absolute poverty and the interests of the investors. Therefore, the more money 

the investors make from this structure, the more the institution grows, and the 

more people get out of extreme poverty. In turn, the growth experienced by 

this organization would bring a further appreciation of the currency. It is 

important to step back and consider the historic nature of matching the 

interests of the societies most vulnerable with the wealthy investors. 

The power to do this emanates from the combination of a novel type of 

crowdfunding and cryptocurrency  a technological innovation that would 

alter much of the economy and wealth distribution. This is not just an 



 

Plancoin.co 12 

unrealistic vision that hypothesizes that peop

vaguely fed into just a token demand. This is a concomitant regime. This is 

cryptocurrency specifically designed to create a reliably appreciating asset. 

PLANCOIN is resolved to building and providing a lasting solution to the 

different payment problems and usable in the blockchain industry: distinct 

and unique in relation to all digital currencies. It uses an esteem exchange 

convention to accomplish the exchange of payment on shared premise and to 

develop a decentralized application stage, which brings blockchain innovation 

into the worldwide payment industry, e-commerce, industry, money related 

administrations, Internet of Things, production network administration, online 

networking, gaming, Data innovation, HR frameworks, item administration 

and different businesses. Inventive innovation, thorough administration 

structure and board applications give PLANCOIN favorable circumstances over 

Bitcoin and some others as an open blockchain. The PLANCOIN Payment 

portal and wallets, as the most encouraging blockchain biological system for 

the payment industry, splendidly consolidates the upsides of driving 

cryptographic forms of money and addresses the natural issues of existing 

blockchain frameworks. It will proceed to create and repeat through the 

establishment of the stage, and in addition through the items and functional 

business executions. Another sort of economy mode will be shaped by the 

Blockchain Economy to fundamentally upgrade the productivity of the 

enterprises, and in addition society in general. The establishment will give 

straightforwardness to payments administration, money related 



 

Plancoin.co 13 

administration, code administration and business hones for traders, and will 

keep up elevated requirements of genuineness, moral business direct and 

consistence with appropriate laws, guidelines, and controls for the clients. A 

bookkeeping firm has been locked in to give monetary report review and 

consistence administration administrations. The birth and the early stages 

phase of PLANCOIN have been emphatically upheld by the establishing 

individuals, the improvement group, industry specialists, early sponsor, legal 

counsellors and expert specialists. We might want to thank everybody who 

have made unprecedented commitments to the advancement of the 

PLANCOIN Blockchain Economy.  



 

Plancoin.co 14 



 

Plancoin.co 15 

Before the  Bitcoin network emerged, the TCP/IP protocol was widely adopted 

to transfer information throughout the world. However, the adoption and 

development of the interconnection and integrated technology such as the 

Augmented/Virtual Reality and Internet of Things has led to different ways by 

which people communicate and interact, the sharing of information, and how 

objects and related entities are tokenized and digitized. However, as our 

society develops, the transmission and sharing of information is not enough to 

meet the basic development needs of the emerging and developed economic 

society. Over time, the question that occupies the lips of all individuals in the 

crypto-marketspace is how can we transfer digital value and paymentsamong 

ourselves? Can we include a peer2peer payment digitally? In the past, to be 

noted, we failed to provide a solution to the transfer of value and assets from 

peer-to-peer via the internet without any third party. The Bitcoin network is 

the first Perer2Peer value transfer protocol ever known. In this whitepaper, we 

introduce the practical implementation of a VTP through the Internet. Every 

day,  the world keeps getting more connected and an increasing number of 

institutions: both private and public companies seek to provide their services 

and solutions online. The majority of the critical sectors of the economy 

including but not limited to education, healthcare, commerce, leisure and 

finance are actively edging towards digitization in a way of meeting the 

demands of the existing customers and find new ones worldwide. As a result, 

PLANCOIN is geared towards the provision of possible and better facilities, and 



 

Plancoin.co 16 

to further enhance the crypto-payment industry through the use of the 

blockchain ecosystem.  

 

Satoshi Nakamoto, on the 31st of October 2008, made an announcement 

about the Bitcoin whitepaper tagged   A Peer to Peer Electronic Cash 

 and highlighted the importance of the Bitcoin Network as a measure 

to build  a decentralized system of asset and value transfer. According to him, 

every member of the Bitcoin network serves as a reviewer of  the value 

transferred: the transaction  between two parties can be completed 

without creating a trust relationship. The Bitcoin technology has reshaped the 

way we share and obtain value and has established a newpeer-to-peer and 

decentralized community.    Given these premises, the majority of the inter-

governmental financial institutions with other related regulatory authorities 

throughout the world are now actively developing new regulations and 

principles for e-services. The legal framework eliminates all the 

regulatory uncertainties, thereby serving as a catalyst for an online business 

migration.  undertaken an in-depth analysis of the latest 

trends in the crypto-space including the other Trustee services of financial 

transactions as well as the combination of Payment Services within the scope 

of the cryptocurrency. And this is where PLANCOIN steps in.  



 

Plancoin.co 17 

This means that there is no central authority regulating the transaction. This 

removes all the centralized overhead such as government or financial 

institution regulating and centralizing all payments at one place. Thus, PLAN 

enables the decentralization of everything perfect for the technology. 

PLANCOIN will offer a transparency for business practices, code management, 

and financial management, and will continue to maintain and uphold high 

standards of ethical business, trustworthy, honesty, compliance and conduct 

with the applicable regulations, rules, and laws. To make this possible, an 

auditing and accounting firm has been employed to provide the audit, 

financial report, and compliance management services. 

 

Furthermore, to make our platform a truly open source community, 

PLANCOIN will eventually distribute 75% of the total PLAN tokens to the 

community for marketing promotions, business implementations, and 

connections between the real world and blockchain world. The remaining 

25% tokens will be allocated to the developers, consultants, early backers, 

and co-founder team.



 

Plancoin.co 18 

Introduction to Decentralized Currency 

There are different innovative money payment platforms in the market, many 

of which are premised on different platforms and applications such as the 

internet, digital storage card, and mobile phone. As might be expected, these 

varied methods of payments have witnessed a continued and encouraging 

growth ranging from Apple Pay, Dash, PayPal, Alipay, Google Wallet, and the 

likes. Apart from the payment systems that rely on Fiat currency, the increasing 

use of the digital currency for payment enables more innovative, flexible, and 

faster payments and ushers in several ways of financing our goods and services.  

However, Bitcoin: the leading and popular digital currency stands out. It is 

one of the most popular digital currencies in the world today. Specifically, 

Bitcoin is a cryptocurrency, which is an important component of what is 

popularly known as a digital currency. Moreover, it is a distinct 

cryptocurrency that is widely believed to be the first of its kind. Just like 

many developed after it, Bitcoin relies on the internet potentials to power its 

transactions. 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 19 

One of the main reasons why people prefer Litecoin, Bitcoin, and other 

decentralized currency is due to its inherent anonymity and privacy. This type 

of currency enables people to hide their transactions while remaining 

completely anonymous to foster their privacy. What does this mean? It means 

that if you buy something online with bitcoin that transaction is less likely to 

be tracked. Through this advantage, decentralized currencies are done just like 

the cash exchanges. However, this is quite different from using a bank account 

where your privacy is revealed through the account number. While, regarding 

the PLANCOIN payment gateway all of your transactions are kept privately and 

totally anonymous. It's never being tracked by anyone. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 20 

At the moment, it appears like the supply of decentralized currency is 

surplus, but evidently, the supply will soon be limited. This is because there is 

a cap or limit to all the decentralized currencies. Inevitably, all the bitcoins 

will be mined, eventually! It is inevitable 

Once the supply is capped, the market of a decentralized currency will work 

like any other common commodity. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 21 

Any regulatory body or authority does not influence or regulate the 

decentralized currency. Its priced is only derived by its participants. This 

means no local, regional, national, or even international regulatory body is in 

charge of the currency. That is the rationale behind the term "decentralized". 

Since Bitcoin is the first of such, no internet currency other than bitcoin was 

decentralized. It is the first ever currency to be able to Function like this. 

In the traditional banking system, the transfer of value or assets and the 

related currencies that are not "internet currency" are regulated and 

controlled by some type of government or institution. 

As a result, Bitcoin or any other decentralized internet currency cannot be 

manipulated for personal gain.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 22 

People employ several encryption approaches to authenticate the money 

transfer, which is not dependent on any regulatory body like central bank, 

hence, makes it self-governing and synchronize the development of the 

currency units in the decentralized currencies. As a digital currency, 

cryptocurrencies are decentralized as it provides a secure and definite 

financial environment. Furthermore, it has allowed the gathering of individual 

wealth without any problem which was uniquely anonymous and 

unachievable. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 23 

Obviously, there are a lot of reasons why most people prefer decentralized 

currencies. The major one is that it offers a much-secured platform which is 

operated by many users from different computers and which are connected 

to a decentralized network. Given this, PLANCOIN allows a cross-border 

transaction with complete transparency. In addition, the cost is still 

affordable. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 24 

All the transactions in cryptocurrencies are obvious. The frame and flow of 

currency transactions and remittance is very simple. Therefore, if any 

member of the PLANCOIN platform provides a fake or invalid details, it can 

be easily detected due to the transparency nature of the platform. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 25 

Defined as a certain amount of money sent by a party or individual to 

another party or individual as a payment remittance is an integral part of the 

crypto-market. With the help of technology, developers and professionals in 

the field are working hard to increase the spread of instant remittance while 

decreasing the cost attached to it. It is now an urgent need to solve the 

problem of delay remittance; many executives, companies, and institutions 

want to transfer more between and among themselves. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 26 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 27 

The PLANCOIN platform is particularly developed to enhance effective crypto-

payment processing activities. To ensure that we meet the demands of our 

participating merchants, users or retailers, the first phase of PLANCOIN 

platform development will be to provide a multicurrency crypto-wallet. Since 

different individuals have different needs, the approach introduced by 

cryptocurrency is unique and aims at meeting these demands. The fact that a 

particular coin or fiat currency can be pre-programmed to offer extra functions 

in particular environments (tokens) needs a new universal approach and 

strategy to make it spendable. This approach will be adopted by PLANCOIN 

where PLAN will be available to be traded with by our merchants. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 28 

Your crypto-assets will be protected 

There are many risks associated with the present payment industry; even with 

the bank cards. A countless number of scams and phishing schemes can easily 

be carried out with most of the centralized payment networks as they are 

presently. Given our sophisticated KYC standards which will be essential to 

comply with to become our user, PLANCOIN will eliminate all the uncertainties 

or fraud associated with the traditional peer-to-peer payment services. We will 

make our service reachable and affordable to the lowest business while 

lowering the fees since the e-commerce and retail industry is our target. This, 

however, will only be possible if our users or merchants are ready to comply 

with the good practice and strict regulation of the blockchain community. 

 

PLANCOIN will make use of the Blockchain-based KYC procedures to provide 

the greater reliability to distribute information. Certainly, the individual 

customers of our participating merchants will be glad with this type of 

approach. When all securities measures are met, the acceptance and general 

powerof cryptocurrencies will grow at a much higher level. At PLANCOIN, we 

believe in the synergy of E-commerce and peer-to-peer industry with the 

greater potentials of Blockchain technology. 



 

Plancoin.co 29 

We have a one-click payment for all transactions 

PLANCOIN boasts of a platform that allow exceptionally instant crypto-

transactions. The present situation where we experience slow speed of 

transaction and high transaction cost can't be adopted in most e-commerce 

and retail stores. PLANCOIN will change the way we transact within the 

PLANCOIN ecosystem using our SCRYPT algorithm which allows specific 

operations to be carried out before being uploaded to the blockchain. 

However, the transaction will be reliable and secured as it should. 

 

PLANCOIN enables our participating merchants to receive their payments 

within 10-15 seconds. It is very essential, at least in the global business 

environment, to receive any payment as soon as possible. Our platform will 

lower the receiving time of your funds from days or week to within reach of 

seconds. Particularly when the transactions need to be done by faraway bank 

locations, some gateways used by most of the payment processing systems 

might delay the time of receiving your funds by 1 to 2 weeks. 

 



 

Plancoin.co 30 

A perfect instance would be a simple e-commerce store where our 

participating merchant sells trending electronics and phone gadgets. Once a 

customer buys and pays for any product from our participating merchant, the 

funds will be transferred immediately to our merchant. No uncertainty 

regarding the payment gateways, no delay, fraud or problems inherent in 

international transactions. Through the scrypt algorithm, the transaction will 

be uploaded to the blockchain and the PLANCOIN ecosystem will be notified 

of the transaction. It only takes about 2-3 seconds for the transaction to be 

confirmed by the merchant, buyer, and PLANCOIN; thus making it fast and 

transparent. Cash flow typifies this entire chain of business processes. 

Presently, there are obvious challenges when it comes to businesses selling as 

much production as they can. Therefore, all the funds needed to fuel the 

business growth are trapped in the complicated and fraudulent layers of the 

financial middlemen. This means that the small businesses are plagued and 

they only have to borrow to stay in the competitive water of the global 

marketplace. 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 31 

This is what PLANCOIN aims to eliminate by providing a safe, secure, and 

instantaneous confirmation of all transactions. 

 

 

The above illustrates how complex the algorithm of the present payment and 

exchange system is. As a result of the number of layers involved in the 

processes, there are many risks passing through each of the layers. The 

complexity and unnecessary payment chains in the current system also makes 

it expensive as there are about 15 phases in every end-to-end payment details. 

As such, there is no way any of the present system could provide such a 

minimal transaction fee as the one offers by PLANCOIN. The reason for this is 



 

Plancoin.co 32 

clear and straightforward: less phases=less layers-low fee. By comparison, more 

and more efficient and cost-effective payment system will only be possible 

through the adoption of the technology of blockchain as the mainstream of 

the global payment solution. 



 

Plancoin.co 33 

We have an almost free transaction fee for all the transactions that take place 

on PLANCOIN platform. The advantages of PLANCOIN over other crypto-coin is 

its cost. PLANCOIN will only charge you as low as 0.0001 commission for all the 

transactions that take place on our platform. With this transaction fee, 

PLANCOIN will be the most cost-effective cryptocoin among its peers. This low 

commission fee plays two important roles: 

• It provides the best cost-effective alternative to most crypto-payment 

platforms and traditional payment services 

• Encourages the retailer and merchants to adopt and integrate 

cryptocoin payment effectively and efficiently. PLANCOIN will introduce 

the blockchain benefits to every retail and e-commerce stores 

throughout the world. 

In reality, we are more concerned on spreading the technology of blockchain 

globally but not getting the maximum commission fee for any transaction on 

our platform. The effective and quick penetration of a massive dynamic 

industry of blockchain is more important than concentrating on a single line 

of transaction this day. Our strategies and approaches are particularly 

designed to reach the lowest of the low e-commerce and retail stores and 

enhance their potentials in the present evolving decentralized global 

payments industry. 



 

Plancoin.co 34 

Algorithm Scrypt 

Type PoW/PoS 

Coin name PLANCOIN 

Ticker Symbol PLAN 

Coin supply 35,000,000 coins 

Block reward 11 coins 

PoS percentage 72% per year 

Last PoW block block 10000 

Min. stake age 8 hours 

Max. stake age Unlimited 

Coinbase maturity 20 blocks 

Target spacing 60 seconds 

Target timespan 1 block 

Transaction confirmations 3 blocks 

Secp256k1 ver New 

Dev language C++ 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 35 

To ensure that all our participating merchants have access to our payment 

portal on their respective E-commerce stores, we have installed an AI that 

automatically handles all the transactions carried out on the platform. This is 

in an attempt to reward the customers for every purchases or referral and to 

incentivize the most productive action of our merchants. The PLANCOIN is a 

Blockchain-based peer-to-peer and crypto-payment ecosystem, integrated 

into the E-commerce industry and which is beneficial to all the participants. 

Every merchant on the network increases not just the overall value of the 

network but also their own value. Through our loyalty management system, 

each participant significantly benefits from the platform by rewarding them 

for every product purchased using the PLAN token.  

Also, they have unlimited access to some exceptional loyalty and rewards 

system free of charge. As a result, we promote members of our community in 

every possible way through exchanging tokens on the platform, developing 

new applications, reduced payment and transaction fees, and experience the 

benefits of paying through PLAN in the E-commerce industry. The PLANCOIN 

ecosystem will not only promote the rapid growth of participating merchants, 

but also update its members on the future of the platform. 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 36 



 

Plancoin.co 37 

In order to make our platform easy and convenient for all our members, we 

have simplified the processes to reduce the long and unnecessary payments 

processes inherent in the traditional payment industry.  

These processes are: 

▪ The participating merchants with their different e-commerce stores 

connect to the PLANCOIN system by installing the PLAN extension or by 

integrating it with their e-commerce store. 

▪ The AI automatically rewards customers with PLAN for their and their 

on the platform. The module carries out all the needed token processing 

through the PLANCOIN platform. 

▪ Because of the limited token cap and continuous issuance of PLAN 

token, the value of PLAN may increase as more and more retailers join 

the platform. 

▪ The probable appreciation of PLAN motivates customers to save their 

tokens instead of redeeming them for purchases, also reducing the 

number of tokens in circulation. 



 

Plancoin.co 38 

Regardless of the history of their traditional payment or crypto-payment 

partners, E-commerce stores or products, individual merchant can join 

PLANCOIN and enjoy the full benefits of the platform. We also aim to on-

board our participating partners who might be new to making payment with 

cryptocoin on the different e-commerce stores. Also, we will manage both 

their E-commerce stores and traditional in-store operations.  All other related 

crypto-payment and transactions will be addressed by PLANCOIN. The 

platform is typified by greater exchangeability and flexibility as we are able 

to address these issues with greater choice of design and approach. 



 

Plancoin.co 39 

Since a lot of merchants and retailers on the different e-commerce platforms 

dislike operating directly with cryptocurrency exchanges, PLANCOIN will 

manage and control all the transactions and exchanges taking place on the 

PLANCOIN ecosystem. As a way of promoting the usage of PLAN tokens and 

increase the value of individual products on our platform, transacting on a 

safe and secure PLANCOIN platform offers great opportunity for our 

participating merchants to use the distributed ledger technologies and enjoy 

the full benefits of PLANCOIN ecosystem. Extended support and 

developmental tools to achieve a crypto-based payment platform in order to 

reshape the peer-to-peer payment industry will also be provided by 

PLANCOIN.  

Similarly, the platform offers legal and tax advice and provide unending 

technical supports to all PLANCOIN token holders.



 

Plancoin.co 40 

1. The plug-in installed by PLAN merchants would trigger a notification once 

a customer makes payments with PLAN tokens. An identification such as the 

wallet ID of the buyer or the associating e-mail address may be included in 

this inquiry. 

 

2. When the ID of this customer (such as the wallet address) is received by 

PLANCOIN, the corresponding PLAN tokens will be transferred from the stock 

to the wallet by the system. A new account may, therefore, be created by 

PLANCOIN if the wallet address in not known and the customer will be 

alerted of the new account and its details once the equivalent PLAN tokens 

have been transferred. The customer will then need to install the web wallet 

or PLANCOIN app using the link sent by PLANCOIN. Upon installation, the 

merchant may choose to transfer the PLAN tokens to their other wallet or 

transact on PLANCOIN platform.  

 

3. A bill, in fiat currency and for the participating merchant will be created by 

PLANCOIN once the operation is completed.



 

Plancoin.co 41 

1. An API alerts the retailer of the E-commerce store when a merchant 

purchases using PLAN tokens  

2. PLANCOIN, to reply this request, then sends the account details back to 

the number with the same value to be made as the payment for the 

specified number of PLAN tokens. 

3. The fiat currency is then transferred by PLANCOIN to the retailer once 

the token has been received. 



 

Plancoin.co 42 

PLAN provides our participating merchants an outstanding cryptocurrency-

based payment platform designed specifically for the global peer-to-peer 

and retail/E-commerce industry with a view to acquiring new customers, 

meet the demands, and reward the existing ones. We have a tailored-

payment branding platform with a direct access to communicate with our 

merchants and adopt the protocols for a complete client data analytics to 

guarantee a unique payment industry ecosystem reshaped by PLANCOIN. As 

a result, our ecosystem is open to the existing business, e-commerce stores, 

and new entrants in the industry. This means that the interested individuals 

can join PLANCOIN without adjusting their existing ecosystem or 

architecture. Similarly, this integration with PLANCOIN will be seamless and 

non-disruptive since we have an open operating mechanism. The interested 

merchants with no crypto-based payment feature can also depend on 

PLANCOIN to develop a new program for their ecosystem. We are at the 

nexus of an out-of-the-box solution for the E-commerce stores and tailored-

made crypto payment program. The motive to on-board the traditional 

payment industry and centralized E-commerce industry is behind the 

creation of PLANCOIN. 

PLANCOIN LIMITED, the giant company who owns PLAN aimed at disrupting 

the global cryptosphere, support the PLANCOIN ecosystem, and continuously 



 

Plancoin.co 43 

bringing innovation to ensure its continuous existence. While having an 

access to the existing PLANCOIN participants, PLAN will increase in 

popularity and customer base as new user will add its customer base to the 

PLANCOIN platform. As more and more merchants join our platform, the 

PLANCOIN ecosytem and PLAN tokens will increase in value since the 

merchants will probably make payments for the goods purchased across 

many categories of our participating merchants. This would enable more 

merchants to join PLANCOIN as they see the benefits of being a PLAN token 

holder. 



 

Plancoin.co 44 

In many instances, there might be cases when an item or transaction from 

one member fails to meet the demand of the other party. If these parties can 

solve this without a third party, isn't it good? But what happens if they can't? 

 

To resolve this on our platform, we will introduce a rating system for all our 

members. This will be applicable to all our participants or users. For example, 

if the buyer fails to get his product as a result of some uncontrollable 

circumstances, it is always a nice idea to have a backup irrespective of what 

happens. As a result, if both parties fail to resolve this within a stipulated 

period, a procedure will be initiated through our AI merchant rating system. 

If a common agreement is reached, no negative feedback will be to any of 

the parties. 



 

Plancoin.co 45 

DISRUPTING 

THE INDUSTRY 



 

Plancoin.co 46 

The desire to develop a synergy of increased cryptocurrency value and efficient 

crypto-payment platform is one of the primary visions that birthed PLANCOIN. 

The general acceptance of cryptocurrency in the retail and e-commerce 

industry also compliments the idea of developing a platform that offers a safe, 

secure, and instant crypto-payment service; PLanCoin. Ideally, these desires 

make it easy to be part of this growing community. Following the present 

dynamic rules of the financial sector and that of PLANCOIN philosophy, the 

development of different decentralized platforms will continue to grow at a 

more rapid rate. 

 

Using the PLANCOIN cryptocard, you will be able to make payment at your 

favorite e-commerce stores and enjoy the benefit of discounts using the PLAN 

tokens. All the transactions will be stored in a secure wallet. Furthermore, we 

will also provide the most efficient and cost-effective crypto-payment solution 

for our participating merchants and PLAN token holders. 

 

This encompassing solution which begins from every PLAN token holder or 

merchant and ends at any of the biggest E-commerce stores is amazing and 

unique. PLANCOIN aims at reaching all the members and participants of our 

ecosystem in order to provide fast and smooth payment services. This could 

only be feasible by minimizing as many layers as possible in the payment 

phases; one of the problems PLANCOIN seeks to solve. 



 

Plancoin.co 47 

The capitalization on the crypto-market rapidly increases every day. Since this 

only highlights the beginning of a new era of decentralizing; PLANCOIN earns 

believe from the unprecedented growth of Blockchain technologies, Crypto-

payment, and e-commerce. Ideally, we are of the opinion that the 

developmental growth of the crypto-payment industry will increase with the 

value of digital assets. To further assert the future growth of these markets, 

check the trend of the industry below: 



 

Plancoin.co 48 

Instant, secure, and traceable crypto-payments throughout the world 

The risk of fraud is one of the challenges of any decentralized currency. With 

PLANCOIN, we will make sure that you are in charge of all the details of your 

digital assets. PLANCOIN will be created to avoid centralizing the information 

and make sure that no individual can manipulate, impact or see any data of 

our participating merchant, business or individual. All the wallets and their 

related private keys will only be opened to the holder of the particular wallet. 

The relationship between the merchants and buyers is the other side of the 

business. According to MarketsAndMarkets.com, about 2% of the total 

business revenues are lost annually as a result of the fraudulent activities, 

centralizing the different phases of the payment processes isn't enough to 

curb these acts. 

PLANCOIN will make use of the strategies employed by the technology of 

Blockchain to design a merchant rating system that will minimize or prevent 

the potential loss of funds. One of the advantages of decentralization is that 

some of the transactions will be publicly and easily seen on the Blockchain 

networks. Through this, there will be a safe environment to avoid the 

continuous fraud emanating from similar sources. 



 

Plancoin.co 49 

It is not necessary to be a participating member of PLANCOIN before you can 

use PLAN token or offer PLANCOIN as a reward. Our open API ensures that 

merchants that are not PLANCOIN customers will have access to and 

participate in different transactions on our platform. You can make 

payments, exchange and purchase PLAN tokens using our web wallets or 

PLANCOIN mobile app. These retailers can integrate their E-commerce stores 

into our system and maintain their apps using our API to offer redemption 

and receive payments. Similarly, their customers can use our wallet to 

purchase their goods and services using PLAN token. Also, they can create 

their unique custom solutions to transact on PLANCOIN using PLAN tokens. 



 

Plancoin.co 50 

The plug-ins adopted by PLANCOIN are widgets and which are particularly 

developed for PLANCOINplatform to reward our participating merchants and 

to pay with PLAN tokens in a bid to rewarding their purchases and referrals. 

These widgets make it easy to integrate your E-commerce stores to 

PLANCOIN platform. Customers do not need to leave PLANCOIN searching for 

-commerce stores. 

In essence, the PLANCOIN plugin includes: 

1. A cart protection tool to incentivize all the completed purchases is 

installed which will also increase the customer's purchases and minimize the 

number of abandoned purchases. 

2. Creating a referral network integrated with the different social media 

platforms. 

3. Monitoring individual purchases and calculating their reward points. 



 

Plancoin.co 51 

Since all transactions will pass through PLANCOIN using the fiat currencies, 

our participating merchants do not need to create another crypto-wallet 

again. As a result, they can store their cryptocurrencies and the likes which 

they use for transactions and make purchases with PLAN using this wallet. 

-wallet which will be installed on their servers will be an 

open-source software. To ensure maximum security, the private key for the 

e saved on the servers. Moreover, we will also 

create a docker image with all the vital settings to ensure convenience. To 

make is simple and still secured, we will use the PLANCOIN API to save the 

keys. We will also use the two common types of secured storage platforms: 

the hot storage for the current transactions and cold storage for the large 

amounts. We will also connect the hot wallet to the retailer's extensions such 

as auditing and CMS using our private API. 



 

Plancoin.co 52 

▪ Our corporate payment system on the respective e-commerce stores  

▪ Mobile SDK to integrate PLANCOIN into the merchant's store 

▪ An instantaneous notification system 

 

Because of the security and speed it provides, PLAN token solely depends on 

Ethereum network. It is programmed to adopt the security guidelines and 

ease of access of the SCRYPT ALGORITHM. PLAN Tokens are required for all 

the transactions on PLANCOIN platform and represents the accepted tokens 

for all participating customers or PLAN token holders.  

For every transaction made on PLANCOIN platform; be it issuance, transfer or 

exchange, the initiator of the transaction will pay a small fee for using the 

PLANCOIN Blockchain. These small transaction fees may also be used to 

reward and incentivize the active users on PLANCOIN platform. It is, however, 

important to note that this transaction fee, irrespective of the transaction 

value, is fixed. It is set to a single USD digit in cent value. 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 53 

People get involved with cryptocurrency in two ways: they can either buy it 

or sell it. In either of the ways, however, the merchants or customers increase 

the circulation and promote the value of the currency involved; this case, 

PLANCOIN. The PLAN token, therefore, is a custom-based token for the peer-

to-peer and crypto-payment industries, specifically designed for the global E-

commerce industry in particular. PLAN token will be released into a public 

ICO and any fund generated through this ICO will be used mainly for 

infrastructural development, product research and development, office setup, 

and other PLANCOIN pre-launching activities. The second phase would see 

the release of PLANCOIN for all merchants, users or retailers who wish to 

purchase, trade, sell or hold PLAN token. The sale and purchase processes will 

be majorly hosted on the leading exchanges. More information about this will 

be released by our team in the subsequent articles and newsletters. 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 54 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 55 

Online wallet is one of the most intriguing developments for all 

cryptocurrency enthusiasts as it is readily available for everyday use. It is 

ultrafast, very secure, and easy to use. All the PLANCOIN users are required to 

register for a web wallet account to use the PLANCOIN web wallet and enjoy 

its features. 

The features of PLANCOIN Web wallet are: 

▪ It is particularly designed to make payments and or exchange on all E-

commerce stores 

▪ creates & owns multiple addresses in one account 

▪ Send & receive PLAN token within a second 

▪ a web wallet with 2FA security enabled features 

▪ safe, transparent, and secure wallet data  

▪ an interface that is easy to use 

▪ developed to notify the users of all the transactions on PLANCOIN 

platform 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 56 

The web wallet of PLANCOIN is ultrafast, convenient, and secured with 

exceptional algorithms for wallet security. The PLAN token, either by 

organization or individual, can be sent or received by providing the custom 

fees for every transaction made on PLANCOIN. 

 

Suitable for every computer 

The web wallet of PLANCOIN is ultrafast, convenient, and secured with 

exceptional algorithms for wallet security. The PLAN token, either by 

organization or individual, can be sent or received by providing the custom 

fees for every transaction made on PLANCOIN. 

 

Single step feature 



 

Plancoin.co 57 

The PLANCOIN web wallet has a single step login access to all its users. This 

also involves our authentication security system to prevent any theft or fraud 

during the transaction. 

Secure and stable connection 

Following the available security protocols, PLANCOIN web wallet built on the 

ethereum network is always up and running. 

 

Easy transactions 

Safe and instantaneous confirmation within seconds. Send, exchange, and 

receive funds with a single click of the mouse. 

 

PLAN token storage facility 

Particularly created to hold coins in the web wallet for future use, one of the 

things that makes  

PLANCOIN outstanding is its online coin storage. Being a normal user or 

online coin storage.  However, a normal web wallet, as might be expected 



 

Plancoin.co 58 

provides a range of supports for its users. As it is widely believed, 

cryptocurrency is built on a multilingual system and a lot of crypto-

enthusiasts prefer using it in their conventional languages. PLANCOIN is 

championing the course of having a multilingual platform in this regard as 

we plan to support tons of languages in future. This will further assert our 

commitment to a borderless transaction within seconds. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 59 

PLANCOIN mobile wallet makes sending/receiving PLAN tokens very easy and 

convenient. We will unveil the mobile app for iOS and android. The technical 

and developer team will make plans for the other mobile platform in our 

upcoming releases.  This wallet built on a mobile app is developed on a 

completely secure code on the blockchain to carry out a faster and more 

secured transaction within seconds. More so, the PLANCOIN mobile based 

wallet is well maintained just to provide better user interface. 

Features of PLANCOIN Mobile Wallet 

 EASY TO USE INTERFACE: 

PLANCOIN mobile wallet allows you to send and receive PLAN 

token payments on the go. All what you need is to login into your 

wallet on your smartphone, scan the QR code of the recipient and 

click the Send button. It is that simple! 

 Backup Phrase Protection: 

There are infinite backup opportunities secured by backup 

phrase protection protocols using the PLANCOIN mobile app. 

 Ability to access the wallet remotely: 

There are no internet protocol restrictions as you can access your 

PLAN mobile wallet remotely using the mobile app. 



 

Plancoin.co 60 

 Secure mobile wallet: 

Developed on the real concepts all mobile application 

development, PLANCOIN mobile wallet follows the guidelines of 

the mobile application companies which makes it safe and 

secure for all transactions. 

 In-chat system of payment: 

The In-chat mode system of payment can also be used to send 

and receive PLAN tokens from the other users on our platform. As 

the sender, what you need is just to enter the total amount of 

tokens to be sent on the recipient's chat and that's all. PLAN 

would be deposited immediately the receiver approves the 

transaction. 

 Request for payment: 

The ability to request a payment is a very important feature of 

PLANCOIN mobile app. This can be used to make payments and 

request for tokens that are due from merchants, other PLAN 

token holders or friends. This payment can be requested using 

the single touch button and the receiving party will immediately 

get an invoice for the payment once it is confirmed. 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 61 

We are more focused on spreading the technology of crypto-payment 

worldwide but not gaining a maximum amount of transaction fee from any 

transaction on PLANCOIN. The efficient and instant penetration of the 

remarkable changing Blockchain industry is even more essential than 

concentrating on the commission fee. Hence, we will embark on global sales 

and intensive marketing campaign as a way of gaining more users and lead 

the market. Most of the E-commerce stores will integrate the PLANCOIN 

platform on their stores.  

Our business model is designed to spread to different e-commerce stores 

and foster their potentials in the newly evolving decentralized global 

payment industry. Our little transaction fee is already an essential point to 

emphasize when we are talking about the competition and even the 

business itself. Most of this revolves around the fee that most payment 

gateways can't afford but which is enough, as a catalyst needed for the 

development of the platform; where efficiency and low transaction fee are 

always the factors. 

Over all, we will only charge this minimal commission fee but will guarantee 

the quality of all the transactions in relation to its availability, effectiveness, 

and speed on the PLANCOIN platform. Our experience and competent team 

will enable PLANCOIN to claim its leading position in the industry. 



 

Plancoin.co 62 

Particularly in the E-commerce world, marketing is one of the most vital 

considerations. With the increasingly and huge costs attached to marketing 

and advertisements, corporations are being forced to look for new and 

attractive methods of marketing their brands and adopt new cost-effective 

innovations. As the technology of Blockchain continues to grow, brands are 

afforded greater ways to engage with their end-users to build lasting 

impressions. From personalization to loyalty programs and partnerships, the 

possibilities are many and varied, making the future of crypto-payment and 

e-commerce industries extremely impactful and promising. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Plancoin.co 63 

The business development strategy employed by PLANCOIN isn't only to 

spread technically but also aimed at creating a platform typifies by great 

trust and reputation which will further enhance our expansion by continuous 

improvements and great feedbacks. As earlier emphasized, our primary aim 

is to be available for all e-commerce stores globally. We understand that 

there are great ways to achieve this and that's why we have a formidable 

team of experts and professionals in the industry. Again.it is essential to 

orientate the newly developing clientele since not all individuals are fully 

aware of the great potentials achievable from blockchain technology. We will 

ensure that these benefits and potentials are evenly distributed among our 

users. 

 

 

 

 

 

 


