













































Decentralized Cloud Gaming Platform

v. 1.30

Pre-Sale:  
September 26 - October 29

ICO: 
November 1 (08:00, GMT+3) – November 30

http://playkey.io


Table of Contents
Executive Summary 

The Future of Gaming and the Playkey Mission

 Gaming revolution – moving into the cloud

 Industry leaders predict – the future of gaming is streaming

 The Playkey mission – to leverage the cloud gaming revolution during the   
 early stage by decentralization 

 Gaming market size and the urgent need for streaming services

The Playkey Cryptocurrency – The PKT Token

 Purpose and technical description of the token

 PKT Token usage opportunities

 Benefits for miners and gamers

The Playkey Ecosystem

 The core of the Playkey Ecosystem – cloud gaming

 Playkey Ecosystem further development – other use cases

The Playkey Foundation

 Foundation management philosophy

 Identity service

Technical descriptions of the token and platform, and their limitations

 Gamer’s workflow

 Miner’s workflow

 Interaction between a miner and a gamer

 Client – server

 On chain and off chain

ICO 

 PKT issuance and distribution

 Development Program and Budget

 Episode 1 development steps

 Episode 2 development steps (further to Episode 1 steps)

 Episode 3 development steps (further to Episode 1 and 2)

 Episode 4 development steps (further to Episodes 1, 2 and 3)
 
Marketing model
 
PKT token price mechanics and economics
 
Playkey Team and Advisors

 The Playkey team

 Advisors

 Legal Partner

Legal Disclaimer

3

4

4

4
 

5

5

8

8

8

9

11

11

13

14

15

15

16

17

17

18

18

18

19

19

20

21

21

22

22
 

23   
25 

28

29

31

35
 

36



3

Executive Summary
Playkey, a leading cloud gaming provider, is contemplating an ICO with the intent of exponentially 
accelerating the pace of cloud gaming development through decentralization. The aim is to provide 
gamers with a reasonably-priced opportunity to play top rated games anytime and anywhere, using 
any device connected to Internet, without having to purchase a high-end PC or console.

The revolution of cloud gaming has picked-up steam, but is still struggling through  
some obstacles, namely:

• the complicated process of game streaming software development;

• getting approval from game developers and publishers to use their game titles on cloud platforms;

• the high cost of hardware (professional GPUs, server equipment, data storage equipment, etc.).

Playkey is based on proven working technology. The team of 45 experienced R&D specialists, 
collaborate with leading game publishers including Ubisoft, Bethesda and Wargaming. Playkey 
has a network of 120 Nvidia Grid powered servers based in London, Frankfurt, Amsterdam 
and Moscow, and is backed by a large European VC fund. 

Playkey aims to create an ecosystem for cloud gaming and other use cases  
(“The Playkey Ecosystem”) featuring:

• Dozens of independent owners of powerful computers worldwide (“miners”) united within 
a community, and acting as cloud gaming service providers;

• A single universal ecosystem cryptocurrency —the PKT token— which will be issued via the ICO;

• Unified high standards of cloud gaming service (SLA) set in the form of a miner-gamer smart 
contract;

• A governing and community regulating body — Playkey Foundation, the issuer of the PKT token, 
responsible for service and ecosystem development.

All parties benefit from participating in the Playkey Ecosystem:

• Miners get an efficient option to utilize their computational capacities that is more efficient, more 
stable, and less risky than cryptocurrency mining;

• Gamers will be able to choose the best and closest server for playing;

• Game developers and publishers will expand their client base. 

Funds collected through the ICO are will be used for development of the Playkey Ecosystem 
and cloud gaming popularization. The main terms and conditions of the ICO and PKT token 
are as follows:

• Total number of PKT to be issued is 100 000 000 units long-term non-inflationary;

• 60% of issued tokens are intended to be sold, 12.5% are reserved for the Playkey Foundation, 
and the rest will be distributed among team, escrow agent, bounty and ICO advisors;

• PKT tokens are to be implemented on the public Ethereum blockchain in accordance with 
the ERC20 (Ethereum Token Standard Tokens);

• Cap is set at PKT 100 000 000 (one hundred million) level;

• ICO proceeds are going to be used for the Playkey Ecosystem and cloud gaming  
service development;

• The funds will be stored in ETH, bitcoins and US dollars after the end of the ICO to minimize 
the risks.

Subject to the amount collected, the planned structure for fund use is as follows:

• Service marketing, promotion and PR – 25-45% of total fund;

• R&D expenses (mainly salaries and wages) – 20-50%;

• Infrastructural costs – 20-30%;

• Operational costs – 4-5%.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cloud_gaming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_contract
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_contract
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethereum
https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard


4

The Future of Gaming and the Playkey Mission

Gaming revolution – moving into the cloud
• Gaming is moving into the cloud, following video, music and other services. For gamers, 

cloud gaming is 10x cheaper than owning personal gaming hardware (PC/console), leveraging 
share economy principles.

• The development of GPUs, the Internet, and low-latency streaming, have diminished 
the demand for personal gaming hardware. In fact, the next generation of consoles could 
be the last one that is based on hardware.

• Moving gaming into cloud technology has now become inevitable – 70% of Steam players 
are unable to play AAA titles like GTA V in high resolution, and 30% of players cannot even run 
such titles on their obsolete PCs.

• The demand for cloud gaming will continue to grow. The demand for latest-generation hardware, 
and the increased requirements from gaming caused by resource-intensive VR technologies, 
will be making home hardware more and more expensive and non-viable for casual gamers.

PETER MOORE
CEO of Electronic Arts

”I’m not sure there will be consoles as we know them anymore. 
Games will be accessed by streaming technology, so we don’t need 
hardware intermediaries in between the two. If you and I want 
to play Battlefield 12 against each other, we’ll just jump into a game 
via whatever monitor we happen to have in our homes. It’ll 
be on a chip, rather than in a box”

YVES GUILLEMOT
CEO of Ubisoft

“…For the new consoles, there’s nothing official on that so my 
expectation is we will have another cycle of consoles before we go 
to streaming…”

KATSUHIRO HARADA
Tekken/Bandai Namco director and producer

“When there’s the PS5, it will probably be just a controller 
and a monitor. Then, the thing that will be left is the name 
of the service”

AZAD MUKHUROV
Cloud Services Leader Russia&CIs of IBM

Home hardware quickly becomes obsolete. This is a constant 
“arms race” for gamers . Do you want to play new games with high 
quality? You should regularly pay for equipment upgrades. I think 
cloud services are an excellent solution to this problem. It gives 
way out of the vicious cycle and allows you to play new games 
forgetting about regular upgrades.

Industry leaders predict – the future of gaming is streaming



5

The Playkey mission – to leverage the cloud gaming revolution during 
the early stage by decentralization

• Allow all gamers to play any game they wish, on any device connected to the Internet, using 
a decentralized cloud model, by leveraging the existing proprietary technology, product 
and business of Playkey.

• Create the world’s largest platform and marketplace for all hardware providers, gamers and other 
participants in the emerging industry of cloud gaming.

• Provide a decentralized ecosystem with a core platorm for miners and gamers, based 
on blockchain technology, which provides private/professional GPU owners with a new way 
to earn money. The way that is more efficient, more stable, and less risky than crypto-mining, 
while providing gamers with an affordable way to play AAA games, without using latest 
generaton hardware.

Gaming market size and the urgent need for streaming services

The global entertainment market (games, music, video) has been actively moving into the cloud 
for the past 5 years. Nowadays, users don’t need to download digital content to their devices 
(computer, phone, laptop or tablet). Instead, they can consume it online from the cloud.

Up until recently, there were no working technologies that would allow the transmission of a high-
quality real-time image with minimal response time (ping < 100 ms), and without corrupted visuals, 
hangs, or frame losses, while at the same time supporting the minimal-ping input from the user that 
is crucial for cloud-streamed gaming — a condition that distinctively separates it from less demanding 
media such as one-way video or audio streaming. Only a low-ping output and input solution can 
provide the user with a seamless cloud-gaming experience on AAA titles, without having to purchase 
expensive gaming hardware that can amount to over $1 500 on the current market. Now, Playkey 
is one of the pioneering developers and providers of this technology. 

Experts believe that the future of gaming is in the cloud, and Playkey 
believes that it should be decentralized!

YVES GUILLEMOT
CEO of Ubisoft

Streaming will totally change the way we create and play games, 
and will again positively disrupt how we think about gaming



6

GAMING MARKET SIZE
According to the Newzoo’s Global Games Market Report for 2017 there are 2.2 billion active gamers 
in the world, of which 47% (1.0 billion gamers) spend money while playing. These gamers are expected 
to generate $108.9B in game revenues in 2017 (for comparison, in 2015, the global PC games market 
was estimated at $ 91.9B).

Also according to the report, consumers are spending more time than ever playing games, 
and this is especially true for millennials. The reason for this, is that games now cater to a much wider 
variety of interests. This includes “lean-forward” (gaming intensely or casually), “lean-back” (viewing 
content created by peers or provided by the professional gaming scene), and “creating unique content 
and sharing” (on-demand and live streaming).

2012

$70.57
$76.48

$84.72
$91.91

$101.06
$108.90

$115.83
$122.72

$128.46

2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020

GLOBAL GAMES MARKET REVENUE DEVELOPMENT
2012-2020

4%
$51.2 BN +9.2 YOY

24%

25%

47%

ASIA – PACIFIC

$27.0 BN +4.0 YOY
NORTH AMERICA

$4.4 BN +13.9 YOY
LATIN AMERICA

$26.2 BN +8.0 YOY

EUROPE, 
MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA

$108.9BN
2017 TOTAL

+7.8% YOY

https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach-108-9-billion-in-2017-with-mobile-taking-42/


7

EVALUATION OF THE SEGMENTED ADDRESSABLE MARKET (SAM) VOLUME

PC-gamers, 
billion people

The share of PC gamers with a  
low-end PC (less than 4Gb vRAM;  
not able to play AAA games),%

Share of paying 
users, %

Monthly Average Revenue per 
Paying User, $

Lifetime, 
months

Lifetime 
Value, $

SAM,  
$ billion

1.5 68.6% 10.9% 14.6 12 176 19.7

URGENT NEED IN STREAMING SERVICES – STEAM USERS STATISTICS
Steam conducts a monthly survey to collect data about which computer hardware and software their 
customers use.

Based on the statistics for June 2017, using the system requirements for the games presented 
in the Playkey service, we calculated the percentage of customers to whom these games are not 
available in high quality, based on the technical specifications of their computers.

Title

Recommended 
GPU VRAM system 
requirements

Steam users with 
insufficient GPU VRAM 
(unable to play with 
high quality)

Skyrim SE 3 GB 65,75%

Sniper Elite 4 4 GB 68,62%

Mafia 3 4 GB 68,62%

Dishonored 2 6 GB 81,14%

http://store.steampowered.com/hwsurvey/


8

The Playkey Cryptocurrency – The PKT Token

Purpose and technical description of the token
Playkey introduces an open source cryptographic token – PKT. PKT is a cryptocurrency that 
will be used to buy and sell cloud gaming subscriptions as well as other Playkey services and future 
products. It will be the unit of account for all economic transactions within the Playkey Ecosystem, 
and will be used as a basis for interaction with other digital services.

PKT is a fixed-supply cryptocurrency. It is long-term non-inflationary. Units of PKT are fungible 
and transferable, and they are expected to trade on cryptocurrency exchanges.

PKT will be implemented on the public Ethereum blockchain in accordance with the ERC20 
(Ethereum Token Standard). Any token implemented according to the ERC-20 standard is compatible 
with the existing infrastructure of the Ethereum ecosystem, which allows for quick and easy 
implementation. Advanced functions and high activity within the Ethereum ecosystem make 
it the most suitable for issuing PKT.

PKT Token usage opportunities
SHORT TERM
In the short term, PKT will be used for transactions between miners and gamers, and for purchasing 
gaming software. During the first stage, Playkey will integrate the PKT wallet into all Playkey accounts 
and will transfer all current transactions to PKT.

It is expected that PKT tokens will be bought by gamers on cryptocurrency exchanges, or on Playkey’s 
official website. Gamers pay tokens to miners for playing. Miners share revenue with the Playkey 
Foundation, which supports the software, organizes relationships with publishers, marketing 
and ecosystem development.

Pays with PKT Token

Miner with GPU
Powered PC Virtualise DOOM

Gamer With Obsolete PC
Plays DOOM

Virtualize and Stream Game
on a Smart Contact Terms

Miner with Nvidia or 
AMD Powered PC

% of the 
revenue

Service 
support fee

Marke;ng & PR

• Global Strategy
  • Pricing polices and miners SLA term

• Game publishers rela;ons
• SoFware development
• Games implementa;on
• Tech support

Miners Community 
Managment

PLAYKEY
FOUNDATION PLAYKEY COMPANY

MARKETING FUNDINFRASTRUCTURE FUND GLOBAL INITIATIVES



9

Initially, Playkey will be offering packages that can be used in smart contracts between miners 
and gamers fixing gaming time (hour, monthly, weekly, others) and quality preferences (HD, Full HD, 
Ultra). A smart contract monitors the specified conditions of achievement or violation of the contract’s 
clauses, and makes independent decisions based on the conditions that have been programmed. 
The smart contract ensures full automation and reliability of contractual relations between people.

The Playkey Foundation will be working closely with the miner community to recommend the most 
mutually-beneficial pricing. However, the final pricing decision will be left to the miners themselves. 
The Foundation’s goal is to build a sustainable business model so that gamers who are unfamiliar with 
blockchain technologies can experience good quality gaming easily.

Special SLA (service level agreements) requirements will be developed for miners to ensure that 
they provide an outstanding level of gaming quality to the user. The SLA will include the minimum 
requirements for hardware, broadband channel bandwidth, and uptime.

MEDIUM TERM
In the medium term, Playkey will decentralize the infrastructure. Servers purchased by the Development 
Fund after the ICO will be put on open auction, and every PKT holder will have the chance to purchase 
computing capacity that will generate revenue for its owner.

Additionally, every miner will be able to create their own smart contracts to attract money from PKT 
holders and provide gamers/communities with the opportunity to fund their local regional professional 
miners so as to minimize latency and maximize the quality of the streaming service.

LONG TERM
In the long term, the Playkey Foundation will expand the ecosystem to cover R&D, marketing, game 
development and publishing, in-game currencies, e-sport and live streams, apps and content creation.

The primary goal of the Playkey Ecosystem is to provide advantages and benefits to all participants, 
which will fuel growth in the number of service providers and platform users. The key initial driver 
of the ecosystem growth will be the cloud gaming services, which will provide high value both for miners 
and gamers.

Miners’ benefits
Providing hardware to gamers will be:

• 2-3 times more efficient than any altcoin mining add opportunities; 

• More stable in the short, medium and long term than cryptocurrency mining;

• Less risky than cryptocurrency mining due to its intrinsic value — the mining return is much more 
predictable and mostly based on being an alternative to buying one’s own gaming hardware  
(PC/console);

• A good alternative/hedging option for those private or professional miners who have already bought 
GPUs and can’t use them effectively due to the increasing competition on the crypto mining market.

Miner with Nvidia or AMD Powered PC$10/day $1.5/day



10

GAMERS’ BENEFITS
Gamers will get the following benefits:

• The ability to play AAA titles on obsolete/old/non-gaming (Mac) hardware (min. requirements:

    CPU >= 1.5 GHz (for Video Adapter with H.264 hardware decoding support));

• The ability to receive high level SLA with low latency and great picture quality;

• The ability to play anywhere;

• The ability to play on any device – Mac, tablets, Smart TV, etc.;

• A plug’n’play solution to purchase playing time with just 1 click, without having to spend hours 
downloading a game;

• The opportunity to pay 4x as few as they would pay for the gaming hardware, while receiving 
the same benefits. The price of a gaming PC is $1 500. When purchased using a pay-monthly 
scheme over a period of 3 years, the price for per month for that same PC is $41. A monthly cloud 
subscription fee can be one-fourth of that price.

We expect that an open, decentralized cloud gaming market 
will provide both private and professional miners with the opportunity 

to generate 2-3 times more cash with a lower risk level than 
crypto mining, and will decrease prices for gamers by 50%, which 

will allow more gamers to play games, thus expanding Playkey’s user 
base and number of hardware providers.



11

The Playkey Ecosystem

Playkey will be a blockchain-based decentralized ecosystem for gaming services 
that will cover the following market segments and participants:

• The core participants in the Playkey Ecosystem are gamers and miners 
(cloud gaming hardware providers). Playkey is expected to build a large, 
private and professional community of miners, and become 
the largest streaming service provider and marketplace in the world.

• At a later stage, Playkey plans on expanding the ecosystem, 
decentralizing other functions (R&D, game publisher relations, 
marketing), and connecting to the platform other gaming market 
elements and segments such as developers and publishers, in-game 
currencies, e-sport and live streams, apps and content creation.

During the initial stage, the Playkey Ecosystem will be supported 
by the Playkey Company. In the future, Playkey is expected to transfer 
its ecosystem to a fully decentralized independent model.

The core of the Playkey Ecosystem – cloud gaming

CLOUD GAMING ARCHITECTURE
The basic architecture of the service consists of the user choosing the server on the website, 
connecting the client with the server, and fixing the contract at the beginning and the end 
of the game.

A special trade service will be established to connect miners with gamers using smart 
contracts. Miners will be able to develop their own smart contract terms (such as pricing), or join 
the recommended terms based on the gaming market demand.

TV

Obsolete
PC

Miner

Notebook
Macbook

Mobile

PLAYKEY.IO



12

Description of architecture components:

● Clients – Playkey application for various platforms and devices:

○ Desktop – Playkey application for desktops and laptops;

○ TV screen – Playkey application for Smart TV and IPTV / OTT consoles;

○ Phone, Tablet – Playkey application for iOS and Android-based smartphones and tablets;

● Playkey.io – the main Playkey web portal, which contains information about the service, the games 
directory, payment functionality, and a client for Desktop applications;

● Miners – blockchain enthusiasts that share their hardware’s computing capacity with gamers;

● PKT – Playkey Token;

● Game – a game started on a miner’s computer, using the Playkey service;

● Gamer – a user who plays games on a miner’s computer for PKT, using the Playkey service;

● Blockchain – a chain of transaction units;

● Profile storage – file storage for games profiles and saves.

MINERS OVERVIEW
Miners are intended to be approved personalities or organizations with GPU-powered 
hardware resources with  powerfull CPU and RAM that are capable of virtualizing video games in high 
resolution, with a high FPS rate and a wide broadband Internet connection.

Miners will get the most of the revenue in PKT and will share part of the revenue with the Playkey 
Foundation for the purposes of further marketing, R&D and the integration of new games. These 
percentages will be figured out by the Playkey Foundation on the basis of the customers’ needs 
and the miners’ community feedback.

There are two types of miner profiles planned – basic (home/private) miners and professional miners 
who place their hardware in Data centers with a Tier 2 or higher service level. We expect that anyone 
should be able to become a miner. However, we want to develop an ecosystem with a 100% guarantee 
that customers will get an outstanding level of game experience. 

To start as a miner, the requirements are as follows: 

1)  Install the Playkey server side software on your virtual machine;

2)  Setup and run the software; 

3)  Download games available in the Playkey service;

4)  Test your miner node and pass the SLA (service level agreement);

5)  Activate production mode and start mining!

SPECIAL SMART CONTRACTS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT 
AND DECENTRALIZATION OF THE MINERS’ COMMUNITY 
The Playkey Foundation will spend ICO funds to develop the miners’ ecosystem, provide support 
for early miners, help miners to pass SLA tests, and be equipped to offer a high level of service. 

The Playkey Foundation plans to spend 25% of the funds to support the Development Fund. 
This organization will work to create the stability of the ecosystem and support the decentralized 
network of miners. The Development Fund will buy servers, install them in the most efficient 
locations, maintain them, and attract users. 

A significant number of the servers will be regularly auctioned off, so that every PKT holder will have 
the opportunity to buy a profitable server and generate revenue. The minimum price will be set 
by the Development Fund using revenue multipliers, but will not be less than the price of purchase. 
This scheme will be based on the Playkey Foundation smart-contract to guarantee transparency 
and efficiency.

Additionally, every miner will be able to create their own smart contracts to attract money from 
PKT holders and provide gamers/communities with the opportunity to fund their local regional 
professional miners, minimizing latency and maximizing the quality of the streaming service.



13

This approach will be implemented as a process to create a stable and efficient decentralized 
infrastructure.

Playkey Ecosystem further development –  
other use cases
GAME DEVELOPMENT AND PUBLISHING
The Playkey Ecosystem will support a wide range of initiatives for game developers and publishers 
to incentivize the creation of new games with the direct support of the gaming community.

• Direct connection between all the publishers and game developers, and the platform;

• Publishing and crowdselling of games inside the Playkey Ecosystem;

• Support for indie developers through donations and stimulation by Playkey Foundation initiatives.

MARKETING DECENTRALIZATION
The Playkey team believes that the next stage of decentralization will be marketing. It will provide 
a wide range of tools for miners to attract users to their GPU-powered machines (for example, a web 
service, a mobile application).  Overall, these initiatives will provide transparent and fair terms for all 
market stakeholders.

• Large professional miners or regional miner communities can execute local marketing campaigns 
independently, including using their own mobile applications;

• CPA networks and YouTube bloggers can issue their smart contracts in which they would be paid 
for each client that they send to a miner’s server;

• Game selling promotions for publishers via smart contracts.

E-SPORTS AND LIVE STREAMS
In following the gaming industry, the Playkey Ecosystem will develop cybersports initiatives, providing 
gamers and teams with a wide range of fair and engaging competitions. Additionally, the team 
will develop services to support and enhance the game streaming experience for both gamers 
and streamers.

• Global and local gaming competitions via sponsorship, and additional services inside the Playkey 
ecosystems;

• Services for E-sport teams, and sponsorship smart contracts;

• “Play now” button for stream viewers to directly start playing with the streamer;

• Cross-subscription prices – customers buying a stream channel subscription receive a bonus 
for a cloud gaming subscription, and vice versa;

• “Stream now” function for gamers to motivate them to stream directly from the cloud.

GAMING CONTENT CREATION
Playkey will support the creation of content-related services, which will provide fair game reviews 
and interesting content.

• Game magazines and blogs with different monetization schemes via smart contracts inside 
the Playkey Ecosystem;

• YouTube streaming support via smart contracts with publishers and gamers;

• Game reviews or other content (video/text).



14

The Playkey Foundation

The Playkey Foundation is a management company within the Playkey Ecosystem. 
It will be responsible for increasing the platform’s popularity, managing the key rules of the ecosystem, 
and developing a core strategy. 

The primary goal of the Foundation is to develop an open gaming ecosystem that users can find 
value in, and simultaneously supply miners (and other service carriers) with an open and sustainable 
platform to broaden, deliver, and enhance those services, as well as attract users. 

The Foundation’s responsibilities will include managing the Playkey Company and financing 
it for software development needs. The Playkey Company will also do all the negotiations with gaming 
publishers, and will clear all the legal issues to make games available in the system. 

The Playkey Foundation will direct and fund the development of tools that give ecosystem partners 
the ability to build, grow, and create value for one another. The Playkey Foundation will further 
this work by engaging development teams to continue improving the technology suite that supports 
the Playkey Ecosystem.

All proceeds from miners will be channeled through the Playkey Foundation, which will fund 
the development of the Playkey Ecosystem.

The Playkey Foundation will fund R&D and infrastructure development, marketing and PR, and other 
global initiatives.

Marketing initiatives will focus on the attraction of new players to the Playkey Ecosystem, the PR 
of the Playkey Foundation, and then the decentralization of marketing, providing smart contracts 
to advertising agencies and other service providers.

Global initiatives will develop global gaming services, investments, and new services inside the Playkey 
Ecosystem.

Miner with Nvidia or 
AMD Powered PC

% of the 
revenue

Service 
support fee

Marke;ng & PR

• Global Strategy
  • Pricing polices and miners SLA term

• Game publishers rela;ons
• SoFware development
• Games implementa;on
• Tech support

Miners Community 
Managment

PLAYKEY
FOUNDATION PLAYKEY COMPANY

MARKETING FUNDINFRASTRUCTURE FUND GLOBAL INITIATIVES



15

MARKETING 
FUND

• Public rela,ons

• Major marke,ng

• Marke,ng for miners

• Pricing policies for gamers

• Smart contract with 
marke,ng agencies

GLOBAL 
INITIATIVES

• Global gaming strategy

• Bonus payments policy for 
token holders

• Investments strategy

• Government rela;ons

Foundation management philosophy
The Playkey Ecosystem is viewed as a community of ecosystem partners (products and service 
providers) – miners, R&D developers, game publishers and game enthusiasts – that are interconnected 
via the use of PKT and their customers. The Playkey Foundation is meant to be an unbiased, non-
profit, and democratic governance frame for the members of the ecosystem. 

The essential functions of the Playkey Foundation will consist of the open governance of its resources 
collectively with different ecosystem partners, the advancement of the PKT implementation, and all 
matters related to the ecosystem community. 

The Playkey Foundation will administer a centralized ledger and execute on its defined policies 
and protocols in an automated but trustful way, while working towards a fully decentralized method.

In order to fulfill its mission, the Playkey Foundation will dedicate resources to establish a fair 
and transparent governance process that will take into account the voices and needs of all participants 
within the ecosystem. This open governance model will oversee decisions related to legal matters, 
content, and compliance guidelines. 

Resources will be dedicated to foster the ecosystem by working with partners to drive value 
creation and network effects.

To aid the Playkey Foundation in carrying out its mission, the Playkey Foundation will carry 
PKT reserve. The Playkey Foundation is responsible for guaranteeing the security of the PKT 
reserve, as well as transparency in the use of its funds. As part of its mandate, the Playkey 
Foundation will create incentives for digital services and applications that create vibrant services 
within the PKT Ecosystem. 

Identity service
User identity becomes an important issue in a decentralized ecosystem of digital services, 
as users should be able to transact without friction across multiple digital services. The Playkey 
Foundation will maintain a consistent and easy to use identity service, that  will allow to establish 
and communicate a consistent identity across services, to maintain a single, robust wallet, and to own 
an ongoing reputation within the digital environment. The reliability of storing such accounts 
will be ensured by encryption protocols and algorithms of two-factor authentication. The Playkey 
Foundation will also provide participants with the code and the required API to integrate identity 
service. 

INFRASTRUCTURE 
FUND

• Miners community

• Conferences 

• Investments in miners 

• Rela6ons with hardware 
companies 

• Smart contracts with 
miners managment 

• Miners SLA



16

Playkey will initially implement a semi-centralized hybrid on-chain and off-chain transaction service 
for scalable interactions with the PKT cryptocurrency. Playkey will develop and host a centralized 
off-chain ledger with an API available to all digital service partners. However, the transactions in PKT 
will be settled on the Ethereum blockchain. 

This will help avoid network fees in transactions between users, and avoid stress on the public 
network due to the large volume of transactions. It will also improve the user experience in terms 
of latency.

The choice of such an implementation is based on Playkey’s experience. The expected daily 
transaction rate could potentially surpass Ethereum’s throughput capability, posing the risk of network 
congestion.

A purely on-chain architecture may not be optimal at the outset for two reasons:

• Ethereum transaction confirmation times result in a significantly delayed responsiveness that 
is higher than what users typically expect from consumer applications;

• The Ethereum blockchain requires fees to be paid for every transaction. Fees are paid in Ether 
cryptocurrency, creating an adoption barrier for the average user.

This is why the hybrid solution has been chosen. It creates a semi-centralized system in which end 
users will enjoy a standard user experience, insulated from some of the complexity of blockchain 
systems. However, this approach also has the drawbacks typical of a centralized system, such 
as having to rely on trust between participants. In the long term, the Playkey Foundation will move 
towards the migration of the transactional infrastructure into a fully decentralized system, while 
retaining a low friction user experience.

In a decentralized ecosystem, users should be able to make transactions, without any friction, across 
multiple digital services. Therefore, it is important that users establish and communicate a consistent 
identity across services to maintain a single, robust wallet, and to own an ongoing reputation within 
the digital environment. Playkey will support a consistent and easy-to-use identity service, 
and will provide participants with the code, and the required API to integrate it. 

It is necessary to achieve significant success in blockchain technology to provide highly-scalable, low-
cost and cost-effective decentralized systems, and eliminate the need for semi-centralized approaches. 
Progress is already being made in the areas of throughput scalability, sharding, efficient payment 
channels, and decentralized governance protocols.

To accelerate the required advancements, Playkey would welcome the opportunity to work with 
the blockchain technological community, and test these technologies in production by integrating 
them into the PKT transaction services.parameters set by the gamer, will be implemented in 
the future. 

Technical descriptions of the token and platform, 
and their limitations



17

Miner’s workflow
A typical miner’s workflow will be as follows:

• Register on the playkey.io website and create a PKT wallet;

• Download Playkey’s server application;

• Install and configure the software;

• Download the desired games and set the price for playing;

• Register this smart contract in the blockchain.

Gamer’s workflow
A typical gamer’s workflow will be as follows:

• Register on the playkey.io website and create a PKT wallet;

• Download the Playkey client application;

• Top-up the PKT wallet balance by buying PKT for real currency (USD, EUR, etc.);

• Choose the server to play on with the following filters: locaton, ping, the cost of playing on that 
partcular server, reputaton, etc.;

• Select a server and enter into a smart contract with the miner. Auto-selection of the server based 
on the parameters set by the gamer, will be implemented in the future. 

Gamer

Play

Playkey.io Registration

Payment from $ 
to Internal $ Balance

Buying PKT from
internal $ Balance

Manual Selecting
Miner Server

TODO: Auto Selecting Server

Create Cloud PKT Wallet

TODO: Regular Mining 
While Waiting

Miner

Lease

Playkey.io Registration Download PlaykeyServer

Installation and
Configuration

Testing, Tuning, 
Benchmarking...

Download Gamer
Software

Set Prise, Games
Ready to Play

Create Smart Contract Transaction 
with Action Registration

(Server, Rate, Games, Timestamp, Data)
Waiting Incoming

Connection

Create Cloud PKT Wallet



18

Interaction between a miner and a gamer
After the successful creation of a smart contract transaction with action «Start», encrypted 
profiles from the CDN are downloaded to the miner’s computer, and the gamer is able to start 
playing. After the session ends, the encrypted profiles are uploaded to the CDN, and a smart 
contract transaction with action «Finish» is created. The PKT is transferred from the gamer’s wallet 
to the miner’s wallet. In the future, we are planning on using decentralized storage such as Storj, Sia or 
other service providers.

Client – server
Client-server communication is carried out using a protocol developed by Playkey that is based 
on the UDP Unicast protocol. The Playkey service is adapted to work on unstable connections and can 
adapt the bitrate and image quality for each user.

On chain and off chain 
The public Ethereum network will serve as the currency’s decentralized settlement layer, providing 
interaction with users who want to transfer PKT from the Playkey application and into it. 
It will provide better experience for users interactng with PKT inside Playkey ecosystem. 
This will solve problems in the early release of the system, such as blockchain scalability bottlenecks, 
feeless transactions, faster transaction times and encapsulation of complex features. With 
the development of blockchain technology, PKT will grow and will allow the provision of these 
features in a completely decentralized environment.

PlayMiner

Done

Lease

Connecting...

Download 
Encrypted Profiles

TODO: Storj, Sia…

Ending...

Upload Encrypted
Profiles

Download Gamer
Software

Create Smart Contract 
Transaction 

with Action Start.
(Registration contact, 

User, Server, Rate, 
Game, Timestamp, Data)

Create Smart Contract 
Transaction With Action 
Finish. (Start Contract, 

Finish Date, Session Data)

Execution of Contract 
and Send PKT

Gamer

PLAYING

ALFA CDN
SERVICE

Virtual Machine (Windows 10)

Video and Audio Stream

Controls Commands (Keyboard, Mouse, Gamepad)

Statistics, Mange Commands

CLIENT APP SERVER APP GAME



19

ICO
PKT issuance and distribution
Playkey plans to set up an ICO with an issuance volume of 100 000 000 PKT tokens to achieve 
the following goals: 

• Integrate blockchain technology into the Playkey gaming service; 

• Develop a decentralized, resource-sufficient, safe and fast P2P game streaming solution, where 
miners can provide their powerful resources to the gamers;

• Reach 10m active players in the USA, EMEA, and APAC regions

For additional information, please see the Development Program and Budget below.

PLAYKEY EXPECTS THE FOLLOWING ICO TOKENS EMISSION

ICO Key Terms

Team – 20.0%
20 000 000 PKT

PLAYKEY ICO
100 000 000 PKT

Bounty – 1.5%
1 500 000 PKT

Advisors – 6.0%
6 000 000 PKT

PKT Tokens Sold – 60.0%
60 000 000 PKT

Foundation – 12.5%
12 500 000 PKT

 ICO PARTICIPANTS

September 26

Pre Sale 
Start

Pre Sale 
End

ICO
Start

ICO
End

Special Discounts for Presale

1 PKT = 0.004 ETH

60–150 ETH: 25%
151–500 ETH: 30%
501 ETH and more: 35%

Pre Sale Limit is 18m PKT

Bonus 15% 1.3%

October 29 November 1 November 30

1. Bonus and Special Discounts are not summarized

2. Pre Sale Limit is 18m PKT

3.  Tokens provided for team members will be blocked for the following terms: 10% will be available after 1 year;  30% 

after 2 years; 60% after 3 years

4. Unsold tokens will be destroyed

If not all the tokens will be sold out, shares are scaled proportionally  and absolute values are calculated, based on 

amount of the tokens being sold.



20

Development Program and Budget

STARTING POINT

2013-2016

2017

• Video Capture Technology

• Client Application for Mac OS & Windows

• Commercial Launch

• 180 Games in a Catalogue (including 70% of AAA Titles)

• Nvidia GRID M40 and Tesla M60 Graphic Cards Support

• Proprietary Video Protocol to Minimize Losses in the Video Stream 
and Incrase the Data Transfer Speed

• 60 FPS, Full HD Resolution

•  Nvidia GTX1080 Graphic cards Support

•  Entering the CIS, EMEA Market

•  Blockchain Integration - PKT Support

DEVELOPMENT OPTIONS

Episode 1: 
PKT 10M

Devices / OS

PC, Linux, Mac
PKT token usage,
Miners platform

Decentralized 
cloud gaming

Hire 20 people in 
R&D and PR US, EMEA $ 2 000 000

Episode 2: 
PKT 25M Android

Smart tokens 
for Pro-miners Messenger

Android and 
Engineers teams APAC $ 8 000 000

Episode 3: 
PKT 50M

Smart TV 
(LG, Samsung), 
iOS

P2P cloud 
storage network

Decentralized work 
with game publishers

Smart TV team
and iOS teams LATAM $ 15 000 000

Episode 4: 
PKT 60M

Playkey gaming 
console, VR

BigData 
for game publishers

Decentralized 
marketing and R&D VR team Alpha Centauri $ 23 000 000

Technology Features R&D team Regions Infrastructure Fund(miners community)



21

BUDGET STRUCTURE

Description Episode 1: PKT 10M Episode 2: PKT 25M Episode 3: PKT 50M Episode 4: PKT 60M

Marketing 25% 36% 40% 45%

Playkey team 50% 30% 25% 21%

Technology 
infrastructure 
(Foundation)

20% 30% 30% 30%

Operational costs 
(offices, travel costs, 
legal)

5% 4% 5% 4%

Episode 1 development steps
DECENTRALIZED INFRASTRUCTURE 
We will integrate Blockchain and PKT in our business processes, providing miners with opportunity 
to lease their PCs and servers to gamers. To develop new features we will hire additional people 
to rally marketing and R&D for Playkey Ecosystem. 

MARKETING ACTIVITIES
Our primary objective is to make cloud gaming popular and available to every gamer in the world. 
Marketing helps us achieve this objective. The more funding we get, the faster we will be able to scale 
and launch Playkey in different regions. In Episode 1 we will concentrate on current markets – the US 
and Europe.

INFRASTRUCTURE FUND
Our primary objective for this round is to decentralize infrastructure. To develop decentralized 
infrastructure and support mining community we will setup Infrastructure fund. We will start with 
$2m, and the more we receive the more we invest in the fund.

Episode 2 development steps (further to Episode 1 steps)
PRO MINERS PLATFORM
Pro miners are crowds, organizations, or private miners with large resources, which can organize 
professional mining with a high level SLA (service level agreement) in professional data centers or 
farms. We will develop a specific platform for miners, which will allow them to crowdfund their 
growth and become professional miner organizations, so that they can supply their gamers with 
cheaper and higher-quality SLAs. Pro miners will be able to receive PKT and share dividends with their 
investors. The Playkey Foundaton will guarantee deals between investors and pro miners.

ANDROID CLIENT APPLICATION
We will develop a client for all Android 4.2 and higher versions that will allow you to launch Playkey 
on any Android-based device (tablet, console, Smart TV, dongle).

MESSENGER
To further development of Playkey Ecosystem we will develop our launcher with built-in messenger 
for text and voice chats.

MARKETING ACTIVITIES
In Episode 2 we will expand to the fast growing gaming market in Asia. In addition to marketing we 
will setup Foundation’s servers there to provide first users with high quality service.



22

Episode 3 development steps (further to Episode 1 and 2)
SMART TV SERVICES
We will develop a client application for TOP smart TV models including LG, Samsung and Android 
powered TVs, that will allow gamers to play on the big screen.

P2P CLOUD STORAGE NETWORK 
A peer-to-peer cloud storage network implementing client-side encryption would allow users 
to transfer and share data without relying on a third-party storage provider. This network will store 
games builds and user profiles.

DECENTRALIZED WORK WITH PUBLISHERS
We will develop API for game developers to sell games inside Playkey ecosystem. In future, 
it will provide an opportunity to make subscription based games with transparent billing system. That 
system and Cloud Gaming principles will provide publisher with a piracy-free environment.

MARKETING ACTIVITIES
If we will reach Episode 3: US (United States), EMEA (Europe Middle East and Africa), APAC 
(Asia and Pacifc) and LATAM (Latin America), we will have covered all the main regions.

Episode 4 development steps (further to Episodes 1, 2 and 3)
VR DEVICES AND GAME SUPPORT
VR games require double GPU and CPU power to render game objects, making the cost of VR-ready 
hardware high. We will solve this problem by developing a low-latency, high resolution protocol that all 
gamers with VR helmets will be able to utilize to play VR games without having to purchase hardware.

BIGDATA FOR GAME PUBLISHERS
Game publishers will be able to enrich gamers experience, using our tools for exploration gamers 
habits, issues in games. All these will bring new quality standards for games in Playkey Ecosystem.

DECENTRALIZED MARKETING AND R&D
To further decentralization we will initiate creation of independent teams for R&D of core product 
and new services inside Playkey ecosystem. Additionally, we expect that for better matching of miners 
needs in marketing and opportunities for PR agencies, CPA networks we will open API to create smart 
contracts for marketing inside Playkey Ecosystem. 

THE PLAYKEY GAMING CONSOLE
We will develop a proprietary gaming console that will give gamers the possibility to play on a big 
screen. The client application will be based on Linux, and the code will be open source, so that any 
hardware manufacturer is able to develop its customized Playkey console version

OPEN PLATFORM FOR NON-GAME APPS
We understand that the Playkey solution is viable not only for games, but also for other applications 
i.e. any software that can consume high CPU and GPU resources. Our plan is to develop 
the ability to launch, virtualize and stream not only games, but also other software that can be in 
demand for owners of obsolete PCs.

MARKETING ACTIVITIES
As we will succeed in our main regions, we will intensify our marketing for these and new regions with 
lower population.



23

Marketing model
Goals of the marketing campaign

• Drive 10,000,000 gamer users into the decentralized Playkey gaming platform for 36 months.; 

• Ensure a sufficient number of miners to meet the demand of gamers’ audience.
 
The target audience

• Gamers. Users of laptops, MacBooks, medium and weak PCs, for which games are one of many 
hobbies. They are willing to spend 5-6 hours a week playing games, but this is not the main kind of 
leisure, so they are not ready to invest in expensive gaming equipment. 

• Miners. Individuals: owners of powerful gaming PCs, farms for mining.  
Legal entities: data centers with a fleet of own servers.

 
Resources for the marketing campaign
We proceed from fees for ICO in dollar equivalent of 50,000,000 USD. Marketing accounts for 
25% of fees. Thus, the marketing resource for achieving the above goals is USD 12,500,000. With 
every transaction from a gamer to a miner, the Playkey Foundation receives a revenue share on 
the development of the service, currently it is considered on the level of 25%. The deductions for 
marketing will be 20% of this share. For example, the miner received $100. The Playkey fund will 
receive $25 from the miner. Playkey Fund reinvests $5 in marketing.
 
Phases of the marketing campaign

1. Acquisition phase

The first 12 months since the public launch of the decentralized Playkey platform.  
The goal of the phase is 1 million gamers on the platform.

2. Scalability phase

Next 24 months.  
The goal of the phase is 10 million gamers on the platform.
 
Geography of the marketing campaign

• North America (NA); 

• Latin America (LA);

• Europe (EU);

• Asia.
 
Marketing campaign directions
1. PR
Goals

• Keeps market penetration and brand recognition by the audience; 

• Attract necessary number of miners to satisfy gamers demands.

Methods

• Sharing information about the Platform through social networks, business and mass media, 
thought leaders.

Implementation

• Generating info guides at least 2 times per month; 

• Sharing info guides through regional PR agents.

Economics

• Needed time to achieving goals: 36 months; 

• Cost of PR services: ~$15 000 per month per region;



24

• Number of markets for global agents: 4 (NA, LA, EU, ASIA); 

• Total budget for the campaign: $2 160 000.

 
2. ADVERTISEMENT
Goal

• Attract gamers to the Platform.

Channels

• CPA networks; 

• YouTube (prerolls, integrations);

• Searching advertisement (Google AdWords, Yandex.Direct, Baidu, etc.); 

• Facebook Ad;

• Twitter Ad;

• Reddit Ad; 

• Media advertisement at gaming websites.

Economics

• Needed time to achieving goals: 36 months;

• Customer Acquisition Cost (CAC) - $10;

• Average retention rate (month by month): 70%; 

• Virality factor: 0,3;

• Total budget for “Acquisition phase” (phase 1), including reinvesting in marketing about 20% 
revenue of Playkey Foundation: $22 840 000:

• Includes: ICO gives, after deduction costs of PR: $10 340 000;

• Includes: reinvesting from operating income of Playkey Foundation: $12 067 165.

• Total budget for “Scalability phase” (phase 2): $84 148 127:

• Fully reinvested from operating income of Playkey Foundation.

Detailed calculations of the marketing model are given in the table.

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1dsQAFlvExxTJLSDwW_iYnGcmZMGXGSy2zbHqGxLtcdo/edit#gid=0


25

PKT token price mechanics and economics
Key considerations

• PKT is a utility token, it means any PKT holder may use the token to pay for Playkey cloud gaming 
service (short time rent of Playkey GPU powered servers to play video games); 

• PKT is the only mean to pay for Playkey service, i.e. to have an access to Playkey service user 
needs to have PKT which he/she transfers to the miner who provides the service (the analogue is 
internal currency in computer games like gold in World of Tanks, which you need to have, to  buy 
more powerful shells and consumables);

• Demand for the Playkey service creates demand for PKT tokens; 

• Number of tokens is limited, but service demand has a potential for growth => increase of 
demand for service leads to increase of PKT price on the market and vice versa;

• Miners are not obliged to sell PKT tokens immediately after receiving them; 

• Playkey as a miner and as a licensor of software solution (miner ought to pay some share of their 
PKT revenue to Playkey) may absorb supplies of PKT token on the market to decrease its price 
volatility.

 
Basic mechanics for PKT pricing
Any point of time there is a demand for Playkey service from gamers, who are ready to pay some 
amount of money (expressed in fiat or any other cryptocurrency, not PKT) for service subscriptions 
(hereinafter, instant demand).

Gamers buy PKT tokens directly on exchange or through an agent (including Playkey website) and set 
up a smart contract with miner to get required service paying miners with their PKT tokens.

Generally, gamers are not interested in PKT and its price, they worried about the price for the cloud 
gaming service they get for their money.

Thus, assuming some number of PKT tokens available for sale, the price is defined as:

PKT price = Instant demand / number of PKT available tokens for sale

For example, there is an Instant Demand for a service for the total amount of $200,000 (20,000 
gamers are buying monthly subscriptions at a price of $10) and there are 100,000 tokens available on 
the market. Than the PKT price is $2 = $200,000 / PKT 100,000.

The supply of PKT tokens is formed:

• By miners earned tokens providing the service;

• Other PKT token holders (ICO participants, bounty, employees, Playkey Foundation, etc.).

To avoid the situations, when the gamer acquired some number of PKT tokens to get an exact volume 
of service, but no miner ready to provide the service for this number of tokens, it is planned to provide 
quotation for the service from miners simultaneous with the purchase of token. 

Later Playkey Foundation plans to acquire and install servers with subsequent sale of these servers 
to miners for PKT tokens as well as to launch new convergent services. This will create additional 
demand for PKT tokens in future.
 
Key factors influencing PKT price

Demand for Playkey service and a number of PKT tokens for sale are basic and fundamental factors, 
but there are many other factors influencing the PKT price.



26

Positive correlation

• Number of users;

• Users’ life time (how long users use the service);

• Total servers capacity (no servers -> no service -> no users);

• Positive news on service development and overall transparency of Playkey project;

• New goods and services available for PKT tokens.
 
Negative correlation

• Supply of tokens (bigger the number of tokens for sale, the lesser the PKT price);

• Negative news;

• Competition and substitutes.

Playkey ICO’s main objective is to integrate blockchain and P2P model and to raise funds for service 
further development and promotion worldwide to become the market leader and to have dozens 
millions of users. Moving towards this objective demand for the service is expected to grow followed 
by PKT price increase.

The basic economic model of Playkey is described below.

Economics of Playkey
Demand for Playkey service is a key fundamental factor for PKT price change.

Basic economic model for Playkey service promotion and generating revenue stream/demand  (key 
assumptions):

• Customer acquisition cost (CAC) is $10 / user;

• User uses the service in average for 4 months;

• Revenue per user is $10 per month;

• Variable costs are $4 / user (servers lease payment, collocation, electricity);

• Playkey reserves server capacity for new users for 1 month;

• All profits are reinvested.

Playkey spends $14 (CAC + cost of one month reserve of server’s capacity), and from the next month 
Playkey receives revenue from the user in amount of $10 / months during next 4 months:

Cash flow stream:

Month 0 1 2 3 4
Marketing and promotion / user (CAC) ($10) 0 0 0 0

Variable costs / user (servers rent, 
collocation, electricity) ($4) ($4) ($4) ($4) ($4)

Average revenue per user 0 $10 $10 $10 $10

Net cash flow ($14) $6 $6 $6 $6

First 4 month: investing $14 Playkey receives $10 of monthly revenue and $6 positive cash flow every 
month during next 4 months ($24 in total), i.e. $1 (one) dollar invested gives a monthly revenue of $0.7 
and a positive cash flow stream of $0.4 per month during the next 4 months ($1.6 in total).

5-8 months: reinvesting $24 in the next month gives the revenue of $17 monthly and $9.6 positive 
cash flow ($38.4 in total).

9-12 months: reinvesting $38.4 it gives monthly revenue of $26.9 and $15.4 positive cash flow ($61.4 
in total).

And so on.



27

Summarizing, spending $14 for service promotion and further reinvesting all cash streams, by the end 
of 12 months period Playkey may have monthly revenue of $38.4 (i.e. demand for the service backed 
by servers capacity).

Every $1 spend on service promotion results in $2.7 of monthly revenue (demand) in 12 months 
period of time.

Example 1:

Day 0 Day 365
Demand for the service (i.e. 
total amount users are ready 
to spend to buy service 
subscriptions)

$100 000 $27 000 000

Number of tokens available 
for sale (circulating supply, 
maximum amount)

1 000 000 tokens 1 000 000 tokens

Money invested in service 
promotion $10 000 000 N/a

Token price, $/token $0.1 = $100,000 / 1,000,000 $27 = $27 000 000 / 1 000 000

 
Change of customer acquisition costs, user’s lifetime, user’s average spending on service, time lag 
while allocating financing among marketing partners and hardware distributors may significantly 
influence Playkey economics in both ways.

P2P model will speed up the expansion of the service dramatically saving time and money for 
equipment purchase and installment.
 
How the gamer will pay for the service after the ICO
1. After the ICO the process of paying for Playkey service subscription will be not changed for casual 

gamers:
1.1.  The user goes to Playkey web site, chooses the subscription he/she wants, and pays in fiat 

currency according to recommended fiat currency prices, as he/she usually does and did 
before.

1.2.  Then Playkey converts collected fiat into PKT token on the exchange for behalf of the 
gamer.

1.3.  Then Playkey transfers acquired on the exchange PKT tokens to miner and simultaneously 
set up a smart contract in accordance with the terms chosen by the gamer (total number of 
hours of service, 30 or 60 FPS, HD ready / Full HD resolution, etc.).

2. The gamer will have an option to acquire PKT tokens on the exchange by himself and use these 
tokens to pay for Playkey service:
2.1.  Gamer acquires any number of PKT tokens he/she wants on the exchange by the price set by 

the market.
2.2.  Gamer transfers PKT tokens to the miner and concludes the smart contract with the miner to 

set up the volume and parameters of the service he wants to have (total number of hours of 
service, 30 or 60 FPS, HD ready / Full HD resolution, etc.).

Gamer buy      (PKT)
for Money

Miner sell     (PKT) 
for Money

Playkey 
Token Shop

Gamer

Miner get rewards 
in     (PKT)

1 2

3



28

Playkey Team and Advisors

The Playkey team comprises 45 professionals including developers, gaming strategists, testers 
and marketing experts. The core team has been developing the technology and building Playkey for 4 
years:

• World leading specialists in cloud/streaming technology development and gaming industry;

• Established partnership relations with large data centers and GPU/hardware providers;

• Established partnership relations and agreements with leading global game publishers and services.

 
The team has started implementing blockchain to the project in the middle of 2016 to increase efficiency 
of using servers in different countries. In February 2017, the team realized that the same technology 
can help to speed up a scaling process and started to make an architecture of the future solution. They 
believe that blockchain technology and huge GPU capacity all over the world is what will push the 
infrastructure decentralization.

The team has started to work with top blockchain developers (Ripple, BitFury, NEM) and advisors to 
increase team’s expertise a year ago.

Current 5 blockchain developers team has 1.5 years in mining & blockchain. Coupled with top expertise 
of the all team members, it’s a top gaming ICO team that can solve implementation of blockchain in the 
Playkey Ecosystem.

The team successfully manifested itself in the following areas:

• Gaming: 10y experience with top publishers;

• Cloud gaming: the first startup that has a positive economy and is supported by VC funds;

• Telecom: working with all top Russian telecoms;

• Highload projects: support the service with 200 mln users.



29

The Playkey Team

EGOR GUREV
Founder, CEO of Playkey (LINKEDIN)

Egor managing technological startups more than 7 years. He brought 
to the market many technical products of digital distribution of 
multimedia content for the giants of mobile operators and the largest 
telecommunications companies in Russia and the CIS, such as Gama-
Gama.ru, Turbodom.ru, Zabava.ru. He brought the projects to the 
markets of Europe, the USA, Asia, and the CIS.

Created the largest distributor of digital content in Eastern Europe with 
200 million users. Successfully sold the business to a large IT holding 
company. 

Attracted $ 2.8m of investment from the leading European fund in 
order to scale the project in 2017.

ALEXEY LYKOV
Founder, CTO (LINKEDIN)

Alexey is a technical specialist with 20 years of experience. He has 
extensive experience working with high-loaded systems for telecom 
operators in the company Enaza. He develops platform solutions of any 
complexity. 

Alexey manages a team of more than 30 people, with which parts of the 
product were written and launched from scratch: the server part, the 
client part, the architecture, the billing.

Author of 3 patents for cloud gaming services. Alexey develops Nvidia 
solutions in cloud games.

Alexey is working on the development of the blockchain system 
in Playkey for 1.5 years. Manages the infrastructure of more than 
1,000 video cards. Developed a unique solution for the mining of 
cryptocurrency on gaming platforms.

VADIM ANDREEV
Founder, Director of Game Strategy (LINKEDIN)

For the project Playkey Vadim signed unique for the game industry 
contracts with the world publishers of games: Ubisoft, Wargaming, 
Gaijin, Electronic Arts.

Vadim has been working in the gaming business for more than 10 
years. Vadim concluded more than 20 contracts for the supply of digital 
content in the company Enaza.

Vadim performed at gaming and blockchain events in Kiev, Linz, 
Barcelona, London, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Las Vegas.

Annually takes part in all significant events in the gaming industry: E3, 
Gamesom, GDC, Whitenights, Igromir.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/egurjev/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/lykovaleksey/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/vadim-andreev-74204717/


30

ROMAN EPISHIN
Chief Marketing Officer (LINKEDIN)

Roman for more than 7 years manages marketing teams and is engaged 
in business consulting in the gaming industry.

Earlier Roman brought online project “Tanks Online” in the top 10 
online games in the Russian market in terms of annual revenue. He led 
the launch of the game in the markets of Europe and Latin America.

Playkey service with his direct participation in the period from October 
2015 to October 2016 increased revenue 7x.

VLADIMIR SHESTAKOV
Development Team Leader (LINKEDIN)

Vladimir leads the billing, game server and client development teams. 
He is also engaged in architectural development and participates in 
the development of network protocols, cross-platform client, and game 
server.

For more than 4 years he has been working in the sphere of cloud 
technologies. He started his career as C# developer, worked as a Full-
Stack developer, moved to C ++, and later headed a team of 5 people. 
Now, he manages 3 teams of 13 people. He has been working in 
software development for more than 7 years.

MAX KUDYMOV
Playkey Product owner

Max is responsible for decisions how the Playkey product will develop. 
He spent 5 years on developing his skills in product management, 
positive unit economy development and cohort analytics. Before 
Playkey, Max has been a lead developer in online game – Republic life.

DMITRY ISAEV
CFO

Dmitry is responsible for financial discipline, economic analysis, 
management accounting, investor interaction, cash flow management.

Within the framework of the project, he set up a system of management 
accounting and budgeting of income and expenses, he took part 
in attracting investments in the project, developed a methodology 
for assessing the financial risks of the project.

Dmitry worked for a long time in one of the largest telecoms operators, 
has experience in working for investment companies, the general 
experience in financial management is more than 10 years.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/romanepishin/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/vladimir-shestakov-51587659/


31

Advisors

GEORGY DOBRODEEV
Epic games Marketing Director (LINKEDIN)

Epic Games, Inc. (formerly Potomac Computer Systems and later Epic 
MegaGames, Inc.) is an American video game development company 
based in Cary, North Carolina, partially owned by Tencent.

Founded in 1991, it is best known for the development of the Unreal 
Engine technology, which has powered its in-house Unreal, Gears 
of War, and Infinity Blade series as well as many other games, 
and has been awarded by Guinness World Records as “the most 
successful video game engine” in the world.

Headquarter: Cary, NC, USA

ALEXANDER AGAPITOV
Xsolla Founder & CEO (LINKEDIN)

Xsolla is a video games industry company, providing game developers 
and publishers with payment, billing, distribution, and marketing tools. 
Xsolla is headquartered in the US, and has offices in South Korea, 
Russia and Ukraine. Companies using the service include Valve, Twitch.
tv, Aeria Games, BigPoint Games, Gameforge, Ankama Games, Gaijin 
Entertainment, Goodgame Studios, Snail Games, and many others.

Headquarter: Los Angeles, CA, USA

DILLON SEO (LINKEDIN)
Dillon is a serial entrepreneur and CEO of a company named VoleR 
Creative. The company is founded by Dillon and it is currently working 
on a project involving artificial intelligence, machine learning, speech 
recognition and virtual reality. Previously, he joined Oculus VR, 
the virtual reality head mounted display manufacturer and the virtual 
reality content ecosystem builder, as a co-founder

in 2012 and served the company as a country manager for Oculus VR 
Korea until the company was acquired by Facebook for $2 billion USD 
in 2014. During his role as a country manager, he managed the basic 
company operation, business development and VR content sourcing 
along with business partner relationship management.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/george-dobrodeev-236938a/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/shurick/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dillonseo/


32

PETER ZHALOV
Former VP Marketing & Advertising and VP Financial Operations 
of Wargaming.net, Blockchain and eSports Enthusiast (LINKEDIN)

Peter developed initial marketing strategy of Wargaming - one 
of the biggest gaming publishers in the world. Peter is experienced 
gaming industry veteran, also took part in Skincoin ICO with $4m+ 
crowd sales results. Peter will help Playkey with marketing and product 
strategy.

REUBEN GODFREY
Co-founder of the Blockchain Association of Ireland (LINKEDIN)

Reuben has worked in sales, business development, finance 
and operations roles for major multinationals and start-ups in the tech, 
telecom and pharmaceutical industries globally. He has worked 
as a journalist and is frequently interviewed and asked for comment 
by tech and mainstream media as well as speaking at and hosting 
seminars and conferences and as an advisor to numerous successful 
ICO’s.

He is co-founder of the Blockchain Association of Ireland and the Irish 
Chamber of Commerce in Slovakia and on the NSAI National Mirror 
Committee to ISO TC 307.

ARSENIY STRIZHENOK
Co-founder and managing partner of Blockchainuniversity.io

Co-founder and CMO of Blockletter.co

ICO advisor of LAToken, Ex-SONM (LINKEDIN)

Experienced cryptocurrency, blockchain expert and enthusiast.

International experience and deep skills in the cryptocurrency, 
blockchain and start-up development.

Involved in multiple successful start-ups, advisor of international 
crypto-media resources.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-zhalov-35149225/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/reuben-godfrey-1a18055/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/strizh/


33

ALBERT CASTELLANA (LINKEDIN)
Member of Council, NEM.io Foundation

Albert is a serial entrepreneur with a computer science background, 
blockchain & innovation specialist. He is currently the Member of 
Council of NEM.io Foundation, CEO of Atraura, Chair of Atraura 
Blockchain and Vice Dean of Innovation and Entrepreneurship of 
COEINF.

MICHAEL KIM
CEO and Founder of CoinInside (LINKEDIN)

Michael has worked in multinational game and IT companies like 
Electronic Arts, Microsoft, Blizzard, Wargaming and Havok.

He successfully took various responsibilities in marketing, sales, 
business development and managment position for more than 18 years.

In 2016, he established private company called Goplay to jump into 
cryptocurrency industry and about to launch coin service platform 
called CoinInside in Korea.

MIKO MATSUMURA
ICO Advisor, Investor, Speaker. Pantera Capital LP And Founder, 
Evercoin Exchange (LINKEDIN)

Miko Matsumura founded crypto exchange Evercoin, and is a Limited 
Partner with the Pantera Capital ICO Fund (a $100M ICO-only fund). 
He is personally invested in FileCoin, Brave, CIVIC, Propy and Lyft. As 
chief Evangelist for the Java Language and Platform he participated 
in the first wave of the Internet, and is now fully engaged in the 
crypto-fueled Internet of value. As a 25 year operating exec in Silicon 
Valley, he has raised over $50 million in capital for Open Source 
startups. He currently advises cryptocurrency startups like WiFiCoin, 
Guardian Circle (Decentralized Global 911 Emergency Services) and 
Hub (Decentralizing Professional Social Networking). He is also an LP 
with Focus Ventures, a firm with over $800M under management, 9 
IPOs and 44 exits. He holds an Master’s degree in Neuroscience from 
Yale University where he worked on abstract computational neural 
networks. He’s leads the Crypto Underground meetup in San Francisco 
and is a speaker at the upcoming Token Fest, Keynoting at ICOnference 
NYC, Blockchain Life in St. Petersburg Russia, Global Blockchain 
Summit, The Future of Money Summit, and Coin Agenda in Las Vegas.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/acastellana/
https://nem.io/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-byungsoo-kim-b9b32824/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikomatsumura/


34

DAVID CARLSON
Founder & CEO at GigaWatt, Inc. (LINKEDIN)

Software engineer and entrepreneur. 4 years as CEO and founder  
of MegaBigPower, one of the largest single-operator mining facilities  
in the world.

Salarian Capital 

EVGENY LVOV

EVGENY SHKOLUN

ILYA GLAZYRIN

IVAN ZAKHAROV

NICKOLAY ANTIPUSHIN

Lead ICO Advisors

https://www.linkedin.com/in/gigawatt/


35

Legal Partner

Platform partner

https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en.html


36

Legal Disclaimer
This is a pre-final version of the document and is made available to the public for informational purposes 
only. Nothing in this document shall be construed as an offer to enter into any transaction with any 
of the companies or individuals mentioned herein. Nothing in this document is to be considered 
as advice, consultation or recommendation, and shall not be relied upon as such by any person. 
Any action taken by any person in reliance on this document is made by them at their own risk 
and based on their own assessment, and Playkey and their affiliated parties shall not bear any liability 
for the consequences of such actions. Comprehensive terms and conditions of acquisition of PKT 
will be made available in the final version of the present document.



37

Thank You

http://playkey.io
https://t.me/playkey_io
https://www.linkedin.com/company-beta/3584689/
https://medium.com/@playkey
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP7oxyJEWljNLlTQBwVXqCA
https://www.facebook.com/groups/playkeyICO/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Playkey/
https://geektimes.ru/company/playkey/
https://playkey.net/
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2073668.0
https://github.com/Playkey/ico-contracts

	0. Executive Summary

