







































IMPORTANT	NOTICE	
	

This	 whitepaper	 (“Whitepaper”)	 in	 current	 form	 is	 being	 circulated	 by	 the	
Po.et	 Foundation	 (as	 referred	 to	 in	 this	Whitepaper)	 for	 general	 information	
and	 to	 invite	 community	 feedback	 only	 on	 the	 Po.et	 project	 as	 presently	
conceived,	and	 is	 subject	 to	review	and	revision	by	 the	Board	of	Directors	 (as	
referred	to	in	this	Whitepaper),	the	board	of	advisers	and/or	legal	advisers	of	
the	 Po.et	 Foundation.	 Please	 do	 not	 replicate	 or	 distribute	 any	 part	 of	 this	
Whitepaper	without	this	note	in	accompaniment.	No	part	of	this	Whitepaper	is	
intended	to	create	legal	relations	between	a	recipient	of	this	Whitepaper	or	to	
be	 legally	 binding	 or	 enforceable	 by	 such	 recipient	 against	 the	 Po.et	
Foundation.	An	updated	version	of	this	Whitepaper	may	be	published	on	a	date	
to	be	determined	and	announced	by	the	Po.et	Foundation	in	due	course.	
	
PLEASE	READ	THIS	SECTION	AND	THE	FOLLOWING	SECTIONS	ENTITLED	
“DISCLAIMER	 OF	 LIABILITY”,	 “NO	 REPRESENTATIONS	 AND	
WARRANTIES”,	 “REPRESENTATIONS	 AND	 WARRANTIES	 BY	 YOU”,	
“CAUTIONARY	 NOTE	 ON	 FORWARD-LOOKING	 STATEMENTS”,	 “THIRD	
PARTY	INFORMATION	AND	NO	CONSENT	OF	OTHER	PERSONS”,	“TERMS	
USED”,	 “NO	 ADVICE”,	 “NO	 FURTHER	 INFORMATION	 OR	 UPDATE”,	
“RESTRICTIONS	 ON	 DISTRIBUTION	 AND	 DISSEMINATION”,	 “NO	 OFFER	
OF	INVESTMENT	OR	REGISTRATION”	AND	“RISKS	AND	UNCERTAINTIES”	
CAREFULLY.	
	
IF	YOU	ARE	IN	ANY	DOUBT	AS	TO	THE	ACTION	YOU	SHOULD	TAKE,	YOU	
SHOULD	 CONSULT	 YOUR	 LEGAL,	 FINANCIAL,	 TAX	 OR	 OTHER	
PROFESSIONAL	ADVISOR(S).	
	
The	Po.et	tokens	are	not	intended	to	constitute	securities	of	any	form,	units	
in	a	business	trust,	units	in	a	collective	investment	scheme	or	any	other	form	
of	 investment	 in	 any	 jurisdiction.	 This	 Whitepaper	 does	 not	 constitute	 a	
prospectus	or	offer	document	of	any	sort	and	is	not	intended	to	constitute	an	
offer	of	securities	of	any	form,	units	 in	a	business	trust,	units	 in	a	collective	
investment	scheme	or	any	other	form	of	investment,	or	a	solicitation	for	any	
form	of	investment	in	any	jurisdiction.	
	
While	this	Whitepaper	does	not	preclude	the	Po.et	Foundation	from	offering	
holders	of	Po.et	 tokens	a	share	of	 the	 fees	and	revenue	generated	 from	the	
commercial	 applications	of	Po.et	network,	 such	offer,	 if	 any,	 and	 the	extent	
thereof,	will	 be	at	 the	 sole	and	absolute	discretion	of	 the	Po.et	Foundation.	
Accordingly,	there	is	no	assurance	whatsoever	as	to	whether	such	offer	will	
be	made	and	holders	of	Po.et	tokens	should	have	no	expectation	of	receiving	
any	 such	 offer.	 In	 the	 premises,	 no	 Po.et	 token	 should	 be	 construed,	



interpreted,	 classified	 or	 treated	 as	 enabling,	 or	 according	 any	 opportunity	
to,	purchasers	to	participate	in	or	receive	profits,	income,	or	other	payments	
or	 returns	 arising	 from	 or	 in	 connection	with	 the	 Po.et	 platform,	 the	 Po.et	
tokens	 or	 the	 proceeds	 of	 the	 Po.et	 token	 sale	 (as	 described	 in	 this	
Whitepaper),	 or	 to	 receive	 sums	 paid	 out	 of	 such	 profits,	 income,	 or	 other	
payments	or	returns.	
	 	
This	 Whitepaper	 does	 not	 constitute	 or	 form	 part	 of	 any	 opinion	 on	 any	
advice	 to	 sell,	 or	 any	 solicitation	 of	 any	 offer	 by	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 to	
purchase	 any	 Po.et	 tokens	 nor	 shall	 it	 or	 any	 part	 of	 it	 nor	 the	 fact	 of	 its	
presentation	 form	 the	 basis	 of,	 or	 be	 relied	 upon	 in	 connection	 with,	 any	
contract	or	investment	decision.	
	
The	Po.et	Foundation	will	deploy	all	proceeds	of	 sale	of	 the	Po.et	 tokens	 to	
support	ongoing	development	and	growth	of	the	Po.et	network.	
	
No	person	is	bound	to	enter	into	any	contract	or	binding	legal	commitment	in	
relation	to	the	sale	and	purchase	of	the	Po.et	tokens	and	no	cryptocurrency	
or	other	form	of	payment	is	to	be	accepted	on	the	basis	of	this	Whitepaper.	
	
Any	agreement	as	between	the	Po.et	Foundation	and	you	as	a	purchaser,	and	
in	 relation	 to	 any	 sale	 and	purchase,	 of	 Po.et	 tokens	 (as	 referred	 to	 in	 this	
Whitepaper)	 is	 to	be	governed	by	only	a	separate	document	setting	out	the	
terms	 and	 conditions	 (the	 “T&Cs”)	 of	 such	 agreement.	 In	 the	 event	 of	 any	
inconsistencies	 between	 the	 T&Cs	 and	 this	 Whitepaper,	 the	 former	 shall	
prevail.	
	
THE	 PO.ET	 TOKEN	 SALE	 (AS	 REFERRED	 TO	 IN	 THIS	WHITEPAPER)	 IS	
INTENDED	 FOR,	MADE	 TO	OR	DIRECTED	 AT	 ONLY	 PERSONS	 OUTSIDE	
THE	UNITED	STATES	OF	AMERICA	AND	THE	REPUBLIC	OF	SINGAPORE	
AND	MAY	 BE	 ACTED	 UPON	 ONLY	 BY	 PERSONS	 OUTSIDE	 THE	 UNITED	
STATES	 OF	 AMERICA	 AND	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 OF	 SINGAPORE.	
ACCORDINGLY,	 YOU	 ARE	 NOT	 ELIGIBLE	 AND	 YOU	 ARE	 NOT	 TO	
PURCHASE	ANY	PO.ET	TOKENS	IN	THE	PO.ET	TOKEN	SALE	IF	YOU	ARE	
LOCATED	 IN	 THE	UNITED	 STATES	OF	AMERICA	OR	THE	REPUBLIC	OF	
SINGAPORE	 AT	 THE	 TIME	 OF	 YOUR	 INTENDED	 PURCHASE/PURCHASE	
OF	PO.ET	TOKENS	IN	THE	TOKEN	SALE.	 	YOU	ARE	ALSO	NOT	ELIGIBLE	
AND	 YOU	 ARE	 NOT	 TO	 PURCHASE	 ANY	 PO.ET	 TOKENS	 IN	 THE	 PO.ET	
TOKEN	SALE	 IF	YOU	ARE	A	CITIZEN,	RESIDENT	(TAX	OR	OTHERWISE),	
DOMICILED	 IN,	 OR	 GREEN	 CARD	HOLDER	OF	 THE	UNITED	 STATES	OF	
AMERICA	OR	A	CITIZEN,	DOMICILED	IN,	OR	RESIDENT	OF	THE	REPUBLIC	
OF	SINGAPORE.	
	



No	regulatory	authority	has	examined	or	approved	of	any	of	the	information	
set	out	in	this	Whitepaper.	No	such	action	has	been	or	will	be	taken	under	the	
laws,	 regulatory	 requirements	 or	 rules	 of	 any	 jurisdiction.	 The	 publication,	
distribution	 or	 dissemination	 of	 this	 Whitepaper	 does	 not	 imply	 that	 the	
applicable	laws,	regulatory	requirements	or	rules	have	been	complied	with.	
	
There	are	 risks	and	uncertainties	associated	with	 the	Po.et	Foundation	and	
its	business	and	operations,	the	Po.et	tokens,	the	Po.et	Foundation	token	sale	
and	the	Po.et	network	(each	as	referred	to	in	this	Whitepaper).	
	
This	Whitepaper,	any	part	thereof	and	any	copy	thereof	must	not	be	taken	or	
transmitted	 to	 any	 country	 where	 distribution	 or	 dissemination	 of	 this	
Whitepaper	is	prohibited	or	restricted.	
	
No	part	of	this	Whitepaper	is	to	be	reproduced,	distributed	or	disseminated	
without	including	this	section	and	the	following	sections	entitled	“Disclaimer	
of	 Liability”,	 “No	 Representations	 and	 Warranties”,	 “Representations	 and	
Warranties	 By	 You”,	 “Cautionary	 Note	 On	 Forward-Looking	 Statements”,	
“Third	Party	 Information	and	No	Consent	of	Other	Persons”,	 “Terms	Used”,	
“No	 Advice”,	 “No	 Further	 Information	 or	 Update”,	 “Restrictions	 On	
Distribution	 and	 Dissemination”,	 “No	 Offer	 of	 Investment	 Or	 Registration”	
and	“Risks	and	Uncertainties”.	
	
DISCLAIMER	OF	LIABILITY	
	
To	 the	maximum	 extent	 permitted	 by	 the	 applicable	 laws,	 regulations	 and	
rules,	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 shall	 not	 be	 liable	 for	 any	 indirect,	 special,	
incidental,	 consequential	 or	 other	 losses	 of	 any	 kind,	 in	 tort,	 contract	 or	
otherwise	(including	but	not	limited	to	loss	of	revenue,	income	or	profits,	and	
loss	of	use	or	data),	arising	out	of	or	in	connection	with	any	acceptance	of	or	
reliance	on	this	Whitepaper	or	any	part	thereof	by	you.	
	
NO	REPRESENTATIONS	AND	WARRANTIES	
	
The	 Po.et	 Foundation	 does	 not	 make	 or	 purport	 to	 make,	 and	 hereby	
disclaims,	 any	 representation,	 warranty	 or	 undertaking	 in	 any	 form	
whatsoever	to	any	entity	or	person,	 including	any	representation,	warranty	
or	undertaking	in	relation	to	the	truth,	accuracy	and	completeness	of	any	of	
the	information	set	out	in	this	Whitepaper.	
	
	
	
	



REPRESENTATIONS	AND	WARRANTIES	BY	YOU	
	
By	 accessing	 and/or	 accepting	 possession	 of	 any	 information	 in	 this	
Whitepaper	 or	 such	 part	 thereof	 (as	 the	 case	 may	 be),	 you	 represent	 and	
warrant	to	the	Po.et	Foundation	as	follows:	
	
(a) you	 agree	 and	 acknowledge	 that	 the	 Po.et	 tokens	 do	 not	 constitute	

securities	 of	 any	 form,	units	 in	 a	 business	 trust,	 units	 in	 a	 collective	
investment	 scheme	 or	 any	 other	 form	 of	 investment	 in	 any	
jurisdiction;	

	
(b) you	agree	and	acknowledge	that	this	Whitepaper	does	not	constitute	a	

prospectus	 or	 offer	 document	 of	 any	 sort	 and	 is	 not	 intended	 to	
constitute	an	offer	of	securities	of	any	form,	units	in	a	business	trust,	
units	 in	 a	 collective	 investment	 scheme	 or	 any	 other	 form	 of	
investment	 in	 any	 jurisdiction,	 or	 a	 solicitation	 for	 any	 form	 of	
investment,	 and	 you	 are	 not	 bound	 to	 enter	 into	 any	 contract	 or	
binding	 legal	 commitment	 and	 no	 cryptocurrency	 or	 other	 form	 of	
payment	is	to	be	accepted	on	the	basis	of	this	Whitepaper;	
	

(c) you	acknowledge	and	understand	that:	
	

(i) while	this	Whitepaper	does	not	preclude	the	Po.et	Foundation	
from	 offering	 holders	 of	 Po.et	 tokens	 a	 share	 of	 the	 fees	 and	
revenue	 generated	 from	 the	 commercial	 applications	 of	 Po.et	
network,	such	offer,	if	any,	and	the	extent	thereof,	will	be	at	the	
sole	and	absolute	discretion	of	the	Po.et	Foundation;	
	

(ii) there	is	no	assurance	whatsoever	as	to	whether	such	offer	will	
be	 made	 and	 holders	 of	 Po.et	 tokens	 should	 have	 no	
expectation	of	receiving	any	such	offer;	and		

	
(iii) no	Po.et	 token	 should	 be	 construed,	 interpreted,	 classified	 or	

treated	 as	 enabling,	 or	 according	 any	 opportunity	 to,	
purchasers	to	participate	in	or	receive	profits,	income,	or	other	
payments	 or	 returns	 arising	 from	 or	 in	 connection	 with	 the	
Po.et	 platform,	 the	 Po.et	 tokens	 or	 the	 proceeds	 of	 the	 Po.et	
token	 sale	 (as	 described	 in	 this	 Whitepaper),	 or	 to	 receive	
sums	 paid	 out	 of	 such	 profits,	 income,	 or	 other	 payments	 or	
returns;	

	 	
(d) you	 agree	 and	 acknowledge	 that	 no	 regulatory	 authority	 has	

examined	or	approved	of	the	information	set	out	in	this	Whitepaper,	



no	 action	 has	 been	 or	 will	 be	 taken	 under	 the	 laws,	 regulatory	
requirements	 or	 rules	 of	 any	 jurisdiction	 and	 the	 publication,	
distribution	 or	 dissemination	 of	 this	 Whitepaper	 to	 you	 does	 not	
imply	that	the	applicable	laws,	regulatory	requirements	or	rules	have	
been	complied	with;	
	

(e) you	 agree	 and	 acknowledge	 that	 this	 Whitepaper,	 the	 undertaking	
and/or	 the	 completion	 of	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 token	 sale,	 or	 future	
trading	of	the	Po.et	tokens	on	any	cryptocurrency	exchange,	shall	not	
be	 construed,	 interpreted	 or	 deemed	 by	 you	 as	 an	 indication	 of	 the	
merits	of	the	Po.et	Foundation,	the	Po.et	tokens,	the	Po.et	Foundation	
token	sale,	the	Po.et	protocol	or	platform	and	the	Po.et	network	(each	
as	referred	to	in	this	Whitepaper);	

 
(f) the	distribution	or	dissemination	of	this	Whitepaper,	any	part	thereof	

or	 any	 copy	 thereof,	 or	 acceptance	 of	 the	 same	 by	 you,	 is	 not	
prohibited	or	restricted	by	the	applicable	laws,	regulations	or	rules	in	
your	jurisdiction,	and	where	any	restrictions	in	relation	to	possession	
are	 applicable,	 you	 have	 observed	 and	 complied	 with	 all	 such	
restrictions	 at	 your	 own	 expense	 and	 without	 liability	 to	 the	 Po.et	
Foundation;	

	
(g) you	 agree	 and	 acknowledge	 that	 in	 the	 case	 where	 you	 wish	 to	

purchase	 any	Po.et	 tokens	 the	 Po.et	 tokens	 are	 not	 to	 be	 construed,	
interpreted,	classified	or	treated	as:	

	
(i) any	kind	of	currency	other	than	cryptocurrency;	
	
(ii) debentures,	stocks	or	shares	issued	by	any	person	or	entity;	
	
(iii) rights,	 options	 or	 derivatives	 in	 respect	 of	 such	 debentures,	

stocks	or	shares;	
	

(iv) rights	 under	 a	 contract	 for	 differences	 or	 under	 any	 other	
contract	 the	 purpose	 or	 pretended	 purpose	 of	 which	 is	 to	
secure	a	profit	or	avoid	a	loss;	

	
(v) units	in	a	collective	investment	scheme;	

	
(vi) units	in	a	business	trust;	

	
(vii) derivatives	of	units	in	a	business	trust;	or	

	



(viii) any	other	security,	class	of	securities	or	form	of	investment;		
	
(h) you	 are	 fully	 aware	 of	 and	 understand	 that	 you	 are	 not	 eligible	 to	

purchase	 any	 Po.et	 tokens	 if	 you	 are	 a	 citizen,	 resident	 (tax	 or	
otherwise),	domiciled	in,	or	green	card	holder	of	the	United	States	of	
America	or	a	citizen,	domiciled	in,	or	resident	(tax	or	otherwise)	of	the	
Republic	of	Singapore	or	a	person	who	is	located	in	the	United	States	
of	America	or	the	Republic	of	Singapore	at	the	time	of	your	intended	
purchase	 of	 Po.et	 tokens	 in	 the	 token	 sale	 (as	 referred	 to	 in	 this	
Whitepaper);	

	
(i) you	 have	 a	 basic	 degree	 of	 understanding	 of	 the	 operation,	

functionality,	 usage,	 storage,	 transmission	 mechanisms	 and	 other	
material	 characteristics	 of	 cryptocurrencies,	 blockchain-based	
software	 systems,	 cryptocurrency	 wallets	 or	 other	 related	 token	
storage	 mechanisms,	 blockchain	 technology	 and	 smart	 contract	
technology;	

	
(j) you	are	fully	aware	and	understand	that	in	the	case	where	you	wish	to	

purchase	 any	 Po.et	 tokens,	 there	 are	 risks	 associated	 with	 Po.et	
Foundation	 and	 its	 respective	 business	 and	 operations,	 the	 Po.et	
tokens,	the	Po.et	Foundation	token	sale,	the	Po.et	platform	or	protocol	
and	the	Po.et	network	(each	as	referred	to	in	the	Whitepaper);	

	
(k) you	agree	and	acknowledge	that	the	Po.et	Foundation	is	not	liable	for	

any	 indirect,	 special,	 incidental,	 consequential	 or	other	 losses	of	 any	
kind,	in	tort,	contract	or	otherwise	(including	but	not	limited	to	loss	of	
revenue,	income	or	profits,	and	loss	of	use	or	data),	arising	out	of	or	in	
connection	with	any	acceptance	of	or	reliance	on	this	Whitepaper	or	
any	part	thereof	by	you;	and	

	
(l) all	 of	 the	 above	 representations	 and	 warranties	 are	 true,	 complete,	

accurate	and	non-misleading	 from	the	 time	of	your	access	 to	and/or	
acceptance	of	possession	this	Whitepaper	or	such	part	thereof	(as	the	
case	may	be).	

	
CAUTIONARY	NOTE	ON	FORWARD-LOOKING	STATEMENTS	
	
All	 statements	 contained	 in	 this	 Whitepaper,	 statements	 made	 in	 press	
releases	or	in	any	place	accessible	by	the	public	and	oral	statements	that	may	
be	 made	 by	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 or	 its	 directors,	 executive	 officers	 or	
employees	acting	on	behalf	of	the	Po.et	Foundation	(as	the	case	may	be),	that	
are	not	statements	of	historical	fact,	constitute	“forward-looking	statements”.	



Some	of	these	statements	can	be	identified	by	forward-looking	terms	such	as	
“aim”,	 “target”,	 “anticipate”,	 “believe”,	 “could”,	 “estimate”,	 “expect”,	 “if”,	
“intend”,	 “may”,	 “plan”,	 “possible”,	 “probable”,	 “project”,	 “should”,	 “would”,	
“will”	 or	 other	 similar	 terms.	 However,	 these	 terms	 are	 not	 the	 exclusive	
means	 of	 identifying	 forward-looking	 statements.	 All	 statements	 regarding	
the	 Po.et	 Foundation’s	 financial	 position,	 business	 strategies,	 plans	 and	
prospects	 and	 the	 future	 prospects	 of	 the	 industry	 which	 the	 Po.et	
Foundation	 is	 in	 are	 forward-looking	 statements.	 These	 forward-looking	
statements,	 including	 but	 not	 limited	 to	 statements	 as	 to	 the	 Po.et	
Foundation’s	 revenue	 and	 profitability,	 prospects,	 future	 plans,	 other	
expected	 industry	 trends	 and	 other	 matters	 discussed	 in	 this	 Whitepaper	
regarding	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 are	matters	 that	 are	 not	 historic	 facts,	 but	
only	predictions.	
	
These	 forward-looking	 statements	 involve	 known	 and	 unknown	 risks,	
uncertainties	 and	 other	 factors	 that	 may	 cause	 the	 actual	 future	 results,	
performance	 or	 achievements	 of	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 to	 be	 materially	
different	 from	 any	 future	 results,	 performance	 or	 achievements	 expected,	
expressed	 or	 implied	 by	 such	 forward-looking	 statements.	 These	 factors	
include,	amongst	others:	
	
(a) changes	 in	 political,	 social,	 economic	 and	 stock	 or	 cryptocurrency	

market	conditions,	and	the	regulatory	environment	in	the	countries	in	
which	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 conducts	 its	 respective	 businesses	 and	
operations;	

	
(b) the	 risk	 that	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 may	 be	 unable	 to	 execute	 or	

implement	their	respective	business	strategies	and	future	plans;	
	
(c) changes	 in	 interest	 rates	 and	 exchange	 rates	 of	 fiat	 currencies	 and	

cryptocurrencies;	
	
(d) changes	 in	 the	 anticipated	 growth	 strategies	 and	 expected	 internal	

growth	of	the	Po.et	Foundation;	
	
(e) changes	in	the	availability	and	fees	payable	to	the	Po.et	Foundation	in	

connection	with	its	businesses	and	operations;	
	
(f) changes	in	the	availability	and	salaries	of	employees	who	are	required	

by	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 to	 operate	 their	 respective	 businesses	 and	
operations;	

	
(g) changes	in	preferences	of	users	of	the	Po.et	platform;	



	
(h) changes	 in	competitive	conditions	under	which	the	Po.et	Foundation	

operate,	and	the	ability	of	the	Po.et	Foundation	to	compete	under	such	
conditions;	

	
(i) changes	 in	 the	 future	 capital	 needs	 of	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 and	 the	

availability	of	financing	and	capital	to	fund	such	needs;	
	
(j) war	or	acts	of	international	or	domestic	terrorism;	
	
(k) occurrences	of	catastrophic	events,	natural	disasters	and	acts	of	God	

that	affect	the	businesses	and/or	operations	of	the	Po.et	Foundation;	
	
(l) other	factors	beyond	the	control	of	the	Po.et	Foundation;	and	

	
(m) any	 risk	 and	uncertainties	 associated	with	 the	Po.et	Foundation	and	

its	businesses	and	operations,	 the	Po.et	 tokens,	 the	Po.et	Foundation	
token	 sale	 and	 the	 Po.et	 network	 (each	 as	 referred	 to	 in	 the	
Whitepaper).	

	
All	 forward-looking	 statements	 made	 by	 or	 attributable	 to	 the	 Po.et	
Foundation	or	persons	acting	on	behalf	of	the	Po.et	Foundation	are	expressly	
qualified	in	their	entirety	by	such	factors.	Given	that	risks	and	uncertainties	
that	may	cause	the	actual	future	results,	performance	or	achievements	of	the	
Po.et	Foundation	to	be	materially	different	from	that	expected,	expressed	or	
implied	 by	 the	 forward-looking	 statements	 in	 this	 Whitepaper,	 undue	
reliance	 must	 not	 be	 placed	 on	 these	 statements.	 These	 forward-looking	
statements	are	applicable	only	as	of	the	date	of	this	Whitepaper.	
	
Neither	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 nor	 any	 other	 person	 represents,	 warrants	
and/or	 undertakes	 that	 the	 actual	 future	 results,	 performance	 or	
achievements	of	the	Po.et	Foundation	will	be	as	discussed	in	those	forward-
looking	statements.	The	actual	results,	performance	or	achievements	of	Po.et	
Foundation	may	 differ	materially	 from	 those	 anticipated	 in	 these	 forward-
looking	statements.	
	
Nothing	contained	in	this	Whitepaper	is	or	may	be	relied	upon	as	a	promise,	
representation	or	undertaking	as	to	the	future	performance	or	policies	of	the	
Po.et	Foundation.	
	
Further,	 the	Po.et	Foundation	disclaims	any	 responsibility	 to	update	any	of	
those	 forward-looking	 statements	 or	 publicly	 announce	 any	 revisions	 to	
those	 forward-looking	 statements	 to	 reflect	 future	developments,	 events	or	



circumstances,	 even	 if	 new	 information	 becomes	 available	 or	 other	 events	
occur	in	the	future.	
	
THIRD	PARTY	INFORMATION	AND	NO	CONSENT	OF	OTHER	PERSONS	
	
This	 Whitepaper	 includes	 information	 obtained	 from	 various	 third	 party	
sources	 (“Third	 Party	 Information”).	 None	 of	 the	 publishers	 of	 the	 Third	
Party	 Information	 has	 consented	 to	 the	 inclusion	 of	 the	 Third	 Party	
Information	in	this	Whitepaper	and	is	therefore	not	liable	for	the	Third	Party	
Information.	 While	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 has	 taken	 reasonable	 action	 to	
ensure	that	the	Third	Party	Information	have	been	included	in	their	proper	
form	and	 context,	 neither	 the	Po.et	 Foundation,	 nor	 its	 directors,	 executive	
officers	 and	 employees	 acting	 on	 its	 behalf,	 has	 independently	 verified	 the	
accuracy,	 reliability,	 completeness	 of	 the	 contents,	 or	 ascertained	 any	
applicable	 underlying	 assumption,	 of	 the	 relevant	 Third	 Party	 Information.	
Consequently,	 neither	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 nor	 its	 directors,	 executive	
officers	 and	 employees	 acting	 on	 their	 behalf	makes	 any	 representation	 or	
warranty	as	to	the	accuracy,	reliability	or	completeness	of	such	information	
and	shall	not	be	obliged	to	provide	any	updates	on	the	same.	
	
TERMS	USED	
	
To	 facilitate	 a	 better	 understanding	 of	 the	 Po.et	 tokens	 being	 offered	 for	
purchase	by	the	Po.et	Foundation,	and	the	businesses	and	operations	of	the	
Po.et	 Foundation,	 certain	 technical	 terms	 and	 abbreviations,	 as	 well	 as,	 in	
certain	 instances,	 their	 descriptions,	 have	 been	 used	 in	 this	 Whitepaper.	
These	 descriptions	 and	 assigned	meanings	 should	 not	 be	 treated	 as	 being	
definitive	 of	 their	meanings	 and	may	 not	 correspond	 to	 standard	 industry	
meanings	or	usage.	
	
Words	importing	the	singular	shall,	where	applicable,	include	the	plural	and	
vice	 versa	 and	 words	 importing	 the	 masculine	 gender	 shall,	 where	
applicable,	 include	 the	 feminine	 and	 neuter	 genders	 and	 vice	 versa.	
References	to	persons	shall	include	corporations.	
	
NO	ADVICE	
	
No	information	in	this	Whitepaper	should	be	considered	to	be	business,	legal,	
financial	or	 tax	advice	regarding	 the	Po.et	Foundation,	 the	Po.et	 tokens,	 the	
Po.et	 Foundation	 token	 sale,	 the	 Po.et	 platform	 or	 protocol	 and	 the	 Po.et	
network	 (each	 as	 referred	 to	 in	 the	Whitepaper).	 You	 should	 consult	 your	
own	 legal,	 financial,	 tax	 or	 other	 professional	 adviser	 regarding	 the	 Po.et	
Foundation	 and	 its	 businesses	 and	 operations,	 the	 Po.et	 tokens,	 the	 Po.et	



Foundation	token	sale,	the	Po.et	platform	or	protocol	and	the	Po.et	network	
(each	as	referred	to	 in	the	Whitepaper).	You	should	be	aware	that	you	may	
be	required	to	bear	the	financial	risk	of	any	purchase	of	Po.et	tokens	for	an	
indefinite	period	of	time.	
	
NO	FURTHER	INFORMATION	OR	UPDATE	
	
No	 person	 has	 been	 or	 is	 authorised	 to	 give	 any	 information	 or	
representation	 not	 contained	 in	 this	 Whitepaper	 in	 connection	 with	 Po.et	
Foundation	 and	 its	 businesses	 and	 operations,	 the	 Po.et	 tokens,	 the	 Po.et	
Foundation	token	sale,	the	Po.et	platform	or	protocol	and	the	Po.et	network	
(each	 as	 referred	 to	 in	 the	Whitepaper)	 and,	 if	 given,	 such	 information	 or	
representation	must	not	be	relied	upon	as	having	been	authorised	by	or	on	
behalf	of	the	Po.et	Foundation.	The	Po.et	Foundation	token	sale	(as	referred	
to	 in	 the	 Whitepaper)	 shall	 not,	 under	 any	 circumstances,	 constitute	 a	
continuing	representation	or	create	any	suggestion	or	implication	that	there	
has	been	no	change,	or	development	reasonably	 likely	to	 involve	a	material	
change	in	the	affairs,	conditions	and	prospects	of	the	Po.et	Foundation	or	in	
any	statement	of	fact	or	information	contained	in	this	Whitepaper	since	the	
date	hereof.	
	
RESTRICTIONS	ON	DISTRIBUTION	AND	DISSEMINATION	
	
The	distribution	or	dissemination	of	this	Whitepaper	or	any	part	thereof	may	
be	prohibited	or	restricted	by	the	laws,	regulatory	requirements	and	rules	of	
any	jurisdiction.	In	the	case	where	any	restriction	applies,	you	are	to	inform	
yourself	about,	and	to	observe,	any	restrictions	which	are	applicable	to	your	
possession	of	 this	Whitepaper	or	 such	part	 thereof	 (as	 the	 case	may	be)	at	
your	own	expense	and	without	liability	to	the	Po.et	Foundation.	
	
Persons	 to	 whom	 a	 copy	 of	 this	 Whitepaper	 has	 been	 distributed	 or	
disseminated,	provided	access	 to	or	who	otherwise	have	the	Whitepaper	 in	
their	 possession	 shall	 not	 circulate	 it	 to	 any	 other	 persons,	 reproduce	 or	
otherwise	 distribute	 this	Whitepaper	 or	 any	 information	 contained	 herein	
for	any	purpose	whatsoever	nor	permit	or	cause	the	same	to	occur.	
	
NO	OFFER	OF	INVESTMENT	OR	REGISTRATION	
	
This	Whitepaper	does	not	constitute	a	prospectus	or	offer	document	of	any	
sort	and	is	not	intended	to	constitute	an	offer	of	securities	of	any	form,	units	
in	a	business	trust,	units	in	a	collective	investment	scheme	or	any	other	form	
of	investment,	or	a	solicitation	for	any	form	of	investment	in	any	jurisdiction.	
No	person	is	bound	to	enter	 into	any	contract	or	binding	legal	commitment	



and	 no	 cryptocurrency	 or	 other	 form	 of	 payment	 is	 to	 be	 accepted	 on	 the	
basis	of	this	Whitepaper.		
	
THE	 PO.ET	 TOKEN	 SALE	 (AS	 REFERRED	 TO	 IN	 THIS	WHITEPAPER)	 IS	
INTENDED	 FOR,	MADE	 TO	OR	DIRECTED	 AT	 ONLY	 PERSONS	 OUTSIDE	
THE	UNITED	STATES	OF	AMERICA	AND	THE	REPUBLIC	OF	SINGAPORE	
AND	MAY	 BE	 ACTED	 UPON	 ONLY	 BY	 PERSONS	 OUTSIDE	 THE	 UNITED	
STATES	 OF	 AMERICA	 AND	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 OF	 SINGAPORE.	
ACCORDINGLY,	 YOU	 ARE	 NOT	 ELIGIBLE	 AND	 YOU	 ARE	 NOT	 TO	
PURCHASE	ANY	PO.ET	TOKENS	IN	THE	PO.ET	TOKEN	SALE	IF	YOU	ARE	
LOCATED	 IN	 THE	UNITED	 STATES	OF	AMERICA	OR	THE	REPUBLIC	OF	
SINGAPORE	 AT	 THE	 TIME	 OF	 YOUR	 INTENDED	 PURCHASE/PURCHASE	
OF	PO.ET	TOKENS	IN	THE	TOKEN	SALE.	 	YOU	ARE	ALSO	NOT	ELIGIBLE	
AND	 YOU	 ARE	 NOT	 TO	 PURCHASE	 ANY	 PO.ET	 TOKENS	 IN	 THE	 PO.ET	
TOKEN	SALE	 IF	YOU	ARE	A	CITIZEN,	RESIDENT	(TAX	OR	OTHERWISE),	
DOMICILED	 IN,	 OR	 GREEN	 CARD	HOLDER	OF	 THE	UNITED	 STATES	OF	
AMERICA	OR	A	CITIZEN,	DOMICILED	IN,	OR	RESIDENT	OF	THE	REPUBLIC	
OF	SINGAPORE.	
	
No	regulatory	authority	has	examined	or	approved	of	any	of	the	information	
set	out	in	this	Whitepaper.	No	such	action	has	been	or	will	be	taken	under	the	
laws,	 regulatory	 requirements	 or	 rules	 of	 any	 jurisdiction.	 The	 publication,	
distribution	 or	 dissemination	 of	 this	 Whitepaper	 does	 not	 imply	 that	 the	
applicable	laws,	regulatory	requirements	or	rules	have	been	complied	with.	
	
RISKS	AND	UNCERTAINTIES	
	
Prospective	 purchasers	 of	 Po.et	 tokens	 (as	 referred	 to	 in	 this	Whitepaper)	
should	carefully	consider	and	evaluate	all	risks	and	uncertainties	associated	
with	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 and	 their	 respective	 businesses	 and	 operations,	
the	 Po.et	 tokens,	 the	 Po.et	 Foundation	 token	 sale,	 the	 Po.et	 platform	 or	
protocol	 and	 the	Po.et	network	 (each	as	 referred	 to	 in	 the	Whitepaper),	 all	
information	set	out	in	this	Whitepaper	and	the	T&Cs	prior	to	any	purchase	of	
Po.et	 tokens.	 If	 any	 of	 such	 risks	 and	 uncertainties	 develops	 into	 actual	
events,	the	business,	financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	prospects	
of	 the	Po.et	Foundation	 could	be	materially	 and	adversely	 affected.	 In	 such	
cases,	you	may	lose	all	or	part	of	the	value	of	the	Po.et	tokens.	



W H I T E P A P E R
7-13-2017

https://alpha.po.et/works/60141c12fa45e4ef3d68534f060a2d9e03f728203790a38f9c1602f8a98c26b5


2

1

2

3
4

5

Introduction

What is Proof of Existence?

What is Po.et?
Project Roadmap and Applications

The Po.et Token

Po.et Architecture

1.1
1.2
1.3
1.4

2.1
2.2

4.1
4.2
4.3
4.4

5.1
5.2
5.3
5.4
5.5
5.6

6.1
6.2
6.3
6.4
6.5

Problem Overview
Mission Statement
Core Objectives
Stakeholders

History
Utility

Bootstrapping a Network
Stage One: The Rosetta Era
Stage Two: The Gutenberg Era
Stage Three: The Alexandria Era

Functionality
Po.et Token Overview
Potential Revenue Streams
Token Distribution
Use of Proceeds
The Po.et Foundation

Definitions
Proof of Existence
The Po.et Protocol
Po.et Node
Publisher Integrations

6

Table of Contents



3

Po.et is a shared, open, universal ledger designed to record 
metadata and ownership information for digital creative 
assets. Po.et is a continuation of Proof of Existence, the first 
non-financial application of the blockchain. By creating 
an open platform on the Bitcoin blockchain, Po.et aims 
to create the most institutional, globally-verifiable record 
of digital media assets. This record will be a framework 
for building smart, interoperable media applications 
using a shared, standard and extensible metadata format. 

In the same way that blockchain technologies have 
revolutionized the financial industry by creating immutable 
and distributed accounting ledgers serving as a platform for 
financial applications, Po.et will transform the publishing 
industry by creating an immutable and distributed 
ledger for creative works that may serve as a platform for 
both centralized and decentralized media applications.

This whitepaper in current form is being circulated by the Po.et Foundation (as referred to in this 
whitepaper) for general information and to invite community feedback only on the Po.et project as 
presently conceived, and is subject to review and revision by the Board of Directors, the Board of 
Advisers and/or legal advisers of the Po.et Foundation. Please do not replicate or distribute any part of 
this whitepaper without this note in accompaniment. No part of this whitepaper is intended to create 
legal relations between a recipient of this whitepaper or to be legally binding or enforceable by such 
recipient against the Po.et Foundation. An updated version of this whitepaper may be published on a 
date to be determined and announced by the Po.et Foundation in due course.

Abstract

I M P O R T A N T  A D V I S O R Y



4

Po.et seeks to address three key problems that are difficult to answer about digital assets on the 
internet today:

With the advent of the internet, the defensibility of established copyright and intellectual property 
has struggled to maintain pace with the reduced cost of information sharing. Media marketplaces 
like Shutterstock have attempted to address this issue by creating centralized hubs for licensing 
and ownership information of photos, but these marketplaces are neither interoperable nor do 
they openly and freely share the information with other applications and websites.

The issues in particular include proper and verifiable attribution of ownership, licensing and 
creation. Digital content lacks metadata information such as authorship, ownership, history and 
often the date of creation. Furthermore, metadata can be altered or removed after it has been  
finalized by the author, transferred to the cloud, resized or optimized for network performance. 
This inherent lack of verifiable information breeds uncertainty, especially when applied to complex 
chains of licensing, syndication and ownership. For example, a digital publisher licensing a 
pre-published article does not have the ability to be certain of whether the document in its current 
form is authentic and owned and able to be licensed. Currently, there is an immediate opportunity 
for an open protocol to establish the rightful ownership of creative assets, but this protocol must 
allow for inherently complex and adaptable ownership models.

1)  Ownership — Who owns this digital media asset?
2)  Utilization — May I use, license or repurpose it?
3)  History — What is the origin of this asset and what is its trajectory?

1.1  Problem Overview

1.2  Mission Statement

1.3  Core Objectives

1.4  Stakeholders

We leverage blockchain technology to ensure the existence, integrity, attribution of assets, 
analytics and data as we lay the groundwork for new models of financial exchange, collaboration 
and sharing. As such, Po.et enables value and trust to flow within the publishing and digital media 
industry between publisher, editor and content creator. 

The core objectives of Po.et are to create a platform which simplifies the process for publishing, 
licensing and authentication of digital assets. Simplifying the publishing process necessitates 
solving the issues of document integrity, licensing, arbitrage, analytics, syndication and attribution 
of digital assets. Po.et aims to create a blockchain-based platform with added smart contract 
functionality and applications to facilitate distribution of digital creative works and removes 
marketplace friction for publishers, editors and content creators by solving these issues.

Publisher: Any person or entity that disseminates digital content, including articles, e-books, 
digital images, digital videos, etc. for a profit.
Editor: Any person or entity that curates, compiles or selects digital content, including articles, 
e-books, digital images, digital videos, etc. for a profit.
Content Creator: Any person or entity that produces any form of digital content, including 
articles, e-books, digital images, digital videos, etc.

Introduction



5

Proof of Existence, one of the first non-financial applications of a blockchain, was created in 2013 
by Manuel Araoz. This blockchain application allows for users to anonymously and securely store 
a cryptographic digest of a file linked to the time at which the user submitted the file. This was the 
first online service to allow a user to publicly prove they possessed a certain file or data without 
revealing the data or their identity in a completely trustless manner.1 Proof of Existence utilizes 
the Bitcoin blockchain to ensure that the file’s hash is permanently stored in an immutable data 
structure without the need for a central timestamping authority. 

Three common uses of Proof of Existence include demonstrating data ownership without revealing 
actual data, document timestamping and validating document integrity. Demonstrating data 
ownership is vital when a conflict of ownership arises because it enables a user to cryptographically 
prove possession of the data that generates the hash. This functionality goes hand in hand with 
document timestamping because timestamping proves that a certain set of data existed at a certain 
point in time. Using these two features, a user can prove possession of a set of data at a given time, 
which provides strong evidence in support of copyright or patent claims. Third, Proof of Existence 
facilitates the verification of document integrity because modifications within the document will 
result in a different hash and alert the system that there has been a change. If a document has 
not been altered, it will produce the same hash that is stored in the Bitcoin blockchain, therefore 
providing evidence that the document has not been changed.

These utilities are beginning to align with demonstrable changes in legal admissibility of such 
“smart contracts” and records on a blockchain. Taking the lead last year, the State of Delaware 
started the Delaware Blockchain Initiative (DBI), probably the most well-known state program 
focused on smart contracts and blockchain technology.2 Delaware’s then-governor, Jack Markell, 
launched DBI to jumpstart recognition of blockchain technology under state corporate law, an 
especially significant move considering the many companies incorporated in that state.

Also last year, the State of Vermont passed a bill making it possible for blockchain-registered 
digital records to be admissible in court.3 More recently, the State of Arizona introduced the 
so-called “Smart Contract Bill” in early February 2017, and it quickly landed on the governor’s 
desk for signature on March 29 of that year.4 Arizona’s new statute does more than recognize 
the legality of smart contracts — it also brings any signature, record or contract that is “secured 
through blockchain technology” within the ambit of the state’s Electronic Transactions Act. Other 
jurisdictions could recognize smart contracts under existing state laws modeled on the Uniform 
Electronic Transaction Act or the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce 
Act, without having to pass smart contract- or blockchain technology-specific legislation.

In accordance, a group of journalists, editors and publishers at Bitcoin Magazine, the first publication 
focused on Bitcoin and digital currencies, saw the value of leveraging the capabilities of publishing 
digital assets to a blockchain and engaged Esteban Ordano and a team of developers to build 
a project that extended Proof of Existence to new commercial applications. These commercial 
applications begin with solving challenges unique to digital media, such as identifying ownership 
of digital assets, determining whether a use of a piece of an asset is authorized and simplifying the 
often manual, complicated licensing and onboarding process for outsourced authors, journalists 
and content creators. Thus, Po.et, or Proof of Existence 2.0, was born.

2.1  History

2.2  Utility

[1] https://proofofexistence.com/
[2] https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/delaware-blockchain-initiative-to-streamline-record-keeping-for-private-companies-1462812187/
[3] http://legislature.vermont.gov/assets/Documents/2016/Docs/BILLS/H-0737/H-0737%20As%20Introduced.pdf
[4] http://www.coindesk.com/arizona-governor-signs-blockchain-bill-law/

What is Proof of Existence?



6

Po.et extends the timestamping and hashing features pioneered by Proof of Existence to enable 
new commercial applications by including additional metadata and discoverability. While Proof 
of Existence requires users to have the original file in order to verify the file’s hash and timestamp, 
Po.et allows for the original file and its metadata to be discoverable. This makes it possible for 
anyone to verify both the authenticity of the original file and the associated metadata. 

Po.et uses this shared ledger and data layer to create an extensible platform designed to record 
ownership and metadata for digital media assets. Po.et’s platform allows a user to generate an 
immutable ownership certificate of digital works, track and license assets on the web, discover new 
assets and verify the authenticity of discovered assets.

Po.et is an open source project that is designed for the media and digital publishing initially — 
the original industry disrupted by the internet. While the internet diminished the barriers to 
entry for publishing and ushered in a new era of self-publishing and access to information, Po.et 
aims to enable value to flow within the publishing and digital media industry, from publisher to 
editor to content creator. In order to do so, Po.et will enable anyone to discover more information 
about the digital asset(s): Who owns it, can it be licensed or repurposed  and what is its origin or 
publishing trajectory?

Historically, the answers to these questions have been siloed into specific content libraries like 
Getty Images, Creative Commons or other licensing organizations. Po.et will augment these 
existing content repositories by creating a shared, open, universal, metadata framework that 
will enable smart media applications to be built on top. Additionally, Po.et’s implementation of 
blockchain technology extends the functionality of these existing marketplaces by enabling users 
to discover and verify their content across the internet. 

Growth of the network will provide developers with valuable media data and metadata. 
This will facilitate the building of new and disruptive decentralized applications (DApps) and 
unique media integrations including asset marketplaces, rights management applications and 
open research marketplaces.

What is Po.et?



7

Po.et’s strategy for seeding a network and repository of rich media information relies on providing 
unique value propositions for different stakeholders at each stage of the network’s growth. 
Just as Instagram initially created a photo editing application before growing into the world’s 
largest photo sharing network, Po.et will begin by providing publishing tools that are valuable 
without immediate network effects.

Po.et’s first development era, Rosetta, is designed to attract digital publishers by providing them 
with a useful and inexpensive platform for timestamping and generating immutable ownership 
certificates for their digital assets. The next era, Gutenberg, will provide additional features which 
facilitate seamless licensing, syndication and attribution of digital assets among a network of 
publishers and trusted content creators. After a strong network of publishers is created, the 
project will move to the third era, Alexandria. Having a strong network of publishers will 
create sufficient critical mass for the project to move to an open network and marketplace of 
independent content creators, editors and publishers.

Po.et’s first stage is designed to be useful for any publisher. Timestamps have been used for many years  as 
legal evidence, to verify regulatory compliance, manage liability risks and record possession of intellectual 
property. However, they have typically been used only on high-value documents like patents because 
of the associated cost. Po.et makes trusted timestamps free, accessible and further improves their utility.

The first feature integrated into Po.et is a standardized metadata schema for creative works. 
This enhances internal discoverability by creating a digital asset catalog and facilitating the search 
of a publisher’s timestamped assets. Associated metadata includes original URL, word count, 
author and publication, as well as any custom attributes chosen by the publishers. 

At this stage, Po.et also provides an accurate log of edits to assets and an identity management 
system to prove who amended a document. Users can create a Po.et profile secured cryptographically 
by private keys stored in the Po.et Authenticator mobile app. Identity management, when 
combined with proof of existence, creates an immutable edit log which defends against 
cyberattacks and manipulation of assets by allowing attribution of every change to its authorized 
source. Furthermore, a multi-signature permission will be available to ensure only members of an 
organization with the proper authority are allowed to view or make changes to any given asset. 

The next issue Po.et addresses is the inability for publishers and editors to know whether the 
use of a digital creative work is authentic and authorized. Po.et solves this issue by providing an 
authentication Badge for every digital asset registered on Po.et. This Badge provides a visual 
representation of the asset’s registration in the Po.et ledger, allowing users to follow the link 
to discover metadata and originating information about the asset, authentication and its use is 
authorized by the owner(s).

4.1  Bootstrapping a Network

4.2  Stage One: The Rosetta Era

F E A T U R E S

A sample Badge showing an article that is verified on Po.et

Project Roadmap & Applications



8

Stage two of Po.et is designed as a distributed network of publishers, editors and their trusted 
content creators.

As the content network meets critical mass, all of the major stakeholders in Po.et will benefit. 
A publisher will be able to purchase, distribute and claim content with confidence. An editor 
has access to a growing asset library and transparent licensing parameters. Content creators get 
exposure to more potential revenue and the ability to advertise their services more broadly and 
efficiently.

The first features implemented in stage two will be a streamlined licensing system, payment 
channels and immutable portfolios.

Anyone using the Po.et network will be able to search for, access the title to and license assets 
registered on the Po.et ledger. Po.et facilitates the secure distribution of assets by allowing 
publishers to define contracts and individual terms of use, employing cryptography to automate a 
licensing system that minimizes the roles of third parties. Publishers, content creators and editors 
can choose from pre-existing licenses or create custom parameters, automate micro-payments and 
transfer or issue licenses. 

Payment channels further improve the experience by facilitating payment cycles with custom 
timing, parameters and terms set out in the licensing agreement. This platform of direct access can 
create a marketplace for quality assets with lower pricing by minimizing the overhead and manual 
processes needed to procure re-publication rights today and facilitating a direct relationship 
between trusted publishers, editors and their distributed teams of content creators. 

4.3  Stage Two: The Gutenberg Era

F E A T U R E S

Po.et, in the Rosetta Era, not only solves internal issues for publishers, but also provides a tool for 
improving accountability in the use of academic research and legal industries. 

Bitcoin Magazine, a Po.et Alpha Partner, currently uses timestamping and Badge authentication 
to improve internal discoverability of its assets, demonstrate proof of ownership and provides 
readers with verification of content authenticity. Clicking the Badge allows a reader to view the 
timestamp of a given piece of content, its related metadata and analytics and an immutable edit 
log with a given piece of content’s complete history. A Po.et Badge indicates proper attribution 
and provides editors with a link to reliable document history and performance statistics.

Researchers in industry and academia often have the authenticity and timing of claims called into 
question. Patent applications frequently involve disputes about dates and original experiment 
design. By creating an immutable record of the experimental design and results using the Po.et 
platform, this inherently wasteful aspect of research can be eliminated.

Governments are looking to streamline rules of evidence to allow blockchain evidence to be deemed 
admissible without an expert. U.S. states are leading the way. Vermont passed a bill that creates 
a presumption of admissibility of blockchain records that meet certain requirements.5 Admitted 
records can be used as evidence of contractual parties or terms, effective dates, ownership, money 
transfers, identity, authenticity of a document or anything else. This means that a Po.et timestamp 
will provide strong evidence in a wide variety of claims.

Timestamping Academic Research and Analysis
Admissible Legal Evidence 
Internal Discoverability

S E L E C T  U S E  C A S E S



9

4.4  Stage Three: The Alexandria Era

S E L E C T  U S E  C A S E S

A use case enabled in the Gutenberg Era is laying the foundation for the replacement of the 
antiquated and expensive International Standard Book Number (ISBN) system. An ISBN is the 
standardized numbering system that allows for any book or e-book to be searched in a database 
that contains basic metadata about the author, title and publisher.6 A new ISBN is required for 
each edition and format of a publication. In the U.S. and many other countries around the 
world, this standard numbering system is monopolized by one private company that charges fees 
per ISBN number. A Po.et hash not only stores more metadata than an ISBN number, but also 
saves publishers money by providing this service for free.

At this stage, Po.et enables an asset marketplace with native discoverability, search and financial 
exchange. In this marketplace, trusted content creators may submit new, unpublished content. 
Publishers and editors can then search this marketplace, discover content they would like to 
publish, then connect and transact directly on the platform using smart contracts to automate 
payments and verification. 

The Po.et platform will also enable content creators to incentivize the sharing of assets. For 
example, a corporate publisher would attach a monetary bounty to a press release, with licensing 
terms compensating other publishers for syndicating that asset. Today, networks like PRWeb 
and PR Newswire perform this function as intermediaries. However, Po.et would enable content 
creators to connect directly with said publishers.

The third stage is where Po.et can reach its greatest potential as an open, public network and 
asset database. The asset marketplace and other features will be just the first of many DApps 
built on top of Po.et. It will grow into a user-friendly and developer-friendly platform designed 
to connect content creators, publishers and editors to streamline the process for contracting, 
creating and licensing creative works. With the help of the early network participants and 
publishers, Po.et will research and develop reputation systems, economic incentives and other 
methods for fighting spam and promoting quality assets on the open Po.et network.

ISBN Replacement
Discovery Marketplace

F E A T U R E S

At this stage, Po.et’s documentation, APIs, plugins, tutorials and educational resources make it 
easy for companies, applications and services to be built on top of the Po.et platform and benefit 
from access to Po.et’s network and features. The Po.et Foundation will continue to build and 
implement new DApps to improve the Po.et network. The open network will allow many others 
to apply Po.et’s blockchain to address new use cases and solve countless other problems.

The last feature, immutable portfolios, will allow for all content creators to create a profile 
highlighting all of their creative and digital assets across different publications, with well-defined 
parameters for licensing globally-creating a direct channel for any interested publisher to solicit 
their services or license their existing or future works.with well-defined parameters for licensing 
globally-creating a direct channel for any interested publisher to solicit their services or license 
their existing or future works. 



10

[5] http://legislature.vermont.gov/assets/Documents/2016/Docs/BILLS/H-0737/H-0737%20As%20Introduced.pdf
[6]  http://www.isbn.org/
[7] http://www.licensemag.com/license-global/top-150-global-licensors-2

One potential use during the Alexandria Era is brand licensing. Examples of brand licensing are 
found everywhere in daily life, from NFL t-shirts to Donald Duck wristwatches to Spongebob 
Squarepants macaroni. The brand licensing market is estimated to be worth well over $200 billion 
annually through sales alone.7 The Walt Disney Company recorded over $52 billion in sales 
coming from licensing product agreements spanning across the globe.

The industry, however, has its challenges. Copyright infringement on original assets and barriers 
to entry keep creators from attaining adequate recognition and compensation. Po.et offers an 
innovative solution by providing content creators the ability to generate immutable ownership 
certificates and seamless licensing agreements with integrated payments using the blockchain-
based network.

Po.et creates an encompassing network on which parties can explore unique assets through the 
Po.et network for potential partnerships. This substantially reduces the amount of resources 
required to identify partners and simplifies the due diligence required — a draining process in the 
current brand licensing model. Furthermore, this brings an unprecedented level of accessibility 
to the licensor/licensee relationship under the Po.et network. Rather than limiting licensing 
agreements to large corporations with huge negotiating power, Po.et democratizes peer-to-peer 
sharing and the expansion of brand ideas.

S E L E C T  U S E  C A S E S

Brand Licensing
Open Asset Marketplace



11

5.1  Functionality

5.2  Po.et Token Overview

5.3  Potential Revenue Streams

The Po.et native token serves several purposes:

To bootstrap the network effects of Po.et by creating a community of engaged, 
invested stakeholders and publishers

To raise funds for the long-term development of Po.et.

As the network grows and improves, the Po.et token will evolve with it and may serve a role in the 
governance and reputation systems for the network. Potential additional applications include 
staking tokens as a form of reputation and providing an economic mechanism to prevent spam 
on the Po.et platform. The token is intended to serve as a native payment system for the network, 
with Po.et tokens required to register new content, and as a governance method for the protocol.

While this Whitepaper does not preclude the Po.et Foundation from offering holders of Po.et 
tokens a share of the fees and revenue generated from the commercial applications of Po.et 
network, such offer, if any, and the extent thereof, will be at the sole and absolute discretion 
of the Po.et Foundation. Accordingly, there is no assurance whatsoever as to whether such 
offer will be made and holders of Po.et tokens should have no expectation of receiving any 
such offer. In the premises, no Po.et token should be construed, interpreted, classified or 
treated as enabling, or according any opportunity to, purchasers to participate in or receive 
profits, income, or other payments or returns arising from or in connection with the Po.et 
platform, the Po.et tokens or the proceeds of the Po.et token sale (as described in this 
Whitepaper), or to receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other payments or returns.

The Po.et token is an ERC20 compatible token, built on the Ethereum blockchain for wide 
compatibility with existing wallets, exchanges, smart contracts and other financial infrastructure. 

In the Rosetta Era, all fees will be fully subsidized by the Foundation.

In the Gutenberg Era, the licensing system and facilitating payment channels involved 
therein present opportunities for additional revenue. The development of immutable portfolio 
composition and verification DApps can provide another revenue stream at this stage.

Total tokens
Ticker
Type
Inflation
Token sale start
Sale length
Fundraising goal

Implied market value of Po.et tokens (based on 
purchase price at token sale and total number of 
Po.et tokens to be created)

3,141,592,653
POE
ERC20
None
August 8, 2017 at 8:08 a.m. EST.
Four weeks
$10,000,000 USD
$20,000,000 USD

1.

2.

The Po.et Token



12

5.4  Token Distribution

Of the 3,141,592,653 Po.et tokens, 50 percent will be distributed to the community in a 
public token sale. Of the remaining Po.et tokens, 10 percent will be distributed to the early 
investors who funded Po.et development prior to the token sale. An additional 10 percent will 
be distributed over time to publishers, journalists, alpha partners and others who contribute 
to growing the Po.et network. The Po.et Foundation will retain 22 percent of all tokens for 
long-term development, with the remaining 8 percent going to the early team and founders.

5.5  Use of Proceeds 

The Po.et Foundation will use all funding to support ongoing development and growth of the 
Po.et network. The majority of funding will be used for developer salaries and bounties for 
open-source contributions to Po.et.

5.6  The Po.et Foundation

Po.et is an open-source project being developed by the Po.et Foundation (Poet Technologies 
Limited), a  Singapore-based  organization  whose  mission  is  to  develop   and  grow the 
Po.et platform. 

The Po.et platform codebase will be released under the MIT License, ensuring that any 
network participant is able to extend and adapt the platform for its specific use cases.

The Po.et Foundation will be governed by a board of directors composed of no less than 5 
and no more than 10 individuals who are either investors, founders, partners, advisors or 
team members of Po.et.

In  the  Alexandria Era, Po.et   Foundation revenue   streams  open  up  as  the  brand licensing and 
digital asset licensing marketplaces thrive. Network effects drive expansion of accessibility
to markets,   audiences  and revenue  for content creators and sources of content for  editors 
and publishers.



13

Claim: A low level concept for a statement made on the Po.et platform.

Title: A claim made by one or more users regarding the ownership of a creative work.

License: A type of claim that states that somebody is allowed, under given circumstances, to 
license, publish or use a creative work.

Notary: Any user of the system that does the work of verifying claims made by other people 
and publish their decision on the Po.et platform in the form of certifications.

Certification: A type of claim that refers to another claim. It is the mechanism by which 
a notary asserts that a given claim is valid. A certification can be nullified by issuing a 
revocation.

Revocation: A mechanism for notaries to revert previous assessments. This allows for 
corrections due to error or in light of new evidence.

Offer: A claim that the owner of a creative work can emit to specify the terms under which it 
will issue a license for that work.

Proof of Existence uses the SHA-256 hash of a file as a digital identifier for that asset. SHA-256 
is one of many cryptographic hash functions that take an arbitrary amount of input data and 
deterministically produces a fixed-length output, known as the data’s “hash.” It can be used to 
easily verify that data has not been altered because if any part of the input data is changed and 
the hash algorithm is run again, the hash will change.

Proof of Existence embeds this hash or digital identifier in the Bitcoin blockchain by generating 
a special Bitcoin transaction that includes the hash using the OP_RETURN opcode, 
which allows for the storage of up to 40 bytes of arbitrary data in a provably unspendable 
transaction output. 

At the time of preparation of this paper (June 11, 2017), the cost per byte of data to store on 
the blockchain was approximately 280 Satoshis.  At current bitcoin market price (~$2,500), 
the cost to store 350 bytes (an estimate of a basic transaction with the OP_RETURN data) is 
$0.06.  This price per claim is negligible compared to alternative solutions, though as Bitcoin 
adoption becomes more widespread, this price is expected to rise significantly.

Thus, a more efficient way to prove existence of many claims at the same time is necessary to 
scale.

6.1  Definitions

6.2  Proof of Existence

Po.et Architecture

6.3  The Po.et Protocol

The basic building block of the Po.et network is a claim. A claim is simply a message 
(arbitrary data) stored along the public key of who sent that message and a valid cryptographic 
signature for that message and public key:



14

In today’s data format, valid Po.et transactions must follow these rules:

Hashing is a one-way function that proves a work existed, but one cannot retrieve the work 
itself using just the hash. Therefore, Po.et uses the BitTorrent network to store the complete 
works in files and allows them to be shared via torrent.

Have at least two outputs

One of the outputs has to be an OP Return standard output with the 
”POET0001” prefix written in ASCII encoding, the infohash of the torrent 
containing the claimset information and the BEP009 Tagged Info Hash that is 
expected to replace the use of SHA1 for SHA256

One output paying at the minimum fee, currently 1,000 Satoshis, to the Po.et 
Foundation’s Bitcoin address which will be waived during the first Era of Po.et’s 
development cycle.

Claim messages store information that an actor wants to keep in record for future reference.

For scalability as a key strategic differentiator and  to minimize transaction fees, Po.et 
stores multiple claims in a single Bitcoin transaction by hashing an entire claim set into 
an OP_RETURN output.  While the Bitcoin blockchain provides the most secure, 
immutable data store that has ever existed, data storage on the blockchain is expensive. 
Instead of storing assets and metadata on the blockchain directly, Po.et stores this 
data in a distributed hash table, using BitTorrent and the Kademlia DHT network.

Po.et nodes hash creative works and announce a BitTorrent magnet link to the Bitcoin blockchain. 
Other users are notified that this way of new information is available for download, as other nodes 
constantly watch the Bitcoin blockchain to get notifications about new claim sets that they can 
download. The hash proves that the claims existed at a given point in time. Po.et could use any 
blockchain, or an aggregate of multiple blockchains, to publish this information in the future.



15

Once a claim has been made, it can be queried through interaction with a Po.et node or any 
other system adhering to the Po.et protocol.

A similar process to placing a claim can be used by a notary to add another layer of claim 
(a certification), revoke a claim or signal that the claim is available to be licensed (an offer).

A Po.et Node is made up of the following micro services:

The microservices inside a Po.et node communicate with each other via RabbitMQ and Po.et 
nodes communicate with each other via the Bitcoin blockchain and BitTorrent protocol.

ClaimSet Creator: Exposes an API for the creation of claims, groups together multiple claims 
created by users over short periods of time (minutes to an hour) into a single claim set, hashes 
and timestamps this claim set onto the blockchain and passes the claim set to the torrent 
subsystem and claim processor.

Torrent Service: Responsible for downloading and seeding torrents and notifying other 
subsystems when new information is ready to be consumed.

Bitcoin Scanner: Scans the Bitcoin blockchain (both on an ongoing basis and retroactively) 
looking for valid Po.et transactions.

Claim Processor: Coordinates the Bitcoin scanner and the torrent subsystem, enriches 
claimset information with blockchain confirmation information and stores the information in 
a database.

Trusted Claim System: Processes information from the claim processor and filters out only 
those claims that are certified by trusted notaries. The output of this is a curated database of 
trusted claims.

Copyright Domain Subsystem: Applies the domain-specific rules to the information gathered 
by the trusted claim system and exposes the information with a RESTful API.

6.4 Po.et Node

There will be 3 main ways to write assets to the Po.et blockchain.

Single creative works can be manually registered through the Po.et node UI. 

The Po.et foundation will develop integrations via popular CMS Plugins (Wordpress, 
Django, Ghost, Drupal, etc.), RSS Feeds, social media and code libraries for direct 
integration. 

For large archives of assets and partnerships, the Po.et Foundation will work with partners 
to run a mass import of creative works from existing databases, websites or APIs.

6.5 Publisher Integrations

1.

2.

3.


