













































p. 01 Version 8.0

A Decentralized 

Cyber Threat

Intelligence Market.



p. 02 Version 8.0

Table of Contents
PolySwarm in 60 Seconds   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 03

Background .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 04

Reinventing the Threat Intelligence Market  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 06

The Participants   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 07

Prediction Markets, Arbiters & Mediated Consensus   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 09

Determining Ground Truth   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 10

The Instruments   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .11

Rewarding Accuracy  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .13

Fees  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 15

Protocol Details   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 16

Bounty Lifecycle  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .17

Offer Lifecycle  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 20

Reputation  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 22

Worker Registry  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 23

Artifact Confidentiality  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 24

Additional Markets  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 25

Roadmap  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 26

Token Sale  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 28

Disclaimer  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 32



p. 03 Version 8.0

PolySwarm in 60 Seconds

Polyswarm is a decentralized threat intelligence market 
made possible by Ethereum smart contracts and blockchain 

technology .

Polyswarm incentivizes rapid innovation in the $8 .5B/yr anti-virus and 
automated cyber threat intelligence space with precise economic incentives that 
reward timely and accurate threat intelligence concerning the malintent of files, 
network traffic and URLs .

PolySwarm defines a real-time threat detection ecosystem involving 
enterprises, consumers, vendors and geographically-diverse security 
experts. Experts develop and hone competing “micro-engines” that 
autonomously investigate the latest threats, attempting to outperform 
their competition. PolySwarm’s “Proof of Work” is threat detection 
accuracy: the market rewards experts who are best able to defend 
enterprises and end users.

Relative to today’s ad hoc market, PolySwarm will lower the barier to 
entry, provide broader coverage options, discourage duplicative effort 
and ensure interoperability among products and threat intelligence 
feeds.

Economically, PolySwarm functions as a skill-required twist on a 
prediction market2 with thousands of micro-engines (“workers”) 
investigating the latest in malware evolution at machine speed - no 
human in the loop.

PolySwarm will be developed by Swarm Technologies, Inc. (“Swarm 
Technologies”) with funding derived from the sale of ERC20-compatible 
Nectar (“NCT”) utility tokens.

As a utility token, PolySwarm economically disincentivizes Nectar 
speculation by rewarding honest market participation through the 
collection and distribution of Fees (details on page 6) to value-
adding, active participants.

1  Jefferies Cyber Security Primer. January 18, 2017.
2  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prediction_market 



p. 04 Version 8.0

Background

Today’s enterprises rely on an ad-hoc mixture of anti-virus subscriptions, 
threat intelligence feeds, and assorted dynamic analysis engines to defend 
against evolving adversarial cyber activity . Users must weigh the benefits and 
drawbacks presented by each solution and decide on the least-worst fit for their 
environment .

Today’s market discourages solutions that provide broad threat 
coverage.

Today’s solutions focus on a comfort zone of threats - a direct result 
of today’s market economics.

Figure A: The black rectangle represents all the threats an Enterprise may encounter; white circles 
are anti-virus product #1 and #2, respectively.

It’s easy (and perhaps justifiable) to ignore an anti-virus solution 
that doesn’t detect WannaCry3, but in doing so, today’s market 
effectively rewards overlapping coverage among vendors - a market 
inefficiency that causes duplicative cost. This is a classic tragedy of 
the commons situation.

Similarly, consider a vendor that chooses to develop expertise outside of 
this comfort zone. If the comfort zone is defined by the set of threats 
faced by most enterprises, sales for this specialized vendor will be 
difficult. How do you convince a potential customer that they will have 

3 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WannaCry_ransomware_attack



p. 05 Version 8.0

to deal with malware that you are uniquely qualified to detect / prevent 
/ mitigate?

Finally, defenders cannot mix and match many of today’s solutions, 
making combinatorial coverage impossible in many scenarios.

In contrast, PolySwarm will foster an ecosystem of broad coverage 
powered by 1000s of “micro-engine” workers, authored by 
geographically diverse security experts.

Figure B: PolySwarm will foster an ecosystem that produces broad threat coverage.

PolySwarm provides a legitimate revenue stream for security 
experts.

When local economics cannot support sufficient honest work, some 
security experts develop ransomware, operate bots and otherwise use 
their skills for evil. PolySwarm provides a region-free alternative: 
unencumbered reward for honest work. Experts compete to make the 
internet a safer place.

PolySwarm puts the user first.

The PolySwarm market directs economic incentives to where it matters 
most: toward accurate malintent detection (“threat intelligence”). 
Accuracy is determined via a novel process we call Mediated Consensus 
(details on page 10).

In short, PolySwarm provides users with timely access to broad, 
crowdsourced security expertise. Need to quickly triage a suspect file? 
Just Swarm ItTM.



p. 06 Version 8.0

Reinventing the Threat Intelligence Market

PolySwarm's Nectar ("NCT") tokens form the basis of a new market that 
introduces novel instruments for satisfying demand for timely and accurate 
assertions regarding the malintent of files, network traffic, and URLs, collectively 
refered to as Artifacts . These new instruments are structured to directly 
incentivize innovation in the threat intelligence space with a feedback loop 
driven by accurate results .

PolySwarm employs Fees to discourage spam and incentivize honest and 
active market engagement. Fees are assessed on transaction types 
that may be abused for spam, and then distributed to active ecosystem 
participants; those who are introducing Artifacts and determining 
ground truth regarding the malintent of Artifacts. This participation 
is measured in a sliding window fashion, “ageing-off” older market 
contributions, thereby incentivizing continued market participation.

PolySwarm 1.0 (and this document) will focus exclusively on boolean 
(malicious / benign) determination, but the PolySwarm team has 
bigger plans than disrupting boolean malintent determination. During 
PolySwarm 1.0 development, the team will investigate methods to 
incentivize the production of artifact metadata such as malware family 
and how core PolySwarm concepts such as smart contract market 
design, Mediated Consensus and an information security focus can 
disrupt related markets such as vulnerability bug bounties4.

Before introducing PolySwarm’s instruments, we introduce the 
participant classes that will utilize them.

Enterprises Experts Ambassadors Arbiters

4 “HackerOne but distributed, pseudonymous, and unfettered by jurisdictional 
encumbrances. Powered by blockchain.” Not covered by this document. 



p. 07 Version 8.0

The Participants

END USERS

AMBASSADOR
(INFOSEC COMPANY)

NO REWARD

(ENTERPRISES)

SECURITY
EXPERT

SECURITY
EXPERT

SECURITY
EXPERT

OFFER

BOUNTY

ARBITERS

GROUND TRUTH

 
Figure C: Overview of PolySwarm’s Bounty and Offer lifecycles.

End Users: Enterprise and home users with suspect Artifacts . End Users 
participate in the PolySwarm market via Bounties and Offers (more on these in a 
moment) and extract timely and accurate malintent classifications

Security Experts (“Experts”): Geographically diverse malware experts and 
reverse engineers . Experts dissect the latest suspect Artifacts and maintain 
PolySwarm-connected detection engines (“workers”) that determine malintent . 
Experts commit to “Assertions”, public statements that reflect the results of their 
analysis into the malintent of the Artifact . Those that have committed an accurate 
Assertion are rewarded (in NCT) for their efforts .

As far as core participants go, that’s actually it. Simplicity is good, 
but this is pretty far from the full PolySwarm story. Technically, 
PolySwarm could work with only these two classes of participants. 
Realistically, it won’t because most End Users will prefer to outsource 
the nitty gritty of interfacing with the PolySwarm market. Before going 
further, we must introduce Ambassadors (another participant) and a 
certain subclass of these Ambassadors.



p. 08 Version 8.0

Ambassadors: Companies that make it easy for End Users to benefit from the 
PolySwarm market . Ambassadors collect traditional fiat (e .g . subscription fees) 
and suspect Artifacts from their clients (End Users) and introduce Bounties 
and Offers into the market on their clients’ behalf . It is the Ambassador’s 
responsibility to distill the Assertions of various Experts into a simple malicious 
or benign Verdict that they deliver to their clients .

A trivial, perhaps naive approach for this distillation might be to 
simply average the Assertions provided by Experts. It is unlikely, 
however, that such an algorithm would compete favorably against a 
Bayesian analysis5, let alone expert human involvement. We expect 
existing Antivirus and threat intelligence firms to participate in the 
PolySwarm market as early Ambassadors, augmenting their in-house 
expertise with PolySwarm-enabled triage of suspect Artifacts.

From the User’s perspective, upgrading to PolySwarm-backed protection 
is an easy process: choose a reputable Ambassador and pay a 
subscription fee.

An Ambassador’s reputation is based on past Verdict performance 
relative to ground truth. Ambassadors are incentivized to make their 
Verdicts public due to their inherent desire to build reputation and 
attract new clients, as well as take advantage of a discount on 
Fees (this process is detailed later). These public Verdicts enable 
the creation of an Ambassador “scorecard” that rates real-world 
performance against non-synthetic Artifacts with data that is simply 
not available in today’s market6.

Arbiters: Top-echelon Ambassadors that are responsible for determining 
malintent ground truth . A certain percentage of Ambassadors (in terms of Fees 
generated) will be considered “Arbiters” .

During development, the PolySwarm will assign Arbitership to existing, 
reputable threat intelligence vendors that are willing to maintain 
frequent engagement with the PolySwarm team, help identify and 
address platform bugs, and help build interest in the ecosystem.

Once PolySwarm 1.0 is ready for launch, these designated Arbiters will 
need to maintain top-echelon Ambassador volumes to maintain Arbiter 
status.

5 Kantchelian, Alex, et al. “Better malware ground truth: Techniques for 
weighting anti-virus vendor labels.” Proceedings of the 8th ACM Workshop 
on Artificial Intelligence and Security. ACM, 2015.
6 The closest analog is AV Comparatives (https://www.av-comparatives.
org/).



p. 09 Version 8.0

Prediction Markets, Arbiters & 
Mediated Consensus
In the PolySwarm ecosystem, Security Experts develop micro-engine 
workers that compete to quickly & accurately investigate suspect artifacts . 
This investigation occurs at machine speed - well before the ground truth 
concerning an artifact’s malintent has been established .

This design shares some similarities with prediction markets, i.e. 
rewarding past assertions based on accuracy, but differs in two critical 
respects:

1. No future data is required to accurately classify an artifact. 
The “correct” answer to whether an artifact is malicious can always 
be determined with certainty at the time it is made available to 
workers. PolySwarm is a skill-based design where nothing is left to 
chance7.

2. Determining ground truth will always require expertise. This is 
in contrast to the “universal observability” of prediction markets 
(including crypto markets such as Augur8) that rely on unskilled 
participants to observe and record events as they occur.

Item #1 is PolySwarm’s gambling deterent9.

Item #2 introduces a technical challenge: what is the best way to 
incentivize authorities to continually produce ground truth? PolySwarm’s 
answer is the Arbiter class and a process we refer to as Mediated 
Consensus.

7 In theory. In practice, at least two events may introduce uncertainty: 
(1) arbiters incorrectly determine ground truth resulting in reward 
distribution to wrong experts, (2) the expert’s analysis is accurate 
according to ground truth, but the expert disagrees on the boundaries of 
malintent - a semantic issue that is larger than PolySwarm. Is adware 
malware or simply a potentially unwanted application? Neither of these 
variables fundamentally detracts from the skill-based nature of the 
PolySwarm ecosystem.
8  https://augur.net/
9  Guessing, betting, gambling or other chance-based wagers on 
artifact malintent is bad for everyone and PolySwarm is specifically 
designed to be inhospitable to this misuse of the platform.



p. 10 Version 8.0

Mediated Consensus is a generic design paradigm that we hope will 
find a home in other market design projects. In short, Mediated 
Consensus is market design that entrusts a critical task to a subset of 
participants. These participants:

1. Are qualified to complete the task (possess expertise).

2. Have their interests aligned with the overall health of the market 
(avoiding tragedy of the commons).

We’ve designed Arbiters to satisfy these two constraints. By definition, 
the Arbiter class is defined as the most active Ambassadors in the 
PolySwarm ecosystem at any given time.

As Ambassadors, Arbiters are contracted by their customers to 
distill Security Experts’ assertions into Verdicts. Customers trust 
them to possess and exercise automated - and when necessary - 
human expertise. These companies already have a vested interest in 
maintaining a public record of accuracy (item #1).

As the most active Ambassadors, Arbiters have the most to gain / lose 
by an honest / dishonest PolySwarm ecosystem. Their large stake in the 
faith of the ecosystem aligns their financial interests with the health 
of the market (item #2).

We’ve designed Fees as a supplemental defense against Arbiter abuse 
such as Arbiter-Security Expert collusion.

Determining Ground Truth
Most of the technical details of the Arbiter voting process are intentionally left 
undefined at this time . The reason for this is simple: the specifics of the Arbiter 
decision process are predicated on the specifics of virtually all other PolySwarm 
processes - and we expect variations in other processes .

1. That being said, we expect the following high level design choices to 
provide value in this process:

2. Arbiters reach consensus on ground truth via a majority vote.

3. These votes are mined onto the Ethereum chain en masse (many 
votes per cycle), saving time and money (Ethereum gas) for the 
PolySwarm ecosystem.



p. 11 Version 8.0

4. To encourage participation, Arbiters are rewarded with Fees for 
voting on the ground truth of artifacts.

5. Arbiters may abstain from voting on any particular artifact. 
Arbiters may choose to do this if, for example, they feel unqualified 
to determine the malintent of a particular artifact.

6. As necessary, Arbiter voting privileges are automatically 
delegated to additional Ambassadors (in order of volume) to 
ensure quorum on all ground truth determinations.

7. As necessary, we expect participants to challenge Arbiters’ 
determinations as is done today: with a blog post or technical 
paper describing the malintent or benign nature of an artifact that 
an authority such as an Arbiter had miscateogrized: an external PR-
driven feedback loop.

The PolySwarm team will iteratively develop the details concerning 
Arbiter voting and incentive structures during development. We expect 
early Arbiter feedback will be instrumental to this design.

• Topics of research include, but are not limited to:

• Minimum Arbiter quorum percentage

• Arbiter deferal procedure (for when quorum cannot be achieved)

• Appropriate Fee reward structure

• Incentive for timely ground truth determination, e.g. only first X 
Arbiters to vote receive reward

• Penalty for non-participation, e.g. Arbiters must vote on ground 
truth for X% of artifacts in a time window, else their Arbiter status 
is revoked

• (As necessary) additional deterents against perverse incentives

The Instruments
PolySwarm exposes two core instruments to End Users and 
Ambassadors10 that increase the efficacy of the threat intelligence 
market:

10 Hereafter, End Users and Ambassadors is shortened to 
Ambassadors. End Users may act as their own Ambassador. 
We expect some large enterprises to participate in this 
manner.



p. 12 Version 8.0

Polyswarm Offers: Requests made directly to reputable Security Experts for 
their malintent prediction . PolySwarm provides frictionless access to thousands 
of such researchers, enabling traditional information sharing agreements with 
non-traditional participants . This interaction happens inside Raiden11-style 
Offer Channels (detailed later) . Once Channels are established, Offers provide 
millisecond-scale latency for artifact investigation .

Polyswarm Bounties: A wild-west style “Wanted” poster with accompanying 
Artifact contents (e .g ., Wanted: This Artifact: Malicious or Benign? Reward: 
1000 NCT) . Security Experts make a name for themselves (build reputation) by 
successfully competing for Bounties . No direct analog exists in today’s market .

Offers are the closest analogue to today’s on-demand scanning market 
and operate with millisecond latency.

Ambassadors issue Offers and Artifacts directly to chosen Security 
Experts, optionally under a non-disclosure agreement. Each Expert 
chooses whether to accept the Offer based on their confidence in 
rendering an accurate Assertion for the provided Artifact. Experts may 
choose to decline if they are not confident so as to avoid adversely 
affecting their reputation. If the Expert accepts the Offer, the Expert 
commits to providing a malintent Assertion in a timely fashion. Token 
collection and awards for all instruments are managed and executed 
entirely by distributed smart contracts.

Issuing an Offer requires a certain familiarity with Experts best 
equipped to dissect the Artifact in question. To ease this matchmaking, 
Experts advertise their specialties via listings in the PolySwarm Worker 
Registry - PolySwarm’s analog to Ethereum dApp Registries12 and build 
public reputation by successfully participating in similar Bounties.

Bounties are cheaper than Offers and require no upfront familiarity with 
specific Experts, but Bounties are not for everyone.

First, Bounties must be mined into an Ethereum block, which occurs 
approximately every 15 seconds - by far the dominant time cost in 
this arangement. Second, when placing a Bounty, the Artifact must 
be made public13. After all, wild-west “Wanted” posters wouldn’t be 
of much help if they weren’t posted in a public place with all known 
information. In a similar manner, Bounties represent a public, smart 
(as in contract) commitment to reward providers of information that 
leads to the quarantine or exoneration of Artifacts. Bounties also form 
a critical component of the feedback loop that establishes ground truth.

BOUNTY

OFFER

11  http://raiden.network/
12  See the Worker Registry section on page 23 for more details.
13  True of PolySwarm 1.0, not necessarily true in future 
iterations. See Artifact Confidentiality. 

http://raiden.network/


p. 13 Version 8.0

Rewarding Accuracy
In a departure from today’s market, the PolySwarm market offers precise rewards 
based solely on the accuracy of threat intelligence, incentivizing Experts to 
optimize exclusively for detection accuracy (minimal false positives and false 
negatives), and enabling Ambassadors to extract maximal value on behalf 
of their clients . PolySwarm defines accuracy as agreement (or not) between 
Experts’ Assertions and Arbiter-defined ground truth .

This accuracy feedback loop is driven by PolySwarm Bounties. Each 
Bounty rewards Experts who render an accurate Assertion and penalizes 
Experts making an inaccurate Assertion – all whilst avoiding the 
introduction of collusion incentives between Ambassadors and Experts14. 
PolySwarm Offers provide a convenient means of achieving traditional 
1:1 business relationships, but do not factor into this accuracy 
equation.

Ground truth is produced and consumed in the PolySwarm marketplace in the 
following manner:

1. An Ambassador places a Bounty on an Artifact, submitting a Fee to 
do so.

2. Various Experts render Assertions on this Artifact prior to the 
Bounty’s Assertion deadline. Each Assertion is accompanied by an 
Expert-chosen NCT amount (a “Bid”) that reflects the Expert’s 
confidence in their Assertion. A Fee is assessed as a percentage of 
this “Bid”. These Assertions are confidential up until the Assertion 
deadline.

3. The Ambassador produces a Verdict, taking Experts’ Assertions 
into account however they see fit and delivers this Verdict to their 
client. The Ambassador is incentivized to make this Verdict public in 
order to build their reputation and take advantage of a Fee discount 
(detailed later).

4. At a later time (e.g., 7 days after the Artifact was placed on 
Bounty), Arbiters are offered the opportunity to vote on whether 
the Artifact is in fact malicious or benign. This later-determined 
ground truth IS NOT A BLOCKER FOR RAPIDLY RETURNING ARTIFACT 
VERDICTS. In other words, Ambassadors need not (and should not) 
wait for ground truth determination before returning a result to their 
customer.

14  This includes potential collusion interest between Experts 
and Arbiters who vote on their own Bounties. The PolySwarm 
Fee structure is designed such that no single Arbiter could 
sway ground truth sufficiently to cause a colluding Expert 
to receive a Bounty greater than the Arbiter’s cost for 
introducing doubt into the market.



p. 14 Version 8.0

5. A quorum of Arbiters determines the ground truth status of the 
Artifact. The details of this vote to ground truth conversion process 
are yet to be determined. Possible arangements are simple majority 
vote or proportional majority vote (e.g., based on amount of market 
participation). These specifics will be determined during prototype 
development.

6. With ground truth established, the Bounty smart contract awards 
NCT to Experts who rendered accurate Assertions. The amount of NCT 
awarded is proportional to the Expert’s Bid amount relative to the 
total pool of accurate Bids.

 
 
On the surface, it may seem that a classic prediction market would 
fit well here: Experts render Assertions and, at a later date, these 
Assertions are compared against ground truth, ultimately triggering 
rewards and penalties based on their accuracy. The trouble for 
PolySwarm is that classic prediction markets implicitly assume a source 
of ground truth that is verifiable by all participants. A prediction 
market that asks who will win an election or whether the price of gold 
will exceed an amount by a certain day is easily settled because all 
participants can verify these data points after the prediction period has 
closed: Who won the election? Did gold exceed the strike price?

Determining the malintent of a suspect Artifact demands expertise that 
is not uniformly shared among PolySwarm participants. This conundrum 
has analogues to prediction markets applied to medical diagnoses15, 
where doctors bring varying degrees of expertise to bear.

PolySwarm entrusts ground truth determination to Arbiters. In today’s 
market, the role of the Arbiter is effectively filled by traditional 
anti-virus companies. These companies “vote” (and are held publicly 
accountable) on “ground truth” via services like VirusTotal. In the 
PolySwarm market, the set of Arbiters is determined solely by market 
participation, offering opportunity for newer players to shake up the 
establishment.

In summary, we believe this process properly incentivizes Arbiters to 
commit resources to conduct due diligence when determining ground 
truth for the benefit of the market as a whole.

This concept of an elite group of ground truth “verifiers” has 
applicability to other sectors. We anticipate that others will explore 
the feasibility of using this mechanism in other token platforms that 
demand specialized knowledge to arive at ground truth.

15  Kurvers, Ralf HJM, et al. "Boosting medical diagnostics by 
pooling independent judgments." Proceedings of the National 
Academy of Sciences (2016): [201601827].



p. 15 Version 8.0

Fees
Fees are assessed for various transactions in the PolySwarm market and are 
designed to achieve two goals:

1. Promote efficiency in the PolySwarm market by incentivizing 
actions that incur minimal Ethereum gas cost. Fixed-rate Fees 
are applied to PolySwarm transactions to discourage behavior 
that would generate superfluous transactions (including spam 
transactions) and therefore incur unnecessary gas cost across the 
market. PolySwarm’s need to scale these Fees independently of 
Ethereum gas cost is one of several reasons the creation of NCT is 
essential to the existence of the PolySwarm market.

2. Reward active PolySwarm market participants in proportion to 
their (honest) participation. Fees are awarded to participants 
that are actively utilizing the PolySwarm ecosystem via the 
introduction of Artifacts (Ambassadors placing Bounties) and the 
determination of ground truth regarding the malintent of Artifacts 
(Arbiters reaching quorum on ground truth).

During network development, the PolySwarm team will red team the Fee 
structures presented above, iterating as necessary to best encourage a 
healthy market.

Bounty Placement Fees Paid by Ambassadors

When an Ambassador lists a Bounty on the PolySwarm market, the 
following Fees are rendered on the funds that are held in the smart 
contract:

1. A fixed listing Fee. This fixed fee encourages the Ambassador to 
group multiple Artifacts into a single Bounty, reducing strain on the 
network and gas costs for all.

2. A Fee proportional to the Bounty amount. Bounties with a higher 
initial Bounty amount will likely attract more Expert responses. This 
proportional Fee is assessed to scale the Fee with Expert interest 
(and network strain).

Bounty Assertions Fees Paid by Experts

When an Expert renders an Assertion against a Bounty, the following 
Fees are rendered on the funds that are held in the smart contract:



p. 16 Version 8.0

1. A fixed Assertion Fee. This fixed Fee disincentivizes repeated 
Assertions that may slow down the network.

2. A Fee proportional to the Bid amount.

Offer Channel Settlement: Ambassador Fees

Offers occur within Raiden-style Offer Channels, established directly 
between Ambassadors and Experts. When an Ambassador and/or Expert 
decide to settle their Offer Channel onto the blockchain, the following 
Fee is assessed by the Channel smart contract:

1. A percentage of the net NCT transfered over the channel. This 
Fee is assessed on the Ambassador-supplied tokens when the channel 
is opened. When the channel is closed, these Fees are refunded to 
the Ambassador in proportion to unused channel tokens.

Protocol Details
Here we detail Polyswarm Bounties, Offers, Assertions and 
Verdicts . Bounties and Offers are collectively refered to as 
Polyswarm Listings . A Polyswarm Statement is any of: Bounty, 
Offer, Assertion or Verdict .

BOUNTY OFFER

Bounties Offers Assertions Verdicts



p. 17 Version 8.0

Bounty Lifecycle
When an Ambassador wishes to place a Bounty on the 
market, the Ambassador registers a Statement via a call to 
the PolySwarm Bounty smart contract .

The Bounty Statement contains the following items:

1. Listing GUID: A globally-unique identifier for the Listing.

2. The Ambassador’s Identity. This takes the form of a 
signature on the Statement, verifiable by anyone in possession 
of the Ambassador’s address (public keys are derived from 
addresses).

3. A Bounty Placement Fee. This Fee is a fixed amount + a 
percentage of the Bounty Amount (described in “Fee” section 
above). A discount is applied if the Ambassador later publicly 
commits to a Verdict.

4. The Bounty Amount. This amount is placed into the smart 
contract alongside the Bounty Placement Fee and is awarded 
to Experts that render accurate Assertions (or refunded if no 
Experts respond). This amount is akin to a transaction fee 
in Ethereum or Bitcoin and is useful to call attention to the 
Bounty.

5. Cryptographic hash of the Artifact. Configurable, but 
curently SHA256. This uniquely identifies the Artifact.

6. The URI of the Artifact. Due to storage costs, Artifacts 
are not stored on-chain. We anticipate a secondary market to 
arise for outsourcing storage and delivery of Artifacts16 and 
that some Ambassadors will choose to retain a copy of all 
swarmed Artifacts for later competitive analysis.

7. Assertion Deadline: Deadline for Assertion. The Ambassador 
may choose to shorten or lengthen analysis periods based on 
their requirements for the particular Artifact. Artifacts that 
require a more in-depth analysis likely require more time 
(and also likely a higher Bounty amount to attract attention), 
whereas other Artifacts may require a quick turnaround.

BOUNTY

16 Commentary on this and other anticipated secondary 
markets provided later.



p. 18 Version 8.0

Once the Bounty is listed, Experts will determine whether the Artifact 
fits their skillset and whether their expected reward warants their 
attention. This expected reward is a function of their confidence 
interval regarding the malintent of the Artifact.

Experts that choose to participate place Bids on their Assertions that 
represent their level of confidence (and risk tolerance). The Bounty 
amount plus the sum total of all inaccurate Bids are awarded to 
accurate Bids in proportion to their Bid amount relative to the total 
accurate Bid amount.

Consider the following example (Fees are omitted here for simplicity):

1. An Ambassador places a Bounty with 2 NCT. This 2 NCT is placed 
into the Bounty smart contract. Thus far, this 2 NCT Bounty Amount 
constitutes the entire “pot” of potential winnings for accurate 
Experts.

2. Experts A and B study the Artifact and decide to Assert that the 
Bounty Artifact is benign. They place a 5 and 3 NCT bid on their 
Assertions, respectively.

3. Experts C and D study the Artifact and decide to Assert that the 
Bounty Artifact is malicious. They place a 1 and 4 NCT bid on their 
Assertions, respectively.

4. At some later time, the Arbiters establish ground truth and 
determine that the artifact was in fact malicious. Experts A and B 
therefore rendered inaccurate Assertions; Experts C and D rendered 
accurate Assertions.

5. The Bounty amount plus the Bids placed by Experts A and B make up 
the “pot” that is proportionally awarded to Experts C and D. This 
pot is 2 + 5 + 3 = 10 NCT.

6. Expert C made an accurate Assertion and her Bid represented 1/5 of 
the total accurate Bid amount. Expert C has her Bid returned plus 
her portion of the pot: 1 + 1/5 * 10 = 3 NCT.

7. Expert D made an accurate Assertion and his Bid represented 4/5 of 
the total Bid amount. Expert D gets his bid back plus his portion of 
the pot: 4 + 4/5 * 10 = 12 NCT.

Bounty Assertions contain:

1. Listing GUID + Cryptographic Hash: A unique reference to the 
prompting Bounty Listing.



p. 19 Version 8.0

2. The Expert’s Identity: Again, as a signature on the Statement.

3. An Assertion Fee: This Fee is a fixed amount + a percentage of the 
Bid amount (see “Fees” section).

4. Bid Amount.

5. The Assertion: A boolean “Malicious” or “Benign” determination 
regarding the malintent of the Artifact. Assertions are kept secret 
until the Bounty’s Assertion deadline expires. We anticipate using 
blind commitments + a reveal phase to achieve this property.

6. (Optional) Metadata: Information derived during Assertion 
generation and offered as a value-add to the Ambassador to utilize 
in their Verdict computation (e.g., malware family). Experts may 
volunteer this information as a means to differentiate themselves 
and attract future business.

With Assertions streaming in, the Ambassador weighs Assertions and 
incorporates their own internal due diligence efforts, producing a 
“malicious” or “benign” Verdict. The Ambassador delivers this Verdict 
to their client as their ultimate response regarding the malintent of the 
Artifact. The Ambassador may also choose to make this Verdict public 
(and is incentivized to do so via a Fee discount) before the Verdict 
deadline.

Public Verdicts contains the following items:

1. Listing GUID: A reference to the prompting Listing.

2. The Ambassador’s NCT Identity: Again, as a signature on the 
Statement.

3. The Verdict: A boolean “malicious” or “benign” determination 
regarding the malintent of the Artifact.

At some later time, the Arbiters reach quorum on the ground truth 
regarding the Artifact. This ground truth is compared against each 
Experts’ Assertions and NCT is awarded for accurate Assertions.



p. 20 Version 8.0

Offer Lifecycle
When an Ambassador wishes to issue Offers to a chosen 
Expert, the Ambassador opens a Raiden-style channel with 
the Expert .

This is done by instantiating an Offer Channel smart contract with the 
Expert that includes the following:

1. Identities of Ambassador and Expert.

2. Channel Balance: The maximum net NCT that the Ambassador 
is comfortable settling with the Expert at channel close time 
(plus Fees).

With the Offer Channel established, the Ambassador issues zero or more 
Offers to the Expert . Each Offer includes the following:

1. Listing GUID: A globally-unique identifier for the Listing.

2. The Offer Amount. This Amount must not exceed the remaining 
balance on the Offer Channel smart contract (minus Fees).

3. Cryptographic hash of the Artifact.

4. The URI of the Artifact. The Artifact is optionally encrypted 
to the Offeree’s identity or otherwise access protected to 
ensure confidentiality.

5. Engagement Deadline: Deadline for Engagement Response 
(described below).

6. Assertion Deadline: Deadline for Assertion on this Offer.

When presented with an Offer, the Expert (Offeree) may choose 
to engage with the Offer or ignore it. Each Offeree determines 
whether this Artifact is worth evaluating for the Offered amount 
in the time allotted.

The Offeree’s future business is based on their ability to produce 
accurate results. If the Offeree is not confident in her ability to 

OFFER



p. 21 Version 8.0

produce an accurate result in the time allotted (e.g., the Artifact is a 
filetype that the Offeree is ill-equipped to analyze), she may choose to 
reject the Offer.

If the Offeree decides to reject the Offer, she either actively issues a 
“decline” Engagement Statement or simply waits for the Engagement 
Deadline to expire. It likely behooves the Offeree to actively reject, 
rather than wait for the Engagement Deadline, as Ambassadors will 
likely favor Experts who do not force them to wait until the Engagement 
Deadline to determine next steps.

If the Offeree accepts the Offer, she issues an “accept” Engagement 
Statement prior to the Engagement deadline.

Engagement Statements contain the following items:

1. Listing GUID + Hash: A reference to the prompting Listing.

2. Engagement Commitment: A boolean “accept” or “decline” that 
states whether the Offeree will engage with this Offer and commit 
an Assertion prior to the Offer’s Assertion Deadline.

Once the Offeree accepts an Offer, the Offeree has until the Assertion 
Deadline to render an Assertion against the Offer.

These Assertions contain the following:

1. Listing GUID + Hash: Unique reference to the prompting Listing.

2. The Assertion: A boolean “malicious” or “benign” determination 
regarding the malintent of the Artifact.

3. (Optional) Metadata: Information derived during Assertion 
generation and offered as a value-add to the Ambassador to utilize 
in their Verdict computation (e.g., malware family). Experts may 
volunteer this information as a means to differentiate themselves 
and attract future engagements.

After the Expert delivers her Assertion to the Ambassador, the 
Ambassador signs a Raiden-style message that commits to also deliver 
the Offer amount, so at no time is the Expert risking more than the 
output of a single analysis. The sum of all such delivered amounts are 
settled to the blockchain when the Offer Channel is closed.

Unlike Bounties, Offers do not incorporate an on-chain ground truth 
feedback mechanism. Instead, Offerees who either fail to render 
an Assertion before the deadline or render an inaccurate Assertion 



p. 22 Version 8.0

(as determined by later off-chain analyses) may not attract future 
engagements. Reputation maintenance therefore becomes akin to an off-
chain feedback loop that uses market pressure to keep Offerees honest.

When an Offer Channel is closed, a Fee is collected on the net NCT 
transfered. As with all Fees, this Fee is awarded to active market 
participants. The Fee is enforced by the master Offer Channel smart 
contract which refuses to establish non-conforming Offer Channels.

Reputation
In contrast with other token platforms (e .g ., Augur), PolySwarm does not 
attempt to formalize the notion of reputation and build it into market 
transactions.

The reason for this is simple: it is incredibly difficult to anticipate 
which data points various participants value - and how these data 
points are weighed. The best fit for Ambassador A may not be the 
best fit for Ambassador B and it would be futile to try to get them to 
both operate under the assumption that it was. Instead, PolySwarm 
mechanics simply mandate or incentivize disclosure of the kinds of data 
that likely represents useful input into a reputation function.

Reputation algorithms will likely be regarded as a trade secret in 
the same manner as Assertion to Verdict distillation algorithms. 
Ambassadors will differentiate themselves by engaging with optimal 
Experts for their Artifact workload. Experts will differentiate 
themselves by maintaining a favorable track record of corect Assertions 
when compared against ground truth. And, optionally, by providing 
metadata, for example, the malware family they believe a particular 
artifact belongs to.

The prototype Ambassador implementation to be developed will distill 
various data points into a simple reputation “score” and an easy-
to-understand color scheme. This reference distillation will likely be 
helpful to many, but may be replaced or modified as participants see 
fit. Experts will likely also want to implement a reputation system 
for evaluating Ambassadors, but the business logic of such a system 
are expected to be more complex and differ more substantially among 
participants.

The reference PolySwarm daemon will “decay” old data, maintaining 
a “sliding window” into participants’ reputation. We believe a 
sliding window approach is necessary to avoid lockout of new market 
participants.



p. 23 Version 8.0

We anticipate making use of the following data points in a reference 
Ambassador implementation:

1. Assertion accuracy (relative to ground truth and/or off-chain 
analyses).

2. Frequency and average response times for both Bounties and 
Offers. In the case of Offers, Ambassadors may choose to publish 
aggregate data that is normally only observable within an Offer 
Channel. Ambassadors may favor Experts who demonstrate rapid and 
consistent response times.

3. Ability to maintain confidentiality of Artifacts delivered under 
Offers. This is likely a hybrid on-market, off-market analysis.

Ambassadors may choose to review their competitors’ past Verdicts and 
attempt to uncover erors (e.g., Ambassador A stated that the sample 
was benign when in fact it was malicious). Experts may seek to avoid 
doing business with Ambassadors whose due diligence fails to hold up 
to such scrutiny in general or is more frequently incorect under specific 
circumstances (e.g. Ambassador A frequently miscategorizes Microsoft 
Word documents resulting in certain Experts avoiding analyzing Word 
documents on behalf of Ambassador A). In other words, among other 
inputs, Experts may be interested in Ambassadors’ Verdict accuracy.

Consumers will likely rely on aggregate Consumer Reports or AV 
Comparatives-style websites and publications that report on each 
Ambassador’s track record, perhaps with sample inputs with known 
malintent and verification that an Ambassador’s Verdicts always match 
what it represents back to its clients.

Worker Registry
Experts in the PolySwarm ecosystem will, in many cases, choose to encapsulate 
their expertise into automated Workers . Workers are systems that automatically 
respond to Bounties and Offers, perhaps with expertise for certain filetypes or 
network traffic . The PolySwarm marketplace will provide a distributed Worker 
Registry to ease discovery of Experts’ offerings .

 
We will develop a common interface and description language for 
publicly registering Workers. These components will interact with a 
PolySwarm Registry that is modeled after initial Ethereum dApp registry 
smart contracts. PolySwarm’s Worker Registry will contain descriptions 
that advertise particular skillsets (e.g., “I’m good with Mac OS 
Mach-O binaries” or “I handle Microsoft Word Documents”).



p. 24 Version 8.0

Artifact Confidentiality
Confidential disclosure of Artifacts is a first class feature in the PolySwarm 
marketplace via the Offer instrument . Nevertheless, without taking additional 
precautions, Ambassadors utilizing Offers must trust Security Experts’ 
motivations and technical ability to ward off attackers, possibly in perpetuity .

We expect this trust requirement to give rise to secondary markets 
and novel applications of technology with the goal of minimizing 
or consolidating trust. The following are several examples of 
instruments built on top of PolySwarm to further address confidentiality 
requirements.

Trust Minimization via Intel SGX

Intel SGX is a new technology initially shipped with the Skylake family 
of processors. At a high level, SGX provides opaque computation 
environments inside “enclaves”. Memory contents of SGX enclaves are 
unavailable to other software and users on the same system, irespective 
of permission level. In the context of PolySwarm, SGX enclaves would 
allow Experts to scan Artifacts without revealing the Artifacts to 
the Researcher and without revealing the Experts’ intelligence to 
anyone else. SGX therefore promises mutual trust reduction between 
Ambassadors and Experts.

Experts may choose to run accredited (and attested) SGX enclaves that 
ingest the Artifact and their intelligence and produce an Assertion 
that may be returned to the Ambassador. There are technical hurdles to 
overcome, but we are confident SGX can be integrated and scaled with 
enclaves bootstrapping one another in a distributed fashion. Future 
iterations of PolySwarm may allow Ambassadors to author future “SGX 
Bounty” statements into the PolySwarm market, revealing the Artifacts 
only to bootstrapped enclaves.

Trust Consolidation via Scan-as-a-Service (SaaS) Ambassadors

Experts may choose to outsource computation tasks to third parties for 
a number of reasons that may or may not be PolySwarm-specific. For 
example, we expect many Experts to make use of AWS, Google Compute 
Engine, Azure or other such on-demand computational services to scale 
their Assertion pipeline in response to PolySwarm market demand. This 
is not an intrinsically PolySwarm-motivated compute decision.



p. 25 Version 8.0

We expect PolySwarm-specific incentives for SaaS entities to arise 
naturally. In the context of confidentiality, participants will create 
SaaS companies that serve as trusted third parties sitting between 
Ambassadors and Experts and maintaining nondisclosure agreements 
with both. These SaaS companies would serve the same purpose as SGX 
enclaves - protecting Artifacts from Experts and intelligence details 
from Ambassadors.

Ambassadors may find it easier to trust third party SaaS entities with 
public reputation rather than a large number of individual Experts whose 
identity may not be known. Such Ambassadors will author more Offers 
targeted at SaaS entities rather than directly at Experts.

Additional Markets
The PolySwarm market will create demand for a number of 
additional markets . One such market (Scan-as-a-Service) 
was previously discussed in the context enabling additional 
confidentiality controls . Below are some additional expected 
markets .

Ambassadors

This is an obvious market and one heavily discussed throughout this 
document. Many Consumers will choose to do business with the market 
through an Ambassador, but working through an Ambassador is not a 
strict requirement.

Artifact Publishing Services

When placing a Bounty or Offer, the Ambassador must make their 
Artifact available to Experts. Artifact hosting entities will offer this 
service, making such sharing seamless. Their clients will be Consumers 
and Ambassadors. We expect many Ambassadors to also offer Artifact 
Publishing services.

Reputation Tracking Services

In the United States, three credit bureaus are trusted by banks to 
maintain a ledger of “facts” regarding individual trustworthiness. The 
PolySwarm market will present a similar demand; market participants 
will want to quantify the trustworthiness of other participants for 
a variety of reasons already discussed. It is likely that reputation 
services will arise that track trustworthiness of participants and offer 
this information to mitigate counterparty risk.



p. 26 Version 8.0

Roadmap
Here we present preliminary PolySwarm development milestones . Each 
milestone will: (1) offer new functionality and (2) provide documentation and 
tests that enable new Ambassador, Expert, and End User transactions .

PolySwarm is at a distinct developmental advantage relative to 
networks like Bitcoin and Ethereum that must retain all transactions 
in perpetuity. Once ground truth is determined or an Offer Channel is 
settled to the chain, Ambassadors and Experts have received what they 
need out of that transaction: intelligence regarding the Artifact and 
NCT, respectively. This atomicity provides leeway and allows us to make 
backwards-incompatible changes, up until the 1.0 release, without cost 
and consensus challenges experienced in other networks.

V0 .1 Alpha (30 April 2018)

PolySwarm Alpha will focus on delivering a prototype end-to-end 
workflow for Bounties after successful token sale. This initial release 
will allow the PolySwarm team to begin the bootstrapping process 
in earnest. Ambassadors and Experts will be able to transact via a 
PolySwarm test network (“testnet”). The basic Bounty smart contracts 
will be available on the PolySwarm testnet, allowing Ambassadors 
to place Bounties, Experts to render Assertions, and Ambassadors to 
render Verdicts.
• We anticipate that PolySwarm Alpha will accomplish the following:
• A “Bounty Manager” smart contract which holds Bounty Amounts and 

Fees, accepts Assertions, publishes Verdicts, and rewards accurate 
Experts

• Artifact posting and retrieval to / from off-PolySwarm storage 
(e.g. S3 and/or IPFS)

• Prototype algorithm for selecting Arbiters at Bounty expiration
• Reference implementations for Bounty publishing, Assertion response, 

and Arbiter ground truth determination

V0 .2 Beta (31 May 2018)

PolySwarm Beta will focus on delivering PolySwarm Offer support over 
Raiden-style Channels. Offers are designed to facilitate higher-
throughput Artifact evaluation relative to Bounties and as such demand 
more efficient blockchain settlement for each transaction. PolySwarm 



p. 27 Version 8.0

Beta will implement Offer smart contracts. We anticipate implementing 
this functionality as direct, peer to peer, Raiden-style Channels 
established between Ambassadors and Experts which utilize the testnet.
• We anticipate PolySwarm Beta will accomplish the following:
• Offer Channels

• Distributed Channel establishment
• multiple Offers via a single Channel
• NCT settlement at Channel Close

• Reference implementation for Offer production and response
• Reference implementation for Arbiter ground truth notification and 

response
• Fee collection and distribution smart contracts
• Research and quantify trust (in NCT) required for a specific Artifact 

volume
• Offer/Bounty development toolkit: a test and implementation 

framework for Experts and Ambassadors to automate servicing of 
Bounties and Offers

V0 .3 Gamma (31 July 2018)

PolySwarm Gamma will focus on providing matchmaking features that 
facilitate collaboration between Ambassadors, Experts, and Arbiters. 
Experts will be able to encapsulate their expertise into Workers tuned to 
specific types of Artifact. We expect them to be able to advertise these 
Workers in a PolySwarm Registry. This Worker Registry should allow 
Ambassadors to engage with Workers in a risk-free manner prior to the 
Stable release (Gamma will continue to utilize the PolySwarm testnet).

Additionally, this release will consider enhancing and extending the 
Bounty instrument in light of Alpha and Beta feedback and experience. 
As one example, we anticipate that Bounties will benefit from the 
ability to solicit Assertions that are kept confidential from other 
Experts and revealed only after the Assertion deadline.
• We anticipate PolySwarm Gamma will accomplish the following:
• Worker Description Language (WDL) describing artifact analysis 

capabilities and Expert authorship attribution (for reputation)
• Distributed, searchable, registry of Workers and their capabilities.
• Confidentiality for pre-deadline Bounty Assertions
• Finalize Arbiter selection, response, and end to end Bounty feedback 

loop

We anticipate that Gamma will be feature complete.



p. 28 Version 8.0

Polyswarm 1 .0 (Q4 2018)

PolySwarm Stable will focus on eliminating bugs in PolySwarm Gamma 
prior to migration from the PolySwarm testnet (test tokens) to the real 
PolySwarm market.

As a stretch goal and as time / funding allows, Stable may introduce 
first-class Artifact confidentiality via a limited-audience Bounty.

Polyswarm 2 .0 (Q2 2019)

PolySwarm’s second stable release curently has two main goals: 
expanding Offers and Bounties to handle a wider range of Artifact types 
(e.g. URLs and Network streams) and easing PolySwarm utilization for 
the Enterprise and Home User.

Artifact type expansion in future PolySwarm releases should make it 
possible to handle, for example, automated phishing attempt detection 
of end user URLs by placing Bounties and Offers directly on hosted 
content.

Extending PolySwarm’s protections directly to the endpoint will be 
a priority for post-Stable development. We anticipate developing an 
Open Source reference implementation of an Endpoint protection suite 
which automatically blocks malicious artifacts based on PolySwarm’s 
intelligence. We see this open agent framework as a key to widespread 
end user adoption.

Future Features

PolySwarm’s future releases will miror the evolving threat landscape 
and real-world usage of the network. We see several opportunities, 
contingent on observed PolySwarm usage, for the following features to 
benefit the network and the ultimate goal of end user protection:

• Flexible Artifact confidentiality

• Basic: Artifacts selectively disclosed to Experts or SaaS providers

• Advanced: Artifacts never revealed to anyone outside of SGX 
enclaves of fully homomorphic engines

• New Instruments (e.g. subscription-ready threat feeds)

• Deployment support for endpoint-resident Worker containers that 
supplant today’s endpoint protection suites.

 



p. 29 Version 8.0

Token Sale
Technical development, community engagement and participant outreach 
for the PolySwarm ecosystem will be conducted by Swarm Technologies with 
funding derived from the sale of PolySwarm's Nectar utility tokens (NCT) .

These tokens will be exchanged by participants for threat 
intelligence. NCT powers all the major PolySwarm interactions: 
Bounty placement, Offer channel establishment / teardown / 
exchange, assertion registration and ground truth determination. 
By selling utility-specific NCT tokens, exchange rates for NCT to 
threat intelligence should enjoy isolation from the volatility in 
the larger ETH market, ensuring active participation in PolySwarm 
without concern for fluctuations in ETH.

This section is intended to give a high level overview of PolySwarm’s 
tokenomics. Should any conflict between this document and the Token 
Sale Agreement (“Agreement”) arise, the Agreement shall take 
precedence. The Token Sale Agreement is available online.

Schedule

Swarm Technologies, Inc is curently operating a token PreSale for 
invited participants. The public NCT sale is scheduled to open to 
qualified buyers on February 20, 2018 at 19:00 UTC. It is scheduled to 
close March 22, 2018 at 19:00 UTC.

Purchase Requirements

NCT will be made available exclusively for purchase with Ether (ETH). 
Potential buyers are advised to secure sufficient ETH in advance of the 
sale.

The token sale will employ Know Your Customer (KYC) controls with 
a unique technical mechanism to tie specific purchases to KYC data 
points including, but not limited to: Country of Origin, email address, 
full name, IP address and acceptance of the terms in the Token Sale 
Agreement.

https://polyswarm.io/polyswarm-token-sale-terms.pdf


p. 30 Version 8.0

Caps / Limits

No new tokens will be created after the close of the token sale period.

The total number of NCT tokens will be determined during the token sale.

The maximum number of tokens is capped. This cap is based on the 
maximum funding USD cap, the price of NCT (in ETH) and the curent ETH 
to USD exchange rate. Refer to the token sale web page for specifics on 
NCT caps, price, funding tranches and more.

Allocation

70% of NCT tokens will be sold during the Token Sale.

15% of the remaining 30% will be distributed to enterprises, vendors 
and Security Experts interested in helping bootstrap the PolySwarm 
ecosystem. Recipients will be chosen at Swarm Technologies’ sole 
discretion.

The final 15% of tokens will be used by Swarm Technologies in a manner 
that best accelerates adoption of the PolySwarm ecosystem. As an 
illustrative example, tokens may be offered as incentive to participate 
in PolySwarm “hackathons”. This allocation will be at Swarm 
Technologies’ sole discretion.



p. 31 Version 8.0

Distribution

We envision that ETH derived from the sale of PolySwarm's Nectar utility 
tokens (“NCT”) will be allocated in the following manner:

54.51% - Protocol and Software Development
3.00% - Office Expenses
4.06% - Operational Overhead (travel, hosting, etc)
14.49% - Legal
13.62% - Marketing
10.32% - Tax

The PolySwarm team expects Legal spending to decrease in FY19/20. 
The surplus will be redistributed into Marketing, Overhead and Developer 
Salaries.

Our 10.32% estimated Tax is low, but not unreasonable. Swarm 
Technologies is domiciled in Puerto Rico and has filed for the ACT 
20 tax incentive. This is good for participants: more funding will be 
allocated directly to the development and promotion of PolySwarm.



p. 32 Version 8.0

Disclaimer
This whitepaper is intended to provide technical background 
to would-be token purchasers . The PolySwarm token sale will 
fund initial prototype development and testing of the economic 
instruments presented here . We expect, as would any prudent 
participant, that the details presented in this document may 
change during pre-Stable development and testing periods . 
Swarm Technologies' and token purchasers’ interests are aligned 
to make PolySwarm a viable marketplace that truly disrupts the 
threat intelligence industry .

Conclusion
PolySwarm is a novel market and associated ERC20 token, 
NCT, that is posed to disrupt the threat intelligence industry by 
facilitating new methods of  interaction between security experts, 
vendors and enterprises . The PolySwarm team will be conducting 
a token launch to fund software development and to cultivate a 
community around this new marketplace .

We hope you’ll join us in protecting users from All Angles™ .



p. 33 Version 8.0
polyswarm.io 2017 © Swarm Technologies, Inc.

http://polyswarm.io

	PolySwarm in 60 Seconds
	Background
	Reinventing the Threat Intelligence Market
	The Participants
	Prediction Markets, Arbiters & Mediated Consensus
	Determining Ground Truth
	The Instruments
	Rewarding Accuracy
	Fees
	Protocol Details
	Bounty Lifecycle
	Offer Lifecycle
	Reputation
	Worker Registry
	Artifact Confidentiality
	Additional Markets
	Roadmap
	
Token Sale
	Disclaimer

