












































 1 

Primas 
Next Generation Ecosystem for Valuable Content 

 

 

 

 

White Paper 

(version1.3.1) 



 2 

Abstract 

 

Primas is an open ecosystem for the publishing, recommendation and 

transaction of content. This white paper describes how Primas enables the 

production, selection and consumption of content, making use of the 

blockchain technology, social recommendation and token incentives. 

The Primas team is committed to using blockchain and other technologies to 

restructure the content market, so as to solve the problem in which quality 

content are hardly recognized, disseminated and paid for. Decentralized 

content sourcing and recommendation mechanism brings quality content to 

users. A brand-new content evaluation system ensures direct benefits to the 

producers of quality content. Tamper-proof property of the blockchain provides 

copyright protection for original writers. And decentralized data management 

offers better protection for user’s privacy. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 3 

Table of Contents 
Next Generation Ecosystem for Valuable Content .............................................................................. 1 

Abstract ................................................................................................................................................................. 2 

Preface ................................................................................................................................................................... 4 

Primas Team ....................................................................................................................................................... 5 

Problems in Internet Content Ecosystem ............................................................................................... 6 

1. Credibility Problem Due to Information Overload ................................................................ 6 

2. Rampant Plagiarism and Piracy .................................................................................................... 7 

3. Poor Content Quality Due to Attention Economy.................................................................. 8 

4. Manipulation of Content Display by Centralized Platform ................................................ 9 

5. Privacy Problem and Data Abuse ............................................................................................... 10 

System Design .................................................................................................................................................. 12 

Overall Architecture of the System ................................................................................................. 12 

DTCP and Primas DNA ....................................................................................................................... 13 

User Identity and Credit Rating ....................................................................................................... 16 

Group Economy ...................................................................................................................................... 17 

Content Quality Evaluation ............................................................................................................... 18 

Decentralized Crawler .......................................................................................................................... 20 

Decentralized Storage .......................................................................................................................... 22 

Primas Token (PST) ....................................................................................................................................... 24 

Use of PST ................................................................................................................................................. 25 

PST Issuance ............................................................................................................................................ 26 

Distribution of Additional PSTs ....................................................................................................... 27 

Primas Community Governance ............................................................................................................... 29 

Establishment of Primas Management Body ............................................................................. 29 

Governance Structure of Primas Community ............................................................................ 29 

Primas Financial Management ........................................................................................................ 34 

Primas Auditing ...................................................................................................................................... 34 

Development Roadmap ................................................................................................................................ 35 

ICO Plan .............................................................................................................................................................. 37 

Disclaimer .......................................................................................................................................................... 39 

Risk Warning .................................................................................................................................................... 41 

Evolution Record of This Paper ................................................................................................................ 46 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 4 

Preface 

 

Over the past decade, the Internet has achieved rapid development thanks to 

the model of traffic economy. In this model, traffic is mainly cashed through 

advertisements, and the inflow of advertisement expenses has allowed the 

public to access information and services at very low or even no cost at all. 

Today, along with our rapid transition from an age of information scarcity to an 

age of information overload, problems brought by traffic economy also 

becoming apparent. Due to information overload, public attention has become 

a new kind of scare resource. In the competition for such resource, large amount 

of low quality content are created and shown all over our screen to catch our 

attention, and tampering and plagiarizing have been squeezing out producers 

of quality content. The content ecosystem of the Internet is being severely 

endangered. 

How to bring quality content to the public? Who shall we trust on the Internet? 

Before the advent of blockchain technology, no centralized entity could offer a 

practical solution to these challenges. 

By utilizing DTCP, or the Decentralized Trusted Content Protocol, giving every 

digital work a Primas DNA, a digital identity registered on the Blockchain 

network, Primas constructs an evaluation system for credible content, and 

bring high quality content to readers through content sourcing, content 

reviewing free from manipulated traffic and community incentives. At the same 

time, digital contents will be turned into tradeable digital assets to bring due 

benefits to their producers. 

 



 5 

Primas Team 

 

Primas is created by the core team of Yuanben (Chinese word for “original”), a 

leading copyright service platform based on blockchain. Committed to applying 

blockchain technology to digital copyright in the past year, Yuanben has gained 

profound industrial recognition for its accumulation of blockchain technology 

and relevant commercialization. It is also the first blockchain product in China 

that has been commercialized in the field of copyright. In 2016, Yuanben 

received investment from Wanxiang Blockchain and Fenbushi Capital. 

Over the course of Yuanben’s development, we realized that the power of a 

single team alone is not enough to drive changes across the whole industry. We 

hope to create a fully independent open-source platform to benefit the content 

industry as a whole. 

Besides its in-depth research on blockchain technology, the core team has also 

accumulated years of experience in the development and operation of mobile 

browser, one of the most important functions of which is content aggregation 

and intelligent recommendation. Therefore, Primas team also has in-depth 

knowledge on media, big data and recommendation algorithms. 

Product level application has long remained the biggest challenge in the 

blockchain industry. Years of industrial and product experience of Primas team 

will provide important guarantee for successful project operation. 

 

 

 

 



 6 

Problems in Internet Content 

Ecosystem 

 

We have listed problems with big impact on the Internet content sector, the 

kind of which will receive prior attention from Primas. 

 

1. Credibility Problem Due to Information Overload 

New media enabled by the Internet has improved the efficiency of information 

diffusion, to the extent that the once rare and expensive information has 

become available in large amount free of any charge. The ability to filter needed 

content out of the massive amount of information is now a new kind of scare 

resource. 

Searching, recommendation and subscription are the most common tools for 

content acquisition. Whatever their forms, they all address the “searchability” 

problem of information, so that disordered information is arranged in order 

and become easier to retrieve and find. Though these tools make information 

easier to access, they fail to deal with the credibility problem. Most information 

on the Internet only consists of a URL and the information itself. The same 

information may be intentionally or unintentionally distorted after several 

transfers, and some distortions may even lead us to a judgment that is the 

opposite of what is intended by the original information. 

In real life, faced with several pieces of information with similar content, we 

find it baffling to distinguish between original information that is credible and 

tampered information that is falsified. 



 7 

 

Solution: DTCP and Primas DNA 

Primas adds a new layer, protocol and infrastructure named Decentralized 

Trusted Content Protocol to the Internet to create immutable, traceable 

metadata to any content. For every content registered with DTCP, Primas 

generates a globally unique digital fingerprint (Primas DNA), which contains 

metadatai such as author name, publishing time and content fingerprint. When 

we read a piece of information, we will know for sure the author’s credit, the 

accurate publication time of the original, and the modifications made after 

creation. This additional metadata will enhance the value of the information 

itself and may even influence our judgment on its quality. 

 

2. Rampant Plagiarism and Piracy 

Digital content is so easy to copy that it’s difficult to protect the rights and 

interests of its owner. Driven by interests, plagiarism and piracy have been 

persistently haunting the digital content industry and greatly obstructing the 

healthy development of the industrial ecosystem. The first cause for such 

rampancy is the difficulty in tracing content origin. Once published online, 

digital content tends to be quickly spread, and it will be difficult for those 

reprinting the content to find its author and source. The second cause is the lack 

of a mechanism for automatic authorization. Even if the reprinting party 

manages to find the original author, without a standard authorization process, 

the cost of communication will be too high for large-scale authorization. The 

third cause is the difficulty in presenting evidence to prove an infringement. 

Many infringements are hard to detect, the cost of evidence collection is very 

high, infringements have thus grown more rampant. 



 8 

 

Solution: Primas DNA, Smart Contract, and Blockchain-based 

Proof of Existence 

Primas DNA ensures that the origin of content can be traced despite partial 

tampering. Smart contract can achieve automatic authorization without human 

intervention. Proof of existence based on blockchain can greatly reduce the cost 

of evidence collection. 

 

3. Poor Content Quality Due to Attention Economy 

The concept of “free” has long been a common sense on the Internet. After a 

huge number of users have been attracted using free products and services, 

advertisements will then be introduced to gain revenue. Advertisement 

represents the most lasting and mature business model on the Internet and 

cashing content through advertisement is now the dominant method for value 

realization. Advertisement is a typical result of attention economy which can 

generate revenue as long as traffic is attracted. Propelled by interests, many 

content producers have emerged on the Internet. Working in a pipeline, they 

try to catch attention with fake titles and indecent content, steal and use other 

people’s articles to gain traffic and profits. In the year of 2016 alone, reported 

Wechat Media infringements totaled a shocking number of 3.5 million. These 

bad behaviors, which have been driving out good ones, have seriously squeezed 

the living space for producers of quality content and wreaked great havoc on 

the society. 

 

Solution: Primas Content Evaluation System and Incentive 

Mechanism 



 9 

Primas establishes a content evaluation system free of traffic manipulation to 

measure content quality, and improves content quality across the whole 

community by giving Primas Token reward to producers of quality content. 

 

4. Manipulation of Content Display by Centralized 

Platform 

As mentioned above, today there are two mainstream means for obtaining 

content: searching and recommendation. 

Searching is the most direct way of obtaining information. Just input what you 

want and you can quickly get the results from the search engine. Yet problems 

also exist with search engines. Usually users only give attention to results shown 

first and other information sources are thus seriously marginalized. Also, out of 

commercial considerations, search engines are increasingly manipulating the 

search results. On June 27, the European Union imposed a 2.44 billion Euro 

antitrust fine on Google, which was accused of abusing its searching advantage 

to recommend its own services in search results while downplay its 

competitors. 

Recommendation came into existence along with the progress of human 

society. The modern content recommendation engine can collect and analyze 

user’s personal preferences, predict their preferred content, and proactively 

recommend it to them. This kind of engine, while greatly reducing the threshold 

for information access, also brings worse problems. Using algorithms, it 

recommends content that “we like” and screen away content “we dislike”. This 

way the information we see tend to be narrowed to a smaller scope, trapping us 

in a small “information bubble”. 



 10 

Whether it is “searching” or “recommendation”, centralized entities select and 

screen information using machine algorithm. On the one hand, intentional 

human intervention is hardly avoidable in centralized entities. On the other 

hand, large-scale application of machine algorithm will unavoidably aggravate 

the Matthew Effect by which “the rich get richer”, leading content display to 

follow power law distribution at an even faster rate. 

 

Figure 1. Power Law Distribution, by which 20% percent of the content are dominating 

 

Solution: User Self-governance 

On Primas platform, users can choose groups that interest them, which will all 

be under their own governance free of any control by centralized algorithm. All 

other algorithms related to content display are open-sourced and transparent, 

and users can also join the optimization of these algorithms. 

 

5. Privacy Problem and Data Abuse 

When we use search engines and content applications, large amount of our 

usage data are being collected by background programs. For example, user’s 

characteristics can be recorded using account registration information and data 

on reading history. Mostly it is not the content producers that benefit from 

these data, but the centralized platforms. With these data, user’s identity and 



 11 

online habits can be easily checked, and may even be stolen by platform staff 

and sold on the black market. 

 

Solution: Full Protection for Data Privacy Using Blockchain 

Technology 

In Primas network, information that must be disclosed will be available in a 

public and transparent manner, and will be recorded on Blockchain, e.g. 

information on author’s name and transaction, etc. Information on user’s 

browsing history and privacy will not be recorded and uploaded. 

 

 

 



 12 

System Design 

Overall Architecture of the System 

 

Figure 2. Primas System Overall Architecture 

 

Primas is built on top of the Ethereum. The key logics are implemented using 

smart contract. Core data is written into blockchain, and the content data is 

stored on IPFS. 

At the upper layer of Blockchain is Primas Node which operates the 

decentralized crawlers, calls external services and runs complex computation. 

Primas Node is directly connected to Blockchain and calls smart contract to 

complete key operations and to write and validate data. For example, it can 



 13 

connect with Yuanben’s services to achieve accurate proof of existence, collect 

electronic evidence and ensure its legal validity. Primas Node also offers Restful 

API for all clients and speeds up client access with functions like distributed 

data caching and indexing. 

At the upper layer of Primas Node are clients directly used by users, including 

Primas mobile application for Android and iOS, browser extension, etc. In 

addition to using Primas clients, any entity or individual (third party 

applications, Wechat Public Accounts, websites, enterprise systems, etc.) can 

connect with Primas Node to join the Primas ecosystem. 

 

DTCP and Primas DNA 

Trust is a missing critical component to the existing content ecosystem. Primas 

tries to build a new layer on top of the Internet to solve this problem. This layer 

contains blockchain based infrastructure and a new protocol named 

Decentralized Trusted Content Protocol, or DTCP. The aim of DTCP is to 

become the standard of content metadata that utilized by the whole content 

industry. By adding immutable metadata to content using blockchain, DTCP 

provides another dimension of information to the content, helping us 

understand it in a whole new perspective. 

DTCP metadata contains properties such as the publishing time, author’s 

details and original content hash that makes the content more authentic. 

There’re also properties make it easier to spread such as the authorization 

license, similarity fingerprint. Usability properties such as the category of the 

content is also recorded in DTCP since they are important in content usage and 

easy to be lost during content spreading. 

For every original article published with DTCP, a “Primas DNA” will be 

generated as its unique ID. Together with the content, Primas DNA will be 



 14 

spread across the whole network as a guarantee for content credibility. Any 

readers can conveniently verify the consistency between the content and its 

DNA to make sure that what is being read is an original free of any tampering. 

 

Figure 1. Primas DNA 

 

Primas DNA is a proof for author’s originality. It can work with an author’s 

secret key to prove his/her content ownership, and can work with block data to 

prove that an article was published earlier than unauthorized reproduction. 

Together they can prove the originality of the content because of the 

immutability of these data. 

Primas DNA is a decentralized interface for content sourcing. Despite 

numerous reproductions to any places, readers can still use this DNA to track 

the complete reproduction path, see authorization license of the original 

content, and obtain new authorizations. 

Even if DNA is lost in the process of spreading (e.g. intentionally deleted), the 



 15 

original content can still be found on the blockchain based on content fragment. 

Primas browser extensions and mobile clients can help users solve this problem 

quickly. When a browser with such extension is used to view content, or when 

Primas mobile clients are used to read shared content, all the origin-tracing 

information will be shown immediately as long as the content has been 

registered on Blockchain, regardless of the presence or absence of DNA. 

Primas will also provide various SDKs and APIs so that any third-party websites, 

platforms and mobile clients in the ecosystem can quickly acquire the functions 

to generate DNA, protect content and trace its origin. Primas is committed to 

adding DTCP to all quality content on the Internet and solving the problem at 

its source, so as to address credibility challenges for Internet content due to the 

absence of ID information. 

 



 16 

 

Figure 4. Origin Tracing in an Open Ecosystem Using DNA  

User Identity and Credit Rating 

Every user has a unique identity in Primas network. This unique identity 

ensures the construction of a credit system which is an indispensable step for 

protection of original content. It is also very helpful in building quality content 

community, reducing the spread of fake information and curbing irresponsible 

remarks. 

Primas aims to construct an open ecosystem for valuable content that covers 

not only end users such as original authors and readers, but also media entities, 

enterprises and other media platforms. Primas supports account namespace 

which properly addresses identity issue for authors from other media 

platforms. 



 17 

For every account, Primas will calculate its credit rating, which will be decided 

by a combination of factors such as number and quality of published content, 

and number of PSTs in it. Credit rating will also be part of the indicators used 

for evaluating an author’s published content. 

One of the applications for credit rating is to handle content infringement. 

Primas arranges a mechanism for reporting infringement, and the reports will 

be processed by several verification nodes elected by the community. If 

infringement is confirmed by the verification nodes, certain number of locked 

PSTs will be deducted from the infringer’s account as punishment. On top of 

this, adjustment will be made to the infringer’s credit rating to affect content 

publishing and benefits acquisition in the future. 

 

Group Economy 

Due to complex dimensions involved, there are still many difficulties in 

quantifying the concept of content quality and defining the quality evaluation 

method. In practice, social recommendation is a method that is more efficient 

than recommendation based on algorithms. Aside from introducing multi-

dimensional metadata to improve information quality, Primas will establish 

social groups to gather those with shared interests, shared values and shared 

expectations, to further evaluate information credibility inside the system. 

On Primas mobile clients, social group is the main organizational structure for 

information. After content is published inside a group, whether it is original or 

introduced from external sources, it will be evaluated by group members in its 

further dissemination. The quality of a group is decided by content contributed 

by all its members, and the rating of a group will also influence quality 

evaluation of content in the group. To avoid quality deterioration, all users must 

have a small PST reservation before joining a group. The minimum requirement 



 18 

for PST reservation will be decided upon establishment of the group, or will be 

decided by voting among group members. 

Social group is also a self-governing organization, in which all members enjoy 

a share of the group interests. The group receives PST reward from the system 

for its development and improved quality, which will be distributed among its 

members based on their per capita contributions. Any destructive or disruptive 

behaviors may face unanimous resistance from all group members or even be 

subject to expulsion from the group. 

Traditional social groups can be very weak, as they are often easily used by some 

individuals to spread fake information. The trust mechanism of Blockchain can 

remedy this defect to prevent malicious information attack on the group. 

Primas also applies the economic concept of incentives in social groups to 

enhance their potential for self-improvement. 

 
Figure 5. Content group governed by its own members 

 

 

Content Quality Evaluation 

Primas designs a completely new open system for content evaluation. Under 



 19 

this system, evaluation of an article is not just the click-based computation, but 

one that comprehensively measures factors such as social recommendation, 

content dissemination and author’s credit to make intensive and extensive 

value assessment. 

Based on reader behavior intensity, interaction between readers and content 

can be ranked in ascending order as click, like, review, reposting and 

reproduction. The higher the intensity of reader behavior, the bigger its 

contribution to content evaluation. Reposting is a better demonstration of 

content value than several likes, and so is reproduction compared to reposting. 

To accurately assess content quality, all the factors must be comprehensively 

measured. Primas evaluation system adopts interactive indicators of like, 

review, reposting and reprinting: 

Vc
t  =  ∑ ∑ αiHPjΓj

ci
t

j=1

3

i=1

+  β ∑ HPjΓjSj

dt

j=1

 

In this formula, Vc
t is the value of content c at the time of t; α1, α2, α3 and β 

respectively represent the weight of like, review, reposting and reprinting; ci
t 

is the number of the i type interactive operation at a given time window of t; 

and Γj
t is the user’s credit rating at the j th interactive operation. Similar to the 

Voting Power idea of Steemiii, HPj is the value of user’s power during interactive 

operation. 

HPj =  PSTj {
Cj

1 + eθ−Cj
+ θ} ⁄  

In this formula, PSTj is the balance of unlocked PST in user’s account at the j 

th interactive operation; Cj  is the total number of user’s interactive operations 

within a given time window at the time of the j th interactive operation; and θ 

is a threshold. In case of frequent interactive operations within a certain period, 

HP will keep decreasing and consequently the influence of this user’s operation 

on content evaluation will also keep diminishing. After such frequent operation 

stops, HP will recover over time. For reproduction, additional consideration 



 20 

needs to be given to quality factor Si of the reproduction activity: 

Si =  
si

∑ sjj
 

si =  ∑ [
1

Ci
∑ VCi

Ci

]

Ca

i=1

⋅ CaCp
2 

Si is got after normalizing quality value si of the reprinting activity, while si 

is got after calculation of content value, author number and total crawler 

number involved in all the reprinting activities. In this formula, Ca is the total 

number of authors while Cp is the total number of crawlers. At the same time, 

si  is used to prevent cheating by an individual author or individual crawler 

which may dishonestly gain reward through automatic reprinting. Since the 

definition of si  includes the content value of Vc
t , the calculation of si  is a 

process of iteration. For a new reprinting activity, its value is initially set at a 

small fixed number. As more reprinting take place on its basis, the quality value 

will be updated continuously and will finally influence the evaluation of a new 

content. 

Indicators of likes, reviews and shares are measured in Primas mobile 

application. Content reproduction have been difficult to measure as they all 

take place outside the system. Primas has innovatively designed the 

decentralized crawler system which is capable of measuring the extent of 

content diffusion across the whole network and the importance of media 

involved. By introducing the indicator of reproduction, Primas will make more 

comprehensive and more objective assessment of content quality. 

Decentralized Crawler 

Primas has implemented the first decentralized crawler system on Blockchain. 

Distinct from their traditional counterparts, the crawler system of Primas is 

used to track all the reproductions of an article across the whole network. 



 21 

Together with Primas DNA, it can provide unprecedented copyright protection 

for community original authors. At the same time, it offers content origin 

traceability, content reliability and certain content authentication to readers. 

To help original authors track the spread of their articles on the Internet, 

Yuanben has designed the Hawkeye whole-network reproduction monitor 

system. Using crawler system and Natural Language Processing (NLP) 

technology, we can identify reproduction of content originally published on 

Blockchain across the whole network (including but not limited to Twitter, 

WeChat Public Account, personal blogs, etc). Regardless of any amendments, 

additions, deletions or paragraph rearrangements to the content, Hawkeye can 

still find the edited and reposted articles by comparing text similarities. 

Hawkeye is one of the best received core functions of Yuanben. 

To bring benefits to more users, we will use Hawkeye as the basis for Primas 

decentralized crawler system. Combined with community incentives, Hawkeye 

will have a greatly boosted capacity, promoting content traceability and 

copyright protection to a new level unseen before. 

It needs to be pointed out that decentralized crawler is just an automatic tool 

for tracking reproduction. For Primas, the core lies in the verification and 

recording of reproduction. In addition to decentralized crawler, several other 

methods can also be used to report reproduction. For example, Primas has 

designed a browser extension, which, among its core functions, can help 

readers trace content origin in an open environment (e.g. when a user reads an 

article, the extension can give an alert using data recorded on Blockchain that 

the article has been tampered). This function is also capable of marking 

reproduction. If a user reads a reproduced article which is not marked as so on 

blockchain, this article will be automatically submitted to blockchain for 

verification and marking. This way all the browsers with this extension are 

turned to nodes capable of tracking reproduction. 



 22 

Also, a task scheduling system is embedded into the decentralized crawler to 

minimize waste of resources caused by crawlers competing for tasks. Though 

this task scheduling system can greatly reduce waste of resources, due to the 

nature of decentralized system, some of the wastes are unavoidable. 

 

 

Figure 6. Decentralized Crawler System tracking the spread of content  

across the whole network 

 

Decentralized Storage 

Primas uses IPFS to store content data, including texts and images, etc. This 

separation of content data from blockchain can effectively save blockchain 

resources and boost blockchain processing capacity. 

 



 23 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 24 

Primas Token (PST) 

 

One of the circles for value flow in Primas is community incentive. In our design, 

PST is an inflationary system, in which certain proportion of additional PSTs 

will be issued annually. The inflation rate will decrease every year until zero. All 

these additional PSTs will be included into an incentive pool to be used for 

rewarding quality content, quality groups, quality recommendations and 

marking of reproduction. Driven by such incentives, participants, quality 

content and community quality will increase and the unit price of PST will also 

rise to benefit its holders. This is a positive cycle that will in the long run 

enhance the healthy progress of the community and PST holders. 

In Primas system, there is no direct depletion of Tokens. however, upon some 

operations (e.g. account registration, content production) that bring incentives, 

some Tokens will be locked to restrict the number of allowed operations within 

a period of time. Some of the locking will be permanent while most of them will 

be cancelled after some time. With the expansion of Primas community, the 

total number of Tokens locked within a given system time will keep rising. On 

the whole, as the community develops, the amount of circulating Tokens inside 

the system will keep diminishing. 

Another circle for value flow in Primas is the payment required for transactions, 

such as paid reprinting, the like function or other payment requirements to be 

introduced in the future. For all the payment requirements, PST is need. Better 

content will create more payment requirements and consequently PSTs will be 

running short and gaining more value. Also, if more frequent operations are 

needed (e.g. large media planning to simultaneously publish more content, 

readers intending to join more groups), more PSTs need to be purchased. 

 



 25 

Use of PST 

Account Registration 

To obtain the right to publish content, some number of PSTs in an author’s 

account must be locked. Such locking is permanent and linked with the credit 

system of the account. If plagiarism is reported and confirmed, some PSTs will 

be deducted by the system as a punishment. Authors may unlock this portion 

of PSTs at any time, but upon the unlocking, the right to publish content and 

acquire benefits will be lost immediately. 

Authors must also ensure that PST balance in their account is above the 

minimum requirement, so that payment can be made for IPFS storage and 

other charges. 

 

Content Creation 

For the creation of every article, some PSTs must be locked, which will be 

released 7 days later. This will to some extent reduce the amount of low-quality 

content in the community. Individual authors can only publish a limited 

number of articles within a certain period of time. If large media entities and 

enterprises need to publish more articles, they can deposit additional PSTs into 

their account to realize the operation. 

 

Founding and Joining Content Groups 

To found or join a group, some PSTs will be locked, which will be released only 

after the user disbands or leaves the group. If a user wants to create or join more 

groups, more PSTs need to be purchased and put into his/her account. The 

number of PSTs to be locked for joining a group will be decided by the founder 

during the founding process. To achieve self-governing of a group, its members 

can initiate a voting to expel a certain individual, whose PSTs locked for the 

group will be transferred into the incentive pool and distributed to users with 



 26 

contribution to the whole community. 

 

Like, Review and Reposting of Content 

Primas will generate a HP value for every account based on their respective PST 

amount. Interaction with content will cost HP value, which will be recovered 

over time. There is no restriction on interaction between user and content. Even 

if HP is down to zero, users can still review or repost the content. However, HP 

value will influence the contribution of a user’s operation to content value. The 

lower the HP value, the smaller the operation’s contribution to content value, 

and the less the reward going to the user. 

 

Content Reproduction 

If an author requires payment for reprinting his/her original content, in 

addition to the cost of HP, an amount of PSTs equivalent to the required price 

shall also be paid to obtain reprinting authorization. Such payment will be given 

to content producer and others who have made contribution to the content, 

such as reviewers and crawler operators. Also, if other users trace the content 

to Primas through reproduction and also pay for reproduction, a reproduction  

chain will be formed. Users on the upper end of this chain will receive a certain 

proportion of PSTs paid by lower end users as channel fee. 

 

PST Issuance 

Initially the system will generate 100 million PSTs, of which 51 million will go 

to the community during ICO stage. The specific distribution and use of other 

Token are shown in detail in the ICO Plan part of this paper. 

To expand the community, reward the production of quality content, and drive 

the long-term healthy development of the community, PST will experience a 10 



 27 

percent additional Token issuance at the first year. Starting from the second 

year, additional issuance will decrease by 0.5 percent annually. All the added 

PSTs will be used as reward for content quality, crawler contribution and 

content recommendation, etc. 

 

Distribution of Additional PSTs 

Of the additional PSTs, 40 percent will go to content producers at an amount 

proportional to the value contribution of their single article, so as to encourage 

the publishing of quality content. 

The benefits a content producer receives for an article consist of not only system 

reward, but also payment for the content (e.g. paid reprinting). Out of all the 

benefits (including content payment and system reward) the producer receives 

for an article, 10 percent will be given to those with contributions to this article, 

such as those who reprinted, reposted, recommended or reviewed it as well as 

the contributing crawler operators. Such distribution will bring benefits to 

every link of the content value chain. 

Another 40 percent of the additional PSTs will be used to reward groups with 

quality content. The groups will be ranked by their per capita value contribution 

in a time unit, and these PSTs will be distributed to the groups accordingly. 

Inside the group, the PSTs will be given to members based on their respective 

contributions. 

The remaining 20 percent of additional PSTs will be used as reward for Primas 

Node operators. The assessment of Primas Node contribution covers two 

aspects. The first aspect measures the contribution of crawler operation. The 

PSTs will be distributed to crawler operators proportionally to the ranking of 

their contribution in a time unit. This contribution assessment fully considers 

two factors: reprinting number and reprinting quality, so as to prevent crawlers 



 28 

from cheating with massive auto-reprinting. The other aspect measures the 

foundational support services of Primas Node for the system, including the 

provision of client connection and verification of reprinting, etc. Primas is 

operating on Ethereum and the execution of Ethereum contract costs Gas. All 

the costs of Gas in Primas are paid by Primas Node to ensure convenient 

operation by client users. 

Primas makes separate arrangement on reward for crawler operation to ensure 

the availability of the whole community to original producers with medium or 

small influence. If the reprinting rewards come solely from the returns of an 

article itself, crawler operators will tend to focus on seeking reprinting for 

content by famous producers, which has a bigger possibility of generating high 

returns. This way the content of long tail producers will be ignored, in spite of 

the high value of a single article written by them. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 29 

Primas Community Governance 

 

Establishment of Primas Management Body 

Primas community will be managed by Primas Lab Foundation Ltd. established 

in Singapore, which as its legal entity will have full authority over the 

development, promotion and operation of Primas and take all related 

responsibilities. To ensure openness and transparency of Primas project, 

Primas sets up a top decision-making body - the Decision-making Committee - 

to conduct management. Under this committee are Product Committee, 

Technology Committee, Financial and HR Management Committee, and 

Marketing and Public Relations Committee. The management body will consist 

of developers and functional committees. Term for members of the Decision-

making Committee is two years and the first committee members will include 

members of Primas core team, well-known personnel of the Blockchain 

industry and early-stage investors. Future members of this committee will be 

chosen by community election. 

 

Governance Structure of Primas Community 

The governance structure of Primas community provides operation procedures 

and rules for both routine work and emergency situation. 



 30 

Details of organizational structure are shown in this chart: 

 

Figure 7. Governance Structure of Primas Community 

 

Decision-making Committee: 

Functions of the Decision-making Committee include employing and 

dismissing executive chief and chiefs of the functional committees, making 

important decisions, and convening emergency meetings. Members of this 

committee serve a term of two years. 

The first members of the decision-making committee have profound industrial 

experience in both Blockchain sector and business sector. Below are some brief 

introductions: 

 

Name Introduction 



 31 

Shen Bo Founder of Fenbushi Capital, committed to investing in 

Blockchain startups. 
 

Gong 

Ming 

Nicknamed online as Bao zou gong qin wang (暴走恭亲王), 

foundaer of CHAINB and ICOAGE, early promoter of Blockchain 

community, producer of large amount of articles and information 

on Blockchain, committed to promoting the advancement of 

Blockchain technology and distributed ledger technology.  
 

Matt Li  

Matt has been worked in a variety of roles from consultant to COO, 

within startups to large corporations, such as Accenture, MRI, and 

Flashdeal Holdings. His 15 years experience covers a wide range of 

activities from including system design, application consultant, 

project management as well as company operation. He is always 

placed a large value on innovation and new technologies adoption. 

He has Master degree of Information systems from Nanyang 

Technological University. Member of Singapore Computer Society 

and Certification in IT Project Management (CITPM). 

Shaofei 

Chen 

Shaofei Chen is a Subject Matter Expert in Geospatial big data 

integration and modeling. In 2011, he joined Tango Analytics based 

in Texas and first introduced mobile data analytics to commercial 

real estate industry. He is responsible for global geospatial data 

sourcing and analytics. He co-founded GeoHey, a SaaS based 

Geospatial big data company. GeoHey involved in many news 

distribution projects, partners include DT and Caixin.  He did his 

PhD trainings in Geospatial Sciences at University of Texas at 

Dallas.  

 

 YUEN DON 

RI  

16+ years of experience in Consulting, Strategy & Program 

Management, Business Planning & Operation, Consumer & 

Commercial Brand & Product Marketing (Online/ Offline), 

Manufacturing & Sales at leading MNC  



 32 

Yu Wenbo  

Doctor Yu Wenbo is the executive director of Fenbushi 

Capital, and used to serve as chief scientist of Wanxiang 

Blockchain Labs. 

Chen 

Yanfeng 

CEO of Xingyun Digital Asset Trust Co.Ltd., with working 

experience in the artificial intelligence enterprise 

CloudMinds, whose lead investors include America’s National 

Instruments and SoftBank. 

Wu Peng 

Expert on Internet and Blockchain product, with profound 

experience in product management & operation and in-depth 

research on Internet media and traffic. 

Gan Lu 

Expert on Blockchain technology and serial entrepreneur, 

with in-depth research on cryptography, big data and 

artificial intelligence. 

 

At the end of their term, community voting will be held to choose 50 community 

representatives based on calculated weighting of PST amount and coinage, and 

another voting will follow to produce 7 core members of the Decision-making 

Committee. These elected core members will make important or emergency 

decisions on behalf of Primas community. During their term, they will need to 

accept credit investigation and publicize their salary status. 

 

Executive Chief: 

Executive chief is chosen by the Decision-making Committee through election 

and is responsible for daily operation and management of Primas community, 

mission coordination for subordinate committees, and chairing meetings of the 



 33 

Decision-making Committee. The executive chief makes work progress report 

to the Decision-making Committee on a regular basis. 

 

Product Committee: 

The Product Committee is responsible for the overall design and planning of 

the community as well as the attraction of relevant cooperation partners. 

Technology Committee: 

The Technology Committee, consisting of core developers, is responsible for the 

development and review of bottom layer technology as well as the development 

and review of product. Also the committee holds project status meeting every 

week to discuss requirements and project progress. Members of this committee 

need to know community dynamics and hot topics, have communications with 

Token holders inside the community, and hold occasional technical seminars  

 

Financial and HR Management Committee: 

Financial and HR Management Committee is responsible for the use and 

review of raised project fund, management of salary for developers, and 

expenditure and review on daily operation costs. 

 

Marketing and Public Relations Committee: 

Marketing and Public Relations Committee, aiming to serve the community, is 

responsible for the marketing of Primas products and services as well as the 

promotion and publicity of open source project. It is also responsible for the 

release of all community announcements and cooperation with the media. 



 34 

 

Primas Financial Management 

Primas Decision-making Committee promises that all raised digital assets will 

be used for development and building of the community. 

 

Primas Auditing 

Due to the unique features of Token, it’s difficult for any of the current forms of 

enterprises and entities to execute supervision under the existing system. To 

ensure the governance of Primas and the openness and transparency of Token 

usage, Primas Decision-making Committee will employ professional auditing 

agency to implement auditing work. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 35 

Development Roadmap 

Dec. 2016 

Primas project started. 

 

Aug. 2017 

Primas ICO 

 

Solar Systems Stage - Feb. 2018 

Test network launched. Community members will be invited to form an internal 

test group to test and optimize the system. 

2017.8 - 2017.10 

Protocol layer development: account creation, content publishing and storage, 

PST, content incentive, Primas Node incentive. 

Application layer development: IOS & Android clients, account creation, PST 

transfer, content display, content creation. 

Primas Node: contract call, client connection, indexing and caching, IPFS 

storage. 

2017.11 - 2018.1 

Protocol layer development: group creation, group incentive, incentive for 

crawling and reprinting. 

Application layer development: group display, content recommendation, 

content interaction. 

Primas Node: verification of reprinting, task scheduling, crawling and 

reprinting.  



 36 

 

Galaxy Stage - June, 2018 

Official network launched and fully opened for use. Operation plan begins. 

2018.3 - 2018.5 

Protocol layer development: reporting of infringement, voting, credit rating. 

Application layer development: browser plug-in, voting. 

Primas Node development: connection to external services. 

 

Universe Stage - Dec. 2018 

Connection with cooperation partners, expansion of cooperation partnership, 

and formation of ecosystem. 

2018.6 - 2018.8 

Personal page named after account, account bonding, third-party SDK 

connection, public API, identity authentication. 

2018.9 -  

Introduction of cooperation partners into community and continuous 

expansion of ecosystem. 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 37 

ICO Plan 

51 percent will go to the community at ICO stage, to be used for Primas 

development, operation, marketing and fund management. 

20 percent will go to the founding team, early-stage investors and development 

team as compensation for their endeavors, resources and technology support. 

20 percent will be set aside as reserve, which will be used by the Decision-

making Committee as incentive for ecosystem building. 

9 percent will be used for academic research, education, promotion and legal 

issues, so as to finance academic research on Primas and educational materials 

for developers. 

 

 

 

Primas plans to distribute 29 percent (20 percent for reserve plus 9 percent for 

academic research & education) of the Token to the community in several 

phases. Within 4 years, all these PSTs will be put into the community to truly 

realize an open source community ecosystem. Auditing report on the use of 

these PSTs will be publicized every year within the community. 

Token distributed to founding team and development team will be locked for 1 



 38 

year during which they cannot be put into circulation. In a period of 2 years 

after the locking ends, these Token will be released linearly. Token distributed 

to early-stage investors will be locked for 6 months, during which they cannot 

be put into circulation. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 (Note: In the design of the governance part of this White Paper, Qtum’s governance design 

and planning have been used as reference at the approval of Qtum team, to whom we 

hereby express our sincere thanks.) 



 39 

Disclaimer 

This document is only for conveying information and does not constitute an 

opinion on transaction of project shares or securities. Any proposal or request 

for offer to such effect will be made under credible terms in accordance with the 

permission of applicable security laws and other related laws. The above 

information or analysis does not constitute any investment decision or concrete 

advice. 

This document does not constitute any investment proposal, investment intent 

or investment solicitation on securities. This document does not constitute and 

shall not be construed as a transaction offer or an invitation to transact any 

form of securities, neither is it a contract or promise in any form. 

All the examples of returns and profits in this document are for demonstration 

purpose only or represent the industrial average, and do not constitute a 

guarantee for the result of user’s participation. 

Primas clearly states that users with relevant intent shall have clear knowledge 

of risks on Primas platform. By making investment, investors confirm their 

knowledge and acceptance of the project risks, and are willing to personally take 

responsibility for all corresponding results or consequences. 

Primas clearly states that it will not take responsibility for any direct or indirect 

losses arising from the participation in Primas project, including: (i) reliability 

of all information provided in this document; (ii) any resulting mistake, 

negligence, or information inaccuracy; (iii) or any subsequent behavior. 

PST is a digital Token used, besides other scenarios, on Primas platform. PST 

is not an investment target and we cannot guarantee the value addition of PST, 

whose value may decrease under certain conditions. Due to unpredictable 

factors, targets listed in this White Paper may change. While our team will make 

its best efforts to realize all targets stated in this White Paper, all individuals 



 40 

and groups purchasing PST shall shoulder the risks on their own. 

PST does not represent a right of ownership or control. Controlling PST does 

not mean ownership of Primas or Primas applications. PST does not confer any 

right on any individual to exercise participation in, control over or decision-

making on Primas and Primas applications. 

  



 41 

 

Risk Warning 

 

As a new model of investment, investment in digital asset involves various risks. 

Potential investors shall discreetly assess the investment risks and their own 

risk tolerance. 

 Risks on Token Sales Market 

The environment of Token sales market is closely associated with the situation 

of the whole digital currency market. In case of sluggish overall market situation 

or existence of other uncontrollable factors, the price of Token may be 

underestimated over a long period of time, in spite of their own good prospect. 

 Supervision Risks 

Since Blockchain is still in the early stage of development, there are still no laws 

and regulation across the world, including in China, that stipulate requirements 

for precondition, transaction, information disclosure, and locking, etc. in the 

process of ICO. Also it’s still unclear as to how the current policies will be 

implemented. All these factors may bring uncertainty to project investment and 

liquidity. Blockchain technology has become the main target of supervision in 

major countries of the world. If there is any intervention or exertion of influence 

by supervising authorities, Primas application or PST may be affected. For 

example, if there is legal limitation on the use and sale of Token, PST may suffer 

restriction and obstruction, or the development of Primas application and PST 

may be directly terminated. 

 Competition Risks 

With advancement of information technology and mobile Internet, digital 

assets with “Bitcoin” as a representative are gradually prospering and various 



 42 

decentralized applications are continuously emerging, heating up industrial 

competition. With the steady appearance and expansion of other application 

platforms, the community will face constant operation pressure and certain 

risks from market competition. 

 Risk of Talent Loss 

Primas has gathered a technical team and expert consultants with leading 

advantage and profound experiences in their respective professional sectors, 

including professionals with lasting engagement in the Blockchain industry and 

core team with rich experience in development and operation of Internet 

product. The core competitiveness of Primas in the industry lies in its stable 

core team and consultant resources, the loss of which may affect stable platform 

operation or its future development. 

 Risk of Development Failure Due to Fund Shortage  

In case of dropping price of Token raised by the founding team or prolonged 

development time, the team may face a shortage of development fund and 

possibly even suffer subsequent serious shortage of fund for all activities. In 

such case, there will be a risk that the intended targets will not be realized. 

 Risk of Private Key Loss  

After the digital wallet address of PST is extracted by the buyer, the only means 

to operate content contained in the address is by his/her associated secret key 

(private key or wallet passcode). Users are personally responsible for protecting 

the associated secret keys which will be used to sign transactions and prove 

their asset ownership. Users understand and accept that if his/her private key 

document or passcode are respectively lost or stolen, his/her PST associated 

with his/her user account (address) or passcode will be unrecoverable and 

permanently lost. The best method for secure storage of log-in document is to 

store the secret key separately at one or several places and avoid using a shared 

computer for this purpose. 



 43 

 Risk of Hacking or Theft  

There is a possibility that hackers, other entities or nations may attempt to 

interrupt Primas application or PST function with any methods, including but 

not limited to DoS attack, Sybil attack, guerrilla-style attack, malware attack 

and homogeneity attack, etc. 

 Risk of Absence of Loss Insurance  

Unlike bank account or accounts with other financial institutions, Primas 

account or related Blockchain network are generally without any insurance 

guarantee. For losses under any conditions, no public individual or public entity 

will provide insurance. 

 Risks of Core Protocols  

Currently Primas platform is developed on the basis of Ethereum. In case of any 

defect, unexpected malfunction or attack to Ethereum, PST or Primas platform 

may suffer a stop or loss of function in a manner hard to expect. 

 System Risk  

There are risks related to neglected critical defects in open source software or 

large-scale failure of global network infrastructure. Though some of the risks 

may drop over time due to bug fixes and breakthroughs in computation 

bottleneck, other risks are still unpredictable, such as political factors or natural 

disasters that may interrupt part of the Internet or the global Internet as a 

whole. 

 Risks Due to Bugs or Cryptography Development  

Rapid cryptography development and advancement of science and technology 

such as quantum computer may bring the risk of cracking to Primas platform, 

leading to possible PST loss. 

 Risks of Insufficient Attention  

http://dict.youdao.com/w/quantum%20computer/#keyfrom=E2Ctranslation


 44 

There is a possibility that Primas application may fail to be used by a large 

number of individuals or entities. This means that the public do not have 

enough interest in developing and improving the relevant distributed 

applications. Such lack of interest may bring negative impact to PST and Primas 

application. 

 Risk of Poor Acceptance or User Shortage  

First of all PST shall not be deemed as an investment target. Even if PST may 

have some value after some time, such value can be very small if Primas is not 

accepted by the market and is therefore short of users. There is a possibility that 

due to any possible reasons, including but not limited to failure in business 

relations or marketing strategy, Primas platform and all the future marketing 

efforts supported with the raised fund may fail to achieve success. In such case, 

there will be few or no follow-up supporters for the platform. Of course, this 

will be very unfavorable to this project. 

 Risk of Application Defect  

Primas platform may fail to provide normal service due to defects caused by 

known or unknown reasons (e.g. large-scale Node crash), and may even suffer 

loss of user PST in a serious situation. 

 Risk of Application or Product Failing to Reach Their Expectation or 

Buyer’s Expectation  

Primas application is still under development stage, and major changes may be 

made before the launch of official version. The expectation or imagination by 

PST itself or by buyers for the function or manner (including behaviors of 

participants) of Primas application or PST may not be satisfied. Such situation 

may be caused by any analysis mistake or change of a single design, etc. 

 Other Unpredictable Risks  

Token which is based on cryptography is a fully new technology that has not be 



 45 

tested. In addition to risks already described in this White Paper, there are other 

risks that are not yet mentioned or not anticipated by the founding team. Also, 

other risks may come suddenly, or several risks mentioned above may occur in 

combination. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Official Website: https://primas.io 

 

Contact 

E-mail: hi@primas.io 

QQ Group Sectary: 3370125088 

WeChat Group Sectary: primasio 

  

https://primas.io/


 46 

 

Evolution Record of This Paper 

 

Version Date Reviser Update 

1.0 2017/7/10 Primas Executive Committee First release 

1.0.1 2017/7/11 Primas Executive Committee Value assessment formula  

1.1.0 2017／7/19 Primas Executive Committee Disclaimer and risk warning 

1.2.0 2017/7/21 Primas Executive Committee Detailed ICO plan 

1.2.1 2017/7/31 Primas Executive Committee ICO time adjustment 

1.3.0 2017/12/13 Primas Executive Committee ICO plan adjustment 

1.3.1 2017/12/15 Primas Executive Committee Entity change 

 

i
 http://dublincore.org/ 

                                                   


