








































Microsoft Word - PrimalbaseWP.docx


Primalbase: Distributed Workspace for Tech 
Community 

 
 

Amsterdam, May 2017 
primal@primalbase.com 

www.primalbase.com 
 
 
 

Abstract. Building upon the well-established business 
model of shared workspaces, the Primalbase project 
transforms traditional office rental into a new-generation 
community-based ecosystem where one can share, sell or 
rent out high-quality office spaces using Ethereum and 
Waves-based digital tokens. Primalbase tokens not only 
serve a practical function, but also have actual inherent 
value based on a real physical product: it is this that makes 
Primalbase stand out from other projects utilizing crypto 
tokens. The conception of the project and its core elements 
are outlined in this paper. 

 
 
1. Introduction 
 
Real estate is one of the most conservative areas of the economy, while 
Blockchain is considered a disruptive and novel technology. Nevertheless, 
combining these seemingly incompatible elements has proved extremely fruitful 
— a salient example being WeWork.  

The foundation of most co-working projects is the concept of creating a shared 
infrastructure with a global community. The advantages of this business model 
over the management practices of large corporations, with their rigid internal 
regulations and strict hierarchy, are quite apparent. This is especially true for 
young technological start-ups, who are increasingly rejecting the traditional 
office set up in favour of co-working environments. This format has gained much 
traction: according to 2017 Global Coworking Survey, the number of new 
coworking projects has roughly doubled since 2011, and the number of their 
residents is estimated at 1.2 million (see also fig. 1). 



 
Fig. 1: Basic coworking spaces statistics, from Global Coworking survey 2017 

 
The number of successful co-working projects – most notably WeWork, Spaces 
and Second Home – evidences the vitality and potential of this business model. 
According to [1], «… the creative hub is more than the sum of its parts. It offers 
creative micro businesses the chance to aggregate with others in order to access 
crucial resources such as tools, specialist services, or inspiration to help develop 
projects and businesses. Hubs represent a collective approach to coping with 
uncertain social, cultural and economic environments and processes of creativity 
and innovation … Our research shows that creative hubs can produce a wide 
range of impacts including start-up ventures, jobs, new products and services, 
future investment (public and commercial), talent development, regional talent 
retention, informal education and engagement, training, urban regeneration, 
research and development, new networks, innovative models of organization, 
quality of life enhancements and resilience». 

We believe that the use of crypto-tokens will both benefit and enhance this 
model: it was this notion that inspired the creation of this project. Through the 
use of a single-payment crypto-token membership, the Primalbase project offers 
access to all-inclusive shared workspaces located in the world’s leading tech 
hubs. It’s scalable, fast to set up, and flexible in terms of timing and the size of 
the team. 

The rest of the paper is organized as follows. The first section will outline the 
basic concept of the project and summarize its core components. The second 
section is devoted to explaining the token system: their purpose, the pricing 
mechanism and the transfer of ownership. The rules of the initial coin offering 
(ICO) campaign will also be charted in this section. The legal aspects and 
limitations associated with this project will be discussed in the final sections. 
Appendix A provides a summary of the stack of Blockchain technologies that 
will play a key role in the operation of the project. The accompanying software 
architecture is schematically described in Appendix B.   



2. Concept 
 
The project will be executed in two main stages. The first stage is the 
establishment of five shared workspaces in the following strategic locations: 
Amsterdam, Berlin, London, New York and Singapore. Strategic in that, each is 
regarded as one of the most beneficial cities for tech entrepreneurs. These spaces 
will be up to 2000 square meters in size. The locations of future Primalbase 
workspaces will be decided by the vote of the Primalbase token holders (see also 
paragraph 2.2). 

A system of dividing the infrastructure into rentable offices (based on classic, 
standard real estate relations) and non-rentable co-working spaces reserved only 
for Primalbase community members (based on crypto-economic relations), will 
ensure efficiency and profitability of Primalbase business model. Non-members 
can obtain temporary membership and access to co-working spaces through the 
renting of tokens from Primalbase community members. 

Although ultimately, the underlying profit of Primalbase will be made through 
the renting of office space to companies, project teams, startups, branch offices, 
etc. This will cover the operating expenses of the property management company. 

The cryptocurrency token Primalbase (PBT) is built on the WAVES platform and 
is compatible with Ethereum protocols (cf. appendix B). There is a proof-of-
concept up and running in Amsterdam, which is already receiving endorsements 
from prominent international tech entrepreneurs who have become members of 
Primalbase's growing community. In accordance with the business model 
outlined above, the Amsterdam unit provides shared workspaces to the current 
members of the Primalbase community. 

To develop and run more Primalbase units we need to collect funds that will 
cover start-up costs, the operating expenses of the Property Management 
Company, as well as capital expenditures (building the offices with shared 
workspaces in selected locations). To accomplish this task, the ICO procedure is 
necessary.  

The funds collected through ICO will allow us to begin the creation of 
Primalbase infrastructures, adjust the first five units to the level of cost recovery, 
and ultimately produce the revenue to be re-invested in building the next 
locations. The value of the tokens will surge as the demand continues to rise. 

Additionally, the tokenization of our shared workspaces provides us with a 
unique opportunity to establish a pool of committed community members, 
tenants, landlords and opinion leaders, who we can rely on in the future stages of 
the project’s development.   



3. Token system 
3.1 Purpose and functionality 
 
There are 3 main reasons for adopting the token system: 
 

§ It is a means of raising enough money to develop the project. Well-
implemented crowd sales, with carefully defined objectives and 
guarantees, are one the best ways to both generate capital and to build a 
community that has a stake in its success. 

§ The token represents a simple universal measure of the value of renting 
membership from community members, the rising number of Primalbase 
locations, efficiency of the shared workspaces model, and operating 
profitability of the company. 

§ The tokens can be considered as an investment instrument because its 
market value can significantly change as the project develops. 

 
To expand on that last point — opening hubs in new locations should lead to an 
increase in our community membership, which in turn will allow us to establish 
and secure new partnership agreements. The operating profit will also grow, as its 
source is not the turnover of the tokens themselves, but the classical real estate 
business model of subletting office space. This financial flow will enable us to 
open several new hubs, which will lead to a further increase in the price of the 
tokens — if only because each token will give access to an ever-increasing office 
infrastructure. This process is depicted schematically on the figure below. 
 

 
Fig. 2: Diagram of token market price mechanics 

 
 
We emphasize that the Primalbase team cannot guarantee a monotonic increase in 
the price of tokens and is not responsible for the possible losses associated with 
such speculative use of tokens. Access to all Primalbase hubs services and 
functionality is guaranteed unconditionally on the current market price of a token. 
 



3.2 Token specification 
 
One PBT token allows full access to the shared workspace at any Primalbase 
location for one person. In every office space, all the necessary services and 
amenities will be present and provided, such as broadband Internet access, digital 
printing, etc. The term of the token is unlimited and, therefore, does not expire. 
The fee itself is secured in a single payment. The number of tokens that can be 
purchased by the same holder is unlimited. In this case, the possession of 4 
tokens permits the use of a private office, if one is available.  

As noted above, current tokens holders can participate in the further development 
of the project: for example, to participate in the selection of future sites for new 
Primalbases, as decided by a general vote. Tokens are not bound to a person or 
company, and anyone who can certify their ownership of it can use it. That is, the 
token can be resold or leased on (see paragraph 2.3). 

PBT tokens are divisible, i.e. their number need not be an integer. Fractional 
shares are introduced for the convenience of working with PBT as investment 
assets. The smallest fraction is 0.0001 PBT. It is worth noting that to access the 
services of the hub the holder must have at least one complete token. 

We assume that all participants in the project will maintain a proper level of 
decorum, decency and ethical conduct. Therefore, the team reserves the right to 
revoke membership, and deny access to Primalbase hubs for gross or repeated 
violation of the rules of conduct. In this case, the current holder of the tokens can 
only sell them. 

The total number of free-to-use tokens is limited to 1000. Another 250 tokens 
will be held in store for the social activities of the tech community, and will be at 
the disposal of members of the advisory board.  

During the ICO, the payment can be made in any currency, both fiat and crypto; 
in the case of the latter, it will be possible to use third party conversion services 
like Kraken or Shapeshift. On the first day of ICO price of PBT will be equal to 3 
Bitcoins (BTC), and from the second to the seventh day of ICO — to 4 BTC. 
Starting from the eighth day the cost of the token will be 5 BTC.  

 The funds raised during ICO stage will be kept in a multi-signature wallet 
supervised by three members of the Advisory board. Funds are transparent and 
will be spent according to the long-term strategic plan (see also sec. 4); an 
approximate breakdown of raised funds is depicted on fig. 3 below.  

The ICO campaign will take place until the purchase of all 1000 tokens, but for 
no longer than 1 month. If, not all the tokens are sold by the end of this period, 
the unrealized balance will also be placed at the disposal of the board of directors. 
Operations with tokens (sale, leasing, etc.) will be allowed only after the end of 
the ICO campaign. 



 
Fig. 3: Approximate breakdown of funds spending 

 

As the project develops, part of the operating profit is expected to be spent on the 
purchase of a certain number of tokens. This will allow the reinvestment of 
revenue into the further development of the project — specifically, the opening of 
new hubs. Moreover, these measures will partly help preserve the liquidity of 
PBT tokens at a level sufficient to make them an attractive investment medium. 

 
3.3 Token ownership  
 
Primalbase members can rent or sell their tokens using the special technical 
feature of the underlying WAVES protocols. From a technical point of view, this 
means that ownership of any amount of PBT can be transferred, temporarily or 
permanently. These are peer-to-peer transactions; therefore, parties must agree on 
costs and payments between themselves. 

The holder of the token is protected by his own Blockchain — the protocol works 
in such a way that the token cannot be transferred on but remains in the wallet of 
the rentee: in effect, the token is on a «temporary loan». The minimal duration 
that a token can be rented is 3 months, and there is no maximum period. A rental 
agreement may be terminated ahead of time by mutual decision of the parties or 
unilaterally. Formally, the WAVES platform does not allow the inclusion of 
specific leasing rules (i.e. the price, time, conditions, etc.) into the Blockchain, as 
there can be too many scenarios of interaction between users. However, within 
the leasing agreement between the parties, there are guarantees on the fulfillment 
of contractual obligations of all involved. 

A token holder can sell as many tokens as they choose. However, any holder who 
has sold all their tokens, loses the right to access the co-working services 
provided. The innate features of Blockchain technologies make it impossible to 
restore the ownership of tokens if the holder has, for whatever reason, lost his 
private key. The responsibility to reliably store the private key is that of the token 
holder alone.  
 
 



4. Legal aspects and issues 
 
Due to the retrospective nature of regulatory action, our team can make no 
guarantees regarding the legality of the platform or launch of ICO campaign in 
any given jurisdiction. PBT tokens are not securities and do not hold any rights in 
the company. We must operate our business in accordance with the laws of 
relevant jurisdictions. As such, PBT tokens may not be immediately available in 
certain countries. 

The advisory board protects investors’ interests and provides the latter with all 
the necessary reportage. The investor relations are built in a way like that of IPO 
— based on quarterly investment reports. 

All legal aspects of real estate transactions — including, but not limited to, the 
management and negotiation of rental contracts, the maintenance and surveillance 
of buildings, and tax payments — will be coordinated by a central management 
unit in the UK. 
 
5. Future development 
 
We intend to create larger scale and all-encompassing hubs at the most suitable 
locations. Developing on our original Primalbase concept, we will create more 
extensive all-inclusive venues with bars, restaurants, event spaces and other 
related facilities. A part of the profit made from these ventures will be distributed 
among token holders. 

Based on business tasks and received feedback, we can enhance token 
functionality and add new features. The modular structure of chosen digital 
platform allows for further development and extension.  



Appendix A. Blockchain technologies 

 
Ledgers have been at the heart of commerce since ancient times and are used to 
record many things, most commonly assets such as money and property. 
Blockchain technology relies on the concept of distributed digital ledgers, which 
are essentially asset databases that can be shared across a network of multiple 
sites or institutions. All participants within a network can have their own identical 
copy of the ledger. Any changes to the ledger are reflected in all copies within 
minutes, or in some cases, seconds. 

Distributed ledgers are inherently harder to attack, compared to traditional 
centralized versions. Instead of a single database, there are multiple shared copies 
of the same database, so a cyber-attack would have to attack all the copies 
simultaneously to be successful. The technology is also resistant to unauthorized 
change or malicious tampering, as participants in the network would immediately 
spot a change to any part of the ledger. Furthermore, the method by which 
information is secured and updated means that participants can share data and be 
confident that all copies of the ledger at any one-time match each other. 

Traditional ledgers achieve a level of privacy by limiting information access to 
the parties involved and a trusted third party. By contrast, a Blockchain system is 
transparent: all network participants can examine records in the ledger. Privacy 
can still be maintained, however, by breaking the flow of information in another 
place — keeping pseudonymous public keys, which correspond to the 
participants. The network can see that a transaction occurred, but uninvolved 
parties lack the information to link the transaction with specific identities. 

In 2009, Satoshi Nakamoto introduced Bitcoin [2], the first implementation of a 
protocol that enables the issuance of a digital bearer instrument without a trusted 
third party. This was achieved through the use of the ledger replication system 
i.e. Blockchain. Bitcoin solves the difficult problem of implementing 
decentralized digital cash, but its security model limits its efficiency and 
throughput: its design only supports a single native asset, and its virtual machine 
offers limited support to custom programs that determine asset movement, 
sometimes called smart contracts. 

Ethereum, which launched in 2015, develops the concept of a Blockchain to a 
fully programmable state replication mechanism. While it includes a much more 
powerful programming language, it presents additional challenges for scalability 
and efficiency. Its general-purpose computation model makes it difficult for 
engineers to reason about security of their applications. 

For further information interested readers are referred to surveys [3, 4] and 
monographs [5-8]. 

  



Appendix B. Application architecture 

 
 

 
Fig. 4: Schematics of Primalbase applications infrastructure 

 
 
WAVES protocols and routines constitute the core of Primalbase digital 
infrastructure and functionality. The advantages of using WAVES platform are: 
ease of custom token creation, low cost of operations, built-in decentralized 
exchange, and integrated work with fiat currencies. Most of the operations can be 
performed without leaving the WAVES wallet. WAVES platform is compatible 
and interoperable with Ethereum platform, as Ethereum is the renowned market 
leader and popularly used in crowd sales. We believe that in the future all the 
Blockchain systems will be combined into one ecosystem; therefore, the WAVES 
platform was chosen as the key element of Primalbase apps. WAVES is making 
great strides towards this goal, which will, naturally, increase accessibility and 
create new opportunities.   



References 
 

[1] Creative Hubs: Understanding the New Economy. British Council. 2016. 
[2] S. Nakamoto Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system. 2008. 
[3] Distributed Ledger Technology: beyond Blockchain. UK Government 

Office for Science. 2016. 
[4] F. Tschorsh, B. Scheuermann Bitcoin and beyond: A technical survey on 

decentralized digital currencies // IEEE Communications Surveys & 
Tutorials. 2015. Vol. 18. no. 3. p. 2084-2123. 

[5] A. M. Antonopoulos Mastering Bitcoin. O’Reilly. 2015. 
[6] P. Franco Understanding Bitcoin. Wiley. 2015. 
[7] M. Swan Blockchain: Blueprint for a new economy. O’Reilly. 2015. 
[8] R. Caetano Learning Bitcoin. PACKT Publ. 2015. 

 
 


