






















 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



 

 

 

 
 
 

 

PROPS: 

A Decentralized Ecosystem 
of Video Applications  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VERSION 1.2 
February 2018 
 
AUTHORS: 
YouNow, Inc 
 
REVIEWERS: 
Jake Brukhman, Managing Partner at CoinFund  
Doug Petkanics, Co-Founder at Livepeer 
Nick Tomaino, Founder at 1confirmation 
Kenny Rowe, MakerDAO 
Joe Urgo, Co-Founder at district0x 

 

PAST VERSION(S)​: 
Version 1.1 

   

2 

https://www.propsproject.com/static/PROPS%20Whitepaper.pdf


 

 

 

ABSTRACT 
 
In this whitepaper we present a decentralized model for a digital media network that uses 
blockchain technology to equitably reward its contributors: users, content creators, developers 
and others. We are introducing ​PROPS, ​a cryptocurrency that powers social participation in 
digital media and ​Rize​, a new appfor interactive video that will be the PROPS token’s first 
large-scale adopter and champion. Rize is an open video platform that connects 
groundbreaking many-to-many video technology with tokenized virtual gameplay and aligned 
economic incentives for its participants.  
 
Launching in tandem with PROPS, and seeded with YouNow’s community of millions, Rize will 
popularize the cryptocurrency. Rize will serve as the initial member of the ​PROPS Ecosystem​, 
a group of applications powered by PROPS that fairly and transparently reward participants in 
proportion to their contributions to the network. Half of the PROPS supply will be governed by a 
non-profit foundation that will distribute them across the ecosystem, incentivizing third party 
application developers, content contributors and users to join the PROPS Ecosystem in order to 
build a user-focused alternative for today’s highly centralized digital media landscape.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

3 



 

 

 

 

ABSTRACT 3 

INTRODUCTION AND VISION 6 

GLOSSARY 9 

PRACTICAL STRATEGY FOR DECENTRALIZING DIGITAL MEDIA 10 

KEY CHARACTERISTICS OF THE PROPS ECOSYSTEM 12 

Incentivized Economy Powered by PROPS 12 

Mainstream User Experience 12 

Simple Wallet 12 

Governance by the Digital Media Foundation 14 

User Activity Drives Demand for PROPS 14 

LEARNING FROM THE YOUNOW EXPERIENCE 16 

RIZE: AN OPEN PLATFORM FOR INTERACTIVE MANY-TO-MANY VIDEO 19 

Rize Overview 19 

Current State of Interactive Live Video 19 

Many-to-Many Technology 21 

Rize Economy and Gameplay 24 

Rize Rewards 24 

Calculating Rewards in Rize 29 

PROPS ECOSYSTEM GOVERNANCE 31 

The Digital Media Foundation 31 

YouNow, Inc. 31 

Partner Rewards Program 31 

TEAM 34 

Core Team 34 

The YouNow Team 37 

Advisors 38 

YouNow Investors 39 

   

4 



 

 

 

 
 
DISCLAIMER 
This whitepaper has been prepared solely for the purpose of informing potential participants to the PROPS 
Ecosystem with respect to a proposed technical implementation of, and architecture for, the PROPS Ecosystem. 
This whitepaper is non-binding in all respects and does not create any legal obligation of any kind on any person 
(including YouNow).  The ultimate implementation of the PROPS Ecosystem is dependent upon several factors and 
risks outside of the control of YouNow, including regulatory risks, contributor participation, the adoption of blockchain 
technology and the continued use and adoption of the Ethereum network. Nothing in this whitepaper or otherwise 
shall require YouNow to take any steps to develop or otherwise implement the PROPS Ecosystem. YouNow reserves 
the right to abandon the PROPS Ecosystem and/or to change the implementation of the PROPS Ecosystem 
contemplated by this whitepaper at any time and for any reason. Prospective users of the PROPS Ecosystem and 
other contributors to the PROPS Ecosystem are advised to contribute and/or participate at their own risk and without 
reliance on any statement contained in this whitepaper. 

 

   

5 



 

 

 

INTRODUCTION AND VISION  
 
The expansive adoption of powerful smartphones and high-bandwidth Internet is driving 
continued and rapid growth of mobile video consumption.  Short form video, premium content, 1

group video calls, video messaging and live streaming are all becoming regular and 
commoditized aspects of daily life. Billions rely on mobile video as a communication utility and 
tool for social networking and entertainment. Professional video content contributors are 
increasingly using mobile as a primary device for content distribution, while more people are 
participating in video activities every day.  Both phenomena result in content experiences that 2

are pulling the public away from television  and toward the consumption of video on their 3

devices.  
 
While more people create and consume content, today’s digital media landscape is highly 
centralized. A small number of large companies effectively control digital media distribution and 
access. These companies have accumulated hundreds of billions of dollars in enterprise value, yet 
only a very small fraction of that flows back to the people that create value for these networks, 
namely the content creators, curators, publishers and developers building on top of them. The large 
companies monetize the attention and information of their users, while the vast majority of these 
users do not benefit from the financial gains of the network they constitute.  
 
While some platforms reward large content contributors for their work, contributors enjoy only a 
fraction of the financial value they collectively create. The large companies end up controlling 
content distribution and contributor income and often end up cannibalizing their earnings with their 
own content and product offerings.  Meanwhile, developers wishing to create new experiences and 4

digital media distribution channels face an uphill battle against overwhelming network effects, 
economies of scale and restricted growth channels of large incumbents.  5

 
Decentralized networks and cryptoeconomic business models offer opportunities to build new 
networks that align the incentives of participants, enabling fair value sharing and empowering 
community ownership and governance of platforms. The next crop of successful digital networks is 
likely to come from networks enabled through decentralized, economically progressive and open 
source methods. 
 
The financial value created by the internet was largely captured at the application layer, whereas a 
prevailing thesis today asserts that the majority of the value in blockchain is captured at the protocol 
layer  through cryptocurrencies. At the same time, tokens can also enable network contributors 6

1 ​Cisco Visual Networking Index: Global Mobile Data Traffic Forecast Update, 2016–2021 White Paper 
2 ​More Than Half of All Video Viewing Now on Mobile, Tablet Viewing Flat (Report) 
3 ​The Cable Industry Faces The Perfect Storm: Apps, App Stores and Apple 
4 ​Twitter cripples Meerkat by cutting off access to its social graph 
5 ​The New Copycats: How Facebook Squashes Competition From Startups  
6 ​Fat Protocols 

6 

https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/collateral/service-provider/visual-networking-index-vni/mobile-white-paper-c11-520862.html
http://variety.com/2016/digital/news/mobile-video-viewing-stats-1201934907/
http://flurrymobile.tumblr.com/post/128773968605/the-cable-industry-faces-the-perfect-storm-apps
https://venturebeat.com/2015/03/13/twitter-cripples-meerkat-by-cutting-off-access-to-its-social-graph/
https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/the-new-copycats-how-facebook-squashes-competition-from-startups-1502293444?mg=prod/accounts-wsj
http://www.usv.com/blog/fat-protocols


 

 

 

such as Uber drivers, Snapchat video creators, Instagram content curators (who are neither 
technologists building applications and protocols nor investors contributing capital) to 
programmatically receive an equitable, proportionate share of the value created by the network they 
comprise. Harnessing this potential is a key motivation behind PROPS, a digital media ecosystem 
that is better aligned with the interests of all contributors, including consumers, content creators and 
developers.  
 

 

 

Figure 1. 
Cryptocurrency serves as a vehicle to efficiently and equitably 
allocate financial utility created on digital media networks, to all 
network’s participants. 

 
 
 
Cryptoeconomic business models offer financial utility and network ownership for all network 
participants and create strong incentives for early adopters to participate even before a critical mass 
of users is achieved. This is a new, promising path to overcoming the “chicken and egg” problem 
where, in the old model, networks tend to provide value to participants only upon reaching a critical 

7 



 

 

 

mass of users. This is important in today’s landscape, where a few monopolistic media networks 
exercise powerful network effects that serve as a barrier to healthy competition. 
 
In order to compete, decentralized networks must still develop cohesive user experiences, viable 
economics and platform ubiquity that consumers have come to expect. If these challenges can be 
met, an opportunity will emerge to reshape the digital media landscape.  
 
The YouNow team is uniquely positioned to take on this challenge. Since 2011, YouNow has 
been a pioneer in the live streaming video space and was the first company to popularize live 
mobile video in the U.S. In stark contrast to the monetization strategies of most social media 
companies, ​YouNow successfully invented a microtransaction-driven, two-​sided economy within 
the context of video entertainment that allows YouNow to reward content creators​.  Over the 7

last three years, YouNow has generated over $50 million in virtual goods sales and shared the 
majority of its earnings with its content contributors.  
 
In launching the PROPS Ecosystem, the YouNow team continues to pioneer video networks via 
an open video platform and an ecosystem with a decentralized economy. The PROPS 
Ecosystem will benefit from YouNow’s millions-strong user base and creator community, a new 
many-to-many video technology and a 40 person team with notable video and virtual economy 
expertise. YouNow Inc. plans to transition from its current state as a C Corp to become a B 
Corp, with a PROPS centric mission: creating a more open and sustainable media ecosystem. 
Through the adoption of PROPS, all network participants, users, content creators, developers 
and others will be aligned around the long-term growth of the network. This combination of a 
community of users engaged in earning and spending PROPS through participation and 
consumption, with a large reward pool for third-party developers who enhance it with new use 
cases, provides a strong foundation for the development of the PROPS Ecosystem.  
 
 

 

   

7 ​Top YouNow Standout Brent Morgan Makes $10,000 Per Month 

8 

http://www.tubefilter.com/2016/05/11/brent-morgan-younow/


 

 

 

GLOSSARY 
 
PROPS Ecosystem 
A decentralized ecosystem of digital media applications and platforms.  
 
PROPS 
An ERC-20 token used by PROPS apps to reward creators and other digital media contributors. 
 
Digital Media Foundation 
A non-profit organization that oversees the governance of PROPS and the allocation of the 
majority of tokens to support the ecosystem. 
 
Rize 
A many-to-many interactive video platform that is the first PROPS app. Rize is open for 3rd 
party development, and is therefore sometimes referred to as a platform.  
 
YouNow 
A pioneering live streaming company that is developing the initial PROPS infrastructure and the 
Rize platform.  
 
Coins 
The in-app currency (not a cryptocurrency) used by Rize for high volume micro-transactions, to 
drive demand for PROPS. 
 
Rewards System 
A system within a PROPS app that rewards creators and other contributors, based on their 
contribution to the network. 
 
Partners  
Apps or platforms that are part of the PROPS Ecosystem (e.g. Rize). 
 
Partner Rewards 
PROPS that the Digital Media Foundation distributes to PROPS apps and platforms to help 
boost their Rewards System, and increase the early financial utility to PROPS Ecosystem 
contributors. 

 

 

   

9 



 

 

 

PRACTICAL STRATEGY FOR DECENTRALIZING DIGITAL MEDIA 
 
Mainstream digital media users are accustomed to using apps that are free, fast, available on 
their smartphones and have easy access to in-app purchases. Today, this requires a certain 
degree of central coordination. Decentralization of the digital media ecosystem components, 
particularly on mobile, is a long-term effort requiring interoperability amongst decentralized 
networks that will not be at scale for some years. Additionally, decentralized computing 
networks are not yet capable of handling the demands of video streaming, high volume 
microtransactions and low latency messaging at scale. Digital media today cannot be achieved 
through purely decentralized solutions and we propose a practical implementation path of 
decentralization over time.  
 
Our motivation is to create a more balanced and equitable digital media ecosystem that is not 
controlled by a few key actors. We will achieve this through tokenization and decentralization of 
the digital media economy while exploiting the distribution efficiencies of tightly managed mobile 
apps that enable participation by mainstream users. 
 
YouNow has designed Rize from the ground up over the past twelve months to realize this 
vision. Participants will join the PROPS Ecosystem either through Rize, or through other 
applications in the ecosystem. For their efforts, contributors will receive a proportional share in 
the network value and impact the governance of the ecosystem. A diversified network of 
economic actors will naturally contribute to the decentralization of the PROPS economy, while 
continuing to enjoy the advantages of prevailing mass market mobile distribution channels.  
 
Establishing value for the PROPS Ecosystem involves a three part plan: grow a network of 
PROPS users in digital media, create a Partner Rewards program and demonstrate the 
opportunity for ecosystem participants. The Rize platform will furnish the initial user network, 
demonstrate the value of a contributor driven cryptoeconomic business model and act as a 
cornerstone for adoption by additional ecosystem partners. Apps in the PROPS Ecosystem 
(Partners), including Rize, will build the network of PROPS users and grow the use cases for 
PROPS. In exchange, the Digital Media Foundation will seed Partners with an initial token 
supply to align incentives and allow them to earn from the Digital Media Foundation’s Partner 
Rewards pool.  
 
The Digital Media Foundation will also oversee the development of a shared layer that allows 
users to take their identity, relationships and wallet with them between apps, contributing to 
seamless interoperability within the ecosystem. New apps that enter the ecosystem will be able 
to quickly onboard users who already have accounts, and new users that they will potentially 
acquire would contribute to the growth of the network.. Over time, the identity layer will transition 
into a blockchain-based social graph culminating in an ecosystem that supports both centralized 
and decentralized applications that strengthen the network. 
 

10 



 

 

 

 
 

 

 
 

Figure 2. 
Overview of the PROPS Ecosystem 

  

 
 
 
 

   

11 



 

 

 

KEY CHARACTERISTICS OF THE PROPS ECOSYSTEM  
 

Incentivized Economy Powered by PROPS 

YouNow was the first mobile app to facilitate a two-sided virtual currency market in which users 
pay to buy virtual currency and creators earn revenue resulting from the engagement they 
generate. The YouNow creator program has shown that financially rewarding content 
contributors creates a flywheel effect that drives more content creation, consumer participation 
and network growth. With Rize, the YouNow team further fuels the flywheel where, beyond 
creators, all participants are fairly rewarded for their contribution. 
 
This is achieved by first launching a cryptocurrency called PROPS. Contributors are rewarded 
with tokens that unlock functionality, value and status within the community (see more in ​Use 
Cases for PROPS​). As a decentralized and transferable ERC-20 token with fixed supply, the 
PROPS Ecosystem is set to grow in proportion to PROPS’ utilization by users. 
 
Like Rize, additional platforms or apps integrating with the PROPS Ecosystem, and benefiting 
from the ecosystem’s reward tokens, will use PROPS as their primary decentralized currency 
and ensure participants within their environments are rewarded.  
 

Mainstream User Experience  

In the context of mainstream usage, the ability to easily onboard users who don’t have 
knowledge of, or experience with cryptocurrency is critical. Users do not need to own or 
understand cryptocurrency to enter or use applications in the PROPS Ecosystem. 
 

Simple Wallet 

For the majority of users, PROPS will be their first cryptocurrency experience. This presents 
both an exciting opportunity to introduce millions of users to cryptocurrency and a significant 
responsibility to design an experience that is simple and secure. 
 
Instead of requiring a complicated wallet setup when users install the app, users will be 
gradually introduced to the concept by earning PROPS. User wallets are created automatically 
and synced between devices with an encrypted cloud backup. This matches the seamless 
experience users expect from mobile apps. Additionally, as users earn more and become 
familiar with cryptocurrency, they will have the option to take control of their wallet, off-device, 
for increased security. 

12 



 

 

 

 

 

Figure 3. 
PROPS Wallet, showing gradual onboarding, backup & restore options, and address sharing. 

13 



 

 

 

Governance by the Digital Media Foundation  

The Digital Media Foundation will work aggressively towards achieving political decentralization.
 Some elements of the platform, however, will remain centralized until decentralized options 8

become feasible or desirable. The Digital Media Foundation will be responsible for allocating 
Partner Rewards to platforms or apps on the ecosystem, creating developer extensions that 
provide visibility into the use of the apps within the ecosystem (such as reporting on and 
visualization of activity ), evangelizing the PROPS Ecosystem to developers and content 9

partners, bringing promising and diverse platforms and apps into the ecosystem and more, as 
described in the relevant section below. Over time, the Foundation will consider moving to a 
decentralized governance system such as those presented by Aragon  or others. 10

 

User Activity Drives Demand for PROPS 

Despite potentially being unaware of the underlying cryptoeconomics, mainstream users help 
fund the platform, which in turn drives the demand and adoption of the cryptocurrency. For 
example, in order to create an evergreen user reward pool, Rize uses revenue from in-app 
purchases to buy PROPS from the market. PROPS are then distributed as rewards throughout 
the Rize community. Another Partner may choose to create an ad-supported platform, where 
the revenue generated from user attention is used to reward content providers with PROPS. A 
third Partner may use a subscription model, where the subscription revenue is used to reward 
contributors with PROPS.  
 
In order to support the development of such economies, the Digital Media Foundation will 
reward PROPS Ecosystem Partners with a regular distribution of tokens through its Partner 
Rewards Program. In turn, each Partner can incent contributors by distributing rewards to 
participants on its own app or platform. This will support the growth of the PROPS network by 
driving users to receive, buy, use and hold PROPS. Further, the Foundation will issue grants to 
help bootstrap the financial utility for early contributors. 
 

8 ​The Meaning of Decentralization  - Vitalik Buterin 
9 Similar tools provide value to users of the Steemit platform (​Steemit​) 
10 ​Aragon 

14 

https://medium.com/@VitalikButerin/the-meaning-of-decentralization-a0c92b76a274
https://steemit.com/
http://aragon.one/


 

 

 

 
 

Figure 4. 
Flow of Partner Rewards in the PROPS Ecosystem, using examples of platforms with different 
business models. Each platform distributes tokens to contributors via its own Rewards System, 
fitting its use case.  Note: This diagram only includes high-level components for simplified 
demonstration purposes. More detailed descriptions of the ecosystem and an example of an 
Partner rewards engine are illustrated in ​Figure 2 and Figure 12, respectively. 

 
 
 
 

 

 
 

 

   

15 



 

 

 

LEARNING FROM THE YOUNOW EXPERIENCE 
 
For over six years, the YouNow team has worked extensively in the live streaming video space, 
designing real-time video experiences built on a sustainable model of content creator revenue 
sharing. Today, YouNow’s social video application  boasts over 40 million registered users.  11

 
In YouNow’s business model, users exchange fiat currency for digital assets in order to boost 
content, engage in virtual gifting, access unique features, gain status and reward other users. 
Qualifying YouNow creators, in turn, receive fiat payments for their work in engaging and 
retaining users. 
 

 
 

Figure 5. 
Quarterly virtual goods sales on YouNow. 

 
 
Currently, YouNow’s ecosystem averages over 60,000 in-app currency transactions per day. As 
seen in Figure 5 above, YouNow virtual currency sales have grown by 40.4% over the last year. 
 
Overall, virtual goods account for the vast majority of revenue of mobile app stores, 
predominantly through mobile gaming. In 2016, games generated 75% of iOS App Store 
revenue and 90% of Google Play Store revenue.  YouNow has designed a highly gamified 12

11 ​YouNow.com 
12 ​How Gaming Apps Drove App Revenue in 2016 

16 

http://younow.com/
https://www.appannie.com/en/insights/market-data/gaming-apps-maintain-revenue-stronghold/


 

 

 

environment which includes user levels, trending lists, status badges, leaderboards, rewards. 
This intersection of live streaming, entertainment, and gaming is proven to be one where users 
have the highest propensity to pay (see figure 6 below). Within the world of media, live 
streaming and gaming are ideal candidates for the tokenization offered by the blockchain. 

 

 

Figure 6. 
Estimated revenue per hour in media consumption, China (2016).  13

As a reference, US based YouNow drives $0.50 per hour, 
correlating to the Chinese market benchmarks above. 

 
 
Our data shows that regardless of any other factor, on-screen direct user interaction firmly 
correlates with increased engagement, revenue, and lengths of user sessions. Comparing data 
from millions of broadcasts, YouNow data, shown in Figure 7 below, suggests that the 
many-to-many interactive video format that powers the Rize platform is a strong driver of overall 
user engagement and transactions.  
 

13 ​Source: KPCB’s Mary Meeker Internet Trends Report 2017 / Hillhouse capital  
 

17 



 

 

 

 
 

Figure 7. 
Engagement given single user vs. multi-user broadcasts. 

 
 
YouNow’s team of experienced media professionals, engineers, virtual economy and social 
gaming experts popularized the live streaming business in the United States.  The YouNow 14

team is strongly positioned to continue its mission of delivering mass market social video 
experiences and empowering participatory media activities. By building PROPS and Rize, 
YouNow’s team is further innovating, pioneering a next-generation extensible platform that 
leverages the combined power of cryptoeconomics and real-time participation. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 

   

14 ​Wired - Letter from the Editor 2017 

18 

http://www.wired.co.uk/article/eds-letter-january-2017


 

 

 

RIZE: AN OPEN PLATFORM FOR INTERACTIVE MANY-TO-MANY VIDEO 

Rize Overview 

The 1/9/90 Rule  — a heuristic which asserts that 1% of users create, 9% curate and 90% 15

consume — is starting to unravel as people are empowered to become contributors themselves.
 For instance, today, over 65% of Snapchat users produce content . Additionally, 1.8 billion 16 17

people play videogames , in effect participating in real time media creation. The market is 18

unmistakably trending towards a more immersive and participatory media.   19

 
Interactive live video​ is a prominent manifestation of this trend. Instead of simply delivering 
content to consumers, users seek experiences that are engaging and inclusive, allowing them to 
take part in the action, to participate in the unfolding media experience, and to socialize. This 
interactive live video format has been popularized in the context of live streaming services and 
group video chat, while new applications of interactive video extend into an unlimited set of use 
cases, bringing people together to participate in any activity that can be logically structured. 
Key use case examples, which we will review later in this paper, span the domains of 
entertainment, communication, social gaming, reality television and game shows, commerce, 
education, and more. 
 
Our team is introducing a new technology stack for video, similar to low latency multi-person 
group video, yet adapted to accommodate large virtual gatherings of any size. ​Many-to-many 
video technology​ aims to simulate the real world experience of groups of people interacting 
together. It enables people to actively participate in experiences with video feeds of their own, 
engage and exchange virtual goods directly with others and interact according to different use 
cases or logic. We refer to these experiences as Spaces.  

Current State of Interactive Live Video 

Today, the live video space is divided into two main categories: “one-to-many” ​live streaming 
and “few-to-few” ​group video conferencing​. Each category is supported by specialized video 
technology. 
 
Live Streaming 
Live streaming is designed to support the use case of a video stream broadcast to a large 
audience. Examples include YouNow, Twitch, Periscope, and Facebook Live. Historically this 
use case has been powered by technologies such as RTMP, HLS, and DASH, which involve 

15 ​1% rule (Internet culture), Wikiwand 
16 ​1% rule (Internet culture), Wikipedia 
17 ​Snapchat by the Numbers: Stats, Demographics & Fun Facts 
18 ​There are 1.8 billion gamers in the world, and PC gaming dominates the market 
19 ​The Top 13 Facebook Live Statistics You Should Know 

19 

https://www.wikiwand.com/en/1%25_rule_(Internet_culture)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1%25_rule_(Internet_culture)
https://www.omnicoreagency.com/snapchat-statistics/
https://mygaming.co.za/news/features/89913-there-are-1-8-billion-gamers-in-the-world-and-pc-gaming-dominates-the-market.html
http://mediakix.com/2017/03/facebook-live-statistics-video-streaming-to-know/


 

 

 

server side video transcoding into multiple formats and sizes and delivery using CDNs.  This 20

approach optimizes for scale, not latency, with delays of at least 2 seconds and often up to 10 
seconds.  It allows for limited interactivity (such as Facebook likes or hearts), but not real-time 21

activities between all the participants gathered.  

 

 

Figure 8. 
Live streaming technology optimizes delivery 
of a single feed to a large number of viewers. 

 

Group Video 
Group video conferencing provides a low latency video link between a small number of users 
talking to each other. Maximum number of users supported is typically less than ten. Every user 
can see and hear everyone else. Examples include Skype, Google Hangouts, ooVoo, and 
Zoom. Previously, proprietary P2P technology was used to instrument this use case, but the 
market is now standardizing around WebRTC.  The technology is designed to achieve 22

20 ​Wikipedia: Streaming Media 
21 ​New Report from Wowza Evaluates Live Streaming Latency 
22 ​Skype - The journey we’ve been on  

20 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streaming_media#Protocols
http://www.streamingmedia.com/Articles/News/Online-Video-News/New-Report-from-Wowza-Evaluates-Live-Streaming-Latency-119225.aspx
https://blogs.skype.com/news/2016/07/20/skype-the-journey-weve-been-on/


 

 

 

extremely low latency,  allowing real-time conversations and interaction. 23

 

 
 

Figure 9. 
Group conferencing optimizes delivering video feeds 
between members of a group but does not scale well. 

 
 

 
Video applications have to choose between the tradeoffs presented by each approach: live 
streaming, with wide scale and low interactivity, or group video conferencing with possibilities for 
interactivity but limited scale. 
 

Many-to-Many Technology 

Architecture 
Rize is based on a radically new approach to video transmission. Its architecture bypasses the 
tradeoffs inherent in choosing between live streaming and group video approaches. This is 
achieved by using a network of low latency group video style media servers that can relay 
streams to each other to create widely available many-to-many video feeds.  
 
The many-to-many setup supports the full spectrum of live video interactions, from a single 
stream being viewed by millions of users to a few users privately chatting, to stadium size 
scenarios where any user can interact with any other user, instantaneously, live and in full 

23 ​Approximately 0.33 seconds. 

21 



 

 

 

motion. We provide this technology to address interactive video use cases and provide a true 
many-to-many video network that can be easily harnessed by any interaction logic. 
 

 
 

 

Figure 10. 
A network of group video style media servers  
enables low latency many-to-many video. 

 
 
This architecture is well-suited for future decentralization. Because streams are merely being 
relayed by the media servers, and not transcoded, new nodes can more easily be added to the 
network. As mobile devices and bandwidth improve, consumers too will participate in relaying 
streams and get rewarded for it. 
 

 
   

22 



 

 

 

User Experience 
 
The Rize Platform provides an extensible system for interactive video experiences, a closer 
simulation of the real world, where every user is live. Any participant is able to interact with any 
other participant, on video, and exchange media and virtual goods. An infinite set of real world 
social experience can be had, virtually recreated using interactive video. In order to achieve this, 
Rize uses a few simple constructs: 
 

● Spaces.​ Shared virtual “rooms” where users congregate individually or in groups. 
● Stages.​ Display areas, within a Space, for users who are audible and visible to the 

Public. 
● Public.​ Users within the Space, who may mount Stages or talk privately amongst 

themselves, within Groups. 
● Groups​. Public users within Spaces, who interact privately or semi privately amongst 

themselves. 
 

     

Figure 11. 
The Rize Platform demonstrates participation video use cases. 
Any user can speak with, like, give virtual goods, and play with 
other users, publicly or privately. 

 

23 



 

 

 

This setup is designed to mimic real world scenarios. For example, at a concert a spectator can 
hear the performer on stage, see everyone in the audience while having a private conversation 
with a friend or two. At a karaoke bar, one can watch others sing or decide to hop on stage and 
participate. 
 
In today’s live streaming landscape (e.g. Facebook Live, Periscope, YouNow and Instagram 
Live), 8% to 10% of users are on camera, primed for engagement and eligible to receive a like 
or a virtual good.  On a many-to-many platform 100% of users are on camera and eligible for 
social feedback and earning. 
 

Rize Economy and Gameplay 

The Rize platform is one of the world’s first attempts to introduce a cryptocurrency economy to 
millions of mainstream mobile users. Since holding and handling cryptocurrencies is not 
something mainstream mobile users are accustomed to, Rize uses a two currency model: in 
addition to PROPS, a fiat based currency, Coins, is used to perform virtual goods transactions, 
facilitated via in-app purchases through Apple’s iTunes’ and Google’s Play store. This removes 
barriers to entry for mainstream users who can participate without any knowledge of 
cryptocurrencies while simultaneously funding the distribution of the token to the network’s 
contributors.  
 
The Rize platform economics are designed to benefit from both fiat and PROPS gameplay 
activity. Most notably, Rize’s in-app revenues are used to purchase PROPS which are then 
rewarded to content contributors, developers, curators, promoters and other users that 
generated value for the network. Best practices gained from our experience running YouNow’s 
successful two-sided virtual economy are driving the design of the Rize’s dual currency 
economics. This mechanism also results in PROPS being one of the first tokens backed by the 
fundamental value of a large mainstream user base currently transacting in a virtual economy. 
  

Rize Rewards 
The Rize Platform is designed to demonstrate the long term viability of the ecosystem by 
leveraging its economic framework of in-app purchases to generate rewards for content 
contributors. Rize will be able to pass through in-app purchase proceeds to the Rize Rewards 
System (which will programmatically reward platform contributors) while simultaneously creating 
demand for PROPS. YouNow’s experience in using in-app purchases proceeds to compensate 
specific users (currently in fiat currency) is being leveraged in designing and implementing a 
cryptocurrency-based Rewards System in a many to many economy where every user may 
earn. Additionally, Rize will be eligible to earn Partner Rewards from the Digital Media 
Foundation as detailed in the section “Earning Partner Rewards” and can pass through 
additional value generated, benefitting from two streams of PROPS as inputs to its Rewards 

24 



 

 

 

System.   
 

 
 

Figure 12. 
The Rize Platform uses revenue from in-app purchases to purchase 
PROPS and distribute to its contributors in Reward PROPS 

 
 

Use Cases for PROPS 
PROPS are an Ethereum-based and ERC20-compliant  cryptographic token which are earned 24

through contribution to the PROPS Ecosystem.  
 
PROPS serve as a “status” token, indicating a user’s access to advanced functionality and 
permissions, driving users’ incentive to hold them. Further, PROPS have multiple other utilities 
(examples below) that drive demand for the currency. 
 

24 The ​ERC20 interface​ is the standard implementation interface for Ethereum-based digital tokens. 

25 

https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard


 

 

 

Some initial use cases for PROPS digital tokens within Rize are described below, while others 
will be tested and integrated into Rize and the PROPS Ecosystem over time. Many are proven 
use cases in current real-time gamified environments and provide a deep level of functionality 
for both value based transactions and interactivity. 
 

● Premium Experiences​. PROPS will unlock premium experiences or ‘gameplay’ 
advantages. Some features may be exclusive to token holders and require premium 
access using PROPS. 

 
● Status Signaling.​ Indicates the elevated status of PROPS holders. 

 
● Influence and Curation​. Influence is a function of economic power. PROPS holders 

may promote use cases and content they like and vote on platform-wide rules and 
guidelines. 
 

● Compensation​. Tokens will be used to compensate platform contributors (e.g. content 
contributors, curators, developers etc.). 
 

● Content Promotion​. Users of all types can use PROPS to promote or elevate their own 
content. 

 

  

Figure 13. 
Status signaling (left and center) and unlocked 
premium features (right) for PROPS holders within Rize 

26 



 

 

 

Earning PROPS in Rize 
 
PROPS are distributed to Rize’s contributors through a daily Reward System. The YouNow 
team has years of experience in calculating the daily value of each unique user’s contribution, 
down to the penny per minute. We bring this expertise to the PROPS Ecosystem.  
Rize’s PROPS rewards formula looks at engagement factors such as garnered users’ ‘time 
spent’ (Watchtime), and Likes earned via the receipt of Coin-denominated virtual goods sent in 
a contributor’s Space, in order to fairly distribute PROPS to the most impactful and relevant 
platform contributors. 
  
Coins (the non-crypto currency for purchasing digital goods and thus sending Likes) can be 
earned through active participation on the platform or purchased with fiat currency via mobile 
in-app purchase​ (IAP). Coins facilitate mainstream users’ contributions to the crypto economy 
without necessitating users buying crypto directly.  
  
When users send digital goods in another user’s Space, for example, the Space’s ‘owner’ earns 
value alongside the user who received the digital good. This partially represents the Space’s 
owner’s contribution of value to the network (in this case attracting and engaging two other 
users to exchange value within their Space). The more valuable engagement a user generates, 
the more PROPS they will receive.  
 

 
 

Figure 14. 
Rize in-app gameplay: Earning of Coins, sending of Likes and 
granting PROPS rewards 

  
 
 

27 



 

 

 

 
Below, in Figure 15 and Figure 16, are examples of the user experience of the Rize in-app 
gameplay described above. 
 

 
 
 

Figure 15. 
Any user can earn Coins in-app, or purchase from the App Store, and 
spend them on digital goods and experiences, while contributors 
accumulate Likes and Watchtime value and are allocated rewards in 
PROPS. 

 
 
 

28 



 

 

 

 

Figure 16. 
In Rize, contributors are issued next day rewards based on the value 
of their contribution. 

 
 

Calculating Rewards in Rize 

Below is a description of the underlying logic of the Rize Rewards System, followed by a description of the 
parameters.  
 

 

29 



 

 

 

 
 

Notes:  (1) Developers can build dedicated Spaces and customize their associated gameplay.  
  (2)The reward share between developers and users is variable that may change over time. 

(3) Rewards calculations may change. They may also be affected by additional factors 
     such as successful new user referrals  

 
 

 

 

   

30 



 

 

 

PROPS ECOSYSTEM GOVERNANCE 

The Digital Media Foundation 

In order to facilitate the growth of the PROPS Ecosystem, a nonprofit entity will be formed to 
oversee its adoption. The Digital Media Foundation will represent the interests of all participants, 
including users, developers and content contributors. Given the Foundation’s fundamental role 
in the ecosystem, establishing independent governance is necessary. This will be accomplished 
by dedicating an increasing number of seats on the Foundation’s board to Partners, 
independants and other key stakeholders over the course of two years, until YouNow’s 
representation is no longer a majority. 
 

YouNow, Inc.  

The company and team are exclusively committed to the PROPS Ecosystem. As such, 
YouNow, Inc. plans to transition from its current state as a C Corp. to become a Public Benefit, 
B Corp., with a mission of creating a more open and sustainable media ecosystem. Adopting 
this B Corp. status will require YouNow to act not only in its shareholders’ interests, but for the 
benefit of the PROPS Ecosystem and all of its participants. In furthering this mission, the 
company will leverage its existing application YouNow, with its community of millions, to seed 
the Rize Platform. Further, if found valuable, YouNow will integrate PROPS into the existing 
YouNow app, making it an additional Partner in the ecosystem.  
 
Transitioning to a B Corp., YouNow is formally aligning itself with its token ecosystem.  

Partner Rewards Program 

A key function of the Digital Media Foundation is to administer the Partner Rewards program in 
order to incentivize ecosystem growth. To this end, the Foundation will receive 50% of the 
tokens, the majority of which will be distributed as rewards to Partners who contribute to the 
PROPS Ecosystem’s growth.  
 
In addition to ongoing rewards, the Foundation may grant Partners an initial token supply, to 
further boost the rewards passed through to contributors and to maximize the financial utility 
offered to early adopters. Interested parties can apply for Partner supply grants, reviewed by the 
Foundation in an inclusive and transparent manner to ensure fair opportunity.  
 
   

31 



 

 

 

Earning Partner Rewards 
 
Partner Rewards are designed to drive token network effects  for PROPS, and to incentivize 25

users to hold PROPS in order to earn value from their balances within applications across the 
ecosystem. Applications earn Partner Rewards from the Digital Media Foundation in proportion 
to the utility they contribute to the network. ​The rewards mechanism will use a token staking 
model to measure network contribution.  The Digital Media Foundation will determine 26

application-level rewards based on the accumulated balances of each application's users. In 
effect, Partner Rewards compensate Partner applications or platforms like Rize that attract 
users by building engaging user experiences powered by PROPS.  
 
PROPS Partner apps implement their own self-sustaining business model and choose methods 
of redistribution of rewards to their users. Each PROPS Partner, such as Rize, can enjoy two 
sources for earning PROPS that feed its Rewards System: Partner Rewards from the 
Foundation and PROPS acquired through its own business model (e.g. in-app purchases, 
subscription, advertising, pay per view etc.). Partner applications’ own Rewards Systems will 
need to be transparent in the way they deliver value to end users to become part of the Partner 
Rewards program.  
 
Each Partner application will need to stake a portion of the Partner Rewards it receives from the 
Foundation. Staking involves putting tokens at risk as a security deposit against malicious 
behavior, thus correctly aligning incentives for participants to act within the appropriate use of 
the system. This security margin will prevent Partners from attempting to manipulate the Partner 
Rewards program and strengthen the alignment of incentives between Partners and other 
PROPS holders.  
 

Grants, Ecosystem Investments & Open-Source Infrastructure Development  
 
As a decentralized token, PROPS will be available for developers to integrate with 
independently. Separately, the Digital Media Foundation, ​in addition to ensuring early 
fundamental utility, is responsible for overseeing the development of critical infrastructure used 
by the ecosystem, including w​allets and other services for holding or spending PROPS. ​In 
addition, the Foundation will work toward a shared data protocol that allows users to port their 
identity, relationships (“social graph”) and wallet between applications. While this shared data 
protocol will be managed by the Foundation initially, it will eventually be transitioned into a 
decentralized system, as relevant technology matures and trusted implementations (such as 
Blockstack or uPort) are production ready. Another example is the development of an open 
source wallet SDK that will enable an application to easily integrate a user-friendly and 
transparent mobile wallet.  

25 ​Token Network Effects 
26 Steemit pioneered this model by showing that users who signal their long-term support of the network 
by locking their Steem can enhance utility and the opportunity to earn. 

32 

https://medium.freecodecamp.org/token-network-effects-a-new-business-model-for-a-decentralized-web-6cde8b4e862


 

 

 

  
The Digital Media Foundation will sponsor activities like hackathons, competitions and 
promotions to develop ecosystem infrastructure, build the PROPS developer community and 
grow awareness for PROPS. Bounties, publicly published by the Foundation, may be 
associated with specific projects. ​Administering the Foundation's discretionary grants and 
infrastructure development budget will be a diligent process to ensure investments in the 
ecosystem yield maximum value. Such investment decisions will be made by experienced 
individuals whose financial interests are aligned with the success of PROPS. It is also important 
to diversify decision making and the Foundation will direct a portion of its grants based on input 
from ecosystem participants and PROPS holders. 
  

  

   

33 



 

 

 

 

TEAM 

Core Team 

 

 
 
 

Adi Sideman 
Founder & CEO 

Adi Sideman is a pioneer in participatory media, an entrepreneur with more than 20 years of 
experience creating apps and companies in the user-generated video space. 
 
Adi founded YouNow in 2011 to provide a live social platform for people to connect, interact, 
and express themselves. YouNow grew to be a global social network with more than 40 Million 
users and over 120 million user sessions per month. YouNow was a finalist for TechCrunch’s 
Fastest Rising Startup of 2015 Awards.  27

 
As a developer, Adi produced the first-ever animated ads on AOL and created more than 30 
online games for major-studio franchises, including the Matrix Game for the famed Warner 
Brothers Movie. In 1999, he founded the interactive media technology firm Oddcast, which 
continues to develop interactive media apps such as “Elf Yourself.” In 2005 Adi co-founded 
KSolo, the first online karaoke service (acquired by Fox Interactive/MySpace) and, in 2006, Adi 
co-founded audio ad network TargetSpot, a joint venture with CBS (acquired by Radionomy). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

27 ​Meet The Startups Vying For The Crunchie For Fastest Rising Startup Of 2015 

34 

https://techcrunch.com/2016/01/15/meet-the-startups-vying-for-the-crunchie-for-fastest-rising-startup-of-2015/


 

 

 

 

 
 
 

Yonatan Sela 
SVP Business Development & Product Strategy 

Yonatan Sela is an entrepreneur and digital media executive. Sela leads business operations 
and product strategy at YouNow. 
 
Yonatan joined the founding team of Tvinci, an online video / OTT platform, where he spent 5 
years as VP Marketing and Product Strategy. He led Tvinci to 8 figures in revenue and an 
acquisition by Kaltura in 2014. Yonatan also co-founded Bookn'tell, an app that simplifies friend 
referrals for local service businesses. 
 
Prior to YouNow, Yonatan was a VC at Venrock, a firm whose past investments include Apple, 
Intel, AppNexus and others. While at Venrock he focused on opportunities in the Digital Media, 
FinTech and Bitcoin/Blockchain verticals, and was part of the team who made the investment in 
YouNow. Having worked closely with the YouNow team for months following the investment, he 
joined the company’s executive team. 
 
Yonatan is an Air Force Captain and a Boston Consulting Group alumnus. He holds an MBA 
from Wharton and a BA in Economics and Eastern Philosophy. He is also a rock climber and 
writer. 
 

 

 

 
 
 

Eran Kalmanson 
Chief Technology Officer 

Eran Kalmanson leads product and infrastructure engineering at YouNow. He’s been with the 
company for 4 years. 
 
Eran was previously an early employee at SundaySky, an industry leader in the mass 
generation of dynamic video. At SundaySky he was a Release Manager and an audio and video 
engineer. Eran served 6 years in the Israeli intelligence corps’ elite technological unit, where he 
was a software development Team Lead. The main project his team developed won the 
prestigious Israel Defense Prize for innovation. 
 
Eran is a military lieutenant, and holds a BA in Computer Science from The Open University and 
a BA in Gastronomic Science from l’università di Scienze Gastronomiche.   
 

35 



 

 

 

 

 
 
 

Ben Perper 
Director of Product and Business Intelligence 

Ben Perper drives the company's product ideation, roadmap execution and business analysis. 
 
Ben's career spans 10+ years of consumer-tech product management. Before YouNow, Ben 
was a Senior PM at Zynga, launching new titles, and running game operations reaching 
hundreds of millions of users. In Zynga’s intensely data-driven environment he honed his skills 
in analyzing user behavior, optimizing virtual economies, prioritizing product roadmaps and 
shipping updates in order to hit aggressive KPIs. 
 
On Zynga Poker, Ben focused on growth and retention initiatives. Ben then served as Product 
Lead for Looney Tunes Dash! which was selected as Editor’s Choice and reached #1 App Store 
ranking in 67 countries. 
 
Ben's career started at TheLadders.com, a subscription based job service, before moving to 
NBC where he served as a Strategy Analyst for CNBC's mobile initiatives. 
 
Ben holds an MBA from NYU Stern and an undergraduate degree from University of Virginia. 
 

 

 

 
 
 

Peter Watts 
Platform Lead 

Peter Watts is the resident polymath at YouNow, in charge of research & development, 
blockchain integrations, and the platform ecosystem. Since joining in 2014, he’s worn many 
hats, building the web app, running product on core features and starting the growth team.  
 
Peter is a self-taught software engineer who cut his teeth in the music industry, building apps for 
bands and music venues. In 2011, he co-founded Swarm.fm, a music discovery company and 
early partner on the Spotify App Platform. 
 
Peter likes to spend his weekends hacking on new ideas. After moving to New York from 
Sydney, he lived entirely off hackathon winnings for a year, while bootstrapping his first 
company. 
 

36 



 

 

 

The YouNow Team 
 

 

   

37 



 

 

 

Advisors 

 
 

 
Jake Brukhman 

Founder & Managing 
Partner 

 
Aleksandr Bulkin 

Co-Founder & Managing 
Partner 

 
Alexander Felix 

Partner 

 
Oleg Golubov 

Partner 

 

 

 
Marco Santori 

Lead Legal Advisor 

 
 

 
Manuel Araoz 

Lead Technical Advisor 
Founder 

 

 
Doug Petkanics 

Co-Founder, Livepeer 
 

 
Nick Tomaino 

Founder, 1confirmation 
Principal, Runa Capital 

Former Director of Business Development, Coinbase   
 

38 



 

 

 

 

YouNow Investors 
Union Square Ventures 
Venrock 
Comcast Ventures 
Oren Zeev 
Chris Dixon 
 
 
 
 

39 


