

















































Paid Survey Functionality Briefing

Qchain

Draft as of July 19, 2017.

Copyright 2017 Qchain



Contents

1 Introduction 1

2 The Survey Web Application 2

3 Value Proposition 4

3.1 Benefits for Researchers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4

3.2 Benefits for Participants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4

4 Case Studies 5

4.1 A Political Scientist Collects Subject Responses for Research . . . . . . . . . 5

4.2 A Marketing Research Firm Performs A/B Testing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5

5 Concluding Summary 6



Qchain Paid Survey Functionality Briefing 1

1 Introduction

Beginning with our application for website advertising, we at Qchain aspire to gradually build

an extensive platform for digital enterprise marketing and customer relationship management

(CRM) on the blockchain. We firmly believe that the benefits of decentralization, security,

privacy, and immutability that come with blockchain technology can benefit a host of tasks

associated with digital marketing and CRM. We have a long-term vision of constructing a

one-stop shop for forward-looking advertisers and marketers who would like to move all or

a large proportion of their workflow to operation on blockchain-based technology.

As an additional step toward accomplishing our vision, we will also develop and incor-

porate an enterprise paid survey service into our platform. Our primary intention with this

inclusion is to provide college students, homemakers, and anyone looking for supplementary

income with a smooth and reliable way of earning compensation from filling out surveys.

These surveys would come from marketers, pollsters, academics, A/B testers, and others

who seek a means of quickly and securely obtaining data and information from a number of

participants to inform their predictions and decisions.

Wed like to stress that this idea is not a cavalier whim to fill a gap in the blockchain

survey space. Over time, giants like Amazon, Google, and SalesForce, have developed a

comprehensive array of services and tools to make themselves indispensable for businesses

and consumers. We judiciously apply their strategies and practices to our own growing

project to bring us closer to our ultimate goal: to build a comprehensive ecosystem for

digital marketers and advertisers who seek to do business on blockchains.



Qchain Paid Survey Functionality Briefing 2

2 The Survey Web Application

Figure 1: Log-in panel for the survey application

Users will be able to select whether to log on to the advertising application or the sur-

vey application on the login page of our site. Separate accounts will be required for each

application. After creating an account, users will need to fill out basic details about their

identities for know-your-customer (KYC) legal compliance purposes, as well as study and

survey qualification and filtering purposes. (For example, a study that is only open for

certain demographics will require the ability filter out ineligible users.)

Figure 2: Log-in panel for the survey application

We at Qchain vow to not sell this user data or employ it for any other purposes aside from

legal and qualification use. As weve stated previously, maintaining the privacy of our users



Qchain Paid Survey Functionality Briefing 3

is one of our chief concerns. If a user does not want to fill out non-mandatory information

fields during the registration process, they can certainly choose not to do so, and would

simply be ineligible for studies requiring those particular fields.

Upon logging into the enterprise survey website, users will be able to navigate to Par-

ticipant and Researcher sections of the site on a right-side menu. When users click the

Researcher button, they will be directed to an interface for submitting their survey. Study

submitters will first file their token choice for participant funding (EQC or XQC), their fund-

ing source (NEM or Ethereum wallet address), and their funding per participant. They will

then reach a page to select the topical category of their survey and submit their study. When

users click the Participant button, they will be directed to an interface that shows them a

list of all active studies that can then be filtered into a list of studies that they are eligible

to participate in. A message underneath listings of studies that users cannot participate in

will indicate the specific fields that disqualify users from the study.



Qchain Paid Survey Functionality Briefing 4

3 Value Proposition

3.1 Benefits for Researchers

Researchers will be able to reach subjects around the globe with Qchains survey service,

without geographic limitations. Subject information will be censored from researchers to

fulfill institutional review board (IRB) regulations, ethical guidelines, subject randomization

requirements, and bias reduction goals. We will also be building a robust set of statistical

tools for researchers into the application that allow for cursory data analysis and processing.

Researchers will also enjoy similar advantages as advertisers do in our advertising appli-

cation: They will be able to maintain control of their funds without transferring their control

to a central agent. Furthermore, they will not have to go through a lengthy approval process

and will be able to submit studies immediately after their registration.

3.2 Benefits for Participants

Participants will be able to receive immediate payout of EQC or XQC to their own wallets,

following verification of their survey completion. This is in drastic contrast to most major

paid survey sites presently, where participants must meet a high threshold of earnings from

surveys before they are able to withdraw. Even worse, these thresholds are often filled with

many caveats that prevent withdrawal, resulting in a massive waste of time for users.

Additionally, participants can rest assured knowing that, unlike other more unscrupulous

survey sites, Qchain will not sell user data and email addresses to spammers, nor will we store

any of the data that users have entered into surveys. Qchain will only keep the registration

details on file for legal compliance and study qualification purposes.



Qchain Paid Survey Functionality Briefing 5

4 Case Studies

To better help you understand our enterprise paid survey functionality, wed like to propose

two different scenarios in which our service can be used.

4.1 A Political Scientist Collects Subject Responses for Research

Dr. Janet Weber, a university professor, is looking to quickly find subjects to take her survey

about political beliefs and voting habits to inform her analysis. Dr. Weber decides to offer

participants five XQC each in exchange for survey completion. Dr. Weber opens her survey

to male participants whose profiles fit the requirements of being between the ages of 18 and

30. After a few days, she receives a notification that all of the funds in her research NEM

wallet have been used up. Having reached her desired survey count, she declines to transfer

additional funds into the wallet, closes the study, and then downloads her results from the

Qchain web application as a comma-separated values file for further analysis.

4.2 A Marketing Research Firm Performs A/B Testing

The market research firm, Aqualad Analytics, has been hired by a film distribution company

to determine which taglines for upcoming superhero films are more appealing to the global

population. Aqualad Analytics fields a simple A/B testing survey in Qchain that is open

to all registered participants and chooses to offer EQC in exchange for survey completion.

Each survey question asks users to select their preferred option among two movie posters

with different taglines. Upon exhaustion of research wallet funds, Aqualad Analytics then

downloads, filters, and sorts their collected survey data based on gender, age, nationality,

and other categories, using Qchains tools. They are then able to organize their results into

a presentation for the distribution company.



Qchain Paid Survey Functionality Briefing 6

5 Concluding Summary

With the explanations and use cases above, we hope we have successfully demonstrated

how Qchain’s survey application can provide utility and ease for researchers and survey

participants. We will provide updates on the ongoing development of this application on our

blog, and we look forward to introducing more applications for digital marketing and CRM

in the future.


	Introduction
	The Survey Web Application
	Value Proposition
	Benefits for Researchers
	Benefits for Participants

	Case Studies
	A Political Scientist Collects Subject Responses for Research
	A Marketing Research Firm Performs A/B Testing

	Concluding Summary

