


































P2P 
CRYPTOCURRENCY 
EXCHANGE
Sell and buy crypto assets around the world 
for local payment methods



2

Contents

Business Overview

The problem we are solving

Our solution

Our value proposition

Market analysis

Cryptocurrency market value & growth

The volume of cryptocurrency wallets & users

Payments using cryptocurrencies

Cryptocurrencies exchange platformsе

Outlook and future value of the market

Why now is a perfect investment momentum

Competition

Competitive analysis of Qvolta vs LocalBitcoins

Our Strategy

The vision and mission

Strategy outlook

Short-term targets

Long-term goals

Product development outlook

Marketing Strategy

Influencers & word-of-mouth

Events & partnerships

SEO & content marketing

Social media & Advertising

4

4

4

5

6

6

7

8

9

9

9

11

11

12

12

12

13

13

13

14

14

14

14 

15



3

Email Marketing 15

15

22

22

24

23

26

27

PR

16Referral program

ICO Structure

21The work scheme of our business

20Qvolta Wall and Qvolta Security

17Financial Plan

19Verification

Structure of financing

Using token in the product

Roadmap

Our Tariffs

25Two kinds of users at Qvolta platform

Team



4

Business Overview

Qvolta is a global P2P exchange platform that allows users to quickly and easily convert cryptocurrencies into the fiat 

currencies, and vice versa. We have created Qvolta as a direct response to a huge market problem that exists in the 

global cryptocurrencies market. In the majority of countries around the world individuals are not able to quickly (within 

5-10 minutes) and conveniently convert cryptocurrencies into fiat money. While some exchange platforms are available, 

most lack the scale and offer unsophisticated tech solutions, that lack security and are challenging and complicated to 

use.

in contrast, Qvolta will provide individuals a reliable and convenient platform to quickly buy or sell cryptocurrencies with 

help of the most popular payment methods for the fiat currencies available in the country of his/her residence. Initially two 

cryptocurrencies will be available for the exchange - Bitcoin and Ethereum, with later envisioned addition of Monero and 

other altcoins.

In order to ensure the best user experience as well as protect the users, Qvolta will act as a guarantor for the trades 

executed on the platform. Security will further be provided by services as Qvolta Wall and Qvolta Security. Qvolta solution 

will be available both as a desktop and mobile applications (iOS and Android).

The problem we are solving

Nowadays converting cryptocurrency into a fiat money and vice versa is extremely inconvenient due to the following 

reasons:

Burdensome and time-consuming process. Fast addition of fiat currencies to exchanges is extremely challenging due 

to the difficulties in connecting merchant accounts to enable acceptance of the major payment systems. Furthermore, it 

takes on average a full day to transfer funds from a user’s bank account into to the exchange platform account; making 

instant trades challenging.

The requirement to participate in trades. In order to be able to buy cryptocurrencies, user has to participate in trades 

without the ability to quickly make the purchase at fixed price and in one click only.

High costs. Cryptocurrency wallets that offer the options of cryptocurrencies purchase overcharge the users, with high 

commissions and added fees.

Our solution

With the help of Qvolta, any resident from any country in the world will have an opportunity to:

Sell cryptocurrencies for fiat currencies using their preferred local payment methods;

Buy cryptocurrencies for fiat currencies using their preferred local payment methods;

Take advantage of the guarantor services to protect the transactions and secure the trades.



5

Our target audience will be people who want to quickly buy / sell cryptocurrencies at a fixed price without taking part in 

the exchange trades. Qvolta solution will enable these people to complete the transaction within 5-10 minutes – making it 

the most time-efficient and convenient exchange platform to date. Guarantor services will be provided to secure the 

transactions; and user accounts will be protected with our proprietary anti-fraud system.

Our value proposition

Qvolta solution will provide a number of benefits over other exchanges in the market, ultimately offering an unparalleled 

value proposition for the users:

Convenient & easy-to-use interface

Low commission rates and no hidden fees

Availability of mobile application, and easy integration for the user between desktop & mobile

Fast support for all of the operations, including dispute-resolution; and strong emphasis on 24/7 customer service

Guarantor system and high security of the platform

Global reach and presence in all countries globally



6

Market analysis

The market of cryptocurrencies is one of the fastest-growing and most promising industries globally. Using the insights 

from 2017 Global Benchmarking Study conducted by Cambridge University, and supported by additional analytics from 

key industry organizations, we have outlined below some of the key industry facts and trends.

Cryptocurrency market value & growth

While the markets have long been sceptical about the growth of cryptocurrencies due to lack of regulation and security 

concerns, 2017 has proven to be a year that clearly shows cryptocurrencies will a crucial part of the future.

Since early 2016, the total cryptocurrency market capitalisation has increased more than 3x, reaching nearly $27 billion in 

April 2017. As of July 2017, total capitalization of cryptocurrencies has increased to over $100M, posting an 

unprecedented increase.

The trend has been universal with most of the cryptocurrencies gaining value on the back of the overall positive trend. As 

of 2015, 0.87% of US consumers are estimated to have owned cryptocurrency, which amounts to around 2.8 million 

people in the US alone. Based on calculations using their own user data, Coinbase and ARK Research estimate that in 

2016 around 10 million people around the world have owned bitcoin.



7

Currently, the core value of the market continues to lie with Bitcoin; followed by Ethereum and Ripple. However, in the 
future other cryptocurrencies are expected to consistently grow further, eventually gaining greater share of the overall 
market.

The volume of cryptocurrency wallets & users



8

The total number of wallets is difficult to estimate, though Global Benchmarking Study calculates it using the data 

collected from study participants; together with the available data on the number of software downloads of major wallet 

providers and Bitcoin’s reference implementation. Using the conservative assumption that one software download is 

equivalent to one wallet created, it is estimated that the total number of wallets globally has amounted to 35 million in 

2016, a 4x increase over the 2013 level of 8.2 million. In reality, the figure is expected to be significantly higher given that 

one cryptocurrency user would potentially have more than one wallet; and that the calculation excluded data open-

source wallets.

Among these, the study estimated that the percentage of active wallets ranged from a low of 7.5% to a high of 30.9% of 

total wallets, depending on the type of provider; and therefore it can be assumed that the number of active wallets is 

currently between 5.8 million and 11.5 million in 2017.

The number of users of cryptocurrency wallets was calculated based on the number of active wallets, assuming that an 

average user owns two wallets (and excluding people who used exchanges as a wallet or those who use the services of 

payment operators, or platforms, which have the ability to store cryptocurrency). According to the Global Benchmarking  

Study, based on the assumptions underlined the current number of unique active users of cryptocurrency wallets is 

estimated to be between 2.9 million and 5.8 million, as illustrated in the figure below.

Payments using cryptocurrencies

The Global Benchmarking Study has surveyed 48 companies that use cryptocurrency as a payment method, in 27 

countries. 79% of these payment companies have existing relationships with banking institutions and payment networks, 

however, they cite the difficulty of obtaining and maintaining these relationships as the sector's biggest challenge.



9

Merchant services, which mainly consist of processing payments for merchants that accept cryptocurrencies, is the most 

widely offered payment service (52% of survey respondents agree). 21% of payment companies exclusively process 

national-to-national currency payments, whereas half of payment companies do not process any national-to-national 

payments at all. Also, the report underlines that the bitcoin network is used by 86% of surveyed payment companies as 

main payment rail for cross-border transactions.

Licensing for cryptocurrency companies is much more common than the absence of such requirements, and 54% of 

payment companies have a formal government license; of all payment type activities, platforms providing B2B payment 

services are most likely to have a license (83%). Besides, 86% of payment companies perform KYC/AML checks.

Cryptocurrencies exchange platforms

Globally there are currently 51 cryptocurrencies exchange platforms in 27 countries of the world. According to the study, 

52% of small exchanges hold a formal government license compared to only 35% of large exchanges. 85% of all 

exchanges in Asia-Pacific region have no licenses, which comes into the sharp contract to North-American exchanges 

where 78% of exchanges have such licenses.

73% of exchanges take custody of user funds, which can attract hackers while 23% let users control keys. For better 

security 92% of exchanges use cold-storage systems; on average 87% of funds are kept in cold storage. Also, 

multisignature architecture is supported by 86% of large exchanges and 76% of small exchanges

Most of the exchanges follow a traditional architecture, and there is only one global P2P exchange platform – 

LocalBitcoin. While still relatively small it has recently seen a significant increase in the trade volume, reflecting generally 

higher demand for cryptocurrencies (volumes reached all-time highs since early 2017, particularly in high growth  

emerging countries located in Asia, Africa, Middle East and Eastern Europe.

Outlook and future value of the market

While the growth of the market is very challenging to predict, according to Saxo Bank, Bitcoin could make up 10 percent 

of the $5 trillion average daily volume in the foreign exchange market in 10 years. Its market capitalization could grow to 

$1.75 trillion which would make each bitcoin worth $100,000 – an enormous growth potential market.

Why now is a perfect investment momentum

Improved security and technology

The security of Bitcoin has now been proven by eight years with no downtime and no breaches of the public open source 

codebase. Furthermore, an additional driver of this latest growth in the crypto space can be explained by the increase in 

smart contract awareness and anonymous block chain technologies, with more and more sophisticated solutions 

emerging in the market.



10

Increasing investment wave and rising interest in the market

The growth is further supported by the enormous investments inflow in practically all cryptocurrencies. The adoption of 

cryptocurrencies has been universal, with multiple large companies, banks and funds now working on or investing in 

Block chain projects. IBM alone has 300+ Block chain projects underway with corporate companies.

Changing regulation

Once being a key obstacle, regulation today is increasingly becoming a positive force for cryptocurrencies growth. 

Japanese government has recently formally recognized the Bitcoin in April, giving it greater legitimacy in Asia’s richest 

major economy. Other countries are expected to follow shortly, with a steady growth of international money-transfer 

services that use Bitcoin daily.

Relatively low competition

While the potential of the market has long been recognized, it has been not until 2017 when the growth of 

cryptocurrencies has exploded. Given the currently large capitalization of the market and huge volume there is a growing 

number of services and startups trying to tap into the newly emerged market opportunity. However, even with increasing 

interest in the sector the number of players is still relatively low, with significant room existing for new entrants. As the 

competition is limited yet the scale is already sufficient to minimize the risks, cryptocurrencies sector presents a perfect 

momentum for new strong incumbents to enter the market.



11

Competition

There are a number of direct and indirect competitors globally. In a broader sense, we will be competing with multiple 

companies worldwide that are offering services related to exchange of cryptocurrencies, either to other currencies or into 

cash. These include traditional exchanges like Bitstamp, BTC-e, Bitfinex, Kraken etc. that differ from P2P solutions as your 

funds are on hold until the sell or buy order is executed.

In a narrower sense, our competitors will be represented by the P2P cryptocurrencies exchange platforms that currently 

exist on the market. The key distinction between the traditional exchange is the business and operations framework, 

where P2P platforms do not hold the user funds and instead just match the buyers and sellers; also providing much 

demanded privacy for the transactions.

Our key direct competitor is LocalBitcoins, a peer-to-peer marketplace that matches users wanting to buy or sell bitcoin. 

Other solutions exist on the market with a various set of features and functionalities. However, those are relatively small, 

lacking the sophisticated technology platform as well as scale and sufficient user / seller volume to complete globally 

(Coinffeine, Bitsquare, Bitkan, Paxful etc). With the market being incredibly large and growing, there is clearly room as 

well as an increasing need for more quality P2P platforms on the market.

While LocalBitcoins is currently the leader on P2P cryptocurrency exchange market, we strongly believe that our solution 

will provide a solid edge over the rival, with unparalleled value proposition for the users and hence an ability to sustain 

long-term competitive advantage in the marketplace.

A detailed side-by-side comparison against the LocalBitcoins can be found in the table below:

Competitive analysis of Qvolta vs LocalBitcoins

Qvolta LocalBitcoins

Fees

Cryptocurrencies available for exchange

Security & technology sophistication

Mobile application available

Easy to use and attractive interface

Deposit of cryptocurrency for trades

Summary

Low

Multiple

High

+

+

NO

High

1 (Bitcoin)

High

-

-

YES



12

Our Strategy

Our vision is to grow into №1 P2P cryptocurrency exchange platform in the world, delivering unparalleled value 
proposition for the users and strong returns for the investors; and ultimately driving the creation of the new financial 
ecosystem grounded in the interaction between the blockchain and fiat currencies

Our mission is to foster the adoption of cryptocurrencies usage globally, driving increased adoption of altcoins and 
greater awareness among general population

Strategy outlook

Our key focus will be on continuous investment in product development and platform improvement in order to make sure 

our technology retains its technological lead in the market. We plan to add  multiple additional functionalities and features 

as we move forward, as well as focus on excellent customer service to distinguish ourselves from the rivals such as 

LocalBitcoins.

Geography wise, we plan to launch the product in European Union, USA and Russia at  first  year, later in  second year 

expand to the key customer markets of Latin America, then to Asia, Australia, other world at third year.Our vision and 

go-to-market strategy is illustrated in the graph below.

The vision and mission



13

Securing all the necessary government permits and licenses for the cryptocurrencies exchange in those countries, 

where the sector is regulated by the law

Focusing on driving strong user growth, targeting both those users that are already familiar with P2P cryptocurrencies 

exchanges as well as those that have just shown interest in the sector

Short-term targets

Long-term goals

Achieving at least 50% market share in the P2P exchange sector; growing into the first platform of choice for both 

individual users as well as businesses

Investing heavily in product development ensuring the best tech platform in the industry

Expanding the business globally, to ensure presence and strong brand awareness in each key region of the world

Product development outlook

Our key focus and investments will be targeted towards creating a solid, secure and sophisticated platform with easy-to-

use and attractive interface. In the first few months, the emphasis will be on building the core features and functionalities 

of the product, as well as organizing the access to all conducted ICOs from the user's personal cabinet. We will aim to 

create a reliable system for transactions with fiat currencies based on blockchain for fast cross-border payments for both 

individuals as well as legal parties.

In the future, we also envision multiple additional functionalities and features to improve the user experience and 

strengthen our value proposition. Among the envisioned development, we foresee:

Building merchant accounts so that both individual users and businesses could quickly and conveniently receive / send 

payments

Adding new altcoins to the portfolio of available cryptocurrencies

Assisting in opening bank accounts in cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies for individuals and legal parties



14

We have devised a well-rounded marketing plan aimed to quickly build awareness of the Qvolta brand and rapidly gain 

recognition in the target market. Our user acquisition plan is based on a number of key strategies that will be employed 

over the next 5 years; with strong focus on social media advertising and word-of-mouth in the launch phase; and higher 

investment budgets for traditional advertising and PR as Qvolta continues to scale and expandе

Marketing Strategy

Influencers & word-of-mouth

One of the key steps of our marketing plan is establishing credibility of the brand early on; while gaining a lot of brand 

coverage and heavy exposure to the target audience. This will be done through collaborations with influencers in 

various fields attached to cryptocurrencies, who will be promoting Qvolta platform through their blogs, YouTube 

channels and social media accounts. Investment in influencer advertising will allow us to quickly unlock multiple 

audiences around the world, instantly gaining credibility and trust for the brand thanks to the real, personal and story-

based advertising. At the same time, through utilizing influencer reach out platforms and tools we will also be able to 

significantly save marketing costs as compared to traditional advertising. 

In order to further encourage rapid user sign-ups we will build a referral program where users are encouraged to share 

the brand with their friends or acquaintances, in return for Qvolta credit and perks (similar to strategies initially 

employed by Dropbox, PayPal and Airbnb). Such a strategy would allow us to achieve a viral effect for the brand, 

rapidly growing user base and engagement with the platform.

Events & partnerships

SEO & content marketing

As part of our promotion plan we envision to be heavily involved in the global cryptocurrency ecosystem, securing our 

position as a well-recognized player globally. This involves presence at the important industry events and creation of the 

mutually beneficial partnerships with other market players.

Key strategies to build visibility of the Qvolta brand would involve attendance and sponsorship of the key industry events, 

as well as participation in Bitcoin or Blockchain Conferences as attendees and later speakers / experts.  Similarly, a 

fundamental step in our marketing strategy will be creation a network of partners that would be interested in promoting 

Qvolta solution for the referral fees; or similar promotion on Qvolta website. Our key target would be companies that 

either offer complementary business services or are interested in a reliable partner providing cashing our opportunities 

for their users (such as cryptocurrencies gaming companies).

One of the key steps in building visibility early would be creation of the blog on cryptocurrencies that would be driving 

traffic to the Qvolta website. We will focus on publishing engaging content that answers important questions for the users, 

or otherwise covers new developments in the cryptocurrencies market. 



15

The blog writing will be lead and supported by high quality marketing professionals, ensuring that the content is not only 

interesting and visible in the search engine results, but also is written creatively enough and has interesting elements to 

have a potential to go viral.

In order to ensure visibility in the search results we will have an external SEO team promoting the blog and blog articles; 

and ensuring presence in targeted discussion lists, online forums, and groups for people with particular interests (e.g. Sub 

Reddit, Facebook groups and Bitcoin Talk forum).

Social media & Advertising

One of the key communication channels for Qvolta brand will be presence on social media platforms (Facebook, 

Instagram, Twitter) to ensure continuous interaction with the key audience. Facebook will be further utilized for the 

marketing ads and campaigns. While we envision investments in Google Adwords as a medium to reach target 

audience, over the recent years Facebook has been found to be a more cost-efficient channel to reach potential users; 

and thus particularly in the earlier stages the focus will be on Facebook campaigns and re-targeting tactics to drive 

users back to the Qvolta website.

Email Marketing

PR

An essential part of our strategy would be building out the email subscriber list and sending weekly personalized 

newsletters with special offers and product updates to sustain the engagement levels.

We plan to engage PR specialists early on to build reputation for the brand and ensure we have strong coverage in the 

press, including relevant industry publications, tech resources and important business destinations (Business Insider, 

Forbes, TechCrunch).

Each of the strategies will be utilized in the go-to-market plan over the next 5 years, with some strategies being more 

heavily employed based on the stage of company’s development. Our vision in this respect is outlined in the graph 

below:



16

Referral program

Our referral program will benefit both senders and recipients of invitations. There will also be a system of welcome 

bonuses, so a trader can try to trade on the cheapest tariff plan for the first time completely free of charge.



17

https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/qvolta/Qvolta+ICO+Financial+Model.xlsx

Financial Plan

Projected Profit & Loss Statement, USDm

Financial ratios

Year 1 Year 2

Revenue

Costs

Gross profit

Operating expenses

EBITDA

Cash flow

0,0

0,1

(0,1)

4,7

(4,8)

0,4

0,3

0,2

0,1

6,1

(6,0)

(0,7)

Year 3

0,3

0,2

0,1

6,1

(6,0)

(0,7)

Year 4

0,3

0,2

0,1

6,1

(6,0)

(0,7)

Revenue growth, %

Gross profit margin, %

EBITDA margin, %

Net income margin, %

Marketing, as % of revenue

Product development, as % of revenue

G&A (incl payroll), as % of revenue

Headcount

Revenue per FTE, USD

-3936%

0%

0%

42666%

40859%

47720%

30

120

8554%

24%

0%

0%

690%

553%

716%

42

7 389

946%

89%

0%

0%

98%

63%

49%

50

64 901

237%

95%

24%

24%

30%

22%

19%

60

182 409

Key metrics

# of transactions, m

Average transaction value, USD

Transactions volume, USDm

Commission for 1 BTC, %

0,2

223

36

0,01%

2,6

251

621

0,05%

8,0

283

2 163

0,15%

14,4

319

4 378

0,25%

Investment breakdown, %

Technical development

Marketing

Legal service

Administration of the project

Risks

30%

40%

15%

5%

10%

31%

46%

15%

8%

0%

29%

42%

6%

9%

15%

26%

32%

4%

11%

27%

ICO financing

ETH price assumption, USD

Projected ICO size, ETH

Projected ICO size, USD

Share, %

Total projected ICO size, ETH

Total projected ICO size, USD

Total share, %

300

18 000

5 400 000

15%

105 000

31 500 000

90%

21 000

6 300 000

18%

28 000

8 400 000

24%

38 000

11 400 000

33%



18

Profit & Loss graph, USDm

Platform transactions

Platform transactions

12,0

10,0

8,0

6,0

4,0

2,0

(2,0)

(4,0)

(6,0)

Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4

Revenue

Marketing, as % of revenue

Gross profit

Product development, as % of revenue

EBITDA

G&A(incl payroll), as % of revenue

16

14

12

10

8

6

4

2

0

350

300

250

200

150

100

50

Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4

Average 
transaction value, USD

200%
180%
160%
140%
120%
100%
80%
60%
40%
20%

0%

Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4

Qvolta is planning to obtain financing for development of the platform during 4 years.18 000 000 QVT 

will be sold through the platform each year.



19

Verification

We will have two categories of users-verified and unverified. Users will decide themselves with whom to conduct 

transactions - with verified users or unverified. We will use verification to maximally protect our users from 

fraudulentschemes.

Also verification of users is necessary for compliance with the KYC and AML rulesin those jurisdictions where Qvolta 

platform will work.



20

Qvolta Wall and Qvolta Security

Qvolta Wall is a security of your account. It means that you will receive a notification when you sign into your account, 

information from which device and from which address was made a  previous sign-in.

Qvolta Security is an app that gives you a personal and unique code each time you entering to the platform and trying to 

make operations on the platform.



21

Our service has 2 components (as well as any other working not only with cryptocurrency, but also with fiat money 

service has):

The work scheme of our business

1. Payments/Transactions with user's fiat money

2. Payments/Transactions with user's cryptocurrency

If we consider the first component, then we are completely decentralized: the users' fiat money does not go through 

our trading platform and users make payments to each other directly, without our participation.

On the second point, of course we could not be called completely decentralized, because orders are processed by a 

centralized escrow mechanism.



22

ICO Structure

Date of ICO — 10.10.17 -20.10.17 (At the time of the ICO we will present the finished product-a full-featured desktop 

version of the p2p exchange Qvolta)

Number of tokens on ICO — 18 000 000

Value of token 1 ETH = 1 000 QVT

The official name of the token — QVT

Deposit Methods – Ethereum

Date pre-ICO — 15.08.2017-29.08.2017  (At the time of the pre-ICO, we will submit MVP)

Pre ICO bonus — 50%

There is no the minimum amount of fund-raising for ICO

The date of entry into the Cryptocurrency Exchange will be announced after the completion of the ICO within three 

days

Date of unfreezing of the tokens after the ICO-within three days after the date of the ICO or after the full collection of 

funds for the project

All unsold tokens will be liquidated 

Structure of financing

Technical development-30%

Marketing-40%

Legal service-15%

Administration of the project-5%

Risks-10%



23

Roadmap



24

QVT Token in our product will be used to pay for tariff plans. The trader will have to pay for  tariff plan to start creating 

offer for sale/purchase of cryptocurrency on the P2P Qvolta exchange. Tariff plan depending on its value, allows to trade 

the cryptocurrency in the amount provided for by this tariff plan. All tokens are issued by the Singapore company Qvolta 

Pte.Ltd.

Using token in the product



25

Two kinds of users at Qvolta platform

1. Typical users. Users who want to buy and sell cryptocurrency in a fast way. 

They make transactions of buying or selling a cryptocurrency by responding to an offer created by a professional trader. 

During this process Typical users do not use the QVT tokens. Commission will not be charged by the platform for such 

kind of users.

2. Professional traders. 

They make offers of buying and selling cryptocurrency according to the purchased tariff plan. The price of Tariff plan 

depends on the amount of cryptocurrency which Professional traderwants to buy/sell. Professional traders need to use 

QVT tokens for buying the tariff plan.



26

Our Tariffs

BTC ETH

Up to 5 BTC

Up to 10 BTC

Up to 25 BTC

Up to 50 BTC

5.5 QVT

10 QVT

22.5 QVT

40 QVT

Up to 10 ETH

Up to 25  ETH

Up to 50 ETH

Up to 100 ETH

1.5 QVT

2.5 QVT

4 QVT

6.5 QVT

Each tariff plan includes the total amount of crypto currency that a professional trader can sell or buy by creating an 

appropriate offering through the Qvolta platform.



27

Team

Entrepreneur, Economist, Fintech Advisor.5 years of experience in international 

financial sector. Founder of Fintech Finance, full-cycle consulting firm for Fintech. Keen 

interest in Blockchain and Internet of Things.

Business-analyst, Fintech Adviser.6 years of experience in international financial sector. 

Co-founder of Fintech Finance, full-cycle consulting firm for Fintech. Blockchain enthusiast.

Lawyer, 6 years practice at consulting for FIntech startups. Keen interest in Fintech and 

blockchain.

Software Engineer. Consultant. Symfony lover. With over a decade of experience with the 

full stack, he is part of the Upwork Enterprise team. Often speaks at the conferences.

When not coding for work, he usually hacks together new concepts and open source 

libraries, or simply provides Q&A.

Kirill Murzin

Viacheslav Averkin

Ilia Filatov

Dmitry Semenov

CEO, co-founder, business developer

CEO, co-founder, business analyst

CBDO, co-founder

development team lead, co-founder

https://www.facebook.com/kirll.murzin

https://www.linkedin.com/in/kirill-murzin-97204714b/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/averkinqvolta

https://www.linkedin.com/in/ilia-filatov-3162b414b/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/mxnrl/

https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100001171221734

https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100018962596653

https://www.facebook.com/mxnrl


