











































1.

RAISON
AI-based platform designed 

to handle investments 

and personal finance

LAST update 07.12.2017 v.2



1.

RAISON is an AI-based platform designed to handle investments and 
personal finance.

RAISON helps to maintain an optimal investment portfolio of 
cryptocurrencies, shares, bonds and funds based on the customer risk-
profile and investment expectations. 

RAISON pools all user accounts, analyses cash flows and offers 
recommendations on how to improve the customer’s financial position. The 
application enables utilisation of familiar financial services (IBAN, cards, 
and payments) on an integrated platform. 

The platform focuses on functional simplicity based on the state-of-the-art 
high-tech financial solutions in a fully regulated legal environment.

The product specifically targets the Western European market as the most 
legally-transparent region with positive attitudes towards cryptocurrencies 
and excellent investment prospects in a zero interest rate environment. 
Further market development prioritises Eastern Europe, the UK and the 
USA.

The RAISON platform is developed by the joint team of Threesixty Elements 
SA, professionals specialising in capital management services under the 
regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission (US), AKIL.IO, 
the resident of the ITMO Research University, successfully implementing 
machine learning and AI-integrated systems, as well as NetBox, a company 
created by former employees of MAIL.RU, responsible for technology and 
product base development.

SUMMARY



2.

Please read the following notice carefully before proceeding to read this 
Whitepaper issued by RSN Finance OÜ, Estonian private limited company 
(hereinafter — “Issuer”). This notice applies to all persons who read 
this document. Please note this notice may be altered or updated. The 
Whitepaper does not constitute any relationship between you (hereinafter — 
“you” or “Holder”) and the Issuer. Acquiring of the RSN tokens is available 
only after accepting the Note Purchase Agreement (hereinafter — “NPA”). 
Acquisition of RSN cryptographic tokens does not present an exchange 
of  cryptocurrencies for any form of ordinary shares of the Issuer and 
a Holder of RSN cryptographic tokens are not entitled to any guaranteed 
form of dividend, Holders of RSN tokens are only entitled to certain rights 
within the NPA. 

This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any 
sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation 
for investments in securities in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper is for 
information purposes only. The contents of this Whitepaper are not 
a financial promotion. Therefore, none of the contents of this Whitepaper 
serves as an invitation or inducement to engage in any sort of investment 
activity. Prospective acquirers of RSN tokens should carefully consider and 
evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with the cryptocurrencies, 
RSN Finance OÜ and their respective businesses and operations, the RSN 
tokens and the RSN Initial Coin Offering. Familiarize yourself with all the 
information set out in this Whitepaper, Risk Notice and the NPA prior to any 
purchase of RSN tokens. Ensure that you are aware of all of the would be 
risks prior to obtaining RSN. The Risk Statement details all potential risks 
that you should consider. We recommend that you seek out independent 
financial advice before engaging in any sort of business endeavour.

Legal Disclaimer 



3.

No regulatory authority has examined or approved any of the information set 
out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the 
laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, 
distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the 
applicable laws, regulatory requirements, or rules have been complied. 
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations 
and rules, RSN Finance OÜ and its affiliates and their respective officers, 
employees or agents will, in relation to the website and RSN tokens, not 
be liable for any damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, direct, 
consequential, incidental, special or indirect damages (including but not 
limited to lost profits, loss of revenue or third party loss whether foreseeable 
or otherwise, trading losses or damages that result from use or loss of use 
of the website and RSN Tokens).

For the avoidance of doubt, The Issuer expressly disclaims any and all 
responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind 
whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from: (i) reliance on any information 
contained in this document, (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such 
information, (iii) any action resulting therefrom, or (iv) usage or acquisition 
of products, available through the website. 

Some of the statements in the Whitepaper include forward-looking 
statements which reflect the Issuer’s current views with respect 
to execution roadmap, financial performance, business strategy 
and future plans, both with respect to the Issuer and the sectors 
and industries in which the Issuer operates. Statements which 
include the words “expects’’, “plans’’, “believes’’, “projects’’, 
“anticipates’’, “will’’, “aims’’, “may’’, “would’’, “could’’, “continue’’ 
and similar statements are of a future or forward-looking nature. All 
forward-looking statements address matters that involve risks and 
uncertainties.

Risk Statement 



4.

Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause 
the Issuer’s actual results to differ materially from those indicated 
in these statements. These factors include but are not limited to 
those described in the part of the NPA entitled “Risks’’, which 
should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements 
that are included in the NPA. Any forward-looking statements in the 
Whitepaper reflect the Issuer’s current views with respect to future 
events and are subject to these and other risks, uncertainties 
and assumptions relating to the Issuer’s operations, results of 
operations and growth strategy. These forward-looking statements 
speak only as of the date of the Whitepaper. Prospective buyers of 
the RSN tokens should specifically consider the factors identified 
in the Whitepaper and NPA which could cause actual results to 
differ before making a purchase decision. No statement in the 
Whitepaper is intended as a profit forecast and no statement in the 
Whitepaper should be interpreted to mean that the earnings of the 
Issuer for the current or future years would be as may be implied in 
this Whitepaper.



5.

At the beginning of the century, the number of Internet users passed the 
1 billion mark, and approached 4 billion in 2017. «Data explosion» is the 
best term to describe the amount of publications and news released all 
around the globe. The financial world is going through a period of rapid 
and dramatic changes that is hard to keep pace even for professional 
market players. There apear new technologies that transform conventional 
capital saving instruments, payment mechanisms, and insurance products. 
The government officials are discussing the paradigm shifts in the cross-
border transactions involving cryptocurrency. There is almost no time to 
make decision and the risk of an error due to insufficient analysis of a large 
amount of data is constantly growing.

The world is at a point where classical financial institutions give way to new 
tech projects putting premium on the end-user service convenience. The 
traditional bank customers go to new mobile financial institutions which 
managed to adapt and understand the current needs of modern consumers. 

Introduction



6.

The new generation chooses remote account opening and management 
possibilities over a visit to a classic bank branch. Loans and deposits moved 
online and now operate through P2P-platforms without any intermediaries. 

In the majority of the developed countries, the monetary policies are best 
characterized by ultra-low interest rates making people think about 
protecting their savings after realising that the bank deposit rates fail 
quite often to keep up with inflation. It becomes ever clearer that in order 
to  maintain the purchasing power of savings, people need to use the 
investment products extensively.

In light of the foregoing, a straightforward conclusion comes to mind — 
the desire to preserve and maximise wealth must be reinforced by specific 
actions. The major rule is to build a diversified investment portfolio. A modern 
fully-fledged diversified portfolio should include both the cryptocurrency 
and block-chain fund investments, as well as classic products like stocks, 
bonds and ETFs, whereas investment processes should take into account 
the current capital and money market trends based on the global economic 
environment dynamics.

data source: https://www.fxstreet.com/economic-calendar/world-interest-rates



Major Trends 

in the Financial 

Services Market



8.

Artificial Intelligence is used across many sectors of the economy — 
from agriculture and transportation to education and medicine. In 2016, 
the global investment volume in the development of AI-based technologies 
exceeded $26bn. USD. At the same time, the already launched projects are 
forecasted to exceed $2bn. USD in income in 2019.

AI (Artificial Intelligence)

In the financial sector, AI processes large amounts of data and helps 
make correct decisions before the competitors do. AI monitors social 
networks for event-driven strategies, assesses risks and builds investment 
portfolios depending on the market situation. The Artificial Intelligence also 
profiles customers of financial companies to increase sales and optimizes 
customer scoring to improve the credit portfolio quality. However, AI is not 
yet available for retail customers, though they need simple and effective 
investment advice. Development of an AI to be used in everyday financial 
activities will help allocate time and resources more effectively. By analysing 
a customer’s lifestyle and finding new consumer trends and patterns, AI will 
be able to evaluate the overall financial situation of the end user and raise 
his/her quality of life.

data source: https://www.tractica.com/research/#artificial-intelligence



9.

In the investment business, the transition from traditional trust management 
instruments to robo-advisory has been underway for more than two years. 
Since 2015 the robo-advisory market in Europe has been growing by 80-
100% every year, and as of the Autumn of 2017, the volume of assets under 
management reached $8.5 bn. According to forecasts, in the next four years 
it will grow six-fold and will amount to $51 bn. For reference, in the USA, the 
assets managed by the five largest robo-advisory companies (for example, 
Betterment, Wealthfront, Vanguard) exceeded $73 bn. in 2017.

Investments

Assets under Management, Absolute

in
 m

ill
io

n 
U

S$

60,000

50,000

40,000

30,000

20,000

10,000

2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021

2,205
4,323

8,488

15,359

25,140

37,442

51,328

37

User, Absolute

in
 m

ill
io

n 
U

S$

3.00

2.50

2.00

1.50

1.00

0.50

0
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021

0, 2
0. 3

0. 5

1. 4

2. 0

2. 5

0. 9

In 2017, the number of robo-
advisory users in Europe totals 
500,000 and is forecasted to 
reach 2.5 mm. by 2021

Source: Statista, May 2017; Selected region only includes countries listed in the Digital Market Outlook

Source: Statista, May 2017; Selected region only includes countries listed in the Digital Market Outlook



10.

Cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology came into common use and 
became the mainstream of the century. While global economic models 
elaborate possible application of new assets, the possibility to invest 
in blockchain projects developing entirely new solutions for everyday life 
came to the fore for end users.

As of September 2017, the total cryptocurrency capitalization exceeded 
$100 bn., and, according to the latest research, the number of unique 
Bitcoin purses ranges from $5.8 to $11.5 mm. 

The number of daily Bitcoin transactions grew from 6,000 in January 2012, 
to 295,000 in October 2017. 

However, the number of companies in the market that provide quick and 
secure methods for working with cryptocurrencies is still too small. After 
attacks on Mt. GOX, BTC-e and The DAO, the focus of users’ attention is 
gradually moving towards regulated platforms ensuring overall safety and 
adequate protection for their assets.

Blockchain and cryptocurrencies

400,000

350,000

300,000

250,000

200,000

150,000

100,000

50,000

Confirmed Transactions Per Day
The number of daily confirmed Bitcoin transactions.
Source: blockchain.info

Tr
an

sa
ct

io
ns

2015/02/27 03:00
Transactions: 103,395



11.

The latest few years have clearly demonstrated transition from traditional 
to virtual banking. Consumers demand comfort and simplicity: a bank 
becomes just an instrument in the hands of the user. 

More and more customers prefer to use online-services: open an account 
without visiting a bank, issue a virtual card instead of a physical one, 
and  buy some coffee using Apple Pay just an hour later. The number 
of  online-banking users among customers of traditional banking 
institutions in Europe increased from 25 to 53% during the last ten years. 
Furthermore, the number of digital bank customers grows at a much faster 
rate, mainly due to automation of account opening processes, low fees and 
user-friendly applications. Neo banks work without any physical presence 
in the cities, which speeds up entry into new markets and additionally 
provides much higher return on invested capital. 

Simplified Banking



12.

The market of P2P insurance already insures real estate property, motor 
vehicles and air flights. Such service was first provided in 2010 in Germany, 
and as of September 2017 similar projects were launched in the USA, 
Australia, the Czech Republic and the UK. After launching smart contracts 
this industry will develop much faster and will increase turnovers. 

P2P loans may cut the costs down for creditors and increase profits for 
investors. The number of users in Europe in 2012 amounted to 600 thousand 
people, and by the end of 2017 it will exceed 3 million. Implementation 
of  PSD2 directive provides vast opportunities for developing P2P lending 
(loan granting independent of the banks). Consolidation of user’s financial 
flows on a single platform will allow analyzing the capabilities of a borrower 
and assigning an appropriate risk-profile.

P2P —  Decentralized Transactions

User

in
 m

ill
io

n 
U

S$

4.0 0

3.00

2.00

1.00

0
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021

0. 2
0. 4

0. 6

1. 0

1. 6

2. 3

3. 2

Source: Statista, May 2017; Selected region only includes countries listed in the Digital Market Outlook



13.

The crypto-currency market has long existed without any regulatory 
framework and its participants entered into transactions based on the priciple 
of contract freedom, however, its exponentially growing capitalization drew 
the attention of regulators around the world. Currently one of the most 
loyal regions for crypto-currencies is Europe, especially Swiss Zug, known 
today as Crypto Valley, owing to the government supported Crypto Valley 
Association. Zug became the first city that accepted bitcoins as a means of 
payment for utilities in May 2016.

In April 2017 the cryptocurrency became a recognized means of payment 
in Japan. The Japanese Financial Services Agency (FSA) was nominated 
responsible for the digital currency regulation and started registration of 
operators exchanging cryptocurrency for fiat money. As of September 
2017 the agency received over 50 applications from the cryptocurrency 
exchanges.

Not all financial regulators are so optimistic about the blockchain 
technology. The Chinese authorities banned ICOs in early September 2017 
and the press followed with the reports on the local exchange closures 
and the external pool mining ban. Earlier, the US Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) stated in its report that, under certain conditions, 
the issuance and sale of tokens falls under the securities market legislation.

However, regulatory authorities in a number of countries are determined 
to  create a legal framework balancing the need to protect the investor 
interests with the possibility of developing the increasingly promising 
blockchain field.

Judging by the current trends, the first laws that can effectively regulate the 
cryptocurrencies and ICO will be adopted within a few of months. Thus the 
governments of the Gibraltar and the Isle of Man have already announced 
the end of drafting process by late 2017. They will shortly present their 
regulatory projects in Switzerland and Luxembourg.

Crypto-currency 
market 
regulation



Main Problems 

that Investors 

are Facing



15.

Low penetration of legally regulated platforms

Blockchain technology promotes decentralization and lack of control 
by the regulating authorities. However, in most cases, it does not offer any 
clear legal mechanisms to protect the user’s property interests, whereas 
working with an unlicensed exchange or fund significantly increases the 
risk of losing assets.

A large variety of investment 
tools and errors in risk assessment

The world is changing rapidly. Because of daily routine a person does 
not have enough time to evaluate new investment products, especially 
cryptocurrencies. Partial or inaccurate financial analysis leads to risk 
assessment mistakes resulting in a complete or partial loss of investment.

High speed of finance sphere 
development, introduction of new 
investment tools and global trends 
i of the finance services market causes 
a number of problems for common 
investors



16.

Lack of unified integrated platform for building portfolio 
from different types of investment instruments

The investment portfolio of different instruments implies the use of several 
platforms — one for trading shares, another for crypto-currency trading, 
the third one, for example, for structural notes, etc. Each of these platforms 
will require you to undergo their KYC and AML procedures and gain access 
to a respective personal cabinet. Spreading the financial instruments across 
different platforms complicates the analysis and makes it harder to navigate 
your own investment assets.

Difficulties in understanding state of your 
own finance at a given point of time

The situation is similar with the banks — a customer cannot quickly 
determine at which bank and what amount of money he has at the given 
moment. Due to a large number of offers, a customer usually uses two or 
three banks: one for settling mortgages at a better rate, the second for a co-
branded credit card with travel bonuses, and the third bank for paying public 
utilities with no fee charged and exchange currency at the best market 
rate. The customer also needs to keep track of his monthly spendings in 
restaurants and understand how much he can save by refinancing a credit 
card in another bank. But All of the above challenges require a complex 
solution targeting both a broad functionality, based on the state-of-the-art 
financial and technological developments as well as maximized simplicity 
and a comfortable user experience. Moreover, the solution should function 
strictly within the financial sector’s legal framework to ensure the utmost 
investor protection and safety of their assets. A brief market study indicated 
to the advanced European legal framework regulating the cryptocurrency 
transactions with a relatively low penetration of mobile financial institutions 
and robotised capital management solutions in the region. This combination 
allows us to consider Western Europe as a product development platform, 
which, after making allowance for a number of functional parameters, will 
be able to take the leading position in the global market.

The following items should become the product development and roll-out 
basis.

this requires additional effort and collection of statistics from all the cards 
and accounts. 



17.

Framework Approach 
to Problem Solving 
and Evaluation 
of Promising Markets
All of the above challenges require a complex solution targeting both a broad 
functionality, based on the state-of-the-art financial and technological 
developments as well as maximized simplicity and a comfortable user 
experience. Moreover, the solution should function strictly within the 
financial sector’s legal framework to ensure the utmost investor protection 
and safety of their assets. A brief market study indicated to the advanced 
European legal framework regulating the cryptocurrency transactions with 
a relatively low penetration of mobile financial institutions and robotised 
capital management solutions in the region. This combination allows us 
to  consider Western Europe as a product development platform, which, 
after making allowance for a number of functional parameters, will be able 
to take the leading position in the global market.

The following items should become the product development and roll-out 
basis.

The application should use the AI solutions to raise the investment 
efficiency. To offer the most suitable investment products and advice, 
the  financial product should be fully based on the machine-learning 
algorithms analyzing big data and individual financial profiles of the users.

Latest developments in the decision-making automation1.



18.

Consolidation of financial information within a single application to enhance 
the user experience raise the financial position evaluation efficiency 
and enable the use of complex analytics in the search for opportunities. 
A single platform saves time and brings down the number of KYC and AML 
procedures when opening accounts with different financial institutions and 
trading platforms.

The platform should be based strictly on the regulated financial infrastructure, 
which guarantees compliance with the legislative framework aimed at 
ensuring the protection of the customers’ assets and safety of their capital.

AI should offer the most up-to-date investment ideas tailored to a particular 
customer by analyzing their day-to-day transactions and applying the data 
for further risk profiling.

Throughout its operation, the platform should be continuously improved 
using the most advanced solutions. The technologies should be kept up-
to-date and rolled-out solutions constantly updated.

As of today, there is a number of new products in the market making 
their mission to pool the traditional financial products and cryptocurrency 
instruments. However, a more thorough analysis shows that the platform 
built upon the above-mentioned functional parameters will stand out 
in the competitive field against the existing and emerging market players.

A single platform pooling a variety of financial data

Maximized safety of savings and protection 
of the customer’s interests

Decision-making efficiency 

Continuous adaptation to new technologies and trends 

2.

3.

4.

5.



19.

AI-based consulting 
(deeply integrated 
AI advisory) 

Cryptocurrency transactions

Investments in cryptocurrency 
funds 

Investments in conventional 
instruments 

Functioning within the regulated 
environment

Comprehensive financial analysis 
of the user

Financial platform for 
a day-to-day life 

Platform for financial institutions 
(umbrella services)

Access to ICOs on partnering platforms 
with the same user account 

RAISON Bankera Change bank Cryptopay

Ultimately, we have formulated a clear-cut goal for the new platform — 
to make a person’s life easier when working with crypto-currencies and 
conventional investment products and raise the customers’ living standards 
by efficiently handling their finances.



20.

Product Description
RAISON is the platform for handling the investments and personal finance, 
which employs the Artificial Intelligence algorithms and offers simplicity, 
enhanced usability and wide investment opportunities, among other 
things, in the blockchain-related products. The platform allows analyzing 
your own financial situation and using the application in everyday life — 
for example, to pay for shopping with bitcoins using virtual Apple Pay card 
or jointly settle bills for lunch. We have integrated all financial environments 
of a customer into a single app. 

Five functional app levels were identified during the road-mapping process.



Investments

Advisory

custody 
servcies

transfer 
&payments

everyday 
life

Blockchain

Blockchain&FIAT

Cryptocurrencies funds, Mining funds, 
ICO funds

Umbrella services for professional 
in blockchain

Ai-advisory for cryptocurrencies and 
funds

Advisory for ICO

Financial rating

Bitcoin and altcoins majors

Tokens

Cryptocurrencies transfer

Payments in crypto by cards

Remote onboarding

Debit and credit cards

Fast and cheap FX exchanges

Split bills

Fiat

P2P insurance and lending

Equity, ETF, Bonds, structured notes 
for retail

Advisory of your financial health from 
ALL accounts

Recommendation for optimization your 
financial life

Financial rating

Current accounts in EUR, USD, etc

Investment assets accounts

Sepa-transfers, Wire

Apple Pay, Android Pay, Samsung Pay

Card-to-card payments

Abroad payments with real exchange 
rates



The platform 

includes five levels, 

each offering its own 

functionality both 

for fiat environment 

and blockchain 

economy:



23.

Investment
Blockchain module is a platform for placement of funds, which invests 
in all areas related to blockchain technology. At this platform, we will collect 
reliable funds which provide preservation of capital and high yield. Many 
projects in the realm of blockchain suppose the initial creation of a pyramid 
but we intend to provide our customers with the possibility of making 
money on the technology and protect their capital at the same time.

In this module we also provided for the creation of infrastructure for 
cryptocurrency managers (Buy-and-hold portfolios, arbitration strategies, 
participation in ICOs) who then will be able to use our service to prove their 
professional competence during independent monthly asset evaluation 
and receive additional investments based on stable management results.

Fiat money module is needed for an investment portfolio preparation. 
You may also raise money on shares in companies that participate in the 
development of equipment/technology for the blockchain environment.

The general partner of the project is also working to introduce to the retail 
market such professional products as structural notes and bonds. These 
products are primarily traded starting from $100,000 (euro bonds) and 
higher (e.g. $ 300,000 for structured notes). High prices prevent ordinary 
customers from earning several times the bank deposit yields and that 
is exactly what we are going to address. The plan is to integrate relevant 
functionality into the Raison platform.

You can either rely on the AI-advisory assistance as a part of the investment 
platform experience or work independently, using only the order execution 
and asset storage functions.

Another investment level component is P2P loans which replace the 
bank deposits and offer an opportunity to earn stable interest based on 
the counterparty’s risk profile. By using the full financial picture of  the 
borrower, the P2P platform professionally evaluates its lifestyle based on 
the frequency and amount of cash receipts, their purpose and spending 
efficiency. Initially, the cost groups are defined by MCC codes and 
further  — based on grouping similar transactions by other users of the 
platform. As a result, the user is assigned a credit rating which defines the 
recommended minimum loan rate. 



24.

Advisory
First of all, the Advisory block allows evaluation of the general financial 
position of the customer and assigns them a corresponding score. This is 
driven by the PSD2 directive which will be legalized in Europe in 2018 and 
allows parsing of financial data from the third-party financial institutions.

How will this benefit the end-user?

First of all, they will gain access to comprehensive analytics from all their 
operations (including cash which may be introduced manually) on a single 
platform. The users will see their balances, history of account transactions, 
credit and debit cards, and mortgage brought together from different banks 
into a single application.

Second, by analysing the entirety of data, the AI will offer customers 
to improve their financial position by, for example:

• transferring a low-yielding deposit to bond ETFs;

• refinancing the mortgage at a partnering bank;

• obtaining a credit card on better terms;

• bringing down the restaurant expenses (if the spending exceeds a certain 
percentage of income) and using the food delivery service at a discount;

• in case of considerable transport expenses, offering the apartment rent 
options closer to the office.

Advisory for cryptocurrencies. Based on technical indicators, 
recommendations for building the cryptocurrency portfolio will be 
updated on a daily basis. Depending on a customer’s risk profile, he/
she will receive either a combination of traditional instruments (equity, 
ETF) and cryptocurrency instruments, or the offer to purchase diversified 
cryptocurrency fund directly, with partial investment in a dedicated fund 
for mining.

Our team will daily analyze ICO and collect statistics for the most popular 
projects.



25.

Custody services
The unified platform will allow a customer to store both blockchain assets 
and fiat money on a multi-currency account.

Transfer 
and payments
Integration with Apple Pay, Samsung Pay and other systems is the priority 
task of RAISON.

Blockchain. For the crypto-community members who don’t keep their 
assets in fiat, we offer the possibility to link a card to any cryptocurrency 
as the main currency of the account.  

For fiat money users our platform provides the whole range of services, 
including payment via SEPA system, bank (wire) transfers and transfers 
from one card to another (card-to-card payments).

Everyday life
When using our platform, you don’t need to worry about safety of your 
assets, and we will also help you save some time:

• Compliance passing procedure won’t require your physical presence at 
the office – remote onboarding allows accepting a customer and assigning 
him/her IBAN in just six minutes.



26.

• To make an investment in a mining fund, you won’t need to change 
cryptocurrency and will be able to pay for shares with bitcoin.

• You don’t need to get a physical card to pay for your shopping — just link 
Apple Pay to a virtual card and use it with no unnecessary delays. 

• In order to receive money for coffee from your colleague you just need 
to get a bill and send him a notification.

We will make 
a user’s life easier 
and provide him 
or her with more 
options



Why will 

this work



28.

The project of creation of the investment platform is based on the existing 
platform of Threesixty Elements S.A. managing company. Experience 
in investments, possessed by the team of Threesixty Elements, became 
the foundation for building a successful company and expansion 
in the blockchain area. 

Presently, the  Threesixty Elements team successfully cooperates 
in  the  investment business with various financial institutions: Interactive 
Brokers, INTL FC STONE, Swissquote, each being the best in its focus area 
and providing direct access to exchange markets on the most advantageous 
terms.

Today, our own IT-platform allows:

• Users — to monitor transactions, keep track of personal investment assets 
and its value on the reporting date, dynamics of base assets consisting 
of structured notes. Within our mining fund we provide our customers with 
the information reflecting the total power of miners and currencies on all 
purses in real time.

• Personnel — to receive automatically generated contracts for customers, 
rapidly conduct compliance procedures, monitor progress in plan 
performance, work effectively with information and avoid communication 
problems.

• Managers — to calculate remuneration for agents and issue invoices to 
the accounting program for automated payment.

Threesixty Elements S.A. manages two funds basically investing 
in  cryptocurrency instruments and technology-related operating 
businesses. Thus, in 2017, the company launched a mining fund targeting 
cash investments in the blockchain infrastructure and creation of GPU 
servers.

Wide experience with the regulators in various countries and establishment 
of funds allows us to receive all licenses necessary for the legal operation. 
As part of the project implementation, in February 2018, we will submit 
an application to CSSF in Luxembourg to receive the Electronic Money 
Institution license. This license will enable us to open customer accounts 
and assign them an IBAN, but requires the presence of a primary bank, in 
which the assets should be stored (as of now, we have already conducted 
negotiations with the local PwC office). Before the end of 2017, we will also 
apply for a license for a mifid Investment Firm. Also, gaining access to the 
financial data via PSD2 protocol requires an authorisation. These licenses 
will allow us to accelerate the launch of the final product. In February 
2019, we will start working to obtain a comprehensive bank license which 
provides for the ability to receive deposits and grant loans.



29.

Forecasting and Building 
Portfolios Using Machine-
Learning

At this point in time, we use a list of assets from the top 1000 shares of the US 
and EU markets (based on capitalization) and the top 30 cryptocurrencies 
by market volume. For each analyzed asset, we create a matrix of channels 
with the time steps based on the exchange rate fluctuations for a day, 
a week and a month for the last half of the company’s life, but not more than 
5 years. In addition to the exchange rate, we also incorporate such indicators 
as Revenue, Revenue per share, Gross profit, EBITDA, total cash, total debt, 
debt / equity, P/E (price / earnings ratio), P/S (Price / sales ratio), Market 
Cap, Trade Daily Volume, Avg. yearly trade Daily volume, forward dividend 
yield, 52-week (low-high), EPS, Beta, and  5-Year Average Dividend Yield. 
The forecasting will also benefit from the analysis of the influence factors 
derived from the aggregated news and social media content — references 
grouped by frequency, emotional colouring and semantics.

After preliminary processing and normalization of the input data, we obtain 
a three-dimensional matrix containing data on all the researched assets 
allowing us to look at the general market condition and identify correlations 
between individual assets in the future. During the main data processing 
stage, we apply the combination of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) 
and Max Pooling Layer to each data channel going through several 
iterations in order to reduce the incoming data dimensionality and isolate 
the characteristics of higher orders. CNN not only proved itself as a network 
for image classification, but also for processing time series. We collect 
all intermediary results in the Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) network 
to obtain the forecasting results for the current time window. This network 
is a variety of a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) applied for processing 
sequences. All these operations are repeated multiple times with a fixed 
step-wise time shift to obtain the forecast results for a given period of time 
across all assets.

As of today, we forecast 1 year ahead, therefore the data processing time 
window is from -1 year to +1 year from the given moment. The system will 
probably be changed during the RND process into a sequential comparison 
of two time windows year-over-year to identify annual cycles and improve 
the long-term forecast accuracy.



30.

During the last stage of building the portfolios, we select only a portion 
of assets from the initial list based on the manually generated investment 
model and group the assets according to their risk profile assigned by the 
system operator. The actual decision-making on the portfolio formation 
and asset selection is done using Markov Decision Processes (MDPs) and 
Reinforcement Learning (RL). MDPs have already found a wide application 
in the decision-making modeling in situations where results are partially 
accidental and partially under the control of the decision-maker. The 
combination of MDPs and RL will significantly speed up training and achieve 
a more stable result over time.

Diagram



Asset under research 
Data channel

Stock price, News and Social Media trands, Revenue, Revenue per share, 
Gross profit, EBITDA, total cash, total debt, debt/equity, Operating Cash 
Flow, P/E (price/earnings ratio), P/S (Price/sales ratio), Market Cap, Trade 
Daily Volume, Avg. yearly trade Daily volume, forward dividend yield, 52 
week (low-high), EPS, Beta, 5 Year Average Dividend Yield.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

Evolutionary model of network parameters selection

CNN

A1
A2

A3

$

CNN CNN

Max Pooling Max Pooling

LSTM

Max Pooling

To each channel separately. The number of convolution iterations 
depends on the channel step.

We apply it with a shift in the time scale to obtain predictions for a 
given period.

The obtained prediction data for a filtered list of assets

The process of decision making of portfolio management
(on based MPDs + RL)

Assets allocation based on forecasting results



32.

Board

Andrey Berezin
Global Head of Investment 
Strategies

He has been in the 
Investment Business 
since 2009 and has much 
experience in investment 
strategies including 
Swifttrade, Real Estate Fund, 
Element US IPO I Fund 
and Threesixty Elements 
as a managing director.

Alexander Zaytsev 
Global Head of Corporate 
Strategy

More than 10 years 
experience in investment 
business, research and 
management consulting 
including Finam, QBF 
Investment, Federal State 
Enterprise Scientific 
Institute «Planning.
Economy.Management», 
Institute for Regional Policy, 
Moscow Confederation 
of Industrialists and 
Entrepreneurs.

Andrey Kononykhin  
Global Head of Product 
Management

More than 15 years 
in Internet products 
design and development. 
Ph.D. in computer 
science.  Ex head 
of Digital Distribution at 
Mail.Ru Group (2010-
2014). Co-founder and 
Chief Products Officer at 
NetBox (2014-now).

Nikolay Kondratov 
Global Head of IT Services 
and Development

More than 10 years 
experience in highload 
scalable web-applications 
and services. Head of 
e-mail service development 
team in Mail.Ru Group in 
2008 - 2012. Currently CTO 
at NetBox.

Alexey Martynov 
Chief Technology 
Officer

Data science expert. More 
than 10 years participate 
in large scale integration 
projects and AI-based 
development. Working 
early on IT, Netrika and 
other companies. For the 
last 3 years engaged 
in R&D activities as CTO 
in Intelligent Systems 
(at ITMO University).



33.

Andrey Gordeychuk
Chief Information 
Officer

Started in 2009 in 
Quehenberger Logistics 
as IT project manager. 
Large experience in IT 
services including 
highload scalable 
projects. For the last 
3 years engaged in 
R&D activities as CIO 
in Intelligent Systems 
(at ITMO University).

Elena Romanova 
Global Head 
of Compliance

More than 6-year 
experience in banking 
including SMP Bank 
as a director of retail 
operations.

Waldemar Karcher
Global Head of Business 
Operations

10 years of international 
sales and project 
management in european 
manufacturing companies. 
Large experience in team 
management, negotiations 
with key customers.

Evgeny Lamekhov 
Global Head 
of Marketing

More than 15 years 
experience in Internet 
Marketing. Ex Head of 
Marketing at Nikita Online. 
Ex Head of Web Products 
at TNT Television Network. 
Currently Chief Marketing 
Officer at NetBox.

Viktor Mishin
Head of Relocation and 
Following strategies

Started in 2008 as a trader 
in Swifttrade. Large 
experience in trading and 
business development 
at world markets including 
DMA Brokers, Devado 
Management, Huho Labs.

Kirill Kovalenko
Head of Multi-Asset 
Strategies, Structured 
Products

Started in 2001 in 
Bank of New Zealand. 
A large trading and 
asset management 
experience in investment 
banking including ICAP 
Financial Services, HSBC, 
Promsvyazbank, Trust 
Bank, Piccadilly Asset 
Management.

Executive Team



34.

Oleg Berezin  
Chief Marketing 
Officer

More than 4 years in social 
media management. 
Specializes in marketing 
and strategic planning. 
Worked for Pwc, SPN 
Communications and Viber.

Anton Stepanov 
Team Lead

More than 5 years 
experience in highload 
scalable projects. 
Developed for the state 
institutions of the Russian 
Federation.

Alexander Vinogradov 
Head of Option Strategies 
and Trading

More than 20 year 
of experience in banking, 
started in 1994 with the 
Central Bank of Russian 
Federation, moved 
to corporate banking 
where worked on positions 
of dealing officer, head 
of stock exchange 
department, and currency 
department.

Vladimir Shabanov 
Global Head 
of Technology

Started in 2010 in RU-
Center Group as national 
domains manager. Large 
experience in computer 
technologies including 
Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, 
Saint Gobain (as a system 
officer) and Private Equity 
Fund.

Sergey Kononykhin
Chief Operations Officer

More than 7 years 
experience of financial 
infrastructure development 
in large Internet projects 
and services. Took up the 
position of Chief Financial 
Officer at NetBox since 
2012.

Artem Kuznetsov  
Computer Systems 
Architect

Participant of the I-III All-
Russian Congresses of 
Young Scientists (2012-
2014). Author of scientific 
publications on Scopus. 
Laureate of state prizes in 
the information technology. 
Last few years, he has 
been actively involved 
in the R&D of IoT and 
machine learning.



35.

Denis Zhuk  
Chief Data Officer

Data science expert. 
Author of scientific 
publications on 
Web Science and 
Scopus. Laureate 
of state prizes 
in the information 
technology. Leads 
the block of programs 
«Architecture of 
Information Systems» 
at ITMO University. 
Last few years, R&D 
activities as CDO 
in Intelligent Systems 
(at ITMO University).

Aleksandra Stroganova  
Head of Business 
Development

8 years in international 
trading in MSC 
Mediterranean Shipping 
Company working as team 
leader and a manager of 
international sales. Large 
experience in international 
logistics, shipping and 
negotiations.    



36.

Program Partners 
and Participants 

Threesixty Elements S.A. is an investment management firm registered with 
the US Securities and Exchange Commission as a registered investment 
advisor, authorised by the BVI Financial Services Commission as an 
approved investment manager.

IIS is a research organization at the ITMO University (Russia’s leading 
national research university in the field of IT).
Key areas of research and development:
- Machine Learning (ML);
- Big Data;
- Internet of Things (IoT)

National Research University of Information Technologies, Mechanics 
and Optics (ITMO) is the leader in the field of information and photon 
technologies in Russia and one of the few academic institutions 
in Russia that was awarded the status of a national research university 
in 2009. Since 2013, ITMO has been taking part in the program to raise 
the competitiveness of Russian universities among the world’s leading 
research and educational centers known as Project 5-100. This gives the 
university an opportunity to provide the most comfortable conditions for 
Russian and foreign students and professors, create a unique environment 
for science development and training world-class professionals.

AKIL.IO ERP — provide IT support with possibilities of artificial intelligence 
for business. Оptimize for software development cycle up to 80%. Build 
software based on natural language task. Automatic deploy and scale 
on virtual and dedicated servers from any providers. Reduce cost for create 
and support software. 



37.

Ambisafe, a pioneer in the crypto industry, have been developing
products and services in this field since 2010. They created the world’s 
first platform for ICOs development and the first wallet, capable of storing 
several crypto currencies simultaneously.
The most successful ICO projects are: TaaS, Polibius, Propy.

GSL Law and Consulting — a fast-growing company started in 1999 
rendering tax, law, audit and consulting services in Europe, USA, Asia and 
Russia. GSL is a team of more than 100 professionals working in 6 offices: 
3  offices in Europe (Netherlands, UK and Cyprus), an office in the 
Caribbean —  in the British Virgin Islands, an office in SAR Hong Kong and 
the head office in Moscow, Russia. 

NetBox — a leading company at Russian digital software distribution 
market. The company operates since 2012 distributing products of top 
Russian internet services (Yandex, Mail.Ru Group, Opera Software, etc). 
NetBox Ltd. designs its own solutions in desktop software (web browsers 
and utilities).

ArtQuant Ltd. is a company providing innovative solutions in the FinTech 
and InvestTech industries. The project focuses on using the latest 
achievements in the field of intellectual data analysis and AI methods 
to  create technologies facilitating the work of global stock market 
participants.

PINKMAN studio stands for creation of brand and digital solutions. We wrap 
up the brand and then develop and promote it in the digital environment.



38.

Financial Model 
of the Project 

A 4-year financial model was created for the project to evaluate its prospects. 
The market forecast showed the number of users reaching 1 million people 
in Q4 2021. To forecast and estimate the future financial flows, we have 
identified the following parameters:

1. General average annual AUM under robot-advisory management in 
Europe. According to statista.com, in 2017, the average amount of 
funds held by a single investor using such services is about 14,000 
EUR, with the total number of such investors reaching 500,000 people.

2. Average monthly POS payments in Europe. According to www.
paymentcardyearbooks.com, the monthly volume of such transactions 
per user is about 430 EUR.

3. Average monthly volume of mobile payments (including NFC payments) 
in Europe. According to statista.com, one user spends about 180 EUR 
per month on the corresponding transactions.

4. The forecasted average monthly volume of assets stored in 
cryptocurrency is about 4300 EUR per user; minimum average 
monthly trading volume — a quarter of the total volume of crypto-
currency assets.

5. Sale of financial derivatives — about 1400 EUR per month per user on 
average.

6. Provision of funds and assets for margin lending in transactions with 
conventional financial instruments and cryptocurrencies — about 
50% and 10% of AUM volume or turnover, respectively.



39.

RAISON earns from the following sources:

1. Advisory service commission will be 0.25% of the portfolio, which is 
currently close to the lowest limit of the service fee.

2. As of October 2017, the commission for exchanging the cryptocurrency 
for fiat money or back is more than 1%, but the growing number of 
new players will drive it down, so we limit this figure to 0.3% of the 
transaction value.

3. Our team is planning to actively work with structural notes which ensure 
high yields for customers with low issuer risks. Selling one structural 
note entitles the agent (RAISON) to a 1% fee.

4. The customers are provided with the security for margin lending at 
2.5% (equity, bonds), which can generate a 1.2% income in case of 
refinancing. In case of margin lending for the top-5 cryptocurrency, the 
income will total 5%.

5. After obtaining a banking license, the updated bank cards will generate 
1-1.5% of the purchase turnover for the bank.

6. A portion of collected funds, but not more than 20 million EUR, will be 
equally distributed between the Element ONE and Element Blockchain 
Mining and Research Investment funds with an average current yield of 
about 40% per annum, which will also form the revenue stream with the 
additional coupon yields. In the second quarter of 2020, these funds 
will be converted into EUR and transferred to the account of the future 
bank to ensure its licensing.

Revenue side of the financial 
plan by year



40.

Total customers

All in EUR

POS terminals payments, monthly 
average*

Digital payments, monthly average**

AI investment advisory, monthly average 
AUM***, including growth 7,5% p.a

сryptocurrencies custody, monthly 
average AUM****, including growth 
30% p.a

сryptocurrencies exchange turnover, 
monthly average AUM****, 
conservative

structured products sales, monthly 
average ****, including growth 10% p.a

margin value (securities)

margin value (crypto)

Revenue

Advisory fees p.a.

сryptocurrencies exchange fees

structured notes reoffer fees

transaction fees

Interest on margin (securities), p.a.

Interest on margin (crypto assets), p.a.

Total Operational Revenue

Development Fund Returns, 
forecast yield p.a =

Totall Revenue

428,2 

182,6

14 041,1 

4 267,1 
 

1 066,8 
 

1 422,4 

50%

10%

Revenue

0,25%

0,30%

1,00%

1,10%

1,20%

5,00%

40%

20 000

41 103 680,0 

17 529  013,6

296 659 456,1 

104 543 835,4 
 

34 136 762,6 
 

48 395 972,8 

148 329 728,0

16 246 965,4

Revenue

294 184,7

102410,3

305 808,5

706 043,3

203 087,1

1 611 533,9

9 515 700,0 

11 127 234,0

2018

200 000

603 710 300,0 

257 457 387,3

3 177 772 060,9 

1 301 464 073,0 
 

501 383 700,3 
 

770 210 705,5 

1 588 886 030,4

292 082 674,7

Revenue

4 596 410,3

1 504 151,1

3 036 749,5

11 031 384,7

3 651 033,4

23 819 729,0

8 916 298,0 

32 736 026,0

2019

450 000

1 734 061 500,0 

739 505 261,3

7 625 136 512,0 

3 504 352 032,7 
 

1 440 144 671,0 
 

2 387 795 423,6 

3 812 568 256,0

996 900 144,5

Revenue

14 016 660,8

4 320 434,0

4 818 261,8

22 170 487,3

33 639 986,0

12 461 251,8

91 427 081,8

2 473 730,0 

93 900 812,0

2020

1 000 000

3 981 919 000,0 

1 698 123 192,5

18 000 635 304,3 

9 067 577 558,0 
 

3 306 998 874,1 
 

5 924 150 671,2 

9 000 317 652,1

2 686 136 504,8

Revenue

34 232 799,5

9 920 996,6

11 396 700,4

62 480 464,1

82 158 718,7

33 576 706,3

233 766 385,6

0,0

 
251 666 886,0

2021

The main expenditure items for RAISON will be the operating costs, namely 
licensing, office rent, personnel and IT development. A more detailed 
breakdown is provided in the full financial model, which is available 
separately.

The token value increase will be due to the growing capitalization of the 
financial institution and coupon yields. Comparative analysis of the neo-
banking industry lead us to the conclusion that the financial institution 
assessment depends on a coefficient calculated based on the 500 EUR 
per user parameter.

A more detailed description of the 
return on investment for token holders 
is available in the Token Price and 
Financial Parameters section.

*EU data, www.
paymentcardyearbooks.com, 2017 
based on CAGR to 2015 data
**EU data, based on Statista 
research, multiplied by USD/EUR 
2017 average
***EU robo-advisory Statista 
research data, multiplied by USD/EUR 
2017 average
**** forecast



41.

Development 
Roadmap

November 2014 – January 2015
Launch of private funds Element US IPO I and Element Incubator.

October 2015
Receipt of authorization in Financial Services Commission 
of British Virgin Islands by the managing company as approved 
investment manager.

 
February 2016
Licensing in the US Securities and Exchange Commission 
as investment advisor.

December 2016
Reaching a turnover of about $15 mln. as part of formation of 
investment strategy and distribution of structured notes in 2016.

August 2017 
Launch of Blockchain Mining and Research Investment mining 
fund.

September 2017
Submission of application for authorization of the managing 
company in Swiss regulator FINMA.
Blockchain Mining and Research Investment fund registered 
as the resident of CRYPTO VALLEY in Switzerland.



42.

November 2017
Launch of registration process of Investment firm (MiFID).

December 2017 — February 2018
Carrying out a crowd-funding campaign with distribution of RSN tokens.

April 2018
Launch of a local office in Europe (Luxembourg, Estonia).
Submission of documents for the Electronic Money Institution license.

May 2018
The first product version with the ability to aggregate personal financial 
data on a single platform and offer recommendations on how to improve 
the financial efficiency using AI.

August 2018
Receipt of all permits from the regulatory authorities, ensuring the 
possibility of buying investment products and cryptocurrency. Card 
product issuing.

September 2018
Launch of AI trading advisory.

December 2018 
Launch of P2P Lending platform.

February 2019 
Application for a banking license.

December 2019
Launch of P2P Insurance.



43.

ICO will take place on the decentralized Orderbook exchange between 
December 7, 2017 and February 28, 2018. Tokens will be allocated on the 
decentralised exchange Orderbook as following: 
 1. From 7th December until 21st December, a maximum of 200 000 tokens 
should be sold.
 2. From 1st February until 28st February, a maximum of 3 800 000 tokens 
should be sold.

The RSN token will be sold for both the cryptocurrency and fiat money. 
Instructions for acquiring the tokens will be available closer to the start of 
sales. Details for the cryptocurrency participation will be announced shortly. 
You can also contact us for more information on fiat purchases at front@
elements.vi. 

The Token is a convertible note issued for partial co-financing of the project. 
Possession of the token gives the right to receive a quarterly coupon with 
a floating rate, calculated from the proceeds generated by the project. For 
calculating the rate of the coupon, a special formula is used, that includes 
the following variables: the number of users, the amount of net profit and 
the current stage of the project.

The release of the token is carried out by RSN Finance OÜ, an Estonian 
limited liability company, registration code 14369967, Roosikrantsi 2-K088, 
Tallinn, Estonia, 10119. According to Chapter I of Article 1 paragraph 2 (b) of 
EU Directive 2003/71 / EC, the total volume of up to 2,500,000 euros does 
not fall under the requirements of the relevant directive. The second stage 
of the proposal will take place within the framework of the EU Directive 
2003/71 / EC with the disclosure of the prospectus and its approval by the 
regulatory authorities. The transfer of the token is made after the adoption 
of the Agreement for the purchase of a convertible note between the holder 
and the issuer.

Crowdfunding
Token and Distribution Process 
Description

TOKEN RAISON

TOKEN Ticker — RSN



44.

The RSN token offering/purchasing is forbidden to PRC citizens by default. 
In the framework of the allocation of the first tokens issue with a total volume 
of 200,000 for an amount not exceeding 1,500,000 euros, the issuer may 
be exempt from publication of the prospectus for investors, because:

- for residents of the European Union, tokens with a total value of not more 
than 1,000,000 euros are available for the public offering.

- in the US, the offer is available only for accredited investors. We also 
have the right to use Rule 506 (b), which allows exemption from providing 
specific information to potential investors, if the rules for combating fraud 
are not violated.

- for Singapore residents, accommodation is regulated by 272A and 302B 
of Securities and Futures Act, which falls under the category of small offer.

Any purchase of tokens is available only for pre-identified individuals, the 
passage of the procedure KYC and AML is mandatory for participating in 
allocation.



45.

Token 
Distribution:

Token Price and Financial Parameters 

88%
Investor 2%

Bounty

5%
Team

5%
Advisors

RSN token price is nominated in EUR and totals 10 EUR/token.
The total token totals 4,000,000. 

Each RSN token gives its holder the right to: 
1. 25% of RAISON-generated revenue: The 4-year aggregate coupon yield 
under the financial model averages 276%.

2. Guaranteed token buy-back starting from January 2020: The price 
is calculated by the following formula - number of RAISON users * 500 EUR 
* 0.25 / total number of tokens, but not less than 11 EUR per token.

In this case, at the beginning of the buy-back, the minimum premium with 
the coupon yield paid (under the financial model assessment) will total about 
83% of the ICO price. The token value growth rate (considering the coupon 
yield payments) by the end of the buy-back program in 2021 is forecasted 
to reach 456% to nominal value or about 641% to the ICO price.



RAISON will channel 50% of the financial institution’s net income to the 
token purchases. 

To ensure the mechanism transparency, a user counter will appear on the 
RAISON website on December 1, 2019.

Following the 2021 calendar year results, the Board of Directors will 
approve the new financial plan, which may change the company’s revenue 
participation arrangement, full repayment of obligations to token holders 
or conversion of tokens into the company shares.

15%
10%

5%

25%

February 1, 2018 —
February 7, 2018 

February 8, 2018 —
February 14, 2018 

February 15, 2018 —
February 21, 2018 

December 7, 2017 —
December 21, 2017 — 
max 200 000 RSN

Bonus Program
At the corresponding dates, when you purchase 
tokens, discounts are given at nominal price



Platform for blockchain fund
Umbrella services for professionals in blockchain
Trading equity, ETF, Bonds, structure notes for retail
P2P Lending, Insurance

Western Europe

EU PI license
Investment firm 
(MiFID)

5 000 000

Investment 
platform with 
AI advisory

10 EUR

Europe

EU EMI license
Investment firm 
(MiFID)

10 000 000

Full AI advisory 
services

EU+UK

EU Bank license

25 000 000

Full AI Bank

EU+UK+USA

EU Bank license
US investment 
company

35 000 000

Full AI Bank + 
P2P Services

AI advisory on cryptocurrencies and funds
Advisory on ICO

Implementation of financial rating (complex valuation 
of aggregated financial statement based on AI 
research)
AI recommendations for optimization of your financial 
state

Bitcoin and altcoins majors
Tokens
Current accounts in EUR, USD, etc
Investment assets accounts

Cryptocurrencies transfer
Payments in crypto by cards
Sepa-transfers, Wire
Apple Pay, Android Pay, Samsung Pay
P2P transfers
Cross-border payments with market 
FX exchange rates

Remote onboarding
Debit cards
Credit cards
Fast and cheap FX exchanges
Split bills for sending to debtors  
and P2P payments of debt
Deposits

Regulations

RSN token
eur
TyPE

Investments

MARKET

Advisory

Custody services

Transfer and payments

Everyday life

Milestones and offering



The capital raising in given volumes will allow to implement the appropriate 
platform functionality in the terms indicated in the roadmap of development.

Regardless of the amount of money involved in the release of tokens, the 
project team aims at the most complete project implementation, namely the 
creation of a high-grade banking sector operating in the markets of Europe, 
the United Kingdom and the United States, using for this purpose its own 
capital and other financing mechanisms rather than the release of tokens.

In the case of additional primary financing (got by raising of third-party 
borrowed capital) is less than it is indicated in the corresponding milestones 
above, the time frame for maximum implementation of the project will be 
expanded.

                    

info@raison.ai
raison.ai


