



































A Decentralized Global Home 
Rental Platform Whitepaper



TABLE OF CONTENTS

Introduction

1.1 Foreword 

1.2 Highlights of Rentberry’s Ongoing Business

1.3 Company Background

4

4

5

6

7

7

7

9

10

25

15

15

15

17

20

21

22

22

22

23

24

Rentberry Explained 

2.1 What is Rentberry? 

2.2 The World Needs Rentberry: Here’s Why

2.3 Open and Transparent Rental Platform

2.4 Benefits for Landlords & Tenants

Key Advantages

3.1 Unique Features   

       3.1.1 Auctioning Technology

       3.1.2 Crowdsourced Rental Deposit Network 

       3.1.3 Proprietary Scoring System

       3.1.4 Rent Payments

3.2 Additional Services

        3.2.1 Third Party Service Providers

        3.2.2 Utility Bills Payments

3.3 Ongoing Research

3.4 The Power of Data 

Blockchain Technology and Smart Contracts

1.

2.

3.

4.



TABLE OF CONTENTS

Token Launch

6.1 Token Sale Overview

6.2 Bonus for Large Purchasers

6.3 Token Sale Structure

       6.3.1 Token Sale Procedure and Allocation

       6.3.2 Rentberry Reserve

6.4 Budget Allocation Overview

6.5 Risks to Participating in the Token Sale

Expansion & Marketing Strategy 

7.1 Expansion Plan

7.2 30-Month Roadmap

6.

7.

Conclusion 

Legal Disclaimer

Source Material

39

39

40

40

41

42

42

44

45

45

48

49

50

54

31

31

33

34

35

36

Team and Progress

5.1 Founders & Team 

5.2 Our Track Record 

5.3 Prominent Investors

5.4 Advisors 

5.5 Status Quo & Timeline

5.



“Blockchain technology and the utility token 
ecosystem are the two pillars that will turn our 
transparent rental platform into a global one.”

1. Introduction

Rentberry is on a positive trajectory in the long-term rental platform space. We already have 

more than 120,000 users and 224,000 properties on our platform and have raised $4 million 

in funds from highly respected angel and institutional investors. Unlike many blockchain start-

ups, we already have an established business which goes beyond a vision and a roadmap.

Since the latest version of our platform went live in early 2017, the media has referred to us as 

a truly disruptive real estate technology. This has resulted in requests from around the globe 

asking when our services and technology will become available on an international basis.

The goal of the Rentberry token sale (“Token Sale”) is to convert our business into a truly 

decentralized token ecosystem that will reduce the time and expense of long-term rentals for 

everyone involved, and provide the capital which will allow us to address the growing 

international demand for Rentberry’s services.

4

1.1 Foreword

https://www.citylab.com/equity/2017/12/the-technology-thats-going-to-disrupt-the-security-deposit/546779/
https://www.citylab.com/equity/2017/12/the-technology-thats-going-to-disrupt-the-security-deposit/546779/


1

1

2

2

Total number of properties that were shown on the platform from January 1, 2017 until November 8, 2017.

Number of unique users who initiated sessions on rentberry.com website within selected time period.

1.2 Highlights of Rentberry’s Ongoing Business

53% m/m23 people

$4M

2015 224,000+

4,948

150 4,000+

Active User Growth:Team:

Capital Raised:

Founded: Listed Properties:

Cities:

Combined Years of Experience: Applications Processed:

5

(Q3 2017)



“In contrast to many other companies launching token 
sales, we already have a functioning platform.”

1.3 Company Background

We founded Rentberry at the end of 2015 after our founders spent almost a month searching 

for rental properties in San Francisco, California. We experienced the frustration involved with 

submitting rental applications, enduring bidding wars with other prospective tenants and 

going through uncomfortable face-to-face negotiations with landlords.

We consistently lost apartments to other applicants because of the lack of transparency in the 

rental process as we had no idea if there were other applicants who were willing to offer more 

than the original asking price established by landlords. Moreover, once we rented an 

apartment, we had to freeze thousands of dollars for a rental deposit even though we had 

excellent credit reports, employment histories and references.

The time-consuming, costly and unnerving process of finding an apartment made us question 

the efficiency of the traditional long-term rental process. With our founders having lived and 

worked on two different continents and having seed round investors from 11 different 

countries, we know firsthand that the same problems with long-term rentals exist not just in 

the U.S. but at an international level. Promotions of long-term rental properties offer no real 

value to users other than pictures and descriptions of the properties. Rentberry, however, is 

working on a technology that will unite tenants and landlords and simplify the rental process 

with a more complete online property management solution built on the blockchain.

6



7

2. Rentberry Explained

Rentberry is a decentralized long-term rental ecosystem that will use blockchain technology to 

make the rental process less costly and more convenient and secure. The transparent 

ecosystem with verified information on renters and landlords fosters trust between the parties. 

Rentberry’s proprietary auctioning technology reduces traditional frustrations, scam rates, time 

delays, and friction points in the rental process to benefit both tenants and landlords. Also, the 

Rentberry ecosystem will offer the ability for community members to help back quality tenants,

unfreezing millions of dollars tied up rental deposits in the process.

Although the costs and characteristics of housing vary across the world, residents of many 

countries experience the same problems in the long-term rental space. Rentberry’s mission is 

to offer a solution that will be equally efficient for residents across international borders.

Technological evolution has led to the disruption of multiple sectors in recent years. The long 

term (six months and longer) rental industry has remained relatively stagnant.

Despite so many other industries having been successfully disrupted in recent years (retail, 

social media, transportation), the long-term property rental space remains mired in tradition 

and lacks comparable innovation. The process of long-term rentals still results in frustration 

and lost time for both the owners of rental properties who are looking for additional income 

and potential tenants who are looking for a place to call home. There has not yet been 

technological disruption significant enough to usher in a new—and better—way to rent. Here 

at Rentberry, we aim to change that.

Global practices still include listings in the form of simple classified ads in print publications 

2.1. What is Rentberry?

2.2. The World Needs Rentberry: Here’s Why 



8

or on sites like Craigslist, Zillow, Rightmove and Zoopla which provide limited information 

about a particular property for prospective tenants and essentially no support for actionable 

items, such as the application process, contract execution, rent collection, and maintenance 

requests. Today, Rentberry offers users a fully operational, web-based long-term rental 

platform.  Our goal is to leverage blockchain technology to ensure a seamless rental 

experience which will allow the entire rental application and rental contracts process to be 

completed quickly and online.

It is still common practice to complete many tasks manually. This includes calling or emailing 

prospective tenants, manually screening applicants, and accepting paper checks or cash for 

rent payments. In addition, agents and brokers sometimes charge significant fees for minimal

services, and landlords force tenants to freeze thousands of dollars in rental deposits.

International renters face problems qualifying to rent overseas as their credit scores and credit 

histories are only valid in their country of citizenship or in the country in which they are legally 

qualified to work and live in at the moment.

Meanwhile, renting has become an economic and lifestyle choice for 41% of Americans, 55.5% 

of the Swiss, and 39.9% of Germans, to name just a few countries. Currently, there are over 

641 million rental units worldwide and around 2.3 billion people living in long-term rentals. 

According to the most recent statistics from the UN, there are over 244 million international 

migrants living worldwide, which creates a large pool of potential users who are likely to 

benefit from a transparent universal rental platform.

According to a recent Harvard University study, long-term rental behavior has increased 

among all income groups, age groups, and household types. According to projections by the 

Urban Institute, as many as 59% of new households to be formed by 2030 will be renting 

homes instead of buying them. Renting has become the new normal and we believe this trend 

will continue to hold true for other countries around the world.

Using Rentberry, landlords and tenants in countries across the globe will have the opportunity

https://www.citylab.com/equity/2016/02/the-rise-of-renting-in-the-us/462948/
http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/Housing_statistics
http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/Housing_statistics
https://www.msci.com/www/research-paper/real-estate-market-size-2016/0183961169
http://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/blog/2016/01/244-million-international-migrants-living-abroad-worldwide-new-un-statistics-reveal/
http://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/blog/2016/01/244-million-international-migrants-living-abroad-worldwide-new-un-statistics-reveal/
http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/sites/jchs.harvard.edu/files/americas_rental_housing_2015_web.pdf
http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/sites/jchs.harvard.edu/files/americas_rental_housing_2015_web.pdf
https://www.urban.org/urban-wire/lower-homeownership-rate-new-normal
https://www.urban.org/urban-wire/lower-homeownership-rate-new-normal


9

to enjoy a transparent and universally applicable platform for long-term rentals. Rentberry will:

This makes Rentberry the first company in the long-term residential real estate space that will 

strive to operate internationally and ensure a fair, frictionless, and seamless long-term rental 

process for all parties involved.

We already have a functional platform and marketplace with actual users and properties that  

• Eliminate the need for the agent/broker model (and associated expenses) by allowing

landlords and tenants to complete all rental tasks online in a peer to peer manner;

• Establish a uniform international standard of rental procedures that will benefit expats

and migrants living and working in new countries; and

• Provide a crowdsourced rental deposit network that will allow tenants to reduce the

amount of their own money they need tie up in their rental deposits.

Rentberry will use blockchain technology to streamline the entire long-term rental process by 

making it possible for tenants and landlords to complete all rental tasks in one place. These 

tasks include:

2.3. Open and Transparent Rental Platform 

• Searching for properties;

• Making offers / bids via the Rentberry auctioning platform;

• Screening prospects;

• Selecting the best / most suitable candidates;

• Negotiating the terms;

• Unlocking rental deposits;

• E-signing contracts;

• Paying rent;

• Submitting maintenance requests;

• Hiring third-party service providers (e.g., handymen and plumbers); and

• Enabling landlords to stay connected with tenants.



10

allow for some of these transactions.  Our active user traffic has grown 53%+ month on month 

during Q3 2017.

In the future, we plan to decentralize and fully automate the tasks listed above using 

blockchain technology powered by our BERRY token.

Tenants will have free access to view rental listings on the platform as will single-family 

homeowners with up to three properties. Large volume landlords (those with more than three 

properties under management), such as real estate corporations, brokerage firms and 

property management companies, will have to pay only 150 BERRY tokens (i.e., expected to 

be approximately $30 USD) per month if they choose to manage more than three properties 

on the platform simultaneously. 

Duplicated efforts, protracted bureaucratic processes and financial friction are common 

friction points within the long-term rental market. Rentberry’s platform benefits landlords and 

tenants as follows:

2.4 Benefits for Landlords and Tenants 

a. Landlords 
Listing Marketing & Syndication

Landlord benefits will include the ability to list any property on the platform with a specified 

asking price and include detailed information on the given rental unit. Using BERRY tokens, 

landlords can promote listings on rentberry.com or syndicate to additional rental sites for 

increased reach and visibility. The fee for property promotion will be dynamic and will depend 

on the number of other landlords promoting their properties at the same time.

Rental Price Auction

All rental applications will be collected in a user-friendly format with the option to accept or 

reject any application with a single click.  Rentberry’s auctioning technology (described below)



11

ensures transparency and fair competition, and it will also ensure that landlords are able to:

The Rentberry Scoring Methodology

As Rentberry evolves, the platform will allow tenants and landlords to rate each other by 

submitting reviews, and will also allow both parties to assess each other by reference to those 

reviews and an immutable record of rental activity stored on the blockchain. This information, 

coupled with publicly available data (e.g., credit reports, background checks, etc.), will be 

analyzed and processed by Rentberry’s proprietary scoring technology. The Rentberry 

methodology will be more advanced, decentralized, secure/immutable and intuitive than 

vertically-focused solutions that analyze only one aspect of a renter’s history (such as Experian 

credit reports in the U.S.). In addition, since the Rentberry scores are part of the tenant and 

landlord profiles on the Rentberry platform, they can be used internationally.  This will open a 

number of new possibilities, including by allowing:

• Landlords, in addition to the actual tenant application data, to use the Rentberry scoring 

system to choose the best tenant for the property;

• Members of the Rentberry community to use the Rentberry scoring system to identify 

quality tenants they want to back by helping them fund their rental deposits, in return 

for certain rewards; and

• Tenants to use the landlord scores in addition to open-house visits to find the 

properties with the best landlord.

• Reduce vacancy rates by seamlessly addressing pricing in depressed market 

conditions;

• Capitalize on hot markets by extracting the most value from their properties; and

• Select tenants based on data points beyond the amount they are willing to pay.

Rent Collection and Use of BERRY Tokens

All payments on the platform will be executed in BERRY tokens. Landlords will be able to 

collect rent in BERRY tokens seamlessly and securely and use it for other services on the 

platform, such as to:



12

b. Tenants
Focused Property Search

Tenants will be able to display filtered results with a detailed analysis of key information 

relating to each listed property. This includes:

• Pay for property promotion and marketing which will feature their properties at the top 

of search results and highlight them in a different color on the map of available rentals;

• Use BERRY tokens to help quality tenants by covering a portion of their rental deposits 

in exchange for rewards in the form of BERRY tokens;

• Hire third-party service providers, such as house cleaners, handymen, plumbers, 

electricians, etc.

• Seamless searches for properties in the desired area using extensive filtering capability 

(e.g., size, price, preferred amenities, etc.);

• Online scheduling of open-house visits in order to see the properties and meet the 

landlords; and

• An internal and secure communication system that allows potential tenants to contact 

landlords without bothering them with phone calls and/or emails.

Transparent Application Process

Rentberry understands that the incumbent rental decision model is binary and unforgiving.

Incomplete or less than desired credit profiles mean having the rental application denied or

putting down a higher rental deposit. That is why Rentberry has developed market leading 

application functionalities to benefit tenants. Tenants are able to submit applications online 

without bothering landlords and mailing/emailing confidential information (e.g., SSN, passport 

numbers, bank account information, etc.). During this process, tenants are able to:

• Analyze demand for the property and relevant information in offers submitted by other 

applicants;

• Customize offers in real-time based on demand thus increasing the chances of 

securing the property using our proprietary auctioning technology; and



13

• Negotiate pricing factors (e.g., rent, deposits, lease duration).

As this is a blockchain-based solution, all evidence of formal certification and documentation 

required to complete a rental application will be automatically recorded to the distributed 

ledger (in a manner compliant with applicable privacy laws, including the European Union’s 

GDPR). 

Crowdsourced Rental Deposit Coverage

The Rentberry community (tenants, landlords, friends  family ) will have the ability to 

utilize their BERRY tokens to cover a portion of rental deposits for selected tenants in 

exchange for rewards in the form of BERRY tokens (i.e., an interest rate type return, paid in 

BERRY tokens, as a reward for having funded part of the rental deposit). This will allow 

otherwise-qualified tenants who might otherwise not be able to afford a rental deposit to rent 

an apartment, and by having others contribute to their rental deposit, providing them with 

better reputational and financial credibility with potential landlords. This will also give landlords 

access to a larger pool of qualified applicants and increase their ability to rent apartments.

Rental Contract Execution

Tenants can securely and safely execute a legal contract which is signed by the parties using 

their blockchain keys / identities and then immutably store that contract on the blockchain. 

This can be done in seconds without wasting paper or crucial time. Execution of the contract 

will lead to an automatic settlement (transfer of BERRY tokens) under the terms of the smart 

contract, reducing the friction, time and reconciliation issues associated with confirming initial 

deposit and rental payments.

Maintenance Requests

Once the property is rented, tenants will be able to conveniently submit maintenance service 

requests to the landlords. All requests will be stored in the system and will be able to be 

accessed at any time in case of disputes in the future. Tenants who record this activity on the 

Rentberry blockchain platform will have proof that they reported issues in a timely manner,   



14

thereby reducing the potential for liability for additional damage that they allegedly failed to 

report promptly, or not at all.

Security of Tenant Information

All of a tenant’s relevant personal data (e.g., financial, rental history, credit rating, references 

and reviews) will be secured immutably on the blockchain. This data will be wholly owned and 

controlled by the tenant and only made visible to the landlord when the tenant makes a rental 

application using their private key / wallet on their mobile and/or web app.



15

3. Key Advantages

3.1 Unique Features
3.1.1 Auctioning Technology

The Rentberry Auctioning Technology is part of what we believe to be the platform’s unique 

intellectual property, and we are currently in the process of filing for patent protection.

“Innovative customer offer submission technology will 
reshape the rental process.”

Monthly Rent

Asking Price: $2,000
Highest Offer: $2,200

Asking Deposit: $3,000
Highest Offer: $3,000

$2,000

Deposit

$3,000

Match Highest Beat HighestShow Details

Medium Demand
6 Applications

Average Credit Score

679

2. Additional Info 3. Screening1. Your  Offer

Next

$3,000Deposit Offer

$2,200

Applicant With Highest Offer

Rent Offer

780Credit Score

$6,500Monthly Salary

Pets

Roommates



16

The Auctioning Technology’s core purpose is to ensure that landlords price their properties 

optimally in both hot and slow markets, while potential tenants are afforded complete visibility 

on competing offers and offered the ability to seamlessly negotiate rental terms online. 

The Auctioning Technology acts as a pricing oracle and is part of Rentberry’s Unique Selling 

Proposition (USP), which allows tenants to bid, sign legal rental documents and settle 

payments using BERRY tokens, all in one visit to the Rentberry website or mobile app.

The application cost for prospective tenants (including access to the Rentberry Auctioning 

Technology) will be 1,000 BERRY tokens (expected to be approximately $200 USD) per 

application, of which 50 BERRY tokens (expected to be approximately $10 USD) will be 

distributed to Rentberry as a fee for using the service and the remaining 950 BERRY tokens 

will be distributed to the applicable landlord towards an initial payment, as described more 

fully below.  This price includes a U.S. credit score and background report. In the future, we 

plan to have our own proprietary tenant score and landlord scores, based on activity recorded 

on the blockchain, and use of these scores will be included in this fee. We use this model in 

our current business and are already generating revenue and increasing users daily.  We are 

hopeful that migrating to a blockchain based solution will accelerate this growth.  We also plan 

to seek permission to integrate with additional blockchain solutions, including, for example, 

the APPII platform (http://appii.io) for verified education and professional records. In this case, 

APPII users could permission Rentberry to access their verified credentials, thereby increasing 

their score as well as their chances of successful selection by a landlord.

Following the launch of BERRY tokens via the Token Sale, and once the platform is fully 

developed, tenants accessing the proprietary Auctioning Technology based platform will be 

able to make offers to rent properties using BERRY tokens.

The workflow of BERRY tokens will be driven by smart contracts. Tenants will have to pay 

1,000 BERRY tokens per application to give access to their own data to the landlords. This 



17

data will feature all of the shared, private, privacy law compliant historical information recorded 

on the blockchain made available for the landlord to make an educated decision on the 

caliber of the tenant(s).  If the landlord selects that tenant, 950 of the 1,000 BERRY tokens will

be automatically distributed to the landlord via smart contract to be applied to the first month’s

rent or to the rental deposit as determined by the landlord and tenant.  The remaining 50 

BERRY tokens will be retained by Rentberry as a fee for the services being provided.   In the 

case of a rejected application, all 1,000 BERRY tokens will be returned to the tenants’ wallet.

It is important to note that all transaction data – property, location, date, amount, outcome – 

will be stored on the blockchain. This information may be shared with Rentberry to perform 

analysis to better enhance its algorithm offering recommendations to tenants on what to bid 

based on current market conditions.

We estimate that there is more than $500   billion locked in rental deposits worldwide. On 

average, renters become homeowners at the age of 40. This means that from the time they 

turn 18 and until they acquire a property, most people rent. As renters switch rental units, the 

rental deposits that they put down are continuously frozen with different landlords. In addition, 

millions of people are looking for a better way to use their capital – more than $35 trillion 

currently sits in banks generating only on average 0.1% interest.

The Rentberry platform will allow quality tenants to unlock most of the money they would have 

to tie up in their rental deposits by utilizing a crowdsourced rental deposit network – a 

community of users on the Rentberry platform, such as friends, family members, landlords, 

tenants – who will finance part of the required rental deposit. People who are willing to help

3

3.1.2 Crowdsourced Rental Deposit Network

3 Based on internal analysis and estimates derived from the data from various publications (see Source Material 

section).



18

tenants may not even be actual tenants or landlords with listings on the platform. These users 

might join the Rentberry network with the sole purpose of helping tenants who do not want to 

have the full amount required for their rental deposit frozen and, in helping such people, 

receive rewards for doing so.

Smart contracts will underpin this process, providing provenance and transparency to 

contributors regarding the underlying asset / tenant, as well as rendering more efficient 

onboarding, ownership transfer and settlement processes.

The rental deposits will reside on the blockchain on the platform, with the tenant’s risk profile 

and past performance attached. The landlord has instant access to the rental deposit funds 

provided by the tenant and contributors in case of the default on rent or damage to the 

property. Depending on the amount claimed by the landlord, the first funds unlocked are of 

the tenant. If the tenant’s funds are not enough to cover the damage/rent, the funds of the 

contributors in pro-rated proportion will become available to the landlord. In case of the 

default on rent or damage to the property - the tenant’s score will be negatively affected and

contributors and landlord will be able to rate and write a review, which most likely would limit

this tenant to crowdsource rental deposit in the future. All of this activity will be managed by 

smart contracts, with all payments in the form of BERRY tokens and a transaction fee paid to 

Rentberry.

We have access to executives at top companies in the insurance industry and we plan to use 

their advice in the future when it comes to building a crowdsourced rental deposit network. 

Our current seed round investors include Richard Coon - Founder of Partners Life (insurance 

company in New Zealand) and Patrick Frost - CEO of Swiss Life Group (the largest insurance 

company in Switzerland).

• Tenant will be required to pay a minimum of 10% of the actual rental deposit (acting 

similar to a deductible);

Rentberry’s crowdsourced rental deposit network in detail:



19

• Tenant will receive all the offers from the community and will be able to pick and 

choose the best deals;

• Rentberry will be able to participate by offering to fund rental deposits as well. This way 

we will ensure that quality tenants will be able to receive help for the full remaining 

amount of the rental deposit (90% of its value);

• Rentberry will also collect a percentage of the transaction volume (reward paid to 

Rentberry). We expect the commission to be around 0.25% of the transaction amount. 

All rewards collected by Rentberry will be deposited to the Rentberry Reserve (see 

section 6.3.2). 

All of this activity will be underpinned by blockchain, smart contracts and the BERRY tokens 

for verifiability and efficiency.

We expect the supply and demand from both sides to balance due to two factors:

Armed with our proprietary scoring system which will act as an oracle, coupled with the use of

artificial intelligence, our goal is to help tenants save and unlock millions of dollars in upfront

rental deposits by paying instead only a portion of that deposit and a small reward in BERRY

tokens to those who cover the balance of the deposit.

• Community members will offer their best terms to the most qualified tenants; and

• Tenants will analyze all offers and pick the best proposals from the community 

members.

• Community members will be able to analyze key information about the tenant 

(including proprietary Tenant’s Score, etc.). Once ready, they can submit offers (amount 

they are willing to help with and rewards that they are looking to receive in return). On 

average, we expect community members to receive rewards in excess of 5% of the 

amount that they cover (our research indicates that the average yearly interest rate 

community members ask for will be between 3-7%);



20

Traditional credit bureaus work reasonably well when it comes to providing data to financial 

institutions for products like mortgages, car loans, credit card applications, and the like. 

However, none of the credit bureaus were created with the rental industry in mind. That is why 

they do not capture crucial data points (e.g., rental payments, references, reviews of prior 

landlords, number of roommates, payment split). All of today’s platforms are essentially 

classified ads that don’t have, or provide access to, the necessary data to streamline the rental 

process for all involved. Further, the data from traditional credit bureaus in one country does 

not carry authority when people cross borders and apply for rentals abroad.

On the Rentberry platform, all information on tenants and landlords will be recorded on smart 

contracts and used by a smart oracle to calculate the proprietary tenant and landlord scores. 

Where an individual is located will not be an issue as information and scores for both parties 

will be saved to the platform and made available upon request and when granted permission.

A token-based transactional rental solution, combined with a healthy, incentivizing ecosystem 

for good users of the network, underpinned by the BERRY token, will enable Rentberry to 

increase transaction volumes. Putting our platform onto the blockchain allows our ecosystem 

to create a unified token which has value globally, while building individual reputational ratings 

that can be trusted by any party.

The scoring system is a statistical screening method, as tenant and landlord data made 

available to Rentberry is used to generate a score between 100 and 1,000. Potential risks will 

be reflected in these scores. The higher the score of a tenant, the lower the risk for a landlord 

to experience a default or damage to the property. The higher the score of a landlord, the 

greater the chance for a tenant to build a long-lasting rental relationship on mutually beneficial 

terms.

Rentberry’s individual score will be based on data from many sources, including:

3.1.3 Proprietary Scoring System



21

100 500 250 750 1,000 

Poor 

Score 

Fair 

Score 

Score Scale

Good 

Score 

Excellent 

Score

Wants to Rent Out 

Blockchain 

Technology 

Blockchain 

Technology 

Wants to Rent

TenantLandlord

Application information 

Reviews by landlords

Social media profiles 

Bankruptcy records

Credit bureau data and scores

Payment performance

Eviction history

Past due accounts

And more!And more!

Reviews by tenants 

Property ratings 

On-time maintenance

Rental deposit policy

Property history and condition

Rental terms

Move-in / Move-out rules

Prompt communication

Property Property

Proprietary Scoring System

Rentberry plans to allow tenants to make their rental payments in BERRY tokens starting in 

2018. This means no more fees will be incurred that will be associated with a credit card or 

wire transfer payment, bounced checks, unrecorded cash transactions, or long wait times for 

receiving payments. The risk of any fraudulent activity will be minimized as all payments will 

be recorded on an immutable ledger.

3.1.4 Rent Payments

• Bankruptcy records;

• Data and scores from credit bureaus;

• Past due accounts; and

• Publicly available information.

• Information from applications;

• Previous payment performance;

• History of evictions;



22

With BERRY tokens, tenants will not only get a chance to pay rent online, but will also get to 

use a single internationalized platform medium. Rental payments will be free of charge (no 

commissions or hidden fees) using BERRY tokens. A history of rent payments will be 

appended to the tenants’ private profile and will be used in the calculation of the proprietary 

Tenant Score.

 

If required, we will seek any necessary registrations and/or licenses to ensure that 

transactions comply with all U.S. and applicable international legal frameworks, including with 

respect to money transmission and anti-money laundering.  Rentberry will also comply with all 

requirements of such registrations and/or licenses.

3.2.1 Third Party Service Providers
Rentberry plans to partner with third-party service providers and invite them (individual or 

corporate clients) to join the platform. They will specify the services that they offer, the location 

that they serve and the price for each service rendered. 

Landlords and tenants will be given the ability to select and order services from their portals 

on the Rentberry platform. All payments will be made in BERRY tokens and Rentberry will 

charge 1% commission of the total price of the services.

3.2 Additional Services

3.2.2 Utility Bills Payments
Our team plans to partner with utility corporations, such as PG&E, to offer the ability for users 

to pay utility bills in BERRY tokens directly through the platform. Our goal is to make sure all 

services that relate to the long-term rental process will be paid for online through our portal. 

This will dramatically simplify the lives of tenants and landlords by allowing them to save 

precious time.



23

Open House Visit

Move-in Date

Open Lock

Landlord Tenant

Smart Locks

At the moment, our team is working on designing a smart lock technology that will work based 

on smart contracts. We firmly believe that smart locks will find great use in the rental industry 

as they can make it much easier for landlords to hold open houses and for tenants to access 

their rentals after their move-in dates.

With smart locks, the landlord will not need to be present to let a potential tenant into the 

property as the potential tenant will just have to plug a smartphone into the lock in order to 

open the door. The potential tenant’s identification would be confirmed using an existing 

identity verification solution (e.g., Civic Technologies). One of the major obstacles to using 

smart locks in the rental business was their battery life. We are developing next-generation 

smart locks that will not need to be charged at all; instead, they will gather power from the 

phone’s battery when plugged into the lock to open the door.

3.3 Ongoing Research



24

We plan to store all information on housing trends/price fluctuations on our platform, and this 

will certainly be of use for many businesses. For example, financial institutions, such as credit 

card companies, are likely to be interested in accessing tenant score information and sending 

them credit card offers. Moving companies would be interested in acquiring information about 

tenant move-out and move-in dates in order to send promotional information about their 

services.

There is no doubt that plenty of companies from different industries would be eager to acquire 

this information for the purpose of market analysis and advertising.

We will provide users with absolute control over how their data is shared through the 

blockchain in compliance with applicable privacy laws. We will also let users profit off their 

data by rewarding them with BERRY tokens for each point in time in which they have allowed 

their data to be accessed by a third party.

3.4 The Power of Data



25

4. Blockchain Technology and 
Smart Contracts

Rentberry is convinced that blockchain technology combined with smart contracts will be the 

core engine for the long-term rental industry.

The blockchain provides a mechanism for securing and transferring funds, and supporting the 

complex multi-party agreements that drive those fund transfers through the use of smart 

contracts.  The fact that the data remains saved in an immutable distributed data store means 

that users can rest assured that their data cannot be tampered with, payment flows can be 

Application Process

Rent Payments

Global Expansion

Rewards

Security

Convenience

Agreements

Rental Auction

Utility Bills

Reviews & Ratings

Service Providers

Crowdsourced Network



26

optimized, identity can be managed securely, and ultimately the overall rental experience can 

be improved.  All users of Rentberry application(s) will be required to use an identity wallet to 

prove that they provided the data or that they initiated or approved the underlying activity. 

Landlords and tenants will be able to specify their own terms and conditions in their rental 

agreement smart contracts.  Third party services are likely to be used to validate identity on 

the platform.

The creation of the BERRY token is the first step in building a system of incentives and 

rewards to drive efficiency in the industry. We believe that once payments are tokenized, the 

processes to drive token movement can be modelled using smart contracts, and driven using 

electronic signatures from the different parties.

Initially, BERRY tokens will be issued on the Ethereum blockchain under either the ERC-20 or 

ERC-223 token standard.  

It is anticipated that Rentberry smart contracts will be written in Ethereum Solidity.  In general, 

the solution will be built in a blockchain platform agnostic manner, to future proof for evolving 

and emerging blockchain technology innovations. 

 

In the event that Ethereum resource constraints, including delayed processing times for 

transactions on the Ethereum blockchain adversely impact the performance of the Rentberry 

platform, Rentberry will consider adopting a hybrid public / private blockchain model.  Under 

such a model, while BERRY tokens would reside on the public chain, Rentberry would create a 

private blockchain network ledger, with smart contract capability, to track all transactions on 

the platform.  Interchain token transfer would be provided by a relatively trustless (e.g., 

independent multi node) standard inter-ledger protocol. Rentberry users will have full access 

to view this private chain ledger.  If such a model were adopted, Rentberry would seek to 

migrate all transactions and smart contract activity to the Ethereum public chain once it could 

fully support the Rentberry transaction flow without any degradation in platform performance. 



27

Rentberry’s team members have extensive experience developing a number of smart contract 

based applications. Using smart contracts to drive token movement automates the process, 

and removes the need to trust a single party with the funds. Blockchain and smart contracts 

together will manage and implement features on our platform involving:

Each party will have their own identity private key / wallet, stored in their mobile device and 

secured using biometrics, and any user activity that is driven through the smart contract will be 

initiated / approved using the identity wallet as immutable proof of consent.

For example, a rental process that is fully processed on the Ethereum public blockchain might 

flow as follows:

• Identity of user (tenant / landlord);

• Know Your Customer / Anti-Money Laundering;

• Reputation;

• Proof of biometric authentication (NOT storage of biometric data);

• All activity that modifies the smart contract based identity profile;

• All agreements by parties; and

• All activity that drives token movement;

• Tenants purchase BERRY tokens to be stored in their own personal wallets;

• Tenants apply to rent an apartment, allocating 1,000 BERRY tokens to an Application 

Deposit Smart Contract;

• Landlord selects a preferred tenant, and 950 BERRY tokens are moved from the 

Application Deposit Smart Contract of the winning tenant to a Rental Deposit Smart 

Contract serving as an initial down payment towards the rental deposit. The remaining 

50 BERRY tokens are moved to Rentberry's own wallet as a service fee. All losing 

tenant application BERRY tokens are refunded; 

• The winning tenant next seeks contributions towards the required rental deposit by 

reaching out to the Rentberry community; 



Copyright 2017 @ Rentberry, Inc.

support@rentberry.com 28

• The Crowdsourced Rental Deposit Network offers the tenant's rental deposit

requirements to the community;

• Community members specify what they are willing to contribute towards the tenant’s

rental deposit, and the reward they require;

• The tenant selects community members whose offers the tenant is willing to accept;

• Contributors transfer BERRY tokens to the selected tenant’s Rental Deposit Smart

Contract equal to the amount of the deposit they were willing to help fund;

• Tenant transfers BERRY tokens to the Rental Deposit Smart Contract equal to the

tenant's minimum contribution (assume 10%) and an additional amount sufficient to

cover all rewards to be paid to contributors when the lease is over, as well as the

Rentberry transaction fee;

• The Rental Deposit Smart Contract will automatically distribute a fee to Rentberry's own

wallet of 0.25% of deposit contributions as a service fee;

• When the tenant moves out, if there has not been a damage claim by the landlord, the

Rental Deposit Smart Contract will transfer BERRY tokens that have been deposited

back to the tenant and to each contributor deposit (plus any reward that was agreed to

be paid to the contributor);

• When the tenant moves out, if there has been a damage claim by the landlord (that is

agreed and digitally authorized by the tenant), the Rental Deposit Smart Contract will

transfer BERRY tokens to the landlord’s wallet equal to the value of the damage claim,

with the payment being covered first by the tenant’s own contribution to the rental

deposit. Any amounts remaining after the damage claim has been paid will be allocated

by the Rental Deposit Smart Contract pro rata to those who have contributed to the

rental deposit.

Private data will be encrypted in the smart contract using a third-party privacy and identity 

framework. This will enable data to be kept private and held in a privacy law compliant 

manner.



29

Application 

Deposit 

Contract

Rental 

Deposit 

Contract

Public 

Ethereum 

Blockchain

Mobile app wallet 

provides biometric 

checks linked to private 

key / wallet security

Accounting token drives 

public token movement

Business logic 

smart contracts

Identity contract 

contains proof of 

identity, attestations 

by third parties, and 

reputation record, 

proof of biometric 

authentication

Private / Sidechain 

solution migrate to 

full public 

blockchain if/when 

scaling permits

Private Ethereum Blockchain / 

Sidechain / Channels

User private key 

drives identity and 

platform 

transactions (to be 

combined at a later 

stage with public 

ERC-20 token 

wallet)
BERRY 

ERC-20/223 

Contract

Rent

Payment 

Contract

Tenant 

Identity 

Contract

Insurer 

Identity 

Contract

Identity 

Contract

Landlord 

Identity 

Contract

Transfer BERRY

Tenant Wallet
BERRY 

ERC-20/223 

Contract

Insurer Wallet

Landlord Wallet

Rentberry Wallet

Interledger token transfer

protocol / network



React Native

Native App

Web Mobile Device

Nodes Hosted on Premise or in Cloud

Blockchain Explorer

OS agnostic 

views

Wrapper 

native app

Data privacy in smart contracts is 

managed by privacy framework 

(including a privacy server), with some 

privacy and permission enforcing 

libraries / components residing in 

smart contracts

Smart 

Contracts

Privacy Cache stores read only 

decrypted data from blockchain 

events. Used for fast data 

search / lookup

Generic admin console for viewing data in 

smart contracts, and viewing blockchain 

history (explorer), managing users.

Private key stored in local app storage or 

hardware secure enclave. Data can be 

encrypted / decrypted using client key.

Server / Node Private Key

Data can be encrypted / 

decrypted using client key 

and stored in Privacy Cache

Generic admin console service side 

application for viewing / creating /

modifying data in smart contracts, 

viewing blockchain history (explorer), 

managing users.

Optimised development 

tools for smart contract / UI 

applications, includes 

contracts server.

Reporting / Analytics

Ledger (Ethereum Parity)

Entity

Entity

Entity

Entity

Privacy

Private key recovery 

procedure (2FA), 

hardware key storage

API

Client App

Privacy Framework

RESTful JSON / HTTPS

Docker 

Container 

Management

Privacy Cache (Redis)

Blockchain Explorer UI

Wallet Wallet

Docker Container

UI ID Document Capture

Biometrics 

Verification 

Service

Biometric Capture

Biometrics 

Verification 

Service

Browser

Native OS (iOS, Android)

Other nodes

New nodes created using 

environment creation 

scripts to create and 

auto-configure docker 

containers preloaded with 

required components.

30



Alex Lubinsky Lily Ostapchuk Denis Golubovskiy
CEO CPO CTO

Former investment banking 

executive and UC Berkeley 

graduate who founded and sold 

several companies. Real estate 

owner and successful 

entrepreneur responsible for 

defining Rentberry’s vision.

31

Managed and operated a number 

of rental properties across Europe. 

Product launch and marketing 

expert with deep knowledge of 

how to position and scale the 

product.

Worked at a number of prominent 

IT companies, including Alterplay, 

Trinetix, and GMSU. Blockchain 

advocate and full stack engineer 

with 10 years of experience.

5. Team and Progress

23
dedicated people

20
years of combined 

blockchain experience

150
years of combined 

experience

5.1 Founders & Team



Liza Repko

Eugene Terentev

Kostyantin Horozhanov

Max Zabarylo

Alexander Vilko

July Yakimova Victor Zubkov

Denys Mykhailyshen Dmytro Denysenko

Alex Humeniuk

Anton Kazanov

Nadia Sidko

Alex Tkachenko

David Sviatozhevsky Alex SvityashchukEugene Kurasov

Visual Designer

Blockchain Developer

Frontend Developer

QA Engineer

Frontend Developer

QA Engineer Project Manager

Frontend Developer Android Developer

SEO Engineer

Frontend Developer

Frontend Developer

Creative Writer

Blockchain Developer Backend DeveloperBackend Developer

32

Stas Babaev Alyona Blakytna Kate Fisenko

UI/UX Designer Business Development Sales

Alex Kotovskov

Product Designer



33

5.2 Our Track Record

The UK, Switzerland, Germany, 
France, New Zealand, Australia, 
China, Canada, USA, Poland, 
Qatar

$4M Successfully Raised

Prior to our Token Sale, we have already successfully raised $4 million in two seed 

rounds from highly respected angel and institutional investors, including from



808 VenturesJadeValue (CashBUS)

VC Fund - AustraliaVC Fund - China

5.3 Prominent Investors

34

Zing Capital Beechwood Ventures

VC Fund - Canada VC Fund - USA

Trevor Bond Matthew Russell

Co-chair

HBS Alumni Angels

Executive Director

Braas Monier Building 

Group

Milorad Andjelic

Partner 

Abris Capital

Carolyn Taylor

President

Weatherly Asset 

Management

Brian Nelson

Co-President 

Nelson Brothers Property 

Management

Patrick Frost

CEO 

The Swiss Life Group

President

92 Ventures

Paolo Zapparoli

Marie Ebersbacher

Managing Director

CBIZ

Gregory Lee

President

Nokia Technologies

Ryan Sullivan

CEO

Intensity

Beat Neukom

Chief Financial Officer

Merz Group

Kevin Pshebniski

CEO

Hopewell Development

Lee Leslie

Executive VP

Ten-X Real Estate

Leslie Bai

President 

Siemic Corporation

Aaron James Deer

Managing Director 

Sandler O'Neill + Partners

Partner 

Hogan Lovells LLP

Matthew Cottis



35

5.4 Advisors
Our team has some of the best advisors in the real estate, legal and finance industries. And 

we’re proud to say that certain of our advisors have actually invested in Rentberry themselves.

Michael Fernandez

Max Tappeiner

CEO

Factory 360

VP of Operations

Las Vegas Sands Corp.

Maulik Bhagat

Andrew Barlow

Managing Director 

AArete Consulting

Managing Director

Venturian

Marco Rossi

Partner

King & Spalding

President

Venture Aviator

VP Sales & Marketing

Siemens

Bijal Shah

Principal

WP Global Partners

Derek Schueren

Glen ReedRoy Malkin

Managing Director

Recommind

Edward Levin

Partner

Pegasus Capital

Michael Koran

Founder

Primary Residential 

Mortgage

Trevor Richards

CTO

Lightwell Corporation

Ayesha Rahman

Senior VP 

Savantage Solutions

Raj Nair

VP of Technology 

Ericsson

William Robinson

Head of Patent Team 

Lookout



36

“In 2017 Rentberry launched nationwide. In 2018 our 
goal is to become an international platform.”

5.5 Status Quo & Timeline

Status of Rentberry as of October 2017

• Driven by a talented team of developers, designers, marketing, cryptography and 

security experts, as well as bankers and accountants to lay the base for exponential 

growth;

• We have developed, and have been operating, a functional, web-based rental platform 

where many rental associated activities (such as applying for an apartment and paying 

rent) can be done in one place.  Rentberry’s Auctioning Technology allows for a 

transparent application process where future tenants can compete fairly and ask for 

discounts, depending on market conditions. Our plan is to move this platform to a 

blockchain environment, and add additional functionality that is made possible through 

blockchain and smart contract technology;

• We are leveraging a rapidly growing global cryptocurrency user base of 3 million users 

and the user base in the traditional “banked” world. Additionally, there are millions of 

potential users that are currently “unbanked”;

• Prior to our Token Sale, we have already successfully raised $4 million in two seed 

rounds from highly respected angel and institutional investors, including from the UK, 

Switzerland, Germany, France, New Zealand, Australia, China, Canada, USA, Poland, 

and Qatar;

• We are backed by highly experienced investors such as 808 Ventures, Beechwood 

Ventures, Zing Capital, Brian Nelson (founder & co-president of Nelson Brothers –

managed over $240 million in real estate assets), JadeValue (VC arm of CashBus – a 

leading microloan company in China), Patrick Frost (CEO of The Swiss Life Group – the



            largest insurance company of Switzerland), Kevin Pshebniski (CEO of Hopewell 

Development – a leading commercial real estate developer in Canada) and many 

others to guide us on our journey;

• We have excellent industry support – established partnership with Move Inc. (owner of 

realtor.com), Coinfirm and HelloSign. Member of NARPM (National Association of 

Residential Property Managers) and NAA (National Apartment Association);

• Won Blockchain Best Industry Application Award at Global Fintech & Blockchain China 

Summit.

37



Timeline

38

2015

2016

2017

May 2015

August 2017

September 2017

June 2016

August 2015

October 2016

Idea inception and market analysis state. Interviewed more 

than 1,000 landlords and tenants.

Successfully raised second round of $2.8 million USD. 

Institutional investors (808 Ventures, Beechwood Ventures, 

Zing Capital and JadeValue joined the round).
Hired RedBrick IP – San Francisco leading intellectual 

property attorneys to patent the core technology.

Beta version of the platform released.

Rentberry officially incorporated in Delaware, USA. 

Development of the platform and blockchain technology 

started.

Invited to Y Combinator interview.

Commencement of Rentberry Token Pre-Sale.

September 2015

April 2017

October 2017

May 2017

December 5th 2017

February 28th 2018

July 2016

First funding (part of the first round) of $350,000 received 

from Principal of The Carlyle Group and CEO of Synergo 

Private Equity.

Rentberry became the first closed-loop rental platform with a 

transparent application technology in the U.S. Thousands of 

users joined the platform overnight.

Invited as keynote speaker to top crypto and blockchain 

events around the world, including: Block-Con, Money 2020, 

CoinAgenda Global, BlockShow by Cointelegraph and many 

others. Rentberry won the Blockchain Best Industry 

Application Award at the Global Fintech & Blockchain China 

Summit.

Received business offers from Australia, New Zealand, the 

UK, Cyprus and Canada to franchise / partner regarding our 

core technology.

9:00  New York Time (EST) 

23:59 New York Time (EST)

Successfully raised the first round of $1.2 million USD.

Commencement of Token Sale.

Closing of Token Sale (subject to possible extensions).



6. Token Launch 
Rentberry partnered with Cryptonomos to perform the Token Sale and therefore will be using 

their book building platform in order to manage the Token Sale (including the KYC process). 

To participate in the Token Sale, prospective purchasers will need to visit ico.rentberry.com 

where they will be required to register for the Cryptonomos book building portal. Once 

successfully registered, buyers will be able to purchase BERRY tokens using Ethereuum or 

Bitcoin. Token buyers will be purchasing BERRY tokens to be used within the Rentberry 

platform, as mentioned above.

Users must list an ERC-20 compatible wallet such as My Ethereum Wallet in order to receive 

their BERRY tokens which will be distributed after the purchase.   Users may also be required 

to provide additional information and documentation to verify their identity as part of 

Rentberry’s KYC process, as described on ico.rentberry.com.  Rentberry reserves the right to 

reject a potential BERRY token purchaser.

39

Official Website

ico.rentberry.com

The Rentberry Token Sale will take place on December 5th 2017 9:00 New York Time (EST) 

and will conclude on the earlier of (1) February 28th 2018 23:59 New York Time (EST) (the 

“Closing Date”); or (ii) until the amount of contributions received reaches $30 million USD 

provided that Rentberry may extend the Closing Date, in its sole discretion, up to 3 times with 

each extension being 30 days (the “Token Sale End Date”). If on the Closing Date or on the 

last occasion that Rentberry extends the Closing Date (as the case may be), Rentberry has not 

received a minimum of $3 million USD in contributions, this will result in contributions being 

returned to contributors.

6.1 Token Sale Overview



40

The minimum purchase amount shall be 0.1 ETH / 250 BERRY Tokens 

The exact number of BERRY Tokens to be received by a contributor will depend on what day 

of the Token Sale the contribution is made, as determined by the BERRY Token allocation 

mechanism below: 

Purchasers who commit to purchase a large amount of BERRY Tokens during the Sale Period, 

will be eligible for the optional extra bonus (“Private Sale”). All such bonuses will be discussed 

individually with each potential buyer.

6.2 Bonus for Large Purchasers

= 2,500 BERRY1 ETH

6.3 Token Sale Structure
• Instrument: BERRY;

• Hard Cap: Equivalent of $30 million USD;

• Soft Cap (Minimum Raise): If less than the equivalent of $3 million USD in proceeds 

have been received by the Token Sale End Date (the “Minimum Raise”), then all funds

        raised will be returned to participants (less any applicable transaction costs).  Any 

refunds due to failure to meet the Minimum Raise will be refunded within a reasonable

December 5th 2017 09:00 New York Time (EST) – December 19th 2017 23:59 New York Time 

(EST) 1 ETH = 2,500 BERRY + 33% Bonus

December 20th 2017 00:00 New York Time (EST) – January 16th 2018 23:59 New York Time 

(EST) 1 ETH = 2,500 BERRY + 27% Bonus

January 17th 2018 00:00 New York Time (EST) – February 28th 2018 23:59 New York Time 

(EST) 1 ETH = 2,500 BERRY + 25% Bonus



41

• Large Volume Purchasers (i.e., those who purchase BERRY tokens valued a total of 

3,000 ETH or more in a single transaction): 6 months vesting period, 16.67% vesting 

each month, with a 3-month cliff;

• Rentberry Employees: 4 years, linear vesting.

6.3.1 Token Sale Procedure and Allocation

Bitcoin (BTC)Ethereum (ETH)

To participate in the Token Sale, 

token buyers will pay in the 

following currencies:

The tokens will be delivered to the participants of the Token Sale after the Token Sale End 

Date. Transferability of the tokens is governed by the applicable vesting period, if any.

Vesting

The vesting schedule for each participating group is as follows:

The breakdown of token allocation is as follows:

• 70% of BERRY tokens to be allocated to the Token Sale;

• 20% of BERRY tokens to be created will be part of the Rentberry Reserve and will be 

retained by Rentberry, as described below;

• 10% of BERRY tokens to be created will be distributed to Rentberry’s founders and 

employees.

Rentberry is committed to a transparent token sale process and will notify the public of the

total amount of BERRY tokens in circulation after the completion of the Token Sale. Rentberry 

            final amount will depend on the bonuses that would be applied to the token sale. All 

unsold tokens will be burned.

            period of time from the end the Token Sale End Date;

• Total Supply: Initially 400 million BERRY tokens are allocated to the Token Sale. The



42

As described above, Rentberry will use the BERRY tokens in the Rentberry Reserve for future 

distributions, performing real estate community initiatives and offering inside-platform 

promotions (e.g., gifts and bonuses for landlords and tenants for taking certain actions or 

reaching certain milestones). 

The Rentberry Reserve may not be intentionally distributed to employees and is the sole 

property of Rentberry.

6.3.2 Rentberry Reserve 

will not create any new BERRY tokens after the Token Sale.

30% IT Development 

20% Marketing and Sales

15% Acquisitions and Partnerships

12.5% International Expansion

10% Admin and Operations

5% Development Fund

5% Legal

2.5% Bug Bounty Program

6.4 Budget Allocation Overview
It is important for Rentberry that the community understands how the funds from the Token 

Sale will be spent. The pie-charts below illustrate how the proceeds from sale of the BERRY 

tokens will be allocated after the conclusion of the Token Sale.

• IT Development: The proprietary technology for which we are applying for a patent will 

be the backbone for an efficient apartment rental process. The next-generation rental 

procedure will reduce bureaucratic challenges and will seek to eliminate the need for 

brokers or agents. Rentberry plans to continuously support and introduce new features, 

user interfaces, and language support for Web, iOS and Android;



43

• IT Development: The proprietary technology for which we are applying for a patent will 

be the backbone for an efficient apartment rental process. The next-generation rental 

procedure will reduce bureaucratic challenges and will seek to eliminate the need for 

brokers or agents. Rentberry plans to continuously support and introduce new features, 

user interfaces, and language support for Web, iOS and Android;

• Marketing and Sales: Rentberry will continue to run its marketing efforts on a lean, 

cost-efficient basis, and keep user acquisition costs to one of the lowest in the industry. 

Please refer to the ‘Expansion & Marketing Strategy’ section below for more details;

• Acquisitions and Partnerships: Our team plans to make acquisitions of real estate 

technology companies in order to boost our expansion and get access to industry-

relevant data and intellectual property;

• International Expansion: In order to expand successfully, our team will need to 

integrate with third-party service providers in different countries. Such integration will 

allow us to perform a variety of services, including checking local credit scores, 

performing tenant screenings and landlord verifications, and e-signing rental 

agreements. Integration will make it easier for us to enter new markets and gain 

traction much faster;

• Administration and Operations: Rentberry is running a lean, cost-effective start-up and 

plans to continue to do so in the future. However, to compete in the blockchain 

ecosystem at the highest levels, we will need funds for accounting and administrative 

activities;

• Development Fund: A small portion of the funds will be dedicated for strategic 

partnerships to enhance Rentberry’s revenue stream. This could be done, for example, 

in the form of co-branding and co-marketing initiatives with other companies;

• Legal: One of our primary focuses when starting this company in mid-2015 was to 

establish a solid legal foundation for Rentberry. That is why Rentberry is now engaged 

with some of the best legal teams, including Latham & Watkins LLP (general corporate 

counsel) and RedBrick IP (intellectual property and patent lawyers);



44

• Bug Bounty Program: Our goal is to make sure our platform will adhere to the highest 

security standards and have a minimal number of bugs. Even though we currently have 

a team of 23 people (the team will surely increase with our expansion), we do 

understand that it is crucial to reward the public for helping us build a platform with as 

few flaws as possible.

6.5 Risks to Participating in the Token Sale
Although there are many reasons to be optimistic about Rentberry’s prospects, participants in 

the Token Sale should keep in mind potential risks of participation. Those risks are set forth in 

the Token Sale Terms & Conditions.



“Building an innovative suite of screening and risk 
management services designed for the long-term 
rental industry.”

45

7. Expansion & Marketing Strategy

7.1 Expansion Plan

We plan to expand internationally by partnering with other companies in the real estate space, 

acquiring competitors, and doing extensive marketing. The marketing channels include the 

traditional press/publications, social media channels (Twitter, Facebook, Instagram), opinion 

influencers, real estate conferences, and word of mouth.

Rentberry is already well known internationally and has been covered by news publications in 

various countries. We plan to expand our partnerships with local credit bureaus, banks, 

insurance companies, property managers, and real estate companies around the world. Our 

team has already established relationships with many such companies in the EU, Asia, 

Australia and New Zealand.

Following is an illustration of the platform’s possible growth. Please note that all numbers are 

only projections based on our current estimates.



46

2018 2019 2020

Users

Listed Properties

Markets

Rental Applications 

Processed

Crowdsourced Rental

Deposits

Key Services

4 million

1 million

N. America (US, Canada) 

Oceania (Australia, New 

Zealand)

Asia (China, Korea, 

Japan)

Europe (the UK, 

Germany, France)

0.5 million

$100 million

Transparent Rental 

Application and Auction 

Process

Tokenized Platform/Rent 

Payments

Crowdsourced Rental 

Deposits and Rewards 

Integration

15 million

6 million

Asia (all countries) 

Europe (all countries)

S. America 

Africa

4 million

$300 million

Proprietary International 

Tenant and Landlord 

Scores

API for Third-Party 

Service Providers

Partnership with local 

credit bureaus and real 

estate companies

50 million

20 million

Global

15 million

$1billion +

Tokenized Utility Bills 

Payments

Smart-Lock Technology



47

Disclaimer: These projections are forward-looking, are subject to significant business, 

economic, regulatory and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are 

beyond the control of Rentberry and its management, and are based upon assumptions with 

respect to future decisions, which are subject to change. Actual results will vary and those 

variations may be material. For discussion of some of the important factors that could cause 

these variations, please consult Section 6.5 “Risks to Participating in the Token Sale” of this 

whitepaper and in particular, the Token Sale terms and conditions. Nothing in this whitepaper 

should be regarded as a representation by any person that these objectives will be achieved 

and Rentberry undertakes no duty to update its objectives as circumstances change.

THIS WHITEPAPER SETS FORTH A DESCRIPTION OF THE PLANNED RENTBERRY PLATFORM 

AND THE USE OF BERRY TOKENS.  THIS IS BEING PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL 

PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT A BINDING LEGAL AGREEMENT.  BERRY TOKEN SALES WILL 

BE GOVERNED BY THE TOKEN PURCHASE AGREEMENT AVAILABLE AT 

ICO.RENTBERRY.COM.  IN THE EVENT OF A CONFLICT BETWEEN THE TOKEN PURCHASE 

AGREEMENT AND THIS WHITEPAPER, THE TOKEN PURCHASE AGREEMENT GOVERNS.    

THIS WHITEPAPER IS NOT AN OFFERING DOCUMENT OR PROSPECTUS, AND IS NOT 

INTENDED TO PROVIDE THE BASIS OF ANY INVESTMENT DECISION OR CONTRACT.



48

7.2 30-Month Roadmap

2018

2019

2020

1H 2018

1H 2019

1H 2020

• Finalization and integration of Blockchain technology in 

application/auction process;

• Release of iOS and Android apps;

• Expansion to Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and the UK.

• Finalize development of artificial intelligence algorithms and 

start offering users our internationally valid Tenant and 

Landlord scores;

• Expansion to the rest of Europe and Asia;

• Initiation of Multi-Language Support.

• Start offering ability to pay local utility bills in BERRY tokens 

via the platform;

• Development of blockchain smart lock technology.

February 28th 2018

2H 2018

2H 2019

23:59 New York Time (EST)

• Offer ability to make rent payments in BERRY tokens;

• Establish crowdsourced rental deposit network that offers 

ability to save on rental deposits and generate rewards;

• Expansion to China, Korea, Japan, Germany and France;

• File patents in other countries.

• Offer API integration to local third-party service providers 

(individual / corporate accounts);

• Partnership with local credit bureaus and real estate 

companies;

• API integration with all Multiple Listing Services (MLS) in the 

U.S;

• Expansion to South America and Africa.

End of the Token Sale.

“Rentberry already has a product that is used by 
thousands. Now we want millions of people from all 
around the world to have the opportunity to use it.”



Conclusion
We are convinced that the long-term rental space is the next industry to be disrupted by 

blockchain technology, and our entire team believes that blockchain and smart contracts will 

play a crucial part in this upcoming disruption. Rentberry’s goal is to enable both landlords and

tenants to enjoy a fully decentralized rental experience that includes open and transparent

application processes, crowdsourced rental deposit networks, instant rent payments, and

internationally valid tenant and landlord scores. In addition, we envision the platform 

eliminating the need for agents or brokers, thereby helping landlords and tenants save 

millions of dollars in the long run. 

49

The biggest thank you goes to the blockchain community. Without the impressive foundation 

that’s been built over the last 8 years, we wouldn’t be working on our new-generation rental 

platform today. We also want to thank everyone who has contributed to the creation of this 

whitepaper.  Our developers, designers, marketing team, and everyone else who is not 

directly mentioned in this document. And, of course, we would like to thank our seed round 

investors who believed in our team and entrusted Rentberry with $4 million.



Legal Disclaimer 
As of the date of publication of this whitepaper, BERRY Tokens have no known potential uses 

outside of the Rentberry platform ecosystem and are not permitted to be sold or otherwise 

traded on third-party exchanges. This whitepaper does not constitute advice nor a 

recommendation by Rentberry, its officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, advisors 

or consultants, or any other person to any recipient of this document on the merits of the 

participation in the Token Sale. Participation in the Token Sale carries substantial risk and may 

involve special risks that could lead to a loss of all or a substantial portion of such an 

investment. Do not participate in the Token Sale unless you are prepared to lose the entire 

amount you allocated to purchasing BERRY Tokens. BERRY Tokens should not be acquired for 

speculative or investment purposes with the expectation of making a profit or immediate re-

sale. No promises of future performance or value are or will be made with respect to BERRY 

Tokens, including no promise of inherent value, no promise of continuing payments, and no 

guarantee that BERRY Tokens will hold any particular value. Unless prospective participants 

fully understand and accept the nature of Rentberry and the potential risks inherent in BERRY 

Tokens, they should not participate in the Token Sale. BERRY Tokens are not being structured 

or sold as securities. BERRY Tokens are not participation in Rentberry and BERRY Tokens hold 

no rights in Rentberry.  BERRY Tokens are sold as a functional good and all proceeds received 

by Rentberry may be spent freely by Rentberry, absent any conditions set out in this 

whitepaper. This whitepaper is not a prospectus or disclosure document and is not an offer to 

sell, nor the solicitation of any offer to buy any investment or financial instrument in any 

jurisdiction and should not be treated or relied upon as one. This whitepaper is for information 

only. Written authorisation is required for distribution of any or all parts contained herein.

All information here that is forward looking is speculative in nature and may change in 

response to numerous outside forces, including technological innovations, regulatory factors, 

and/or currency fluctuations, including but not limited to the market value of cryptocurrencies.

50



This whitepaper is for information purposes only and is subject to change. Rentberry cannot 

guarantee the accuracy of the statements made or conclusions reached in this document. 

Rentberry does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties (whether 

express or implied by statute or otherwise) whatsoever, including but not limited to:

This whitepaper includes references to third party data and industry publications. Rentberry 

believes that this industry data is accurate and that its estimates and assumptions are 

reasonable; however, there are no assurances as to the accuracy or completeness of this data. 

Third party sources generally state the information contained therein has been obtained from 

sources believed to be reliable; however, there are no assurances as to the accuracy or 

completeness of included information. Although the data are believed to be reliable, 

Rentberry has not independently verified any of the data from third party sources referred to in 

this whitepaper or ascertained the underlying assumptions relied upon by such sources.

Please note that Rentberry is in the process of undertaking a legal and regulatory analysis of 

the functionality of its BERRY Tokens. Following the conclusion of this analysis, Rentberry may 

decide to amend the intended functionality of its BERRY Tokens in order to ensure compliance 

with any legal or regulatory requirements to which we are subject. In the event that Rentberry 

decide to amend the intended functionality of its BERRY Tokens, Rentberry will update the 

relevant contents of this whitepaper and upload the latest version of this to its website.

Any BERRY Tokens could be impacted by regulatory action, including potential restrictions on 

the ownership, use, or possession of such tokens. Regulators or other circumstances may 

• any representations or warranties relating to merchantability, fitness for a particular 

purpose, suitability, wage, title or non-infringement; 

• that the contents of this document are accurate and free from any errors; and

• that such contents do not infringe any third party rights. Rentberry shall have no liability 

for damages of any kind arising out of the use, reference to or reliance on the contents 

of this document, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.  

51



demand that the mechanics of the BERRY Tokens be altered, all or in part. Rentberry may 

revise mechanics to comply with regulatory requirements or other governmental or business 

obligations. Nevertheless, Rentberry believe they have taken all commercially reasonable 

steps to ensure that its planned mechanics are proper and in compliance with currently 

considered regulations. 

This whitepaper contains forward-looking statements or information (collectively “forward-

looking statements”) that relate to Rentberry’s current expectations and views of future events. 

In some cases, these forward-looking statements can be identified by words or phrases such 

as “may”, “will”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “aim”, “estimate”, “intend”, “plan”, “seek”, “believe”, 

“potential”, “continue”, “is/are likely to” or the negative of these terms, or other similar 

expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Rentberry has based these 

forward-looking statements on its current expectations and projections about future events 

and financial trends that it believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, 

business strategy, financial needs, or the results of the Token Sale or the value or price 

stability of the BERRY Tokens. 

In addition to statements relating to the matters set out here, this whitepaper contains forward-

looking statements related to Rentberry’s proposed operating model. The model speaks to its 

objectives only, and is not a forecast, projection or prediction of future results of operations.

Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analysis made by 

Rentberry in light of its experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and 

expected future developments and other factors it believes are appropriate, and are subject to 

risks and uncertainties. Although the forward-looking statements contained in this whitepaper 

are based upon what Rentberry believes are reasonable assumptions, these risks, 

uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors could cause Rentberry’s actual results, 

performance, achievements, and experience to differ materially from its expectations

CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

52



expressed, implied, or perceived in forward-looking statements. Given such risks, prospective 

participants in a Token Sale should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking 

statements. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to those identified in the Token 

Sale terms and conditions. These are not a definitive list of all factors associated with a making 

a contribution to Rentberry, in connection with its operations. 

Rentberry undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events 

or circumstances after the date of this whitepaper.

The Company’s business is subject to various laws and regulations in the countries where it 

operates or intends to operate. There is a risk that certain activities of the Company may be 

deemed in violation of any such law or regulation. Penalties for any such potential violation 

would be unknown. Additionally, changes in applicable laws or regulations or evolving 

interpretations of existing law could, in certain circumstances, result in increased compliance 

costs or capital expenditures, which could affect Rentberry’s profitability, or impede 

Rentberry’s ability to carry on the business model and the BERRY Tokens model proposed in 

this whitepaper.

53



Source Material
1. Florida, Richard, “The Steady Rise of Renting,” CityLab, 2016, retrieved 5 September 2017 

from 

https://www.citylab.com/equity/2016/02/the-rise-of-renting-in-the-us/462948/.

2. Eurostat Statistics Explained, “Housing Statistics,” 2017, retrieved 5 September 2017 from 

http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/Housing_statistics.

3. MSCI, “Real Estate Market Size 2016,” MSCI, INC., 2016, retrieved 5 September 2017

https://www.msci.com/www/research-paper/real-estate-market-size-2016/0183961169.

4. UN Department of Public Information, “Trends in International Migrant Stock: The 2015 

Revision”, United Nations, 2015, retrieved 5 September 2017 from http://www.un.org/

sustainabledevelopment/blog/2016/01/244-million-international-migrants-living- abroad-

worldwide-new-un-statistics-reveal/.

5. Joint Center for Housing Studies of Harvard University, “America’s Rental Housing: 

Expanding Options for Diverse and Growing Demand,” 2015, retrieved 5 September 2017 from 

http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/sites/jchs.harvard.edu/files/

americas_rental_housing_2015_web.pdf.

6. Goodman, L., Pendall, R. and Zhu, J., “Housing and Housing Finance,”The Urban Institute, 

2015, retrieved 5 September 2017 from

https://www.urban.org/urban-wire/lower-homeownership-rate-new-normal.

7. The Global Findex Database 2014 | World Bank, 2015

http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/187761468179367706/pdf/WPS7255.pdf#page=3.

54



8. Global Wealth Report | Allianz, 2014

https://www.allianz.com/v_1411376219000/media/economic_research/publications/specials/

en/AGWR14e.pdf.

9. Global Real Estate Market Outlook | CBRE 2017

https://www.cbre.com/research-and-reports/2017-Global-RE-Market-Outlook.

10. Property Index Overview of European Residential Markets| Deloitte, 2017

https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/cz/Documents/survey/

Property_Index_2016_EN.pdf.

11. Emerging Trends in Real Estate | PwC, 2017

https://www.pwc.com/us/en/asset-management/real-estate/emerging-trends-in-real-

estate.html.

12. Real Estate Expansion lives on | KPMG, 2017

https://assets.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/ie/pdf/2017/02/ie-real-estate-expansion-lives-

on.pdf.

13. UK Housing Market Prospects Spring 2017 | BNP Paribas, 2017

https://www.realestate.bnpparibas.co.uk/bnppre/en/research/residential-report-spring-2017-

p_1648843.html.

14. Demographic Yearbook Population, Censuses’ Datasets | United Nations | 1995 - Present

https://unstats.un.org/unsd/demographic/products/dyb/dybcensusdata.htm.

15. Principles and Recommendations for Population and Housing Censuses Revision 2 | United 

Nations, 2008

https://unstats.un.org/unsd/demographic/sources/census/docs/P&R_Rev2.pdf.

55



56

16. Private households by Household Type, Measurement, Country and Year | United Nations 

Economic Commission for Europe, 2011

http://w3.unece.org/PXWeb/en/.

17. American Housing Survey (AHS) conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau

https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/ahs.html.

18. Estimates of the Total Housing Inventory for the United States: 2015 and 2016 | U.S. Census 

Bureau

https://www.census.gov/housing/hvs/files/annual16/ann16t_11.xlsx.

19. Vacant For-Rent Units, by Selected Characteristic for the United States | U.S. Census 

Bureau

https://www.census.gov/housing/hvs/files/annual16/ann16t_12.xlsx.

20. China Statistical Yearbook | National Bureau of Statistics of China, 2016

http://www.stats.gov.cn/tjsj/ndsj/2016/indexch.htm.

21. Census of India Population Enumeration

http://www.censusindia.gov.in/2011census/population_enumeration.html.

22. Population by Age Group and Relationship to Head of Household, Indonesia, 2010

http://sp2010.bps.go.id/index.php/site/tabel?tid=265.

23. Deutschland Census Database | Federal Statistical Office of Germany

https://ergebnisse.zensus2011.de/?locale=en#StaticContent:00,GWZ_4_3_0,m,table.

24. Population and Housing Census | Bangladesh 2011

https://web.archive.org/web/20140728231735/http://203.112.218.66/WebTestApplication/

userfiles/Image/Census2011/Bangladesh_glance.pdf.



57

25. Population and Household Estimates for England and Wales | Office for National Statistics, 

2011

https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/

populationestimates/bulletins/

2011censuspopulationandhouseholdestimatesforenglandandwales/2012-07-16.

26. Estimates of Households and Dwellings in Scotland | National Records of Scotland, 2016

https://www.nrscotland.gov.uk/statistics-and-data/statistics/statistics-by-theme/households/

household-estimates/2016.

27. The population and household estimates | Northern Ireland Statistics and Research 

Agency, 2011

https://www.nisra.gov.uk/statistics/2011-census/results/population-and-household-estimates.

28. Censo, National Institute of Statistics and Census of Argentina, 2010

https://web.archive.org/web/20120418015632/http://www.censo2010.indec.gov.ar/

resultadosdefinitivos_totalpais.asp.

29. Census, Central Bureau of Statistics, Nepal, 2011

https://sites.google.com/site/nepalcensus/home/preliminary-result-2011.

30. Demographic Properties, Israel Central Bureau of Statistics

http://www.cbs.gov.il/reader/?MIval=cw_usr_view_SHTML&ID=312.

31. Average Savings Account Interest Rates for 2017: Compared Across Banks

https://www.valuepenguin.com/average-savings-account-interest-rates.




