






















 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

The world’s first crypto market intelligence platform 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

Notice 
This is the short version of the future “white paper”. The goal here is to introduce main concepts 

and vision of what we are up to with fewer text and more visuals.  
 
 
  



 

 

Table of Contents 
 
Introduction 3 

Abstract 3 
Problem definition 3 
The target groups 3 

Solution 4 
A Circular Financial-Social Analysis Network 4 
Roles in the network 5 
First insight - crypto market sentiment 7 

How we will build crypto market sentiment tools 8 
Other kinds of market intelligence 10 

Some highlighted creativity and technical magic 13 
Crypto simulator/financial games 13 
Selective disclosure based on ZKP (Zero-Knowledge Proofs) 13 
Allow data scientists to work on the collected data 13 

Conclusion 15 
 
 
 
 
  



 

Introduction 

Abstract 

Santiment.net is a crypto-economic network with one purpose: To make participating 

crypto-traders more profitable by helping them manage risk. Santiment achieves this by 

providing participants with sentiment analysis tools and incentivizing high quality 

content and analysis. 

 

Problem definition 

Every active crypto-trader and investor (those who are managing their crypto portfolios 

by themselves), faces the following challenges: 

● When do we buy, sell or hold? 

● What asset is the best to hold now? Tomorrow? 

● How big should my crypto holdings be relative to fiat (USD, EUR, etc)? 

● How can I improve my trading/investing skills? 

 

The target groups 

These active traders can be divided into two groups: 

● Newcomer traders, who are just entering crypto  
● Experienced crypto-investors 

Newcomers are the most exposed to risk in crypto trading and investing. Buying the 

tops, based on FOMO (fear of missing out) and selling the bottoms (because of panic) 

are common experiences. 

 
 

 

  



 

Solution 

A Circular Financial-Social Analysis Network 

To trade better, traders need actionable crypto-market intelligence. By building a 

crypto-economic network that incentivizes the sharing of high quality trading 

intelligence and analysis, we can create an environment where actionable 

intelligence is worth sharing. 

● The crypto-economic network generates specific value, which is actionable 
crypto-market intelligence. 

● Like any circular network, it is basically a “digital token economy”. The digital 
token represents value generated in the network and is used as an incentive for 

participants. 

● The tokens can be: 
○ Earned​, by providing information and insights, and for structuring, 

packaging or processing, and visualizing this information  

○ Spent​, to access the information and insights 
● Some tokens can be earned (“mined”) directly from the platform 
● Others can be earned or spent in a P2P way between the network participants 

directly, without any middleman 

● Tokens can also be obtained or sold on exchanges 
 

 



 

Roles in the network 

Some market intelligence comes from the Santiment platform itself, based on data 

collected and provided by network participants. For instance, Santiment provides 

visualizations of  “crowd sentiment intensity” and your own “sentiment patterns”. 

 
Therefore the platform, created by the core dev team, is one of the key players as 

makers of sentiment mapping and analysis apps. 

 

Additional market intelligence comes from the network participants. We can divide 

these participants into the following groups: 

● Traders and investors 
● Analysts and financial content writers 
● Data scientists 

 
Let’s dive into the crypto market intelligence these players will make. 

 

 

 

  



 

First insight - crypto market sentiment 

Sentiment is key to understanding cycles in crypto markets. Sentiment is the net 

emotional trend of the crypto-crowd. “Tops” and “bottoms” are ​always​ built in specific 

sentiment environments, on any time scale. 

 
Every crypto market player contributes to this phenomenon, whether they’re aware of 

it or not. As part of the market all must participate for traders are always exposed to 

crowd emotions and acting under their influence. By leveraging these psychological 

trends, Santiment will provide unique access into the emotionally volatile 

crypto-markets. 

 
 
 

 
Simplified representation of the crowd sentiment 

 

 

  



 

How we will build crypto market sentiment tools 

 
1. Collect the data 

 

 
 
 

2. Structure the data and provide visualizations, such as crowd sentiment intensity, 
personal psychology patterns, etc. 

 

 



 

 
3. Release the data via community tools. The community can use these tools to 

analyze the data and share results. 

 
4. Track the performance of the results. Those with good sentiment track records 

will be given a "Santiment Score" and included in our general crowd sentiment 
index. 

 



 

Other kinds of market intelligence   

 
As  fundamental as crowd sentiment is, it’s not the only type of valuable market 

intelligence that will be available on the Santiment.net platform. We’ll also incentivize 

the community to create and evaluate financial content such as: 

● Trading strategy and activity from successful traders (with confirmed 
track-records) 

● Indications when traders who are mostly right (or wrong) at specific parts of the 
market are acting 

● Trading analytics, research, and articles 
● Fundamental analyses 

 
As the Santiment network matures, natural connections will emerge and grow between 

those who create valuable information and those who are willing to obtain it. 

 
The providers will decide the price for accessing this information. The more unique and 

valuable the data, the higher the demand, and the higher the price. Because the value of 

the network is measured by the market intelligence it produces for users, the value 

between the two should be directly related. 

 
 

 



 

 

Our platform enables the needed framework to deliver the market intelligence, 
including: 
 

● User-friendly mobile interfaces 
● “Selective disclosure” 
● Visualized traders’ activity 
● P2P micropayments 

 

 

 
 
We expect that community members will use these tools to build trading teams that 

complement their skillsets. 

 

 

  



 

Some highlighted creativity and technical 

magic 

Crypto simulator/financial games 

We’ll launch crypto financial games that provide traders and investors with unique 

learning opportunities. This data will then be used as sources of Santiment.net data and 

analysis. These financial games have the following features: 

● A fun and risk-free way learn crypto portfolio management 
● Modern UI/UX standards that lead the market 
● Ability to collect sentiment data directly from the players 
● Regular weekly/monthly distribution of tokens to winners as payment for 

success 

 

Selective disclosure based on ZKP (Zero-Knowledge Proofs) 

We are going to implement “Selective Disclosure” on a fundamental level on our 

platform in order to: 

● Prevent front-running 
● Make sure only those who pay with tokens have access to information 
● Prevent resale of information disclosed to the target person 
● Hide the real algorithms of the data processing providers, publishing processing 

results and validity proofs only.  

 

As far as reasonable, we plan to implement Selective Disclosure using ZKP 

(Zero-Knowledge Proofs) and especially zk-SNARKs methods in order to prevent any 

information leakage to unadmitted parties. 

Allow data scientists to work on the collected data 

We’ll open the our crowd sentiment data sets to network participants and let them 

analyze the data for themselves directly. 

 
 



 

Combined with an open API for our “crypto simulator” the results of their work can be 

tested automatically, and with selective disclosure (zn-Snark) the work can be shared 

with the community without revealing the code/algorithm. 

 
Those interested will be able to “follow” these data model signals. Based on 

popularity/demand the price will be set directly on P2P basis. 

 
Our platform will continually measure certain parameters like consistency, risk level 

and performance. We might even introduce a “limit” to access particularly trendy 

models, so that only those who are willing to pay P2P will be able to follow the  info 

produced by smart network participants. 

 
We might even consider building something like: 

 
 

These are just ideas however - possibilities for the future. The community itself will 
ultimately decide what is the best for the network. 
  



 

Conclusion 
 
We hope this paper has given you a closer look at our plans to build a powerful and 

useful crypto market intelligence platform. 

 
We have a lot of experience on our small team, but it’s only the combined effort of many 

people that will bring real success to such a platform. 

 
We are sharing everything we consider to be valuable and important in our current 

view, and hope the needed people will join us and make it happen. 

 
With Metta and positive vibrations, 

Santiment.net Team 

 
 

 


