














































scrinium_whitepaper_v5


Whitepaper

The future of portfolio investment

Unprecedented system that analyses traders performance and compiles 
them in an individual portfolio according to a level of profitability and risk 

ratio set by you.

Version 2.0
February 11, 2017



Presentation sheet

Introduction

What is the problem we are solving?
From individual traders to social trading

The solution

Key benefits

What makes Scrinium a win-win

How will an investor benefit from Scrinium?

How will a trader benefit from Scrinium?

Initial Coin Offering

What is your benefit from Scrinium ICO

Looking into the future
Roadmap

Technical implementation

Smart contracts and blockchain

Scalability and transaction costs

Functionality: how it works

Scrinium Team
Team members

Advisors

Our goal

How can you join and participate?

3

4

4

6

7

8

9

11

12

14

20

22

22

23

4

5

14

15

15

15

16

19

20

21

How do we generate profit?

FAQ



Trading in individual markets is complicated and it can take years of 

hard work to build the experience which results in a successful career. 

But investors want to grow their assets here and now. Copy or mirror 

trading solves the problem in part but makes it harder to separate the 

true professionals from newbie traders, and raises security and 

responsibility concerns. In short, it’s as hard to define traders’ existent 

and potential performance as it is to trade yourself. 

Scrinium is the solution. Based on the performance analysis of millions 

of traders around the world, it picks the most suitable and consistent 

traders and automatically creates an investment portfolio that fits 

every single private investor. 

All the investor needs to do is select profit and risk levels. This done, 

the portfolio will be automatically created and the investor will start 

receiving benefits immediately.

Each trader’s performance and results will be tracked, recorded and 

stored in blockchain and therefore it will be impossible to falsify, 

modify or delete them to mislead investors. Investors will receive

a 100% guarantee that traders’ performance data is genuine

The investor thus becomes independent from all the intermediaries 

that devour his profits by charging commissions - no investment funds 

or companies are a part of this process anymore.

Presentation sheet

3



Since the beginning of human history trading has been a universal way of 

exchanging goods and services. In many ways trading made us who we are 

now - it’s an essential part of our lives.

Every day billions of transactions take place around the world - we buy 

food, talk on the phone, get paid for our jobs. And yet at the same time

we invest. We pay for our kids’ schools, buy houses, all with the purpose

of investing in our future and the future of our families.

Even though you might not notice it in your daily routine, the fact is clear: 

modern life is impossible without trading and investing.

Now the time has come to take trading to the next level. With Scrinium’s 

unique innovative blockchain technology trading and investing are never 

going to be the same again.

With the Scrinium ICO you get an opportunity to be there at the beginning 

of this revolutionary blockchain-based decentralised portfolio investment 

technology and take advantage of profits from the initial offering.

Introduction

From individual traders to social trading

Ever since the first stock exchanges appeared, it was all about trading. 

Regardless of the markets or trading instruments, it used to take years

of learning to become a professional trader.

As traders accumulated knowledge it was quite difficult for investors, the 

other party involved in trading, to get in touch with professional traders 

around the world. Putting it simply, the demand exceeded the supply.

What is the problem we are

solving?

4



Investment funds and other types of of companies hunted brilliant traders 

to employ them, and offered relatively low returns for investors while 

gaining billions within their boiler rooms.

Lack of transparency brought a lot of them to crisis. Apart from the 

obvious investment risks, investors now had to deal with fear of failure.

As a result, the market found a solution and it was social trading, 

sometimes also referred to as mirror trading. It created an opportunity

to follow or copy someone else’s trades without having to spend years 

learning how to trade in various markets. A number of successful social 

trading platforms appeared, and investors could choose for themselves 

who to follow, basing their decision on the trader’s performance and 

results.

Unfortunately, as we all know, past performance does not guarantee 

future results. Another painful question immediately arose: how to 

distinguish an honest, skilled trader to follow from a one-hit wonder or 

pure luck? Bearing in mind that hard-earned money was quite often at 

stake, a wrong decision could result in a partial or full capital loss.

The solution

With the introduction of blockchain technology Scrinium found a solution. 

It uses a sophisticated yet transparent algorithm to analyse a trader’s 

performance and then automatically creates a portfolio of different 

traders around the globe for the investor.

From then on, all the investor has to do is to decide on the profitability 

and risk levels he or she is ready to accept. Based on the profitability/risk 

ratio, Scrinium will automatically pick the best and the most suitable 

traders and create an investment portfolio. After that the investor will 

start gaining profit immediately and automatically.

Scrinium does not depend on which markets, exchanges or even brokers 

the trader works with, it is absolutely independent and transparent for all 

participants.

5



Key benefits

6

Blockchain

Fast blockchain transactions

Transactions are transparent 

due to technologies used

Profitable

An automatically generated 

portfolio from most profitable 

traders around the world 

No fees for either trader and 

investor

Decentralised system

Numerous resources for 

portfolio compilation: Any 

profitable trader around the 

globe can be followed 

regardless of the platform

they trade on  

Vast pool of liquidity providers 

for better pricing

The contract is non-binding so 

an investor can withdraw from 

using Scrinium at any time 

ScrinCoin

Unique deposit asset and 

internal system currency 

Coin rate grows with higher 

demand of the system’s 

functionality



Investor benefits

What makes Scrinium a win-win

AI-generated portfolio

Ease of use and setup

Investor profits from token 

value growth

Automatic payouts

No-binding contract (no fixed 

investment terms, funds can 

be withdrawn at any time)

Transparency and security

Scrinium reinvents portfolio investment in a way that is a 100% 

beneficial for all market participants. Every party involved receives 

significant profits from using Scrinium.

Trader benefits

Immense choice of markets 

platforms and exchanges to 

trade with

Regular trading with 

significant additional 

incentives paid to the trader

Trader rewards paid out 

automatically in real time

No middlemen involved

LP/Broker/Exchange benefits

Significant increase in trading 

volumes

Significant increase in capital 

investment

Media coverage when 

integrating with Scrinium

7



How will an investor benefit
from Scrinium?

Investors always seek opportunities to have their assets grow with

as little risk as possible. Scrinium offers a revolutionary portfolio 

investment model to achieve that.

Let’s look into an example:

An investor from Hong Kong named James has 1 million USD in 

hard-earned capital that he is willing to invest. James is thinking about 

buying a new house for his family, but the real estate prices are a bit 

high, so he wants to postpone the purchase for a couple of years.

As James starts seeking opportunities to invest he will be immediately 

set upon by numerous funds or companies promising high interest 

rates and returns on his investment.

Yet James doesn’t know who to trust his funds to. Everybody is 

showing performance charts, and a lot of data being presented to 

James, but he is experienced enough to know that none of that can 

actually guarantee him anything.

Eventually James ends up surrounded by flashy brochures and his 

phone keeps exploding with calls from sales managers, but he’s still 

nowhere even close to meeting his actual need- that is, growing his 

capital.

With Scrinium, James joins the innovative portfolio investment model 

with just a few clicks. After that, he selects the profit/risk level he is 

willing to take. Let’s say he is fine with a slightly conservative strategy 

of 10% profitability and 5% maximum risk.

Scrinium automatically selects a number of traders with the most 

suitable trading pattern and skills matching James’s requirements.

This investment portfolio will now work for James.

8



James purchases Scrincoins worth his investment amount via our 

innovative platform, in no time at all. This done, James starts receiving 

regular payouts from his portfolio investment.

The benefits James receives are not subject to any commissions or 

fees. Since there is no middlemen between James and traders in his 

portfolio, both parties benefit by not paying any extras or 

transactional costs.

As time goes by, more and more people in the world start using 

Scrinium as their unique investment option. The Scrincoins James 

bought grow in value, increasing James’s wealth. When James feels 

it’s the right time, he cashes his funds out at no cost and buys the 

house he always dreamt about.

How will a trader benefit
from Scrinium?

After reaching a certain level of expertise traders are willing to sell 

their trading skills in the market. They either seek corporate 

employment or join one of numerous exchanges or brokers. Generally 

speaking, capital requirements define the trader’s income. The more 

funds and volume they trade, the more profit they make.

Scrinium provides a unique solution for traders. Let’s look at another 

example:

A trader named William from the UK is a skilled stock trader who is 

currently unemployed due to the economic turbulence of recent years. 

While being a strong and consistent trader, he can’t afford to trade big 

volumes and amounts.

William used to be a member of several social trading platforms, and 

showed quite spectacular results, but always faced problems growing 

his follower database. 

9



On top of that, every exchange or brokerage would charge him and

his clients for each transaction. After all hidden fees and commissions 

applied there was not much left for him to take. Still, William has bills 

to pay and a family to feed. He is seeking employment or another 

stable income source. Given his qualifications as a stock market trader 

he definitely deserves one. 

With Scrinium William can benefit from his professional trading by 

receiving rewards. He can trade within whatever technical 

environment, exchange or brokerage he is comfortable with. William 

can integrate his trading account via FIX, MT4/5 or another protocol, 

in seconds.

After that, his trading performance and results will immediately 

become visible to thousands of investors worldwide. Scrinium AI 

analyses William’s trading style, strategy and patterns and assigns 

William’s account to the portfolios of appropriate investors. As the 

number of investors that follow William grows, William will get more 

and more monetary incentives from Scrinium. The more William trades 

- the more money he gets.

With much more capital at hand, William is now capable of trading 

much higher volumes and generating more profit. Alternatively, 

William is always free to cash out his Scrinium rewards.

William has finally found a stable income source, and as more 

investors follow him, he earns more day by day.

10



ScrinCoin

Initial Coin Offering

Scrinium (SCR) coin will be the operating Scrinium currency that 

you will invest in your trades

Total supply:

64 000 000 SCR

Technology:

Ethereum

Token price:

1 = 3 000

PreICO

28% – 18 000 000 SCR

Team & advisors

14% – 8 800 000 SCR

Internal liquidity pool

9% – 6 000 000 SCR

Bounty

4% – 2 400 000 SCR

ICO

45% – 28 800 000 SCR

Token Allocation

11



What is your benefit from
the Scrinium ICO

Here are the key points that make this ICO beneficial for prospective 

cryptoinvestors:

PreICO ICO

11/12/17 – 11/01/18Dates

18 000 000 SCR

Unsold coins will be

sold during ICO

Coins for sale

30%

11/02/18 - 11/03/18

28 800 000 SCR

Unsold coins will be

burned

20% – 1st week  

15% – 2nd week

10% – 3rd week

Bonus 

Scrinium will use Scrincoin as an internal payments engine. With 

the growth of Scrinium popularity, the demand for Scrincoins will 

rise, pushing its price higher and higher

Our statistical research shows that once Scrinium attracts only 

50,000 active investors the Scrincoin price will exceed 100 USD

in value making it over a thousand times more expensive than

to start with

Joining the Scrinium ICO right now is your unique chance to obtain an asset 

that will grow rapidly,  at its lowest cost ever.

12



We expect to attract at least 50,000 investors to Scrinium. Obviously, the 

investment amount will vary from small investments of about 10,000 USD 

to several millions. Our regional managers are negotiating some quite 

significant investments from around the world, and from that we can see 

that people are showing interest in our portfolio investment offer. The 

expected distribution of the investment amounts will look like this:

Therefore, the expected investment amount is 10.7bn USD. The amount in 

question logically will be spread across the total of 64,000,000 Scrincoins 

issued.

Due to the nature of the market, we’ll also take into consideration that out 

of the 64 million Scrincoins, a certain percentage will be purchased by 

cryptocurrency speculators, not intending to create portfolios, and a certain 

percentage will go to the team. We’ll also consider the risk that not all the 

Scrincoins will be sold during the ICO and some may be burnt (up to 15% 

as stated in the risk projections prepared by our risk/financial team).

With this in mind we expect about 53,000,000 Scrincoins to be in the 

actual turnover. With 10.7bn USD in capital (investments made by Scrinium 

investors) the Scrincoin price will be 201 USD.

It’s also widely known that the actual price of a cryptocurrency is defined 

largely by the market (which in turn is affected by demand, rumours, 

so-called hype, speculations, etc). This means that we could very likely see 

the 100 USD benchmark reached much before the projected investment 

capital is introduced.

13



Looking into the future

Business Development

Roadmap

March 2017

Idea development Math model prototype

May 2017

Team formation

July 2017

Initial development stage

Analytics and research Architecture development stage

June 2017

January 2018

Team growth

December 2017

PreICO Internal prototype for testing purposes

February 2018

ICO

March 2018

Blockchain contracts integration

April 2018

Digital asset exchanges listing

Liquidity connect Public prototype release

May 2018

June 2018

Smart portfolio compilation

July 2018

Testing

September 2018

Product release

October 2018

Extended number of Liquidity providers

14



New trader joining and account integration

New investor signup

Investment portfolio design

Profit distribution

Operations in the market (i.e. trading)

Integration with exchanges, liquidity providers 

and brokerages

Technical implementation

Scrinium is a decentralised blockchain-based portfolio investment 

platform that operates using smart contracts.

Smart contracts and blockchain

We built Scrinium around blockchain and smart contracts working in the 

Ethereum environment. The following functionality is to be implemented 

using this technology:

Due to implementing smart contracts we have an automated and 

transparent investment platform and profit distribution model. Blockchain 

technology ensures that all the data is fully transparent, can’t be falsified 

and protected from leaks or unauthorised third party access.

Scalability and transaction costs

Scrinium will utilise Ethereum with off-chain Raiden Network 

implementation to guarantee stability and scalability of the entire network 

as well as rapid (within a sub-second) and flawless transactions.

As stated on their official page:

“The Raiden Network is an off-chain scaling solution, enabling 

near-instant, low-fee and scalable payments. Its complementary to the 

Ethereum blockchain and works with any ERC20 compatible token.”

15



Scales linearly with the number of participants

Works with any token that follows Ethereum’s standardized 

token API (ERC20)

Transfers can be confirmed within a subsecond

Individual transfers don’t show up in the global shared ledger

Transfer fees can be orders of magnitude lower than on the 

blockchain

Low transaction fees allow to efficiently transfer tiny values

The Raiden Network advantages:

Scrinium will send a query to Raiden Network, where it will be converted into 

a valid transaction and sent back to the recipient.

The Raiden Network will remain the underlying blockchain fabric for 

Scrinium during the development stage. However, we are constantly 

monitoring the market for new ventures  and remain open to implementing

a different solution, in case it proves to be more efficient. Both Ethereum

and Raiden are working on speeding up transactions and lowering costs,

so Scrinium will be sure to implement the best solution available.

Functionality – how it works

Scrinium will consist of the following essential building blocks:

Client apps

Mobile apps and browser-based versions of the Scrinium investment 

platform with complete out-of-the-box functionality and easy-to-use 

intuitive interface design.

Data storage and integration

A highly scalable environment will be built on standard web technologies 

and decentralised distributed IPFS/SWARM and BigchainDB/IPDB 

technologies. It will include the following parts:

16

Trader and investor apps/platform functionality

AI algorithm for individual investment portfolio design

Integration with exchanges, cryptoexchanges, FIX API, MT4/5, 

and other platforms

API for liquidity providers integration



Blockchain

Scrinium uses blockchain Ethereum smart contract-based technology

to store data related to traders, investors, trading operations, investment 

portfolios, profit distribution, balances, and financial transactions.

Security

After thoroughly studying the world's most up-to-date security 

technologies, the Scrinium team came up with a unique customer data 

security solution that integrates the most reliable technologies available

at the moment:

17

Face recognition

Biometric verification

Default two-factor verification

Decentralized transaction history/performance data storage

AML/KYC procedures compliant with upcoming MiFID II standards

2048-bit signatures with 256 bit encryption

Upcoming PCI DSS Level 1 certification

Knowing that security is the essential part of any financial service, our 

team keeps researching other security technologies to implement within 

the Scrinium platform later on.

Step-by-step

An investor would open an account and select suitable options 

for his portfolio generation.

A trader would connect his new or existing trading account

to Scrinium via API.

The trader would then carry on trading in their usual manner, 

while Scrinium would record the trades, analyse them and 

suggest inclusion into different investor portfolios depending

on trading performance and consistency.

At the same time Scrinium would send exact copies of the 

trader’s orders to the investor’s account in one or several liquidity 

providers from a liquidity pool.

Once a trade is closed with positive results, Scrinium assigns 

profit to the investor immediately and pays out the trader’s 

reward.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.



Each of the steps will utilise smart-contracts and blockchain technology. 

Smart contracts allow Scrinium to build an automated and open trading 

environment and portfolio management system. Blockchain technology 

makes all the data and transactions transparent and protected from any 

third party interference.

18

BC/UD

3977.792

BC/UD

3977.792

GH/SO

2282.02

HK/VF

28.13

15.94 WBK

JKS
18.85

tra
der

DB/CS

1208.83

734’347 SCR

Investor
100%

10%

Profit

Risk

300%

30%

HK/VF



How do we generate profit?

Liquidity providers pay us commission for traded volume coming from 

the Scrinium platform, which is a classic scheme for financial services.

We split this payment into the system profit and traders rewards for 

successful trades.

If you are an investor, there is no fee for creating an account and we don’t 

deduct anything from profitable transactions.

19

21 3

1.000.000 SCR
Investor

Trading volume

Liquidity providers

Trader

Trader’s reward System profit

Scrinium



Scrinium Team

20

Sebastian Forbes

Finance Director

George Pantzis

MBA – Trading/Dealing
Expert

Alexey Taygin

System Architect
and DAO developer

Demetris
Christou

BSc, MBA, ACCA –
Risk/Compliance

Manager

Tatiana
Shabanova

Board Member

We are software developers, digital marketing specialists, database 

engineers, graphic and UX designers, legal experts, fintech professionals 

and visionaries, customer satisfaction specialists and account managers

all working every day to deliver the top-notch revolutionary investment 

product we have always wanted to see live.

Team members

Dina Ennab

Regional Investor
Relations Manager:

MENA region

Christina
Constantinides

Regional Investor
Relations Manager: Europe

Ivan Savinov

Smart contract
and DAO developer

Olga Vasilyeva

Senior IT/Development
Consultant



21

Larissa Borisova

Senior IT Consultant

Andreas Siapanis

MBA – Legal Council

Advisors

People are the core of any initiative and business. Our team makes us 

proud. Being a truly unique innovative product, Scrinium gathered a team 

of fantastic professionals from around the world to work on it. We share 

vision of a better tomorrow, top-class expertise and years of experience

in our fields.

Abhijith
Naraparaju

Blockchain Solution
Architect

Tomoaki Sato

Founder at Starbase

Marcin Zduniak

Bitcoin, Ethereum,
Blockchain, Cryptocurrencies

Software Developer

Wulf Kaal

Crypto Speaker,
Entrepreneur, Technologist,

Professor

Simon Cocking

Business mentor
and advisor



How can you join and participate?

22

Investor Buy coins, support our mission 
and profit on a daily basis

Trader Apply for a portfolio review
by our AI system

Liquidity providers
and brokers

Become an early adopter or our 

liquidity partner

Our goal

Why are we going for ICO?

We have been dreaming of the innovative portfolio investment for a long 

time, seeing the demand and people’s needs. We believe this is the 

perfect time for a new start with such a state-of-the-art product as 

Scrinium. We have the resources, team and skills to make it happen but 

with additional funding from the ICO we can develop and launch it much 

faster, allowing more people to benefit from it.

We also want to grant early investors the opportunity to multiply their 

profit from Scrinium by taking advantage of Scrincoin price growth. We 

seek partners to share our vision on the future of portfolio investment 

around the world.



23

FAQ

The documentation does not say anything about the lock-up period for 

the team. Is there no lock-up period?

There won’t be any lock-up period for the team members.

Does the project have a soft cap? Are the funds returned to investors if 

the soft cap is not reached?

The project doesn’t have a soft cap, because the development and 

release of the platform will happen regardless of whether the planned 

amount will be collected or not.

What are you going to spend the money on? What is the time-frame?

First of all, the contribution will be used in recruitment of more 

specialists to join the development team. The funds will also be allocated 

on the integration of the platform and marketing in order to attract 

participants.

Which assets will be available: stocks, bonds, currency pairs, CFD, 

derivatives, cryptocurrencies?

All of the above.

Where will the assets of your customers be stored? How will their 

security be ensured?

Everything will be recorded and stored in the blockchain – the most 

secure system today, that hasn’t encountered any fraudulent cases

so far.


