








































Microsoft Word - Sentinel.Chain.Whitepaper.v0_31.1.docx


 
 
 

1 of 50 

This is a Draft Whitepaper and the information in this Draft Whitepaper is subject to further verification of, 
updating, revision and amendments by the Token Group (as defined below). 

 
 

 

 

Sentinel Chain  
 

 

Whitepaper 

The World’s First Global Marketplace for Financial Inclusion Services  
Version 31.1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Anyone may use, reproduce or distribute any material in this white paper for non-
commercial or educational use without permission (i.e. other than for a fee or for 
commercial purposes) provided that the original source and the applicable 
copyright notice are cited. 



 
 
 

2 of 50 

 

 

Contents 
 

Legal Disclaimer        4 – 11 

 

1 Abstract        12  
 

2 Introduction        13  
 

3 The Team        14 – 17  
 
3.1 Project Team 
3.2 Board of Advisors 
3.3 Investment Partners 
 

4 Market Trends and Potential     18 – 20 
 
4.1 The Hidden Economic Capital of the Unbanked  
4.2 The Rising Global Demand for Food 
 

5 The Sentinel Chain Ecosystem     21 – 25 
 
5.1 Livestock Identification Tag  
5.2 CrossPay Mobile Application 
5.3 CrossPay Blockchain 
5.4 Sentinel Chain 
5.5 Sentinel Chain Token (SENC) 
5.6 Differences between LCT and SENC 
5.7 Sentinel Chain Alliance Partners 
 

6 The Sentinel Chain Token (SENC) Features   26 – 33  
 
6.1 Insurance 
6.2 Loan 
6.3 Collateral 
6.4 Crowdfunding 
6.5 Community Projects 
6.6 E-Payments 
6.7 Increase in Adoption and Utilisation 

  



 
 
 

3 of 50 

 
7 The Sentinel Chain Token Sale     34 – 37  

 
7.1 The Sale Details 
7.2 Token Distribution Schedule 
7.3 Use of Funds 
7.4 Foundation Structure 
7.5 InfoCorp AgTech 
7.6 InfoCorp Technologies 
7.7 Execution and Roadmap	
 

8 Conclusion        38 
 

9 References        39 
 
Appendix A – Livestock Identity Tag    40  
Appendix B – CrossPay Mobile App     41 
Appendix C – CrossPay Blockchain     42 – 46 
Appendix D – Sentinel Chain     47 – 50  

 

 
 

  



 
 
 

4 of 50 

IMPORTANT: YOU MUST READ THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMER IN FULL BEFORE 
CONTINUING 
 
The sale of the Sentinel Chain Token (“Sentinel Tokens” or “SENC”), as detailed in this whitepaper (the 
“Whitepaper”) is only intended for, made to or directed at, only persons outside the United States of 
America and the People’s Republic of China, provided such persons are not citizens, persons domiciled in, or 
residents of countries the laws of which prohibit or conflict with the Token Sale (as defined below) or 
participation in the Token Sale, and may be acted upon only by persons outside the United States of America 
and the People’s Republic of China provided such persons are not citizens, persons domiciled in, or residents 
of countries the laws of which prohibit or conflict with the Token Sale or participation in the Token Sale. 
Moreover, this Whitepaper is not a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute 
an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any 
other form of investment, or a solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction. No regulatory 
authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. This Whitepaper 
has not been registered with any regulatory authority in any jurisdiction. 
 
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the 
case may be), you represent and warrant to each of the following entities:  
 
(a) Infocorp Technologies Pte. Ltd. (Singapore Company No.: 201504991D) (“InfoCorp 

Technologies”); 
 

(b) Infocorp Foundation Ltd. (Singapore Company No: 201730648H) (“Foundation”); and 
 

(c) InfoCorp AgTech Ltd. (British Virgin Islands Company No: 1964579) (“InfoCorp AgTech”) 
 
(collectively, the “Token Group”, and each, a “Token Group Entity”), that: 
 
(i) you are not a citizen, resident, person domiciled in, or green card holder of the United States of 

America; 
 
(ii) you are not a citizen, person domiciled in, or resident of a country the laws of which prohibit or 

conflict with the Token Sale (as referred hereto in the Whitepaper) or your participation in the 
Token Sale; 

 
(iii) you agree to be bound by the limitations and restrictions described herein; and 
 
(iv) you acknowledge that this Whitepaper has been prepared for delivery to you so as to assist you in 

making a decision as to whether to purchase the Sentinel Tokens. 
 
  



 
 
 

5 of 50 

IMPORTANT NOTICE 
 
This Whitepaper in current form is being circulated by the Token Group for general information and to invite 
investor feedback only on the Sentinel Chain Ecosystem (as referred hereto in the Whitepaper) as presently 
conceived, and is subject to review and revision by the Token Group, the advisers, and/or legal advisers of 
the Token Group. Please do not replicate or distribute any part of this Whitepaper without this note in 
accompaniment. No part of this Whitepaper is intended to create legal relations between a recipient of this 
Whitepaper or to be legally binding or enforceable by such recipient against any Token Group Entity. An 
updated version of this Whitepaper may be published on a date to be determined and announced by the 
Token Group in due course. 
 
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED “DISCLAIMER 
OF LIABILITY”, “NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES”, “REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES BY YOU”, “CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS”, 
“THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS”, “TERMS USED”, 
“NO ADVICE”, “NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE”, “RESTRICTIONS ON 
DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION”, “NO OFFER OF INVESTMENT OR REGISTRATION” 
AND “RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES” CAREFULLY. 
 
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD 
CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). 
 
The Sentinel Tokens are proprietary ERC20 Token Standard cryptographic tokens developed and issued by 
the Token Group to function [as the native utility token used in the Sentinel Chain Ecosystem. “ERC20 
Token Standard” means the set of criteria, (including criteria in relation to functions and events) developed 
by the Ethereum community, which has to be met in a smart contract on a blockchain in order to enable 
inter-operability across multiple interfaces and distributed applications. 
 
The Sentinel Tokens are not intended to constitute securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a 
collective investment scheme or any other form of investment in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not 
constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of 
any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment, 
or a solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction. 
 
This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion or any advice to acquire, sell, or any 
solicitation of any offer by any Token Group Entity to acquire any Sentinel Tokens nor shall it or any part of 
it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or 
investment decision. 
 
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the acquisition of 
Sentinel Tokens and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this 
Whitepaper. 
 
Any agreement as between a Token Group Entity and you as a participant in the sale of the Sentinel Tokens 
by a Token Group Entity (the “Token Sale”), and in relation to any purchase of Sentinel Tokens is to be 
governed by only a separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the “Token Sale Terms”) of 
such agreement. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Token Sale Terms and this Whitepaper, the 
former shall prevail. 
 
THE TOKEN SALE IS INTENDED FOR, MADE TO OR DIRECTED AT ONLY PERSONS 
OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
AND MAY BE ACTED UPON ONLY BY PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA AND THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA, PROVIDED SUCH PERSONS ARE 
NOT CITIZENS, PERSONS DOMICILED IN, OR RESIDENTS OF COUNTRIES THE LAWS OF 
WHICH PROHIBIT OR CONFLICT WITH THE TOKEN SALE OR PARTICIPATION IN THE 
TOKEN SALE. ACCORDINGLY, YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE AND YOU ARE NOT TO 
PURCHASE ANY SENTINEL TOKENS IN THE TOKEN SALE IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA AT THE TIME OF 
YOUR INTENDED PURCHASE / PURCHASE OF SENTINEL TOKENS IN THE TOKEN SALE. 
YOU ARE ALSO NOT ELIGIBLE AND YOU ARE NOT TO PURCHASE ANY SENTINEL 
TOKENS IN THE TOKEN SALE IF YOU ARE A CITIZEN OF, RESIDENT OF, DOMICILED IN, 
OR GREEN CARD HOLDER OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR IF YOU ARE A 



 
 
 

6 of 50 

CITIZEN OF, DOMICILED IN, OR RESIDENT OF A COUNTRY THE LAWS OF WHICH 
PROHIBIT OR CONFLICT WITH THE TOKEN SALE OR PARTICIPATION IN THE TOKEN 
SALE. 
 
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No 
such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The 
publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, 
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with. 
 
There are risks and uncertainties associated with the Token Group and its business and operations, the 
Sentinel Tokens, the Token Sale, and the Sentinel Chain Ecosystem. Please refer to the section entitled 
“Risks and Disclosures” set out in the Token Sale Terms. 
 
This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any country 
where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted. 
 
No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this section and 
the following sections entitled “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No Representations and Warranties”, 
“Representations and Warranties By You”, “Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking Statements”, “Third 
Party Information and No Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No Advice”, “No Further Information 
or Update”, “Restrictions On Distribution and Dissemination”, “No Offer of Investment Or Registration” and 
“Risks and Uncertainties”. 
 
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY 
 
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, none of the Token Group 
Entities shall be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, 
contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), 
arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by 
you. 
 
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
None of the Token Group Entities makes or purport to make, and each Token Group Entity hereby disclaims, 
any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any 
representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the 
information set out in this Whitepaper. 
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU 
 
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the 
case may be), you represent and warrant to each of the Token Group Entities as follows: 
 
(a) you agree and acknowledge that the Sentinel Tokens do not constitute securities of any form, units 

in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment in any 
jurisdiction; 
 

(b) you are not a citizen, person domiciled in, or resident of a country the laws of which prohibit or 
conflict with the Token Sale or your participation in the Token Sale; 
 

(c) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document 
of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business 
trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment in any jurisdiction, or 
a solicitation for any form of investment, and you are not bound to enter into any contract or 
binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the 
basis of this Whitepaper; 
 

(d) you acknowledge and understand that no SENC Token should be construed, interpreted, classified 
or treated as enabling, or according any opportunity to, tokenholders to participate in or receive 
profits, income, or other payments or returns arising from or in connection with the Sentinel Tokens 
or the proceeds of the Token Sale, or to receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other 
payments or returns; 



 
 
 

7 of 50 

  
(e) you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the 

information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws, 
regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or 
dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory 
requirements or rules have been complied with; 
 

(f) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion of the 
Token Sale, or future trading of Sentinel Tokens on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be 
construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of any Token Group Entity, 
the Sentinel Tokens, the Token Sale, and the Sentinel Chain ecoystem; 
 

(g) the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or 
acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or 
rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you 
have observed and complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and without liability to 
any Token Group Entity; 
 

(h) you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to acquire any Sentinel Tokens, 
Sentinel Tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as: 

 
(i) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency; 

 
(ii) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity; 

 
(iii) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares; 

 
(iv) rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or pretended 

purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss; 
 

(v) units in a collective investment scheme; 
 

(vi) units in a business trust; 
 

(vii) derivatives of units in a business trust; or 
 

(viii) any form of investment;  
 

(i) you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to acquire any Sentinel Tokens if you 
are a: 
 
(i) citizen, resident, person domiciled in, or green card holder of the United States of America; 

 
(ii) citizen, resident, person domiciled in, or resident of a country the laws of which prohibit or 

conflict with the Token Sale or your participation in the Token Sale; or 
 

(iii) person who is located in the United States of America or the People’s Republic of China at 
the time of your intended purchase or purchase of Sentinel Tokens in the Token Sale; 

 
(j) you are legally permitted to participate in the Token Sale and all actions contemplated or associated 

with such participation, including the holding and use of Sentinel Tokens; 
 

(k) the amounts that you use to acquire the Sentinel Tokens were not and are not directly or indirectly 
derived from any activities that contravene the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction, including 
anti-money laundering laws and regulations; 
 

(l) if you are a natural person, you are of sufficient age and capacity under the applicable laws of the 
jurisdiction in which you reside and the jurisdiction of which you are a citizen to participate in the 
Token Sale; 
 

(m) you are not obtaining or using Sentinel Tokens for any illegal purpose; 
 



 
 
 

8 of 50 

(n) you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, 
transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based 
software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain 
technology, and smart contract technology; 
 

(o) you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any Sentinel 
Tokens, there are risks associated with each Token Group Entity and its respective businesses and 
operations, Sentinel Tokens, the Token Sale, and the Sentinel Chain Ecosystem; 
 

(p) you bear the sole responsibility to determine what tax implications a purchase of Sentinel Tokens 
may have for you and agree not to hold any Token Group Entity or any other person involved in the 
Token Sale liable for any tax liability associated with or arising therefrom; 
 

(q) you agree and acknowledge that none of the Token Group Entities is liable for any direct, indirect, 
special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise 
(including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out 
of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by 
you;  
 

(r) you waive the right to participate in a class action lawsuit or a class wide arbitration against the any 
Token Group Entity and/or any person involved in the Token Sale and/or with the creation and 
distribution of Sentinel Tokens; and 
 

(s) all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading 
from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this Whitepaper or such part thereof 
(as the case may be). 

 
CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by 
the public and oral statements that may be made by the Token Group Entities or its respective directors, 
executive officers or employees acting on behalf of any Token Group Entity (as the case may be), that are 
not statements of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking statements”. Some of these statements can be 
identified by forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, 
“expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”, “project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other 
similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. 
All statements regarding the Token Group’s business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects 
of the industry which the Token Group is in are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements, including but not limited to statements as to the Token Group’s prospects, future plans, other 
expected industry trends and other matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding the Token Group are 
matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. 
 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that 
may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of the Token Group to be materially 
different from any future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. These factors include, amongst others: 

 
(a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the 

regulatory environment in the countries in which the Token Group conducts its business and 
operations, including Singapore; 
 

(b) the risk that the Token Group may be unable to execute or implement its business strategies and 
future plans; 
 

(c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; 
 

(d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of the Token Group and 
the Sentinel Chain Ecosystem; 
 

(e) changes in the availability and fees payable to any Token Group Entity in connection with its 
businesses and operations or in the Sentinel Chain Ecosystem network; 
 



 
 
 

9 of 50 

(f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by the respective Token 
Group Entity to operate their respective businesses and operations; 
 

(g) changes in preferences of users of the Sentinel Chain Ecosystem; 
 

(h) changes in competitive conditions under which the Token Group operates, and the ability of the 
Token Group to compete under such conditions; 
 

(i) changes in the future capital needs of the Token Group and the availability of financing and capital 
to fund such needs; 
 

(j) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism; 
 

(k) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the businesses 
and/or operations of the Token Group; 
 

(l) other factors beyond the control of the Token Group; and 
 

(m) any risk and uncertainties associated with the Token Group and its business and operations, the 
Sentinel Tokens, the Token Sale, and the Sentinel Chain Ecosystem. 
 

All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to the Token Group or persons acting on behalf of 
the Token Group are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and uncertainties 
that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of the Token Group to be materially 
different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Whitepaper, 
undue reliance must not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking statements are applicable only 
as of the date of this Whitepaper. 
 
None of the Token Group Entities or any other person represents, warrants, and/or undertakes that the actual 
future results, performance or achievements of the Token Group will be as discussed in those forward-
looking statements. The actual results, performance or achievements of the Token Group may differ 
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 
 
Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as 
to the future performance or policies of the Token Group. 
 
Further, each Token Group Entity disclaims any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking 
statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future 
developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in 
the future. 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS 
 
This Whitepaper includes information obtained from various third party sources (“Third Party 
Information”). None of the publishers of Third Party Information has consented to the inclusion of Third 
Party Information in this Whitepaper and is therefore not liable for Third Party Information. While the Token 
Group has taken reasonable action to ensure that Third Party Information have been included in their proper 
form and context, none of the Token Group Entities or its respective directors, executive officers, and 
employees acting on its behalf, has independently verified the accuracy, reliability, completeness of the 
contents, or ascertained any applicable underlying assumption, of the relevant Third Party Information. 
Consequently, none of the Token Group Entities or its directors, executive officers and employees acting on 
their behalf makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of such 
information and shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same. 
 
TERMS USED 
 
To facilitate a better understanding of the Sentinel Tokens being the subject of the sale conducted by the 
Token Group, and the businesses and operations of the Token Group, certain technical terms and 
abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have been used in this Whitepaper. These 
descriptions and assigned meanings should not be treated as being definitive of their meanings and may not 
correspond to standard industry meanings or usage. 
 



 
 
 

10 of 50 

Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing 
the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. 
References to persons shall include corporations. 
 
NO ADVICE 
 
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice 
regarding any Token Group Entity, the Sentinel Tokens, the Token Sale, or the Sentinel Chain Ecosystem. 
You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser regarding the Token Group 
and its business and operations, the Sentinel Tokens, the Token Sale, and the Sentinel Chain Ecosystem. You 
should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of Sentinel Tokens for an 
indefinite period of time. 
 
NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE 
 
No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained in this 
Whitepaper in connection with the Token Group and its business and operations, the Sentinel Tokens, the 
Token Sale, or the Sentinel Chain Ecosystem, if given, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the Token Group. The Token Sale shall not, under any 
circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or implication that there has 
been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve a material change in the affairs, conditions and 
prospects of the Token Group or in any statement of fact or information contained in this Whitepaper since 
the date hereof. 
 
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION 
 
The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted by 
the laws, regulatory requirements, and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you 
are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this 
Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to any Token 
Group Entity. 
 
Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who 
otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or 
otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor 
permit or cause the same to occur. 
 
NO OFFER OF INVESTMENT OR REGISTRATION 
 
This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to 
constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme 
or any other form of investment, or a solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction. No person is 
bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of 
payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper. 
 
THE TOKEN SALE IS INTENDED FOR, MADE TO OR DIRECTED AT ONLY PERSONS 
OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE PEOPLE’S REUBLIC OF CHINA 
AND MAY BE ACTED UPON ONLY BY PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA AND THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA, PROVIDED SUCH PERSONS ARE 
NOT CITIZENS, PERSONS DOMICILED IN, OR RESIDENTS OF COUNTRIES THE LAWS OF 
WHICH PROHIBIT OR CONFLICT WITH THE TOKEN SALE OR PARTICIPATION IN THE 
TOKEN SALE. ACCORDINGLY, YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE AND YOU ARE NOT TO 
PURCHASE ANY SENTINEL TOKENS IN THE TOKEN SALE IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA AT THE TIME OF 
YOUR INTENDED PURCHASE / PURCHASE OF SENTINEL TOKENS IN THE TOKEN SALE. 
YOU ARE ALSO NOT ELIGIBLE AND YOU ARE NOT TO PURCHASE ANY SENTINEL 
TOKENS IN THE TOKEN SALE IF YOU ARE A CITIZEN OF, RESIDENT OF, DOMICILED IN, 
OR GREEN CARD HOLDER OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR IF YOU ARE A 
CITIZEN OF, DOMICILED IN, OR RESIDENT OF A COUNTRY THE LAWS OF WHICH 
PROHIBIT OR CONFLICT WITH THE TOKEN SALE OR PARTICIPATION IN THE TOKEN 
SALE. 
 



 
 
 

11 of 50 

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No 
such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The 
publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, 
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with. 
 
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 
 
Prospective purchasers of Sentinel Tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties 
associated with the Token Group and its business and operations, the Sentinel Tokens, the Token Sale, and 
the Sentinel Chain Ecosystem, all information set out in this Whitepaper and the Token Sale Terms prior to 
any purchase of the Sentinel Tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Token Group could be materially and 
adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the Sentinel Tokens. Please refer to 
the section entitled “Risks and Disclosures” set out in the Token Sale Terms. 
 
 
  



 
 
 

12 of 50 

	

1 Abstract 
  

The ‘poor’ are much richer than they think. What they need is a solution to 
unlock their economic potential. We bring to them the Sentinel Chain, a 
blockchain based solution to the problem of ‘dead capital’. The Sentinel Chain is 
a global B2B marketplace for financial services accepting the use livestock as 
collateral. The Sentinel Chain addresses two main issues to be solved to allow the 
asset tokenization of livestock: First, the creation of a process that transforms 
livestock from ‘dead capital’ to a fungible asset with a transparent and clear 
defined value. Second, the creation of an open and transparent marketplace that 
connects the unbanked to the network of global financial providers. This paper 
introduces the concept and benefits of Sentinel Chain as well as a technical 
appendix which elaborates on the design and fundamental architectural decisions. 
 
 
 
Keywords: Financial inclusion, livestock, collateral, dead capital, blockchain 
technology, smallholder farmers, unbanked 

 
 

  



 
 
 

13 of 50 

2 Introduction 
 

Livestock is an integral part of the greatest enterprise on earth – small-scale 
agriculture. No other enterprise supports the livelihoods of as many people. 
 
There are more than 570 million farms worldwide, most of which are small and 
family-operated. These smallholder farmers rely on seasonal agricultural 
production for their livelihoods. Approximately 70% of the global food 
production comes from small-scale agriculture. 
 
Smallholders are a driving force in feeding the world.  
 
According to the FAO World Census of Agriculture and UNDESA Rural 
Population data, smallholders are the largest global segment living on less than 
US$2 a day and are central to global financial inclusion efforts – but reaching 
them with financial services is challenging. 
 
Due to the seasonal and volatile nature of agriculture, financial service providers 
face liquidity management and concentration challenges due to covariant risks – 
i.e. farmers in the same area generally borrow at the same time and often engage 
in the same activities, and are therefore exposed to the same risks. One of the 
primary barriers to private-sector credit to smallholders is the lack of physical 
collateral – the economic value of their physical asset such as livestock is not 
recognized as ‘capital’ in the financial economy. The problem of ‘dead capital’ 
leaves the smallholders in an unfortunate position of low financial capability. 
Without access to formal financial services, they are subjected to higher costs of 
borrowing as providers often require greater incentives to offer them credit. 
 
‘Dead capital’ exists because we have forgotten that converting a physical asset 
such as livestock to generate capital – for example, using the cow to borrow 
money to manage cash outflows and inflows during times of volatile weather and 
markets – requires an extremely complex process.  
 
The ‘poor’ are much richer than they think. What they need is a solution to 
unlock their economic potential. 
 
There are two main issues to be solved in order to allow asset tokenization of 
livestock: First, the creation of a process that transforms livestock from ‘dead 
capital’ to a fungible asset with a transparent and clear defined value. Second, the 
creation of an open and transparent marketplace that connects the unbanked to 
the liquidity pool of global financial players. 
 
We believe that the mutual creation of livestock insurance and the registration of 
livestock provenance on blockchain provide a new opportunity: the real 
possibility of accepting livestock as ‘collateral’ for loans. This innovative model 
will solve the complex process of converting the physical asset to generate 
economic capital.   
 
Our solution will revolutionize financial access by unlocking the true economic 
capital of the unbanked. 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  



 
 
 

14 of 50 

3 The Team 
 
3.1  Project Team 

Meet the team behind the Sentinel Chain project. 
 

 
 
Roy Lai 
Founder/ CEO/ CTO 
Singapore 
 
Roy Lai is a natural innovator with 
more than 20 years of technological 
experience with expertise in 
blockchain, investment banking, and 
inter-bank payments. Roy led the 
successful implementation of FAST 
(Fast & Secure Transfers) – a national 
real-time payment network connecting 
14 banks in Singapore. A Research 
Fellow at the Singapore University of 
Social Sciences, he teaches courses on 
Blockchain Programming and smart 
contracts.  
https://www.linkedin.com/in/roy-lai-
5590885 

 
 
Chia Hock Lai 
Council Member 
Singapore  
 
Hock Lai has 20 years of experience 
in the financial industry, having 
performed roles in both business and 
technology. Besides being the 
founding president of the Singapore 
FinTech Association, he is also a 
Fellow of the Singapore University 
of Social Science, advisor to Startups 
and mentor to student FinTech 
projects. He is an alumnus of the 
National University of Singapore and 
the Nanyang Technological 
University. 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/chiahock
lai/ 
 
 

  
 
 

 
 
Anson Zeall 
Council Member 
Singapore 
 
 
Anson Zeall is a seasoned blockchain 
and fintech entrepreneur. He is the 
Chairman of ACCESS, Singapore’s 
Cryptocurrency and Blockchain 
Industry Association, committee 
member of the Singapore Fintech 
Association. He is an instructor of the 
fintech and blockchain workshop for 
Asian Development Bank and the 
various central banks in South East 
Asia. Anson is an alumnus of 
University of New South Wales and 
Columbia Business School. 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ansonzea
ll/ 

 
 
Zann Kwan 
Council Member 
Singapore 
 
 
Zann Kwan brings with her 20 years 
of professional experience in finance 
and investments, with the last four 
years in the crypto-currency space. 
Her team at Bitcoin Exchange 
Singapore brought in the first public 
bitcoin machine in Asia to Singapore. 
Previously, Ms Kwan was Vice 
President with GIC, a leading global 
investment firm. She started her 
career with Arthur Andersen and 
KPMG and spent a decade in New 
York building her investment career. 
A Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) 
Charterholder, Chartered Accountant 
(CA, Singapore) and a Fellow of 
Chartered Certified Accountant 
(FCCA), she also sits on the board of 
ACCESS and is a frequent speaker 
and panelist on fintech and blockchain 
technology. 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/zannkwa
n/ 
 

 
 
 

	



 
 
 

15 of 50 

 
 
J.M. Murli Manohar 
Project Director 
United States 
 
Murli has significant project 
management, business analysis, 
software implementation and delivery 
experience in the midst of challenging 
enterprise environments. He has a 
strong ability to articulate instructions 
from stakeholders, end users and 
designers into functional requirements 
for the development teams. 
. 
 

  
 
Maximilliano Canellas 
Lead, Blockchain Development 
Argentina 
 
Maxi is an entrepreneur, cryptography 
enthusiast and blockchain developer. 
As a cryptologic CTO, he likes to 
spend huge amounts of time 
researching blockchain technology, 
which he believes is the greatest 
economic & technology revolution of 
this time. 
 

 
 
Anne Riana 
Head, PR and Marketing 
Singapore 
 
Anne is a PR and marketing 
professional with expertise and 
experience in strategy development 
and brand positioning for early-stage 
businesses. She is a passionate 
technology enthusiast with a keen 
interest in the application of 
technology to improve lives and 
enable positive change. 
 
 

 
 
David Nguyen 
Vietnam Country Manager 
Vietnam 
 
David Nguyen is a lecturer of 
National University of Vietnam and 
has also founded a blockchain startup. 
He has over ten years experience in 
software development. He was a 
former project leader of VNG 
cooperation and project manager of 
You Net, the second largest internet 
firm in Vim. 
 

  
 
Trung Dinh 
Lead (Mobile) 
Vietnam 
 
Trung is a member of the founding 
team of many startups in Vietnam. 
With more than half a decade of 
mobile application development, 
Trung has worked for large companies 
in Vietnam such as M Service and 
VNG Corp., and has constantly 
focused on bringing the newest 
technologies for mass adoption. 
 

 
 
Jamuna Devi 
QA Lead 
India 
 
Jamuna is a certified Digital 
Marketing Expert. Project manager of 
two of InfoCorp’s  major projects, she 
handles the QA segments. With 13 
years’ experience with global clients. 
Six Sigma Green belt certified, 
expertise includes logical, analytical 
reasoning and QA throughout the 
software development life cycle. 

  
 
Edwan Chiam 
Business Analyst 
Singapore 
 
Edwan’s personal vision is to bridge 
communities, re-balance the poverty 
line and devise solutions to enhance 
equality. Edwan has an inquisitive 
mind in all things possible. He 
embraces both technology and 
financial expertise to develop use 
cases for the greater community. 

  
 
Jackie Tan 
Head, Business Development 
Singapore 
 
Jackie is the co-founder of 
FundMyLife - a platform that 
intelligently connects users with the 
right financial advisers, based on their 
financial planning questions. He plays 
an important role in InfoCorp team to 
develop business concepts and 
offshore business capabilities. 

 
 
	

  



 
 
 

16 of 50 

 
3.2  Board of Advisors 

 

Professor David Lee 

Senior Advisor 

Professor David Lee is in the fintech and 
blockchain space in Asia as well as Silicon 
Valley. In the  ASEAN region, Dr. David 
Lee’s mission is to harness technology for 
an ASEAN Connectivity/ Financial 
Inclusion via Singapore as a Smart Nation.  

 

Bo Shen 

Senior Advisor 

Bo Shen is the Founding Partner of Fenbushi 
and Blockasset. Fenbushi Capital was 
founded in 2015 and is the first venture 
capital firm that exclusively invests in 
Blockchain-enabled companies.  

 

Roland Schwinn 

Senior Advisor 

Executive Director at Eurex and 
Shareholder Director of the Board of 
Directors at Bombay Stock Exchange 
(BSE). Conducted Research in Digital 
Disruption in Banking, FinTech and 
Financial Inclusion, Future of Wealth 
Management & Cryptocurrencies. 

 

Diego Gutierrez Zaldivar 

Blockchain Advisor 

CEO & Co-founder at RSK Labs, 
President & Co-founder at Koibanx, 
President at Bitcoin Latam and Argentina 
NGOs. Also, founder of Xinergia, Cero a 
Cien, Arraiga and Restocoins.  

 

 

Zeya Thura Mon 

Myanmar Advisor 

CEO and Group Chairman of RGK + Z&A 
Group since 1997. Instrumental in the rapid 
development of Zeya & Associates, the 
sustained growth of the Royal GK, and the 
continuing success of Myanmar Central 
Power. An Alumni of Chicago Booth, Zeya 
is also a central force in driving financial 
inclusion projects for the rural development 
of Myanmar.  

 

Dr. John Vong 

Financial Inclusion Advisor 

Previously a Senior Resident Advisor of 
United Nations Development Programme 
and Adjunct Professor at the National 
University of Singapore. 

 

 

Juanita Woodward 

Financial Inclusion Advisor 

Principal Consultant at CTD Connecting 
the Dots, with wide experience in fintech, 
payments and digital financial services, 
international B2B marketing strategy & 
project management. 

 

Bernardo Corti 

Argentina Advisor 

A lawyer in the South America region, with 
research work related to finance, technology 
and digital currencies. As Cryptologic CEO, 
he is currently developing projects related to 
these sectors. 

 

Ian Myles 

Innovation Advisor  

Originally from the UK, Ian spent the last 
15 years in mobile technology, including 
running an advanced concept studio for 
Motorola, and the last five plus years in 
payments. 



 
 
 

17 of 50 

3.3 Investment Partners  

 

 

Founded in 2015, Fenbushi Capital is the first 
China-based venture capital firm that 
exclusively invests in Blockchain-enabled 
companies. Our mission is to accelerate the 
inevitable future of Blockchain economy by 
supporting as may companies as possible. We 
strongly believe Blockchain technology will 
play an important role brining much more 
transparency, efficiency, and robustness into 
the global economy. With our experienced 
partners in both traditional finance and the 
blockchain technology and many startup 
companies, we hope to bring this vision into 
fruition. 

 

iGlobe Partners harnesses decades of collective 
industry and entrepreneurial experience, and 
have been at the forefront of cultivating 
Singapore's start-up community. iGlobe 
Partners have invested in entrepreneurs who 
are shaping development in these three core 
areas: Internet of Things (IoT), Internet/Mobile 
applications, and Health/Biotech — disruptive 
technologies that are expected to have the 
greatest impact and influence on consumers 
and enterprises in the future. 

 
 
 

 

  



 
 
 

18 of 50 

4 Market Trends and Potential 
 

“It is a world where the ownership of assets is difficult to trace 
and validate. It is governed by no legally recognizable set of 
rules; where the assets’ potentially useful economic attributes 
have not been described or organized; where they cannot be used 
to obtain surplus value through multiple transactions because 
their unfixed nature and uncertainty leave too much room for 
misunderstanding, faulty recollection and reversal of agreement. 
Where most assets, in short, are dead capital.” 

HERNANDO DE SOTO, The Mystery of Capital 
 

 

 

4.1 The Hidden Economic Capital of the Unbanked  

The ‘mystery of capital’ de Soto writes about refers to the seminal meaning 
of the word. In medieval Latin, ‘capital appears to have denoted some form 
of livestock, which have always been important sources of wealth beyond 
the basic meat they provide. Livestock can be counted and measured, but 
most importantly, additional wealth (or surplus value) in the form of milk, 
hide, wool, meat and fuel can be obtained from livestock. Livestock also 
has the useful attribute of the ability to reproduce themselves. According to 
de Soto, the term ‘capital’ begins to do two jobs simultaneously, capturing 
the physical dimension of assets (i.e. livestock) as well as their potential to 
generate surplus value.  

At the moment, the unbanked lack access to the mechanisms that could 
unlock the economic potential of their livestock so that they could be used 
to produce, secure, or guarantee greater value in the formal financial 
economy. 

 

“…farmers (in Myanmar) have limited access to competitive 
agricultural loans, so most of them have to rely on costly 
financing at high interest rates, sometimes of more than 5% per 
month. High interest rates are an inhibitor of profitability. As in 
any other businesses, people will not invest if the return is 
inadequate.”  

U Thadoe Hein, Managing Director, Myanmar Awba Group  
Oxford Business Group, Interview with U Thadoe Hein 

23 November 2016 
 
With more than 570 million smallholder farms in the world, there is a need 
to address the number of traditional pain points in the context of 
agricultural finance, making it easier for farmers to save, borrow, manage 
irregular income and insure against loss. 
 
Although the use of digital financial services to expand smallholder access 
to finance is still in its infancy, the sheer number of pilots is cause for 
optimism.  

  



 
 
 

19 of 50 

4.2 The Rising Global Demand for Food  

Demand for food and other agricultural products is projected to increase by 
50% between 2012 an 2050. Smallholders in developing countries produce 
the bulk of the world’s global food supply – which has been showing an 
increasing trend (See Table 1 and 2 below). However, despite their 
important contribution, smallholders have suffered benign neglect by 
policymakers and the international financial community. As a result, 
smallholders in the developing world continue to account for a large 
proportion of the poor (See Figure 1 and 2). 

 
 

Table 1 
Production indices (2004–2006=100) 

    
1990 2000 2014 

Livestock 76 92 115 
Milk  83 89 114 
Meat  74 91 118 
Fish  72 92 119 

 
 

Table 2 
Live animal production 

 
   2000  2013 

Cattle  1,302,895 1,494,349 
Sheep  1,059,082 1,172,833 
Goats  751,632  1,005,603 
Pigs  856,241  977,021 
Buffaloes 164,114  199,784 

 

 
Isolated from the benefits of the global market economy, smallholders often 
cannot keep up with the rising demand for food and face limited resources, 
poor access to markets, affordable technologies, infrastructure and most 
importantly, credit. The smallholders are also the most vulnerable to price 
shocks in the global food price volatility. 

 
Agriculture is not just a food-producing machine. It is the backbone of the 
rural livelihood system, a major source of skilled and remunerative 
employment and a powerful engine towards larger economic growth. The 
Sentinel Chain has been designed to fuel this engine and empower the 
unbanked into economic prosperity. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 

20 of 50 

 
 
Figure 1: The map above illustrates the geographical density of the rural poor smallholders – i.e. the 
potential markets which will greatly benefit from the Sentinel Chain project. Source: FAO Statistical 
Pocketbook World Food and Agriculture, Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, 
(2015) 
 
 

 
 

Figure 2: Table 7.5 above shows the estimated increase in the number of rural poor livestock 
keepers in regions such as the Middle East and North Africa, South Asia (India) and Sub-Saharan 
Africa. Source: FAO Statistical Pocketbook World Food and Agriculture, Food and Agriculture 
Organization of the United Nations, (2015)  
 

  



 
 
 

21 of 50 

5 The Sentinel Chain Ecosystem 
 
 

“I’m sure all of us here today would agree that financial services 
are the lifeblood of an economy.” 
 

H.M. QUEEN MÁXIMA  
Inclusive Technology for an Inclusive Future 

Speech at the Singapore Fintech Festival, 16 November 2017  

 
The Sentinel Chain is the world’s first global B2B marketplace platform for 
financial inclusion services accepting the use of livestock as collateral. 
 
The ultimate objective of the Sentinel Chain is to unlock the economic potential 
of the unbanked by bringing together an international community of financial 
providers looking to participate in facilitating financial inclusion in an open, 
secure and transparent marketplace. It is specifically designed to provide 
affordable and secure financial services to those who need it most – the 2 billion 
unbanked.  

 

According to the Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nation’s 
report on World Agriculture, growth in the livestock sector has consistently 
exceeded that of the crop sector – the total demand for animal products in 
developing countries is expected to more than double by 2030. With financial 
inclusion being a priority for developing countries, the Sentinel Chain project 
seeks to introduce livestock as ‘capital’ in the formal financial economy, the 
transformation from ‘dead capital’ to a financial asset class will increase 
investment and participation substantially. The basis for such a solution lies in 
the creation of a physically tamper-proof and digitally-immutable system capable 
of livestock provenance – the origin of a livestock’s existence.	
 

The Sentinel Chain Ecosystem is made up of 5 main components: 

 
•  Livestock Identification Tag 
•  CrossPay Mobile Application 
•  CrossPay Blockchain 
•  Sentinel Chain 
•  Sentinel Chain Token 

 

  



 
 
 

22 of 50 

5.1  Livestock Identification Tag  

The RFID-enabled livestock identity tag (Livestock ID Tag) is tamper-proof and 
theft-proof on both a material design as well as a data level. 

(i) From a material design perspective, the tag has been designed to 
prevent physical tampering or theft. The tag has been designed for 
“single-use” and thus cannot be removed without being destroyed. 

(ii) From a data perspective, the tag stores the geolocation and time 
stamp information on to the CrossPay Blockchain. Immutability and 
non-repudiation ensures the authenticity and secure traceability of 
certifications, i.e. a digital ‘passport’ that proves its existence and 
ownership to an identified entity and origin.  

(iii) From both a material design and data perspective, in the event that 
the tag has been forcibly removed, the information which resides in 
the tag will be invalidated, thus rendering the tag useless. 

 

5.2  CrossPay Mobile Application 

The CrossPay Mobile application (Android) is a mobile financial delivery 
mechanism for use with the CrossPay Blockchain. It is also designed to be a 
mobile wallet that provides the unbanked with quick access to their balances and 
allows for transactions with other users and merchants. 

 

5.3  CrossPay Blockchain 

The CrossPay Blockchain is a B2C financial ecosystem specifically designed for 
the unbanked. Managed and operated within a local geography, it is accessible 
via the CrossPay Mobile application – a simple mobile interface built for 
Android. Since blockchains have been fundamentally designed as a decentralized 
technology for the grassroots level, it is highly suitable for deployment in 
pockets of local ecosystems to meet the financial inclusion needs of the 
unbanked.  

CrossPay Blockchains consist of 3 components: 
 
(a) Tamper-Proof RFID-enabled Livestock Tag, 
(b) CrossPay Mobile application, and 
(c) Blockchain technology 
 

These innovative technological solutions will work together to unlock the value 
of “dead capital” trapped in livestock, thus addressing the last mile problem of 
financial inclusion. CrossPay Blockchain will use a native cryptocurrency token 
called “Local CrossPay Token” (or LCT). LCT will be pegged to the value of the 
country’s native currency. 

 

  



 
 
 

23 of 50 

5.4  Sentinel Chain 

The Sentinel Chain is the world’s first global B2B marketplace platform for 
financial inclusion services based on the use of livestock as collaterals. It has 
been designed with the specific purpose of creating a low-cost cross-border 
financial infrastructure connecting the isolated unbanked with limited access to 
formal financial services to a global network of financial providers.  

The Sentinel Chain is a consortium blockchain that operates within decentralized 
governance and is connected to multiple CrossPay Blockchains. In doing so, the 
Sentinel Chain and the CrossPay Blockchains creates a hub-and-spoke 
ecosystem specifically designed to provide a low-cost cross-border financial 
infrastructure. Such an infrastructure will provide liquidity to the local unbanked 
population via an international network of financial providers. (See Figure 3 
below) 

 

 

Figure 3: The diagram above shows a high-level design of the Sentinel Chain. 

 

  



 
 
 

24 of 50 

5.5  Sentinel Chain Token (SENC) 

The Sentinel Chain Token (SENC) will be an ERC20-compatible token on the 
public Ethereum blockchain that allows global financial service providers and 
cryptocurrency holders to participate in the Sentinel Chain marketplace. Activity 
on the Sentinel Chain will be performed solely using the Sentinel Token. This 
will make the Sentinel Token an integral part of the Sentinel Chain platform and 
the driver of its economy.  

 

5.6  Differences between the LCT and the SENC token 

The LCT token will be the local CrossPay Blockchain equivalent of the SENC 
token. It will be a private token that resides only within each local CrossPay 
Blockchain. LCT will be used internally by CrossPay Mobile to facilitate the 
local payments on CrossPay Blockchain Services. The value of LCT is pegged to 
the country’s native currency. Every country will have its own LCT token. LCT 
token will not exist on any public blockchain and cannot be minted on its own. 
LCT can only be purchased using SENC. 

SENC token will only exist on the public Ethereum blockchain. A fixed number 
of SENC tokens will be issued during an Initial Token Sale. SENC will be 
required for use with the functions provided by the Sentinel Chain. SENC can be 
owned by anyone with an ERC-20 compatible wallet. Like all cryptocurrency 
tokens, SENC may be exposed to market volatility. LCT however will be pegged 
to the country’s native currency value and will not be exposed to the volatility of 
the cryptocurrency markets.  
 

  



 
 
 

25 of 50 

5.7  Sentinel Chain Alliance Partners 

InfoCorp has formed alliances with various strategic partners to extend the value 
of the Sentinel Chain. 

 

 
 

Maybank is Malaysia's largest bank by both market capitalisation and total 
assets. It is also one of the largest banks in Southeast Asia, with total assets 
exceeding US$164 billion and net profit of US$1.63 billion for 2016. As the 
leading Malaysian banking group with a strong regional presence in South Asia 
and Southeast Asia, Maybank acts as the main provider of settlement and foreign 
exchange services to InfoCorp, in facilitating Sentinel Chain’s operations. (See 
Appendix D). 

 

VeChain is renowned for creating a powerful public provenance blockchain that 
can be used to combat counterfeit luxury goods. As livestock ownership and 
owners’ data remains on the Sentinel Chain, livestock, the provenance of the 
livestock can reside on a public provenance platform that is integrated to Sentinel 
Chain, such as VeChain. This can be useful in the case of cross-border livestock 
trade and food supply chain where proof of origin is required. 

 

MediShares is the world’s first global marketplace for mutual aid backed by 
ZhongTopia, the largest online mutual insurance in China with a membership 
base of 10 million users. MediShares platform can be integrated to Sentinel 
Chain as a financial service provider and offer its services to Sentinel Chain’s 
unbanked market. 

 

  



 
 
 

26 of 50 

6 The Sentinel Chain Token Features (SENC) 
 
We intend to issue the Sentinel Chain Token (SENC), which is primarily used as 
a medium of exchange for the Local Community Token (LCT) which is then 
used to make payments for services or participate in projects. These features will 
be explained in greater detail as follows: 

 

6.1 Insurance  
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

6.2 Loans  
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

6.3 Collateral 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

6.4 Crowdfunding  
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

6.5 Community 
Projects  
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

6.6 E-Payments 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

  



 
 
 

27 of 50 

6.1  Facilitating Livestock Insurance  
 

Problem: (1) Fraud is one of the biggest challenges to livestock insurance. A 
false insurance claim can be filed by swapping out the livestock tag from an 
insured livestock asset onto an uninsured livestock asset. (2) The second 
challenge is the lack of accurate livestock time-series data that can be used to 
determine the livestock insurance premium. 
 
Solution: (1) A physically tamper-proof livestock identity tag when combined 
with the digitally-immutable property of blockchain as a storage provides the 
mechanism to prevent such fraud. (2) As the blockchain is inherently a time-
series transaction ledger, this creates a storage for analysis of accurate livestock 
data for insurance premium in future. 
 
Function: SENC can be utilised by livestock insurance companies as a medium 
of exchange to purchase LCT, which LCT in turn can be used to pay for 
information storage and publication of a livestock insurance policy on the local 
CrossPay Blockchain so that such livestock insurance can be associated with the 
identity of the relevant livestock owner as tracked by the local Crosspay 
Blockchain and the identity of the relevant livestock tracked by a tamper-proof 
livestock identification tag (See Figure 4 below). 
 
 

Figure 4: The diagram above shows the issuance of livestock insurance 
 
 

  



 
 
 

28 of 50 

6.2  Loans using Livestock as Collateral 
 
Problem: The biggest challenge to getting loans for the unbanked is the lack of 
credit history and the high interest rates in obtaining an unsecured loan. The 
second challenge is the difficulty in getting a secured loan using livestock as an 
asset. Currently, there is no accurate way to provide the proof-of-ownership from 
an unbanked to a livestock asset, or the proof that it has not been pledged to 
another lender.  
 
 

High financing cost for unbanked farmers in Myanmar 
Farm crop prices in Myanmar are much lower than in Vietnam 
and Thailand. The reason is access to finance. According to 
Chief Executive of Myanmar Awba Group, “Myanmar farmers 
have to take loans from loan sharks at an interest of 5-8 percent a 
month, that translates to 100 percent a year.” It is not just farmers 
but traders in the chain get finance at similar rates. Myanma 
Awba Group is a market leader in agrochemical fertilizers in 
Myanmar, connects to 3 million farmers across the country 
through its vast network of sales centres and dealers. 
 

Interview with Myanma Awba CEO, U Thadoe Hein 
Frontier Myanmar, 4 October 2016 

 
 
Solution: A livestock insurance policy combined with the use of tamper-proof 
livestock identity tag and borrower’s identity information on the blockchain 
provides the attestation to the claim of ownership as well as the proof of origin of 
the livestock asset. The blockchain contains loan agreements that can be used to 
verify if the livestock is already been pledged. The use of Sentinel Chain’s 
design provides a way to create credit history which can then be verified on the 
blockchain by future lenders. 
 
Function: SENC can be utilised by local financing companies as a medium of 
exchange to purchase LCT. The LCT can in turn be used to pay for the 
publication of livestock-collateralized loan agreements on the local CrossPay 
Blockchain so that such livestock-collateralized loan agreement can be 
associated with the identity of the relevant livestock owner tracked by the local 
Crosspay Blockchain and the identity of the relevant livestock tracked by a 
tamper-proof livestock identification tag. (See Figure 5 below) 
 

 
Figure 5: The diagram above shows the issuance of loan agreements 

  



 
 
 

29 of 50 

6.3  Collateral by Third Party Local Financial Providers 

 
Problem: Local financing companies need access to loans from larger or 
offshore financing companies. This can incur high interest rate to offset the high 
credit risks associated with unsecured loans.  
 
Solution: Through the creation of livestock collateralised loans, local financing 
companies are in a better position to manage risks. In addition, local financing 
companies may use SENC as a collateral for additional leverage. This puts local 
financing companies in a better position to negotiate for more competitive 
interest rates and for offshore financing companies to gain access to new and 
emerging markets. 
 
Function: SENC may be used as collateral by third party local financing 
companies (as borrowers) to secure against offshore lending from third party 
offshore financing companies (as lenders) in order to minimise counter-party risk 
exposure for such offshore financing companies providing such lending. SENC 
can be held in escrow guaranteed by a contract on the Ethereum blockchain. In 
the event that the third party local financing company defaults, such escrowed 
SENC can be released to the third party overseas financing company to be 
liquidated for funds. (See Figure 6 below) 
  
 

 
Figure 6: The diagram above shows the cross-border remittance 
 
 

  



 
 
 

30 of 50 

6.4 Facilitating Third Party Crowdfunding Projects 
 
Problem: To bring down the cost of financing for the unbanked, the local 
financing companies must gain access to cheaper source of funding. However, 
due to the risk premium and limited access of funds, finding a more affordable 
source of funding for unsecured loans will be challenging. 
 
Solution: The Sentinel Chain will open up a marketplace for Peer-to-peer 
lending and crowdfunding platforms to integrate with a network of unbanked 
financing companies. This creates an economy of scale for the overseas lending 
platform while at the same time providing an alternative and competitive source 
of funds to local financing companies. Livestock collaterals and SENC 
collaterals are both credit risk mitigation measures that can be verified on 
Sentinel Chain – giving the overseas lenders higher transparency and confidence 
to provide loans to local financing companies. 
 
Function: Third party crowdfunding projects may utilise crowdfunding 
platforms that are integrated to the Sentinel Chain to undertaking fund-raising in 
SENC, which can be used to finance the third party local financing companies’ 
business-activities.  
 
In order for third party local financing companies (as borrowers from third 
parties) to on-lend to the unbanked, the third party local financing companies 
will need to secure cheaper source of borrowing. The ability to use livestock as 
collateral allows the third party local financing companies to manage default 
risk, as well as enabling it to further secure borrowings from third party offshore 
lending companies or third party offshore crowdfunding platforms using the 
proof-of-ownership of the relevant livestock collateral. To facilitate access to 
such proof-of-ownership, the third party offshore crowdfunding platforms’ 
crowdfunding projects can be integrated with the Sentinel Chain to raise SENC, 
which can be used to finance the local financing companies’ business-activities.  
 
By connecting the unbanked to the increased availability of access to the funds 
offered by the third party offshore financial service providers or third party 
crowdfunding platforms, Sentinel Chain will be leveraging on the economies of 
scale, driving down the cost of access to digital financial services. 
 
 

  



 
 
 

31 of 50 

6.5 Facilitating Community Projects 
 

Problem: While financial inclusion remains the objective of the Sentinel Chain, 
the unbanked may be disadvantaged in their access to basic infrastructure such as 
electricity, road or clean water.  
 
Solution: SENC can be used by local non-for-profit organisations to receive 
donations from overseas donors and financing aids by integrating their 
fundraising platforms on to the Sentinel Chain.  
 
Function: SENC can be utilised by third party local not-for-profit organisations 
as a medium of exchange to purchase LCT that can be used to finance certain 
social inclusion activities such as building of schools and infrastructure. In times 
of natural disaster or crisis where financial aid may not be readily available, the 
Sentinel Chain network may be used for a quick and easy sources of funding by 
such third party local not-for-profit organisations. 
 
 
 

  



 
 
 

32 of 50 

6.6 E-Payments 
 

Problem: The ability to drive adoption of electronic payments for financial 
inclusion depends on the ubiquity and network effect of CrossPay Blockchain 
users. 
 
Solution: By unlocking the value of “dead capital” in unbanked livestock and its 
usage for livestock insurance and livestock secured loans, the utility value of 
CrossPay Blockchain can be increased to accelerate adoption of electronic 
payments via CrossPay Mobile application. 
 
 
Function: SENC can be utilised by stakeholders as a medium of exchange to 
purchase LCT that can be used for electronic payments to merchants who accept 
LCT. 
 

  



 
 
 

33 of 50 

6.7  Increased Adoption and Utilisation 

To revolutionize financial access, the project aims to increase adoption and 
utilisation of the Sentinel Chain as an international marketplace for cross-border 
financial services by connecting local community blockchains to offshore 
financial service providers. 

With an increased adoption and utilisation of livestock insurance in conjunction 
with Crosspay Blockchain, other economic activities utilising the CrossPay 
Blockchain such as livestock-collateralised loans, are likely to increase as well. 
This creates a virtuous cycle which increases the network effect of the Sentinel 
Chain. 

The number of active users is expected to grow rapidly in the early years as the 
Sentinel Chain opens new markets, either by expanding its own operation or via 
licensing of the software to local entities. 
 

 
 

Figure 7: The diagram above shows the incentives motivating the SENC ecosystem 
  



 
 
 

34 of 50 

7. The Sentinel Chain Token Sale 

 

7.1 The Sale Details 

Please refer to the Sentinel Chain website for the details and latest updates on the 
Token Sale details. 
 
 
7.2  Token Distribution Schedule 

 
Treasury and Reserve Fund 30% 
Early supporters 20% 
Private Sale 20% 
Public Sale 20% 
Founding team 10% 

 

7.3  Use of Funds 

We currently anticipate that the net proceeds collected in the Public Token Sale 
will be used as follows:  

 
 
Liquidity pool  32% 
Research & Development  29% 
Operations  12% 
Contingency  10% 
Marketing & Business Development   7% 
Sentinel Chain Development      6% 
Legal & Finance      4% 
 
 
Liquidity pool: Up to a 32% of the funds for maintaining the pre-funding 
liquidity pool of the CrossPay Blockchains and facilitate cross-border remittance 
on the Sentinel Chain.  
 
Research & Development: Up to 29% of the funds for continued engagement in 
blockchain application and research to build an integral ecosystem among the 
local communities. 
 
Operations: Up to 12% of the funds for facilitating alliances and collaboration 
with strategic partners and launch projects as described in Appendix C below.  
 
Contingency: Up to 10% of the funds will be set aside for any unexpected 
project overruns. 
 
Marketing & Business Development: Up to 7% of the funds will be used for 
marketing the Sentinel Chain model in different jurisdictions. This will include 
online and offline marketing activities, signing partnership relations with various 
business partners and signing agreements with potential partners from the 
livestock industry.  
 
Sentinel Chain Development: It is paramount to continue with the development 
of the current technological infrastructure of Sentinel Chain. Up to 6% of the 
funds will be used to expand the talent pool of developers to build the various 
local community blockchains and improve the CrossPay user experience. 
 
Legal & Finance: Dentons, Rodyk & Davidson LLP has been appointed to 
advise InfoCorp Technologies on legal, regulatory and compliance matters. The 



 
 
 

35 of 50 

Token Group will develop a strong in-house legal team to navigate the legal 
landscape during project development and implementation. Crowe Howarth 
International has been appointed to advise on tax and audit matters. A robust in-
house finance team will be created to manage the treasury and accounting 
functions in line with the global best practices.  
 
 
The expected breakdown may be altered based on the outcome of the token sale 
and project progress. 

 

7.4  Foundation Structure 
Infocorp Technologies, InfoCorp Foundation and InfoCorp AgTech have entered 
into a tripartite agreement to create and distribute 30%, 30% and 40% of the total 
Sentinel Chain Tokens respectively. All three entities will ensure that the 
Sentinel Chain Tokens are distributed in accordance to the agreement.  
 
The Foundation will direct the following council and teams with the following 
functions: 

 

Governance Council 

The InfoCorp Foundation council (“Council”) will:                                                
  

• Govern and supervise the issuance of the Sentinel Tokens and the use of the 
treasury fund which contains 30% of the issuance of Sentinel Tokens 

• Promote the safety and harmony of the Sentinel ecosystem through the 
adoption of best practice governance principles 

• Direct that the proceeds raised from the distribution of Sentinel Chain 
Tokens by InfoCorp AgTech be used within the governance guidelines by 
InfoCorp AgTech (explained further below).  

• Oversee the corporate activities that will provide better access of financial 
products to the underserved and unbanked in the target markets 

• Monitor the delivery of the objectives set out in the Token Sale 
 
All council members have an appointment term of 2 years beginning from 27th 
December 2017. 
 
The Foundation wishes to announce that on 27th December 2017, the council 
members had given an irrevocable undertaking to the Foundation that 
consideration for council members will be locked up for 2 years from the date of 
distribution of the Public Token Sale.  
 
7.5 InfoCorp AgTech 
 
InfoCorp AgTech is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Foundation and is 
responsible for the successful development and operation of the Sentinel Chain. 
InfoCorp AgTech will have the following functions: 
 
SENC Token Issuance in connection with the Private Token Sale and the 
Public Token Sale  
 
• Direction and supervision of the development and maintenance of Sentinel 

Chain 
• Fund activities that will enable the underserved and unbanked in target 

markets to have better and more affordable access to financial products 
  



 
 
 

36 of 50 

Management  

The management team will be responsible for:                                         

• Legal and financial management. 
• Supervision of the grant management process, covering application 

management, financial tracking and reporting, and operational delivery and 
reporting.  

• Publishing a report on the delivery of the objectives set out in the Token 
Sale every quarter. 

• Providing reports on a regular basis to the Council. 
 
 
7.6 InfoCorp Technologies  
 

InfoCorp Technologies is the vendor engaged by InfoCorp AgTech to develop and provide the 
technology, support and maintenance for the development of the Sentinel Chain project. 
InfoCorp Technologies will share its technology expertise with the Foundation and InfoCorp 
AgTech to co-issue the Sentinel Tokens at the same time. InfoCorp Technologies has 
appointed Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP to advise on legal, regulatory and compliance 
matters. InfoCorp Technologies has appointed Crowe Horwath International to be its financial 
auditor.  

 

 

 
 

 

  



 
 
 

37 of 50 

7.7 Execution and Roadmap 
The Sentinel Chain project was launched in Q3 2017. The Token Group has 
already achieved several project milestones, as illustrated in the roadmap below.  
 
In November 2017, the project was announced to the public.  
 
Below we have detailed the milestones that are the building blocks of the 
Sentinel Chain project. 
 

 
Q3 2017 Early Supporters Sale  
 

Signed an MOU with Maybank to collaborate on financial 
inclusion technology projects in the ASEAN region 

 
Q4 2017 CrossPay Blockchain trial with TS Group for migrant 

workers dormitory in Singapore 
 

 Signed an MOU for CrossPay partnership with CloudWell 
Ltd. – the national payment provider to Milk Vita 
(Bangladesh Milk Producer’s Co-Operative Union Ltd)  

 
Q1 2018 January 2018 
 Pre-Sale begins 
  
 February 2018 
 Token Sale Whitelist Registration 
 Pre-Sale ends 
 
 March 2018 
 Public Token Sale 
 
Q2 2018 SENC to be listed and traded on various token exchanges 
 Beta testing of Sentinel Chain  
 
Q4 2018 CrossPay will go live in the first unbanked market 
  
Q1 2019 Sentinel Chain code review and audit 
 Sentinel Chain v1.0 will go live 
 Onboarding of the first financial service provider partner

  
 
Q2 2019 Integration of Sentinel Chain to CrossPay 
 Integration of financial service provider to Sentinel Chain 
 
Q3 2019 End-to-end testing of Sentinel Chain  
 
Q4 2019 Sentinel Chain v2.0 will go live 

 

  
 
 

  



 
 
 

38 of 50 

8. Conclusion 
 
 

"The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the 
abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide 
enough for those who have too little."  
 

Franklin D. Roosevelt 
 

 
We have presented the Sentinel Chain model, which will create the world’s first 
global marketplace for financial inclusion services accepting the use of livestock 
as collateral. This paper explains the hidden economic potential of the 
smallholder farmers in which the main problem hindering the recognition of 
livestock as a financial asset is the very characteristic of livestock - that each 
individual livestock is unique. Consequently, there is a lack of transparency and 
liquidity, on the one hand, as livestock change ownership via private cash 
transactions. On the other hand, there is a multibillion dollar untapped market. 
Once the Sentinel Chain is implemented, this market will start growing rapidly. 
 
The Sentinel Chain was built with the specific purpose of creating a cross-border 
financial infrastructure connecting the previously isolated unbanked to a global 
network of financial providers. Our solution, as described in this paper takes a 
unique approach to unlocking the economic potential of the unbanked by 
establishing livestock provenance through the creation of livestock insurance on 
blockchain. By turning the “dead capital” into a verified asset, this new system 
could be a unanimous source of connected information, secure and incorruptible, 
to allow for the integration of the unbanked into the global financial economy. 
 
The Sentinel Chain has not only created a new class of financial inclusion 
solution but has also set the stage to extend the platform to use cases beyond 
financial inclusion. Livestock provenance data helps as a quality-control measure 
for disease control. The same provenance-powered data also enables the 
traceability of food origin and the verification of the organic food supply source. 
By unlocking the economic capital of the unbanked, the Sentinel Chain unlocks 
new opportunities and benefits for the banked – thus empowering the wellbeing 
of people, animals and communities. Join us today in our mission to redefine 
inclusive finance. 
 
 

  



 
 
 

39 of 50 

9. References 
 

1. Sarah K. Lowder, Jakob Skoet, Terri Raney: The Number, Size, and 
Distribution of Farms, Smallholder Farms, and Family Farms Worldwide, 
16–29 (2016) 
 

2. Food and Agriculture World Census of Agriculture and UNDESA Rural 
Population data (June 2014) 
 

3. Hernando de Soto, The Mystery of Capital, 40–42 (2001)   
 

4. Oxford Business Group, Interview with U Thadoe Hein, Managing Director, 
Myanmar Awba Group (Accessed November 26, 2016) 
 

5. GALVmed, Value of Livestock, URL: https://www.galvmed.org/livestock-
and-diseases/value-of-livestock/ (2017) (Accessed December 18, 2017) 
 

6. Jeremiah Grossman, Michael Tarazi: Serving Smallholder Farmers: Recent 
Developments in Digital Finance, (2014) 
 

7. FAO Statistical Pocketbook World Food and Agriculture, Food and 
Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, (2015)  
 

  

 

  



 
 
 

40 of 50 

Appendix A – Tamper-Proof Livestock Identity Tag 
The RFID-enabled livestock identity tag (Livestock ID Tag) is tamper-proof and 
theft-proof on both a material design as well as a data level. 
 
Livestock Identity Tagging System Components 
 
The livestock identity tags consist of a “Male-Female” tag combination: 

 
• The Female Tag Component – The female tag component is a disc 

embedded with an ISO-14443 compliant NFC chip that can interact with an 
NFC-enabled smart phone. 
 

• The Male Tag Component –  The male component, also known as the 
backing disc, joins the female tag component together through the ear of the 
livestock. The tag has been designed for “single-use” and cannot be removed 
without being destroyed. The durable material is made of hardened rubber as 
compared to the mainstream plastic. In the event that the tag has been 
forcibly removed, the information which resides in the tag will be 
invalidated, thus rendering the tag useless. 
 

• Tag Applicator – The applicator comprises of a bluetooth smart sensor 
which houses the repository for the data and authenticity of the livestock.  

•  
• Plunger – The plunger is the manual activation tool that will trigger the 

transmission once both discs are bound together on the livestock’s ear.  
 

Livestock Identity Tagging Process 
 

The 4 stages of tagging the livestock are: 
 
• Stage 1 – stock/origin stage. Raw tags are received from the factory in 

separate component packages. 
 

• Stage 2 – initialization stage. Data pertaining to the insured livestock are 
stored into the chip. For example: Tag ID, the name of the insurance 
company, date of issuance, etc. 
 

• Stage 3 – application stage. Both Male and Female discs are tagged unto the 
ear of the insured livestock using the applicator. 
 

• Stage 4 – confirmation stage. Tags with the stored data are then write-
protected with the geolocation and time stamp information on to the 
CrossPay Blockchain for “Read-Only” traceability.  

 

  



 
 
 

41 of 50 

Appendix B – Crosspay Mobile  
The CrossPay Mobile application (Android) is a mobile financial delivery 
mechanism for use with the CrossPay Blockchain. It is also designed to be a 
mobile wallet that provides the unbanked with quick access to their balances and 
allows for transactions with other users and merchants.  

• Multi-mode authentication. Its ease of use can be adopted by different 
unbanked users. An authentication threshold can be set with a pre-determined 
amount. For example: US$10 as a daily pre-determined allowance  
 

• Proximity mobile payments with QR codes and Near Field Communication 
(NFC) instead of using a traditional credit/debit card 
 

• Escrow payment mechanism which can be used to provide electronic cash-
on-delivery (COD) payments to replace physical cash payments for the 
delivery of goods within a local community. 
 

• Identity validation. From a data perspective, a livestock identification tag 
stores the geolocation and time stamp information on the CrossPay 
Blockchain. Immutability and non-repudiation ensures the authenticity and 
secure traceability of certifications, i.e. a digital ‘passport’ that proves its 
existence and ownership to an identified entity and origin. This forms an 
important security aspect of the transaction.  
 

• Asset Tokenization. By converting the rights to an asset into a digital token 
on the CrossPay Blockchain, the unbanked is able to turn their Real world 
asset(s) into a securitized asset. For example, an unbanked may collateralize 
his livestock by digitalizing the livestock’s ownership and value onto the 
blockchain network, which is multi-signed by interested parties. 

 
• Document Tracking. The application is designed to track and validate the 

authenticity of documents stored on the CrossPay Blockchain. 
 

• Provenance. The application enables the creation of unique IDs tagged to 
the physical assets and tracking them via the private key controlled within 
the mobile device. 

 

 

 

 

  



 
 
 

42 of 50 

Appendix C – CrossPay Blockchain Design 
An agricultural-financial ecosystem can only be created by bringing together various 
stakeholders onto a blockchain backend which includes unbanked farmers, livestock 
insurance companies and micro-financing institutions (MFIs). Blockchain contains 
unique properties that makes it a desirable technology to be used as a tamper-proof 
data storage for the tracking of livestock ownership as well as a forgery-proof 
distributed accounting system for the delivery of unbanked financial services. 

• Immutability. Immutability refers to the ability to prevent any changes to data 
that has already been created and is a core feature of most blockchain 
technologies. 

• Resiliency. The decentralized nature of blockchain removes the single-point-of-
failure risks associated with centralized systems by providing the redundancy 
and security provided by multiple nodes on the blockchain. 

• Non-Repudiation. Non-repudiation refers to the guarantee that an action 
performed on the system can be proven to be performed by, and only by, a 
certain individual. This is a key aspect to prevent forgery. 

• Auditability. Because every transaction on the blockchain is tracked since the 
creation of the system, and given that data is immutable and non-repudiating, 
therefore information on the blockchain is highly auditable with a high degree of 
authenticity. 

• Low capital outlay. All of the above features can be implemented using 
centralized infrastructure. However, these features will require high upfront 
investment cost and sophisticated enterprise grade infrastructure and services 
which makes the provision of low-cost financial inclusion solutions 
unsustainable in the long run. 

A local unbanked community, unlike the general public Internet, operates with an 
inherent level of trust. Instead of a fully trustless public blockchain model, a semi-
trusted blockchain model utilizing a private blockchain platform is compatible and 
desirable in this scenario for the local community use case. The use of private 
blockchain can also avoid the volatility risk associated with the public blockchain or 
uncertainty over transaction fees. As transaction privacy is kept to within the private 
blockchain, it is also easier for regulatory acceptance. 

The CrossPay Blockchain is designed to address lightweight financial applications and 
extension of the open source MultiChain1 which is a Bitcoin core fork designed as a 
low-latency2, private blockchain platform that supports permission management and 
native digital asset. 

 

                                                             
1 https://www.multichain.com/download/MultiChain-White-Paper.pdf 
2 https://www.multichain.com/blog/2017/06/multichain-1-beta-2-roadmap/ 

What is blockchain? 

The invention of the Bitcoin protocol has brought about new opportunities for 
inventing new ways in solving the financial inclusion problem. Bitcoin was made 
famous because of its ability to address the double-spending problem in an 
electronic cash payment system. Unlike physical cash, digital information can be 
replicated and processed indefinitely, similar to making a copy of an email and 
sending to multiple parties. The key limitation of digital payment systems, which 
traditionally use a neutral trusted third party to maintain the record of the payers’ 
and payees’ balance and transactions is in a centralized database. The key 
innovation that has risen from the invention of Bitcoin lies in its ability to prevent 
the double-spend issue without the need for a centralized trusted third party. This 
result in a decentralized peer-to-peer global payment system that has proven its 
resiliency to security breaches for close to a decade.  Blockchain refers to one of 
the underlying technologies used in the implementation of Bitcoin. 



 
 
 

43 of 50 

Atomic Asset Exchange 
 
Transactions within a CrossPay Blockchain are commonly facilitated by an atomic 
asset exchange without the need for a centralized trusted authority. In computer 
science terminology, atomic basically refers to a group of operations that either 
succeed or fail in its entirety. This is analogous to delivery-vs-payment, a financial 
industry term. For instance, Alice can atomically exchange an asset called “ABC” 
with Bob in return for an Local CrossPay Token called “LCT”. As described in the 
diagrams below, the exchange is constructed as a blockchain transaction by both 
parties and submitted to the blockchain for confirmation. The success of this exchange 
depends on the match of asset types and quantities provided by both parties. 

Alice	pays	LCT	to	Bob

In Out

Unlock:
x	LCT
Alice	Signature

Lock:
x	LCT
Bob	Public	Key

UTXO
(LCT)

Lock:
0	LCT
Alice	Public	Key

Bob	collects	LCT	from	Alice	

In Out

Unlock:
x	LCT
Alice	Signature

Lock:
x	LCT
Bob	Public	Key

UTXO
(LCT)

Lock:
0	LCT
Alice	Public	Key

Unlock:
0	LCT
Bob	SignatureUTXO

(LCT)

 

Payment Protocol 
 
Payment or collections protocol similar to BIP703 can be implemented using the 
atomic exchange of payment request and LCT. The payment request is implemented 
with payment details containing the merchant’s identity, and contains the PKI 
certificate and digital signature along with payment receipt information. This 
information is stored as meta-data on the blockchain and associated with the 
completed transaction as part of the atomic asset exchange. 
 

Merchant	issues	Payment	Request

In Out

Unlock:
x	REQ
Merchant	
Signature

Lock:
x	REQ

UTXO
(REQ)

Lock:
x	LCT
Merchant	
PubKeyHash

Buyer	pays	Merchant

In Out

Unlock:
x	REQ
Merchant	
Signature

Lock:
x	REQ
Buyer
PubkeyHash

UTXO
(REQ)

Lock:
x	LCT
Merchant	
PubKeyHash

Unlock:
x	LCT
Buyer			
SignatureUTXO

(LCT)

 

Identity Management / Know-Your-Customer (KYC) 

The identity information, such as a merchant’s identity, is maintained at two levels - a 
public identity information and private identity information, based on the web-of-trust 
design. 

• Public Identity Information is maintained on Sentinel Chain and is stored as 
X.509 digital signature certificates with the owner’s CrossPay Blockchain 
address. 

• Private Identity Information is maintained on CrossPay Blockchains as a 
hash to the identity attributes such as date of birth are encrypted and stored 
along with the verifier’s signature such as local financing companies. These 
attributes are stored off-chain for security purpose. 

The identity owner can selectively provide verified identity attribute to third party 
upon request, such as for KYC purposes. 

  

                                                             
3 https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0070.mediawiki 



 
 
 

44 of 50 

Livestock Insurance Process 

The livestock record registration process includes 3 functions: 

• For the livestock insurance company to record its issuance of the livestock ID tag 
on the blockchain. 

• For the livestock insurance company to attest to the identity of the unbanked 
farmer who registered to use its service. 

• For the unbanked farmer to apply the livestock ID tag onto the cow and record the 
ownership, timestamp and geolocation information onto the blockchain as a proof-
of-ownership. 

 

 
 
The livestock insurance purchase process serves the following functions: 

• For the livestock insurance company to verify the existence and health of the 
livestock and issue an insurance policy that is tied to the livestock, linked to the 
livestock ID tag. 

• For the unbanked farmer to digitally acknowledge the insurance policy and 
provide proof of insurance ownership via the blockchain. 

 

 
 
  



 
 
 

45 of 50 

Livestock Collateralised Loan  
 
The livestock collateralised loan application process serves the following function: 

• For the lender to verify the true ownership and insurance protection belonging to 
the unbanked livestock. 

• For the lender to verify the identity of the borrower that is also attested by the 
insurance company to prevent loan fraud via forged identity. 

• For the unbanked to prove its identity, ownership of the livestock asset as well as 
ownership of insurance policy from verified livestock insurance company. 
  

 
 
E-Payment  
 
The loan agreement can be used by the local lender to offer loans to the unbanked 
users or in the alternative, offer LCT as a loan to the unbanked to spend within the 
local ecosystem with merchants who accept LCT as a form of payment. 

CrossPay

E-Payment

Farmer

CrossPay
Blockchain

CrossPay

Merchant

$

Lender

(2)	Farmer	pay	
with	LCT.

(3)	Transaction	
published	on	
blockchain.

(4)	Merchant	
claim	for	cash.

(5)	Lender	
settles	with	
Merchant.

(1)	Lender	
lends	LCT	to	
Farmer.

 

  



 
 
 

46 of 50 

Balance of Incentives 
 
The ecosystem is maintained by balancing the incentives between unbanked, 
insurance company and lender. 

The farmer needs to: 

• Provide farmer’s true identity in order to make a livestock insurance claim.  
• Use the livestock insurance as a proof-of-ownership to increase the chance of 

collateralising the livestock for cheaper loans. 
 
The insurance company needs to: 

• Ensure that the livestock is real and is fit to be insured.  
• Ensure that the identity of the livestock matches that stated in the insurance 

policy in the event of an insurance claim. 
 

The lender needs to: 

• Ensure that the livestock is real and is fit to be insured. 
• Ensure that the farmer is the true owner of the livestock.  
• Ensure that the livestock has not been collateralised for other loans. 
• Lend at a lower interest rate when the livestock has been authenticated and 

insured by an insurance company.  
 

As a result, livestock owners has a higher incentive to provide accurate data regarding 
their identity as well as the ownership of the livestock. The livestock insurance data 
stored on the blockchain is further protected by a community of lenders that has no 
incentive to collude with the insurance company to attack the blockchain. There may 
be an incentive for the unbanked farmer to collude with the livestock insurance agent 
to defraud the lender. This can happen if the rogue agent were to issue a tag for a non-
existence livestock for the unbanked to collateralise it for loan. But since the tag 
cannot be removed without destroying the chip containing the livestock address, 
therefore a physical inspection by the lender before approving the loan can be used to 
verify the claim. 

  



 
 
 

47 of 50 

Appendix D – Sentinel Chain Design 
The “Sentinel Chain” is implemented as a consortium blockchain that operates with 
decentralised governance. Each consortium member is represented by a cluster of nodes on 
the Sentinel Chain known as the Sentinel Nodes. This decentralized governance model 
requires that 60% of consortium members’ approval are required for the addition of a new 
consortium member. 

Cross-Chain Interoperability 
 
There are generally three types of techniques in chain interoperability4. 

• A centralised, multisignature (“multisig”) notary scheme, whereby a group of 
parties agree to carry out an action on Chain B when some event on chain A 
takes place. For instance, Interledger5 follows such a model. 

• Sidechains6, or relays, are able to validate events on an external chain as part 
of local event validation 

• Hash-locking utilizes events on different chains which are unlocked by a 
single shared value. 

 
However, most of these techniques are often discussed under the context of a public 
blockchain ecosystem where a fully untrusted environment is involved and no 
restrictions on permissions and memberships. The use of private blockchains 
introduces centralization and new complexities. Considerations must be given to the 
different permissions granted to the connecting nodes on their respective blockchains 
as well as the type of assets that are allowed to participate in cross-chain transactions. 

Cross-Chain Atomic Swap 

The design of Sentinel Chain Cross-Chain is fundamentally based on the algorithm 
proposed by Tier Nolan in 2014 to facilitate peer-to-peer trade exchange7, commonly 
known as cross-chain atomic swap. This technique has inspired and was adopted by 
various other blockchain protocols such as Lightning Networks, Raiden and others.  
 
For this to work, the hash function to be used between the two interacting chains must 
utilize (1) same hashing formula in order for the secret to be shared, (2) multi-
signature support. To illustrate how this works conceptually, we assume both Alice 
and Bob have a wallet on blockchain A and blockchain B and wish to exchange asset 
LCT.A and LCT.B. Alice wish to swap LCT.A for LCT.B with Bob. 

• Alice must broadcast a transaction for sending LCT.A to Bob’s wallet 
address on blockchain A locked with hash of Bob’s secret that only Bob will 
know.  

• Bob broadcast a transaction sending LCT.B to Alice on blockchain B (the 
same hash function) locked with the same hash.  

• In order to receive LCT.A on blockchain A, Bob must unlock LCT.A by 
broadcasting a transaction that contains the secret onto blockchain A; 
therefore revealing the secret to Alice.  

• Alice can therefore unlock the LCT.B being sent to her by using Bob’s 
revealed secret on blockchain B.		

                                                             
4 Chain Interoperability, Vitalik Buterin, Sep 2016 
5 A Protocol for Interledger Payments, Stefan Thomas & Evan Schwartz 
6 Enabling Blockchain Innovations with Pegged Sidechains 
7 https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Atomic_cross-chain_trading 



 
 
 

48 of 50 

Bob’s	
Wallet

Alice’s
Wallet

Alice’s
Wallet

Bob’s	
Wallet

1
Hash(Secret)

Hash(Secret)

Secret

Secret

Blockchain	B Blockchain	A

Step	1:	Alice	sends	LCT.A	to	Bob’s	
wallet	on	blockchain	A	that	can	only	
be	unlocked	using	Bob’s	secret.

Step	2:	Bob	sends	LCT.B	to	Alice’s	
wallet	on	blockchain	B	that	can	
only	be	unlocked	using	Bob’s	
secret.

Step	3:	Bob	spends	the	LCT.A	from	
his	wallet	on	blockchain	A	by	
revealing	the	secret.

Step	4:	Alice	spends	LCT.B	from	
wallet	on	blockchain	B	using	the	
key	revealed	by	Bob	in	step	3

LCT.B LCT.A

2 3

4

 

This approach can be supplemented by additional time-locked transactions that can be 
broadcasted for refunded to both parties in the event that the exchange does not take 
place within a limited amount of time. 

Sentinel Chain Cross-Chain Design 

Sentinel Chain adapted this technique for use with permissioned nodes called the 
Sentinel Node that contains address on both the interacting blockchains. Since the 
actual implementation of the Sentinel Chain Ecosystem involves 3 types of 
blockchains at varying levels of trust - CrossPay Blockchains, Sentinel Chain and the 
public Ethereum network, the design for cross-chain interoperability features must 
strike a balance between practicality and security.  

 

To illustrate how the cross-chain interoperability can be implemented for the Sentinel 
Chain Ecosystem, the following example assumes an overseas lender on the public 
Ethereum network transferring SENC tokens to a local financing company to be 
converted into Local CrossPay Token (LCT) for use in the CrossPay Blockchain. 

Step 1: From Ethereum to Sentinel Chain. Offshore lender performs an atomic 
cross-chain swap using SENC ERC223 tokens from its Ethereum wallet to Sentinel 
Node’s Ethereum wallet. Sentinel Node on Sentinel Chain performs an atomic cross-
chain swap using SENC.USD to offshore lender’s Sentinel Chain wallet. SENC.USD 
represents the USD equivalent value of SENC that resides internally within Sentinel 
Chain only. This assumes the USD to SENC currency exchange rate is known and 
agreed upon prior to the transfer and that the Sentinel Node has sufficient balance of 
SENC.USD to complete the swap. 

Offshore
Lender

Sentinel
Node

Offshore
Lender

Sentinel
Node

SENCSENC.USD

ETHEREUM

Sentinel
Wallet

Sentinel
Wallet

SENTINEL	
CHAIN

 



 
 
 

49 of 50 

Step 2: From within Sentinel Chain. Offshore lender performs atomic exchange 
using SENC.USD for IOU.USD from local lender on the Sentinel Chain. Local lender 
issues IOU.USD and performs atomic exchange with offshore lender on the Sentinel 
Chain in return for SENC.USD. This assumes the IOU includes relevant terms related 
to interest rates and that the offshore lender has sufficient balance in its SENC.USD 
wallet to complete the exchange. 

SEN.USD
Wallet

SEN.USD
Wallet

Offshore
Lender

Local
Lender SENC.USD

IOU.USD

 

Step 3: From within Sentinel Chain. Local lender performs another atomic 
exchange between SENC.USD with SENC.XXX (where XXX represents local 
currency) with a Liquidity Provider residing within Sentinel Chain. The role of 
Liquidity Provider is currently performed by InfoCorp using a pre-funded liquidity 
pool of fiat currencies raised via the SENC token sale and held in multicurrency 
account with InfoCorp’s settlement bank. 

SEN.xxx
Wallet

SEN.USD
Wallet

Liquidity
Provider

Local
Lender SENC.xxx

SENC.USD

SENTINEL	
CHAIN

 

Step 4: From Sentinel Chain to CrossPay Blockchain.  

Local lender performs an atomic cross-chain swap using SENC.XXX from its Sentinel 
Chain wallet to Sentinel Node’s Sentinel Chain wallet. Sentinel Node on Sentinel 
Chain performs an atomic cross-chain swap using LCT.XXX to local lender’s 
CrossPay Blockchain wallet. SENC.USD represents the USD equivalent value of 
SENC that resides internally within Sentinel Chain only. This assumes that the 
Sentinel Node has sufficient balance of LCT.USD to complete the swap. 

Local
Lender

Sentinel
Node

Local
Lender

Sentinel
Node

LCT.xxx

Sentinel
Wallet

Sentinel
Wallet

SENC.xxx

SENTINEL	
CHAIN

CROSSPAY	
BLOCKCHAIN

 

 



 
 
 

50 of 50 

[This is the end of the document] 


