











































1

Share button  
with blockchain profit

Status: minimum viable product (MVP)

sharpay.io



2

Contents
Summary    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  3
Market .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  5

Subject   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  6
Sharpay Solution .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  7
Button .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  8

Sharpay Mission and Formula   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  9
Technology description    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   10

System Functioning Model    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   10
Technological features    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   13
The principle of operation, installation, convenience for websites    .   14
Multisharing, user convenience   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   15
Economic model of multisharing stimulation   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 17
Comparison with competitors   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 17

Sharpay business model    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   18
Development scenarios  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   20
Financial plan    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   23

Structure of expenditures  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   26
Scenario 1, Token Sale $3 million   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   26
Scenario 2, Token Sale $10 million    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 27
Scenario 3, Token Sale $15 million    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   28

Strategic plans  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   29
Risks and opportunities  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   30
Marketing and sales    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   30
Roadmap    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   33

Emission, tokens, Token Sale  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   34
Distribution of tokens .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   36
Presale    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   36
Presale bonus program  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 37
Token Sale  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .    37
Token price strategy.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   39
Buyback program    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   40

Team .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 41
Advisers  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   44
Intellectual property    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   45
Legal aspects    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   45
Liability limitations   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   46



3

Summary
There are 1 bln sites in the world and the number is growing by 5-7% 
annually. However, only 3% of them use share buttons – only 30 mln sites.

With over 3 bln people using social networks, of which 10% are active 
users, the social network advertising spending is expected to grow up 
to $50 billion in 2019. The most popular users in social networks, for 
example, top Instagram influencers, have been earning money using their 
popularity through social network advertising.  

Sharpay will help all the social active users to monetize their popularity 
by earning crypto currency.

Sharpay is a unique technological and very simple share button. Sites 
put the button under any content instead of other old sharing buttons 
and users get rewards for sharing. The system has fraud protection, bot 
defense with audience targeting possibility based on CPV (cost per visit) 
payments.

The innovation of Sharpay — blockchain profit for sharing with tokens and 
multisharing — sharing in several networks with one click.This is a unique 
project, that has simultanioulsy the two possibilities. The technology is 
protected by the Eurasian international patent priority.

Sharpay — is a new SMM instrument for increasing traffic, conversions, 
sessions and sales with less spends. 

Spreading the Sharpay technology will increase the agregated sharing 
from 3% to 10% in the world. Sharpay plans to get 50% of that growth 
that is equal to 35% of international market in general. 

Sharpay will quarterly reserve 90% of the proceeds to ensure the 
redemption of tokens from their holders (investors and users). The 
program starts according to the results of the 3rd quarter of 2018. The 
price of the buyback is based on the nominal price of a token at 0.00003 
ETH which is approximately equal to $0.01 at the time of the official 
launch of the project in November, 2017.

Sharpay’s tokens are initially released on Ethereum according to the 
ERC20 standard, are the blockchain is used as a financial registry. At the 
next stage of development of Sharpay, we are going to develop and 
launch an independent decentralized blockchain system (BitShares fork 



4

with a POS-basis), followed by the migration of tokens - the blockchain 
will be used for issuing, distributing tokens between sites and users for 
social activity, and storing the information. 

Starting from the second stage, the profit from the blockchain will gain not 
only more users, but also more sites to install Sharpay button.



5

Market
People have always been sharing news, thoughts and ideas. A switch to 
online communication has significantly increased the number of people 
engaged in information exchange process as well as the volume of content 
being distributed. Today, any Internet project by all means wants to 
increase its appearance through different potential traffic sources, such 
as blogs, social media and forums. Visitor flow is money, reputation and 
business growth. Posting content in the social space is an integral part 
of search engine optimization. The number of platforms in the Internet 
engaged in social communications through information sharing increases 
every day. It’s already hard to imagine our life without this tool. We 
communicate, get acquainted with each other, promote our business, read 
news by sharing. 

Content sharing from websites to user pages on the social media appeared 
more than 10 years ago when Facebook, Twitter, VKontakte etc. became 
popular all over the world. Initially based on open social media API, this 
technology was at the same time caught up by independent start-up 
companies making it popular through aggregation of API of various social 
media into one and the same unit of share buttons with additional settings 
(customization) for independent website developers and users. After 
a while, AddThis.com, ShareThis.com, AddToAny.com, Pluso.ru 
became the most known and successful share aggregators in terms of its 
market share position. 

Currently, there are around 1 billion websites in the world and the number 
is growing by 5-7% per year in average. Share aggregators’ buttons 
can only be found on no more than 3% (30 million) of websites from 
this amount. The competitors have the following shares in the market 
(analytics by Sharpay):

 



6

10%

70%

14%

6%
97%

AddThis    ShareThis    AddToAny    Others    No button

As reported by Zenith Optimedia, the amount spent on SMM (social 
media marketing) all over the world will grow by 72% by 2019 — up to 
$50 billion — and will keep growing.

Source: https://www.zenithmedia.com/social-media-ads-hit-us50bn-
2019-catching-newspapers/

Subject

It’s been more than ten years since social media, share buttons 
and aggregators appeared in the market, but the traditional sharing 
technology has not actually changed. This is, however, strange for the 
fast-growing market of Internet solutions.

Traditional sharing: sharing action repeated for each new social media 



7

Why hasn’t traditional sharing been developing? Because IT-companies 
don’t see any great economical value working on this tool — monetizing 
methods have been limited for this technology. The first blockchain-based 
technologies may give a powerful impetus to the development of Internet 
advertisement through sharing.

Sharpay Solution 

Sharpay is a share button of the next generation, which allows for one-
click distribution of the content on social media with targeting and reward 
for click-through. As opposed to traditional analogues, Sharpay provides 
multisharing of information, i.e. it makes it possible for users to one-
click post the content on their pages on multiple social media at a time. 
Information posting becomes more convenient; moreover, after sharing 
each user gets blockchain-based tokens.

Sharpay is a new simple hi-tech blockchain-based SMM-tool for websites 
with embedded economic model of process incentive. Sharpay button 
extends traditional digital marketing battery and gives new possibilities 
for digital content, goods and services promotion. Sharpay ensures 
effective promotion of content on the Internet with targeting of viewers, 
rewards for click-through of the visitors corresponding to the established 
parameters and anti-cheat system. 

Websites using Sharpay will significantly increase their site traffic 
and sales conversion. Users clicking Sharpay buttons and distributing 
websites’ content will get a fair payment for being active on social media 
and for the click-thoughs on the posted links by their subscribers: the 
more subscribers and click-throughs — the higher the reward gained by 
the user who shared the link. 



8

Websites distributing content are interested in activeness of popular 
users who have millions of subscribers, but their interaction is often 
spontaneous (such as in Instagram). Sharpay provides the market with 
the new instrument, which makes counter-activity systematic. End users 
are essentially the main beneficiaries of Sharpay.

Sharpay as it is, makes the market generally better.It simplified the way 
various economic agents to find and communicate with each other, and 
the information of products and services will be distributed faster than 
ever. 

With all the above-listed multiplied by technological leap due to blockchain 
popularization and tokenization of the old technologies, the window 
for revolutionary possibilities for creation, development and success of 
Sharpay project is opened.

How the button looks like

The sharpay button can look like anything, for example, like on this page, 
or it can be customized for the design of the site. The sharpay button can 
be in any color and be the logos of any social networks. The main feature 
of the button is the code, which is activated when you click on the button. 
We can also use your own design and match it with out code.

Now Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, VK, Reddit, Telegram, Tumblr are already 
connected to the multisharing of the working version of the sharpay 
button. You can also copy a direct unique link and share it yourself on 
forums, blogs and in comments.

We are working on connecting new social networks, like WeChat, Weibo, 
QQ, G +, Viber, LiveJournal and others.



9

Sharpay Mission and Formula 
The mission of Sharpay is to provide both websites and users of 
social media with the new, mutually beneficial, convenient, automated 
instrument for the promotion of content and goods. For the websites: to 
increase their content (information and goods) distribution conversions; 
and for the users: to get rewards (i.e. gaining digital tokens) by 
distributing the content using a simple multsharing button.

You share — we pay. 
Sharing is the new mining. 

Get your Sharpay!

Multisharing + Its stimulation by tokens = increase in conversion 
of websites’ content distribution on social media, websites’ 
traffic and internal KPI growing (number of active users, views, 
registrations, sales etc.) + Convenience and possibility of gaining 
tokens for the users (digital currency, crypto-currency).



10

Technology description 
Sharpay project system is based on the synthesis of blockchain 
technology designed for system transparency and economic incentive of 
content promotion by means of tokens and multiaggregated API of the 
most of the leading world-wide social media and messengers (Facebook, 
Twitter, VKontakte etc.) designed for content distribution (multisharing).

System Functioning Model 
Step 1.  Website company/owner buys Sharpay token package, for 

example, 100 tokens (for $1), and sets targeting - who will be 
rewarded with tokens for sharing/multisharing its content and 
the click-through rewards setting etc.

Step 2.  Users start to share content on their pages on social media, 
forums, blogs, and messengers.

Step 3.  Sharpay user account is automatically created after the first 
time the user shares the content through Sharpay button upon 
his/her agreement. Every user gets his/her rating within the 
system by means of Sharpay scoring system (depending on the 
number of friends, quality of subscribers, user activeness etc.). 
Tokens are charged depending on the rating and the number of 
further click-throughs on the link posted by targeted visitors. 
There are four types of rating provided for in the basic solution 
(zero, low, middle, high).

Step 4.  Tokens are charged to the website’s account immediately after 
the users shared its content (if the website rewards users tokens 
not only for click-throughs but for sharing as well) and are put 
on hold for 24 hours. Moreover, the user is rewarded with tokens 
for click-throughs on the link distributed in accordance with the 
targeting parameters set by the website.

Step 5.  Sharpay automatically checks the availability of shared content 
on the pages of users (for it not to be deleted) within 24 hours, 
counts click-throughs, checks quality of visitors.

Step 6.  In case of positive check result (content is available on social 
media, click-throughs are in accordance with quality), award 
will be precisely calculated by the system and the tokens (on 



11

hold) will be released to the users accordingly. In case the result 
is negative, tokens (on hold) will be returned to the website’s 
account.

Schematically, system functioning algorithm may be displayed as the 
following sequence:

* The user goes to any website; sees interesting content — the Internet user’s visit to any website, 
which installed our Sharpay multisharing button instead of all conventional share-buttons

** The user shares the content in the social media — the user posted a link to interesting content 
on his/her social media pages (one or multiple to choose)

Connected social media 
are active for sharing

Posted**

Withdraws tokens 

The user has 
a sharpay.io account

The user doesn't have a 
sharpay.io account

Clicks the sharpay 
multi-sharing button

User's rating 
is positive

The user goes to sharpay.io

The share-window opens 
for comment

The user writes a comment and chooses social media 
to share the link to a website with his/her comment

Social media are not active

The user activates (OAuth) 
social media

The user shares the content 
in the social media**

sharpay.io Antibot verifies the user's social media rating 
according to its own scoring model

User's rating 
is negative

The user gets our tokens Tokens are frozen for 24 hours

sharpay.io antibot verifies the availability of the posted link 
to a website on the user's page during 24 hours

Link to the website is saved Link to the website is deleted

Accrued tokens unfrozen Tokens returned 
to the website

A sharpay.io account 
is created automatically 

Sees interesting contentThe user goes to any* website



12

Owners of Sharpay tokens may sell them in the exchange market or 
offer them for mandatory repurchase by Sharpay at the price set in the 
repurchase program. 

Possibility of conversion of Sharpay tokens into another cryto-currencies 
or currencies will depend upon the level of exchange market development. 

The user will have a scoring range for each social media, therefore, the 
amount of tokens being rewarded to the user for each multisharing will 
be depended on his/her total scoring range and correspondence between 
visitors clicking through the link and the targeting set by the website.

Example 1: if the user distributes website’s content in three social 
media in one click, he/she will be rewarded with 3 tokens. The 
amount of tokens is varied by the score of each social media, for 
example, 2 tokens for each FB and TW and 1 token for VK, 5 tokens 
in total.

Example 2: let’s say the website got 28 shares for 100 tokens 
purchased. 15 of them are qualitative (i.e. qualitative to the minimum 
for 1 token) and 13 are of higher class — of high quality (middle and 
high).

Thus, the value of one token is equal to the value of one minimally 
effective (qualitative) share (hereinafter, minimal effective share).

Website may gain 10,000 shares for 100 tokens, but there will be no more 
than 100 effective (paid-for) ones among them. 

1 minimal effective share = 1 Sharpay token = 0.00003 ETH, that is 
approximately equal to $0.01 at the time of the official launch of the 
project in November, 2017.

Sharpay is being updated at present. In the basic version of the project, 
the tokens can only be charged for sharing. IIn the updated version, the 
tokens can be charged for both sharing/multisharing and click-throughs. 
The system will be able to check the availability of the shared content on 
user’s pages; and the website will be able to choose whether to pay token 
for sharing/ multisharing and click-throughs together or separately. 

User who shares link of the content will be rewarded with tokens in 
accordance with three indices combined:

• number of click-throughs,



13

• targeting (who shared),
• targeting (who clicked the link).

Technological features
To optimize the work of the Sharpay project, the system has a number of 
technological features:

• easy integration: Sharpay multisharing buttons can be easily 
integrated into any Internet websites that are open to the integration of 
a third-party API, which means that millions of websites can install and 
activate Sharpay buttons in less than 30 minutes

• built-in targeting: websites that have installed Sharpay buttons 
will be able to target users — both sharing the content and following 
links — to optimize the amount of tokens being payout (tokens accrual 
to users) and fair charging of tokens, for example, only for goes that 
correspond the necessary criteria

• «Social capital»: users «sharing» content through the Sharpay 
buttons, will be automatically evaluated and ranked within the Sharpay 
system, depending on the level of their activity on social media 
(number of friends / subscribers, the number of publications/reposts, 
etc.), which will affect the amount of tokens being rewarded to each 
particular user, reliably protecting websites from bots, but providing an 
opportunity for popular users to receive decent high reward.

• protection from fraud: to avoid abuse, the system has a mechanism 
to protect against bots and advertising fraud, limiting the number and 
size of multisharing paid per the day / week / month — will effectively 
counter the cheaters

• ease-to-use: the basic user, in order to start «multisharing» content 
using the Sharpay buttons installed on any different websites, does 
not need to learn anything new and immerse himself in the world of 
blockchain, tokens and crypto-technologies — at the first stage, the 
user makes familiar actions to spread the interesting content (same as 
with old sharing buttons), with only the difference of the appearance 
of multisharing, now it’s easier and faster, plus, the user will see his/
her growing balance of tokens in the system, which in the future, at 
a conscious transition to the next stage of cooperation with Sharpay 
system, will give the user the opportunity to receive a personal private 
key and access to the balance, to transfer tokens to cryptocurrency 
exchange and/or withdraw fiat.



14

The principle of operation, installation, 
convenience for websites

To successfully integrate and use the Sharpay multisharing buttons, 
websites need just a few clicks to get the button code with a personal 
unique identifier, set this code on the pages of their website, removing 
all old-generation button codes of the usual sharing. After that, the 
button is ready for use by users (site visitors) for content distribution and 
promotion.

* Clicked the personal account in sharpay.io — all actions in the personal account in sharpay.io 
are carried out by the sire owner or website administrator (manager), if he has appropriate 
instructions or authority.



15

Multisharing, user convenience

Users (site visitors), can now easily <<share>> interesting content from 
the website to their pages on social media by clicking on the Sharpay 
multisharing button, which has no difference from the old generation 
sharing button in appearance and customization.

(In one of the button customizing options, it is possible to display the 
digital balance of tokens directly on the button, with a crypto currency 
Token Sale, which will attract users to click on the Sharpay button and 
distribute content).

If the users are interested in distributing interesting content of the 
website, they can click <<share>> to activate the Sharpay button, a 
pop-up window will be appeared and they can write a comment on the 
content and choose the social media to share on.

The peculiarity and convenience of multisharing are that they can choose 
more than one social media to share on with a comment by clicking on the 
<<Send>> button.

It should be noted thatat the first activation of any social media in this 
process, a personal account with an electronic wallet inside Sharpay 
will be automatically created for the user, to which the user can access 
at any time using Oauth-authorization, without the need to enter a login 
/ password. When the project is transitioned to a blockchain, the user 
will receive a private key (one private key for one account) from his/her 
wallet).



16

* The user goes to any site – the user’s redirection online to any site that has already installed the 
sharpay multisharing button, instead of all the usual share-buttons

** Clicks the animated sharpay button – at the time of the first sharing, the user automatically 
creates a personal cabinet in sharpay

*** Shares content – the user published a link to interesting content on his/her pages in social 
networks, in one or more at his/her discretion

**** Withdraws tokens – through a quarterly sharpay program of buying tokens, or through crypto-
exchanges

***** Receive notification of a new content according to the targeting – sharpay sends to users, 
who meet specified criteria, notifications about the possibility to share new interesting content that 
sites promote for tokens



17

Economic model of multisharing stimulation

An important element of the whole system is the built-in economic model 
for stimulating content distribution. After the user a) decides to «share» 
interesting content, b) writes his/her comment on it, c) chooses, at his/
her discretion and interests of the audience, the social media to share 
on, d) presses the button «Send» — the user will see that tokens for the 
distribution of content and following links accrued on the balance of his/
her personal online wallet in Sharpay.

All this, of course, not only simplifies the distribution of website content on 
social media (option — multisharing), forums and instant messengers, but, 
by receiving rewards in tokens of the system, also encourages users to 
repeat multisharing in the future in order to «earn».

Comparison with competitors

In comparison with its predecessors, aggregators of the usual old-
generation sharing, Sharpay has the following advantages (own Sharpay 
analysis):

Sharing NEW:  multisharing

NEW:  
sharing with 

profit

NEW:  
Blockchain 

usage

+ + + +

AddThis + – – –
ShareThis + +/– – –
AddToAny + – – –
Pluso + – – –



18

Sharpay business model
The basis of the economic model of Sharpay is the following:

• CTR is the ratio of users who click the Sharpay content sharing 
buttons with blockchain profit

• Number of websites and applications with buttons is the total 
number of websites and mobile applications with Sharpay buttons 
installed

• Number of websites that buy Sharpay tokens is the percentage 
of websites and mobile applications from the total number of those 
which installed buttons that use Sharpay tokens to encourage content 
distribution

• Average traffic on websites/per month is the average traffic size 
on each website with Sharpay buttons (Sharpay’s own analytics based 
on open data on monthly traffic on the Internet on different websites)

• The ratio of verified users receiving Sharpay tokens is the 
percentage of users distributing content through the Sharpay buttons 
that passed the internal anti-bot filter of the Sharpay system

• CPV (cost per visit) for a website is the minimum cost of 1 visit for 
a website (how much the website gives to users in USD equivalent) 
corresponds to the market value of 1 Sharpay token, starting from the 
nominal value at the start of the system

• CPV (cost per visit) for a verified user who receives Sharpay 
tokens is the minimum cost of 1 click / following for the user (how 
much the user receives from websites in USD equivalent) depends on 
the Sharpay fee, in relation to the cost of the click cost for the website

• Click efficiency ratio is an increase in the cost of a click, in 
accordance with targeting, is an indicator of the relevance of the 
audience, following the distributed links to the quality parameters of 
such an audience set by websites that the better the quality of the 
audience - the more the website gives to users, who have distributed 
links.

• User activity ratio (the amount of paid sharing per user a day) is 
the Sharpay antispam filter: how many links per day can the user 



19

distribute (total) with the help of Sharpay buttons, the followings for 
which will be paid to the user by the websites

• Sharpay fee is the percentage of the actual turnover of the tokens 
inside Sharpay retained as a reward 



20

Development scenarios

Following are 3 models of Sharpay development are presented, 
depending on the Token Sale results:

Development model,  
Token Sale no less than $3 million 2018 2019 2020

CTR (click-through rate) 1% 1% 1%

Number of websites and applications 
with buttons

31 000 59 000 115 000

Number of websites buying Sharpay 
tokens

7% 12% 15%

Average traffic on websites / per month 100 000 100 000 100 000

Ratio of verified users receiving  
Sharpay tokens

10% 15% 20%

CPV (cost per visit) for a website $0.01 $0.01 $0.01

CPV (cost per visit) for  
a verified user receiving Sharpay tokens

$0.009 $0.009 $0.009

Number of months in a year 12 12 12

Ratio of the click efficiency (average cost 
of click, in accordance with targeting)

3 3 3

User activity ratio (the amount of paid 
sharing per user a day)

5 5 5

Sharpay fee 10% 10% 10%



21

Development model,  
Token Sale $10 million 2018 2019 2020

CTR (click-through rate) 1% 1% 1%

Number of websites and applications 
with buttons

46 000 103 000 201 000

Number of websites buying Sharpay 
tokens

7% 12% 15%

Average traffic on websites / per month 100 000 100 000 100 000

Ratio of verified users receiving  
Sharpay tokens

10% 15% 20%

CPV (cost per visit) for a website $0.01 $0.01 $0.01

CPV (cost per visit) for  
a verified user receiving Sharpay tokens

$0.009 $0.009 $0.009

Number of months in a year 12 12 12

Ratio of the click efficiency (average 
cost of click, in accordance with 
targeting)

3 3 3

User activity ratio (the amount of paid 
sharing per user a day)

5 5 5

Sharpay fee 10% 10% 10%



22

Development model,  
Token Sale $15 million 2018 2019 2020

CTR (click-through rate) 1% 1% 1%

Number of websites and applications 
with buttons

58 000 124 000 243 000

Number of websites buying Sharpay 
tokens

7% 12% 15%

Average traffic on websites / per month 100 000 100 000 100 000

Ratio of verified users receiving  
Sharpay tokens

10% 15% 20%

CPV (cost per visit) for a website $0.01 $0.01 $0.01

CPV (cost per visit) for  
a verified user receiving Sharpay tokens

$0.009 $0.009 $0.009

Number of months in a year 12 12 12

Ratio of the click efficiency (average 
cost of click, in accordance with 
targeting)

3 3 3

User activity ratio (the amount of paid 
sharing per user a day)

5 5 5

Sharpay fee 10% 10% 10%



23

Financial plan

The main source of Sharpay monetization is the commission from the 
turnover of tokens in the system. The calculations in this Financial Plan 
are carried out according to the plan of revenue received from commission. 

Note that in future it is planned to activate additional ways of 
monetization, namely, provision of premium services and advertising 
placement in multisharing windows.

The economic model of Sharpay is based on the following formulas:

• Traffic (Sharpay button impressions) per year = Number of 
websites and applications with Sharpay buttons × Average traffic on 
websites / per month × Number of months in the year

• Number of Sharpay button impressions on websites that buy 
tokens = Number of traffic (Sharpay button impressions) per year × 
Number of websites that buy Sharpay tokens

• Number of user clicks on Sharpay buttons (number of 
sharings) = Number of Sharpay button impressions on websites that 
buy tokens × CTR (click-through rate) × User Activity Ratio (number 
of paid user sharing per day) × Number of months in the year

• Number of verified user clicks on Sharpay buttons (number of 
paid sharings) = Number of user clicks on Sharpay buttons (number 
of sharings) × Verified users receiving Sharpay tokens ratio

• Cost of visits for websites= The number of clicks of verified users 
on the Sharpay buttons (the number of paid sharings) × CPV (cost per 
visit) for a website × Ratio of click efficiency

• Sharpay fee = CPV (cost per visit) × Sharpay fee size

• TOTAL, Sharpay earnings = Sharpay fee

Tables below show the indicators of the Sharpay economic model planned 
to be achieved depending on the implemented scenario of the project 
development.



24

Monetization model,  
Token Sale $3 million 2018 2019 2020

Number of traffic (Sharpay button 
impressions), billions per year

37.2 70.8 138

Number of Sharpay button impressions on 
websites, buying tokens, billions

2.604 8.496 20.7

The number of user clicks on Sharpay 
buttons (the number of sharings), billions

1.562 5.098 12.42

The number of verified user clicks on 
Sharpay buttons (the number of paid 
sharings), billions

0.156 0.765 2.484

Cost of visits for websites, millions of $ 4.687 22.939 74.520

Sharpay Fee, millions of $ 0.469 2.294 7.452

Monetization model,  
Token Sale $10 million 2018 2019 2020

Number of traffic (Sharpay button 
impressions), billions per year

55.2 123.6 241.2

Number of Sharpay button impressions on 
websites, buying tokens, billions

3.864 14.832 36.18

The number of user clicks on Sharpay 
buttons (the number of sharings), billions

2.318 8.899 21.708

The number of verified user clicks on 
Sharpay buttons (the number of paid 
sharings), billions

0.232 1.335 4.342

Cost of visits for websites, millions of $ 6.955 40.046 130.248

Sharpay Fee, millions of $ 0.696 4.005 13.025



25

Monetization model,  
Token Sale $15 million 2018 2019 2020

Number of traffic (Sharpay button 
impressions), billions per year

69.6 148.8 291.6

Number of Sharpay button impressions on 
websites, buying tokens, billions

4.872 17.856 43.74

The number of user clicks on Sharpay 
buttons (the number of sharings), billions

2.923 10.713 26.244

The number of verified user clicks on 
Sharpay buttons (the number of paid 
sharings), billions

0.292 1.607 5.249

Cost of visits for websites, millions of $ 8.770 48.211 157.464

Sharpay Fee, millions of $ 0.877 4.821 15.746



26

Structure of expenditures
In the next 3 years, the financial assets raised in the ongoing Token Sale 
campaign will be used in the implementation of the entire set of tasks in 
order to achieve the goals stipulated by this document. 

Depending on the amount of the funds raised, Sharpay suggests 3 
development scenarios.

Scenario 1, Token Sale $3 million

Project development plan for 3 years:

• development of basic functions 

• development of buttons for mobile applications

• promotion and sales in Europe and Asia

• transposing international PCT priority into national patenting phases

 

34%

31%

8%

8%

9%

10%

33%

39%

4%

4%

11%

9%

32%

42%

3%

3%

12%

8%

 Development     Staff     Marketing and sales 

 Legal and patenting expenditures     Administrative and technical expenditures 

 Other expenditures 



27

Scenario 2, Token Sale $10 million

Project development plan for 3 years:

• development of basic functions 

• development of buttons for mobile applications

• promotion and sales in Europe and Asia

• transposing international PCT priority into national patenting phases

• launch of an independent decentralized blockchain (fork BitShares)

• migration of tokens to blockchain

• ensuring project compliance with the requirements of national 
regulatory authorities

• entering the markets of the USA, Canada and Latin America

• obtaining of national patents

 

34%

31%

8%

8%

9%

10%

33%

39%

4%

4%

11%

9%

32%

42%

3%

3%

12%

8%

 Development     Staff     Marketing and sales 

 Legal and patenting expenditures     Administrative and technical expenditures 

 Other expenditures 



28

Scenario 3, Token Sale $15 million

Project development plan for 3 years:

• development of basic functions 

• development of buttons for mobile applications

• promotion and sales in Europe and Asia

• transposing international PCT priority into national patenting phases

• launch of an independent decentralized blockchain (fork BitShares)

• migration of tokens to blockchain

• ensuring project compliance with the requirements of national 
regulatory authorities

• entering the markets of the USA, Canada and Latin America

• obtaining of national patents

• development and implementation of websites and online stores 
affiliate programs for the exchange of goods and services for the 
tokens of Sharpay users

• project scaling, entering all the most important world markets, active 
marketing and sales

 

34%

31%

8%

8%

9%

10%

33%

39%

4%

4%

11%

9%

32%

42%

3%

3%

12%

8%

 Development     Staff     Marketing and sales 

 Legal and patenting expenditures     Administrative and technical expenditures 

 Other expenditures 



29

Strategic plans
Over the next 3 years, Sharpay plans to:

• create a partnership base of 200–500 thousand commercially viable 
websites and applications that install Sharpay multisharing button 
(depending on the development scenario)

• have up to 50 million users registered (based on the planned number 
of websites with buttons and their average monthly traffic)

Sharpay expects that the trend for the growth of blockchain technologies 
popularity will become a powerful driver for the creation of the sharing 
market with blockchain profit. Moreover, new websites and mobile 
applications that previously did not use any sharing aggregators at all will 
be virally involved in the process. This should have an additional impact; 
actual penetration of Sharpay can be many times higher than the claimed 
one.

Today, old-generation buttons for aggregated sharing are installed only 
on 30–50 million websites, which is about 3–5% of the total number of 
websites on the Internet. All of them do not use economic stimulation of 
content distribution.

According to our forecasts, the distribution of Sharpay multisharing 
technology with blockchain profit payment will increase the penetration 
of aggregated sharing buttons by no less than up to 10%. Sharpay can 
drive the market growth multiple times. Based on the current market 
capacity assessment, Sharpay plans to occupy at least 50% of its growth 
in 5–7 years. This is equivalent to 35% of the aggregated sharing market 
in general. 

Not long ago, AddThis.com, one of the most well-known world 
aggregators of the obsolete sharing, was taken over by Oracle with an 
appraisal of about $200 million. The future Sharpay capitalization from 
the point of view of the occupied share of the sharing market should 
surpass the AddThis.com performance by at least 2 times. Thus, the 
market valuation of Sharpay may reach about $400 million in 3 years, 
and $1 billion in 5 years, as it continues to expand. Same benchmarks are 
also confirmed in terms of the planned number of partner websites in the 
system for the same period, their average need for Sharpay tokens to pay 
for promotion and, consequently, the market value of Sharpay tokens.



30

Risks and opportunities
Please note that we adequately assess the market potential, our risks, and 
the opportunities that our entry will provide for the existing established 
competitors.

These risks are taken into account in our planning and financial 
performance.

The launch of Sharpay can be a driver for the existing market players and 
their tuning in to the spirit of the times. However, Sharpay is clearly in a 
winning position against them, thanks to the time difference, as well as 
the availability of a ready-to-use technology that Sharpay team was the 
first to apply to this market.

Moreover, we enjoy the following advantages:

1. Not only has Sharpay implemented a sharing button with blockchain 
profit, but also has ALREADY activated the international patent 
protection procedure, which means a priority in the future in terms of 
providing such services.

2. Any potential competitor needs to restructure their development model 
to enter a new market, which is long, difficult, and expensive.

“You snooze, you don’t win. Early bird gets the worm”

Sharpay operates within the «blue ocean» concept, which is conscious 
avoiding price competition in traditional low-margin markets by seeking 
new free niches and gaining technological leadership there. This approach 
is designed to ensure the company’s entry to a new market and the 
creation of a new demand. The multisharing and blockchain profit for 
sharing are basic innovations in the Sharpay’s strategy. Currently 
Sharpay is the only company in the market that implements both these 
factors on a technological level at a time.

Marketing and sales

The successful market penetration of sharing buttons with blockchain 
profit depends on the efficient development of the partner network. 
Having focused all efforts in marketing and sales on building this 
network, Sharpay will get a full-fledged closed ecosystem. Sharpay’s 



31

partner network is platforms, websites, online services, aggregators 
and applications that have Sharpay buttons installed. Organic traffic 
of a partner network is a natural supplier of Sharpay end beneficiaries: 
platform users who promote content through multisharing.

The proper creation of a partner network will allow the token turnover 
to reach $75 million only within the system in the first 3 years of 
development, or up to $160 million in case of a wider penetration of the 
company due to high Token Sale raises.

The following is a list of Sharpay potential partners, ranked according to 
the market share and strategic interest, partly with the market valuation.

1. Search engines, platform owners and contextual advertising operators: 
Google, Yandex, Mail, Rambler, Begun and others — the largest market 
players of all categories of digital marketing services. They set the 
tone and run the market in general.

2. Social media. To increase revenue through the diversification of 
advertising services.

3. Online media. Wider coverage in the distribution of news and content. 
The Sharpay team predicts that online media can become the main 
driver for the growth of the entire Sharpay system.

4. Blogging platforms, designers of online stores and websites. To expand 
and further monetize their services.

5. Aggregators of sharing and posting: market volume of up to 100 
companies. They can buy licenses to use Sharpay. Old-generation 
sharing buttons are the potential profile strategic partners/investors.

6. Links and likes exchanges, referral operators, operators of loyalty 
programs, advertising RTB exchanges. They are looking for ways of 
additional monetization, growth of the client base, and traffic increase.

7. SMM oriented websites. They are looking for new SMM tools; decisions 
are made based on SMM opinion leaders and trends.

8. Operators of SMM and SEO services: global, regional, freelancers. 
Always happy to earn more.

9. Operators of social media advertising exchanges. To expand the 
sphere of influence and earnings.



32

10. Owners of online services and widgets, e.g. callback services. To drive 
the communication of the audience with their customers, to move the 
audience into warm and hot leads.

11. Mobile applications and services. One of the key and fast-growing 
development areas of the entire digital economy. They are most 
interested in all the services driving successful communication.



33

Roadmap

 



34

Emission, tokens, Token Sale
To finance the project, the international company Sharpay Inc. plans to 
issue and sell its own tokens to investors through a transparent Token 
Sale mechanism (Initial Coin Offering), using a Smart contract. This will 
allow future holders of Sharpay tokens to earn on the growth of the 
tokens market value at the exchange market, as well as to get full access 
to the system’s services by pre-purchasing tokens at an early stage of the 
project development for a notional value with an additional benefit.

In the context of «tokenization» and integration of Sharpay technology 
with the blockchain, the project is planned to be implemented in two 
stages:

Stage 1: ETH-based emission of the necessary volume of tokens for free 
sale, provision of the internal economy of the project, and distribution 
among users for multisharing and content promotion.

Stage 2: development and launch of the private blockchain, as well as the 
token migration. To ensure the speed and conditional «simplicity» of the 
implementation, it is considered to use the possibilities of the BitShares 
blockchain fork with the POS-basis for the future Sharpay blockchain. 

The reason to choose BitShares blockchain system is justified by the 
characteristics of this system, which surpasses the analogs for a number 
of characteristics:



35

Bitshares Bitcoin Ethereum Bitcoin Cash Litecoin Dash

Median Confirmation 
Time

~1.5 sec ~10 min ~2 min ~15 min ~3 min ~2 min

Number of Transactions  
Per Second

3.300 14 10–20 56 56 28

Maximum Number of 
Transactions Per Day

285 mln 1.2 mln 1.73 mln 4.8 mln 4.8 mln 2.4 mln

Cost Per Transaction $0.01 $2.34 $0.36 $0.07 $0.74 $0.15

Blockchain Usage
(# of operations in one day)

920k
SEP-13-2017

370k
MAY-14-2017

496k
SEP-06-2017

137k
AUG-16-2017

44k
SEP-01-2017

9.5k
AUG-19-2017

Blockchain Length
(# of blocks produced to date)

20 mln 490k 4.4 mln 495k 1.3 mln 752k

Source: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1394689.16280

Initially, tokens will be issued on the Ethereum blockchain platform using 
ERC20 Token Standard.

Quantity: 4 billion tokens 
Additional emission: Not expected.

Sharpay token is the only official means of payment within the system, 
as well as the basis of an effective business model of using Sharpay’s 
multisharing technology with a payment for sharing.

The scheme of token turnover in the system is as follows:

Sharpay User

Website

Exchanges, 
exchange systems

Re-purchase of user-earned tokens 
under the re-purchase program

Co
nve

rsio
n o

f to
ken

s in
to 

oth
er 

cry
pto

 cu
rre

nci
es 

or 
cur

ren
cie

s 

at 
the

 se
con

dar
y m

ark
et

Pu
rch

as
e o

f t
he

 to
ke

ns
 pa

ck
ag

e t
o r

ew
ard

 

us
ers

 fo
r s

ha
rin

g

Re
m

un
er

at
io

n 
of

 to
ke

ns
 

to
 y

ou
r s

ite
 a

cc
ou

nt

Rem
uneration of tokens 

for user account for sharing

Buying goods and services for tokens

$

 SRP
 SRP

 SRP

 SRP

 SRP$ $



36

Distribution of tokens
4 billion tokens = 100%

Tokens designation Distribution % Total tokens

Token Sales 37.5 1.5B

System functioning reserve 31.05 1.242B

Bonus for the project team 15 600M

Bounty program 2.5 100M

Advisers remuneration 7 280M

Bonuses for investors at the early stages 6.85 274M

Bonus for investors at the stage of 
Presale when buying a volume of more 
than 1 400 000 (= $8900 = 30 ETH) 
tokens (+ 5% of tokens from the 
purchased volume of tokens)

0.1 4M

TOTAL: 100 4 billion

 
Starting price of Sharpay token: 1 Sharpay token = 0.00003 ETH, that 
is approximately equal to $0.01 at the time of the official launch of the 
project in November, 2017.

Free sale of tokens is planned at Presale and Token Sale stages.

Presale
Presale period: From December 11, 2017 to February 11, 2018.

Presale plan: $800,000.

Tokens Presale package volume: About 2% of the total emission.



37

Presale bonus program

Presale bonus: 50% (55% in case of large volume purchases)

The volume of the bonus tokens for the Presale distribution of the 
participants: 44 million tokens.

Thus, with the purchase of 100 Sharpay tokens, the participant at the 
Presale stage actually receives 150 Sharpay tokens.

Until December 11, Sharpay team are preparing an open release of the 
main functionality of the system (multisharing and token accrual) and is 
running a marketing campaign to promote the Presale campaign. All funds 
raised at the Presale stage will be channeled to prepare the Token Sale 
(mainly for advertisement).

Token Sale

Token Sale period: From March 1 to May 31, 2018 (it is possible to extend 
the Token Sale period).

The minimum target amount to be raised during the Token Sale is  
$3,000,000.

Tokens Token Sale package volume: 1.42 billion Sharpay tokens (it is 
possible to increase the Token Sale tokens package from the system 
functioning reserve).

Distribution scheme of bonus tokens during Token Sale (preliminary):



38

Bonus, 
%

Total tokens  
for sale  

at a discount, 
million

Total tokens  
sold, 

million

Total tokens 
including  

the Token Sale 
bonus, milion

Total tokens  
for bonuses, 

million

Token Sale day 1 up to the sale of 100,000,000 tokens with a fixed 
bonus

40% 100 100 140 40

Token Sale week 1 up to the sale of 300,000,000 tokens with a fixed 
bonus

30% 300 400 390 90

Token Sale week 2 up to the sale of 500,000,000 tokens with a fixed 
bonus

20% 500 900 600 100

Token Sale week 3 until the end of Token Sale

0% 520 1 420 520 –

Tokens not sold during Presale and Token Sale will be transferred to the 
reserve fund for the further system functioning, immediately after the 
Token Sale.

After the Token Sale, Sharpay’s tokens will be traded at cryptocurrency 
exchange. This will provide an opportunity for users of the system to 
purchase it openly by gaining access to the platform products and sell it to 
the ecosystem participants interested in obtaining this access.



39

Token price strategy

Sharpay tokens are classic user tokens that will be used within the 
service without any time limit.

Sharpay plans an emission, which will be limited to 4 billion tokens. By 
using the token within the system, their number at the exchange will 
gradually decrease.

Due to the free circulation of the token outside the service, its price is 
unlimited and will be determined by the market based on demand and 
supply. The main factors of growth are the demand and supply at the 
cryptocurrency exchange, as well as the growth rate of the project itself. 
The project value will increase due to the increase in the number of users.

The Sharpay tokens value will depend on how actively the tokens are 
used at the platform and its number in the system. The token price may 
also depend on market conditions and other factors.

The main ways to increase the number of tokens in the market:

• allowing users to earn tokens on the platform through multisharing

• selling tokens from the reserve to companies that use the Sharpay 
button to attract customers. 



40

Buyback program

Sharpay plans to reserve 90% of the revenue quarterly to ensure the 
buyback of Sharpay tokens from the system users, who receive tokens 
as compensation for sharing/multisharing. The program starts with the 
results of Q3 2018.

The buyback price is based on the nominal price of the token and is the 
amount of 0,00003 ETH, that is approximately equal to $0.01 at the time 
of the official launch of the project in November, 2017.

Buyback scheme

1. Quarterly, 90% of the company’s revenue goes to the buyback of 
tokens. Preparations before the start of the buyback procedure take 1 
(one) month.

2. Sharpay places a Smart contract for the purchase of tokens with a 
fixed amount and a closing date in 30 (thirty) calendar days.

3. Sharpay users are informed of the possibility to sell tokens.

4. The tokens owners send it for sale until they reach the amount 
covering re-purchase of the number of tokens defined by the Smart 
contract.

5. One can send and withdraw tokens before the closing date of the 
Smart contract. After this date, the number of tokens is fixed and 
all participants receive the payment, in proportion to the number of 
tokens left in the contract.



41

Team
Anton Solodikov 
CEO 

IT entrepreneur, blockchain activist, inventor, author 
of patent and international patent applications for 
content promotion, previously, the CEO at Balalike LLP 
UK (development of content monetization systems) 
and CMO at GOLOS.io (blockchain and social network, 
tokens x20).

Igor Karavaev 
CBDO

Ex-executive Director at the Skolkovo Foundation, the 
leading Russian business incubator of start-ups, also 
as a ex-director of strategy and business development 
of the largest Russian corporations.

Arkady Yasashny  
CFO

Ex-top manager of the largest Russian banks (VTB, 
MDM, Union), an entrepreneur and investor in high-
tech start-ups.

Alexey Stukarchuk 
CTO

Blockchain enthusiast, experienced developer of 
ERP and CRM systems for international companies 
(including Skoda, Bosch, Ulmart), mobile application 
developer (iOS, Android), development team leader.



42

Valery Yushchenko    
Software Engineer

High qualified Front-End, Full-Stack, Database 
& Mobile developer, has working experience in 
Qualcomm for a long time (Sydney, Australia) and 
other international companies, now he is totally 
focused on blockchain technologies.

Ilya Afanasiev    
Support Engineer

Certified specialist in automatic systems of data 
processing; lives in China, fluently speaks Russian, 
English & Chinese.

Levi Yau 
Regional Manager (Asia, China, Hong Kong)

Entrepreneur, Web Developer, travel marketplace 
startup founder in Hong Kong.

Mark Vdovskikh   
Marketing Manager

Experienced international marketer, expert in strategic 
planning and creating the efficient communication 
systems 



43

Katerina Molodova   
SMM Manager 

Professional in public relations, has strong experience 
in SMM, content marketing, advertising and event 
marketing.   

Olga Rayner 
Community Manager (English, European, Russian)

Cryptoenthusiast, philologist, professional interpreter, 
speaks English, French & Russian

Daria Dreimanis

Community Manager (German, European, Latin)

Specialist in cross culture communications, 
coordinator of German, European & Spanish 
communities

Vadim Scherbak   
Community Manager (Russia)

Tech evangelist, researcher, innovator, has more than 
10 years experience in IT communications 



44

Advisers
Ken Huang 
Chief Blockchain Scientist, VP at Huawei Technologies 

Worked for CGI Federal office in USA as Director of 
Cyber Security, and Director of Cloud Security. He 
established CGI Federal Identity Management Practice, 
and Cyber Security Competence Center. While working 
for CGI as Executive Consultant, Ken consulted 
the United States Federal Government, financial 
institutions, and utility companies and provided 
expertise in Finance, Blockchain, and Cyber Security. 
He graduated from Zhejian Normal University, 
Xian Jiaotong University in China and University of 
Lausanne in Switzerland.

Simon Choi 
TOP 10 at ICObench, Fintech & ICO Lawyer

International lawyer with more than 25 years of 
experience, qualified to practise law in England & 
Wales, and in Hong Kong, China. He is well known 
blockchain speaker and blogger, rated world TOP 10 
by ICObench. Simon graduated from the law schools’ 
of Peking University, the University of London and the 
University of Hong Kong respectively. Simon provides 
advising and reviewing new blockchain regulations in 
various jurisdictions to ensure the highest degree of 
compliance and adherence to all relevant government 
policies towards blockchain technology.

Vincent Mascart  
Blockchain Enthusiast, Developer & Blogger 

Entrepreneur, Developer, founder of several 
companies, has provided consultancy to several 
international companies and is now totally focused on 
blockchain technologies. 



45

Blockchain enthusiast, оne of the TOP bloggers in the 
Steemit and Golos Blockchains. Witness for multiple 
DPOS projects (Steemit, Golos etc.), has succesfully 
created and deployed several blockchain based 
applications. Speaks French, English, Dutch, Italian, 
Chinese and is learning Russian.

Intellectual property

Since 2012, the project team has filed multiple patent applications, 
describing the possibility of multisharing and stimulating the distribution 
of content tokens, money, points, etc. Currently, the patent technology is 
covered by the patent priority for the Eurasian international application. 
There are no existing direct equivalents.

All project intellectual property rights belong to Sharpay Inc.

Legal aspects
The official legal entity of the project is the company Sharpay Inc. Legal 
address of the company: Suite 101, 1885 Driftwood Bay, Belize City, 
Belize.

Sharpay Inc. devoted a lot of time and resources to studying the issues 
of the legal status of tokens and the business model of Sharpay, from the 
point of view of integration of technologies for multishing and blocking 
technologies.

The tokens produced by the company are specially designed to support 
the operation of the Sharpay multicasting system. For this, between users 
and Sharpay Inc. contracts will be concluded.

Sharpay tokens holders accept all risks of handling tokens Sharpay Inc. 
to themselves. Tokens can not be returned immediately after purchase. 
Sharpay Inc. plans to buyback users tokens on the conditions described in 
the corresponding section of the White Paper.

The purchase of Sharpay tokens is not equated to buying shares in 



46

Sharpay Inc. and their holders do not have ownership, control or any other 
rights in Sharpay Inc.

For the convenience of users, the documents of Sharpay Inc. (White Paper, 
One Pager), site and other public information about Sharpay Inc. are 
available in several languages   on the site www.sharpay.io, in this case, in 
the event of a discrepancy, the English version has priority.

Liability limitations

This document is the intellectual property of Sharpay Inc.

The information contained herein is for informational purposes only for 
non-commercial, personal use, does not imply any contractual relations, 
may be incomplete and can be updated at any time, without prior notice, 
as Sharpay Inc. may think fit.

Unless expressly stated otherwise, all information in this document is 
for reference only. Sharpay Inc. does not provide any warranty, express 
or implied, with respect to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of 
the materials and data mentioned in this document. At the same time, 
Sharpay Inc. makes every effort to ensure that all data in the document 
submitted are accurate and relevant as of today.

Materials relating to the sale of Sharpay tokens should not be considered 
as an incentive to purchase and the only or sufficient reason to form such 
a decision. Sharpay tokens can only be purchased if it is not prohibited 
by the laws of the buyer’s country of residence (for individuals) or 
registration (for legal entities). It is prohibited to participate in Sharpay 
Inc. Token Sale to the residents of those countries, where participacion is 
directly restricted (for example, residents of the United States, Singapore, 
Vietnam and some other countries) can not participate. Sharpay Inc. is 
not responsible for those Token Sale participants who take part in this 
event in breach of their country’s laws, even if violations of these laws are 
due to ignorance. 

Sharpay Inc. also is not responsible for the requirements that the tax 
authorities of the country of residence (for individuals) or registration (for 
legal entities) may impose, due to the purchase, ownership and use of 
Sharpay tokens.



47

Sharpay token holders are solely responsible for determining whether a 
potential valuation or reassessment of the value of the Sharpay token 
in the long term may have any tax implications in their jurisdiction.
Sharpay Inc. strives to provide the most accurate and up-to-date data 
in this document, but disclaims any liability for damages arising from 
inaccuracy, irrelevance or incompleteness of the material contained in this 
document.Sharpay Inc. encourages individuals and legal entities to seek 
additional advice from legal, tax, financial or other specialized independent 
specialists before taking any action, as a result of familiarization with the 
information contained herein.


