
















































 

1 

 

 



 

2 

 

Abstract 
Smart Investment Fund Token (SIFT) is an ERC20-compliant  smart contract 

within the Ethereum blockchain that pays dividends in ether monthly.  Each 

SIFT represents a single share in a volume-trading investment fund for 

cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Dash and Litecoin.  In 

addition to monthly dividends, shareholders will also be able to trade their 

tokens at market rates allowing them to cash-out as the fund value increases 

over time. 

The SIFT ICO will release an unlimited amount of SIFT tokens for a period of 

45 days at an exchange rate of 0.01ETH per SIFT.  Each SIFT will represent a 

single share in the fund directly proportional to the number of issued tokens 

– giving no shareholder more priority than others.  The majority of raised 

funds will be used for trading purposes, with a small percentage of the fund 

being held back for prudent reserves and administration.  This means that 

whether the fund launches with 100,000 SIFT or 1,000,000 SIFT the 

percentage return for an individual will stay the same. 

The volume trading algorithms used for SIFT have been developed over the 

past decade as part of the Smart Trader trading system which is available as 

a commercial product  and uses proprietary Smart Volume Analysis 

algorithms.  The most recent version of this system has extended the 

platform, allowing decades of volume trading experience to be brought to 

cyptocurrency markets. 

The fund is to be structured in a risk-averse fashion with a percentage of 

funds always held back from trades as a reserve.  The proportion of the fund 

allocated to individual investment portfolios (BTC, ETH, etc.) will be 

weighted based upon currency and signal risk.  As an additional measure, all 

funds are kept in fiat currencies (USD, GBP and EUR) when not actively 

involved in a trade, meaning that exposure to blockchain assets is kept to a 

minimum.  

The smart contracts that back SIFT include an audit system to show the 

current reserves of the company and to prove its value.  This self-

certification will occur daily, with quarterly external audits providing 

                                                

1 https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard 
2 https://www.metatrader4.com/en 



 

3 

 

further validation to ensure the ongoing confidence of our investors.  There 

are also contracts to pay dividends between shareholders and there will be 

the addition of voting support to allow investors to have a say in any future 

direction of the fund. 

Investors will be able to enter a managed fund that allows them to take part 

in the moves of cryptocurrency exchange without the effort and significant 

capital investment that would otherwise be required.  SIFT provides many 

of the same advantages and protections of a managed mutual fund but is 

specifically designed for cryptocurrencies. 

The SIFT ICO opens August 1st, 2017 and runs until September 15th, 2017.  To 

invest in SIFT you must have an Ethereum balance and can either send funds 

directly from your wallet or can download the Windows SIFT desktop 

application to invest.  Full instructions showing how to invest in SIFT can be 

found on our website. 

Key Points 
• The Smart Investment Fund is a trading fund that uses proprietary 

Smart Volume Analysis to trade cryptographic funds 

• A share in this fund is represented by an ERC-20 compliant token (one 

share is one SIFT) 

• Duration of ICO: 45 days 

• 1 SIFT costs 0.01 ETH during ICO 

• Unlimited SIFT supply – invested SIFT during ICO defines starting 

value of trading fund 

• Trading fund used to conduct trades in ETH, BTC, LTC, DASH, XRP 

• Trading profits returned to investors via monthly dividend payment 

and appreciation on asset value 

• Fund value kept in USD, EUR and GBP for stability and risk-reduction 

• Professional risk mitigation strategies in place 

• 10+ years of development of proprietary trading algorithms 

• Five different smart contracts at launch– including those for 

transparency and dividend payments with support voting to come 

soon 

• No management fees when there are no profits 

• Estimated annual ROI of more than 40% via shares and dividends 

based on a range of test scenarios and projections 



 

4 

 

• SIFT is a democratic organisation with voting on all major decisions 

about the fund’s future 

• Windows desktop application for easy management of smart contracts 

and shareholding 

• Fully tradeable asset on open exchanges 

• Regular third-party auditing of held-funds 

• Daily reporting of account balances and fund values 

Figure 1 - Overview of SIFT Contracts 

History 
Volume spread analysis is a technique of trading in markets that assesses 

what the “professional money” is doing.  The huge sums of money involved 

in professional trades ultimately define the market that everybody else 

invests in.  By analysing the volume and range of each bar on a chart it is 

possible for our systems to detect when professional players move in a 

market – if there is abnormally large movement of volume in a chart bar it 

could indicate professional movement of funds whilst smaller bars indicate 

that professionals are holding their position.  The concept works across 

different trading markets whether it be oil, forex or Bitcoin. 

 



 

5 

 

 

Figure 2 - Timeline of SMART history as it relates to the SMART Investment Fund Token ICO (SIFT) 

Generally, volume and price analysis is considered a difficult trading 

technique to master because it requires a deep understanding of multiple 

concepts and a large working set of data.  At the start of 2009 work to 

overcome these difficulties began with the resulting algorithms and 

techniques forming what is now known as Smart Trader.  Smart Trader  

(then known as Pip Builders) is a set of tools that have been developed over 

the last decade to provide a large degree of certainty when it comes to taking 

advantage of what the “smart money” is doing.  It was built up as part of the 

Forex Factory community  for training and has since then grown in to a 

commercial product. 

Since its humble beginning, Smart Trader now serves thousands of 

customers – many of which have made trading using volume trading their 

livelihood.  What started as a series of simple volume spread indicators for 

                                                

3 http://www.smartvsa.com 
4 https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=157629 



 

6 

 

manually trading using volume techniques has evolved into dozens of 

different proprietary signals and an AI-based advisor system.  This set of 

trading algorithms is known as Smart Volume Analysis (SVA).  Our system is 

even able to accurately predict the win-to-loss ratios for an individual trade 

and how much a single trade can win or lose depending on the combination 

of the currency, signal, chart timeframe and AI alerts. 

As the technology progressed, it became apparent that Smart Trader could 

be used for other markets beyond forex – including commodities.   Since 

2013 Smart has written about how volume analysis can be used to make 

money out of crypto currencies  and recent innovations have culminated in 

Smart Trader having specific enhancements that benefit trading crypto 

currencies.  With these proprietary algorithms, we can enter crypto trades 

with a huge degree of certainty . 

With the most recent platform and algorithmic improvements to Smart 

Trader having been released in June 2017 after months of extensive testing 

(including by Smart’s own customers) we are now ready to offer our years 

of experience in trading and algorithms to make SIFT available to invest in.  

SIFT not only combines the technology that powers Smart trader but will 

only ever be traded manually by our experienced traders that know the exact 

methodologies of our trading signals – allowing advanced judgements on top 

of artificial intelligence when making trades.  An investment in SIFT is not 

just an investment in the underlying technologies but also in the people that 

have developed these algorithms over the past decade. 

SIFT ICO 
The ICO for SIFT will run for a period of 45 days.  During this time, an 

unlimited number of SIFT will be available for a purchase at a rate of 0.01 

ETH per SIFT.  Users will be able to purchase SIFT by sending ether to the 

ICO smart contract address.  Their address will then be credited with the 

corresponding amount of SIFT and any change ether will be sent back to 

them.  Users can purchase as many times as they like during the ICO. 

                                                

5 http://www.smartvsa.com/news/smart-volume-analysis-can-be-used-on-any-chart-even-bitcoin 
6 http://www.smartvsa.com/news/bitcoin-trading-using-smart-volume-spread-analysis 



 

7 

 

 

Figure 3 - Representation of Purchase of SIFT via Smart Contract 

The ether raised as part of the ICO will be held in the smart contract until the 

ICO is closed.  The closing will occur manually at the end of 45 days and can 

be closed by a nominated administrator account.  The details of all fund 

administrators are available in an audited smart contract.  Once the ICO is 

closed the funds will then be extracted from the contract and exchanged to 

fiat currencies.  All ether will be extracted and exchanged only once the ICO 

has successfully closed. 

To ensure that SIFT does not have a crashing effect on the value of the 

currency, withdrawals to fiat currency will be staggered and spread across 

different exchanges over a period of days, or potentially weeks, depending 

on the volumes of investment raised and the specific market conditions 

within different exchanges at the time of withdrawal.  Balances will be 

audited during this period and trading will be able to commence as soon as 

initial withdrawals have been made.  With a long-term interest in the 

stability of cryptocurrencies, it is not SIFT’s intention for a rapid fund 

withdrawal that may depress market conditions.  The fund’s initial value will 

be determined as the total USD-equivalent sum at the various exchange rates 

that ether has been withdrawn at. 

Once the ICO has successfully completed, the fund will be move into its 

trading phase and will be served by the token contract (for transferring SIFT 

between investors) as well as dividend payment and auditing contracts. 

Although it is not envisaged that it will be required, there remains 

functionality within the smart contract to abort the ICO and return all ether 

to investors prior to the time that the ICO has been closed.  Due to the 

immutable nature of smart contracts SIFT believe that this functionality built 

into the blockchain provides further guarantees to investors.  The ICO 

contract also forbids any money to be removed from the contract by SIFT 



 

8 

 

staff until the ICO has ended successfully.  This ensures that if the ICO is 

aborted for any reason investors are guaranteed access to their funds.  If this 

does happen investors are able to withdraw their funds back to their original 

account at the full value of ether.  One of the reasons we keep the full balance 

locked inside the fund in ether, rather than allowing multiple funding 

options or withdrawing on a more regular basis to USD, is to ensure that until 

the fund begins trading everybody has visibility of, and access to, their funds. 

 

Figure 4 - Representation of ICO Phase Completing 

As ether is cashed out to fiat currencies the fund value will published and 

announced on the blockchain and the trading phase will be able to begin. 

Trading Phase 
The trading phase will commence once funds start being withdrawn from 

the ICO and will continue indefinitely.  At any moment in time the company 

will operate a trading fund.  Initially this funds value will be made exclusively 

of 85% of the initial ether investment converted to fiat currencies and 

quoted in USD.  The remaining 15% will be allocated to operating and 

management costs.  This 15% operation cost allocation will be returned to 

investors over the course of trading where we will not take a management 

fee until this has been paid back.  The trading fund itself will be always split 



 

9 

 

up in to two constituent components – a prudent reserve and the investment 

fund itself. 

Figure 5 - Trading Fund Allocations 

The fund aims to proactively manage risk.  One strategy that will be taken is 

ensuring that the all funds are kept in fiat currencies when not engaged in a 

trade.  SIFT will not hold cryptocurrencies other than for the durations of 

trades.  This is to ensure that, other than the intended volatility provided by 

a trade, the fund itself is not susceptible to market fluctuations and instead 

backs itself ultimately against the USD. 

When trading we will allocate a percentage of the active trading aspect of the 

fund against each of the traded crypto currencies.  This allocation will be 

based upon perceived stability and risk in that currency in much the same 

way that a mutual fund spreads its portfolio risk.  The individual currency 

risk will then be further weighted against signal risks (which are unique to 

each currency).  This gives an overall maximum exposure of the fund that 

any one trade could take – meaning that the whole trading fund is never 

exposed to a single risk. 



 

10 

 

Figure 6 - Example of Trading Fund Allocation 

For example, using the spread indicated in the example above with a fund 

value of $1,000,000 and Bitcoin’s current risk portfolio allocating it to 40% 

of the trading fund we would never enter a Bitcoin trade with more than 

$320,000. 

Many other risk-mitigation strategies will be employed including spreading 

investments between exchanges, only using low levels of leverage (never 

more than 5x and normally none) during extremely high-certainty trades 

and trading solely during the normal Monday to Friday market hours when 

SVA performs its best in the crypto markets. 

Large levels of investment in SIFT could mean that the fund’s value is 

sufficient to influence market direction.  Whilst this could be leveraged for 

short-term gain of the fund, it would have a much more negative long-term 

impact on profitability and interfere with the very concepts of volume 

analysis.  The allocation of currencies to different weightings will help 

mitigate this to some extent.  Additionally, the fund will spread its trading 

across multiple exchanges to not artificially reduce or increase prices 

beyond the natural levels of market demand.  Where appropriate, less funds 

will be traded using margin instead (so that no funds beyond our tolerated 

risk level are traded) where this may have less of an impact on the market.  

Rather than continuous trading, the fund’s actions will be designed for a few 



 

11 

 

select actions per day that support the long-term growth of both the 

currencies and the fund’s investors. 

The pairs that have been selected to trade with at launch are those that we 

consider that we hold significant data on, allowing us to perform reliable, 

low-risk trades.  The fund may expand to different cryptocurrencies at a 

future date depending on ongoing risk assessments.  Any decisions to 

expand to additional currencies or trading markets would be put to a vote of 

SIFT shareholders that would be performed via smart contract. 

Dividends will be paid out of the fund monthly when the fund has made a 

profit on that month.  Profits are determined as the amount the fund is worth 

now (after tax deductions) minus the amount it was worth at the end of the 

previous month and any management fees.  If there was no profit then no 

management fees will be charged.  Management fees are charged in 

profitable months at the lower of either 1.5% of the total fund value or 15% 

of profit.  The management fee is not charged at all until the original 15% 

operating costs fund is repaid to investors. 

Figure 7 - Example of Fee Structure shows an example of how fees and 

dividends would be paid out if there were a combination of growth and loss 

months within a year.  This illustration shows the restrictions in place that 

ensure the fund grows over time.  In this example, the fund returns a 22% 

growth in shareholder value and 22% dividend payment over the course of 

the year.  For simplicity, this chart does not include the initial operating costs 

being returned to investors however there is an online calculator that also 

shows this7. 

 

                                                

7https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16BQS3VPRp_lAyYuOw2sXyZHk8NIE_F5Xz-XXPVXyiZk 



 

12 

 

Figure 7 - Example of Fee Structure (close values post-tax deductions) 

 

Figure 8 - Example Yearly ROI Summary 

Of the total amount of profit 50% will be held-back and reinvested in to the 

fund for future growth.  This method allows both regular dividend payments 

and asset appreciation to investors.  Payments to investors will be made in 

ether through a smart contract on the first Monday of each month.  As soon 

as a payment is sent to the dividend contract it will immediately be made 

available to the current investors in SIFT who can withdraw it at a time of 

their choosing. 

 

Figure 9 - Visualisation of Dividend Payments 

 

Like any other ERC20-compliant token it is possible to trade SIFT with other 

investors on the Ethereum network.  There are many different exchanges 

available for this and rather than act as market-makers for our own fund, 

SIFT will be free to trade on any of these markets.  This allows investors to 



 

13 

 

sell all or a part of their shareholding in SIFT should they wish to cash-out at 

any point. 

The final component of SIFT is the right for shareholders to vote.  Except for 

day-to-day trading activities, any major decisions affecting SIFT will be 

subject to a vote.  This means that investors will be able to vote on major 

changes in trading patterns, - for example if the fund sought further 

investment or wanted to provide an exit route for investors at a future date.  

Shareholders will be able to vote directly on the blockchain or via the SIFT 

Windows Client application and each share will count as a single vote.  A 

majority of those that take part in a vote will be needed to carry any decision 

and all votes will be clearly visible at any point on the blockchain. 

Technology 
Despite being a financial product, SIFT is first and foremost the product of a 

technology company.  The two founders have both worked in the tech sector 

for the past two decades and this influences the practices and ethos of SIFT. 

From a solely technical standpoint SIFT is an ERC20-compliant token 

embedded as a smart contract within the Ethereum blockchain.  There are 

other contracts that support additional functionality such as managing the 

ICO, dividend payments, transparency and voting.  The source code for 

contracts is completely open source and freely accessible for anybody to 

inspect  and can be validated against deployed binaries on the blockchain. 

Within the ICO phase, the contracts deal with the issue of SIFT in exchange 

for tokens and allows for the ICO to either be gracefully wound-down and 

funds returned to investors or for the ICO to successfully close and have the 

ether withdrawn to commence the trading phase. 

During the trading phase, the contracts contain the ability for investors to 

transfer SIFT between each other and exchanges, to pay dividends to 

investors, ways for investors to query the fund’s reserves and market value 

at any moment in time and in the future support for taking part in votes will 

be added. 

                                                

8 https://github.com/smartift/smartift-contract 



 

14 

 

As well as interactions with the smart contract there is a substantial amount 

of auditing sent from the contract for the blockchain to see. 

The smart contract itself is supported with a Windows client application 

which allows for easy use and clear visibility of the state of the fund.  During 

the ICO phase this ensures that there is an easy route to buy and sell SIFT.  In 

the trading phase, the application will allow investors to see current fund 

information, take part in votes and check auditing information with ease. 

 

Figure 10 - SIFT Windows Application During ICO 

During the ICO the Windows client connects directly to the Ethereum 

network via a Geth or Mist’s RPC API to purchase SIFT.  Future versions will 

not only communicate directly with the blockchain but will also 

communicate via the SIFT microservice architecture.  This will allow people 

to view key information about SIFT without the need to be running a local 

Ethereum wallet.  These features will open much of the smart contract 

functionality to Windows, Linux, MacOS, iOS and Android users in future 

updates of the application. 

Behind the smart contract itself is Smart Trader v5 – the latest incarnation 

of our proprietary SVA algorithms created over the last decade.  This 

software generates trading signals that indicate when to open and close 

trades and the expected risk involved.  This software is built upon a strong 

C++ foundation and comes integrated in to various trading platforms.  The 

backend for Smart Trader is a cloud-based microservice architecture that is 

designed to scale with the platform itself. 



 

15 

 

Being a technology company at heart, Smart takes software seriously.  Whilst 

a smart contract is immutable, that is not the case with Smart Trader and it’s 

a product that has continued to be enhanced for more than a decade.  Behind 

the scenes there are numerous complete replicas of the Smart Trader 

architecture that allow development, testing and staging to occur before 

releases are presented to customers.  With any major release, we also 

conduct user testing prior to a full-blown product release.  All of this is 

encased within an environment of continuous integration and continuous 

delivery that currently runs on the Microsoft Visual Studio Team Services 

platform .  All public-facing infrastructure is cloud-based with easy 

scalability whilst our other environments are located on-site with secure 

VPN links to our production networks.  These quality assurance and agile 

development methodologies combine to ensure that each release we make 

of Smart Trader comes with minimal risk and clear rollback strategies to 

provide peace of mind. 

The expertise we have built over time factors in to our build and releases 

processes for SIFT.  The product versioning and release management – for 

example – ensures that updates to the Windows SIFT application can be 

quickly delivered as features are added whilst our agile lifecycle gives our 

more technical investors a glimpse into product development as we move 

forward. 

Experience 
The founders of SIFT have both worked in the technology and financial 

service sectors since the late 1990s and first met whilst working on internet 

merchant payment systems and ID verification systems around this time. 

James May worked as a financial trader starting in the late 1980s.  James 

excelled in his trading career and retired from the firm he worked and traded 

for.  After this, James became heavily involved in advanced analysis and more 

complicated instruments and trading and investment strategies as well as 

trading in and out of IPOs.  It was around this time that James also started 

using and learning about the internet.  The web was still text based at this 

stage and things like Archie and Gopher were how information was shared.  

In the mid-90s, while living in The Netherlands, James took part in what 

                                                

9 https://www.visualstudio.com/vso/ 



 

16 

 

would be the catalyst for what the internet is today.  James invested in an 

IPO for a company named Netscape.  A chance meeting and a long discussion 

with a successful entrepreneur from The Netherlands about how this 

innovative technology could change people’s lives was instrumental in the 

next two decades of his life. 

James immediately saw how interconnected technologies could unite and 

change the world.  He began to fund start-ups over the following years with 

technologies ranging from proprietary anti-spam solutions, to large scale 

international person to person payment and merchant banking systems.   

With many of his ventures funded from personal wealth built with his 

trading successes, thanks in large part to his deep understanding of volume 

analysis, James was eager to "pay it forward" by helping to promote volume 

analysis as it relates to trading in the forex markets for others to benefit as 

he had. 

Smart Trader was one project that came out of this period.  Volume spread 

analysis of financial markets and instruments and the methods to target 

them has taken up fair amount of his time during the last decade.  It was his 

in-depth discussions with his fellow SIFT-founder, and long-time friend Guy, 

exploring the issues surrounding large scale trading and transactional 

business' that led to his keen interest in cryptocurrencies.  When he started 

applying his market analysis systems to crypto charts he knew he was on to 

something important.  James is excited to take this next step in his personal 

and professional life with the culmination of what has been a great journey 

thus far. 

Currently, in addition to trading, James likes to spend time with his three 

children, wife and army of Rottweilers while he relaxes with his nice 

selection of koi. 

Guy Powell  is a technologist at heart who wrote his first line of code at the 

age of seven on his Commodore 64.  Since that time, technology has been 

part of his life and as the internet grew through the 1990s Guy focussed his 

technical skills in that direction.  By the late 1990s Guy was already working 

on large-scale billing systems for e-commerce sites and originally met James 

during such a project.  During the early 2000s Guy worked with many 

internet start-ups and created his first web-startup - an online music 

magazine which resulted in a brief detour into the music industry where he 

                                                

10 https://uk.linkedin.com/in/guytp 



 

17 

 

grew the magazine to over fifty members of staff, 250,000 unique visitors 

per month and put on an alternative-music festival in the UK. 

After moving on from this, Guy went on to co-found a retail start-up that 

catered to medium-sized retailers and provided a complete solution to their 

IT needs including in-store and head office point of sale and reporting 

systems.  This company even pioneered mobile point of sale applications at 

a time before the iPad and tablet computing had even been announced. 

Taking a break from start-ups to focus on his family, Guy started working in 

a transformative role with a wide range of clients on many high-profile 

projects from 2010 onwards.  His work covered everything from at-scale 

real-time systems to embedded computing.  He has worked with many blue-

chip companies including HP and Symantec and led the mobile architecture 

team at Capgemini UK where his work saw him architecting bespoke CESG-

compliant security solutions for UK government departments and where he 

co-wrote the company’s mobile security whitepaper in 2013 .  The largest 

project of the past five years saw Guy completely lead the re-engineering of 

a bespoke software system at De Beers for high-end diamond grading that 

saw huge increases in productivity and cost reduction. 

In 2016 Guy decided to move away from working with other clients so that 

he could spend more time at home and move away from the city.  As well as 

working with James on both Smart Trader and SIFT, since that time Guy has 

started a PhD in Robotics and Autonomous Systems at Bristol University  

where he is researching how socially assistive robotics can help people with 

mental health problems. 

Guy has been interested in blockchain technologies since 2012.  During that 

time Guy has written platforms on-top of multiple blockchain technologies, 

written his own mining software for Burstcoin that can run across platforms 

and operating systems  and has developed smart contracts on the Ethereum 

platform using Solidity.  He actively mines Riecoin just for the fun of using 

spare CPU cycles to solve large prime numbers.  His personal passion for 

cryptocurrencies combined with his great working relationship with James 

led to the decision to found SIFT. 

                                                

11 https://www.capgemini.com/resource-file-access/resource/pdf/mobile_security_pov_final.pdf 
12http://research-information.bristol.ac.uk/en/persons/guy-t-powell(499bd086-e42f-45f9-9198-
688e8edb0b53).html 
13 https://github.com/guytp/burst-sharp 



 

18 

 

Outside of work Guy lives in South Wales with his wife, three-year-old 

daughter, two Maine Coon cats, one moggy, two guinea pigs and nearly 100 

CPU cores churning away at any moment in time.  He also runs a YouTube 

channel  and blog  to share his varied adventures in technology. 

Trust and Risk Mitigation 
There is no doubt that much of the anonymity and privacy provided by 

blockchain technologies can result in a reduction in trust.  From its inception 

SIFT has been structured to try and counter these concerns.  We welcome 

transparency and are open to any further innovations in transparency that 

our shareholders desire.  Ultimately this is a fund run for our shareholders 

and if we can do anything to engender further trust, we will. 

To reduce risk, we will follow some basic financial strategies: 

• Invested funds are not accessible to SIFT until the end of a successful 

offering so that investors can access their money if the ICO is cancelled 

• Strategies to prevent sell-off of ICO funds depreciating the value of 

Ethereum 

• Trading fund to be kept in fiat currencies when not involved in a trade 

– whilst the fund will not benefit from potential huge swings upwards 

that being based in a cryptocurrency could provide it also means that 

the only risks that are taken are those that are calculated and based on 

SVA and we won’t see unexpected huge swings down 

• Currency amounts kept in exchanges for short-periods with the fiat 

currencies held in bank accounts when they are not being traded 

• Only use exchanges that are either regulated as a traditional forex 

marketplace or have proof of reserves (such as Poloniex and Kraken) 

• Multi-exchange trading policy to spread risk and to reduce impact that 

large trades have on the overall market using leverage where 

appropriate to balance risk and market impact 

• Each currency will be given a risk weighting determining a maximum 

percentage of the fund that can be exposed at any point in time for a 

trade 

                                                

14 https://youtube.com/GuyRobotTV 
15 http://GuyRobot.TV 



 

19 

 

• Human oversight and control of all trades – artificial intelligence is 

used only to enhance, rather than replace, decades of human expertise 

• Prudent reserve fund to ensure that the whole fund is never exposed 

at any point in time 

• Only perform trades during traditional market trading hours where 

SVA performs the best 

• Base trading on over a decade of research into SVA which includes 

bespoke algorithms 

To help support transparency we will do the following: 

• Provide public details about the company and its founders 

• Provide personal details of founders 

• Publish details to the blockchain of any cryptocurrency accounts that 

are used for holding balances or depositing to exchange 

• Provide read-only API keys to account balances where an exchange 

permits it and to otherwise publish details of transactions and 

balances on our website and the blockchain 

• Provided notarised versions of company bank accounts using 

TLSNotary  showing held balances in fiat currencies each Friday once 

all trades have been closed out 

• Publish notarised details of account history to the blockchain 

• Have an external audit once every three months which confirms that 

the balances published to the blockchain have been accurate over that 

time 

• Provide open-source implementations of all SIFT applications, 

contracts, services and websites (this excludes Smart Trader which 

remains proprietary) 

                                                

16 https://tlsnotary.org/pagesigner.html 



 

20 

 

 

Figure 11 - Summary of Financial Transparency Processes 

It is hoped that these actions will mitigate any concerns that potential 

investors may have.  SIFT will always be happy to answer any questions that 

investors may have and is willing to revisit any of these options to provide 

further certainty and clarity where appropriate. 

The Future 
Smart Trader will continue to grow and develop outside of SIFT.  Some 

innovations that are planned during the next fiscal year include a new 

volume analysis system that will use further artificial intelligence to 

recognise patterns in trading sessions and times of year to detect whether 

volume changes are as strong as they appear.  Any advances that come to 

Smart Trader will be made available to SIFT providing they make sense in a 

blockchain context. 

Once SIFT is well established we are looking to launch additional funds that 

expose other base currencies and trading pairs.  Some of this includes 

building out our own trading platform to aggregate the many different 

smaller altcoin exchanges that are currently present.  Once these capabilities 

have been built for both Smart Trader and our internal systems we will be 

looking to launch further investment funds based off the success of SIFT.  We 



 

21 

 

will be looking at how we can provide investors in SIFT with special benefits 

when we launch these future portfolios. 

Summary 
The Smart Investment Fund is a trading fund based on proprietary volume 

analysis techniques known as Smart Volume Analysis that have been 

developed over the last decade.  Despite being a well-known name within 

forex trading markets, Smart has only recent started to promote its 

algorithms within the cryptocurrency space and is now offering an 

investment vehicle that brings its combination of human trading and 

artificial intelligence to blockchain technology. 

Investors will be able to purchase Smart Investment Fund Tokens (SIFT) 

during the 45 day ICO with each SIFT costing 0.01 ETH on the Ethereum 

network.  Each SIFT will act as a single share in the fund and will receive 

dividends as well as the ability to trade ownership of the shares on open-

markets allowing investors to benefit from both asset-value increases and 

dividends. 

A combination of transparency, external auditing, risk-mitigation techniques 

and proprietary trading algorithms mean that SIFT provides investors with 

one of the easiest ways to become involved in the blockchain asset trading 

markets. 

Investors are welcome to field any further questions they may have to 

ico@smartift.com. 

mailto:ico@smartift.com

