











































Sola
White Paper ver. 1.1

October, 2017



2https://sola.foundation

Table Of Contents

Summary 3

Background 4

Social Information Network 6

Economy Layer 7
Attention has its price 7

SOL Token 8

Revenue streams 10

Users are Partners 11

Content Layer 12
Stacks and Cards 12

Ubiquitous Cardification 12

Basic Card Templates 14

Custom Card Templates 16

Advanced Card Templates 19

Distribution Layer 21
Incoherence Principle 21

Neutral AI 22

Collective Machine Learning 23

Architecture Layer 24
Why decentralize? 24

Decentralized Media Storage 25

Distributed Immutable Service (Nodes) 26

Moderation and Censorship 27

Joint Development 28
Open for a Purpose 28

User Layer 29

Developer Layer 29

Sola as Social Layer 30

Sola App 32

User Acquisition 34
Content Creators and their Audience 34

Automated Referral Program 35

Token Sale 36

Timeline 39

Team and Partners 40

Disclaimer 44

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


3https://sola.foundation

Summary

Sola is the next generation decentralized social platform that incentivizes 

and benefits all involved parties — users, third-party developers and the core 

team. The name Sola is an acronym for “social layer.”

Sola is an open ecosystem, which means that most of its source code will be 

made open source and available for audit, improvement and usage by anyone.

This document outlines Sola’s fundamental principles, structure and its 

economic and usage aspects for involved parties.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


4https://sola.foundation

Background

The most criticized aspect of centralized social networks is the way they 

handle user data and privacy. This is unlikely to come as a surprise, given 

that almost 100 percent revenue of social networks comes from displaying 

ads to their users based on the user data.

We consider this as a symptom and not the root cause. The root cause it that 

networks are reluctant to see their largest and most important audience, 

users, as their full partners. We think that users shall have the right to 

benefit from the networks, as do advertisers and network owners.

There have been a number of attempts (and they are not ceasing) to build 

an open sourced or a decentralized social network that pushes the concept 

and the business model of social media beyond the existing incumbents. It 

is worth mentioning app.net (paid open source Twitter rip-off) and Diaspora 

(distributed rudimentary Facebook clone). The most notable contenders 

today are Akasha (decentralized rudimentary Facebook rip-off) and Steemit 

(Reddit clone powered by cryptocurrency).

We do not consider these and other decentralized social network attempts as 

serious contenders in the social space. Despite modern architecture they are 

falling short on the two most important levels — comparable or superior user 

experience (ideally, of the new users) and a solid underlying business model.

There are two examples that fit into our defined criteria that a next-

generation social media contender should meet — Status and Kin. However, 

both of them use a messenger form factor, while we at Sola use a modified 

social network approach.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


5https://sola.foundation

We think that the social network approach is more likely to succeed than the 

messenger approach, as public communications are easier to monetize than 

private communications. Furthermore, it requires a lesser user base in order 

to become valuable, and the value of a social network grows faster than the 

value of a messenger.

Ilya and Pavel, Sola’s co-founders, have been working together since 

2011 when they established a new venture for innovative social products 

development. The first project of a photo-based social network We Heart Pics 

lost to Instagram and was shut down despite its 3M users. The next project 

was Plague, a social experiment that was started to find out if people were 

ready to communicate and collaborate with strangers in a constructive and 

respectful way. It has been running for almost 3 years, and now it is ready to 

come out of its infancy phase with a 650K user base.

Sola is successor to the Plague experiment and a major upgrade enabled by 

the blockchain capabilities. Sola has inherited Plague’s unique approach and 

proven social mechanics, together with all the data and the user base. We 

have created Sola in an attempt to succeed in our mission — to democratize 

access to the audience and to allow all involved parties to benefit from it.

In this White Paper, we intend to outline our approach to a next-

generation social network that uses decentralization because this necessary 

infrastructure element enables new approach implementation rather than 

“decentralize it while it’s hot” approach.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


6https://sola.foundation

Social Information Network

There are two general types of social media — messengers and social networks.

Messengers are private networks as they are mostly used for private 

communications and their content is private by default. Private 

communications are not considered in this paper.

Legacy social networks (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) can be categorized as 

semi-public networks. Despite most of their content being public, you 

are required to establish connections with other users in order to receive 

information without which such semi-public networks are useless. By 

making connections, you define your content. However, instead of choosing 

information directly, you choose sources of information. You effectively 

create filter bubbles for yourself. The system is restricted by its own rules, 

and it cannot show the content that falls out of filters. Moreover, legacy 

social networks were initially intended for communication among friends, so 

their feeds are a heavy mix of general and personal content.

Reddit comes closest to our definition of a social information network. 

Its content is not intended for friends but for the consumption by general 

audience. It does not require users to establish connections to use the service 

and it still provides a way to fine-tune the received results. Reddit has one of 

the most visited resources on the net despite the fact that it has not changed 

a lot in the last 12 years and was not fully aware of the Mobile First concept, 

at least in 2011. Thus, there are a lot of possibilities.

Sola is a public social information network with a strong financial incentive 

for all involved parties to follow the rules of the network and to develop it 

together. Its content is produced by quality-oriented users for the global 

audience instead of just the user’s friends.

Summarizing the above written statements, it is safe to call social 

information networks as a hybrid of a social and a media network.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


7https://sola.foundation

Economy Layer

Attention has its price

The amount of information created daily is growing exponentially. In digital 

economy, information production and spread cost is close to zero. At the 

same time, attention is a finite resource and cannot be stretched — you 

cannot read 100 books or look through 1 000 000 of pictures in just one 

day. It leads to growth of resource (attention) deficit and subsequently, 

a continuous increase of its cost.

Most of the real-sector economy is directly connected to the attention 

economy. It is not enough to create information, produce a good or 

a service — you need to attract user’s attention. The current model of 

attention distribution totally ignores attention producer/owner (aka user), 

excluding them from the economy. This will inevitably change in the nearest 

future.

Sola economy is built on the principle of ethical use of attention. Attention is 

the new currency.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


8https://sola.foundation

SOL Token

To empower Sola economy we issue SOL tokens based on the ERC20 

standard. Long-term viability of a platform depends on the viability of 

its economy and it is essential to be able to control it and influence its 

value with our own growing economy, development and overall progress. 

Bitcoin and Ethereum are huge economies in themselves and by using 

these currencies, we will become completely dependent on their state and 

fluctuations.

SOL is a pure utility token and the only currency used for transactions on 
the Sola platform:

• Possession of a token has no benefits other than monetary;

• Sola ecosystem exclusively uses SOL for transactions;

• Revenue in other currencies is converted into 

SOL through crypto exchanges;

• Users’ and developers’ earnings and rewards are provided in SOL;

• Third-party services built on the Sola platform should use SOL;

• Purchasing of additional services on Sola app (cards exposed 

to more users, action points, ad-free experience).

You can obtain SOL tokens in the following ways:

• Buy during Token Sale;

• Earn tokens by creating quality content 

endorsed by other users in Sola app;

• Earn tokens as a node owner, providing for the service distribution;

• Earn tokens by taking part in the Bounty Development Program, 

improving Sola platform and Sola app;

• Procure or trade tokens for different currency on the crypto exchange.

Sola economic system is a hybrid of an internal crypto economy powered 

by own token and external revenue streams with different monetization 

methods powered by a variety of currencies.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


9https://sola.foundation

Our idea is simple: in the current state of the crypto market it is still possible 

to make money out of thin air for a while using speculative approach to 

ensure token value, but it cannot serve as a long-term sustainable business 

model. The bubble will pop someday. To cover our expenses and fulfill our 

obligations to customers, partners and employees we have to earn money. 

In contrast to the critics of centralized social networks, we do not think 

advertising business model is “broken”. It is unequal to the user and it can be 

significantly improved with the implementation of a crypto economy, but it 

is definitely not broken.

  SOL       other currencies

We are not trying to find a substitution for the advertising model; 

we converge it with fair treatment of users.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


10https://sola.foundation

Revenue streams

Sola has a number of revenue streams:

• Native advertising (third-party networks at the early stage);

• Pay-per-engagement model (connectors for 3rd-party services that 

want to benefit their users for engagement — games, apps;

• Custom ad-hoc campaigns;

• User purchases for services built on Sola Platform (Action 

Points, ad-free accounts, additional exposure);

• SOL transactions commission;

• Token sale (limited capacity).

Stack and card format makes Sola app a perfect fit for native advertising. The 

frequency of ads displayed will be defined by tests. At the moment we consider 

that user will not see more than 2–3 ad cards per day, which is much less than 

what other social media can suggest. What makes Sola platform unique is the 

fact that users will be interested in boosting advertising on the network, as 

this has an effect on their potential earnings and the value of SOL.

Depending on the commercial stage of the platform functionality and its 

audience size we forecast the following APRU:

ARPU,  
USD est.

Stage functionality

0.1–0.2 Third-party advertising network

0.3–0.7
Establishing direct relations with first-tier advertisers;  
Adding special ad-hoc projects

0.8–1.2
Replacing third-party advertising network with direct advertising 
self-service platform; Adding new formats of advertising action cards

1.2–2+ Launch of connector platform enables “pay-per-engagement model”

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


11https://sola.foundation

The platform suggests an opportunity to create third-party services using 

Sola developments, infrastructure and audience. It might as well be existing 

business integration like an online shop or a brand new service. Partners 

shall use SOL for the transactions within such services with the platform 

holding its fee.

Sola app provides a range of paid services including an ad-free version and 

Action Points purchase.

Users are Partners

It is critical for a social service to create quality content. This is why we 

consider content creators as partners and we share with them a part of our 

revenue. Revenue distribution between the content creators is performed 

based on the “endorsement” given by other users in Sola app.

To give the content creators additional motivation and to accelerate 

platform’s economic development, 18% of all emitted tokens will be 

transferred to the content creators using the Sola app endorsement 

mechanism. Once the token sale is over, these tokens will be evenly 

distributed (transferred to the users) over the next 365 days.

ATTENTION! SOL token ownership does not influence and is not 
connected to the platform revenue distribution, interest in revenue, 
the rights or the votes regarding any issues, etc. SOL token is the 

platform’s currency used as a reward for the content creator and 

nothing else.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


12https://sola.foundation

Content Layer

Stacks and Cards

Sola uses a stack of fullscreen containers for information — “cards” instead 
of legacy social networks traditional feed format. User always sees one item 

of information at a time. Tinder-like gesture-based mechanism is used to go 

through stacks. This stack implementation ensures higher user engagement 

with the content compared to feed concept.

Card format provides an opportunity to unify user experiences regardless of 

the card content and it is flexible enough to present any type of information.

Cards can consist from one to several “pages” allowing the users to portray 

large amount of information.

Ubiquitous Cardification

We think that any content can be presented as cards. We were the first to use the 

unified card format when the project was launched in 2014. We are happy to see 

that other social services are beginning to grasp its value from the point of user 

experience as well as good monetization opportunity — Instagram stories for 

photos, Twitter Moments for short form content, Medium Series for longreads, etc.

Over these three years we have conducted a series of experiments and have 

gathered a significant amount of data which helped us understand the way 

the format is used and the way it can be simplified. The latter is critical for 

consumer services. ML (Machine Learning) and NLP (Natural Language 

Processing) give us an opportunity to automate raw content to cards 

conversion in part or in whole. We call this process cardification.

The degree of cardification varies depending on the source content and 

user needs. With any kind of cardification, user can edit the result and add 

information.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


13https://sola.foundation

Basic cardification is used to convert links and standardized data from third 
party services. When you add a link, a card with the link and the title is created 

where all relevant source media-elements are stored allowing user to decorate 

their card. Third party service data is formatted and cleared of all excessive 

meta-data (YouTube videos, Instagram photos, Facebook posts, tweets etc).

ARTICLE IN BROWSER LINK PASTED TO SOLA LINK WITH CHOSEN PICTURE

Complete cardification is used when the user wants to take advantage of 
all source content. When such source is added, the algorithms automatically 

make a decision about the type of basic card templates to use, their number 

and their arrangement. It is under development now and is not available in 

the current public version of the app.

ARTICLE IN BROWSER LINK PASTED TO SOLA

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


14https://sola.foundation

Assisted cardification is the result of AI Summarize work, an algorithm 
that we have developed, which is best for medium and large amounts of text 

data processing (articles, longreads, etc.). Based on the explicit indication 

from user AI Summarize performs the semantic parsing of the source data 

and finds the parts which are essential to get the gist of the text. The result 

of this processing is ten or less cards containing the most important ideas 

of the source text with the least possible loss of useful information. The 

algorithm currently supports nine languages: English, French, German, 

Italian, Spanish, Czech, Dutch, Turkish and Swedish.

AI SummArIzAtIon ApplIedArtIcle In browSer lInk pASted to SolA

Basic Card Templates
Core platform functionality

The platform supports the following basic data types:

• Text Card (up to 250 characters);

• Link (title with URL);

• Poll (up to 5 options);

• Media (image, video, gif).

These data types can be used in any combination. Card templates are 

automatically selected as new content is added to achieve the most attractive 

presentation. For example, the font size is automatically reduced as more text 

or a media element is added to the card.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


15https://sola.foundation

A card can consist of several pages containing any data in any combination.

The core team has developed various templates which should cover basic user 

needs.

TEXT CARDS — THE SIMPLEST FORMAT.  
UP TO 250 CHARACTERS 
FOR 1 PAGE OF A CARD.

MEDIA CARDS WITH EMBEDDED 
PHOTOS, VIDEOS AND GIFS.

LINK CARDS — THEY ALLOW EXTERNAL 
LINK ATTACHMENT TO THE CARD.

POLL CARD. UP TO 5 OPTIONS.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


16https://sola.foundation

Custom Card Templates
3rd party developer’s custom card types

Access to the content layer is fully open to third party developers (paperwork 

is under development). This means that the platform allows creation and 

adjustment of card templates to fit the needs of a particular user and will be 

automatically available for all users.

Templates are generic and can be used by anyone and are not limited to the 

author.

EXAMPLE 1:  
AMAZON’S PRODUCT PAGE

DEFAULT TEMPLATE CUSTOM TEMPLATE

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


17https://sola.foundation

Now the reader can skim-read the essential points of the chosen article using 

the cards and there is no need to read through the whole text. If the reader 

finds the content of the cards particularly interesting then they can follow 

the link to the source article and read it more carefully.

DEFAULT TEMPLATE CUSTOM TEMPLATE

EXAMPLE 2:  
NEW YORK TIMES ARTICLE 

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


18https://sola.foundation

EXAMPLE 3:  
APP PAGE IN APP STORE

DEFAULT TEMPLATE CUSTOM TEMPLATE

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


19https://sola.foundation

Advanced Card Templates
Core platform functionality + 3rd party development

Our Roadmap includes complex interactive cards development and 

implementation phase. These cards will use smartphone sensors and 

external data like user location and smartphone movements, time of day, 

weather, etc. First of all, such opportunities are aimed at enhancing user 

engagement in the card content and then as commercial benefit for the ad 

providers and platform partners.

EXAMPLE 1: CARD WITH 
INTERACTIVITY PROVIDED BY 
PHONE SENSORS

EXAMPLE 2: PAID CONTENT WITH 
A SUBSCRIPTION OR PAY-PER-CARD 
MODEL

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


20https://sola.foundation

Third party developers will take part in this phase. They will obtain a part 

of revenue from these formats commercial use. A number of opportunities 

will be open to use within basic and custom templates once support at the 

platform level is on.

EXAMPLE 3: SHOPPING CARD WITH 
ABILITY TO PAY IN SOL

EXAMPLE 4: PAID APP INSTALLS 
AND PAY-PER-ENGAGEMENT MODEL

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


21https://sola.foundation

Distribution Layer

Incoherence Principle

Unlike traditional social networks, Sola does not require user 

interconnection. Content distribution is controlled by the algorithms that 

uses user overt actions as correctors and amplifiers. The necessity to perform 

actions is embedded into the service as its basic mechanics (user needs to 

make decision on the current card to move to the next card). This allows 

gathering larger amount of data per user compared to other social networks.

This approach gives the platform a huge advantage regarding user 

engagement and retention of the new users who can get a quality experience 

from the beginning.

Our current proprietary spread algorithm began as simple information spread 

for N nearby users and was under improvement based on real data for the last 

3 years. Now it takes into account many parameters such as text content basic 

analysis, user relationships, geographical location, UTC, language, etc. One 

of the key elements of this algorithm is the infection index of the card creator 

within the system and of those users who supported in spreading the card.

At the time of writing, users are testing the algorithm while fine-tuning with 

priority filters that are aimed at certain users.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


22https://sola.foundation

Neutral AI

Some time ago we started working on the new spread algorithm which uses 

neural networks based on deep learning. The end result we are planning to 

achieve is called Neutral AI. Its task is to select knowledge domains in the 
whole amount of data, understand the structure of the certain knowledge 

domain and either reject useless information or suggest the widest possible 

range of opinions in this domain depending on the certain knowledge 

domain and the set rules.

EXAMPLE 1: 
INFORMATION REJECTION

Within the “Tech” knowledge 

domain, we select the “iPhone” 

and “Android” topics. We start 

to consider them and suggest the 

user the cards selected from each 

topic. Based on the user’s reaction 

we understand whether that user 

is interested in the information 

about Android or not. In this 

case Neutral AI (according to the 

set rules) knows that for these 

topics there is no need to suggest 

a range of opinions and strives to 

protect the user from unnecessary 

information.

EXAMPLE 2: 
A RANGE OF OPINIONS

Within the “Politics” knowledge 

domain, we select topics from 

“USA Politics” sub-domain, 

the “Democrats” and the 

“Republicans”. An event occurs 

which is identified as related to the 

“USA Politics” sub-domain. In this 

case, while taking into account the 

essence of Neutral AI, we consider 

that we cannot restrict the range of 

opinions and thus strive to suggest 

the user all cards from the topics 

related to both the “Democrats” 

and the “Republicans”, providing 

full information and keeping the 

user out of the filter bubble.

Neutral AI logic and code will be documented. It will be open for review 

and suggestions for everyone, so that any prejudice and concern about the 

algorithm neutrality can be eliminated.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


23https://sola.foundation

Collective Machine Learning

Key problem in Machine learning is lack of marked datasets. Our solution is 

the category tree that reflects user’s main interest domains.

Classification algorithms allow us to set up a correspondence to the category 

tree for most of the analyzed information and to verify this correspondence 

with the help of the users.

The users taking part in the Neutral AI learning program will receive 

a certain percentage of all operations within the involved knowledge 

domain, corresponding to their contribution to the learning process. We 

expect that this will allow us to engage a significant part of the platform 

audience into the learning program.

Such category tree compilation requires a significant amount of work and 

expertise in each topic and domain. We expect to engage professional 

institutions in this process using the above mentioned reward scheme for 

each knowledge domain that they can help develop and improve.

Neutral AI can work in parallel or over the existing spread algorithm, 

allowing us to perform the learning and implementation by modules, 

focusing on those knowledge domains where the platform possesses more 

content and in development in which it takes greater interest.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


24https://sola.foundation

Architecture Layer

Launched in 2014 the service involved logical decentralization. This means 

that the users independently processed the available amount of information. 

An outburst of interest for blockchain technology and its drastic 

development has led us to a point where blockchain implementation into the 

mass user service is both feasible and justified. This is why we have made 

a decision to decentralize the service at the architecture level.

Why decentralize?

All social services that we use are centralized and controlled by a small 

group of people which makes them consequently and potentially impartial. 

At the same time democratic principles make it inevitable that sooner or 

later an independent social service will be created. Moreover, such attempts 

are regularly taken (see more detailed info).

From a functional point of view, decentralization has the following main 

advantages:

• A decentralized service is better in fighting blocking 

attempts and both self and external censorship;

• It can significantly lower platform service charges if wisely implemented;

• It allows restriction of service creators influence, subsequently 

becoming better fitting for end users and third party 

developers engagement into its development;

• Using cryptocurrencies is much more flexible and less costly 

than operating fiat currencies at the payment layer.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


25https://sola.foundation

We are carrying out transfer from the current centralized model to the 

decentralized and distributed architecture step by step.

Stage 1 — token issue: which leads to creation and 
start of the economic development;

Stage 2 — operations decentralization on blockchain;
Stage 3 — media-data handling decentralization;
Stage 4 — providing distributed operations via nodes.

Decentralized Media Storage

Media data (pictures, video, other card data) can be preliminarily stored via 

IPFS, which will allow content to be available anywhere.

IPFS is a good solution for fail-safe systems. The key risk is a relatively low 

access speed which will significantly affect user experience and can appear 

not to be enough for the highload consumer service.

For quick access to post media and data content available via IPFS, the CDN 

server can be used. This could cut data receipt time dramatically.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation
https://ipfs.io


26https://sola.foundation

Distributed Immutable Service (Nodes)

Country nodes shall be used to build a distributed service. Any user after 

the installation of the special software will be able to become a node for the 

platform and use excessive power of their PC to provide for its performance, 

servicing users located nearest in their country. As a reward, such user will 

get a certain percentage of all transactions with SOL within their node.

Nodes give two huge advantages to the platform:

• Platform maintenance becomes significantly cheaper, which 

means that costs can be reduced and the freed resources 

can be used for user payments and other purposes;

• Fail safe operation in case a node goes offline (including the main 

node) and in case of the country node isolation (i.e. service operation 

will remain intact when the Great Firewall of China is on).

  main node      country nodes

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


27https://sola.foundation

Moderation and Censorship

Our more than 10 years of experience in the social services domain has 

shown us that there is no way they can exist without moderation. An 

importance of centralized moderation is best shown by the examples of 

Facebook and Twitter. Moderation is one of the forms of censorship and 

claims of some services that they have no censorship are either evidence of 

a populist statement, or of complete ignorance about the basic principles of 

social media.

Moderation allows us to ensure safe and non-toxic environment which is 

extremely important for a social service that only has public content. To 

avoid abuse of power or becoming the blind tool of censorship, moderation 

shall be carried out as per publically stated rules.

In case of Sola the two-level moderation model is used:

• Centralized moderation provided by the team’s own forces;

• Decentralized pseudo-moderation at user level, where users can prohibit 

publishing the content which they think is improper. This tool can 

effectively reduce the audience for improper content like nudity and 

violence. Unfortunately, it can be pretty useless when dealing with racism, 

bullying and other such content which is often highly supported.

Our view is that ensuring comfortable and safe environment for public 

communication should be one of the priorities for the social service even if it 

involves certain unpopular decisions.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


28https://sola.foundation

Joint Development

Open for a Purpose

Social services market is one of the most competitive ones. The latest major 

players, Instagram (2010) and Snapchat (2011), were founded more than 

6 years ago, making use of mass user migration from PCs to smartphones — 

a window of opportunities missed by the largest market players.

We think that the drastic growth of decentralized services is comparable to 

this window potential. The very nature of a decentralized service suggests 

that it ideally fits to attract and develop users and other involved parties own 

services.

It is hard to fight for users and talents with the existing services that have 

many users and resources. It is not enough to produce a free product equal in 

quality and user experience.

One can attract allies by providing them with two kinds of motivation — 

financial and ideological, and they go together.

From an ideological point of view, we have created a social layer — an 

integrated social space which is defined and controlled by the actions of all, 

being owned by none. We are intentionally striving for restricting the core 

development team’s influence, keeping all current developments as open 

sourced as possible. Our task is to build the system in such a manner that it 

could be self-regulated with no external intrusion or as little as possible.

From a financial point of view, we consider it as pure necessity to 

acknowledge all involved parties (users, third party developers, and the 

core development team) as equal partners and grant every participant 

an opportunity to make profit from their contribution to the network 

development.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


29https://sola.foundation

User Layer

Users are provided with following three main profit-making scenarios:

• Receiving endorsement for user-created content (cards, 

comments) by other users (see more in Sola application);

• Using own resources to ensure distributed immutable service 

(see more in Distributed immutable service (Nodes));

• Contributing to Neutral AI learning and data separation 

(see more in Collective Machine Learning).

Developer Layer

API documented in detail is the the first major milestone after the launch 

of the service. Gradually, most of the existing code will be documented and 

open sourced.

Third party developers are also provided with the following three main 

profit-making scenarios:

• Content Layer (see more in Custom card templates and Advanced card 

templates) and Distribution Layer (see more in Neutral AI) development;

• Core platform and Core App improvement via 

Bounty Development Program;

• Own services development based on Sola capabilities 

and infrastructure (see more in the next section).

During the first quarter of 2018 we are planning to launch the Bounty 

Development Program which will enable the Core Dev Team to act as 

a customer and outsource some of the tasks to the experts that are 

unavailable or impractical to be hired as permanent team members.

Besides, the program will allow the engaged users to build teams enabling 

them to make joint requests for development supported by financial 

obligations.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


30https://sola.foundation

Sola as Social Layer

Being the Core Dev Team, we are focused entirely on platform development 

opportunities and the increase of its audience. However, we are completely 

aware of the fact that both users and advertisers are interested in 

communication as well as making profit.

Open Social Layer concept intends that we grant third parties free and 

unrestricted access to the users (the right to address the users, not the right 

to deal with their personal data) and the platform infrastructure to create 

EXAMPLE 1: CORE TEAM 
SPONSORED DEVELOPMENT

Core team wants to make the 

process of setting up and running 

a decentralized node as smooth 

as possible, but the design unit 

is overloaded. Thus, a bounty for 

an improved interface is declared 

for node installer and client. This 

decision is made after taking a vote 

of existing node holders.

EXAMPLE 2: USER SPONSORED 
DEVELOPMENT

Some users think that the service 

has to have an Instagram-like 

pinch zoom function. Core 

development team does not 

consider this request as their 

first priority and it goes to the 

Bounty Development Program 

where the users who want this 

function to be included fund 

SOL to the request deposit for its 

implementation. While the amount 

of reward is growing some third 

party developer solves this task 

and once the code is approved, it 

is implemented into the platform 

and the reward is released to the 

developer’s account.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


31https://sola.foundation

own services. The key points here are platform reputation and trust and we 

are able to provide all necessary elements to build quality relationships:

• Open source code;

• Public API;

• Universal payment layer based on cryptocurrency.

Our own Sola app is the first service built on the platform and its purpose 

is to demonstrate platform abilities, attract interest and audience to the 

platform.

The only condition to use the platform is an obligation to utilize SOL tokens 

as a means of payment. It does not mean that the platform is unable to work 

with other crypto and fiat currencies. However, it means that once received, 

they are to be converted to SOL. When a withdrawal for SOL is made, it can 

be converted into any other currency at the discretion of the service.

EXAMPLE 1:  THIRD-PARTY SERVICE 
BUILT IN SOLA APP

Sola’s content spread logic is fits 

perfectly for the early influencers 

detection. Third-party service 

allows investing in influencers for 

the share in their future profits. 

Relations are regulated by smart 

contracts. Investing interface can 

be placed in user’s profile providing 

visibility for both, the user and the 

service developer. Anyone who can 

see the widget can add it to their 

own profile which results in widget 

adoption in a viral way.

EXAMPLE 2:  EXTERNAL 
THIRD-PARTY SERVICE USING SOLA 
PLATFORM BUT NOT SOLA APP

Someone decides to make a truly 

user-friendly and social movie 

recommendation app. Users swipe 

through the movie database cards 

and user-generated cards like 

“5 best sci-fi movies of all time” 

one by one making “like” or 

“don’t like” decisions. Users can 

take part in discussions and receive 

better tailored recommendations 

after a while.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


32https://sola.foundation

Sola App

At the end of 2014 we launched Plague — a decentralized social and 

information network where information spread among users as per epidemic 

propagation model.

Sola app is an evolution of this service and has inherited its data, audience, 

interface and logic which are expanded and upgraded with the Sola platform 

resources.

The app is quite simple and crystal clear from the user experience point of 

view. Instead of traditional feeds, Sola uses a stack of cards. So, the user 

always sees only one card on the screen and is able to switch to the next only 

after making their decision on the current card. Gesture-based Tinder-like 

interface is used to switch between cards. Every card can either be ignored or 

“endorsed” which helps it spread across the network.

The Distribution layer is responsible for cards “assignment” to the users as it 

combines its own algorithms with the users’ “endorsement” signals and their 

personal settings.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation
https://plag.com


33https://sola.foundation

Every user receives their daily allowance of internal virtual currency — 

Action Points (basic + variable amount depending on user’s positive 

activities). Action points can be spent on user’s own created content 

(comments, cards) as well as other users’ content endorsement. When Action 

Points are transferred to another user, they are converted into the universal 
cryptocurrency — SOL.

In other words, Action Points have no value before they are transferred to 

another user as endorsement of created content. To gain the benefit from 

the service it is necessary to produce content (cards and comments). Action 

Points naturally restrict user’s opportunities and rationalize their behavior.

The app demonstrates an extremely high level of engagement, as everyday 

users create thousands of new posts and comments. On average, users daily 

spend 10 minutes using the app and look through 87 cards.

656 735 2 117 651 9 702 806 548 720 426
USERS REGISTERED CARDS CREATED COMMENTS CREATED VOTES FOR CARDS

United States, Germany, Japan, France, Russian Federation
TOP 5 COUNTRIES

* As of September, 1, 2017.

Mobile apps are available for download on App Store and Google Play, or use 

the web version.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation
http://ad.apps.fm/n01NOqYaEcEamMD1G9zkn_E7og6fuV2oOMeOQdRqrE2epQ0f4DDSXzOU7DiMS6HJxTemJAtuhhuk4DgMx9PXbvCYagKnjd3JTKLywLOw94o
http://ad.apps.fm/nfyCyshOA30PMufDFBpPmF5KLoEjTszcQMJsV6-2VnHFDLXitVHB6BlL95nuoNYf6UkeG-z_RZX54X_6_wDVtQE8veiYNsr-os-hXNIBKTw
https://sola.ai/


34https://sola.foundation

User Acquisition

Content Creators and their Audience

Content creators are both the key asset of a social network and one of the 

drivers of its development. Sola allows content creators to get direct financial 

benefit — money reward, which stimulates acquisition of quality content 

creators.

Our aim is to create the most favorable conditions for the largest possible 

content creator audience, so that content creators are motivated to create 

quality content on our platform which are:

• There is no entrance threshold. You can make money from the start. The 

cryptocurrency payment layer allows us to implement both automated 

and financially effective logic for paying any amount of reward;

• There is no need to make new connections first, as there is 

no such notion — our spread algorithm will take care of that 

while assisting the user to utilize the existing audience;

• There is no need to become a “pro” creator to monetize your 

content. Any comment or card allow users to make profit.

Many people have large audiences on those services where they are 

registered and which they use to spread their content — social networks, 

blogs, etc. A lot of these users have thousands and thousands of followers, 

but they lack direct monetization tools with the exception of contextual 

advertising or direct relationships with advertisers. However, there are no 

other direct monetization tools for small and medium “pro” creators, not to 

mention regular users.

Amongst other things, the above mentioned creators can also be highly, 

financially motivated to use Sola and to attract their followers onto the 

platform explicitly or implicitly, benefiting both from the content they create 

as well as referral programs.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


35https://sola.foundation

Automated Referral Program

Mobile phone verification and SOL cryptocurrency allows us to set referral 

programs for acquisition of new users, ensuring transparency and effectively 

stimulating program members.

As part of this program Sola’s current users are rewarded for attracting new 

users who follow their links to the content and the service itself.

A member who is attracts new users receives Action Points for each visit 

made by these new users. More Action Points are awarded if the new users 

register on the platform. In addition to this, the member of the program 

receives a certain percentage of SOL earned by the new user for some time 

period.

A big advantage of our approach to referral program’s implementation is that 

there is no need of special referral codes or any explicit participation in the 

program in general. Any user, spreading information beyond the network 

automatically becomes the member of the program and gets a detailed view 

of all granted rewards.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


36https://sola.foundation

Token Sale

SOL tokens are issued and put into circulation for Sola’s platform launch 

and functioning. SOL tokens are the only currency which is used for mutual 

payments among platform users. Part of these tokens will be sold to the 

current and future users during Token Sale. The received funds will be used 

for the platform development.

Token sale will last from November, 27 to December, 22 2017. The bonus 

scheme will be announced on https://sola.foundation later.

The   total   amount   of  SOL  token   created   will   be   150 000 000. Token sale hard 

cap is 5 000 000 USD. Token price is 0.1 USD.

Hard cap $5 000 000 collected sum equivalent

Currency accepted ETH, BTC, BTS

Token price 0.1 USD

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


37https://sola.foundation

During the first 365 days after the end of the token sale. 18% of the issued 

tokens will be evenly transferred to the user allocation fund to be used 

for rewards for the created content and as a means of financial support on 

platform at the stage of ad and other revenue streams development.

10% of the issued tokens will be reserved for the core dev team with a 

1-year lock, they are to be used for the incentive plan aimed at bringing and 

keeping highly qualified experts. 

2% will be transferred to the user allocation fund for rewards already accrued 

to the Sola App users from App’s launch till the end of Token Sale.

All funds raised during the token sale will be used for platform development 

as per the following ratio:

Since 2014, the project has been under development using proprietary funds 

and funds raised from venture capital investments. As of now, we have a run 

rate of about $1M per year. Additional funding will enable us to accelerate 

the product development. Besides this, it will give a spur to the development 

of the ecosystem and growth of the user base.  

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


38https://sola.foundation

The table below outlines the development progress for each layer.

Stage I Stage II Stage III

Engineering

Architecture 
layer

Decentralized  
operations (move to 

on-chain)

Decentralized media  
storage (IPFS). Moder-

ately lowered infrastruc-
ture costs.

Distributed via user-hosted 
nodes. Significantly low-
ered infrastructure costs. 

Highly immutable.

Distribution 
layer

Advanced criteria- and 
behavior-based spread 

algorithm.

Neural network based 
AI able to detect topics, 
expertise level, and the 

correlation between top-
ics (knowledge domains).

AI is able to detect knowl-
edge domains and topics 

with a variety of views 
(e.g. Politics) and provide a 

range of opinions.

Content 
layer

Long-form content 
capabilities. Advanced 

media content with 
interactivity

Auto-parsing of any kind 
of external content into a 

card format.

AI-based summarizing of 
a long form content with a 
natural language and con-
verting it to card format.

Ecosystem Public API Regular workshops
Sola developers support 

Fund

Economy layer

Revenue 
streams

Third-party advertising 
network + ads free 

premium accounts. Ad 
hoc special projects

Direct advertising 
self-service platform

Connector platform  
enables “pay per engage-

ment model”

Projected 
APRU, $

0.3–0.7 0.8–1.2 1.2–2+

Business 
development

Approaching first-tier 
advertisers for test 
implementations.

Revenue share part-
nerships with top-tier 

publishers.
Injection of professional 
content in card format.

Distribution of Sola adver-
tising the platform to the 

third-parties. Revenue 
share in exchange for traf-

fic in both ways.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


39https://sola.foundation

Timeline

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation


40https://sola.foundation

Team

Our core team has ten people. Seven of these are highly qualified engineers 

(as of 1st September, 2017). Most of our team has been working together 

since 2011, when the company was founded to work with innovative social 

services. Our headquarters is in Vilnius, Lithuania. We are annually 

audited by KPMG.

ILYA ZUDIN
CEO, co-founder

More than 10 years of experience in the social services area, 

including 2 years of experience in the area of social games. 

Since 2011 he has been working on his own social services. 

Ilya’s area of expertise is artificial decision-making systems. 

LinkedIn  Twitter

MAXIM BELOV
CFO

Media companies financial management expert, Maxim has 

been a part of the Sola team for last two years. Before Sola, he 

had worked for 5 years as Operational Finance Director for CTC 

Media (the largest media holding in Russia, NASDAQ public 

corporation).

LinkedIn

PAVEL PANOV
CTO, co-founder

More than 10 years of experience in development and senior 

management. Since 2011, Pavel has been working on his own 

social project in collaboration with Ilya Zudin. 

LinkedIn  GitHub

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KPMG
https://www.linkedin.com/in/eliaszudin/
https://twitter.com/eliaszudin
https://www.linkedin.com/in/maximvbelov/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pavel-panov-9ab65561/
https://github.com/pavelpanov


41https://sola.foundation

SERGEY 
DEVYATKIN
Software Engineer

ELENA 
ARKHIPOVA
Marketing Manager

DMITRY 
LYAPUSTIN
Product Designer

VASILY 
ZUBAREV
Architect  

OLEG 
MYKHAILENKO
Full-stack Engineer

Degree in Natural Language Processing. 

8 years experience in backend 

development. Machine Learning and 

Neural Networks expert.

GitHub

10 years of experience in developing 

web, mobile and desktop applications. 

Blockchain enthusiast.

GitHub

Сertified SCRUM practitioner, iOS adept 

and a tech lover. Participated in more 

than 12 successful B2B and B2C projects.

GitHub

Marketing communication, community 

support, media and PR activities.

LinkedIn

SERGEI 
VASILENKO
Software Engineer

ALEXANDER 
SHIBELEV
Software Engineer

Solid knowledge of Java and Android 

development. Machine Learning expert.

GitHub

Extensive experience in Java 

development. Master’s Degree 

(Distribution) in computer science.

GitHub

10+ years of graphic UI/UX design 

experience. In recent years Dmitry has 

been focused on Interaction design.

LinkedIn

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation
https://github.com/vas3k
https://github.com/blaremc
https://github.com/MacKudos
https://www.linkedin.com/in/nekie/
https://github.com/SergeiVasilenko
https://github.com/ashibelev
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitry-lyapustin-943a0483/


42https://sola.foundation

Advisors and Partners

IGOR MATSANYUK
Early investor

Serial entrepreneur turned investor. Invested in 40+ companies. 

Founder of IMI.VC and Chairman of Game Insight, one of the 

largest mobile games company. 

LinkedIn

GREGORY FINGER
Early investor

President and Founding Partner of DST Global, where he has 

participated in numerous high-profile investments in leading 

internet companies. Chairman of IMI.VC.

RONNY BOESING
Advisor

Founder and CEO of OpenLedger ApS, the world’s first 

blockchain powered conglomerate. With BTS founder, Dan 

Larimer, Ronny is constantly developing the Graphene/

BitShares ecosystem.

LinkedIn

MIKE BRUSOV
Advisor

Founder, CEO at Cindicator, Hybrid Intelligence for Effective 

Asset Management

LinkedIn

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation
http://imi.vc/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/igormatsanyuk
http://imi.vc/
https://openledger.info/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ronny-boesing-65b61720/
https://cindicator.com/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mike-brusov/


43https://sola.foundation

OPENLEDGER
Partner

World’s First Decentralized Exchange. The OpenLedger 

ecosystem includes advertising, trading, blockchain talent, and 

ICO marketing subsidiaries.

LAW&TRUST INTERNATIONAL
Partner

Law&Trust International company works in all areas of law 

and offers a wide range of services.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation
https://openledger.info/
https://lawstrust.com/


44https://sola.foundation

Disclaimer

All materials, such as SOLA White Paper, Business Plan, Development Road 

Map, etc., published on the Website or elsewhere, are not binding and do 

not — unless explicitly referred to herein — form a part of Terms, and are of 

descriptive nature only.

Information presented in this White Paper can be incomplete and does not 

contain any part of a contractual agreement. This White Paper does not 

contain any investment, legal, tax, regulatory, financial, accounting or any 

other type of recommendations, and this White Paper is not to be used as the 

only accurate basis for transaction assessment when procuring SOL tokens.

Before SOL token procurement, the potential buyer shall consult their legal, 

investment, tax, accounting and other advisors to define potential benefits, 

barriers and other consequences of such transactions. Nothing in this White 

Paper can be considered as request for investment, or proposal to procure 

any securities under any jurisdiction.

This document is not written in accordance with the laws or rules of any 

jurisdiction, and it does not fall under any jurisdiction which prohibits 

or in any way restricts cryptocurrency transactions. Some statements, 

assessments and financial information in this White Paper contain 

predictions, not facts. Such statements and information are subject to 

unknown risks and uncertainties. Should these risks or uncertainties 

materialize, the actual events or results may vary significantly from 

assessments contained in this document.

SOL tokens are neither proposed nor distributed, and they cannot be resold 

or in any other way disposed of by their owners to the citizens, physical 

and legal entities located or registered (i) in the United States of America 

(all states and Columbia district included), Puerto Rico, United States 

Virgin Islands, or any other territories of the United States of America, or 

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation/sola_token_sale_tos.pdf


45https://sola.foundation

(ii) in a country or a territory where transactions with cryptocurrencies are 

prohibited or in any way restricted. In case such if an entity has procured 

SOL tokens, its actions will be regarded as illegal, unauthorized and 

fraudulent, which will entail adverse effect.

The Company neither proposes nor distributes SOL tokens, nor has any 

business within regulated operations in Singapore or other countries and 

territories where transactions with or related to digital tokens are subject 

to prohibitive measures and require from the Company to be registered and 

licensed in all necessary governmental bodies. We remind every SOL token 

potential buyer that this White Paper is presented on grounds that the 

reader is the entity to which attention this document can be legally brought 

as per the jurisdiction the abovementioned entity is subject to.

Each SOL token potential buyer’s responsibility is to define if the buyer can 

legally procure SOL tokens under their own jurisdiction, and if the buyer 

can trade SOL tokens to the other buyer falling under another jurisdiction. 

This technical document written in the English language is the only official 

information source about the SOL project. Information contained here might 

be translated into other languages from time to time. In the course of such 

translation parts of the information presented here might be lost, damaged 

or misrepresented. The accuracy of such alternative information cannot be 

guaranteed. In case of any conflicts or differences between this document 

and such translations, preference is assigned to the English version of the 

official document.

This White Paper does not constitute a public offer.

https://sola.foundation
https://sola.foundation

	Summary
	Background
	Social Information Network
	Economy Layer
	Attention has its price
	SOL Token
	Revenue streams
	Users are Partners

	Content Layer
	Stacks and Cards
	Ubiquitous Cardification
	Basic Card Templates
	Custom Card Templates
	Advanced Card Templates

	Distribution Layer
	Incoherence Principle
	Neutral AI
	Collective Machine Learning

	Architecture Layer
	Why decentralize?
	Decentralized Media Storage
	Distributed Immutable Service (Nodes)
	Moderation and Censorship

	Joint Development
	Open for a Purpose
	User Layer
	Developer Layer
	Sola as Social Layer

	Sola App
	User Acquisition
	Content Creators and their Audience
	Automated Referral Program

	Token Sale
	Timeline
	Team
	Disclaimer

