











































WHITEPAPER

WWW.SPHERE.SOCIAL



1. PURPOSE ................................................................................................................. 4

2. PROBLEM .................................................................................................................. 4

2.1 The Current Method of Marketing Diminishes Potential Profits and Misses

the Mark

3. SOLUTION ................................................................................................................. 7

3.1 Redefining the Way Businesses Interact with Potential Consumer by Utilizing

Innovative Block-chain Contracts. Use Integrated Sales/Marketing Tools

4. OPPORTUNITY ........................................................................................................ 10

4.1 Consumers’ Demands for Better Privacy and Data Protections Has

Created a Demand for a Service that Puts Control, Profits, and Privacy

Controls Back into the Hands of Consumers

4.2 History Repeated: Markets that Actively Stifle Innovation are

Subject to Major Disruption through Advancements in Tech

4.3 Utilizing a Decentralized Social Environment, Sphere is Able to

Increase Total Value Spread across the Entire Consumer-Seller Marketplace

5. ABOUT SAT ............................................................................................................. 15

6. SPHERE NETWORK ADVANTAGES .......................................................................... 15

7. ESTABLISHED PRODUCT ........................................................................................ 16

8. STRATEGY ............................................................................................................... 16

9. MARKETPLACE ........................................................................................................ 18

Table of Contents

Page 2 of 25www.sphere.social



10. AD PLATFORM ...................................................................................................... 18

11. TRANSPARENCY ................................................................................................... 19

12. USER GROWTH ................................................................................................... 20

13. MARKETPLACE ANTICIPATION .......................................................................... 21

14. ICO DETAILS ......................................................................................................... 22

15. DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS ................................................................................... 23

16. ROADMAP ............................................................................................................. 24

Page 3 of 25www.sphere.social



1. PURPOSE

Become the largest and most trusted decentralized

social network in the world.

2. PROBLEM

Your social network, your online activity, and even your online presence are a bil-

lion dollar industry curated by the very companies you trust to guard your privacy.

Don’t you think you should be entitled to a portion of the riches made off of your 

data?

We do! And we believe it’s finally time to stand up to

these companies and take back the internet!

These large tech companies have created an image as friendly and gentle corpo-

rations simply wishing to provide a valuable service to people for no other reason 

than altruism. However, every new day a new advancement takes place, a new de-

vice, a new feature.

How could that be possible for companies that don’t charge a dime to use their 

services?

It’s simple: those companies are leveraging your data as a bargaining chip and sell-

ing it off to the highest bidder to fund their operations. And with every click of your 

mouse you continue to put more and more money into their pockets.

Page 4 of 25www.sphere.social



Page 5 of 25www.sphere.social

Why should they profit off of something that was never theirs to begin with?

The truth is they shouldn’t. Sphere has the answer!

Sphere was built on the idea that privacy, company transparency, and data security 

should be the fundamental building blocks of every social platform. So we believe 

that the millions those corporations are making off of your data doesn’t belong to 

them, it belongs to you.

We want to help you take back the control and have a say about your data.

So we’ve created a decentralized social network, separate from those corporations, 

that allows exactly that. You have a say, you get compensated, and above all you 

take back the power with every click and every social connection.

More than simply connecting, truly discover…

Help us break apart their greedy system and disrupt their $500+ billion

dollar industry by joining the digital revolution today!



2.1 The Current Method of Marketing Diminishes

Potential Profits and Misses the Mark

While the advertising industry boasts a rather large value considering the afore-

mentioned facts, an estimated $550 billion by some accounts, the system is in fact 

very much broken. 

 

And there is nowhere the blame for the broken system falls more heavily than the 

main advertisers that propagate the failed method while slowing advancements 

and innovation. Instead, these large companies focus their efforts on ineffective 

processes that have no guarantee of efficacy while still charging businesses large 

sums simply to access the consumers’ data they hoard and hide.

Page 6 of 25www.sphere.social

?

This leads to the death of growth, the stifling of innovation, and 

stands in the way of progress.



3. SOLUTION 

Since its early inception, social media has quickly gone from a simple novelty used 

only to keep friends updated and included on our daily lives to becoming a grow-

ing source of entertainment, news, and community. And as nearly three billion 

people now utilize social media in some shape or form, its impact on life cannot be 

denied. From those nearly billion active users, volumes upon volumes of data are 

generated, saved, and often sold to the highest bidder. Essentially selling people’s 

personalities, secrets, and lives to corporations that utilize that information to 

create targeted ad campaigns. And this happens every moment of every day.

Sphere aims to change that and redefine how

social media interacts within our lives.

Gone is the large collection of centralized servers that are vulnerable to hacking, 

storing troves of sensitive data to be used as companies see fit. In their place, a 

more transparent, honest, and open blockchain format that allows every user to 

hold Sphere accountable for data.

Sphere is built upon the main prin-

ciples of privacy and security as an 

undeniable right, giving each user 

unprecedented protection and se-

curity and allowing you to connect 

with everyone you know safely, 

and most importantly, securely.

More than just a social network

Sphere is so much more than another simple  addition

into the growing line of social media networks

available. It is the beginning of a digital revolution.

Page 7 of 25www.sphere.social



Page 8 of 25www.sphere.social

Aptly named Social Activity Tokens, or SATs for short: this brand new form of cryp-

tocurrency can be used for a wide variety of uses and can even be utilized to fund 

grass roots campaigns and movements, allowing them to reach more people and 

larger audiences. To celebrate the launch and welcome the coming digital revolu-

tion, Sphere is holding an open offering to all those ready to join something spe-

cial and different. This special occasion, only available now, will set the precedent 

for the entire value of the SATs. And once it’s over, no more SAT tokens will ever be 

produced.

So if you are ready to be a part of something special and

ready to take the power back, join us in the digital revolution.

2.1 Redefining the Way Businesses Interact with Potential 

Consumers by Utilizing Innovative Block-chain Contracts

Through the advent of the internet, businesses found a more convenient and direct 

way to target consumers with ad campaigns. However, as we are about to enter the 

fourth decade of utilizing an interconnected system of computers to engage with 

the world at large, the ways in which advertisers reach their targeted audiences 

have not undergone much innovation during those long years.  

 

As soon as email became a popular way to communicate with others, 

we saw the emergence of a new phenomenon: targeted e-mail cam-

paigns to reach and inform potential consumers.

Though even then, unsolicited email campaigns quickly garnered distaste while 

quickly earning a not so endearing title of spam or junk mail. It became quite ap-

parent that consumers treated the unsolicited messages much in the way they 

treated unsolicited advertisements sent via the postal system.



Yet despite public perception of the technique and the low performance of such 

campaigns, many advertisers still utilize the method, charging unrealistic rates for 

such failing procedures.

It has been estimated that nearly half of all “views, clicks,” or other indicators 

of viewed campaigns never even reach a potential consumer. Yet businesses still 

elect to quite frankly waste funds that could be allocated towards more effective 

means of marketing instead of this outdated and unwanted form of advertisement. 

The same facts and performance apply to similar methods of 

advertising taking place off of the internet as well. The un-

fortunate truth is that many businesses are wasting precious 

capital, profits, and funds attempting to reach potential cli-

ents in an inefficient manner.

The inefficiency of these methods strikes much deeper and causes many more 

problems than simply lost profits and wasted efforts. The entire process under-

mines the experience between consumers and businesses.

We see that consumers are less likely to respond to the constant barrage of un-

wanted advertisements while businesses are forced to increase prices to compen-

sate for the loss of profits. Both parties gain nothing from the entire experience 

and businesses only further run the risk of alienating consumers with the higher 

price points needing to recoup the money wasted on advertising.

The only party that has anything to gain from the experience is 

the advertisers themselves who charge companies exorbitant 

amounts for the privilege of possibly reaching consumers.

In direct response to this ever-expanding problem, Sphere has set out to reduce 

the need for such intermediaries while increasing companies’ ability to directly 

reach their desired target audience. 

Page 9 of 25www.sphere.social



4. OPPORTUNITY

Consumers’ demand for better privacy and data protection has created a de-

mand for a service that puts control, profit, and privacy back into the hands of 

the consumers. We are poised for yet another great disruption in marketing 

and advertising. The old and increasingly ineffective method of advertising will 

come to an end. The old way will be replaced by the next waves of innovation. 

At the forefront of the wave, Sphere has positioned itself ready to disrupt the old 

process. We will create more transparent and open methods for conducting busi-

ness in today’s global market. Sphere’s innovative technology creates a scalable, 

anonymous, and secure social network utilizing large amounts of data while still 

ensuring privacy.

Page 10 of 25www.sphere.social

Utilizing Sphere’s innovative method of allowing businesses to target consumers 

directly, both sides stand to gain. On the consumers’ side, we see an increase in 

privacy as their browsing habits are no longer sold to the highest bidder for the 

potential to earn profits for the very same browsing data. Companies benefit from 

truly knowing that their marketing campaigns are reaching their desired audience 

more effectively, cutting down on the cost  of marketing.

https://sphere.social/#download


Page 11 of 25www.sphere.social

4.1 Consumers’ Demand for Better Privacy and Data Pro-

tection Has Created a Demand for a Service that Puts Con-

trol, Profits, and Privacy Controls Back Into the Hands of 

Consumers

This increase in demand for a more secure and private internet has fueled not only 

consumer reactions towards services that do not respect privacy but has also be-

come the driving force for legislation and policy making across the world regard-

ing consumer data. 

 

The EU itself has passed a policy that aims to control the rampant misuse of con-

sumer data, forcing companies to move forward with consumer data protection 

built into their business models.

 

Though the value of privacy is highly regarded, the actionable value of consumer 

data has not been ignored; it simply needs a better way of being transferred be-

tween agreeing parties. This is where a block-chain distribution method comes 

directly into play as it allows for the transfer of this vital, and valuable, data while 

still protecting the users’ privacy.

 

The growing demand and emerging policies regarding consumer privacy have be-

gun to push the need for a large scale transfer method that still respects the rights 

of consumers. 



Page 12 of 25www.sphere.social

4.2 History Repeated: Markets that Actively Stifle

Innovation are Subject to Major Disruption Through

Advancements in Tech

There is no way to discount how closely linked marketing and business have 

been since people first began trading goods and services.

 

And as advancements in technology have continued to push the effectiveness of 

marketing throughout the years, there has been a continuous process of innova-

tion of new methods and the death of dated processes. Whether it was the advent 

of the Yellow Pages, the creation of large scale social networks on the internet, 

or today’s modern landing pages, the process of death and replacement has re-

mained constant.

 

We sit poised on the cusp of yet another great disruption with-

in marketing as the old and increasingly ineffective method of 

advertising comes to an end, about to be replaced by the next 

wave of innovation.

 

For as much innovation and progress as we have witnessed through the advent 

of social media and more effective search engine algorithms, the very core of the 

principles applied remain dated.

 

But as history has shown time and time again, that dated mod-

el is about to be replaced by a more efficient and effective 

model, that model being the new and innovative block-chain 

distribution method.



Page 13 of 25www.sphere.social

At the forefront of the wave, Sphere has positioned itself ready to disrupt the 

old process by introducing a new way to ensure mutually beneficial marketing to 

all parties located throughout the entire consumer-buyer chain. In the process, 

Sphere will create a more transparent and open method for conducting business 

in today’s global market.

Positioned at the precipice of this change, Sphere’s innovative tech creates a 

scalable, anonymous, and secure social network engine utilizing large amounts of 

gathered data while still ensuring privacy.

4.3 Utilizing a Decentralized Social Environment, Sphere is 

Able to Increase Total Value Spread Across the Entire Con-

sumer-Seller Marketplace…

No longer are there vanguards standing in the way of innovation, charging fees for 

access to data they misappropriate from consumers, a practice that not only is dat-

ed but stifles the growth of smaller companies who are unable to afford the often 

unnecessarily high costs of reaching consumers.

Instead, Sphere creates a common environment in which 

businesses, both big and small, can directly reach their 

targeted access while ensuring funds are not wasted in the 

process. IN this common marketplace, the value of data is 

not determined simply by views or clicks as it is now, but 

instead by the actionable effect it has on conversions.

 

The value of the innovative environment does not simply only extend to busi-

nesses; it also reaches consumers who are able to leverage the value of their 

data for lower prices and other monetary gains without having to sacrifice 

their right to privacy.



Page 14 of 25www.sphere.social

WHAT CAN I DO WITH SAT?

      In-system tokens to be used by consumers

In addition to the benefits laid out in this paper, Sphere is introducing an

innovative incentive program for consumers using tokens. These Social Activity

Tokens are used throughout the system in order to facilitate transactions

within the social network

      Put the power back into your hands

SAT tokens are crafted in such a way that the entire process is secure yet

transparent. This process leads to a greater sense of trust within the system

Social Activity Token (SAT)

TOKEN SAT



5. ABOUT SAT

SAT is a digital currency designed to be used within Sphere – a new, private, and 

secure social media platform that offers an integrated, decentralized market, com-

plete with its own advertising platform.

6. SPHERE NETWORK ADVANTAGES 

We have a strategic plan that puts our users and token holders first.

We have a segregated cloud server environment that is safeguarded using 

cutting edge security systems.

We will offer a superior user experience and superior customer support for the

users in our ecosystem. Our team designs the system for scalability.

We offer anonymous transactions globally. Because we do not transact with

banking institutions, we do not require ID verification. Everything is done us-

ing digital currency.

We have an experienced and capable team that can manage complex tech-

nologies and business challenges.

Page 15 of 25www.sphere.social



7. ESTABLISHED PRODUCT

The Sphere Social Network incorporates modern technologies that secure the 

most popular features used in today’s social networks.

We have an experienced team and a product that is already built. Our team has 

many years of experience designing systems that are secure and capable of man-

aging high volumes.

The Sphere platform can currently be found on the internet, as well as on the 

Google Play Store and iOS App Store.

8. STRATEGY 

Through the invention of the internet, businesses found a more

convenient way of targeting consumers with ad campaigns.

As we are about to enter the fourth decade of using computer networks, the ways 

in which advertisers reach their targeted audiences have not undergone much in-

novation.

Despite the poor results, many advertisers still use the old 

methods to advertise their products. Businesses still elect 

to waste funds that could be allocated towards more

effective marketing.

Page 16 of 25www.sphere.social



The unfortunate truth is that many businesses are wasting precious funds to reach 

potential clients. The entire process undermines the experience between consum-

ers and businesses.

We see consumers who are less likely to respond to the constant barrage of unwanted

advertisement. Both parties gain nothing from the entire experience.

In direct response to this ever expanding problem, Sphere has set out to reduce 

the need for such intermediaries while increasing companies’ ability to directly 

reach their desired target audience. 

Using Sphere’s innovative decentralized social network allows businesses to tar-

get consumers directly, and both sides stand to gain. On the consumers’ side, we 

see an increase in privacy as their browsing habits are no longer sold to the high-

est bidder. Companies benefit from knowing that their marketing campaigns reach 

their desired audience more effectively, cutting down on marketing costs

Companies benefit from knowing that their marketing campaigns reach their 

desired audience more effectively, cutting down on marketing costs.

Page 17 of 25www.sphere.social



9. MARKETPLACE

The Sphere social platform contains important e-commerce features. The market-

place will allow users to create products which followers and friends can see and 

purchase using their SAT.

For example:

Say you want to sell your phone; all you need to do is take photos of the 

phone, and list it with a title, a description, and an asking price. Location is

optional. You can control access to the ad by listing it as either public. 

Any user who wants to buy your phone can click the purchase button. When

a transaction occurs, SAT tokens are sent from that buyer’s wallet to your

wallet – with no delays or complications.

10. AD PLATFORM 

Sphere has plans for creating a fully functional advertising portal. The advertising 

portal will allow users to create ad pieces that will be displayed in the Sphere news 

feed.

Advertising space will be paid for using SAT

tokens. There will be per-click and per-

impression options, with costs deducted 

automatically from the advertisers’ web

wallets.

Page 18 of 25www.sphere.social



11. TRANSPARENCY 

Sphere will safeguard user privacy and avoid the misuse of community data. When 

there is a need for additional development, everything will first be presented to 

the community.

Sphere’s goal is to be the social platform where data is owned by the 

users. The community drives the network

Picture this: a decentralized social media platform that stores multimedia and other 

data on a secured blockchain rather than on traditional servers.

Page 19 of 25www.sphere.social



12. User Growth

Page 20 of 25www.sphere.social

Sphere Social’s plan is to allow our users to sell their data on their own terms, as much or as 

little as they wish.  We intend to make use of this system in our growth strategy; we expect to 

be able to achieve rapid growth by incentivizing users to submit their data.  We will work to 

spur further growth with a referral program to encourage existing users to invite their friends.

Instead of aggregating data unanimously and indiscriminately, the opt-in data sharing sys-

tem will allow both users and advertisers a more accurate and pleasant means of communi-

cating market demographics, product placement, the issuance of goods and services, and etc. 

For example, a user wishes to opt in to monetize their data in order to identify bet-

ter crypto deals – the users who are selling crypto would have to buy the informa-

tion the first user provides if they want to sell to that user’s specific demographic.

Everyone who opts in to the system would then have incentive to share their data – be-

cause they would not only be paid for their information – but will be offered (provided 

there is a supply in the market) whatever goods and services the advertisers are providing.

The chart above uses data estimates that are extrapolated based on our live data collected from the 22nd October 2017 to 30th January 2018.



Page 21 of 25www.sphere.social

Pessimistic Outlook:

We get less than 20k users in a single quarter, totaling 80k more users by the end of 2018.

Average Outlook:

We continue getting 40k users per quarter, totaling 160k users by the end of 2018.

Optimistic Outlook:

We gain at least 100k users per quarter, totaling 400k users by the end of 2018.

 

13. Marketplace Anticipation

We have observed many of our users testing out the shops- creating, customizing, submitting, 

and deleting them.  These are all positive signs of a future active marketplace.  

Based on data gathered from 22 October 2017 to 30 January 2018 - we have over 45 thousand 

users on the Sphere Social app.  This is the amount of activity on the app up to that time:

Number of Users = 45,027

Number Blogs = 1273

Number of Photos = 27,326

Number of Videos = 606

Number of Discussion Topics = 250

Number of Groups = 384

Number of Events = 21

Number of Currently Submitted Stores = 70.



14. ICO DETAILS

Page 22 of 25www.sphere.social

SAT Crowdsale

Name of token: Social Activity Token

Symbol: SAT

Token Standard: ERC20 Standard

Decimals: 8

Role of Token: Utility Token. Use for purchase goods and services on social media platform

Total supply: 1,000,000,000 SAT

Available token for sale: 650,000,000 (65% of supply)

Emission:  All unsold and unallocated tokens will be destroyed, and additional release of 

tokens will not be possible

Period of Sale: 12 February 2018 UTC 21:00 to 9 April 2018 UTC 21:00

Cost of 1 SAT: $0.14

Softcap/Minimum Goal: $1.5 million – softcap goal reached

Hardcap/Maximum Goal: $40 million

Accepted currencies: Ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin, Fiat



15. DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS

Page 23 of 25www.sphere.social

Token Distribution Overview

A total of 65% of available tokens will be made accessible to buyers through the ICO. 

We’ve reserved 1% of all tokens for our team and advisory staff. Another 17% will be re-

served for the social network development.  9% will be reserved for the company.

Budget Allocation Overview

The budget outlined below presumes a scenario where our minimum cap of $1.5 mil-

lion has been reached. Additional funds raised after the minimum cap will be used to 

add additional features to the application, API development, research, marketing and 

overall growth of the platform.  Funds raised from the ICO will be distributed as follows:

Application Development: 60%

Marketing & Promotion: 15%

Company: 15%

Legal: 5%

Security: 5%



16. ROADMAP

Page 24 of 25www.sphere.social



About Sphere

Sphere is the new generation of social
network.

We are creating a decentralized social net-
work, separate from those corporations.  You 
have a say, you get compensated, and above 
all you take back the power with every click 
and every social connection.

SPHERE SOCIAL LTD
Limited company incorporated
in United Kingdom

Join our upcoming ICO

Be part of Sphere’s historic Initial Coin
Offering by being the first in the world to hold 
Social Activity Tokens.

Registered office:
Kemp House, 160 City Road
London, United Kingdom, EC1V 2NX

Presale and ICO Terms & Conditions

Referral Program Terms and Conditions

https://sphere.social/Sphere Terms and Conditions.pdf
https://sphere.social/sphere-bounty-program-terms-and-conditions/

