



































Microsoft Word - 


 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 1 of 
1 

   
 

Formatted ... [1]

Deleted: JNCNJQ ... [2]

Formatted ... [3]
Formatted ... [4]
Formatted ... [5]
Formatted ... [6]
Formatted ... [7]
Formatted ... [8]
Formatted ... [9]
Formatted ... [10]
Formatted ... [11]
Formatted ... [12]
Formatted ... [13]
Formatted ... [14]
Formatted ... [15]
Formatted ... [16]
Formatted ... [17]
Formatted ... [18]
Formatted ... [19]
Formatted ... [20]
Formatted ... [21]
Formatted ... [22]
Formatted ... [23]
Formatted ... [24]
Formatted ... [25]
Formatted ... [26]
Formatted ... [27]
Formatted ... [28]
Formatted ... [29]
Formatted ... [30]
Formatted ... [31]
Formatted ... [32]
Formatted ... [33]
Formatted ... [34]
Formatted ... [35]
Formatted ... [36]
Formatted ... [37]
Formatted ... [38]
Formatted ... [39]
Formatted ... [40]
Formatted ... [41]
Formatted ... [42]
Formatted ... [43]
Formatted ... [44]
Formatted ... [45]
Formatted ... [46]
Formatted ... [47]
Formatted ... [48]
Formatted ... [49]
Formatted ... [50]
Formatted ... [51]
Formatted ... [52]
Formatted ... [53]
Formatted ... [54]
Formatted ... [55]
Formatted ... [56]
Formatted ... [57]
Formatted ... [58]
Formatted ... [59]
Formatted ... [60]
Formatted ... [61]



 

 

Page 1: [1] Formatted Anonymous 10/26/17 12:14:00 AM 

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 21 pt, Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [2] Deleted Саша Чернецов 8/7/17 8:50:00 PM 

JNCNJQ 
 

THIS IS STUPIDfffff 
 lklll  

  

   

 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 2 of 
2 

Starbaseот Whitepaper 
 

~ Towards a future of easy innovation  
via Blockchain crowdfunding and token payment 

 ~ 
SSSSSjcvbn 

 
Written by: Tomoaki Sato 

Contributors: Ernane Luis     
  

Modified  2017/06/07 
Version 0.7.1 

 

 

 
 

 

 

Table of contents 
 Definition of words 
 Starbase mission 
 Background - Internet of Value) 
 Background -Token based crowdfunding solution  
 Background - Merits for crds 
 Starbase mission 
 ore teams  
 Background - Merits for supporters 
 Background - From IPO to IPO & ICO age 
 Starbase overview 
 Starbase innovative feature 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 3 of 
3 

 Token issuance phase support 
 Reward planning support 
 Early purchaser system 
 Token sales phase 
 Starbase rating & due diligence 
 Starbase rating system 
 Starbase due diligence process 
 Token sale interface 
 After token listed on exchange (ICO) phase 
 Milestone payments & ICO for core teams  
 STAR reward execution  
 STAR Account  
 STAR Protection - Escrow  
 STAR Protection - Put option 
 Starbase revenue projection 
 Team  
 Advisors  
 Incubator partners 
 Rating partners 
 Target user segments 
 STAR Token sale  
 STAR Consumption  
 STAR inflation  
 STAR reward for STAR holders  
 STAR lockup mechanism - For Starbase company  
 STAR lockup mechanism - For Founders and early contributors 
 STAR Liquidity 
 STAR as ERC 20 type token 
 STAR Bounty campaign 
 STAR crowdsale bonus schedule  
 Starbase funded value usage 
 Starbase as HR technology  
 Starbase in the permissionless blockchain economy 
 Merits to use the Ethereum blockchain  
 Starbase development plan and budget 
 Risk  
 Vision again 

 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 4 of 
4 

 

Definition of words  
 
Starbase: 
The platform name; Starbase is both an open and closed source project. Starbase.Inc will do technical 
consulting by providing a crowdfunding/sourcing platform which enables you to issue conditional 
tokens from templates. 
 
Starbase Token: 
The token which is issued by the Starbase team, and which has consumable, rewardable, inflationary 
features. 
 
 
STAR:  
Currency symbol of Starbase token.  Starbase token detail is described in the following section. 
 
Token: 
Token is a frequently used term in the blockchain industry for data which has some value. We will 
use ERC20 type tokens, which are the most widely adopted type of tokens on the Ethereum 
blockchain. 
 
Core team: 
People who are going to provide or who are currently providing some service or product. 
 
Possible core teams are listed below: 
 Global and innovative non-blockchain based projects 

Such as bio-technology ventures in France, an encrypted chat application platform in Russia, 
Fintech company in Israel, and those who need rapid, global growth with a lot of supporters. 

 
 Startups, New business planners in big companies 

A lot of companies and projects which don’t know anything about the blockchain technology 
can join the Starbase platform as a decentralized fundraising or human resource management 
solution. 
Decentralized crowdfunding and human resource management provide a cheap, fast, and global 
way to communicate with your team member and expand your team around the world. 

 
 Artists/Athletes/Talents 

Hidden talents can use the crypto crowdfunding system. They can issue the tokens and sell them. 
After they become famous or acquire revenue, they can automatically return to the service by 
attaching some rights to the token. For example a talent can sell his own token which has 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 5 of 
5 

consumable features and token holders can receive 1 hour of service from the talent by 
consuming the token. 

 
 Event organizer  

Event tickets can also be represented by tokens, and sold online. For example, if you have 1 
event token, you can join the event and you will receive part of the event’s revenue. 

 
Supporter: 
Supporters are those who want to support projects by purchasing core team’s tokens or by working 
on core team’s projects. 
 
Possible Supporters are below: 
 
 Blockchain engineers, designers 

Ethereum, Augur, SingularDTV, DigixDAO, GEMZ, Factom, and many other token based 
projects are developed by blockchain savvy engineers and designers. They understand the 
potential of a project since the development phase and can support the Core team’s project by 
sharing the long-term incentive with the issued token. 
 

 Non-blockchain Engineers, designers 
Even non-blockchain engineers and designers can cooperate in promising blockchain projects 
and if they believe in the potential, they will end up supporting core teams’ projects by using the 
issued tokens. 

 
 Blockchain Marketers 

Some famous blockchain marketers, and blockchain-knowledged marketers know how-to 
marketize your tokens. They will cooperate in the core team’s project by accepting payment in 
the issued tokens. 

 
 Non-blockchain marketers 

Even marketers without blockchain knowledge can join the movement and support the core 
team’s project should they want to. They will be paid in issued tokens.  

 
 Blockchain legal specialists 

This is fairly difficult part to conduct, but there are some blockchain-specialized lawyers and 
accountants in the world. They know how the legal framework operates, and can help 
tremendously the core team’s project. They can also be paid in issued tokens. 

 
 Non-blockchain legal specialists 

It may take some time for non engineers, and non blockchain users to understand the blockchain 
ecosystem, but legal specialists will understand the potential and possibly support your project 
by accepting the issued tokens. 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 6 of 
6 

 
Milestone:  
The Milestone is a term that is often used for crowdsourcing or engineering payment systems. 
 
Milestone payments are requested by supporters and set by core teams to guarantee that the work 
payments will be paid after completing a certain milestone. 
 
Work:  
Starbase is a token based crowdsourcing platform. Core teams can post works and supporters can do 
them for a payment in  Bitcoin, Ether, or their issued tokens. Generally this kind of job is not long 
term, but in duration of 1 week to 6 months.  
For example, software development, translation, logo design, web/mobile design, movie making, 
online consulting, financial advice, legal advice can be posted to Starbase with the relevant payment 
information. Each job should have milestones and for each reached milestone a payment can be sent 
in the issued tokens and Bitcoin, Ethereum. 
 
Crowdsale: 
Crowdsale is used to refer to the sale of tokens on “Internet of Value” by using a permissionless 
blockchain. It’s global and transparent process, which cannot be modified neither by the token issuer 
or the Starbase admin. 
 
Early Purchaser: 
Before the public crowdsale, core teams often need to do marketing and demo product development 
in order to prove their capability and get attention. In that case, early purchase system can help core 
teams by selling their tokens. 
 
Token sale:  
Token sale is the generic name of early purchase + crowdsale. 
 
ICO:  
In blockchain world, there are a lot of definitions for the term ICO, but by our definition, ICO is the 
time when the issued tokens become transferrable. By using Starbase templates, just after the 
crowdsale phase, issued tokens are non-transferable. After the core team releases the service or 
product, then the token will become transferrable, and it can be traded on global crypto currency 
exchanges. This is what we call “ICO”.Early Purchaser: 
Before the public crowdsale, core teams often need to do marketing and demo product development 
in order to prove their capability and get attention. In that case, early purchase system can help core 
teams by selling their tokens. 
 
 
 
Smart contract: 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 7 of 
7 

Written programs which can be run on the blockchain.  

Starbase’s Mission  
 
Starbase’s mission is to make it easy for everyone to start or support projects which aim to create 
new services and products.  
 
Starbase provides a crowdfunding and crowdsourcing/recruiting platform which gives long term 
incentive sharing mechanism on the “Internet of Value”. 
 
The current incentive-shared team making solution for new project initiators is based on traditional, 
local and slow stock based system. Therefore, it’s difficult for core teams to recruit savvy members 
without a fair amount of initial capital. Even when core teams want to share the stock or options as 
compensation, they can not share long-term-incentive with project members swiftly, globally nor at a 
low-cost. 
 
Current fundraising solutions for new products/services are not globally oriented and are usually 
slow. Additionally, some people can not accept payments because they are unable to open bank 
accounts or are unable to make a promise as a public record. 
We would like to create an ecosystem where everyone in the world can easily participate by using a 
decentralized infrastructure, Ethereum. 
 
 

Background:  
Global projects, the “Internet of Value”.  

 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 8 of 
8 

Source:http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-08-25/this-is-your-company-on-blockchain 
 
Currently in the blockchain world a lot of projects are starting from crowd sales, or by creating new 
cryptocurrencSE XESEXies to finance new projects.  
 
New projects in the blockchain world are mostly based on global individuals. Financial incentives 
and human resources are moving around between individuals quickly and globally with cheap 
transaction fees. 
 
In the case of Ethereum, roughly 500k people are holding Ether tokens, and they are sharing the 
intense interest and incentive of the project. 
 
 
. 
 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 9 of 
9 

Background:  
Token Based Crowdfunding Solution   

~ Crowdfunding market growth ~  
The crowdfunding market is rapidly growing, and it doubles in size year by year.

 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 10 
of 10 

 

 
 

Background:  
~ Merits for core teams  ~ 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 11 
of 11 

 
By using ICO system, core teams can make recruiting and fundraising more efficient, global, fast, 
and cheap-cost transactions. 
 
 

Background: 
~ Merits for supporters  ~ 

 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 12 
of 12 

 

Starbase Solution 

~ From IPO To IPO & ICO Age ~

 
 
The above is a visualization of the traditional IPO timeline. It will take about 5 years for a 
shareholder to sell stocks, before which it is almost impossible to sell unlisted stocks to someone.  
 
In most cases venture capitals or angels have to take a high financial risk for supporting it. A similar 
risk is present with the founders and co-workers which work in startups. 
 
However, currently many new projects are doing ICOs, and can sell their tokens in addition to 
quickly gain many new team members around the globe.  
 
Thanks to the decentralized value network, permissionless blockchain, somewhere between 1 month 
and 2 years after the crowdsale, the core teams’ tokens can be traded on public crypto currency 
exchanges, and get some returns.. 
 
By adapting this mechanism, supporters can take engage in low risk support of new startups and 
ventures. e to this, new startups and ventures can have more supporters globally, and may be able to 
easily fundraise a bigger amount quickly. 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 13 
of 13 

 

 

Starbase Overview 
 
By using Starbase, core teams, such as startup founders, new business project leaders, artists et. al, 
will be able to issue ERC 20 type tokens on the blockchain in a simple way. Starbase will firstly 
focus on the Ethereum blockchain and the standard type of tokens, ERC20 tokens. 
 
Starbase team believes there will be thousands of tokens in the world to create new innovations, 
currently there are 600+ tokens and $20B+ market cap, and Starbase would like to support token 
issuance, sale & payment, especially for crowdsourcing. 
 

 
Figure: Starbase overview 

 
 Starbase provides a technical infrastructure for core teams to issue tokens or to give tokens as 

work payments or as a long-term incentive. 
 Starbase provides a technical infrastructure for core teams to issue tokens in order to raise 

funds. 
 Starbase provides a technical infrastructure for supporters to purchase tokens in order to 

support the fundraisers of core teams. 
 Starbase provides a technical infrastructure for supporters to work for the core team's project 

and receive tokens as long term incentive. Token holders are motivated to raise the value of said 
tokens.  

 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 14 
of 14 

Starbase Innovative Features  
which contributes public blockchain economy 

 
 
Starbase provides token based crowdfunding and crowdsourcing for non-blockchain people. In order 
to achieve the purpose, we provide these features. 

 STAR Account  
 STAR Reward  
 STAR Protection  

 
And we believe these features makes more non-blockchain people can use blockchain token based 
system, and increase blockchain system utility. 
Starbase starts from Ethereum blockchain to implement these functionalities. 
 

 
     From Massolution Crowdfunding Industry 2015 Report 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 15 
of 15 

 ~ Starbase as a Crowdfunding Platform ~  

 
 

~ Starbase as funding platform using blockchain    ~  

 
 

Figure: A comparison between Starbase with other crowdfunding platform.  Starbase provides not only a global, fast, and simple fundraising solution at the crowdfunding, but also supports the preparation for a “crowdsale” by introducing “early purchasers”.  The Core team can pay their issued tokens for some jobs or commitments before making the tokens transferrable in exchanges around the world.   



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 16 
of 16 

The core teams can also make it easy for supporters to accept issued tokens payment from core teams by calculating and visualizing the value of tokens issued.     
 

 Starbase Platform Timeline For Core teams 
 

 
 Figure: Core team flow who would like to use Starbase 

 
Innovative projects who would like to use Starbase will follow the part of this timeline, such as using 
Starbase only for token issuance, only for token sales, or  
only for reward payments. 
 

 Token Issuance Phase 
 

Starbase Consumable/Rewardable/inflationary  
Token Issuance Templates 

 
Starbase supports core team’s token issuance via the Starbase smart contract templates. 
The contract templates have 3 basic types of properties; they are: 
 

 Consumable. (Utility value) 
 Rewardable. 
 Inflationary. 

 
 Consumable means that the tokens can be used for the service/product. Existing models of 

consumable tokens are Factoid, Ether, etc. By implementing the consumable property, core 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 17 
of 17 

teams can offer discount for the token holders. Afterwards, the core teams’ token holder can 
expect to use the core team’s service cheaper than users after launch. It has resemblance to 
Kickstarter. 
 

 Rewardable means that the token holders can receive rewards from the core teams. Reward is 
paid by core teams from the launched project revenue by the form of Ether and Tokens on 
the Ethereum blockchain. Therefore, token holder can expect the reward from the core teams, 
and get good returns from the purchase if everything is going well.  

 
 Inflationary means that the core teams can issue more tokens after the first crowdsale has 

finished. Core teams can pay newly issued tokens for their platform contributor or sell it to 
the public for future financing. 
 

 
Core team can combine these 3 properties with the property value, and make smart contract for the 
core team’s token. 
 
We will review them, and if everything is in order, then the Starbase system allows the core team to 
issue token. Then they can start the campaign. 

 
 

 
 

 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 18 
of 18 

Figure 1. Consumable token issuance.

 
 
 

Figure 2. Rewardable token issuance

 
 

Figure 3. Inflationary token issuance. 
 
 

Core teams which use Starbase platform can compose these token properties and issue new tokens on 
the Ethereum platform. 
For example: 1) A non-consumable, rewardable, non-inflationary token. 2) A consumable, 
rewardable, non-inflationary token. 3) A consumable, non-rewardable, inflationary token etc. 
 

STAR Reward (Planning) 
~ Reward system for projects’ Token Holders ~   

 
Starbase implements 2 ways of rewarding functionalities for innovative projects including 
those who don’t know or use blockchain technology. 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 19 
of 19 

 
 STAR Reward - Deposit & Withdraw way 
 STAR Reward - Buyback projects’ token way 

 
And these reward feature is fairly Starbase core feature to make more global innovation 
grow with many stakeholders and supporters. 
 
1- Deposit & Withdraw way 
 
The STAR Reward system is on the Ethereum blockchain for STAR tokens, and the core 
teams will be able to use the Ethereum blockchain for their platform launch as well. For 
core teams’ token holders to receive rewards from the core teams, they need to know the 
private keys of their addresses, or the wallet provider should correspond with the reward 
payment. 
If  you deposit a core team’s token on some crypto currency exchange, and the crypto 
currency exchange doesn’t treat the core team’s token reward payment, you will lose the 
rewards. 
 
In order to prevent the loss of reward payments, the Starbase reward system is required. 
The Starbase reward system is designed with simplicity in mind. If you would like to 
receive a core team’s reward, you need to claim that reward yourself by using 
MyEtherWallet or MistWallet, or send the tokens to Starbase and click the “Claim 
rewards” button. 
 
Afterwards you will receive rewards from the core teams. This Starbase reward system 
also applies to the STAR token. Therefore, for the STAR token holders to receive rewards 
from Starbase, they need to send STAR tokens to Starbase web application and click 
“Claim STAR token rewards” or use MyEtherWallet, Mist wallet, Metamask, or the 
command line.  
 
This reward mechanism is not only used for STAR token described below, but also for 
other core teams’ tokens who will use Starbase platform.  
 
2- Buyback projects’ tokens way 
The STAR Reward system for Buyback is based on trust of the project owner, because 
currently we don’t have decentralized exchange which has verifiable functionality of 
buying the project’s token. 
 
Starbase is not crypto currency exchange, and don’t develop it. With exchange partners, 
we will implement verifiable buyback feature. Then core teams can buyback their tokens 
and can reward their token holders. 
 
Until then, Starbase implements to interface to submit their claim of “They bought x 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 20 
of 20 

amount of their token” onto Ethereum blockchain, and also users of Starbase which has 
their tokens can know the buyback reward. 
 

Early Purchase System 
 
The Starbase platform provides an early purchaser system for core teams which issue 
tokens. This is fairly useful for getting the first budget for marketing and development 
prior to the crowdsale. 
 
Until the crowdsale finished, the core teams can not make changes to the bonuses of 
crowdsale purchasers. Therefore, the Starbase early purchaser token assignment 
mechanism provides decides the percentage of total tokens which are assigned to early 
purchasers as a “bonus” 
 
This early purchaser mechanism creates a big difference between token sale and 
traditional crowdfunding/lending platforms. This makes core teams aim to gather early 
angels and team members rapidly, globally, and swiftly for a “rocket start”. 
 
Here's the early purchase flow  

 Early purchaser deposit Bitcoin, Ether to the core team’s early purchase address 
which is generated for each user’s unique ID. (i.e. email address) 

 Deposited Bitcoin, Ether is automatically forwarded to early purchaser address 
managed by the core team, not managed by Starbase.   

 Bitcoin and Ether are converted to some other currency, then the early purchase 
will be written on the contract.  

 When crowdsale starts, crowdsale contract reads the early purchase contract’s 
information, then the early purchases will be reflected for the token balances. 

 
 
The Starbase Token will also use the early purchase system. 
 
Details of the calculations are below. 
After the crowdsale has finished, an early purchaser will receive:  
{earlypurchaser_token_amount} = {earlypurchaser_token_amount} * 
{earlypurchase_value}/{total_earlypurchase_value} + {crowdsale_token_amount} 
*{earlypurchase_value}/ {earlypurchase_value} + {crowdsale_value} 
 
After the crowdsale has finished, a crowdsale purchaser will receive,  
{crowdsale_purchaser_token_amount} = {crowdsale_token_amount} 
*{crowdsalePurchase_value}/ {earlypurchase_value} + {crowdsale_value} 
 
Starbase will also introduce an early purchase system for the STAR token sale. 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 21 
of 21 

STAR Early purchase will be immediately finished when it reaches to 6 Million CNY. 
The crowdsale token amount is 125,000,000 and early purchase bonus is 50,000,000. 
 
If a crowdsale has “bonus” mechanism, early purchasers of the crowdsale generally have 
the best rate of the bonus.  
 
Definition:  
Counter currency = Currency to use for the calculation purpose  
earlypurchaser_token_amount = Total amount of token for all early purchasers  
earlypurchase_value =  The amount of the counter currency the early purchaser paid 
total_earlypurchase_value = Total amount of the counter currency early purchasers paid in 
total 
crowdsale_token_amount = Total amount of token for all crowdsale purchasers 
crowdsale_value = The amount of the counter currency the crowdsale purchase paid 
 
 
 

 Token Sales Phase 

Starbase Rating & Due Diligence overview. 
 
The Starbase team will check the core team’s business and member profile, and the 
technical detail. Here’s the visual presentation: 
http://www.slideshare.net/StarbaseGlobal/starbase-rating-due-diligence-flow-71018567 
 
 

Starbase rating system 
  All core teams which are formally checked by the Starbase platform will be rated by 
Starbase’s rating partner or the  Starbase company. Different rating partners’ ratings are 
shown as unique rating. 
 
If a core team’s rating is low, then supporters will receive a notification when they want to 
support said core team such as “This core team project doesn’t have good rating”. 
 
Rating is important to select core teams for early purchase phase. The Starbase platform 
will try to have multiple rating partners and make it very informative for any supporter 
who takes a risk by supporting them.  
  



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 22 
of 22 

The rating fees for rating partners are paid by the Starbase company revenue. The Starbase 
company will contribute to the Starbase platform in order to improve the rating system 
and provide good project suggestions for users.  
 

Starbase due diligence process 
 
  All core teams who which are formally checked and rated by Starbase can submit a 
“Crowdsale request”. In order for the request to be approved, core teams will be due 
diligenced by the Starbase incubator partners or the Starbase company.  
 
After said process is over, it’s either shown as “Approved by {due_diligence_partner} / 
Approved by Starbase company”. or it’s shown as “Rejected by  {due_diligence_partner} 
/ Rejected by Starbase company”. 
 
Until the due diligence process has not been passed the core team can not start crowdsale.  
 
And if the voting points for each elements are low, then they can not start due diligence 
process with Starbase due diligence partner. 
 
The fees for due diligence partners are paid by the Starbase company revenue. The 
Starbase company will contribute to the Starbase platform to improve the due diligence 
system and deliver good and innovative projects for supporters who are passionate about 
supporting such projects by investing or working in them. 
 

Token sale interface 
 Starbase provides crowdfunding page for startups. Then Starbase supporters can know the 
crowdfunding and easily pay Bitcoin or Ethereum easily. 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 23 
of 23 

 
 
 

3.  After ICO(Token Listed) Phase 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 24 
of 24 

Milestone Payments & ICO for core teams  
  

 Milestone payment flow 
 
All core teams who use Starbase platform won’t get money instantly after they sold tokens 
to the public. The raised money is escrowed by Starbase, a 3rd party team, and the core 
team. 
 
The Core team should send a “Release milestone” request to Starbase and 3rd party team, 
and if the set milestone is actually fulfilled, then the core team can receive a part of the 
payment.   
 
 We define “ICO” as “Change the status of a issued token to transferable from non 
transferable”. In order for core teams to do a ICO, they are recommended to be reviewed by 
3rd party and prove that they created the service/product that they promised. We will support 
the mechanism with a 3rd party partner. 
 

STAR Reward (Execution) 
~ Reward system for token holders ~   

 
As mentioned at STAR Reward (Planning) section, Starbase platform will provide 
implements 2 ways of rewarding functionalities for innovative projects including those 
who don’t know or use blockchain technology. 
 

 STAR Reward - Deposit & Withdraw way 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 25 
of 25 

 STAR Reward - Buyback projects’ token way 
 
Any core teams can use these reward mechanism for rewarding their token holders.  
 
1. Deposit & Withdraw way  

 
Core teams or smart contracts of core teams need to deposit their Ether or ERC 20 tokens 
to STAR Reward contract and then the project’s tokens holders can withdraw Ether or 
tokens from the contract. 
 
In order to deposit, core teams input Ether amount and the memo of the information, and 
can deposit  
 
Then token holders can withdraw the deposited reward without blockchain detailed 
knowledge. And the user interface will be like below. 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 26 
of 26 

 
 

By clicking “Get Reward” then tokens of the users will be locked up at the contract until the 
reward time of the token (such as once in a quarter), and then users can get the reward to the 
user’s Ethereum address. 
 
The rewarding mechanism has some locking mechanism in order to increase STAR and ERC 
20 tokens liquidity.  
 
Every transferable token should have same conditions, if a transferable token has reward, 
and another token doesn’t have reward, it’ll have exchange problem. For example, Ethereum 
Classic replay attacks on exchanges. 
 
And most of exchanges don’t like the conditional transferable tokens, so every transferable 
token should have same conditions. 
 
So STAR reward mechanism solves the problem by putting all rewards to not-transferable 
tokens. Only locked tokens holders can receive rewards, and all rewards are accumulated 
only to locked tokens.  
 
Here’s the diagram for describing mechanism. 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 27 
of 27 

 

 
 
Alice will receive rewards when she locks tokens, and can withdraw the accumulated 
rewards in a certain time window. 

 
 
Bob will receive rewards when he locks tokens, and can withdraw the accumulated rewards 
in a certain time window. He can not receive Reward A, because he didn’t lock his token at 
the time of Reward A. 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 28 
of 28 

 
 
Chris will receive rewards when he locks tokens, and successively when he calls function of 
withdrawReward. 
 
 

 
Dave will receive rewards successively when he locks the token, but after he unlock, he can 
not receive rewards from there. 
 
2. Buyback way  
In order to reward core team’s token holders, core teams can buyback their own tokens 
from exchanges.  
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 29 
of 29 

Then the price of tokens will increase and existing token holders can be rewarded from the 
price change. 
 

STAR Account 
~ Multisig Account for users to hold their own fund ~   

 

Starbase implements STAR Account system which is similar to Bitgo like 2 of 3 
multisignature account. 
 
Starbase server aims not to control users’ funds for solving regulatory issues, and users 
can manage their funds by themselves easily without blockchain knowledge. Here's how 
"STAR Account" works: 
 
1. STAR Account system is 2 of 3 multisig, users hold tokens by their own hands, 
because Starbase only holds 1 key of the 3 keys 
2. With 2 of 3 signatures, users can execute certain transactions like transfer, receive 
rewards. 
3. Users can sign by themselves using 1 keys encrypted by transaction password, and the 
other is on Starbase server 
4. And the transaction will be broadcasted from the user’s client or the Starbase server to 
the network and transaction will be executed.  
  
STAR Account is basis for STAR Reward mechanism (Deposit and Withdraw type 
reward distribution contract) and STAR Protection (Escrow with Put option)  mechanism. 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 30 
of 30 

STAR Protection   
 STAR Account For Releasing Funds To Core Team   

 
It’s important for core teams to have escrow mechanism for increasing their trustability. 
 
From Starbase web application, core teams can find escrow partner and create their 2 of 3 
wallets, “STAR Account” one. 
 
By using the mechanism, core teams can not run away and prove they will likely to fulfill 
the promise.Escrow mechanism is commonly used for blockchain projects, and blockchain 
people, it’s easy to create escrow wallet and system by themselves and use it, but non-
blockchain companies it’s still difficult to create them and utilize it. 
 

STAR Protection   
Put option for sold tokens 

 
STAR Protection aims to protect token purchasers of a project. Core team can choose to 
make put option for going to raise/raised funds. 
 
By promising minimum price of token by smart contract, token purchasers can limit their 
loss.  

 

Starbase Revenue Projection  
 
The Starbase platform revenue is coming from the following 3 sources and revenue is 
distributed to the STAR holders. The important fee structure ensures that Starbase doesn’t 
take fees from investors, or payees. 
 

 Token issuance fee. When the core team’s new token is issued by using the 
Starbase platform, the Starbase platform takes a operational fee for newly issued 
tokens. 

 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 31 
of 31 

 
Figure 1: Token issuance fee 

 
 

 Crowdsale fee. When the core team’s issued tokens are purchased by supporters, 
Starbase takes a fee as a platform. 

 
 

 
Figure: 2. Crowdsale fee 

 
 Crowdsourcing work payment fee. When the core team’s issued tokens paid for 

supporters, such as freelancers, engineers, team members, marketers, legal 
professional etc, then the Starbase platform takes a payment fee. The fee is only 
applicable when the payer uses a Starbase smart contract for their work payment 
which is similar as to most crowdsourcing platforms. 

 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 32 
of 32 

 
Figure: 3. Work payment fees  

 
These 3 types of fee rates will be adjusted by the Starbase company in order to meet the 
market needs of core teams and supporters. 
  
If within 5 years: 
- Starbase supports 271 core teams token sale & issuance  
Average (expected) token sale amount: $500,000 
Average token sale fee: $37,500 
Average issued token valuation: $1,500,000 
Average crowdsale token fee by one client (USD): $112,500  
- Starbase supports 43,350 work payments, 
Average work value: $2,000 
Average fee per work : $100 
 
Then, within 5 years  there will be: 
271 * ($37,500 + $112,500) + 43,350 works * $100 = $44M  Starbase platform revenue 
distribution.  
Therefore, 1 STAR token holder will generally receive $0.011 equivalent ETH & Core 
teams’ tokens. 
 

 
If within 5 years,  
- Starbase platform supports 0 core teams token sale & issuance  
Average(expected) token sale amount: $500,000 
Average token sale fee:  $37,500maproad 
Average issued token valuation: $1,500,000 
Average crowdsale token fee by one client (USD): $112,500  
- Starbase platform supports 0 work payments, 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 33 
of 33 

Average work value: $2,000 
Average fee per work : $100 
 
Then,within 5 years, there will be  
0 * ($37,500 + $112,500) + 0 works * $100 
= $0 Starbase platform revenue distribution.  
So 1 STAR token holder will receive generally $0 amount of ETH & Core teams’ tokens. 
 

The Team  
 
Latest team members and advisors you can see from  https://starbase.co/about 
 
Tomoaki Sato - Founder & Blockchain Engineer 
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/tomoaki-sato-086a0555 
- https://www.facebook.com/tomoaki.sato.35   
- https://github.com/tomoaki12345 
Just after entering university, Tomoaki Sato started to live as an IT entrepreneur way, the first startup is 
islamap, map application for muslims in muslim minority countries in Japan. In the way, he met Bitcoin and 
start to think about using it for islamic finance. However he was rapidly attracted to the technology itself and 
the philosophy, “decentralization”.  In the previous startup, Tomoaki Sato did blockchain & smart contract 
development support, consulting, and held conference as Smart Contract Japan Founder, and held more than 
400 people attended conference. Also he did Smart Contract Meetup weekly in Japan.  
 
After he met with various blockchain entrepreneurs around the world, and crowdsale & ICO movements, he 
started to want to bring this technology for everyone easy to challenge new innovative ideas..So he left the 
company and started Starbase as Founder and Blockchain developer in order to make global token 
crowdfunding & reward payment platform.  
 
Yu Yamanaka - CTO  
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/urelx 
He was Japanese largest curation media infrastructure lead, and can do almost any large user-base web 
application technology. But he was new to the blockchain technology and absorbed in it. He can do anything 
fairly in a large scale with infrastructure knowledge and experiences. After we met, he quit his AI company 
and start to work together. 
 
Ernana Luis - Frontend Engineer 
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/ernaneluis/ 
Luis had a strong interest in blockchain technology He did blockchain research in Bonn university and made 
Ethereum app within a week. Since he was 15 I started working with Web Development, he had in the past 4 
years experience with Mobile Development for iOS and the past 5 months I started working with Mobile 
Hybrid Technology:  Ionic 2, where I could build Android and iOS mobile apps on top of Web Technology, 
that way I could learn more about Javascript, TypeScript and Angular 

Section Break (Continuous)Section Break (Next Page)



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 34 of 34 

 Starbase Members  

 

 

Starbase Advisors  
 

  
 

Starbase Incubator Partners  
 
Starbase will have incubator partners around the world to spread the idea and to enable global innovation.  
Incubator partners are to generally introduce the token based funding/team-making system to startups as 
alternative. If said startups want to use it, they will be able to use Starbase. If they decide to do so, then 
they will do the due diligence process with partner instead of the Starbase company, it’s described by the 
Starbase Due Diligence System in a later part of this documents. 

 
Jan, 2017 - Takumi Innovators and XNode became official incubator partners in China. 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 35 of 35 

 
 

Starbase Rating Partners  
 
Starbase recommends rating partners for core teams who needs rating to increase their trustability or core 
teams can find by themselves and put the rating information with the rating company name reference. 
 
Now, Starbase has ICORating, a global leading rating company who is professionally specialized in ICO 
projects. And in the long run, Starbase company will have another rating partners as recommendation.  
 
One of important reasons we recommends some rating companies as "rating parnter" is that it’s useful for 
supporters who don't know blockchain or crypto currency market to know about reliable rating 
companies. 
 

 
 

Jan, 2017 - ICORating became our rating partner. 
 

 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 36 of 36 

 

 

Target User Segments 

 

 
In order to have market adaption, it’s important to target unique user segments. Starbase targets 
these user segments.  
 
1st step (2017Q4- 2018Q2 -Q4)   
 

 Core team: 
Innovative startups or individuals who needs private crowdfunding first. 
Starbase helps designing tokens by token templates, and then support token issuance & 
token allocation & private sale of tokens by themselves.  
Currently in crowdfunding market place, it’s difficult to start crowdfunding privately as 
“Early purchase” or “Early contribution” way, but in blockchain world, it’s more easy to 
do private sale of core team tokens as long as supporters believing in the core team. 
 

 Supporter:  
Blockchain related purchasers, engineers, designers who want to support globally 
innovative projects by purchasing tokens or working for them. 
 
In the current world, it’s difficult for supporting other countries project by investing in 
them. But by using tokens, as long as they can buy some crypto currencies in their 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 37 of 37 

country from their fiat currencies, they will be able to support any countries’ projects. 
 
In 1st step, Starbase mainly focuses on token purchasers who already have crypto 
currencies, are interesting in blockchain, or are interesting in investing global innovative 
projects as target audiences, because our first important step is to gather good core teams, 
and good core teams would like to have token purchasers as fast as possible 

 
2nd step  (2018Q2-Q4 - 2019Q4)   
 

 Core team:  
IaaS, PaaS, SaaS startups who has software licenses or intangible value transactions in 
their platform or their service, whether it’s B2C(Business to Customer),B2B or C2C 
platform.  
 

 Supporter:  
In 2nd step, Starbase still continue to focus on those who want to purchase or have 
innovative project tokens. Starbase try to make tokens value as easy as possible to 
understand by showing value converted to $ or BTC exchanged value with the tokens, 
and the core team’s information. 
 

3rd step (2019Q4 ~ ) 
 Core team: 

Starbase considers the world will have more regulations and rules for blockchain tokens, 
and more and more companies will be able to adapt blockchain tokens without 
concerning regulatory or tax issues. 
 
Starbase targets those who would like to start new global projects in middle or big 
companies. 
 

 Supporters:  
Starbase expands targets freelancers or those who want to work for startups.  

  
 

STAR Token (Symbol: STAR)  Sale 
 

 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 38 of 38 

 
Starbase will issue initial 1 Billion (= 1,000,000,000) Starbase Tokens (Currency symbol: 
“STAR”). 
 
The STAR shall have an input functionality, which allows a digital input function to receive 
user fees, generated in the operation of the Starbase platform 
 
If you saw before ver 0.4x whitepaper, please refer to important term change for regulatory 
reason from here. 
 
STAR token initial allocation is as follows:  
12.5 %: Public sale 
5%: Early Purchaser Bonus  
1.25%: Reward for marketing campaign  
6.25%: Founders and Early contributors. 
75%: Starbase company.  
 
 

STAR Consumption (Utility value of STAR) 
   

 STAR holders can use pay STAR in the Starbase platform for token based crowdfunding 
and crowdsourcing. 

 STAR holders can vote on STAR DD system by the amount of STAR 
 
Starbase platform provide tools for users easy to accept the payment of STAR for their work. 
And according to STAR market price, STAR payment acceptors can change how many STARs 
they need for their work service.  
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 39 of 39 

In Ethereum, Factom like decentralized platform, Factoid, Ether can be converted to Entry credit 
or Gas to receive decentralized service with stable value. Starbase would like to achieve similar 
system by the price conversion mechanism provided from Starbase platform price systems.  
 

STAR Reward for STAR holders  
 
The STAR is a rewardable token. The Starbase platform pays a reward to STAR holders from 
the Starbase platform future revenue. The maximum reward amount is capped to 100 times of the 
Starbase fundraised amount at the STAR sale. 
 
The reward is given out from the Starbase revenue as described. All Starbase platform revenue. 
Rewards are distributed on the Ethereum blockchain, and STAR holders can claim and receive 
rewards proportional to their owned amount of STARs. 

 
 
 
 
Starbase reward payment will occur every quarter and STAR holders can claim rewards either on 
the Ethereum blockchain, through the Starbase website, or via 3rd party Ethereum wallet 
collaborator. 
 
STAR holders will earn Ether, ERC20 type Tokens, and STAR on the Ethereum blockchain, 
because Starbase revenue is from 1. Token sale fees, 2. Token issuance fees, 3. Work payment 
fees. 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 40 of 40 

 
Revenues from the first source is distributed by Ethereum, and from sources 2 & 3 is distributed 
by the Ethereum token issued by the core team. 

 

The Ethereum token rewards are good for core teams who use Starbase. If there are 20 000 
STAR holders, then the core team can distribute their project tokens to 20,000 individuals which 
are likely to support their project or invest more. 
 
In order to receive rewards, all STAR holders needs to use an Ethereum wallet such as “Mist” 
https://github.com/ethereum/mist or the Starbase platform in order to claim rewards from there. 
This is to insure the safety of the token holders, some tokens may disappear in non-aware 
wallets, such as cryptocurrency exchanges. 

 

STAR Inflation 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 41 of 41 

 
STAR has inflation mechanism. After the token becomes transferrable after the Starbase 
platform launch, then the STAR inflation will commence. A specific token address, which is 
held by the Starbase company, will receive new tokens from the inflation. 
 
The new tokens from inflation will all be used for the Starbase platform development, marketing, 
and legal contingencies. 
 
Maximum inflation is 2.5 % per year + 0.5% * {total_reward_paid_out}/ 
{total_tokensold_amount} in total.  
 
For example, if the Starbase platform is in its 3rd year of operation and has paid out 3 times the 
fundraised amount of Ether and Ethereum tokens on the ethereum blockchain to allSTAR 
holders, then the maximum inflation by the Starbase company can be  2.5 * 3 + 0.5 % * 3 = 9 % 
in total. 
 

STAR Lockup Mechanism   
~ For Starbase Company ~  

75% of STAR are locked, unless the conditions for a further Contribution Period apply. Every year, 
Starbase company is entitled to hold a Contribution Period, during which it allocates Starbase 
company from Pool C in return for Contributions. In general, Starbase company will announce every 
year in June. 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 42 of 42 

Contribution Period and under which conditions it will take place. If this is the case, such a 
Contribution Period shall start in July of the same year and last for 4 Weeks. The allocation of 
Starbase company to the Users of such a Contribution Period will be then made in August of the same 
year. The next year's maximum amount of STAR, which can be created during such a Contribution 
Period, will be announced each year before December 31 and this maximum amount of STAR shall 
not exceed 100'000'000 STAR.  
 
Such further Contribution Periods are possible only for 450'000'000 STAR of Pool C have been 
allocated to Users.  
 
The remaining 300'000'000 STAR remain not-transferable. At the initial year, all STAR allocated to 
Starbase company are not-transferable tokens.  
 
STAR becomes transferable only when Starbase company does crowdsale for further development and 
marketing of Starbase platform once in a year. And the crowdsale time is once in a year, maximum 
tokens sold will be below 100M (=10 %) and the discount rate in the sale depends on the market 
condition. And it’ll be about 10%. Not-sold STARs at the sale will be locked again for 6 months.  
 
 

STAR Lockup Mechanism   
~ For Founders and Early Contributors ~  

 
The Starbase founders and early contributor’s tokens can not be transferred within 1 year. After 1 year 
has passed then 1/52 of the amount can be transferred weekly. 
 
For example, if an early contributor has 520,000 tokens at the time of the Starbase platform release, 
then they can transfer 10,000 STAR per week after 1 year has passed since the platform launch. 
 
In Starbase case, tokens allocated to Starbase founders and early contributors’ tokens are lock-uped in 
this way. 
 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 43 of 43 

 

STAR Liquidity 
STAR will be as a ERC 20 type token which is commonly accepted at major cryptocurrency 
exchanges, e.g. Poloniex. 

  List of popular ERC 20 type tokens in the world  (referenced from: https://etherscan.io )  The Starbase team will try to get the STAR listed by the major cryptocurrency exchanges around the world.  Therefore, the STAR holders will be able to sell their STAR on the market after the STAR becomes transferrable.  



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 44 of 44 

 
 

STAR Bounty Campaign 
 
Starbase platform will have bounty campaigns for marketing. The Starbase platform will use a 
maximum of 1.25 % of the STAR (12.5M STAR) for marketing contributors. Several types of 
marketing endeavours will be led: 
 

 Facebook campaign. (Like, Comment, Share) 
 Twitter campaign.  (Follow, Retweet) 
 Blog articles campaign. 
 Newsletter subscription campaign. 
 Whitepaper & website translation campaign. 
 Slack participation 
 Early purchaser recommendation campaign. 
 Other contributions for the Starbase platform. 

 

 
 

 Starbase bounty page 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 45 of 45 

 
Image 2: Starbase Bounty Dashboard  

 
 
 
 
Bounty campaign details will be later described in the Starbase blog: https://blog.starbase.co 
 
And bounty campaign site is https://bounty.starbase.co 
 

 
STAR Crowdsale Bonus Schedule  

 
STAR crowdsale will last 45 days, and below the time bonus for token purchasers. If you bought 
earlier, you can get a bigger bonus for your purchased amount. 
 
For example, a person purchases $1000 worth of tokens by using ETH or BTC during the 15% 
bonus period, then after the sale has finished, the purchase will be counted as $1150 and will 
receive STARs 2 weeks after the end of the token sale. 
 

Starbase Bonus Schedule will be as follows: 
1st ~ 7th day: 20 % bonus  
8th ~ 21th day: 15% bonus  
22th ~ 35th day: 10% bonus 
36th ~ 42th day: 5% bonus  
43th ~ 45th day: 0 % bonus  



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 46 of 46 

 
 
 
  
 
 
If we do not raise  $2.5M within 45 days, then we will extend the duration of the token sale to fundraise 
that amount. The extended token sale will be immediately finished when the funded amount reaches 
$2.5M. The extended sale token bonus percentage will be as described below.  
 

Starbase Extended Sale Term Bonus Schedule is below. 
 

46th ~ 48th day: 20 % bonus  
49th ~ 51st day: 15% bonus  
52nd ~ 54th day: 10% bonus 
55th ~ 57th day: 5% bonus  
58th ~ 60th day: 0 % bonus  

61st ~ 120th day: {number_of_days} -  60 * 1% bonus 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 47 of 47 

 

Minimum Funding Amount  
  

Starbase will commence operations as long as it raises $1,000,000 during the Starbase token 
sale. Token sale includes early purchase and crowdsale. 

 

Starbase Funded Value Usage   
 
The amount funded will be used for the Starbase platform as follows: 

 Development (50% - 75%). 
 Business development (Marketing & Sales & Consulting) (20% - 45%). 
 Legal (10% - 25 % ). 
 Contingency (5- 10%) 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 48 of 48 

Development can include, but is not limited to: 

-   Starbase crowdsourcing frontend web application.  
-  Starbase multisignature wallets which can be managed by the users themselves, and not by 
Starbase company. 
-  Starbase value API for token issuance & reward payments  
-  Starbase value API for token deposit & transfer & withdrawal. 
-  Ethereum token contract templates for core teams. 
-  Work payment by Bitcoin, Ethereum, and core teams’ tokens UX. 
-  Cold & Hot wallet separation mechanism. 

Business Development costs can include, but are not limited to: 

-  Hold workshops for global token based funding for new service/product development. 
-  Create a press release for Starbase platform launch & updates. 
- Collaborate with rating agencies for core teams to be able to choose rating agencies and 
collaborate with them to increase their trust. 
- Collaborate with VCs or incubators for core teams to be able to choose due diligence 
companies and start crowdsale.  
- Collaborate with Incubators to provide workshops to bring startups and supporters who don’t 
know much about blockchain or internet of value to token sale & ICO world. 
- Develop enterprise acceptable scheme for VC as supporter (investor). 
- Hold engineer workshops for people who want to support global innovative startups as 
supporters (developers, designers, legal or financial professionals). 

 

Legal costs can include, but is not limited to: 

-  Company establishment and opening a bank account and taxation after talking with 
Switzerland, Singapore, Luxembourg lawyers for developing the global Starbase platform. 
-   Legal advice and endorsement for the business from governments or authorities. 
-   Discussion with regulators, lawyers and accountants in Switzerland, Singapore, 
Luxembourg. 
-     Jurisdiction operating licenses, such as the Payment Institution License 
-   Know- Your Customer legal database, if required. 
-   Preparation of data protection and legal admission for regulations in the countries in which 
Starbase operates. 
-     Legal staffing costs. 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 49 of 49 

 
 
 

Starbase as HR Technology 
 

   Starbase positions in HR technology, with it’s fast and global long-term incentive system will raise the popularity and token value.   By using Starbase, core teams can pay issued tokens as long-term incentives for supporters. This will create benefits for core teams who don’t have much initial capital.   Sharing long-term incentives with supporters, if the value is visible enough, nicely works similar to stock options, phantom stocks, and SAR does in current company models.    

 Starbase in the Permissionless Blockchain Ecosystem 
 Starbase mission in the permissionless blockchain context is to increase the non-blockchain user utilization of the global permissionless blockchain as “internet of value” for new projects..   Summary:   Make more non-blockchain users utilize blockchain, global “Internet of Value”.  Starbase focuses on token issuance &  reward payment functionalities more than token transfer, exchange functionalities.  Starbase enable more innovative projects easily doing bounty campaign  Starbase enable more innovative projects easily doing token issuance   Provide new token issuance templates for core teams. 

 

Merits of Using the Ethereum Blockchain  
 

By using Ethereum for the Starbase platform development, then users can gain the following: 
  

 More liquidity than any other token types, because they can be easily listed on 
cryptocurrency exchanges. We will issue tokens using the ERC 20 standard which 
most commonly used. It is the same standard as with REP, DGD, MKR, SNGLS, etc.) 
 

 High security as many savvy engineers are already using it, and the core is also 
rapidly being maintained. 

 
 Transparent smart contract which can be used under reliable token conditions. 

 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 50 of 50 

 Ethereum has the second market cap in the crypto currencies, and decentralized large 
network and general computation platform already. 

 
             

 
 

From CoinMarketCap, Ethereum is the second 
 
Therefore, we are using Ethereum for the STAR and core teams’ tokens for the first.  
  

 Starbase development plan and budget    



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 51 of 51 

 
 

Risk  
  This document purpose:  The financial projections are estimations. There is no guarantee that they will be met. This whitepaper is not an offer, but is informational in nature. This document is not for U.S. residents or citizens.    Purchase of STAR: The purchase of STAR, as described herein, entails a high degree of risk and is only suitable for those who can afford a total loss of their purchase.     No warranty:  Purchasers need to understand that there is no warranty whatsoever on STAR, express or implied to the extent permitted by law, and understand that Starbase PTE. LTD. or related project members will not provide any refund of the purchase of STAR under any circumstances.  Dissolution of Starbase team due to a diminishment in the value of tokens: It is possible that the token value may drop significantly in the future, which may deprive the Starbase of sufficient resources to continue to operate.  Non refundable:  All purchase of STAR are final and non-refundable. By participating in the Starbase Token (Symbol: STAR) Sale, you acknowledge that the Starbase system is not required to provide a refund for any reason, and that you will not receive money or other compensation in lieu of a refund.  Taxation: Any Starbase party makes no representations concerning the tax implications of participating in the Crowdfunding, making donations, or receiving and holding Tokens. You bear the sole responsibility for determining or assessing the tax implications of your participation in the STAR sale. By participating in the STAR sale, you agree that no other party (including, without limitation to any Starbase party) may be held liable for any loss arising out of, or in any way connected to.  Acceptance of terms and conditions of the Crowdfunding: By participating in the Crowdfunding, you expressly acknowledge and represent that you have carefully reviewed these terms and conditions, the Whitepaper, the website and fully understand the risks, costs, and benefits associated with Tokens. Therefore, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.        
Reward based software product: 
STAR is a software product given as a reward for participating in the Starbase platform. There 
are no guarantees of their future value.STAR is neither a security NOR a investment offering.   

Vision Again 
                                          

~ Everyone easy to challange  ~  
 
 References 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 52 of 52 

 
[1] Satoshi. Nakamoto, "Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System," 2008. [Online]. Available: 

http://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf. [Accessed 10 09 2015]. 
 

[2] Vitelik. Buterin, “A Next-Generation Smart Contract and Decentralized Application Platform”, 
2013. https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper 
 

[3] Gavin. Wood, "Ethereum: A Secure Decentralized Generalised Transaction Ledger," 2014. 
http://gavwood.com/paper.pdf 
 

[4] ERC 20 Type Tokens. “ERC: Token Standard” q 
https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20 
 

[5] Jae. Kwon, "Cosmos A Network of Distributed Ledgers" 2016. https://cosmos.network/whitepaper 

[6] David. A. Johnston, “The General Theory of Decentralized Applications, Dapps”, 2014. 
https://github.com/DavidJohnstonCEO/DecentralizedApplications 
 

[7] Daniel Larimer, Ned Scott, V Zavgorodnev, B Johnson, J Calfee, M Vandeberg, “Steem 
An incentivized, blockchain-based social media platform.”, 2016 
 https://steem.io/SteemWhitePaper.pdf 
 

[8] Anthony C. Eufemio, Kai C. Chng, Shaun Djie, “Digix’s Whitepaper: The Gold Standard in 
Crypto-Assets” 2016 https://dgx.io/whitepaper.pdf 
 

[9] Paul Snow, Brian Deery, Jack Lu, David Johnston, Peter Kirby“Factom ~ Business Processes 
Secured by Immutable Audit Trails on the Blockchain ~ ”, 2014 
https://github.com/FactomProject/FactomDocs/blob/master/whitepaper.md 
 

[10] Tim M. Zagar, Jani Valjavec, Zenel Batagelj, Ervin U. Kovac, Ales Lekse, “Open Fund 
Management Platform to disrupt the investment industry”, 2016  
https://www.iconomi.net/ICONOMI_Whitepaper.pdf 

  
[11] JR Willett, Maran Hidskes, David Johnston, Ron Gross, Marv Schneider, “Omni Protocol 

Specification (formerly Mastercoin)”, 2016  
https://www.iconomi.net/ICONOMI_Whitepaper.pdf 
  



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 53 of 53 

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 

Page 1: [3] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [4] Formatted Alias Rehbar 10/17/17 8:29:00 AM 

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 21 pt, Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [5] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [6] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora 
 

Page 1: [7] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [8] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora 
 

Page 1: [9] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [9] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [9] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [9] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 54 of 54 

Page 1: [9] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [9] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [9] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [10] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora 
 

Page 1: [11] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [11] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [11] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [11] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [11] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [12] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora 
 

Page 1: [13] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [13] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [13] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [13] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [14] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora 
 

Page 1: [15] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [16] Formatted Unknown  



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 55 of 55 

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 11 pt 
 

Page 1: [17] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [18] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora 
 

Page 1: [19] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [20] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora 
 

Page 1: [21] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [22] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 20 pt 
 

Page 1: [23] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [24] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 20 pt 
 

Page 1: [25] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [26] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 20 pt 
 

Page 1: [27] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [27] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [28] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora 
 

Page 1: [29] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [30] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora 
 

Page 1: [31] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 56 of 56 

 

Page 1: [32] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 20 pt 
 

Page 1: [33] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [34] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 20 pt 
 

Page 1: [35] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [36] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 12 pt 
 

Page 1: [37] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [38] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 12 pt 
 

Page 1: [39] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [40] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 12 pt 
 

Page 1: [41] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [42] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 12 pt 
 

Page 1: [43] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [44] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 12 pt 
 

Page 1: [45] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [46] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 12 pt 
 

Page 1: [47] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 57 of 57 

Page 1: [48] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 12 pt 
 

Page 1: [49] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [50] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 12 pt 
 

Page 1: [51] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [52] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 12 pt 
 

Page 1: [53] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [54] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora, 12 pt 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 58 of 58 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [55] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [56] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora 
 

Page 1: [57] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [57] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [58] Formatted Unknown  

Font:(Default) Lora, (Asian) Lora 
 

Page 1: [59] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 59 of 59 

 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 60 of 60 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 



 
     
 

 |Copyright © 2016 - 2017 - Starbase  All Rights Reserved |                                    Page 61 of 61 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [60] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

Page 1: [61] Formatted Anonymous 8/30/17 8:06:00 AM 

Strikethrough 
 

 


