


































An in-depth solution to solve the liquidity problem

STeX.Exchange is the first cryptocurrency exchange with automated 

liquidity aggregation powered with innovative A2A technology, where you 

can change ANY listed coin to ANY other listed coin in one trade directly.

All Coins. One Platform.

Revision 1.2

https://stex.exchange



Contents

1. The Problem

2. The Solution

3. The Technology

4. Market Analysis

5. Competitors

6. Road Map

7. A2A Technology

8. A2A Tokens

9. A2A Token holder's Benefits

10. A2A Token ICO

11. Use of ICO Funds

12. Legalization

13. The Team

14. Advisors

15. The Project

16. FAQ: How it Works

3

  4

6

8

11

18

21

22

24

25

27

28

29

32

34

36

  



The Problem
1

1.1 The liquidity problem

The cryptocurrency world has experienced such an enormous and 
explosive growth in recent years that no existing crypto exchange is 
capable of managing it. One coin is trading on one exchange - another 
coin is on another, but there is no one single place for all coins. STeX is 
providing that one place with a platform to trade all existing coins, we 
know exactly how to make this a reality.

Many coins and tokens suffer from one big problem – a lack of liquidity. This 
leads to enormous implications for active traders/investors. No known exchange 
shows the calculations about available volume at a specific price, this is valuable 
information for high net investors. Without this information, a reasonably large 
investor cannot make a truly informed decision. The scourge of the modern 
exchange is terrible liquidity. This is exactly where we deploy our private 
algorithms and technical solutions - to solve this problem.

Have you tried to switch between coins, following trends in emerging tokens ?

1.2 Missed opportunities
Imagine, you have coin A and a nice opportunity to sell it at a profit and at the 
same time, you wish to invest in a new promising token - coin B. The only 
problem: they are traded (or have the best rates) in different exchanges. To take 
advantage of the opportunity you must finish the first trade, then transfer your 
assets from one exchange to another - wasting days and (the world is fast 
nowadays, remember?) potentially missing the brilliant opportunity to raise 
money - all because of  current market insufficiency.



2.1 Solving the liquidity problem

With our unique HFT algorithms, originally developed to work on traditional stock 
exchanges, we can solve this problem: providing access to all trading possibilities 
from one trading platform and one trading account - in the blink of an eye.

2.1.1 Liquidity aggregation

2.1.2 Liquidity pool creation (collected on ICO)

One of our solutions to solve the liquidity problem is to aggregate offers from 
many other exchanges in one place. Big orders will be executed on STeX at better 
prices thanks to the automatic collection of all of the best offers from various 
exchanges.

One of the main reasons to collect more funds during ICO is the ability to 
strengthen the project's own liquidity pool. This means that a significant amount 
of cryptocurrency will be available as bid and ask offers on the STeX exchange 
from the very beginning - with fast execution, managed by STeX's proprietary 
market-making algorithms.

The Solution
2



2.1.3 Market-makers

On top of that, STeX will be offering direct access through fast API protocols to 
those who want to become market-makers on the STeX exchange, allowing them 
to trade without any commission. For all such trades, commissions will be taken 
from a counterparty willing to buy or sell at the offered price.

2.1.4 Out-of-the-box MM for every user

On top of the aforementioned which we believe is able to provide more than 
enough liquidity - we are also going to make it quick and easy for every user on 
STeX to contribute and profit from the already installed market-making 
algorithm. Several pre-defined presets for different strategies will be available 
and ready to use - all you need to do is to specify the amount that you wish to 
invest in this strategy and express your market view, if any (optional).

If any two coins are listed on STeX, you can trade one against the other directly

No more missed opportunities! Switch between any 
altcoin immediately and pick up all of the profits!

2.2.1 Built-in cross rate support

Our special A2A decentralized technology gives STeX the ability to support 
hundreds of thousands of cross rates simultaneously - an ability no other 
exchange has at the moment. More importantly, this means full featured support - 
including a much wider variety of trading abilities such as; trailing stop loss 
orders, take profit orders, charts and much more. All of the features you find on 
STeX will be available across any trading pair, too.



3.1 Decentralization

STeX's own cloud cluster is physically hosted in many countries to prevent the 
possibility of downtime due to real-world/technological attack or failure.

3.2 Crypto-security

All STeX systems are encrypted and cannot be accessed without proper 
authorisation from STeX.

The project's main funds - including user's funds - are stored in cold wallets, not 
vulnerable to online attacks.

The Technology
3



3.3 Speed

Superfast cloud processing core - internal trades are completed in the blink of an 
eye.

3.4 Horizontal scaling

Our A2A decentralized technology allows us to support thousands of cross rates 
simultaneously.

This unique combination of understanding end-user needs, knowledge of how to 
build infrastructure capable of delivering services to millions of users, teamed 
with sophisticated HTF market-making algorithms - ensures that the project will 
be successful while being difficult to imitate, if someone wishes to compete.

Behind our system lie years of experience in trading on the world's largest stock 
exchanges and countless hours developing trading algorithms for private hedge-
funds and brokers.



Since 2012, the cryptocurrency market has been picking up speed, ramping up 
exponentially within the past 3 years.

Cryptocurrency Market Caps (Historical) 
coin.dance

4.1 Current metrics

At the time of writing the market capitalization for all cryptocurrencies is at 
$168.72 billion and there are approximately 330k confirmed transactions per day, 
with some predicting a possible increase to a $200 billion market cap by the end  
of 2017.

As of October 2017 between $1 and $4 billion is traded through cryptocurrency 
exchanges daily. While it is difficult to pinpoint exactly how many traders are 
currently out there, a global cryptocurrency benchmarking study by the 
Cambridge Centre for Alternative Finance representing roughly 75% of the 
industry, estimates that there are at least 3 million people actively trading 
Bitcoin today - while data from other sources, such as Coinbase and ARK Research, 
estimate that there are between 10-14 million Bitcoin owners worldwide.

Market analysis
4

Altcoin Market Cap Bitcoin Market Cap



Altcoins now account for around 50% of the the worldwide cryptocurrency market 
capitalization. As of January 1st 2017, the Altcoin market cap was at around $2.18 
billion, rising 34 times to $74.39 billion as of October 2017. The Bitcoin market 
cap rose to $94.34 billion from $16.28 billion - rising just under 6 times in the 
same period.

The market continues to evolve. It now requires a single platform that will allow 
high liquidity for a variety of crypto assets as well as efficiently provide an inter-
operable trading environment - saving on time and compounding fees from 
multi-step trades. We plan to satiate this need by offering 10,000 trading pairs 
across the top 100 cryptocurrencies at launch on one platform - all with the 
lowest rates available.

The Cryptocurrency Universe

$36.7B
BITCOIN

2009

$10.9B
RIPPLE

2012

$1,3B
LITECOIN

2011
$0,9B

DASH
2014

$0,4B
STELLAR 
LUMENS

2014

$0,3B
D0GECOIN

2013

$15.4B
ETHEREUM

2015

ETHEREUM 
CLASS IC 

2016

$1,8B
NEM
2015

$6,1B

$1.4B

800 OTHER 
ALTCOINS

$0,9B
MONERO

2014

$0,6B
BYTECOIN

2012



4.2 Projections

While it is extremely difficult to predict the growth of the cryptocurrency market, 
2017 has been a demonstrative year in the growth potential of cryptocurrencies 
as inventive blockchain solutions, innovative DAOs and awareness of smart 
contract applications in the real world continue to drive momentum.
According to an analyst at Saxo Bank, the Bitcoin market cap could hit 1.75 
trillion in 10 years, with its price reaching $100,000. The estimate is that 
cryptocurrencies will account for 10% of the average daily trade volume of all fiat 
trade by 2027. Foreign exchange ADV currently stands at $5 trillion and we can 
follow growth estimates to assume that cryptocurrencies could account for $500 
billion by that time. 

Average daily trading volume in 2017: $2.1 Billion
Projected daily trading volume in 2027: $500 Billion



Competitors
5

5.1 List of competitors

Through the extensive and ongoing analysis of either direct 
competitors, similarly featured platforms or exchanges with the highest 
trading volume for the last 6 months - we have been able to gain 
insight into what works for successful exchanges and what the 
expectation and community feedback is regarding desired features, 
incorporating these into the STeX development cycle to stay 
competitive and relevant.

This undertaking has given us great understanding of the perceived 
‘ideal trading platform’, allowing us to work towards perfecting our 
offering and meeting the crypto community's needs.

From our own collective experience as traders and from research into product 
whitepapers, public opinion and promotional materials - we have narrowed down 
what we think are the most relevant strengths, weaknesses, threats and 
differentiators (USPs) for each of our competitors. 

The list collated here is a mix of decentralized, hybrid and centralized exchanges 
with varying service offerings and product features.

Some of the most compelling features of the fastest growing and most 
innovative cryptocurrency exchanges of recent times - include being 
decentralized/offering ‘trustless’ trading, having a high liquidity pool or access to 
fast order processing.
Unfortunately, many of these features are seemingly mutually exclusive across 
competing exchanges. We are proud to be working closely with industry experts 
and the growing STeX community alike, to incorporate these much desired 
features into one system for the STeX project.



5.1.1 Top 10 analysis: jurisdiction, number of coins, number 
of pairs, fiat D/W, AML/limits, commissions

EtherDelta (Decentralized)

Jurisdiction: Blockchain
No. of coins: 148
Trading Pairs: 667
Fiat Deposit / Withdrawal: No
AML Limits: None
Deposit Fees: 0.0001 - 0.0003 ETH
Withdrawal Fees: 0.0001 - 0.0002 ETH
Trading Fees: 0.0002 -  0.0003 ETH

- Transparency
- No registration
required
- Secure & limitless

Strengths Weaknesses

Threats Differentiators 

- High trading costs
- Non-instant trades
- Thin order books

- Fees and features not
competitive with other
exchanges
- No innovative
technology to boost
liquidity

- Trustless trading
- Open source and 
verifiable

Hybrid - Combining the speed centralized exchange with
the secure account management of a decentralized one.

No. of coins: over 100
Trading Pairs: over 10,000
Fiat Deposit / Withdrawal: No
AML Limits: None
Deposit Fees: No
Withdrawal Fees: No
Trading Fees: 0.2%

- Speed & security
- All trading pairs, one platform
- Best rates, aggregated from
other exchanges
-built in tarding robots
-most advanced API
for algo-trading
-another exchanges' API
supported for the old robots
-simple separate interface
for the newbies

Strengths Weaknesses

Threats Differentiators 

- Our contigency funds 
and ‘survival mode’ will 
have to be deployed if 
we are unable to gain 
significant market share

- If the crypto market
stagnates or declines
- If crypto/exchanges face 
worldwide regulation

Listed conditions are subject to change in case 
of market conditions, competitors actions, AML 
rules, etc.

- Exchange aggregation
- Lowest rates, highest 
liquidity

KYBER NETWORK (Decentralized)

Jurisdiction: Singapore
No. of coins: ‘Popular and high volume coins'
Trading Pairs: Supporting many arbitrary pairs 
will require many funds in reserve.
Fiat Deposit / Withdrawal: No
AML Limits: KYC Compliant
Deposit Fees: N/A (P2P transactions)
Withdrawal Fees: N/A (P2P transactions)
Trading Fees: No

- Good advisory
board/partnerships
- Proxy / cross chain
payment

Strengths Weaknesses

Threats

Differentiators 

- Requires high 
participation from 
reserve providers to
enable high liquidity.
- Q1 2018 Initial release
features only 5-10 tokens 
from a single central 
reserve  

- Rogue reserve
managers
- Unknown and off-chain
policing process

- Trustless
- Instant on-chain order
fulfilment



BINANCE (Centralized)
Jurisdiction: China
No. of coins: 35
Trading Pairs: 64
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: No
AML Limits: 2 BTC daily limit for non-verified
accounts, 50 BTC daily limit for accounts 
enhanced verification.
Deposit Fees: No
Withdrawal Fees: 0 - 0.6%
Trading Fees: 0.01%

- Strong online
community
- Solid team with track
record
- No fiat (bypassing
current legislation)

Strengths Weaknesses

Threats

Differentiators 

- Limited pairing
- No stop loss
- Low trade volume

- Change in legislations

- Trustless
- Fast order fulfilment 
thanks to innovative 
infrastructure

BITTREX (Centralized)
Jurisdiction: USA
No. of coins: 200
Trading Pairs: 537
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: No
AML Limits: Two account types. Limits are between
3 BTC and 100 BTC depending on level of identity
verification, enhanced requiring public record
verification and scans for proof of address.
Deposit Fees: No
Withdrawal Fees: No
Trading Fees: 0.25% of trading profits

- Holders of New York’s
‘bitlicense’ (legally
compliant with local
legislation)
- Extensive trading pairs
- Easy to use

Strengths Weaknesses

Threats
Differentiators 

- Mixed user experience
- Service restrictions to some 
regions
- Long verification process or 
not accepting new users at all
- Overloaded
- shows delayed data in the 
interface most of the time

- Loss of user base from 
bad PR - Algorithmic trading

BITFINEX (Centralized)
Jurisdiction: Taiwan
No. of coins: 20
Trading Pairs: 44
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: No - Pressure from
Taiwanese banks
AML Limits: Limitless fiat withdrawals are AML ,
KYC and CTF compliant requiring government ID and 
proof of address.
Deposit Fees: No
Withdrawal Fees: No
Trading Fees: 0 - 0.2%

- OTC services
- Margin/leveraged
trading
- Mobile app

Strengths Weaknesses

Threats

Differentiators 

- Limited tokens and 
pairs offered
- Slow/expensive fiat
depositing option
- Restrictions on some
countries

- Multiple hacks reducing
user confidence in 
service - Variety of order types

OKCOIN (Centralized)
Jurisdiction: China
No. of coins: 5
Trading Pairs: 15
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: Yes
AML Limits : $50,000 maximum daily cap requiring
photo id and proof of residence for higher tiers. 
$10,000 or more in deposits may be subject to 
enhanced due diligence checks.
Deposit Fees: No
Withdrawal Fees: 0.01%, minimum $15
Trading Fees: 0.05 - 0.2%

- Advanced security
measures
- Advanced order types
- Good liquidity

Strengths Weaknesses

Threats Differentiators 

- Limited tokens and 
pairs offered
- Limited support 
intenationally

- Legislation change 
in China
-Allegations of price/
volume manipulation

- Leverage management 
tools

5.1.1 Top 10 analysis: jurisdiction, number of coins, number 
of pairs, fiat D/W, AML/limits, commissions



5.1.1 Top 10 analysis: jurisdiction, number of coins, number 
of pairs, fiat D/W, AML/limits, commissions

BITSTAMP (Centralized)
Jurisdiction: Slovenia / UK
No. of coins: 4
Trading Pairs: 12
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: Yes
AML Limits: No limit requiring proof of ID and
residence, conforming to AML legislation in the
regions in which it operates.
Deposit Fees: No
Withdrawal Fees: No
Trading Fees: 0.25 - 0.1%

- No trading or d/w limits
- Mobile application
- Fast service

Strengths Weaknesses

Threats
Differentiators 

- Limited tokens and 
pairs offered
- Mixed user reviews
- High fees

- May fail to retain users as 
more competitive exchanges 
enter the market
- Banks sometimes do not 
accept transfers from 
Bitstamp because of not 
proper license for crypto

- The oldest and most 
stable exchange

COINBASE (Centralized)
Jurisdiction: USA
No. of coins: 3
Trading Pairs: 9
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: Yes
AML Limits: $10,000 maximum daily cap, with 
greater limit allowances requiring photo id, proof 
of address and government ID.
Deposit Fees: Yes
Withdrawal Fees: Yes
Trading Fees: 1% Fixed

- Current largest Bitcoin
broker
- Fast fiat conversion

Strengths Weaknesses

Threats
Differentiators 

- Limited tokens and 
pairs offered
- Very stringent KYC/AML
procedures

- Strict conformity to
governmental legislation
and traditional banking
systems

- High liquidity in ETH, 
BTC and LTC markets

EIDOO (Hybrid)
Jurisdiction: Switzerland
No. of coins: Bitcoin, Ethereum
Trading Pairs: Undisclosed
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal: Yes
AML Limits: Must conform to AML / KYC
regulations.
Deposit Fees: Competitive
Withdrawal Fees: Competitive
Trading Fees: Competitive

- Embedded token
system (funding)
- User-friendly wallet
app

Strengths Weaknesses

Threats Differentiators 

- A 'jack of all trades' 
solution that doesn't 
have pro-spec exchange 
functionality

- Many partnerships and
3rd parties will be relied
on to provide full
functionality, any of 
which could fail or halt 
services

- Combined wallet & 
exchange features
- Cross-chain trades

KRAKEN (Centralized)
Jurisdiction: USA
No. of coins: 25
Trading Pairs: 73
Fiat Deposit/ Withdrawal:  Yes
AML Limits: 3 tiers of withdrawal limits based on
clearing different 'tiers' of verification, ranging from
$20k-$200k monthly, requiring photo id, government 
id and proof of address for the highest tier.
Deposit Fees: Yes, in some cases
Withdrawal Fees: Yes
Trading Fees: 0 - 0.26%

- Holders of New York’s
‘bitlicense’ (legally
compliant with local
legislation)
- Extensive trading pairs
- Easy to use

Strengths Weaknesses

Threats Differentiators 

- Mixed user experience
- Service restrictions to 
some regions
- Long verification 
process

- Loss of user base from 
bad PR

- Algorithmic trading



Lack of focus - an 'all-in-one' platform that 
may have missing exchange functionality for 
pro traders

- Multi-currency/asset wallet
- Debit Card accepted
- Supports all ERC20 tokens 

Goodn/a

Hybrid

EIDOO

- Long verification/support ticket time
- Mixed user reviews

- Large number of trading pairs
- High volumes

Below Average537

Centralized

BITTREX

- Not a transparent company
- Reputation loss due to hack

- High USD Liquidity
- Low Fees
- All order types and margin trading

Industry Average44

Centralized

BITFINEX

- The Chinese crypto market is under 
increased scrutiny/regulatory changes

- Easy layout and functionality
- Good liquidity
- Futures & leverages on LTC/BTC

Industry Average13

Centralized

OKCOIN

- Supports only BTC/FIAT trades
- Negative user experiences reported
- Higher fees if you are trading low
- Hacked Jan 2015

- Good reputation
- Easy and quick to use

Below Average12

Centralized

BITSTAMP

- Major user privacy violations
- Puts investors before customers

- Newbie friendly
- Integrated debit/credit cards

Industry Average9

Centralized

COINBASE

- Slight volume lag in BTC/USD
- Weak support for mobile platforms
- No "advanced" orders (stop-loss etc.)
- Has uptime problems when market gets hot

- High liquidity in EUR markets
- Margin trading supported

Industry Average73

Centralized

KRAKEN

5.2 Comparison with STeX

Futures
M

argin Trading
Derivative

Hedge Funds

Trading Pairs Liquidity Pros Cons

Decentralized

KYBER 
NETWORK

- Requires good partcipation from reserve 
providers to enable high liquidity
- Limited tokens on release

Decentralized

BINANCE

Hybrid

- Restricts US and Hong Kong citizens 
because of SEC and SFC regulation

- Lowest possible bid/ask spreads in the 
industry 
- Bid/ask size automatic calculation
- Stop/limit/conditional orders
- Best prices available across other 
exchanges

- High Liquidity
- Fast exchange
- Good team and 
advisory board

- Lower trade volume comparitively
- Few available order types

- Fast order processing
- Multi-language support
- All major coins available

- Low liquidity
- Lacks advanced features

- Limitless trading
- No registration/censorship protection

- Low trading volumes
- Slow transaction speed
- Not designed for active trading
- User experience mostly aimed at coders/
devs

- Supported by crypto community
- Several payment options available
- Focus on privacy

Highest possible

Good

>10000

n/a

Industry Average64

Industry Average60

- Well designed platform
- Low commisons
- Fast conversions

- Low trading volumes
- Liquidity will be low until exchange 
picks up momentum

Industry Average4

Low325

STEX

Decentralized

ETHERDELTA

Decentralized

BITSQUARE

Decentralized

QVOLTA

- Liquidity is dependant upon ICO 
soft-funding target being reached
- Does not facilitate  ‘coin-to-coin’ trades
- Reliability on Ethereum blockchain 
(transaction speeds)

- Transparent environment
- Strong personnel
- Broker-less trading

Goodn/a

Decentralized

SPECTRE



5.3 Competitive Advantages

The STeX system is built in such a way as to enable it to co-exist with other 
exchanges, creating a symbiotic relationship where a 3rd party exchange will 
benefit from STeX’s utilization of its markets, through its own fee structure.
We are therefore not in direct competition with traditional crypto exchanges and 
actually help to strengthen their trading volume and liquidity.

A proven track record across our team/advisory board and a historical 
competence in providing market leading products prove our competence around 
complex issues of scalability, security and data management - all of which have 
been addressed as part of an extensive R&D process over the past 18 months.

Here, we illustrate a direct comparison between STeX and Binance, whose success 
in gaining market share through optimization of user experience, integration of 
high performance order settlement technology and promotions for zero fees has 
earned them significant market share within a short time span, something we are 
looking to emulate with our offering.

STeX.exchange provides:

  Real-world financial instruments never before seen in crypto exchanges
  The highest liquidity of any cryptocurrency exchange
  The best rates available, aggregating from all major exchanges
  10,000 cross rates between the top 100 coins in Beta release
  Access to advanced order types and intuitive trade automation tools
  ‘Trustless’ trading - our exchange managers have 0 access to your account
  funds



Direct comparison with Binance

Successful 
entrepreneurial 

experience, has done 
large-scale systems, 
traditional financial 

background

STeX

Successful 
entrepreneurial

experience, a wide 
network in the crypto 

community

Founders /
team members

Binance

On par

Available worldwideAvailable worldwideWorldwide
availability

On par

over 100 most popular
tokens

Dozens of tokens 
supported

Currencies STeX - 
winner

Reduce trading fees by 
50% using A2A token

Special commission-free 
order types for all users

Reduce trading fees by 
50% using token

Trading fees           
discount

STeX - 
winner

Futures, margin 
trading, options, etc

NoFinancial
instruments

STeX - 
clear winner

Automatic exchange 
aggregation patterns, 

liquidity excellent

GoodLiquidity STEX - 
winner

All major languages 
will be supported

Language support for 
all major languages

Multilingual On par

2018 Q1 Alpha releaseHas been operating 
for three months

Exchange Binance

Evaluation



Road Map
August, 2017

Crowdfunding

We have already created a new concept of exchange system and basic 
market-making algorithms, differentiating our project from any other 
in the current market. The key advantage of the STeX platform are our 
HFT algorithms - uniquely positioning us to provide more liquidity on 
a coin-to-coin exchange than has ever been seen from a single 
platform. The result of which for the end user will be much narrower 
spreads between buy and sell offers, and the ability to trade much 
larger amounts from a single trading account. Our DEEP blockchain 
visualizer and AML/KYC investigation tool was released on August, 
23rd - deep.stex.exchange

https://deep.stex.exchange

Crowdfunding reached the maximum limit of 15,000 ETH

6

September, 2017
Crowdfunding hard 

capped at 15,000 ETH

October, 2017
Modules development



November, 2017
Crowdfunding

stage 2

High speed API, internal algorithms and protocols are ready. 
Crowdfunding stage 2 starts.

December, 2017
Alpha 

development

Within the next two months the system's core with all the 
algorithms will be ready and tested under load. At this stage we 
will also invite users to join STeX testers program.

February, 2018
Front-end 

Production

New adaptive layout interface has been developed. The internal 
modules development has been completed, 20 main blockchains 
was connected to the system using STeX's own nodes. The final 
stage of the development has begun.

A separate module of the STeX system was developed and 
released as a fully functional addit ional service at 
gateway.SteX.exchange - an Instant Exchange Gateway. An 
improved whitepaper was published and official explainer videos 
have been released. All systems are revised and corrected 
according to advisors and community feedback.

https://gateway.SteX.exchange



March, 2018 STeX Exchange Alpha release is scheduled to March 27, 2018 
14:00 GMT. Users can sing up and trade on the exchange. Mobile 
interface development in progress. Public API development in 
progress.

April 5, 2018
A2A tokens ICO

STeX A2A ICO is scheduled to April, 5 2018 05:00 GMT.
Do not miss the opportunity to get A2A tokens with the maximum 
bonuses from the very beginning and wipe out huge part from 
your trading commissions! Unlock professional features on STeX 
holding A2A tokens. Get 50% discount on fees paid in A2A tokens. 
Enjoy tier structure discount system based on A2A accounting.

Q3, 2018 Additional trading and investment services.

Q2, 2018
Beta release

A user-friendly web-based client with the highest level of security 
access control - taken from real world trading terminals - will 
provide instant access to the biggest choice of coins and tokens 
with worldwide best bid & ask. The key concept is this - you'll 
need just one account to get access to thousands of markets and 
trading pairs at the lowest rates. Behind the scenes is a fully 
automated system that takes care of all details. You can choose 
either segregated storage under your full control and protection 
or a common account - giving you maximum flexibility and 
leverage.

https://gateway.SteX.exchange



Imagine an orchestra with a conductor. Each instrument is a separate 
coin server, playing its own part in the symphony.
The core (conductor) makes them all work together perfectly 
synchronized. If the core is down, this role is transferred to a spare 
conductor waiting nearby, or even to one of the musicians.
If some musician it not fast enough to play all the tunes in time, we 
can add another with the same instrument so that they could share the 
task. Each task is totally independent and can be performed on a 
separate server. Or, if need be, on hundreds of such servers. And all that 
is automated in the STeX Cloud.
A2A tokens are used as an intermediary to evaluate every listed coin 
and create a matching pair of orders in the system's core.

A2A Technology
Our A2A decentralized technology allows us to support thousands of 
cross rates simultaneously with efficient resource usage. We process all 
cross-rates in A2A Cloud, with virtually unlimited ability of horizontal 
scaling.

7



A2A Tokens

A2A tokens are used as an intermediary in every trade on STeX using A2A 
technology. The problem is that while working with hundreds of different assets, 
you need a measurement system to evaluate all the tokens in order to create 
cross-rates, calculate commissions, do all the internal accounting. So, we used an 
additional token for that purpose. It was designed with self-balancing supply 
capabilities ruled by the smart contract on the Ethereum network and internal 
market making pool in other currencies on STeX platform.

Furthermore, we have a promotional system to attract users and make their 
trading activities more profitable (especially, for active traders who may suffer 
from turnaround commissions).
By mixing these two concepts together, we have created a STeX utility token 
named A2A after the technology Any2Any we invented and used to create 10,000 
cross-rates.

The additional utility function of this token is to provide an easy to account tier 
system for commission discount for all users on the STeX exchange. There are no 
passive income opportunities, no profit sharing in the A2A token, and, at the same 
time, it should be very attractive for the users to buy, use and hold in order to get 
extra discounts and unlock the professional features on STeX which will be 
available only for professional traders with a sufficient amount of commissions 
paid to the system.

The A2A tokens supply available during the ICO is limited by 500,000,000 A2A 
tokens. All undistributed tokens will be burned after the end of the A2A ICO. In 
case of hard-cap, additional 100,000,000 will be issued for the project owners, 
bounty, airdrops, partners and market making liquidity pool. Please see chapter 
10 for details. There is no soft cap, as the project has all the funds required for 
completion  and almost any amount of the A2A tokens in the circulation is good 
for the system beause of the sefl-balancing feature.

The A2A token has 8 decimals.

8



From every commission paid to STeX, 70% of A2A are sold on the open market at 
current prices and become STeX's income. The remaining 30% are immediately 
transferred to the smart-contract known as A2A SHOP to be sold from that 
contract at the all-time high price, 0.1% higher than previouse sale from the 
contract. The funds from the sales of A2A tokens via the smart contract are 
accounted for as STeX income. It is almost as effective a price balancing system 
as a buy-and-burn option, but instead of the project's profits in BNB token (which 
can be unstable, as the exchange may have expences exceeding collected 
commissions) it is linked to the total trading amount on the STeX platform 
without the necessity of burning.

When the price of A2A goes down (and it will at some point, as it is a free 
market), the circulation supply will be temporarily reduced every day by the 30% 
from daily commissions paid to the exchange. Lower A2A prices will result in 
bigger absolute amounts of A2A transferred to the smart contract. In an extreme 
case, the demand for A2A, needed to be bought to process the ongoing 
transactions, can exceed the total circulation supply and the price will 
immediately rise to the level of the current sale price in the A2A SHOP. This 
system gives us an assurance that any A2A dump will be simply a perfect trading 
opportunity, and the token itself might become a very attractive trading 
instrument.

A2A token that will give users an opportunity to reduce their trading fees by up 
to 50% through paying commissions with it, and will increase user's discount 
based on the amount of the commissions paid to the system and on the amount 
of time that you hold the token on your account. As a proof of concept, you can 
look at BNB Binance token which has a similar structure and purpose.
To match cryptocurrency market growth and provide additional long-term 
stability to the token, we also have a mechanism that balances the prices of the 
A2A token.



A2A Token holders' 
benefits

Unlike some similar tokens (BNB, for example) A2A tokens will never lose all 
their discount potential and will stay attractive for the users. The maximum 
50% discount will always be available for the users meeting special conditions 
to unlock higher discount rates, like the amount and time of the A2A tokens 
being held, the amount of daily and/or monthly commissions paid, etc.

Additionally, we expect A2A token to be seen as an attractive short- and long-
term trading asset, which will increase the demand as well.

In the first year of operations ALL users will get a 50% discount regardless of 
the conditions, and in the following years such unconditional discount will be 
as folows:

A2A token holders can get a discount of up to 50% if they pay fees on STeX 
platform in A2A tokens from their internal A2A balance.

50%

Maximum Discount

50%Year 1

Default discount for all 
users

50%35%Year 2

50%25%Year 3

50%20%Year 4

50%10%
Year 5

and over

9



A2A Token ICO

10.1 ICO Terms And Conditions

The rules, the conditions and the duration of each of the ICO Stages will be 
described at https://stex.exchange/ico before the beginning of the each stage. All 
Ethereum transactions in the amount less than 0.1 ETH will be rejected by our 
smart-contract.

A2A is a native token in STeX platform, the safest way to keep them is to hold on 
your STeX exchange account (full KYC verification is recommended). Also, the A2A 
tokens are issued on the Ethereum blockchain by the ERC20 smart-contract 
during the ICO in exchange of ETH received by the smart-contract, and will be 
send to your address immediately after the ETH transfer within same transaction.

Also, you can buy A2A tokens with Bitcoins, Dash, zCash, Ripple using instructions 
on the https://stex.exchange/ico page. Tokens can be credited to your STeX 
account or to your Ethereum address.

You can start using A2A tokens on your STeX account for paying commissions 
with discount immediately after it will be credited with A2A tokens. However, free 
token transfers in blockchain are restricted till the end of the ICO.

http://stex.exchange/stecalculator

http://stex.exchange/stecalculator

10



10.2 ICO Tokens distribution

In addition to the amount of the A2A tokens exchanged during the ICO process 
for the different cryptocurrencies and tokens, 10% of such exchanged amount of 
A2A tokens will be issued and distributed between STeX project owners.

On top of the described amount, 10% of the amount of the A2A tokens exchanged 
during the ICO process are reserved for bounty, airdrops, advisors and strategic 
partners of the STeX project.

The minimum amount of 200,000,000 A2A tokens must be exchanged during the 
ICO. If the desired amount will not be reached during the ICO, the market making 
pool will be topped up with all undistributed A2A tokens remained to reach this 
200,000,000 limit and will be reserved in the market making pool for the future 
distributions in response to the future userbase growth.

In case there are some undistributed tokens left at the end of the ICO, 5% of the 
total final supply will be donated to the market making pool on STeX Exchange 
and other exchanges to provide sufficient liquidity for A2A tokens on the market 
and the rest will be burned at the end of the ICO.

Considering all the above, the total number of the A2A tokens available for 
exchange during the ICO is 500,000,000. The maximum total supply in case the 
ICO will be hard-capped is 600,000,000 A2A tokens.



Use of ICO Funds
Below is the intended use of funds collected during the ICO. It is based 
on the assumption that at least 30,000 ETH will be collected during 
the ICO. Final proportions may differ due to the fixed costs in some 
cases.

11

25% - Liquidity pool

15% - Research, development 

and infrastructure

10% - Legalization

20% - Project marketing (partnership 

program, bounty program, special 

promotion campaigns, corporate 

promotional activities)

15% - ICO marketing (partnership 

program, bounty program, special 

promotion campaigns, existing

agreements)

10% - A2A Market Making pool

5% - Contingency fund

Liquidity pool

Project marketing

Research & development

Legalization

A2A Market Making pool

Contingency fund

ICO marketing



Legalization

Smart Token Exchange Ltd was incorporated in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, 
due it being the fastest jurisdiction in which to incorporate that kind of business. 
However, to be able to make fiat deposits and withdrawals, we need to 
incorporate legal entities in the EU, USA and many other countries, and get all 
the necessary licenses according to the local laws and regulations.

We expect this process to be completed in 3-5 years from 
launch. Many procedures must be in place including well 

trained staff to fit regulators requirements.

12



The Team
We are trading professionals with years of experience in developing 
sophisticated trading algorithms for private hedge funds and brokers. 
We have profound understanding of all the needs of professional 
traders and we are not satisfied by what we can get out of the current 
market state in cryptocurrency exchange and trading.

We are a strong and experienced team both in technical terms and in building 
successful startups. Each member has a unique character trait that, when 
combined together with those of other members, creates a perfect synergy. This 
ensures that the probability of our success is very high. We have years of 
demonstratable experience in this field and are eager to put that to use in the 
ambitious STeX project.

36 years old. A founder of the renowned KeyCAPTCHA (www.keycaptcha.com) 
which was a candidate for buyout by Google, Nick worked as a technical director, 
architect and a team lead. Since its creation in October 2010 KeyCAPTCHA project 
has had 99.99% uptime up to the present. It has more than 40 million users a 
month and protects more than 20,000 sites from spammers around the globe. 
KeyCAPTCHA is being used by well-known companies such as TeamViewer, ESET, 
BinDB, Bethesda (publisher of Fallout, Doom, Elder games), SamMobile (one of 
the world's largest portals about smartphones).
A computer genius. Started programming when he was nine years old. 
Programming Languages: C++ (GNU C, Watcom), C#, Assembler x86 (including x64, 
SSE, MMX), Python, PHP, JavaScript, Transact SQL, SQL, ECLiPSe Prolog, MQL (4,5), 
Delphi, HTML5, CSS3. 
Database management systems: MS SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, 
Cassandra, LevelDB, CouchDB. Including working with large volumes of data. 

www.keycaptcha.com

Nicholas 
Price

CEO and CTO

13



Web servers: Nginx, Apache. Virtualization: Microsoft Azure, VMWare, HYPER-V. 
Other skills: NoSQL, MapReduce, Django and other Python frameworks, NodeJS, 
jQuery, Bootstrap, Blockchain, Neural Networks, Parallel computing, Big Data, Data 
Mining.

Large experience in developing cross-platform applications for Windows, Mac, 
Linux and mobile applications for Android and iPhone.
Has experience in the design and implementation of highly loaded systems 
(horizontal scaling - millions of users per day). Deep knowledge in the 
development of cryptocurrency inter-exchange arbitration systems. Highly 
experienced in management of large databases (billions of records, hundreds of 
gigabytes).
From 2013 until present, Nick has been working on lead generation service in VK 
social network (Electron(NodeJS) + Python(Django) + MySQL). As well as 
optimizing high load systems to work with databases having billions of entries in 
social graphs.

43 years old. CFO, Compliance and Legal Department, experience in crisis 
management, building successful startups and marketing. In the last 10 years 
Ivan developed many projects from websites network to vast variety of stock 
trading instruments for private companies, including backtesters, statistical 
analysis tools and so on. Managed online retail distribution networks for various 
businesses from 2008-2016. Ivan catches the gist on the fly, is absolutely 
balanced emotionally and has the ability to focus on multiple tasks 
simultaneously and find non-standard solutions.

Expert in market-making activities, development of HFT algorithms, stress testing 
of trading systems, bias-free backtesting, practical knowledge of statistics, 
quantitative trading methods, profound technical analysis, deep understanding of 
market cycles, value and growth investor, algo-trader, php, c++ programmer.

Although Ivan does not tend to be a public person, some of his webinars on 
statistical trading and practical use of genetic evolutionary algorithms in 
developing trading systems can be found on Youtube.

Ivan 
Mityaev

CFO Compliance and 
Legal Department



Maxim is the person who will be responsible for timing, resources and the 
projects’ risks. This is where he can be trusted - due to having over 12 years 
experience in this field. It is important to note that all the projects for which Max 
was responsible were all delivered on time and became profitable.

36 years old, project manager. He possesses the unique ability to systematize and 
sort out any chaos. He managed development teams for companies in various 
fields; from web studios to the banking sector. He is the co-founder of 
KeyCAPTCHA service. Max has known Nikolas Prays for 21 years and during this 
period an unprecedented level of mutual understanding has developed between 
the two.

In KeyCAPTCHA, Max served as CBDO and Product manager. From the significant 
achievements in the project, one can note the entry into the largest Russian 
accelerator IIDF as well as buyout negotiations with Google.

Max also managed the development of a large banking software with distributed 
database, which was successfully implemented and operated in 4 regions of 
Russia, located at a distance of 4000 km from each other.

Expert: Team building, Project management, Scrum, Lean Startup, Help Desk, Risk 
management, Team motivation, Conflict resolution.

Maksim 
Vladykin

CPO and
Project Manager



Advisors
14

Serguei
Popov

Professor of the University of Campinas, Brazil
PHD in Math

Mark
Zhong

Expert in Unix system, IT PM, MBA, Six Sigma Green
Belt Project Leader

Serguei Popov is also one of the founders of IOTA and WINGS projects. 

He will advise on stochastic processes (in particular, discrete-time Markov chains 
and Brownian motion) for market modeling.

Serguei is a research mathematician working in the field of Stochastic Processes 
and living in Brazil. He became interested in crypto in the end of 2013, and made 
a number of contributions to the theoretical aspects of the Nxt cryptocurrency 
and PoS in general. More research publications from Prof. Popov can be found 
here.

More than 14 years UNIX admin and IT project management experience in 
fortune 500 MNC (like HP). 

Mark has experience in many big telecom level projects, based on Linux cluster 
and Oracle DB to support 20 Million users above. And once played a key role in a 
Hugh IT Data Center migration project in USA, Help moved 5000 UNIX servers 
and 30 EMC storage clusters from San Jose to Vegas in 3 days.



Gigi
Janelidze

Expert in UI/UX and design
Ex Art Director / Lead Designer in Yandex. 
Head and co-founder of the TOPOS Studio. 

Gigi will advise STeX on how to build its tools and interfaces with a user-first 
approach.

Gigi has a proven track record of bringing professional and engaging products to 
life across many different industries. He is able to quickly detect potential 
usability and UX issues at a glance even before a product goes out to testing - a 
skill that STeX will make use of to consistently deliver top-notch products on or 
before schedule. Gigi has worked closely with the STeX team already, delivering a 
top-quality whitepaper and website design.



The Project

The key concept is this - you'll need just one account to get access to 
thousands of markets and trading pairs at the lowest rates. Behind the 
scenes is a fully automated system that takes care of all details. You 
can choose either segregated storage under your full control and 
protection or a common account - giving you maximum flexibility and 
leverage.

Our idea is simple yet extremely complex at the same time.
We are going to bring the full force and scope of traditional financial market 
instruments to cryptocurrency. Liquidity. Cross-rates. Futures. Leverage. Options.  
An out-of-the-box, all in one trading platform for Investors and Managers.

More importantly, we will bring freedom to traders by 
providing them with the tools to choose any role they 
desire in this new reality.

15



Open your own asset management business in just one click - or choose one to 
invest in. Scan the market for successful traders and managers with your own 
criteria - or set your own rules to attract investors - in a fully secured and 
protected platform. The business model is simple and more secure than most 
known blockchain-based projects.

Whether you want a simple coin-to-coin exchange or intraday trading - we will 
provide planet-wide best rates for thousands of trading pairs - as well as much 
better liquidity than has ever been seen before. Our sophisticated arbitrage 
algorithms and unique platform architecture make sure of it.
A user-friendly web-based interface with the highest level of security access 
control, taken from real-world trading terminals, will provide instant access to 
the biggest choice of coins and tokens with worldwide best bid & ask prices.
We are going to bring futures and options to cryptocurrency trading. If you are 
new to financial markets - this provides a more professional and effective way of 
trading securities than direct-trade, because of built-in leverage. With futures you 
can open a position in a coin - covering just a fraction of it as a deposit - and still 
keep 100% of the profits.



FAQ: How it Works

Which wallet should I use to store tokens?

A2A is a crosschain token issued on STeX platform and Ethereum 
blockchain. Token holders can easily store and manage their A2A tokens 
using existing Ethereum clients including official Ethereum wallets like 
MyEtherWallet, Metamask, Parity, Mist or Ledger (hardware wallet) or keep 
them on their STeX accounts.

16

1

Can I participate in the ICO without creating an Ethereum 
address?

Yes, you can hold A2A tokens on your STeX Exchange account forever, you 
will be able to withdraw A2A tokens to the supported blockchains any time 
you want.

2

Can I participate in the crowdsale from my exchange 
wallet?

Don't send currencies from an exchange! If you do so, you may not be able 
to retrieve your tokens.

3

Can I buy A2A tokens by BTC or other cryptocurrency 
instead of ETH?

Yes, please read the instructions on the ICO page:
https://stex.exchange/ico

4



Can U.S. or Hong Kong citizens participate in the token 
sale event? What about residents of other countries?

No, as far as we know residents of the United States can't participate in 
the A2A tokens distribution because of the US laws. You can participate 
in the STeX ICO if you are neither a Hong Kong or U.S. citizen or 
permanent resident of the United States, nor have a primary residence 
or domicile in the United States, including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin 
Islands, and any other overseas territories of the United States.

Additionaly, as we have no ability to check participants residency 
because of blockhain technology used in Ethereum network, and/or 
their country regulations, final decision about legal ability to join this 
project as an A2A token holder must be made by participants 
themselves.

5

Will tokens be available on the exchanges after the ICO 
ends?

Yes, right after ICO end A2A become tradable at STeX exchange against 
all listed coins and later on some other exchanges.

6

There is no Adress (like country, living adress)?

Smart Token Exchange Ltd was incorporated in SVG.

7

How to add A2A tokens to MyEtherWallet?8

Push on the “Add Custom Token" button



What if you won't sell all tokens?9

Fill the form and push on the “Save" button

Now you can see balance in MyEtherWallet!

Unsold extra tokens will be burned after the ICO.

Address: 0xaE56*****************************6Fda

Symbol: A2A

Decimals: 8



stex.exchangehttps://stex.exchange


