













































Global marketplace based on Blockchain
for small-scale business

2017  I  ver. 2.25

Token White Paper



Introduction 3

Issues 6
 Target audience 6
 Small-scale producer issues 6
 Online shop customer issues 8

Market overview  9

Our solution  — Storiqa 15
 Why do we need the Blockchain? 17
 Why do sellers need Storiqa? 18
 Why do buyers need Storiqa? 22

Platform Operation Principles  23
 Storiqa rates for sellers 25

STQ tokens 27
 Use of STQ tokens 27
 Transmission of the project development to the STQ token rates 28
 Cryptocurrency exchange listing 29

Token Sale 30
 Become a Campaign Member 32
 Token Sale Bonus system 33

Project team 35

Advisory board  36

Project roadmap 40

Contents



3

The position of cryptocurrency in today’s world is growing rapidly: the combined 
market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies has increased more than threefold since 
early 2016, reaching almost $150 billion in August 2017. According to the latest data, 
the current number of unique active users of cryptocurrency wallets is estimated to 
be about 6 million. Thus, the application of cryptocurrency becomes an important 
issue.

If cryptocurrency is designed to be a means of payment, then what can you buy 
with it right now? There are precedents of people using bitcoins to buy real estate 
and conduct other financial transactions, and each notable use of cryptocurrency 
becomes an event in the cryptofield and brings society closer
to the widespread use of such currencies. 

But can you actually buy something from another person using bitcoins or 
“altcoins”? 

Even though more and more outlets and merchants are beginning to accept 
cryptocurrency as a means of payment, anyone in possession of a sum of bitcoins or 
“altcoins” can still not use them in day-to-day financial operations.

The idea of creating a marketplace came to the project team after a crowdfunding 
platform where small-scale productions and startups find crowdfunding for the 
development of their projects and realization of their own ideas.

In the space of 5 years, Boomstarter has helped fund more than 1,500 projects 
that have subsequently become full-fledged, profitable business ventures. That was 
when we found out that small-scale productions with real potential have no viable 
way of breaking into a global market. Through supervising and studying their work 
from inside we realized what impedes them from participating
in global trade.

1 — https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/

2 — «Global Cryptocurrency Benchmarking Study», Dr Garrick Hileman & Michel Rauchs, Cambridge Centre 

for Alternative Finance, 2017.

Introduction



4

The main reasons for the failures by scaling:

 Lack of customer’s confidence in an unknown seller who offers goods
 of unconfirmed quality;

 Impossibility of providing the service at the level of an international company;

 Lack of multilingual twenty-four-hour customer support;

 Lack of skillful ‘package’ of goods and multilingual localization;

 Lack of international marketing knowledge.

 We realized that small-scale producers all over the world need a place  
 for further development and product launch to the international 
 market.

Building a system of e-commerce business is quite a sophisticated problem. The 
company has to spend a lot of resources on creating of a team and channels of 
distribution. In addition, one should know how to promote a product in light of 
trends and specificity of a particular market.

With an easy-to-use online store builder, any seller will be able to create their 
own storefront to sell their goods, while making use of the platform’s wide range 
of features for a minimal fee. Our service offers great opportunities for self-
employed entrepreneurs, small-scale manufacturers, family businesses and makers 

E-commerce

Upkeep of a staff developer team

Costly development of channels of 
distribution (website, IOS applications, 
Android, Windows Phone, social media)

Independent advertising management

Problem of worldwide 24/7 customer 
support 

Marketplace 

A unified ready-to-use interface 

Twenty-four-hour customer support 

Marketing expenses reduction

Assistance in product presentation
and localization



5

of handmade crafts, such as a selection of tools for direct customer feedback, 
bookkeeping, sales analysis, advertising and promotion, as well as
a convenient, user-friendly interface.

The online store builder which allows to build a multiplatform online sales channel 
and able to stimulate the promotion is an outstanding solution for any business. 
Such builder provides a ready-to-use interface and favours the development of the 
e-commerce through the high-quality service. 

The mission of such platforms consists in creating the environment where any user 
could manage to create a personal online shop and get the technical support without 
wasting his or her time on the activities which may distract from the production of 
high-quality goods.

However, the market does not have solution which would combine an advanced 
system of e-commerce and new technology such as smart contracts, cryptocurrency 
payments, multiplatform integration and comprehensive twenty-four-hour customer 
support.

 Storiqa is a marketplace platform designed to allow anyone to create 
 an online store that will make good use of the most advanced 
 technologies in the e-commerce field, including the option to pay for 
 goods with cryptocurrencies and STQ tokens.

Our aim is to connect producers all over the world and supply business with the 
necessary tools for launching of one-of-a-kind merchandise to the global market 
with minimal transaction fees and without any financial borders, intermediaries or 
annoying bureaucratic routine. 

We will unite producers from all over the world in order to create our own economical 
ecosystem that will take e-commerce to a new level.

Storiqa Team.

Our aim is to offer such
a solution to business!



6

Issues
Although the e-commerce field is growing rapidly, getting started with selling your 
goods and services online is a daunting task.

The business owner has to use his/her resources ineffectively: to spend time on the 
online shop management and to conduct advertising campaigns without assistance.

What’s worse, of small-scale producers getting into a global market requires consid-
erable investments at the early stage and further monthly expenses for the mainte-
nance of the online shop operations. Besides, the manufacture faces bureaucratic 
difficulties and transaction fees when conducting international payments. Few small-
scale productions can meet that kind of financial demand and be ready to face the 
risks related to international sales and entering the new markets.

Target audience

Typical small-scale producers usually turn out about 50 product items and work in 
the local or regional market. The staff of such a company includes from two to ten 
people. Each of them combines several responsibilities and functions inside the com-
pany. Customer support and marketing are often managed by the business owner 
or one or two employees.

Small-scale producer issues

The main issues addressed by business owners when getting into the interna-
tional market are as follows:

 Lack of twenty-four-hour multilingual customer support.
Selling your goods internationally means being able to keep the buyer-seller  feed-
back line open at all times in order to be able to assist customers in different time 
zones — and the lack of live customer support makes communication much less 
effective;



7

Lack of localization. 
Small-scale producers are not able to present the translation of product descrip-
tions and features taking into consideration the specificity of various countries 
which renders the launch to the international market impossible;

High fees at the existing platforms and various charges of payment systems. 
The existing platforms withhold a considerable part of the cost, let alone payment 
system and conversion charges, transaction fees and taxes;

Lack of customer’s confidence in an unknown seller. 
The customer prefers verified sellers who offer goods of confirmed quality, while 
the unknown sellers with no reputation have to compete with them; 

Lack of proper “online sales pitch” for items. 
Each purchase, especially the one made online, is based on many parameters. The 
lack of the product description, parameters, good-quality photos, video overviews 
and customer reviews negatively impact sales;

Impossibility of automatization. 
In addition to the all of the above issues, the small-scale manufacture owner is not 
ready technologically to make the online store completely automatic; 

Competition with global corporations. 
International corporations have a wide range of tools for marketing high-quality 
goods across the globe at their disposal, which small-scale productions do not 
have access to, making it impossible for them to go global;

Cash deficiency. 
Businesses receive money from sales only after a certain delay, and increasing 
sales without factoring this into the equation will sooner or later prove to be an 
impossible task. 



8

Online shop customer issues

On the other hand, the list of issues related to the buyer’s experience with 
small-scale producers is also quite long:

Goods search. 
A great deal of unique goods made by small-scale producers have no adequate 
descriptions or photos, which hampers the search of the desired product. Be-
sides, many good-quality items of small-scale production cannot be ordered on-
line at all;

Lack of proper “online sales pitch”. 
Because of the lack of skillful presentation materials the customer cannot get a 
full overview of a product and as a result declines the purchase;

Lack of reliable reviews. 
Without any way to confirm the authenticity of reviews posted on custom-made 
sites of online stores, customers are unable to form a true-to-life impression 
about the product;

Lack of guarantees. 
Many online stores offer goods on an upfront fee basis, but not all customers are 
ready to risk sending money to an unfamiliar online shop which can turn out to be 
a short-lived website.



9

Market overview
Under conditions of global economic growth, the online retail is gradually capturing its 
share of the international market of retail and enlarging the number of e-commerce 
platforms users both among customers and among sellers.

The world e-commerce is getting a boost, with the turnover
of $2.2 trillion expected by 2018. Rate of increase is 20%.

Each year the number of people who regularly shop online keeps growing. According to 
the Global E-commerce Report marketing study by Nielsen (a company focused on the 
FMCG industry marketing measurements), the number of online shoppers increases 
annually by an average of 16% and now it amounts to 1.66 billion worldwide.

There are more than 1.5 billion customers of online marketplaces
in the world:

* — Source: Statista. B2C e-commerce sales worldwide research.

Global e-commerce turnover ($ trillions).

2013

2500

1875

1250

0

625

2014 2015 2016 2017 2018*

900
1 100

1 490
1 850

2 000
2 240

+248%

Number of customers by years (billions)

2014 2015 2016 2017 2018* 2019* 2020*

2,10

1,85

1,60

1,10

1,35



10

The volume of the global e-commerce amounts to trillions of dollars annually. The 
leaders in expenditure are China, USA, Great Britain and Japan.

In view of the consumer demand in the e-commerce field, more and more small 
and medium companies need the assistance of marketplaces for launching their 
products to new markets and attracting new clients.

The huge volume of the global market stimulates sellers to enter
the international platforms:
Volume of B2C e-commerce markets ($ billions)

Source: Statista. B2C e-commerce sales worldwide research.

Still for the majority of small enterprises the barriers to entry are hardly superable 
and the marketing budget expenses appear to be an unattainable luxury.

2500 500 750 1000

China
USA
UK
Japan
France
Germany
South Korea
Canada
India
Russia

2016 2015



11

Marketplaces, in their turn, help solve this problem and offer a lot of benefits 
both for sellers and for customers:

Though online marketplaces have already caught on among sellers it is still 
expensive for small-scale producers to set up a shop there:

Blanket fees of the platform and sale charges eat off a considerable part of the 
sellers’ receipts;

Expenses for the registration and establishment of the enterprise in the country 
where the platform is located in. The expenses of this kind are typical for Chinese 
marketplaces;

Applying other formal procedures necessary for the start of trade;

Large clienteleOpportunity to sell
various goods

Access to the global
market

With low investments, 
the trade at the large 

marketplaces gives the 
access to the resources 

of a huge market 
segment.

The choice and variety of 
goods is extremely vast 

at the large 
marketplaces. This 
makes it possible

to expand the range
of goods in each single 

store.

Entering the market 
with use of e-commerce 

services the seller 
obtains the access to

a broaden client base.

Payment
convenience

Marketing cost
reduction

Thanks to the 
incorporated marketing 

tools the advertising 
support costs less.

Thanks to modern ways 
of receiving 

international payments, 
the sellers will be able to 
obtain the pays form all 

over the world.



12

Additional fees of the payment systems which marketplace works with
(besides acquiring payment systems);

Marketing and advertising costs which are necessary for traffic building.

Approximate cost of online shop establishment and operation at various 
platforms (USD):

Source: Statista. B2C e-commerce sales worldwide research.

* — Generation Y

Marketplace users have their own preferences and habits, depending on their 
affiliation to a certain consumer group and on the country of origin.

Note also three main factors which online shoppers pay attention to:

70% of customers named the price as the main criterion for selection of goods in 
online stores;

80% of customers pay attention to the delivery cost and speed;

71% of customers take into account sales and promotional offers, when shopping;

Ebay

11000

8250

5500

2750

0

Amazon AliExpress Shopify Rakuten Storiqa

95% 67%
54%

95% of Americans
have shopped online

in the last year

67% Millenials* prefer 
to make purchases

in online shops than
in the offline ones

54% of clothes, shoe and 
accessory purchases 
have been made via 

marketplaces in 2017



13

$1 600 — an average annual expense sum of an online shopper;

$648 billion — market capitalization of the most popular e-commerce platforms.

Source: Ecommerce Foundation, 2016

According to the forecast of the eMarketer research agency, the market share of 
e-commerce companies in global retail trade is expected to increase and will have 
reached 15% by 2021. Thus, e-commerce is exhibiting considerable influence on the 
development of global trade.

Market share of e-commerce companies in retail trade:

* — Source:  Worldwide; eMarketer; 2015 to 2016

 It is important that 45% of brand-name item purchases have been 
 made in 2017 via marketplaces, not in the official online shops of the 
 brands.

According to the study “Unlock the Secrets to Building Your Global Ecommerce 
Business” conducted by the Payoneer payment system which provide worldwide 
payments for e-commerce market leaders, 41% of the companies presented at more 
than one platform, get the annual revenue equal to more than $150 thousand, while 
only 17% of companies operating at one platform obtain similar results.

According to the sellers, each platform has its own comparative advantages, that is 
why the companies have to operate at various platforms.

2015 2016 2017 2018* 2019* 2020* 2021*

16%

12%

8%

0%

4%



14

The main criteria for marketplace selection:

Focus on quality products;

Large amount of traffic;

Simple and fair rules;

Support.

In the respondents’ view, payment security is the most important factor when 
choosing a payment system. Low rates and payment speed are also quite significant 
for the sellers.

Factors affecting payment system choice:

 Combining all the benefits of marketplaces at one platform creates
 a comparative advantage over other market offers both for  
 customers and sellers.

 Decentralization and the opportunities presented by the use of 
 cryptocurrency in the project can cover the needs in speed, global 
 market access, and transaction security.

Security

40%

30%

20%

0%

10%

Fees Speed Easy of operation Support



15

Our solution — Storiqa
Storiqa is a platform created for buyers and sellers all over the world. With an easy-
to-use online store builder, any seller is able to create their own storefront to sell 
their goods, while making use of the platform’s wide range of features for a minimal 
fee.  

Our service offers great opportunities for self-employed entrepreneurs, small-
scale manufacturers, family businesses and makers of handmade crafts, including 
a selection of tools for direct customer feedback, bookkeeping, sales analysis, 
advertising and promotion, as well as a convenient, user-friendly interface.  

Storiqa integrates all the necessary tools for starting the trade and promoting the 
products to other countries’ markets. This is useful not only for first-time entrepreneur 
and start-ups, but also for offline shops. An easy-to-use platform allows to create an 
online shop and manage it without additional expenses and staff. 

One of the main features of Storiqa is the use of blockchain technology, which allows 
to make the platform transparent, open and as safe as possible for both transaction 
parties, reduction of transaction costs and business costs, and simplification of the 
purchase process.

Decentralization, globalization and the opportunities presented by the use of 
cryptocurrency in the project are our competitive advantages over other business 
solutions existing in the market today.

Main advantages of the Storiqa platform:

 Extensive and easy-to-use service;

 Low fees;

 Low transaction costs;

 Detailed sales analysis;

 Advertising support of your business;

 Payment in popular cryptocurrencies (BTC, ETH, LTC etc.);



16

Comparative advantages of leading e-commerce platforms:

AliExpress Amazon Ebay Wix
constructor

BigCom-
merce

Shopify Storiqa

Globality

Comparison
criterion

24/7 customer
support

Cashback

Unique goods’
availability

Affiliate marketing

Possibility of product
localization

Transparent review
system

Cryptocurrency
payment available

Warehouse
management

 International markets access;

 Transparent and decentralized review system;

 Tools for customer communication and financial reporting;

 STQ token payment for goods and the platform services at special price; 

 CPA network with opinion leaders for product promotion.

The key part in the system is assigned to token. Paying for a purchase in tokens the 
customer may count on the best offer. The sellers’ need to pay the fees and other 
platform services in STQ will make hard basis for stable condition of token value.



17

Why do we need the Blockchain?

 Cryptocurrency payment and smart contract implementation.

Purchase payment in Storiqa is conducted directly and without any middleman in-
volved, in any convenient currency. The smart contract implementation and the use 
of blockchain makes the transactions as safe and fast as possible.

The smart contract transfers the money to the seller’s account only when the item 
has reached its destination. So the customer pays only after receiving the product, 
which increases his or her confidence in the service and makes online shopping 
more attractive.

Openness and transparency maintenance:

Transaction transparency ensured by the blockchain technology;

Honest customer reviews — only customers who actually bought an item (with 
a confirmed transaction) will be able to comment on their customer experience;

Token holders will get an access to the open-source statistics with real-time publi-
cation of important metrics of business processes and the platform development 
dynamics: purchases, the number of active stores and visitors, average receipt 
amount etc. This is the simplest and the most open way to monitor the platform 
development and forecast the increase of one’s bonuses due to STQ holding;

A platform-wide blockchain-based CPA network that guarantees transaction trans-
parency across all open offers and no holds — any webmaster will be able to see 
all purchases made through a referral link as recorded by the blockchain.

Security guarantee:

Safe purchase system: any customer can get a refund for a low-quality item at 
their sole discretion within 14 days* of purchase. This condition is included in 
each smart contract, and the money for the purchase will be refunded in cryp-
tocurrency using the current exchange rate (through a cryptocurrency exchange 
platform).

* — or depending on local laws.



18

Example of correlation of e-commerce sales markets sizes:

Why do sellers need Storiqa?
 

Low entry. 
We offer an efficient, simple, and low-cost set of tools with a clear interface, loyal 
client base, all to make your goods available internationally.

The possibility of entering the international market of consumables.
Small-scale manufactures may undergo significant structural changes in 
consequence of growing amount of orders and margin. Higher workload of 
the basic infrastructure will increase their profitability and allow to expand the 
production and develop the company. They will also get a competitive advantage 
in those regions where the sector they work in is developed poorly for some 
reason or another.

Example of correlation of e-commerce sales markets sizes:

Average local sales market size Global Market

1500

1000

0

500

$1 600 billion$65 billion

Marketing department
PR 3
SMM 2
SEO 1

Sales department      
For suppliers 3
For clients 2

Support
Multilingual support    3
Conflict managers 1

Management
Accounting department       3
Team Leaders 1

IT department      
Frontend  3
Backend 2

1

2



19

Small-scale producers have a small staff (at the average from three to five people) 
and limited budgets, and do not have the possibility of fund raising.

They cannot spend half a million 
dollars on business expansion
Storiqa supplies all the services necessary for expansion, entirely supplanting 
marketing, sales, communication, support and IT departments. The price is by 
orders of magnitude lower than the expenses the entrepreneur would incur 
in case of independent full team building.

Placing the goods at the Storiqa platform and paying the annual fee 
of 18000 STQ the seller obtains the capacity of an online shop whose 
operating expenses amount to $468,000.

The main factor which impedes the majority of small-scale producers from 
getting into the international market is a high financial entry barrier. It appears 
due to the necessity of building additional teams inside the project, whose 
responsibilities previously were often carried out by other employees (handling 
of rare (due to small amount) conflicts or formation of lease contract for a 
local billboard does not require the employment of additional staff). However, 
with the company amendment the employees become overloaded and fail to 
manage the increased amount of problems. At the same time the majority of 
companies cannot afford fund raising aimed at project development, and this 
problem stands in the way of business expansion.

Storiqa allows companies to solve the issue of non-core activities related to 
product promotion and to concentrate on the main goal, i.e. efficient increase 
of production volume and expenditure reduction due to the growing amount.

26 people Average rate of
$1500 per month

12 months $468 000

50 items

2 people

30 STQ per month

$750 per month

12 months

12 months

18 000 STQ

$18 000

3



20

8+ efficient and ready-to-use tools for successful sales, analysis, and customer 
feedback:

Advanced Customer Analysis Tools 
Storiqa offers the mechanisms to constantly gather, analyze, and process 
customer data. The key metrics will allow sellers to promptly adapt to any 
changes in demand, since Storiqa makes tracking customers and adjusting 
your current business model a simple and elegant experience.

Customer Feedback That Works
Storiqa offers a set of tools for effective buyer-seller communication. The 
main reason of refusing a purchase is the necessity to see/touch the product 
or, in other words, learn more about its features. Today’s customer wants to 
learn all the ins and outs of their purchase from the manufacturer directly, 
get involved in creating the unique product tailored to their wants and needs, 
and receive up-to-date information about any campaigns and offers straight 
from the source. Additionally, 30% of all customers prefer to place orders 
and ask any questions about their future purchase by phone. The integrated 
telephony allows to receive feedback calls from clients in two clicks, saving 
and playback of recorded calls, and monitoring of the performance of their 
call managers. Storiqa’s customer support tools make it possible to get your 
customer feedback lines up and running, and increase sales through direct 
interaction with your clients.

Integrated Marketing Tools
We help our clients attract new customers for increased sales growth 
through easy-to-use integration with the largest partner networks, as well as 
by offering a wide variety of tools to track customer experience in order to 
make each and every store more client-oriented. Furthermore, Storiqa is pre-
configured to work with many popular advertising platforms. Advertising and 
promotional expenses are automatically aggregated by our platform, which 
makes Storiqa incredibly useful for entrepreneurs.

4



21

Comprehensive support from the Storiqa team
Business owners can always get in touch with the platform developers using our 
24/7 support service, while any customer-related issues can and will be resolved 
with the help of Storiqa arbitration.

Items can be sold for cryptocurrency or any fiat currency alike
Sellers receive payment in the currency of their choosing, including cryptocur-
rency.

Storiqa Community Services  
Storiqa is a community of helpful people! You can get in touch with the commu-
nity to request description (with translations), photos and video and text reviews 
for the items you sell, using the platform’s tokens as a reward. Crowdsourcing 
is the foundation of the Storiqa community – our flexible system will let sellers 
choose the exact combination of community services or a full community pack-
age for their store. In addition, requesting presentation content for your items 
will mark them as verified, showing your customers that everything you sell was 
tested and approved by the likes of them.

Affiliate Marketing: Referral offers for reviewers   
In addition, we also add an option to earn rewards through spotlighting an item: 
bloggers, reviewers and other people with an audience can review goods sold 
through Storiqa and earn tokens through referral links for each item bought.
According to an inPowered sponsored Nielsen research, more often than not 
readers put their trust in reviews, test drives, reviewer articles and opinions of 
those who already owned and tried the item they want to buy.

 The research poll showed that:

85% customers decide on a purchase after studying “live” reviews;

67% are more likely to buy an item recommended by an expert in the field;

69% put their trust into detailed reviews.

These figures are more or less accurate for all online sale categories, from beau-
ty products to phones and consumer electronics. And another important note 
to take from this analysis: customers see reviews published on third-party sites 
as more trustworthy than in-store posted reviews.

5

6

7

8



22

On the one hand, quality reviews for all items in stores help small-scale pro-
ducers increase their online sales and earn the trust of their customers; on the 
other hand, there’s a great number of video reviewers looking for affiliate offers 
to develop their channels and boost viewership (since only 3 reviewers out of 
100 enjoy marketing revenues of any kind and as much as 50% of viewership 
traffic). Storiqa brings sellers and reviewers together. Reviewers can choose any 
item available through Storiqa and receive it for free in return for a review – in 
this way, things you sell will be deeply integrated into the reviewer’s content and 
way of presentation, increasing your revenue tenfold compared to conventional 
advertising!

Guaranteed influx of loyal customers 
Offering your goods for purchase using cryptocurrencies and STQ tokens will 
make your store accessible to a large audience of cryptocurrency holders; and, 
since cryptocurrencies and tokens are somewhat limited in their use, there 
will be a guaranteed customer base that will seek to exchange them for goods 
through Storiqa.

Factoring data using platform-wide store rating 
Storiqa will form a platform-wide store rating based on a number of factors, such 
as delivery speed, quality of items and customer reviews. We will be able to use 
this rating to supply our clients with the factoring data that will help them elimi-
nate cash deficiency as a problem.  

Loyalty program builder based on the proper CPA network
We offer sellers a tool for creating loyalty programs by selling their goods at a 
discount or giving them to the community via CPA networks, for example for 
a review or a video overview. The platform will also provide the presence of 
world-famous bloggers whom the Storiqa participants can send product promo-
tions offers to, and the promoted product sales interest.

Free test of the platform effectiveness
We offer our clients a 60-day free trial. In this period the company can carry out 
test placements of its products and ascertain the efficiency of the system.

Why do buyers need Storiqa?
 

Buying what you need from anywhere in the world 
Our platform will host millions of unique, tailor-made items created by small-
scale manufacturers that you will not be able to buy in any large-scale online 
store.

11

12

9

10

1



23

Any item can be bought for cryptocurrency or STQ tokens with minimal fees, while 
real-world currencies still remain relevant and valid.

Increased cashback when paying with STQ tokens, as well as discounts for pur-
chases made with the tokens.

Convenient and simple search for the goods you need
Storiqa offers an extensive catalog of items sold in stores across the platform 
with fine-tuned filters and categories, making finding the things you want to buy 
a simple experience. 

Guaranteed quality
Storiqa isn’t just another catchy name: the last two letters, QA, stand for Quality 
Assurance, and we mean it. We assume the responsibility of ensuring high qual-
ity service, and guarantee that the seller will send the buyer the exact item as 
described and outlined in the product description. 

Protecting customer interests and Storiqa arbitration
We guarantee the high quality of items offered through Storiqa. If an item is 
damaged during shipping, the buyer can request arbitration through Storiqa 
and request a full or partial refund (using the current exchange rate for crypto-
currency-paid orders) after a review. If the refunded order was paid with STQ to-
kens, you will be refunded the exact amount of tokens regardless of the current 
exchange rate.

Safe and secure smart contract deals  
When a transaction has been made, the seller can be sure that the buyer will 
receive their item(s) when and only when the it arrives at the destination. At the 
very moment that the seller sends the package, the buyer receives a tracking 
code, which will allow them to track their order real-time. The smart contract en-
sures that the money goes to the seller’s account only after the item has reached 
its destination. Failing that, the buyer will be eligible for a refund within 14 days*.

Honest reviews
The smart contract records the interaction between the buyer and the seller, 
ensuring all reviews come from people who actually bought the item.

5

3

4

6

7

8

2

* — or depending on local laws.



24

Platform Operation Principles 
After the project launch store owners and buyers will get access to the basic func-
tions. The seller will be able to offer their items through the general catalogue divid-
ing them into relevant categories as well as create an autonomous online shop.

The seller can customize a discount system (by percent or value). Once the manda-
tory fields on the main page (the store name, brief and full descriptions, warranty 
liabilities, delivery options and return policy, a logo, and a cover) and the catalogue 
(items with descriptions, prices, and covers) are completed, your store will be availa-
ble for the first orders.

Quality Assurance is an important part of the Storiqa system.  That’s what the last 
two letters of our name — QA — stand for. The buyer places an order through the 
platform and transfer the payment to a transit account not accessible to either the 
seller or Storiqa. Upon receiving the order the seller supplies the item in question to 
the special Storiqa warehouse, the Quality Assurance Department, where the item 
is checked for apparent defects, gets repacked and/or branded if necessary; there 
we also take pictures of the item. If the item does not possess the stated features 
or does not meet the quality requirements, it is returned to the seller. In case of 
successful verification the item is transferred to the logistics company chosen by 
the buyer and gets transport damage insurance at the expense of Storiqa. During 



25

the course of the delivery the buyer can track the item using a tracking code and get 
notifications via e-mail. The payment for the order is transferred almost immediately 
the moment the item is delivered because of the smart-contract system. Should any 
problems that are insured events occur during the course of transportation, the 
buyer and the seller automatically get a refund.

 Quality Assurance is an important part of the Storiqa system. 
 That’s what the last two letters of our name — QA — stand for.

1. Order placement
and payment. Transit account with

a blocked balance.

2. The item is supplied to the 
Storiqa warehouse after the 
order placement and the 
transfer of the payment to 
the transit account.

If the item does not possess 
the stated features or does not 
meet the quality requirements, 
it is returned to the seller.

3. The item is transferred 
to the logistics company 
chosen by the buyer and 
gets transport damage 
insurance at the expense 
of Storiqa.

4. The item is delivered to the 
buyer. Should any problems that 
are insured events occur during 
the course of transportation, the 
buyer and the seller 
automatically get a refund.

5. Funds transfer at the time the 
goods are received by the buyer 
through a smart contract.

Agents delivery interaction chart:

Storiqa offers a 24/7 support of both sellers and buyers. Also call can be recorded, 
which helps to resolve disputes easier and quicker.

Storiqa rates for sellers

Storiqa offers three rate plans and each of the three grants particular advantages 
while using the platform. After the project launch all the stores will be working at the 
Basic rate (1 STQ per 1 item per 24h). This rate plan includes all the basic functions 
of the marketplace: an online shop with a catalogue, hosting, discount system and 
24/7 customer support. In future we are planning to offer E-commerce (2 STQ per 1 
item per 24h) and Premium (3 STQ per 1 item per 24h) rate plans. The E-commerce 



26

rate plan will grant access to online card payments while purchasing the Premium 
rate plan will give the seller convenient communication tools (Voice over IP, chat, 
callback function and mailout), promotion instruments (enabling advertizing goods), 
offering items through the Storiqa catalogue (it has color, size and price filters which 
make the search convenient and efficient). The funds spent by the seller during the 
previous period are calculated on the 1st day of the next month and the said sum in 
STQ is charged off the seller’s account. If there are not enough tokens on the account, 
they are automatically purchased through the integrated exchange customization 
program by charging a corresponding sum of money from a bank card.

Storiqa Prospects.
In compliance with the current e-commerce development trends, payments on 
Storiqa will be made through smart-contract deals, which will result in the safest 
transactions (the seller receives the money only after the item is delivered to its final 
destination). We will introduce mobile apps for Android and iOS for quick and easy 
shopping, a multi-currency wallet with the option to pay with cryptocurrency which 
will make it unnecessary to follow the fiat money rate. It will be possible to make a 
one-click purchase from any part of the world without any middleman involved. 

STQ tokens
STQ tokens are issued for internal and external payments of the Storiqa system 
and also are the only payment instrument when you need to pay fees or pay for 
marketplace services. STQ token are deeply integrated into the system to ensure 
maximum trade flow — as the number of agents using the system grows, the value 
of any cryptocurrency usually increases.

PremiumeCommerceBasic

An online shop with a 
catalogue, hosting and a 

discount system, 24/7 
customer support.

Online card payments. Buyer communication 
tools, promotion 
instruments, the 

opportunity to use the 
Storiqa catalogue.

1 STQ
per 1 item per 24h 

2 STQ
per 1 item per 24h 

3 STQ
per 1 item per 24h 



27

Token holders

Cryptocurrency
exchange

Storiqa
platform

Buyer

Bank system

Store

STQ / BTC, STQ / ETH

Adding or withdrawal of funds using a bank card or an account

Se
lli

ng
 S

TQ
 to

ke
ns

Buying STQ tokens

$100 payment

$ $

ST
Q

10
0 

Fe
e

Wallet
 $540
 STQ 300

Wallet
 $100
 STQ 0

Use of STQ tokens

Goods placement fee.
Every month of items hosted in the marketplace shall be paid for with STQ tokens by 
each store. At the moment of the project launch the fee is going to be 10 times lower 
than placement offered by our competitors and will always remain low because the 
nominal fee size will decrease with the increase in the STQ tokens rate.

However, a user does not have to have any tokens or be an expert on cryptocur-
rency exchange — they can pay the fee using their bank card or a payment service, 
and the platform will automatically buy tokens with this money and will pay the fee. 
The absolute purchase of STQ tokens every time a customer uses the platform is ex-
tremely important, because it ensures quotes liquidity for STQ First Purchasers and 
permanent demand for tokens on the part of stores, which is the basic principle of 
the increase in token quotes.

There will also be demand on the part of buyers as numerous stores will offer a big-
ger cash back and special prices to their clients that pay for goods with STQ tokens. 

However, this system won’t show considerable surplus as the buyers will be ex-
pectedly using earned STQ tokens in fiat money transactions with their contractors. 
Therefore, this method will raise the liquidity for STQ First Purchasers but the influ-
ence on the market rate will be insignificant.

Promotion services.
Storiqa will offer online shops a wide range of services (prioritizing in search results, 
rating systems and appearance on the main page) allowing to attract more buyers. 
All these services can be paid for with STQ tokens.



28

Referral programs and rewards.
The platform members will be able to additionally earn STQ tokens by taking part in 
referral programs and getting awards for CPA offers.

Internal transactions of the members.
To make promotion of goods in the global market more convenient we will create 
an integrated freelance exchange where you will be able to get services of localiza-
tion, prepared items description, photos and videos at a fixed price. Besides, the 
payments are made with STQ tokens and no fee is charged. If the payment is made 
outside the platform, the members will lose their opportunity to resolve potential 
disputes in Storiqa arbitration, as well as price and quality guarantee. 

Making purchases in Storiqa stores using STQ tokens.
Purchasing goods through the platform with tokens, the buyer can count on a big-
ger cash back and better offers. It’s important to mention that all the transactions 
in cryptocurrency will be seen in the blockchain. By paying for an item using the 
platform, the buyer gets an additional protection of the transaction because of the 
smart-contracts and the Storiqa warranty. 

Consequently, to carry out a deal outside the platform is less profitable for both of 
the parties, as they get a number of advantages when using the system.

Payment service for external stores.
Any external store can start using the STQ tokens payment system and count on 
increasing buyers’ demand, service of the highest quality and system guarantees.

Transaction transparency ensured by the blockchain technology;

Honest customer reviews – only customers who actually bought an item (with a 
confirmed transaction) will be able to comment on their customer experience;

Token holders will get an access to the open-source statistics with real-time publi-
cation of important metrics of business processes and the platform development 
dynamics: purchases, the number of active stores and visitors, average receipt 
amount etc. This is the simplest and the most open way to monitor the platform 
development and forecast the increase of one’s bonuses due to STQ holding;

A platform-wide blockchain-based CPA network that guarantees transaction trans-
parency across all open offers and no holds – any webmaster will be able to see all 
purchases made through a referral link as recorded by the blockchain.



29

Transmission of the project development
to the STQ token rate

The need to pay fees and additional bonuses to those paying with tokens 
grants the demand for tokens, which, on one hand, gives STQ First Purchasers 
an opportunity to leave the project and at the same time has positive influence on 
market quotes, as the only sellers of the STQ tokens will be the STQ First Purchasers.

The value of STQ tokens, like any other currency, will be determined by people’s 
willingness to accept them as the payment for their goods and services. Exchange 
liquidity will allow STQ to develop on external websites. In addition to this, partner 
projects will be able to pay with STQ tokens, making their transactions faster and 
more transparent and also succeeding in marketing and promotion because the 
system is popular and trendy.

Therefore, the token rate is correlated with the Storiqa platform mon-
ey turnover, its developments as a project on the system level. The 
more sellers and buyers, deals and activity on the platform, the more 
profit is gained by all the members. The placement fee is charged in 
tokens, which the sellers have to buy, either themselves or indirectly 
through STQ First Purchasers on exchange market. All this results in 
the increase in the STQ token circulation. 

It should be mentioned that the prices of the platform are adaptive — if the 
token value rises, the size of the fee for hosting goods and services of promot-
ing a store within the platform decreases in face value of the STQ token and is 
calculated according to the current token rate.

The platform will not buy or sell tokens on day-to-day basis, leaving this activity to 
users. The platform fund will be permanently growing through collecting fees, but 
these tokens shall not be sold in the exchange market. Their future purpose will be 
determined upon analyzing the project development during its first years. In the 

Commission demand of stores.

Supply of tokens is possible only on the part
of the STQ First Purchasers 



30

event of favorable business activity the said tokens can be used to finance the fur-
ther development of the system.

Cryptocurrency exchange listing

Upon finishing the Token Sale campaign the tokens can be easily bought or sold on 
numerous cryptocurrency exchange markets. The number of exchange markets will 
grow with the increase in the platform trade turnover and the users’ demand from 
different countries. Our team is planning to introduce STQ tokens to more than 12 
international cryptocurrency exchange markets.

There it will be possible to exchange STQ tokens for any of fluid cryptocurrency (BTC, 
ETH).

Token Sale  

Token Sale has two main goals: 

 Adoption of STQ token;

 Raising funds for developing and promoting the Storiqa platform.

The distribution will be carried out through a smart contract. Raised funds will be used 
to launch the platform, integrate the token and finance promotion and marketing. 
Depending on the raised sum, we can execute our project on different levels.

Token ticker

Token sale starts

Token sale ends

Token Sale First Price

Total Supply

STQ 

28th of November 2017 

13th of February 2018

$0.003

no more than Hard Cap



31

Soft Cap —  $5 000 000
Hard Cap — $25 000 000
The Token Sale run ends when the Hard Cap threshold is reached.

15% of emission is reserved for the team and partners, a share will be 3% each 
and will be unlocked as the project reaches the following token capitalization levels: 
Token Sale campaign end, $100M, $250M, $500M, $1000M. The process will be 
Escrow-controlled. As a result, it brings the STQ value interests of Token holders and 
the team together.

10% — development fund (the first part of it will be unlocked after a 9-month 
period for launch on the Asian market, and the second one — after another 9- 
months period to get introduced to the North American market);

10% — Early STQ First Purchasers;

15% — team;

3% — to bounty rewards;

2% — to advisory board;

60% — The main part of the tokens is distributed through the Token Sale.

After the Token Sale run all the further centralized token distributions will be carried 
out at the expense of the fund which is replenished with fee payments. The price 

10%

60%

15%

10%

2%

3%



32

will be determined according to the market quotes. Also, it will be taken into account 
that additional sale creates oversupply and therefore the risk of the decrease in 
market quotes. The distribution method must completely mitigate this risk in order 
to protect the rights of the STQ First Purchasers (for example, through distributing 
the tokens over a longer period of time).

Become a Campaign Member

To become a member of our STQ First Purchasers, you will need to purchase STQ 
tokens by making an ETH transaction to our smart contract address. We accept ETH 
transactions made from wallets ONLY. Please note that you should NOT make the 
transaction using ERC20-incompatible wallets or cryptocurrency exchange accounts, 
as that may potentially lead to you losing control over the tokens you would otherwise 
have gained.

Openness and transparency maintenance:

Chrome extension Online wallet Requires installation



33

Token Sale Bonus System

Purchase amount bonuses:

Purchase amount bonuses:

for purchase
of $150 000 and more

for purchase
of $200 000 and more

for purchase
of $100 000 and more

+2% +5% +8%

for purchase
of $1 000 000 and more

for purchase
of $1 500 000 and more

for purchase
of $300 000 and more

+10% +15% +20%

26 Dec — 02 Jan

$0.0054
Token price:

Bonus:

12%

12 Dec — 19 Dec

$0.0042
Token price:

Bonus:

16%

19 Dec — 26 Dec

$0.0048
Token price:

Bonus:

14%

05 Dec — 12 Dec

$0.0036
Token price:

Bonus:

18%

28 Nov — 05 Dec

$0.003
Token price:

Bonus:

20%

02 Jan — 09 Jan

$0.006
Token price:

Bonus:

10%

09 Jan — 16 Jan

$0.007
Token price:

Bonus:

8%

16 Jan — 23 Jan

$0.008
Token price:

Bonus:

6%

23 Jan — 30 Jan

$0.009
Token price:

Bonus:

4%

30 Jan — 06 Feb

$0.01
Token price:

Bonus:

2%

06 Feb — 13 Feb

$0.015
Token price:

Bonus:

0%



34

26 Dec — 02 Jan

$0.0054
Token price:

Bonus:

12%

12 Dec — 19 Dec

$0.0042
Token price:

Bonus:

16%

19 Dec — 26 Dec

$0.0048
Token price:

Bonus:

14%

05 Dec — 12 Dec

$0.0036
Token price:

Bonus:

18%

28 Nov — 05 Dec

$0.003
Token price:

Bonus:

20%

02 Jan — 09 Jan

$0.006
Token price:

Bonus:

10%

09 Jan — 16 Jan

$0.007
Token price:

Bonus:

8%

16 Jan — 23 Jan

$0.008
Token price:

Bonus:

6%

23 Jan — 30 Jan

$0.009
Token price:

Bonus:

4%

30 Jan — 06 Feb

$0.01
Token price:

Bonus:

2%

06 Feb — 13 Feb

$0.015
Token price:

Bonus:

0%



35

Project team
RUSLAN TUGUSHEV
CEO

Co-owner of first largest crowdfunding platform
Boomstarter.ru, owner of Tugush.com — investment plat-
form (more than 1500 investors, investment potential of 
$800 million).

EVGENY GAVRILIN
Co-founder 

Entrepreneur, founder of more than 10 companies. Co-
founder of the Boomstarter platform which has already 
helped in fund raising of 1548 projects of various fields, 
such as business, technology, books, travelling, cinema, 
music and events. Author of Life of Bi, a youtube channel on 
business issues, with more than 400,000 subscribers. 

Founder of Neсtarin, the leading digital agency in Russia 
from 2014 to 2017, according to a number of ratings.
Co-founder of the Tugush investment platform.

NADIYA CHERKASOVA
Early investor, the project consultant

Senior Vice President and Director of the Small Business 
Customers Service Department at VTB24, leads the project 
for small and medium enterprise development and lending 
at VTB24*. 



36

Advisory board

* — Bank №2 in Russia by total asset on 01.09.2017

PADDY TAN
Advisor 

Founder at InterVentures Asia. He is armed with vast ex-
perience in identifying startups from an idea to mentoring, 
funding and acquisition stage. He improves the probabilities 
by running on the ground engaging founders, partners and 
VCs to make the whole business plan work.He possesses 
vast knowledge of how technologies can be integrated into 
different businesses and provides consultancy services to 
business leaders with a team of colleagues for digital tech-
nologies and system integration specialising in Change Man-
agement, Digital Marketing, Gamification and App Develop-
ment.

ALAN WONG
Advisor 

Alan is a respected ecosystem builder, business advisor and 
serial entrepreneur with a unique combination of experi-
ences in both large organisations and entrepreneurial start-
ups. C-level experience in business development, marketing 
and technology at large Multi-National companies, such as 
Cable & Wireless and Huawei Devices.



37

MARK GINSBURG
Advisor

Blockchain evangelist. President of the Ukrainian Invest-
ment Holding. The seller of the first in the world real estate 
object sold for crypto currency using a smart contract and a 
full one cycle of technology.

SERGEI FEDORINOV
Consultant on large e-commerce projects development 

He was the CEO and director general of Ulmart.ru. Ulmart is 
the only Russian company included in Deloitte’s global top 
50 of the e-commerce field, with a turnover of $800 million 
in 2016 and capitalization of $6 billion. Ulmart’s distribution 
network features over 400 multiform points of sale in more 
than 240 cities and towns.

In case of successful Token Sale realization, Sergei will be 
invited to head the company. 

AUSTIN KIMM 
Advisor

He is an international strategist for established and start-
up companies.



38

ALEXEY ANTONOV
Marketing & Financial Advisor

An entrepreneur and the blockchain technology expert. 
Well-known speaker on the subjects of blockchain and To-
ken Sale and has authored several publications including 
some critical comments on questionable ICO projects.

Alexey founded the company suicide.ventures which forging 
strategic pathways for promising tech. He has invested in 15 
different ICO’s and successfully managed several ICO proj-
ects (including SONM.io). Alexey has been actively involved 
in crypto currencies trading, making over 6000 trades on 
various crypto exchanges.

NICKOLAI ORESHKIN
Venture Capitalist, Blockchain Enthusiast, AI Futurist

Investment professional, engineer and experienced entre-
preneur with a proven track record in bringing early-stage 
technology from idea to disruptive growth. He is currently 
responsible for all aspects of deal sourcing, quantitative and 
strategic assessment, due diligence, deal structuring and 
negotiations at GVA Capital. Previously, Nikolai was an Asso-
ciate Partner at F50 Ventures.

Has experience in Venture Capital, Startups, Business Devel-
opment, and M&A. His specialties include Consumer Mobile, 
Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, VR/AR.



39

WULF KAAL
Entrepreneur, Technologist, Professor

Wulf Kaal is a leading expert at the intersection of law, busi-
ness, and technology. His research focuses on innovation, 
technology, blockchain technology applications, smart con-
tracts, initial coin offerings, hedge funds, and dynamic reg-
ulatory methods. Kaal is the director of the Private Invest-
ment Fund Institute (PIFI). Before entering the academy, he 
was associated with Cravath, Swain & Moore LLP, in New 
York, and Goldman Sachs in London, UK.

PETER XU
Galaxy Group Partner

Peter has served in leadership roles in the US and China 
in both Venture Capital and technology companies. He has 
led overseas investments of the Galaxy Venture Capital, a 
venture arm of Galaxy Group, an investor in fund of funds, 
venture capital funds and accelerators worldwide. He also 
has extensive experience in establishing partnerships with 
public trading companies and M&A funds to provide portfo-
lio companies with stronger exit opportunities. Peter focus-
es on seed and early stage investments in AI, e-commerce, 
financial services and mobile sectors.



40

Project roadmap

Market demands study

 Market analysis and analysis of the needs of customers
 and businesses

 Recruitment of early token holders for creating the prerelease 
 version of the product ($200,000)

 Testing the business’s launch to the international market

 Engagement of the first sellers

 Development of the strategy of business’s launch to the international 
 market

 Marketplace design project

 Launch of the first stores to the international market

 Resolving product logistics issues

Product development start

 Marketplace development 

 Resolving international marketing issues

 Resolving multilingual support issues 

2 — 3 quarter

 
 

4 quarter

1 — 2 quarter The earliest version of the product
 The development of the first version of the store 

 Preparation for use of the blockchain technology in the project

 Start of composing the Whitepaper

 Engaging the stores in the platform testing 

 The introduction of the stores to the platform potential

 Store builder 

 Comprehensive catalog of all items 

 Basic online store functions

 The second round of financing ($300,000)

2016

1

2

3

2017



41

2018

3 quarter

4 quarter
 

 
 

1 — 2 quarter

3 — 4 quarter

4

5

6

7

Token sale preparation

 The alpha version of the product

 Start of marketing campaigns on Token Sale

 Start of creating the Storiqa community 

 Token pre-sale 

 The presentation of the project for early investors

 Pre-sale funding ($500.000)

Pre-Token sale and Token sale

 The presentation of the basic functionality to the stores 

 The project presentation for potential participants 

 Start of funding for the launch of the product to the market 

 The project presentation for potential participants in worldwide

 The product demo version

 Completion Token Sale

 MVP

Cryptocurrency payment and smart contract implementation 

 Acceptance of cryptocurrency payments 

 Internal currency exchange system and Multicurrency digital wallet 

 Launch of the first points of the verification of Storiqa 

 Warehouse accounting system launch 

 Smart contracts integrated with logistics systems

Efficient promotion & Integration

 Unblocking 5% of development fund 

 Efficient promotion tools 

 Mobile application development 

 Localization in additional languages 

 Launch of the internal CPA network for opinion leaders 

 Unblocking 5% of development fund US market entry 

 Development of additional functions Integration with third-party 
 services 

 Launch of the goods to third-party platforms


