



































Substratum-Whitepaper-English





TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SECTIONS PG

Introduction 2

1.  The Decentralized Web 2

2.  The Substratum Network 3

3.  Substratum Host 4

4.  Substratum Node 5

5.  Substrate Coins and CryptoPay 6

6. The Web User 8

7. Substratum ICO 9

8. US Participation 10

9. The Future of Substratum 10

10. Who We Are 11

!  1

SubstratumWhitepaper



Introduction  

Substratum is creating an open-source foundation for a decentralized web which will 

provide unrestricted access to content and sharing of information for users across the 

globe. Our mission is to bring forth the free and fair internet of the future by combining 

proven technological building blocks with emergent technologies in an innovative and 

holistic way to help solve many of the problems that plague the modern internet.  

Substratum will gain mass adoption by revolutionizing the hosting industry with per-

request billing via micro-transactions and incentivizing users to run nodes to create the 

network by paying node hosts in Substrate. This is all being managed by blockchain 

technology and machine learning. 

Section 1  

THE DECENTRALIZED WEB 
 
Current Internet and Issues at Play 

The current version of the web, how we currently experience the internet has become 

increasingly centralized, censored and faced many controls. Data must travel through 

designated hardware access points (usually servers and hubs). This causes access 

points to become hacking targets to anyone seeking user’s personal data. Aside from 

cybersecurity issues, there is also the issue of net neutrality. Net neutrality is the idea 

that Internet Service Providers (ISPs) should not be allowed to slow service to specific 

sites, or be able to block content and applications that flow through that network.  

!  2



“Just a few large platforms drive most traffic to online news sources in the U.S., and 

thus have enormous influence over what sources of information the public consumes 

on a daily basis. The existence of these consolidated points of control is troubling for 

many reasons. A small number of stakeholders end up having outsized influence over 

the content the public can create and consume. This leads to problems ranging from 

censorship at the behest of national governments to more subtle, perhaps even 

unintentional, bias in the curation of content users see based on opaque, unaudited 

curation algorithms. The platforms that host our networked public sphere and inform 

us about the world are unelected, unaccountable, and often impossible to audit or 

oversee.” 

The Decentralized Web 

The decentralized web (or Web 3.0) is a web controlled by independent and privately 

owned computers that allow for a web experience that is both secure and open. This 

means that everyone can access all information and services on the internet without 

informational gatekeepers, ISP interference as well as being resistant to corporate or 

governmental surveillance and restrictions.  

A decentralized web will create a free and open web for everyone in the world by 

making sure that anyone in the world can access content with no interference from 

corporations or governmental agencies. When net neutrality, data breaches and 

cybersecurity are growing concerns to the general public, the call for a community-

oriented web experience is now stronger than ever.  

!  3



Section 2  

THE SUBSTRATUM NETWORK 

The Substratum Network combines innovative technologies from the cryptocurrency, 

and community hosting realms to not only usher in a free, peer-to-peer internet, but to 

revolutionize the hosting industry. The Substratum Network is made up of nodes—

networks of peer-to-peer computers—who then can deliver secure content anywhere 

using industry-leading cryptography, effectively ending the need for VPNs and Tor. It 

changes web hosting by incentivizing network users with its own cryptocurrency token 

to essentially rent out their unused computing resources as a hosting platform for 

websites. Hosting costs are billed through per-request micro-transactions, inhibiting 

the payment of unutilized resources. 

One of the biggest frustrations of the decentralized web and its users is that it isn’t 

always easy for those who aren’t technically inclined. Part of the beauty of the 

Substratum Network is that you don’t need any additional software or a special 

browser to run it. The network integrates into existing internet frameworks, meaning 

the end user won’t have to change the ways in which they interact with the web.  

Substratum provides a method for serving decentralized content through a Mac, 

Windows, and Linux application service that is easy to install and run (requires no 

technical expertise) and serves up decentralized content using the toolkit that we have 

developed. 

By allowing millions of Substratum Network users to serve content the biggest concern 

becomes privacy and security. Substratum solves these issues through advanced 

cryptography algorithms rooted in Artificial Intelligence that ensures all data remains 

!  4



secure. Following the lead of BitCoin, this is the strength of cryptocurrency and the 

crypto movement. 

Substratum will become a fully open-sourced project upon launching version 2 in the 

beginning of 2018. This means that the source code will be available to anyone for 

redistribution or modification. The reason we are waiting, is to ensure our compression 

and cryptographic algorithms are solid before we take the project open-source. 

The Substratum Network will provide an API and SDK for developing tools and 

applications directly on the Substratum Platform. Adding this feature allows for a 

strong developer presence and an extensive support network while simultaneously 

accelerating the growth of the decentralized web on the Substratum Network. 

!  5



Section 3  

SUBSTRATUM HOST 

The SubstratumHost component of the networkSubstratum will completely change 

the ways that we approach web hosting. Currently, web hosting consists of paying a 

company to store a website’s files on a server connected to the internet. Pricing is 

typically structured around first buying a domain name (for example: http://

www.substratum.net is a domain name). Then, a monthly price is set based on how 

much bandwidth and computing resources you need to run the site. For small, personal 

websites shared hosting—sharing space on a server with other sites— will usually 

suffice. For businesses and larger enterprises with a complex site and a lot of traffic 

must use either VPS (Virtual Private Servers) or cloud hosting. VPS hosting involves 

paying a hosting company for dedicated use to their servers whereas cloud hosting 

such as AWS (Amazon Web Services) involves only renting the space you need on a 

“virtual” server instead of a paying to use physical one.  

The primary issue with web hosting in its current form is that is incredibly expensive! It 

can cost upwards thousands of dollars per month solely to host the site files—this 

doesn’t include any maintenance costs or additional security. This makes it incredibly 

difficult for small or medium sized businesses to have a strong web presence without 

incurring significant costs.  

Other less prevalent issues include a lack of transparency regarding uptime (the time a 

hosting company can guarantee a site to be online), the need for additional software, 

lack of reliable security, slow load times based on server location as well as privacy and 

resource limitations (CPU, RAM, etc.).  

Substratum aims to resolve these common issues in the following ways:  

!  6

http://www.substratum.net
http://www.substratum.net


1.  Drastically reducing hosting costs through peer-to-peer hosting that is billed per request through 

micro-transactions. This means that you will only be billed when people go to your site as opposed 

to per minute or hour like AWS and other cloud hosting platforms.  

• As each request comes through the amount of CPU power, Network Bandwidth and the 
amount of data are calculated and once a threshold of 1 ATOM is reached a micro-

transaction will take place between the HOST and the NODE and Substrate will be 

transferred. The result of all of this is that since you only pay for what you use the cost is 

reduced.  

• Calculations are being worked to get an exact fee matrix but we will without a doubt be less 
expensive than current industry standard hosting. 

2. In order to serve millions of sites, databases and applications, the Substratum Network uses 

advanced compression algorithms, geolocation and machine learning to direct the right 

combination of Substratum Network nodes to serve content to the intended user based on 

location.  This will ensure the fastest load times with the lowest amount of latency/strain on the 

Substratum Network, the serving machine and the receiving machine. 

3. Due to Substratum’s peer-to-peer network, websites will never experience downtime.  

4. We serve Substratum Requests directly to the default browser (Safari, Firefox, Chrome, Internet 

Explorer) without any special software installed on the average consuming users computer. 

5. Substratum uses cryptography, compression algorithms and the peer-to-peer network itself to 

send data in small, encrypted pieces so your data and content is always safe.  

6. Substratum allows site owners to keep their domain names without using a subdomain name 

(example: http://www.yourwebsite.hostingcompany.com) 

7. Substratum hosts sites that can be accessed by both the centralized and decentralized web.  

!  7

http://www.yourwebsite.hostingcompany.com


8. SubstratumHost will have an easy to use Control Panel similar to CPanel or PHPMyAdmin that will 

allow you to manage your content as a web host.  

Upon launch, Substratum will support the following languages and libraries:  

• HTML/CSS 
• JavaScript (jQuery, Bootstrap) 
• PHP/MySQL (Wordpress, Magento, Joomla) 
• ASP.NET  
• Python (Django) 

More will be added in future versions such as Ruby/Ruby on Rails. 

Section 4  

SUBSTRATUM NODE 

SubstratumNode is the actual network of computers that link all of Substratum’s 

interactions. It will allow anyone to become a web host and earn Substratum’s own 

cryptocurrency while the user is hosting. Users do not need any Substrate Tokens to 

run a SubstratumNode. They only need a valid Substrate Wallet Address (supported 

through Ethereum) to send your Substrate at your designated payout periods. 

Through an easy-to-use, UI interface the user can easily control how much CPU, GPU 

and RAM they want to let Substratum use. The user can control what times and days of 

the week they want to allow hosting. This allows your node makes the most money 

possible for you when you aren’t working but doesn’t disturb you when you are 

working. 

!  8

http://ASP.NET


 

Network Members that run our broadcast software will receive SUB coins by serving 

requests. This increases global participation and will bring value to Substrate. 

In order to run SubstratumNode on your computer, users only need to have ports 80 

(HTTP) and 443 (HTTPS) open to run a node. These ports will automatically be opened 

in the setup process. The Substratum host will be simple to setup and run.  




!  9



SubstratumDNS 

DNS (Domain Name System): DNS or the Domain Name System is the naming system 

that currently tells your browser where to go when you type in a domain name. For 

instance when someone types http://www.substratum.net into the address bar, a DNS 

lookup is performed to check where to send the request. Then the DNS system returns 

a unique IP address where the request can be routed. The first version of 

SubstratumDNS will be a complex, AI enabled DNS server that will receive DNS 

requests along with the geolocation of the requestor and find the closest available 

SubstratumNode able to fulfill the request.  

SubstratumDNS runs on both the distributed and decentralized web through a system 

bridge. It uses the existing DNS framework of the internet to deliver content to default 

browsers and allows the user to keep their domain name; however, that is where the 

similarities with a traditional DNS server end. The most substantial difference lies in its 

process of receiving requests from the user and returning the requested page back to 

the user. 

1. SubstratumDNS prioritizes the user’s geolocation to identify the closest nodes. This  allows for the 

user to receive the fastest request response possible.  

2. Within that bank of nodes, the system locates the node(s) with the most accurate   

information that needs to be returned. This is a complex process involving machine   

learning and advanced algorithms.   

  

Note: Not all nodes hold the same information. In fact, the nodes themselves rotate content and 

information to guarantee and maintain their anonymity.  
  

3. Once the system locates the best primary node it sends the request to the node to return to the 

user.    

!  10

http://www.substratum.net


4. If the node requires additional content from another node, the two nodes will work in   

tandem to return the required content. 

This will ensure that we can reach the entire world with the Substratum network 

without the average everyday user having to install any special software. 

 

 
 

!  11



Section 5  

SUBSTRATUM COINS AND CRYPTO PAY 

Substrate Token 

“Cryptocurrency” and “blockchains” are terms that have been tossed around the past 

few years without a lot of information on what they actually are and how they work. 

Put simply, cryptocurrencies are e-monies that are not backed by any centralized 

financial institute or financial server. Instead it is backed and produced from within the 

cryptocurrency community itself. This means that every single peer in a 

cryptocurrency’s network has a list of all transactions made by all other peers. This 

database of the networks data and transactions is called the blockchain. In order to 

complete a transaction, the entire network has to collectively agree that the 

transaction is valid and that there are available funds to move. A transaction is simply a 

file that tells the network what you want to do, signed with your personal, encrypted 

key. This file is broadcasted to the entire network through nodes (a network of peer-to-

peer computers). Once the transaction is confirmed as legitimate, the record of the 

transaction is added as a new block to the blockchain. This record cannot be changed, 

reversed or altered in any way.  

Blockchain technology is being used for more than digital money. Due to its genuine 

peer-to-peer network, it can be used for identity confirmation, smart contracts, 

auditing, data and record management. The applications that are using blockchain 

technology are growing and changing every day. 

!  12



Substratum Network will be running a combination of blockchains, developed 

specifically for the decentralized web. Substrate, the coin that is the fuel that runs the 

Substratum Network is a ERC20 compliant token based on the Ethereum Blockchain.  

Substratum runs on Substrate and Atoms, a rough linguistic equivalent to dollars and 

cents. The fiat currency model uses numbers rounded to the second decimal place, and 

so does SUB. The numbers before the decimal point are Substrate and the numbers 

after are the Atoms. So for example, 354.98 SUB equals 354 Substrate and 98 Atoms. 

In order to incentivize users to run the Substratum Network client on their machine, 

Substrate will be used as payment for serving the network. The coin is issued to the 

serving machine through a micro-transaction from the hosting site to the serving 

computer. By breaking fees down to a micro-transactional level it greatly reduces the 

overall cost to companies and entities that want to host sites and applications on the 

internet as they pay only for what is being used.  

Creating and Maintaining Substrate’s Value in the Global Market 

Substrate acts as the fuel that powers the Substratum Network*. The process works 

something like this: 

1. When a business or entity wants to host their site(s) on the decentralized web, they will purchase 

Substrate using other cryptocurrencies or fiat. 

2. When a Substratum Network member runs their node and renders requests they are paid using 

Substrate from the host.  

3. When a shopper checks out using CryptoPay, the payment method they use is converted to the 

payment method the vendor desires by using Substrate as the conversion currency.  

!  13



• Should the market ever reach 90% saturation, the network will create 10% additional tokens and 
separate them into an account that is only used to fuel the network. These will not hit the exchanges 

and will only be available for transactions within the network. 

• To ensure the development fund is not subject to big market fluctuations, we're hedging it four 
ways. By doing this we ensure we have the capital needed to finish each phase of the project 

budgeted for in the Initial Coin Offering (ICO).  

  Ethereum (25%)  

  BitCoin (25%)  

  USDT (25%)  

  USD Fiat (25%) 

• Founders & Advisors Shares 

Below are the shares dedicated to the founders and advisors for their efforts and  

 investments to get Substratum up and running: 

Main Founder: 10MIL Substrate 

Team Leads: 1 MIL Substrate each (5 Team Leads ) 

Advisors: 25% of total investment 

• Lockout Period 

Founders receive NO SHARES until the first version of Substratum is released in 2018. 

This will ensure that members who join during the pre-ICO or ICO phases are protected 

and a quality product is delivered. 

We believe in operational transparency so we’ve provided a breakdown of how we plan 

to use the development fund. This is to ensure short-and long-term goals are met and 

that we raise sufficient market awareness: 

!  14



Product Development: 60%      

Product Awareness: 30% 

Network Infrastructure: 10% 

CryptoPay  

CryptoPay is an online wallet that allows storage, transfer and spending capabilities for 

GBP, USD, EUR, BTC. We will be bringing in CryptoPay to support Substrate (SUB). This 

will allow all sites and applications that run on the Substratum Network to process 

cryptocurrency transactions using any publicly traded coin.  

Getting CryptoPay on a website is similar to other 

payment gateways. CryptoPay will have simple 

tools to easily add cryptocurrency checkout to a 

website. Similar to adding Paypal or Stripe, 

CryptoPay has a quick registration process 

completed by the site owner. Once registration is 

complete, the site owner will receive an 

integration guide to add CryptoPay to their 

website. (Figure 2)  

Each vendor sets which currency they desire to be 

paid in. In order to change the currency that the 

user pays in to the desired payment currency 

CryptoPay uses Substrate as conversion currency. 

!  15



Section 6  

web users 

Development Tools for the Decentralized Web: the Substratum Network will provide 

an API and SDK for developing tools on the Substratum Platform. This will bring in 

strong developer support and will accelerate the growth of the decentralized web on 

the Substratum Network.  

With the Substratum Network ALL web-sites and applications will have EQUAL ability 

to be broadcast in an equal and fair manner. International Digital Barriers: currently 

countries like China have strict regulations on what their 1.379 billion citizens are able to 

interact with on the internet. Substratum will break down these barriers through a 

network of decentralized computers running the Substratum Network Software. 

Where other solutions that are currently used by residents in these countries require 

special software to be installed, like TOR, Substratum will take a reverse approach and 

require no special software for the average user. 

The benefits of the decentralized web are clear and the proponents are of the highest 

caliber in the technological community but not without its issues. Substratum aims to 

solve global issues of censorship, international content barriers, full net neutrality and a 

user-governed ethics system.  

On the Substratum Network, ALL websites and applications will have equal ability to 

broadcast content, but with the added self-governing element means that users will 

have a system of self-governance so illegal content like child pornography and 

terrorism sites can eventually be removed from the network while keeping the integrity 

and openness of the network free and fair for all.  

!  16



Section 7  

substratum ico 

ICO Goals  

Substratum solves a global problem that all experts agree is the next step in the 

evolution of the internet. In version 2, we integrate all Cryptocurrencies that are 

publicly traded into a Payment Gateway that brings all cryptocurrencies to the web and 

uses Substratum Coin as an exchange currency which brings tremendous value. In 

order to achieve these goals we need to raise working capital for further development 

to take us through version 2 and marketing capital to raise awareness about our 

product. Substratum builds upon principles of the crypto community and takes 

decentralization to the next logical step in the progression that BitCoin started. 

Because Substratum is in the same sphere of influence cryptocurrency investors 

should find this project appealing and the overall reach of this project goes even 

beyond that of BitCoin and Cryptocurrencies in general. In 10 years Substratum should 

touch every computer on the planet. 

ICO Parameters  

ICO Start Date: August 14 2017 00:00 EST  

ICO End Date: September 14 2017 00:00 EST  

SUB Tokens Issued: ~226,000,000 

Total Sale Goal: 150 000 ETH  

Minimum Sale Goal: 1 000 ETH (met during pre-ICO 3.5 times over) 

$13.8 million raised 

!  17



17,778.25 ETH Raised 

154.6736 BTC Raised 

232,105.45 XRP Raised 

602.1433 BCH Raised 

865.9953 LTC Raised 

$5 million direct investment (Render Payment Systems)  

ICO Budget Allocation  

Product Awareness: 30% of Total Budget  

Regardless of how great the project is no one will use it if they don’t know about it. 

Because of that we will be spending a considerable amount of resources on raising 

awareness of the product. This will involve traditional methods of advertising as well as 

taking part in cryptocurrency/blockchain-based conferences worldwide as speakers 

and booth vendors.  

Product Development: 60% of Total Budget  

The core of the budget is the development of the product, so naturally the majority of 

the budget is allocated to development. Through the use of our core team and by 

bringing in additional resources we will achieve the product timeline set in place.  

Network Infrastructure: 10% of Total Budget  

To kick-start the network we will need to establish data centers around the world to 

provide the core supernodes.  

!  18



Section 8  

US PARTICIPATION 

The Securities and Exchange Commission recently made a filing that most coins need 

to be registered as a commodity to run an ICO for US citizens. The exception to that 

rule is if the token / coin has a purpose as part of a platform or system. If it is used as the 

FUEL that runs the system. Since Substrate is the fuel that runs the Substratum 

Network, we are cleared to run for US Citizens.  

Section 9  

THE FUTURE OF SUBSTRATUM 
  

Beta 

A public beta will be released during December of 2017. 

 
Version 1 

SubstratumNode — Mac, Windows, Linux Software for Substratum Network Users to 

run their Web, Database, and App Broadcast Nodes and receive Substratum Coin on a 

per request basis.  

Developer Toolkit — for Developers to write applications to run on the Substratum 

Network which includes our fully encrypted SubstratumDB (Database Management 

System), SubstratumWeb (Web Application Server), and SubstratumApp (App 

Development System and Broadcast Server).  

!  19



SubstratumStore — Decentralized app store for developers to submit their 

applications to that will serve as the application store for the decentralized web.  

SubstratumDNS —  This is a DNS (Domain Name Management) system bridge that will 

allow standard browsers on any system (Mac, Windows, Linux) to use their default 

browser (Safari, Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer) to serve up sites from the 

Substratum Network. This will ensure that we can reach the entire world with the 

Substratum network without the average everyday user having to install any special 

software.  

Version 2 (Early to Mid 2018)  

Payment Gateway (SubstratumPay) to the Substratum Network. This will enable not 

only Credit Card transactions but CryptoCurrency transactions for all websites and 

applications on the Substratum Network.  
 
SubstratumBridge will provide the crux of the SubstratumPay network by using 

SubstratumCoin as a bridge coin for all transactions that happen on our Payment 

Gateway network. For example if a user wants to pay with LiteCoin we will execute a 

micro-transaction that will convert BitCoin into SubstratumCoin which will then pay 

the vendor in Fiat. This conversion will happen seamlessly in the background and will 

further provide value to the SubstratumCoin. 

!  20



Section 10  

WHO WE ARE 

The team behind Substratum is a US based software development firm who for well 

over a decade has architected, developed and deployed software solutions for Fortune 

100 companies such as Apple, Facebook, Disney, HP and many more.  

Project Leads  

 
Justin Tabb  

Solutions Architect
email   •  linked in  

Over the last 10 years Justin has lead development teams on projects such as 

training.apple.com, consultants.apple.com, Event Software for Facebook, Event 

Software for OpenStack, Theme Park Software for Disney, Election Software for 2008 

Presidential Campaign and many more.  

Abram Cookson 

CIO and Co-founder at Substratum
email   •  linked in 

Serial Entrepreneur, Idea Man, Consultant. Over 18 years of experience in software 

development. Has provided software development and leadership for both small 

business and fortune 500 companies. 

!  21

mailto:justin@substratum.net
https://www.linkedin.com/in/justintabb
mailto:abram@substratum.net%20
https://www.linkedin.com/in/abramcookson


B.J. Allmon 

Senior Software Engineer
email   •  linked in 

Seasoned leader in product engineering with over 20 years experience, lean 

practitioner, author, and speaker who specializes in leadership, program management, 

enabling team autonomy, mastery, and purpose. 

Steve Swing  

Chief Technical Officer
email   •  linked in 

Nearly 30 years of experience in the software industry with 14 of those as an 

independent consultant. Still makes time to learn recent technologies like Lagom, 

Scala, Akka, Play! Bootcamp Master craftsman Trainer.  

Dan Wiebe 

Technical Lead
email   •  linked in 

Head of Design with 10+ years of design experience of eye catching campaigns with 

high conversion rates and software design for systems that maximize ergonomics and 

ease of use.  

!  22

mailto:bj@substratum.net%20
https://www.linkedin.com/in/bjallmon/.
mailto:steve@substratum.net
https://www.linkedin.com/in/steve-swing-042891/
mailto:dan@substratum.net
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dan-wiebe-0a501a1/


Christian Pope 

Chief Marketing Officer 
email   •  linked in  

With 25 years in the field, Christian has served as VP of Marketing, CMO, & Consultant 

with a key emphasis on B2B Fortune 1,000 & B2C Startups. 

Michael Stockwell  

Advisor 
email   •  linked in  

Michael is the owner of FizzPow Games, the creator of Bitcoin Billionaire, an 

accomplished developer and an experienced cryptocurrency investor and is serving as 

an advisor for Substratum.  

Luke Bixler  

Advisor 

Whitepaper & ICO Consultant to numerous top ICOs and clients.

!  23

mailto:christian@substratum.net%20
https://www.linkedin.com/in/christianpope/
mailto:Michael@substratum.net%20
https://www.linkedin.com/in/stockwellmichael

