











































INVEST IN SOLAR ENERGY 
AT ANY SCALE
 
The solar farm backed ICO

SunMoney
Make money,
Save the Planet

SUNMONEY will initiate trading on one of the popular cryptocurrency 
exchanges after the successful completion of the ICO.

www.sunmoney.solar

 Use SMTs: to buy discounted investment packages or rights to commissions, or sell it in SSG’s 
   buyback program or on Crypto Trading Platforms
 Well established global group of companies with existing investment platform and solar power   

   plants in the EU

 International experienced management team and expert advisory team
 10.000 members in the worldwide community

ABSTRACT
Sunmoney Solar Group (SSG) is a community-funded renewable energy company, established in 2013 
with a 2 million euro investment from private investors. With more than 10 000 members 
in 28 countries, SSG owns/operates/owns options of solar power plants with an active capacity 
of 20 MW.

To add new capacity and grow its community, SSG plans to raise funds  by means of Initial 
Coin Offer (ICO). Sunmoney Solar Group is aiming to build 30 MW of solar power capacity in Germany 
and Hungary in 2018 with the funds raised. SSG will also to extend its investment platform to open 
service for 3rd party solar power plants.

By participating in the SMT ICO, you have the opportunity to invest in renewable energy at any scale.

WHITE PAPER V1.1



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

THE COMPANY
SUNMONEY – YOUR REMOTE SOLAR POWER PLANT

WHAT IS SUNMONEY?

SUNMONEY SOLAR GROUP was established in 2013 with a 2 Million EUR investment 
by private investors.

SSG produces electricity from its solar power plants located in different countries. This electricity 
is being sold daily to either end-users or to the public utility companies. The buyers pay for the 
electricity monthly to SSG. New members can become a part of SSG by purchasing a solar package 
from SSG, and as members they will have their own share from the total production capacity based 
on the purchased amount of watts and get monthly payments for 25 years.
One can buy a solar package priced from 2 euros to 85.000 euros. Electricity is being generated, then 
sold on the member’s behalf who will receive a monthly income from the 1st month of the purchase 
to the end of the 25th year. Members can also build their own communities by buying our community 
packages and inviting other people to join through our referral system. 

The value produced by the solar packages are connected to the rights of the solar panels owned 
by SSG and its partners. The revenue from the sales of electricity produced by our power plants 
is proportionally distributed each month within the community.

SOLAR ACCOUNT SYSTEM

Our custom made, state-of-the-art online solar account system tracks member transactions, 
distributes earnings and also lets members check on their earnings from anywhere, anytime.



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

GOALS AND VISION

Protect the environment, provide green energy and make money!

The ultimate goal of SUNMONEY Community Solar Power Programme is to be among the most 
effective environment protection programs of the world. We would like to induce a real change, 
ensure that the benefits resulting from our operations will not be only for a handful of individuals, 
but will extend to all members of our community, and help us to grow further. Another goal of 
SUNMONEY is to bring electricity to places that currently lack in infrastructure, and hence are unable 
to fulfil their daily energy needs, and contribute towards environment protection as well.



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

SOLAR MARKET OUTLOOK

There is an exponentially growing 
demand for electricity. 
The present usage will double 
in the next 20 years 
and quadruple in the next 40.

The price of electricity is getting 
higher and higher every year.
In 15 years the price will be 
2 and a half times of today’s.

The use of solar power in electricity 
generation will be growing from 
1 percent to 30 percent
in the next 20 years.

CATERING FOR THE ELECTRICITY DEMAND OF THE WORLD IS NO SMALL CHALLENGE AND 
MANKIND WILL HAVE TO CONFRONT TERRIFYING CONSEQUENCES IF IT WILL NOT SHIFT 
TO RENEWABLE ENERGY SOURCES. SUNMONEY WISHES TO CATALYSE THIS VERY PROCESS 
WITH ITS ENDEAVOURS.



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

www.sunmoney.solar

COMPANY ROADMAP

2013

First Company 
establishment 

of the SUNMONEY 
Group

2016

Second and third 
company establishment 
of the SUNMONEY Group

March,
 2017

Full scale 
launch

2013 Q4

First operational 
solar power plant

end of 
2016

Pilot project

2017 Q4

New Solar 
Power Plants 
Operational

2014-16

System 
development

2016 Q4

Soft Launch

2018 -
2019

ICO Solar 
Power Plants 
installations

and blockchain 
integration.

2019

IPO

2018 Q4

Financial Institute 
establishment and the 
launch of Investment 
Platform for 100K+

 investors and 3rd party 
solar farms

 



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

www.sunmoney.solar

TOKENOMICS
A total of 10.000.000 SMT tokens will be issued on the Ethereum blockchain using a smart contract, 
of which 7.200.000 will be offered during the ICO process. SMT will comply with the ERC20 standard 
and will be freely transferable on the Ethereum platform. SMT tokens do not indicate ownership 
of a company, SSG will not pay dividends and SMT owners will not earn any direct interest. 
The tokens value will reflect SunMoney Groups activity on the energy market. SunMoney Group 
undertakes to create a buy-back program for the SMT tokens in which SMG uses 20% of its yearly 
profits or 3% of its yearly turnover (whichever is higher) to buy back and destroy SMT tokens. 

Private Sale Start Date Dec.1 2017

Pre-ICO Start Date Feb.1 2018

ICO Start Date March. 15 2018

Rounds Private Sale, Pre-ICO, ICO

Token Symbol SMT

Token Pool Supply 10.000.000

Token Price 150 SMT/ETH

Accepted Contributions BTC & ETH

Token Protocol ETC, ERC20

SUNMONEY ICO DETAILS

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

15%  Private Pre-Sale 
15%  Pre-ICO
42%  ICO
10%  Team
5%    Mentors
3%    Bounty
10%  Long-term Reserve

15%

15%10%
3%

5%

10%

42%

USE OF FUNDS

75%  Building of new Solar Parks
10%  Operations 
8%    Sales&Marketing
5%    R&D
2%    Legal&Compliance

75%10%

8%

5% 2%



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

PROFITABILITY

„SUNMONEY owns, installs and supports all its solar parks. 
The power plants are built at different geographic locations 
with different weather conditions to mitigate local risks
and increase the average output of our solar parks. „



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

The Sunmoney Tokens’ profitability is based on the 3 core activities of the SUNMONEY SOLAR GROUP:

SOLAR POWER PLANTS:

SUNMONEY owns, installs and supports all its solar parks. New parks are built on a regular basis. 
All these power plants have long term contracts for selling electricity to public utilities and companies. 
The solar panels used in our parks are manufactured by the prestigious German company, Bauer 
Energiekonzepte GmbH and come with 25 years warranty. All the plants have insurance and are
regularly audited. The exploitation rights of these plants based on Watt output are sold in packages
to our members. The power plants are built at different geographic locations with different weather 
conditions to mitigate local risks and increase the average output of our solar parks. All the members 
buy the rights in this pool of solar power plants.

TOKEN VALUE

PLANNED SUM OF BUYBACK

160 000 000 €

140 000 000 €

120 000 000 €

100 000 000 €

80 000 000 €

60 000 000 €

40 000 000 €

20 000 000 €

0 €
2018

2019
2020

2021
2022

2018 3 268 295 €

2019 15 274 096 €

2020 40 280 030 €

2021 90 286 099 €

2022 150 292 305 €

Revenue Year Network members

100 000 000 € 2018 50 000 prs 3 268 295 €

500 000 000 € 2019 250 000 prs 15 274 096 €

1 250 000 000 € 2020 625 000 prs 40 280 030 €

2 500 000 000 € 2021 1 250 000 prs 90 286 099 €

3 750 000 000 € 2022 1 875 000 prs 150 292 305 €

Token’s value change 196% 864% 2253% 5032% 8366%

TOKEN VALUE EXAMPLE:

1000 EUR 1.960 EUR 8.640 EUR 22.530 EUR 50.320 EUR 83.660 EUR

Year 1SMT Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

COMMUNITY BUILDING / NETWORK MARKETING:

All the members joining the SUNMONEY community add to the value of the group. The ones who buy 
solar packages increase the total Watt output in the system. The members who buy community/
business packages help to grow the community and also add to the Watt output in the system. 
The key element of the network and referral system is that the members will enjoy the benefits of their 
packages and the benefits of their referred members’ packages for 25 years without having to buy 
another package.

THE EXPANSION OF THE PLATFORM:

Currently the SSG’s investment platform is limited to investments below 100K euro. SSG is planning 
to expand its platform to receive investments above 100K euro. This platform will be complementary 
to our existing system. This platform will also welcome the owners of 3rd party solar power plants, 
who will be able to sell short and long term investments by the Watt on any scale. All these solar 
power plants will be audited by independent auditors – PWC, Deloitte - and will be monitored 
by blockchain technology. 

Sellers will be able to realize short-, mid- and long term earnings immediately on their solar power 
plant projects to accelerate ROIs

Buyers will be able to invest in renewable energy remotely for short-, mid- and long term earnings 
to realize profit without the initial investment of building a solar power plant.

Example: 
Seller has 20,000 kW solar power plant in Germany. Seller wants to sell the exploitation right of 1,000 
kW because of a sudden need of cash. Buyer wants to invest in a fully licensed and operational solar 
farm for 5 years to gain profit without the initial investment. SSG’s investment platform will allow 
these types of transactions securely and transparently.

SSG has an initial line up of 50 companies to use this new investment platform for selling investments. 
In the first year of operation of the new platform SSG expects 2000 solar power plants to be listed
on it with 15,000 signed up investors. SSG will charge commissions on all 3rd party transactions. 

On the long run, SSG will broaden this investment platform to a 360º indexed trading platform 
for renewable energy 

OTHER:

Crypto mining:
The two most popular business trends, renewable energy and cryptomining combined in a new 
package and service with all the network benefits. Members are now able to buy SunMining packages 
to earn money from the SunMoney cryptomine for 2 years. The SunMoney cryptomine is running 
on solar energy.

Beside the core activities of the company, SUNMONEY has other activities, which include:

- Renewable energy related consultancy
- Installing solar power plants for 3rd parties
- Renewable energy related research and development
- Creating strong community value for renewable energy related products and services



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

All these activities guarantee the growth of the company and the dynamic growth of the value 
of the SUNMONEY Token. 

All these activities are backed by physical assets, which generate value every day.

SUNMONEY SOLAR GROUP is a member of the United Nations Global Compact, UN Carbon Pricing 
Champions, the International Solar Energy Society and the Renewable Energy Alliance. We have 
access to relevant data from these organizations as well as the public databases of IRENA and IEA. 
We use these statistics, renewable energy industrial averages, best practices and our historical data 
to build our business plan and forecasts.

BLOCKCHAIN INTEGRATION:

We are in the process of integrating blockchain to Sunmoney’s Solar Account System and our 
payment system too. Also the new investment platform and the monitoring of all solar power plants 
will be based on blockchain and smart contracts to provide security and transparency.

Transparency

Up-to-date Solar Farm production data will be stored in the blockchain to guarantee transparent 
production information both for partners and investors. All existing Solar Farms are outfitted with 
a sophisticated real-time monitoring unit which provides all necessary technical and production data 
to SunMoney’s operation center. This data will be stored directly in the blockchain, guaranteeing both 
partners and investors unmatched insight both into operations and financial insights.

Investment platform

SunMoney plans to offer access to it’s investment community and energy trading partners to third 
party Solar Farm owners and operators. These third-party capacities will enter SunMoney’s energy 
and financial settlement network via smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain. Financial 
settlement will be automatic, secure and transparent to third party operators and investors both.

ICO PERKS:

SPECIAL DISCOUNTS: The ones who participate in the ICO will be offered special discounts 
on all of our available business packages if they pay with SUNMONEY TOKENS and/or BTC or ETH. 
The SMTs received will be destroyed.

IPO PRIORITY: In the case of an IPO, SMT Token holders will have priority buying option for stocks.

BUY BACK PROGRAM: SUNMONEY SOLAR GROUP undertakes to create a buy-back program 
for the SMT tokens, in which SSG uses 20% of its yearly profits or 3% of its yearly turnover 
(whichever is higher) to buy back and destroy SMT tokens.

COMMISSIONS: After the launch of SSG’s 100K+ EUR investment platform SMT holders will be able 
to buy right to commissions connected to the revenue of the platform. 
The SMTs received will be destroyed.



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

SOLAR POWER PLANTS

„Currently, we have solar power plants in Germany 
and in Hungary. These power plants are owned by our German 
entity SUNMONEY Solar GmbH and were built by our partner 
Bauer Energiekonzepte GMBH, which is the market leading 
solar panel manufacturer and solar power plant installer 
in Germany.” 



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

www.sunmoney.solar

SOLAR POWER PLANTS

Currently, we have solar power plants in Germany and in Hungary. These power plants are owned 
by our German entity SUNMONEY Solar GmbH and were built by our partner Bauer Energiekonzepte 
GMBH, which is the market leading solar panel manufacturer and solar power plant installer  
in Germany. These power plants are insured and have long term guarantees that all the produced 
energy will be bought by the public utilities. We are in the process of installing new power plants 
for which we have already reserved and secured all permissions required. 

Currently SSG is installing a 500kW solar farm in Hungary. There is 2 MW capacity on neighbouring 
slots to be installed at this location. In Hungary authorities have permitted the installation of 2000 MW 
of solar power plants. SSG’s other main geographic location for solar farms is Germany, where there
are even more potential power plant projects available. Our strategic partner Solartechnik GmbH  
is informing us about potential installation slots continuously. Here are some examples of such locations:

 Name 
 of solar park

 Place  Performance
 Produced 

energy 
 Reduced 

CO2 quantity  

W kWh kg

 Sunmoney 1  Hungary, Nemesvamos  54 880     1 687 500     617 400    

 Sunmoney 2  Hungary, Telki  16 000     500 000     180 000    

 Sunmoney 3  Germany, Langenheim  175 000     4 375 000     1 968 750    

 Sunmoney 4  Hungary, Lajosmizse  522 500     16 328 125     5 878 125    

 Sunmoney 5  Hungary, Lajosmizse 2  522 500     16 328 125     5 878 125    

 Sunmoney 6  Hungary, Szeged  420 000     13 125 000     4 725 000    

 Sunmoney 7  Hungary, Kunszentmarton  35 000     1 093 750     393 750    

 Sunmoney 8  Germany, Saxony  1 340 000     30 150 000     10 854 000    

 Sunmoney 9  Germany, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern  122 040     2 822 175     1 015 983    

 Sunmoney 10  Germany, Thuringia  3 748 300     8 234 875     2 964 555    

 Sunmoney 11  Germany, Saxony-Anhalt  414 150     10 115 613     3 641 620    

 Sunmoney 12  Germany, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern  749 250     17 425 307     6 273 110    

 Sunmoney 13  Germany, Brandenburg  294 690     6 939 950     2 498 381    

 Sunmoney 14  Germany, Saxony  546 000     11 752 650     4 230 954    

 Sunmoney 15  Germany, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern  1 030 000     22 582 750     8 129 790    

 Sunmoney 16  Germany, Brandenburg  860 000     20 554 000     7 399 440    

Built
Under development
Optioned



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

ABOUT US

„SUNMONEY Solar Group is an international group consisting 
of several entities that develop and implement the 
SUNMONEY Community Solar Power Programme.”



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

ABOUT US

SUNMONEY SOLAR GROUP

SUNMONEY Solar Group is an international group consisting of several entities that develop 
and implement the SUNMONEY Community Solar Power Programme.

SUNMONEY Solar GmbH
Widenmayerstrasse 32
Munchen- 80538
Germany
 
SUNMONEY Solar GmbH is a company registered in Germany and operating under German laws. 
This entity is responsible for the realization, management and maintenance of our physical assets, 
our solar power plants worldwide. This entity gave the exploitation rights of these solar parks to our 
financial headquarters SUNMONEY Solar FZ LLE in the UAE to be sold to our members. The German 
entity directly owns part of our marketing entity in Singapore.

SUNMONEY Solar FZ LLE
17th & 18th Floor
Creative Tower
Fujairah
United Arab Emirates

SUNMONEY Solar FZ LLE is the financial center of SUNMONEY Solar Group. All of the contracts  
and payments are issued from here. The United Arab Emirates has an ideal legal, taxation  
and financial environment to conduct business. The country’s law is based on the laws  
of the United Kingdom. All the money put into Sunmoney’s system is insured by the group’s physical 
assets in Europe. Our German entity have pledged the assets to the UAE entity as security.  
That is why the system is based on nominal power output (W).

SUNMONEY Solar Pte. Ltd.
59 Ubi Avenue 1. #03-11,
Singapore,
408938 

SUNMONEY Solar Pte. Ltd. is solely responsible for marketing and sales in the Asian region.



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

COMPANY MEMBERSHIPS 



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

www.sunmoney.solar

COMPANY MEMBERSHIPS 

UNITED NATIONS GLOBAL COMPACT: 

SUNMONEY is a participant and the supporter of the United Nations Global Compact initiative. 
Together, with 12 thousand companies and organisations from 170 countries, we are shaping
a sustainable future and aligning strategies and operations with universal principles on human rights, 
labour, environment and anti-corruption, and taking actions that advance societal goals.  

UNITED NATIONS CARBON PRICING CHAMPIONS:

Putting a price on carbon can encourage low-carbon growth and lower greenhouse gas emissions. 
More and more business leaders are standing up in support of a price on carbon. Nearly 40 national 
and 20 sub-national jurisdictions are already participating or preparing for a carbon price. 
The UN Global Compact calls on companies to set an internal price at a minimum of $100 per metric 
ton over time. 



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

www.sunmoney.solar

INTERNATIONAL SOLAR ENERGY SOCIETY:

For over 60 years the members of The International Solar Energy Society (ISES) have undertaken 
the product research that has helped the renewable energy industry to grow. ISES, through its 
knowledge sharing and community building programs, helps its global membership provide  
the technical information to accelerate the transformation to 100% renewable energy and thereby 
achieve the following vision: a world with 100% renewable energy for everyone used wisely  
and efficiently.  

RENEWABLE ENERGY ALLIANCE:

The REN-Alliance brings together five renewable industry organizations to promote the use of 
renewable energy technologies worldwide: the International Hydropower Association, 
the International Geothermal Association, the International Solar Energy Society, the World Bioenergy 
Association, and the World Wind Energy Association. Since its formation, the REN-Alliance we have 
been reporting on and promoting how renewable energy technologies can work together to meet 
global energy security, economic, and environmental challenges. Together, we work towards a world 
where our energy needs are met by renewable sources. A renewable energy future is possible if we 
combine the strengths of different technologies. Our mission is to demonstrate how renewables can 
work together in different local, national and regional contexts to meet the world’s energy needs.  



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

THE TEAM
SUNMONEY SOLAR GROUP’s management team is a group of well established serial entrepreneurs 
and successful ex-corporate C level executives. They have built international companies and startups 
with annual revenues of up to 5 million EUR and signed deals of over 100 million EUR, participated 
in billion EUR regional development projects. They have worked and made deals with companies like 
Deutsche Telekom, Electronic Arts, Microsoft, Samsung, CNN, Ericsson, Bertelsmann AG, Intel, Telenor, 
Gas Natural Fenosa, ADNOC, Beckman Coulter, NNG, MOL, KDB Bank, Chevrolet, CAE Healthcare, GE, 
Shell, Vodafone, Sberbank, Lukoil, Prysmian, Delphi and  many more.



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

THE TEAM

Gábor Eisenbart - founder, owner
Gábor has been building successful companies for more than two decades. He established his first 
company at the age of 14, later on he invested 10 years in building a market leading international 
logistics enterprise. He has been active in the renewable energy sector for 5 years. He started to get 
involved to make life liveable and more sustainable, and later he realised that there was a huge 
business potential in it too. Gábor is an economist who conducted his studies in Hungary  
and in the USA. As the father of two little kids, he strongly believes that we are the key to making  
our future better for our children and ourselves as individuals, and as a community too.  
Gábor feels that Sunmoney is a great opportunity to decide freely about how much time and effort 
can one put into building the community which holds the key to a better future.

  LinkedIn Profile

Dr. Levente Tóth - owner
Levente was already building companies before he had gotten his degree in law. He has international 
experience in project management and corporate leadership, and he also has extensive knowledge  
of corporate and civil procedural law. One of his goals in life is to make green energy available all 
over the world and to contribute to giving the future generation a planet as green as our 
grandparents had lent to us. As the owner and CEO of Sunmoney Community Solar Programme,  
he is working on making this great opportunity available to more and more people worldwide.

  LinkedIn Profile

László Balogh - CEO
Laszlo has more than 17 years of progressively responsible professional experience in management 
consulting, project and programme management. His experience comes from many finished system 
integration and consultancy projects at one of the world’s largest consultancy firms. He was also the 
MD of a billion Euro regional development agency.
Laszlo is an active cosmopolitan, and his go-getter attitude helped him to be successful around the 
globe. He has spent many years studying and working in England, Sweden and Nigeria apart from 
his homeland. Laszlo studied architecture in Hungary and carried out his management studies in 
England. Laszlo joined SunMoney in 2016 to put all of his efforts to develop Sunmoney and ensure 
successful long term business operation.

  LinkedIn Profile



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

Tamas Szerémy - IT Security and Blockchain Expert
Tamás is an IT professional with more than 15 years experience in senior managerial role. 
He studied Information Technology at the Budapest University of Technology and Economics 
and Technical Management at the Gábor Dénes College. Tamás has extensive experience
in multiplatform software and cloud based backend development. He managed multiple 
1500+ man/month IT projects and established award winning startup teams.
Lately he is focused on big data systems and real-world applications of the blockchain technology.

  LinkedIn Profile

Timur R. Magomedov - Global Business Development Director
Timur studied in Russia and in Hungary. As a student showed a lot of interest in the energy sector, 
especially the use of fossil fuel and renewable energy within the EU. He started his career at an 
international oil company. He has worked on several large scale projects as an investment and 
business consultant. He has more than a decade of senior management experience. Timur’s main 
goal as the member of the Sunmoney team is to promote the use of green energy and an 
environmentally conscious lifestyle.

  LinkedIn Profile

Zoltán Rendes - Global Marketing Director
Zoltán is a marketing, communications and business development professional with over 10 years 
of senior-management experience. Having launched his career in the media industry, he has worked 
as a war correspondent and a television host. He has also managed national and international 
creative and marketing teams. Zoltán immersed himself in the startup world and has worked on both 
Hungarian and international projects. As a consultant and management coach, he is mainly active
in the health, energy and high-tech sectors. He has studied in the USA, England and Hungary. 
He is responsible for global marketing and communications within the Sunmoney Solar Group.

  LinkedIn Profile

Péter Bahorecz - Global Community Director
Peter worked in the electricity and industrial automation sector for more than 20 years. Environment 
protection has always been important for him. He has been showing people how clean and 
renewable energy can be a business opportunity.. He thinks that Sunmoney is not just a business, 
because the members and builders of the community as individuals and as a group are able to build 
a more livable world. He learned about sales from one of the best closing specialists in Europe. 
As the Global Community Director, his main focus is education and the development of community 
building tools.

  LinkedIn Profile

Bence Báthi - Digital Marketing Advisor - Brutal Media UK

  LinkedIn Profile



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

Ivan Nadein - Renewable Energy Advisor , International Expert of Renewable Energy,  
Chairmain of the Ukranian Energy Independence Committee

Since 2004 he has carried on business. Since 2008 he has entered the renewable energy market. 
He was the head of Ukrainian Association of Alternative Solid Fuel Producers. He was the initiator 
and ideologist of the non-governmental organization “Committee of Ukraine’s Energy Independence”.
In 2011 he founded the Group of Companies Ukrteplo.
The Group of Companies Ukrteplo is one of the market leaders of renewable energy in Ukraine. 
The company was founded in 2011 and currently conducts business in 14 regions of Ukraine and 
in a number of other countries such as Moldova, Hungary. The company successfully implemented 
over 1000 projects.

  LinkedIn Profile

ENERGY SECTOR ADVISORS

Péter Tóth  - Energy Trading Advisor - CEO of HUPX Hungarian Power Exchange, 
the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Central Eastern European Gas Exchange 
(CEEGEX) and the chairman of the Board of Directors of HUDEX Energy Exchange Ltd 

Mr. Péter Tóth has been the CEO of HUPX Hungarian Power Exchange since 15th July 2016, he is also 
the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Central Eastern European Gas Exchange (CEEGEX)  
and the chairman of the Board of Directors of HUDEX Energy Exchange Ltd – both subsidiaries 
of HUPX.

The primary goal of Mr. Tóth, who accumulated significant expertise in the energy industry, is to lead 
the HUPX Group in their future projects to success. Such projects include the launch of the first  
Hungarian derivative gas and electricity exchange, the Day-ahead Flow-based market coupling  
and the Intraday market coupling, in accordance with the energy strategy of the European  
Commission in order to create a single electricity market throughout the EU. 

Mr. Péter Tóth graduated in Economics at the University of Pécs, he began his career  
at the consulting department of IBM. Later on he worked at MAVIR Ltd. – the parent company  
of HUPX – as CFO, and  as Deputy CEO for Market Operations and Finance. 

He continued his career as the CEO of PannErgy Plc. - listed on the Budapest Stock Exchange,  
in the premium category - , and led one of the largest renewable energy investments in Hungary.

  LinkedIn Profile

Sergiy Yermilov  - International Specialist in Energy Sector, Former Minister 
of Fuel and Energy of Ukraine. 

Director of Institute for Environment and Energy Conservation (IEEC)
Minister of Fuel and Energy of Ukraine (2000-2001, 2002-2004)
Chairman of the National Agency of Ukraine for Ensuring the Efficient Use 
of Energy Resources (2009-2010)
First Deputy Minister of Energy of Ukraine. (2009-2010)
Adviser to the Prime Minister of Ukraine (2010) 

  LinkedIn Profile



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

Dr Kanth Miriyala  - ICO and Blockchain Advisor - TuringLabs
CEO & Co-Founder at Turinglabs.io & Cryptoknights.io.
Founder/Advisor/Early Stage Investor in Quintant (sold to iGATE), Qik (sold to Skype),  
Gravitant (sold to IBM), Cicada Resorts (sold to Premji Invest).
Former Head of Global Business Consulting at iGATE.
Currently helping Blockchain startups’ founders make disruptive innovations.
Advisor to Blocksale, VeriMe, SunMoney and more. 

  LinkedIn Profile

Andreas Bauer - Solar Energy Advisor CEO and Owner of BAUER Energiekonzepte GMBH 
(Germany)

Profile

Alekszej Borscs  - Energy Investment Advisor - Gazprom
Alekszej Borscs - Alekszej holds a Bachelor degree in Business Studies from the Oxford Brookes 
University, UK and an MBA from the Webster University, USA. He started his career at Lukoil 
supporting the european expansion of the largest private Russian oil company. He then joined 
the German managament consultancy Roland Berger, where as project manager he supported 
clients in Hungary, Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Serbia, Romania, Lithuania, Ukraine, Russia 
and Kazakhstan mainly focusing on the energy sector, but also tackling projects in transportation, 
manufacturing and financial services. Since 2014 Alekszej is working at Gazprom in Berlin 
as a Senior M&A manager, where besides taking part in the group investment activities around 
Europe he also facilitates various intragroup restructuring and PMI programmes.

  LinkedIn Profile

ICO/BLOCKCHAIN ADVISORS

Divyashish Yindal - Cryptocurrency and ICO Advisor - Jacobi Partners

  LinkedIn Profile

Prateek Dimri - Blockchain and Smart Contract Advisor - Jacobi Partners

  LinkedIn Profile

Parag Arora  - ICO and Blockchain Advisor - TuringLabs
CTO & Co-Founder at Turinglabs.io & Glowing.io., Y Combinator, Microsoft & IITD Alumnus.
Co-founded Glowing.io and PlusTxt later sold to PayTM (India arm of Alibaba). 
Developed various Wallets, Smart Contracts, DApps and Infrastructure on Blockchain.

  LinkedIn Profile



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

CONTACT US

ICO PARTNERS



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

www.sunmoney.solar

DISCLAIMER:

This document is for information purposes only, and is not an offer or a call to sell stocks or securiti-
es on the Sunmoney ICO platform, or that of any other related or associated company.

LEGAL GOVERNANCE AND COMPLIANCE:

We have invested in seeking out legal and compliance expertise to ensure that Sunmoney meets 
the new regulatory rules of the Initial Coin Offering at the ICO-stage. Sunmoney ICO focuses 
on the legislative regulation of ICO, digital tokens and operations with cryptocurrencies to provide our 
Users and Contributors safe and reliable solutions for crowdfunding 2.0.

HOWEY TEST:

According to the professional opinion of our legal advisors, based on the Howey Test our Sunmoney 
Tokens should not be deemed as securities and do not need to be registered as a security.

SUNMONEY TOKENS ARE NOT SECURITIES:

User acknowledges, understands, and agrees that Sunmoney Tokens are not securities and are not 
registered with any government entity as a security, and shall not be considered as such. 
User acknowledges, understands, and agrees that ownership of Sunmoney Tokens does not grant 
the User the right to receive profits, income or other payments or returns arising from the acquisition, 
holding, management or disposal of, the exercise of, the redemption of, or the expiry of, any right,
interest, title or benefit in the Sunmoney ICO or Sunmoney ICO Platform or any other Sunmoney 
property, whole or in part.

ABSENCE OF GUARANTEES OF INCOME OR PROFIT:

There is no guarantee that Sunmoney tokens will grow in value. There are no guarantees that the
price of Sunmoney Tokens will not decrease, including significantly, due to some unforeseen events,
or events over which the developers have no control, or because of force majeure circumstances.

SUNMONEY TOKENS ARE NOT AN INVESTMENT:

Sunmoney Tokens are not official or legally binding investments of any kind. In case of unforeseen
circumstances, the objectives stated in this document may be changed. Despite the fact that we intend 
to reach all goals described in this document, all persons and parties involved in the purchase 
of Sunmoney Tokens do so at their own risk.

LEGAL



SUNMONEY ICO    WHITE PAPER

www.sunmoney.solar

REGULATORY UNCERTAINTY:

Blockchain technologies are subject to supervision and control by various regulatory bodies around 
the world. Sunmoney Tokens may fall under one or more requests or actions on their part, including 
but not limited to restrictions imposed on the use or possession of digital tokens such as Sunmoney 
Tokens, which may slow or limit the functionality or repurchase of Sunmoney Tokens in the future.

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ETHEREUM:

Sunmoney Tokens will be issued on the Ethereum blockchain. Therefore, any failure or malfunctioning 
of the Ethereum protocol may lead to the trading network of Sunmoney Tokens not working 
as expected.

RISKS OF USING NEW TECHNOLOGIES:

Sunmoney Tokens are a new and relatively untested technology. In addition to the risks mentioned 
in this document, there are certain additional risks that the team of the Sunmoney ICO platform 
cannot foresee. These risks may manifest themselves in other forms of risk than those specified 
herein.

RISK OF LOSING FUNDS:

Funds collected in fundraising are in no way insured. If they are lost or lose their value, there is no 
private or public insurance representative that buyers can reach out to.

TAX & REGULATORY RISKS:

The token buyer must conduct their own due diligence to ensure that they comply with all local laws 
regarding cryptocurrency, tax, securities and other regulations in their jurisdiction.

REFUNDS:

Refunds are not permitted. Sales will be final once transacted.

LIABILITIES:

This White Paper does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation to purchase, the SMT tokens in any 
jurisdiction in which such offer or sale would be unlawful. Whether taken as a whole or read in part, 
this White Paper is not, and should not be regarded as, any form of legal, financial, tax, or other 
professional advice. You should seek independent professional advice before making your own 
decision as to whether or not to buy, sell or receive any SMT tokens. You are responsible for any 
and all evaluations, assessments, and decisions you make in relation to buying, selling or receiving 
SMT tokens. SUNMONEY is not responsible for compelling any person to accept SMT tokens 
and disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all liability for any adverse consequences
arising out of or in relation to such rejections of the SMT tokens.


