













































Trading signals from experienced traders 

with reliable ratings on Blockchain

WHITE PAPER
v3.07



2

Executive summary
 
Take Profit is the first aggregating platform of the most up-to-date information on 
trading and investment. The platform provides an opportunity for traders to publish 
their investment advice and receive money from each of their subscribers. In their turn, 
subscribers get access to a huge base of investment advice (market signals) which will 
bring them a consistently high income that doesn’t have to be shared with portfolio 
managers.

At present, the market of cryptocurrency signals remains “wild” in the absence of financial 
regulation. The main risk for customers who buy signals via instant messengers or sites 
is the lack of guarantees from the seller. Communication channels are fully controlled 
by their creators. There is a technical opportunity to change the proposed signals post 
factum and fictitiously raise the indicators of the profitability level. Thus, new customers 
are attracted, who, in fact, become victims of scammers.

Take Profit project solves this problem making the industry as transparent as possible 
due to the use of the blockchain technology. When using Take Profit platform, any 
user can easily check the real performance of each signal provider on the platform. 
All signals are verified on the blockchain. They cannot be changed or deleted without 
overall circuit integrity violation.

As a result, an independent rating system working for the benefit of the entire 
cryptocurrency community is formed. Anyone can see the indicators of a specific signal 
provider on Take Profit platform. (Take Profit rating, average yield of signals, frequency 
of publications, risk level etc.)

A user can make a rational choice based on his market strategy. Such tool will be 
useful both for a professional who needs fresh ideas and a newcomer who does not 
understand the market trends and is afraid to be deceived.

On the other hand, Take Profit provides an easy way for talented professional traders 
to monetize their skills by selling them directly to their subscribers. Opening their 
channel on Take Profit platform, the provider independently fixes the cost of a monthly 
subscription to signals and only pays a small commission for using it.

We invested our own funds and created a working MVP (Minimum Viable Product). 
The user can login to their account, choose the provider of the signals, depending on 
their performance, and subscribe to their channel.
 
All the published signals become part of the blockchain circuit, which allows them to 
check their consistency at any time.



3

The main XTP token is released on the Ethereum platform and is the main means of 
payment. Using XTP token, You get the opportunity to use the services and benefits 
provided on Take Profit platform. In case a participant of the system owns tokens but 
does not use them in any way, he has the right to receive an additional bonus for making 
useful actions on Take Profit platform.

We appreciate honesty, and if we cannot reach the targets on tokens implementation 
for each of the rounds, all the received funds will be returned to the participants.

We believe that we are creating a new future for cryptocurrency market!



4

Contents
 
1. Motivation to create a project  5

2. Market research  8
2.1 Market of cryptocurrency signals        8
2.2 Unsatisfied demand for signals  10
2.3 Analysis of the market of signals at traditional currency pairs   12
2.4 Cryptocurrency signal market prospects and Take Profit share  13
2.5 Summary of the section  15

3. Description of the platform  16
3.1 Getting to know the platform  17
3.2 Signal Structure  19
3.3 Verification on the blockchain  19
3.4 Rating system  20
3.5 Rating calculation mechanism  22
3.6 API usage  22

4. Platform usage  23
4.1 Subscribers  23
4.2 Signal Providers  24
4.3 Algorithmic traders  25
4.4 Big Data Aggregator  25

5. The Advantages of XTP Tokens purchase  25
5.1 MVP is already created at the team’s own expenses  26
5.2 Participation in the product creation  26
5.3 Return of funds due to impossibility to reach the targets of stages  26
5.4 Bonus reward for holding tokens  26
5.5 The referral system during Pre-TGE and TGE stages  27

6. Token economy  28
6.1 Bonus program  28

7. Token Generation Event  30
7.1 Specification of the token  30
7.2 Pre-TGE stage  30
7.3 TGE stage  31

8. Project Team  33

9. Project roadmap            35

Contacts             37



5

1. Motivation to create a project
Take Profit project is pleased to welcome dear participants on the pages of our white 
paper. In this document we will try to give the briefest information on our project 
concept focusing not only on its advantages but also on its risks, so that you will be able 
to make a thorough and rational decision.

Over the past six months the volume of trading in cryptocurrency has increased several 
times over. A lot of people from professional traders to gamblers have rushed to this 
market. Most newcomers make the decision to trade on their own and immediately face 
some practical problems. Work, household duties, studies and family constantly distract 
from market monitoring, while professional traders prepare strategies recalculating 
risks every minute, collecting news and buying up the insider information. Beginners 
initially start losing to them because lack of time for the analysis of the current situation 
on the exchange affects the results of work with the assets.

After several not very successful attempts to invest, new players begin to think about 
transferring assets to trust management where all the decisions are made by a portfolio 
manager. Professional managers receive immense revenues collecting huge interest 
from profit and turnover from depositors. At the same time, all risk remains exclusively 
on the trader-newcomer, as the managers do not bear any material responsibility for 
the decisions made. The trader does not often have the slightest idea which asset his 
funds are invested in. If the fund suffers serious losses and declares itself bankrupt, 
clients lose all assets then. With the current level of cryptocurrency market volatility, a 
manager can completely zero out your portfolio just in a minute.

Traders are aware of their defenseless position towards professional portfolio managers 
and start looking for alternative ways of trading on cryptocurrency market that would 
not require their own time. In this case, traders begin to use trading signals.

Signals are recommendations or brief analytics on purchase or sale 
of a certain asset on the market. Analyzing them, even basic traders 
can quickly adopt the most appropriate strategy.

A distinctive feature of signals is their recommendatory nature. This is only a piece of 
advice that a trader can use at their own discretion. Buying signals, traders actually 
pay for their time which they would have to spend on a detailed market research and 
forecasting of trends for the cryptocurrency exchange rate. Signal sellers (professional 
traders) actually help to see strategies or solutions for the income provision. When using 
signals, You always control Your money. Thus, the possibility of manipulating 
Your assets within the fund and the risk of their total loss is completely excluded.



6

Demand always breeds supply. Providers of both paid and free signals have quickly 
appeared on the market. Most often, these are traders and analysts who have a good 
command of  “crypt” who want to monetize their skills further and are ready to share 
their knowledge and forecasts for a moderate fee. It would seem that THIS IS the solution 
to all problems. It is only necessary to find a competent analyst, to receive signals and 
to trade with their help, receiving income.

The situation was exactly as described above at the beginning of the formation of 
cryptocurrency market. Take Profit team has been professionally advising individuals 
on trading in the cryptocurrency markets for more than three years. Recently, we 
have started noticing emerging issues. The signal market is not regulated in any way, 
therefore sellers do not bear any responsibility for spreading deliberately unprofitable 
signals or manipulating signals already published.

Dishonest sellers or scammers practice editing signals post factum, thereby increasing 
their attractiveness in the eyes of new players in the market. By advertising themselves 
in this way, they overstate their results, obviously, distorting expectations of future 
subscribers.

Moreover, it is not possible to check the quality of signals without constant monitoring. 
This kind of fraud is common in Telegram channels where any post previously published 
in the channel can be deleted or edited at any time.
 
Take Profit team has repeatedly faced such dishonest providers. By their actions, 
they undermine faith in the future of the cryptocurrency market and interest in 
cryptocurrencies on behalf of new to the market traders.
 
We decided to change the market development trends and have already created an 
aggregating platform for cryptocurrency signals - Take Profit. We used blockchain 
technology to ensure that all the signals that had ever been published by the provider 
on the platform were recorded in a non-breaking circuit which cannot be changed.
 
Now every trader who enters the market will be able to determine the analyst most 
suitable for them, based on their real results, as soon as possible. The platform 
automatically calculates the result of each signal provider in automatic mode and no 
one can forge or modify the results.
 
In addition to our anti-fraud policy in the market, Take Profit platform provides an easy 
way for talented analysts to monetize their skills by selling them to their subscribers 
directly. Opening their channel on Take Profit platform, providers independently fix the 
cost of a monthly subscription to the signals they produce. They no longer need to deal 
with dishonest players or waste time on advertising and publicity stunt.
 



7

The platform we have written will create the most transparent and honest rating of 
analysts and bring together the best market analysts with the most successful future 
traders.
 



8

2. Market research

2.1 Market of cryptocurrency signals
 

Cryptocurrency signals today
 
The growing interest in cryptocur-
rency brings more and more new 
players to the exchanges. First of 
all, they are attracted by high prof-
itability. At the same time, new-
comers want to protect themselves 
against high risks without going 
into the market’s details. That’s 
why they often look for the sources 
of quality advice from more experi-
enced traders.
 
Many strategy copying platforms in 
the traditional markets have already 
launched the cryptocurrency 
direction.  Yet  one of the 
cryptocurrency market features is 
a huge influx of newcomers. Most 
of them are not ready to trust their 
deposit to anyone. Moreover, at 
first new players are not willing to pay for insight or useful advice. Therefore one of 
the most popular sources of advice are cryptocurrency channels in Telegram. They 
attract newcomers by the opportunity to receive information about the market for 
free. In addition, the very “chaos” model of Telegram is congenial to the supporters of 
decentralized currencies.
 
The audience of cryptocurrency channels is 408 thousand users. Almost half of the 
channels is devoted to analytics, signals and forecasts. Channels advertising “free 
signals” are often seen within large cryptocurrency channels. On such channels the 
author publishes 1 free signal per day and shares screenshots of successful signals 
from paid channels.
 
In this case, no one prevents the author of paid signals from sharing screenshots of only 
those signals  that have operated well or from editing the signal post-factum, Telegram 
allows you to do this. And only then to take a screenshot.

Chanels w/ paid signals
Audience = 2,5k

Chanels w/ free signals
Audience = 178,6k

Crypto chanels
Audience = 408,3k



9

 
In other words, the only way to assess the quality of paid signals is to pay for one 
month. At the same time the fee is very substantial - around $ 200-800 per month on 
the most popular channels. However, this uncertainty does not stop users. In addition, 
authors often give large discounts for the entry because they simply do not have other 
methods to attract subscribers. Another important point is that the authors are not 
protected from theft of signals. Any paid subscriber can start their channel where they 
will resell the same signals at cheaper price. Theft of signals makes it difficult to attract 
new subscribers.
 

Cryptocurrency signals: current offer

Take Profit team has researched 
the growth of the audience of 
key cryptocurrency channels for 
the last 6 months. The more the 
media talk about cryptocurrency, 
the more people enter the largest 
cryptocurrency channels. Their 
audience grows evenly, by 26% per 
month at average.

Channels with free signals also 
show growth but much slower, 
about 14% per month. They 
have only one way to attract 
subscribers - to post advertising 
about themselves in larger 
cryptocurrency channels. There 
are quite few large platforms, 
placing ads too often is inefficient 
and expensive. In addition, not all 
users are ready to trust the signals 
in Telegram.
 
Owners of channels with signals 
and analytics tried different 
models of monetization: paid 
education, subscribers’ capital 
management. These models 
did not work - newcomers of 
cryptocurrency market would like 
to  join the game immediately and 

May Jun Jul Aug Sept Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb

May Jun Jul Aug Sept Oct

800 000

700 000

600 000

500 000

400 000

300 000

200 000

100 000

0

Free signals chanels Paid signals chanels

92.00

1.1

178.60

178.60

Revenue per month, $

Subscribers, thousand people

$ 677 600



10

receive a quick income rather than study. 

The transfer of capital to management works well in traditional markets but such 
scheme did not suit beginners of cryptocurrency trading: firstly, they did not trust the 
authors of channels who often remained anonymous. Secondly, it was often a question 
of too small amounts that were not interesting to the managers themselves.
 
Though, a suitable model was found soon after this. The authors of the channels 
realized that they could sell better and more regular signals on closed paid channels 
with a subscription fee. The market took this idea well: the audience of paid channels 
has grown exponentially by 85% per month since their appearance in May. Revenue 
of the authors has exceeded $ 677,000 per month by October (and this is in Telegram 
only).
 
It turned out that it’s quite easy to convert your free subscribers into paid ones: big 
discounts, screenshots of paid signals and rave reviews of paid subscribers. What is 
most importantly - the fear of lost profit. Up to a certain point, the paid channel grows 
really fast inside the free one.

Unfortunately, the paid channel cannot always show a growth rate higher than a free 
parent one. There comes a time when a significant part of the subscribers to the free 
channel is already subscribed to the paid signals. And the share of growth of the paid 
subscribers starts to slow down. From now on, the free parent channel and the paid 
channel inside it will grow at the same speed, about ~ 14% per month.

The only point of growth of the paid channel is to attract new subscribers to the free 
channel for their further conversion. At the same time, the free channel still does not 
have a large-scale method to attract users. Thus, Telegram channels with signals are 
able to satisfy only a limited part of the total demand for signals.
 

2.2 Unsatisfied demand for signals

Current volume of unsatisfied demand

According to the Cambridge University’s global study of cryptocurrencies, there are 5.8 
million owners of active cryptocurrency wallets worldwide. Our potential clients are 
owners of cryptocurrency involved in trading on the exchange and not the ones who 
just store it.

In our own study of Telegram  cryptocurrency channels, we found out that 1.4% of 
the active cryptocurrency community is involved in trading. Every active trader could 



11

potentially subscribe to the paid signals. Average cost of subscription to the paid signals 
= 0,02 BTC/month.

Thus, today’s signal market potential is 9.1 million $/month. At the same time, the 
volume of Telegram channels’ offer is 0.68 million $/month. Hence, the unsatisfied 
demand for cryptocurrency signals exceeds $ 8.4 
million/month. Potential demand exceeds supply 
more than 13 times.

The reason for such a gap in the cryptocurrency 
signal market is simple. The main providers of 
signals are paid Telegram channels, as we found 
out. These providers do not have a wide and 
scalable advertising tool. The audience can learn 
about them in Telegram exclusively.

At the same time, quite a large part of 
cryptocurrency community is aware of paid signals 
in Telegram but does not use them. It basically happens because of distrust, due to the 
fact that the quality of signals cannot be verified without subscribing, as we found out.

Potential volume of unsatisfied demand

With the current growth rate of the number of active users of cryptocurrency wallets, 
the growth rates of the paid Telegram channels will slow down because of inability to 
advertise themselves outside Telegram.

This will lead to an increase of unsatisfied demand for cryptocurrency signals to 13.1 
million $/month by the end of 2019.

Active crypto wallets users 5 800 000

crypto traders 1,40 % 

average subscription price 0,02

current exchange rate  

of the Bitcoin to the $
5 600

Market potential $/month 9 094 400

2016H1 2016H2 2017H1 2017H2 2018H1 2018H2 2019H1 2019H2

Unmet demand for signals, mln $ / month

13,17

8,16

Potential demand for signals Unsatisfied demand Volume of telegram channels



12

2.3 Analysis of the market of signals at traditional  
currency pairs

To dispel these worries, we decided to 
research a similar but a more mature 
market where signal providers have 
existed for a long time. The key criteria 
were:

• operation simplicity 

• wide popularity among non-
professionals 

• availability of large signal providers.

We are interested only in those transactions 
that are done by individuals. The market 
of trade on traditional currency pairs 
perfectly meets these requirements.

In the first 2 years of launch, the revenue of the top 10 providers reached $ 8 million/
month. This confirms the hypothesis that there has already been a demand for signals 
in the market. Users simply waited for the emergence of a convenient platform.

Over the period of 2013-2016, the revenue of providers increased by 35% despite the 
overall decline in trading volume. In other words, the total volume of trading on the 
stock exchange does not affect the signal market. The signal market is affected by the 
quality of the platform and its marketing.
 

20
07

20
08

20
09

20
10

20
11

20
12

20
13

20
14

20
15

20
16

Monthly trading volume

Signals provider revenue

470.910

696.273

14.7

8.3

Volume of trades and revenue  
of suppliers, mln $



13

2.4 Cryptocurrency signal market prospects and Take 
Profit share

Take Profit positioning

Take Profit aims at meeting the demand of the entire market for cryptocurrency signals. 
In order to reach it, we need to attract 2 main groups of potential customers:

• those who do not know about cryptocurrency signals – we will tell them about 
the platform via a wide range of marketing tools that Telegram channels do 
not have. We will offer them a structured learning content that will introduce 
cryptocurrency trading and signals.

• those who know about cryptocurrency signals but do not trust providers - we will 
offer a simple and reliable tool. One will be able to assess the quality of signals on 
our platform for free. The verified history of the sellers’ signals and their rating will 
always be publicly available. Customers will be able to subscribe to new signals 
in a full-featured free trial.

Comparison with competitors

The prospects for the development of the market of cryptocurrency signals did not 
go unnoticed by others. In the third quarter of 2017, several projects attempted to 
introduce aggregator platforms that help in trading:

• Investy is an aggregator of asset managers. The platform allows you to compare 
managers so that a user could choose who to transfer their asset to.

• Covesting is a transfer of the model of copy-paste transactions from traditional 
markets to cryptocurrency ones.



14

Take Profit Investy Covesting

Free trial Full-featured Demo Access Unavailable

History of trader's 
transactions Available Average yield only Available

Deposit On the user's account On the platform On the platform

Implementation of 
trading operations

The final decision  
is up to the trader

NOT controlled  
by the trader

NOT controlled  
by the trader

Signals transmission User’s Terminal +  Telegram Channel User’s Terminal User’s Terminal

Payment method Subscription Transaction commission
Transaction 
commission

Take Profit offers a simpler and more transparent solution which is much suitable 
for newcomers in cryptocurrency trading. We are the only platform that allows you 
to receive advice from traders and at the same time not to transfer your deposit to 
anyone. Take Profit is absolutely transparent: a user has an opportunity of not just 
looking at the history of transactions of each trader but also using a fully functional trial 
for free. Trading operations will not be performed automatically after subscribing to a 
trader, therefore, the risk of losing all the money at once is completely eliminated.
 

Forecast of market share and Take Profit income

Take Profit platform is the simplest and risk-free service for all newcomers to 
cryptocurrency trading market. That’s why most of all new users of cryptocurrency 
signals will use Take Profit .

By the end of 2019, Take Profit expects to attract 80% of all unsatisfied demand and 
also to transfer subscribers of key paid channels to its platform in Telegram along with 
their authors.



15

About 78% of all cryptocurrency signals will pass via TakeProfit, while a rate of signals 
will gradually decrease from 18% to 2% in Telegram. Thus, in 2 years the sale volume 
of signals will be $ 13.25 million per month via Take Profit. The commission of platform 
equals to 20%, so the revenue will be $ 1.98 million per month or $ 23.84 million per 
year.

We are sure that Take Profit model will make investment in the cryptocurrency 
transparent and profitable for the majority of investors!

2.5 Summary of the section

Signal providers began to appear in 2007-2009 in traditional markets. By this moment, 
there had already been a potential demand for signals in the market but there was not a 
reliable platform. That is why in the first 2 years after the emergence, the total revenue 
of the largest signal providers was $ 8 million per month. Despite the stagnation of the 
market, it had grown to $ 14 million per month by 2016.

Six months ago, the first signal providers began to appear in the cryptocurrency 
markets. As a platform, they use channels in Telegram with a paid subscription. Despite 
the inability to verify the quality of signals and the low convenience of the platform, 
their revenue has already reached the level of $ 0.67 million per month.

In the course of the study, we found out that the demand for signals had been steadily 
growing for the last 2 years. It exceeds the offer of Telegram channels almost 13 times 
and stands for $ 8.4 million per month. All these users do not use Telegram channels 

2018H1 2018H2 2019H1 2019H2

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0

Share and average monthly volume of signals

Take Profit Telegram Channels Unsatisfied demand

10,41m $

4,99m $

0,94m $

13,25m $



16

mainly because of low transparency: it is impossible to check the quality of signals 
without paying a fairly substantial amount for them, $ 200-800 for the first month. The 
authors of paid channels themselves face the scale problem, at the moment there is no 
way to advertise your channel somewhere, except for other channels.

The prospect of the cryptocurrency signal market was also noticed by other players. 
But Take Profit business model is the only one that allows to work effectively with the 
main market problem - distrust to the quality of signals. Take Profit is the only platform 
that gives a full-featured free trial subscription to signals and also does not require to 
transfer the deposit to management from the user.

Thus, by the end of 2019, we expect to accumulate 78% of the market for cryptocurrency 
signals on the platform, reaching $ 1.98 million per month or $ 23.84 million per year.

3. Description of the platform

Take Profit is the first aggregating platform for the most up-to-date information on 
trading and investments, such as training courses, ICO rating, news with the ability to 
track each of the cryptocurrencies individually. The platform provides an opportunity 
for traders to publish their analytics and receive money for subscriptions from users. 
Specific advice on investment with entry and exit points are called “signals”.

In the past year, the signal market has demonstrated extremely high growth rates. 
At the same time, it continues to be “wild” in the absence of financial regulation. The 
main risk of customers who buy signals via instant messengers or sites is the lack of 
guarantees from traders. Communication channels are fully controlled by their creators. 
In this situation, there is an obvious conflict of interests. The service provider has the 
ability to wangle reporting and logs of signals previously provided. It is possible to raise 
fictitiously the indicators of the level of profitability that were obtained when following 
their recommendations. Thus, new customers are attracted, who, in fact, become 
victims of scammers. Only public scandals can somehow let people know about the 
dishonesty of a specific signal provider. But this does not prevent these scammers from 
opening new channels and continuing committing fraud in the future.

Take Profit project solves this problem making business as transparent as possible due 
to the use of blockchain technology. Using Take Profit platform, any customer can easily 
check the real effectiveness of each provider of signals on the platform. All signals are 
verified on the blockchain. They cannot be changed or deleted without disturbing the 
overall integrity of the circuit. Each user will be able to make sure that the platform 
signals were not backdated, nor were they deleted or changed.



17

As a result, an independent rating system is formed which works for the benefit 
of the entire cryptocurrency community. Any person can see the indicators of a 
specific signal provider on Take Profit  platform in advance:

• Take Profit Rating
• Average yield of signals
• Volume and frequency of publications
• Risk level
• Number of subscribers

As a result, a client can make a rational choice based on their market strategy. Such a 
tool can be used both by a professional who needs fresh ideas and a beginner who is 
clueless about the market trends and is afraid to be deceived.

Signal providers will start operating in a transparent environment where their earnings 
will correlate with the quality of their recommendations. Weak analysts will leave the 
market, while professionals will be able to get a well-earned income.
 
The market will start to change for the better for all participants.

Take Profit platform will have the first community in which people can trust each other, 
as there will be a simple and transparent mechanism for verifying and comparing real 
facts and declared promises.

3.1 Getting to know the platform

After registration on the platform, a user 
immediately gets the opportunity to 
view and analyze the profiles of signal 
providers by choosing the most suitable 
analyst for them. You can already see how 
this happens at the screenshot provided.
 
Take Profit team has already created a 
working MVP (Minimum Viable Product)



18

For a subscriber of the signals:

• User’s account
• Making a free (limited) subscription
• Paid subscription to the trader
• View of traders’ ranking and their sorting
• View of a trader’s account and their indicators

For the signal provider:

• User’s account
• Publication of signals on the platform (paid and free)
• Automatic update of the signal status in accordance with the current exchange 

rate on the specified exchange

System Functionality:

• Verification of signals received on the platform using the blockchain system
• Operations with project tokens on the platform
• Platform support desk call if necessary
• Tokens withdrawal from the platform



19

3.2 Signal Structure

All published signals will have the following 
structure on Take Profit  platform:

1. User: The seller who posted the signal on 
the platform. 

2. Coin: (Example: Bitcoin). 

3. Exchange: (Example: Bitfinex). The result is 
calculated in accordance with it. 

4. Direction: Buy (long) or sell (short). 

5. Entry point: (Example: $ 5300). 

6. Entry condition: Breakout (the price is higher than the entry point) or drop (the 
price is lower than the entry point). 

7. Exit point: (Example: $ 5900). 

8. Stop Loss: (Example: $ 5150). Stop loss is the point at which you need to go out 
in a small loss to prevent further losses. 

9. Risk / Reward ratio: An important parameter of the transaction, the higher it is, 
the more risky the deal is. 

10. Status: “Waiting” (the entry to the transaction has not worked yet), “Active” (entry 
triggered), “Closed with profit”, “Closed by stop”. 

11. Time of publication of the signal: Time of publication of the signal.

3.3 Verification on the blockchain

All signals that are published by traders on the platform are verified using blockchain 
technology, which allows all users to rest assured that the signals were not backdated 
or edited post factum.

The signals are final, without the ability to edit or delete post factum

Right after the publication of any signal, a code line is generated, which contains all the 



20

basic parameters of the signal. The code is passed to the Оpentimestamps.org service 
which writes it as a next non-breaking block. All copies of the chain blocks are stored 
independently from each other which does not allow affecting the elements of the 
chain in any way. As a result, the Оpentimestamps.org service transfers a file, which is 
the verification of the “fingerprint”, to Take Profit.ots platform.

The platform user can check the “fingerprint” using the 
Оpentimestamps.org service and make sure that the signal 
parameters have not been falsified.

This screenshot confirms our previous thesis that it is impossible to change or manipulate 
the signals introduced at least once. Making sure of the transparency of the platform, 
a new user will want to use it. A specially developed rating system based on the data 
received from the blockchain will help to select the most suitable provider of signals.

3.4 Rating system

Take Profit platform forms transparent ratings of all traders based on the key signal 
indicators that are part of the blockchain of the circuit.

As a result, a trader can evaluate a provider by the following indicators:

• Take Profit Rating
• Provider status
• Average yield of signals
• Subscription cost per month
• Volume and frequency of publications
• Average level of risk
• Number of subscribers
• Changing of the subscribers’ numbers

https://opentimestamps.org/
https://opentimestamps.org/


21

3.5 Rating calculation mechanism

Take Profit rating is calculated on the basis of signals published for the entire period 
of the provider’s activity on the platform. The rating of all traders recently joined is 
calculated on the basis of all signals received from them to the blockchain. The rating 
takes into account only signals for coins that have a capitalization of at least 10,000 BTC.

The published signal is automatically monitored by the platform for execution. In order 
to do this Take Profit connects to the API of the particular exchange listed in the signal 
(STOCK_ID). The signal will be automatically closed when the price reaches the stop-loss 
or Take Profit level.

Rating = 100 + TOTAL_PROFIT + TOTAL_LOSS - SIGNALS_COUNT

TOTAL_PROFIT = total profitability of signals closed in profit, in %
TOTAL_LOSS = total loss ratio of signals closed in stop, in %
SIGNALS_COUNT = total number of closed signals.

The total profitability index (profit and loss ratio) is calculated separately for each signal 
according to the formula:

PROFIT: (take_profit - base_price) / base_price * 100
LOSS: (base_price - stop_loss) / base_price * 100

Example 1:
Bitcoin buy signal at $ 4000, stop at $ 3900 and sell at $ 4400 will have the PROFIT 
parameter = 10 (%) and LOSS parameter = 2.56 (%), to form the rating, the system will 
take the one that has triggered in the final calculation of the transaction only.

Example 2:
If the trader had 3 signals with an income of 5%, 10%, 15%, and 2 signals with a loss of 
2% and 3%, his overall rating would be:
100 + (5% + 10% + 15%) - (2% + 3%) - 5% = 120%

Example 3:
If the trader had 1 signal with an income of 25%, then his rating would be:
100 + 25 - 1 = 124%

With this system on the platform, it will be more profitable to give a small number of 
signals with a high yield than a big number of them with a low one.



22

3.6 API usage

Take Profit platform provides an open API by which it will be possible to connect to 
the company database and also to automate the actions performed on the platform 
through the use of specialized robots.

Query example

JSON format.
POST Take Profit.io/api/signals/new
{
API_KEY: e1936768b05195f8d9e54885e0c-
7d3ae982,
API_SECRET: 2e68a09f42a1e943cd765e50b-
2802315b551a6,
COIN_ID: 1,
EXCHANGE_ID: 2,
DIRECTION: “long”,
ENTER_PRICE: 0.00012200,
EXIT_PRICE: 0.00015500,
STOP_LOSS: 0.00011000
}

Server response

1. Valid Data
HTTP CODE: 200
Data: { status: “ok”, signal_id: <your signal id> }
 
2. Invalid data
HTTP CODE: 422
Data: { status: “error”, signal: <text of error> }



23

4. Platform usage
The basic principles the platform is built on are transparency and ease of use. Analyzing 
our long-term experience with clients, we came to the conclusion that the key factors for 
most of the clients are potential profitability and the risk associated with it. To confirm 
our judgement we were collecting statistics on 15 signal providers for a month. About 
60% of the total volume of signals turned out to be successful. The average monthly 
profitability was 14.683% per month.

If we could have used Take Profit platform, we would not have had to sign up for 15 
signal providers and pay each of them a monthly subscription trying to choose the most 
successful one. We would just have looked at the rating on the platform and chosen the 
best trader.

Among 15 signal providers, the best result was 76.3% of the yield per month which is 
61.617% more than for 15 traders at average. This is a very significant figure since the 
difference between the best and the average one would be thousands of percent per 
year.

As a result, due to the absence of a single aggregator, the lost profit for 
only a month was 61.617% - this is confirmed by 2 facts:

• Choosing the right analyst for signals is one of the most important success factors
• The signals do work indeed!

4.1 Subscribers

After viewing a list of analysts, a future subscriber chooses signal providers suitable for 
them. The cost of the subscription is determined by the providers, the platform does 
not affect it in any way. The minimum subscription period is 1 month. At the same time, 
no one interferes with the analyst’s ability to show their signals totally free of charge, 
but as practice shows, the cost of subscription increases in proportion to the quality of 
the information supplied.

Checking the reliability of the trader: it is enough for a potential subscriber to sort 
the traders by the indicator they are interested in (rating, profitability, subscription cost, 
frequency of signals publication, etc.), the rest will be made by Take Profit platform. All 
data is stored and monitored in the blockchain and buyers do not need to worry about 
the integrity of signal providers.

List of the best channels: The system will publish automatically the best signal 



24

providers for a month, and each of them will have an opportunity to publish the news 
in the general feed.

Protection against scam: if a provider ceases to publish signals, all tokens are returned 
to all subscribers for the unused subscription time.

Subscription cancellation: a customer can cancel the subscription at any time. Then 
he will receive tokens for the unused period.

Trainings and consultations: the platform allows market participants to advise each 
other directly. Subscribers who want to understand the nuances of the market will be 
able to sign up gor special courses or meetings with traders.

4.2 Signal Providers

Everyone interested will be allowed to post signals. The number of diplomas, certificates 
and experience are of no importance. The real results only will determine whether the 
analyst is among the best ones, with a lot of monetized subscribers and fans, or not. 
Take Profit provides an opportunity, in fact, to run your own business without reference 
to competitors. The provider receives all revenue from their channel except for a 20% 
commission fee for the use of the platform.

Deposit: To register as a trader, first you will need to place money on a minimum 
deposit. Deposit is required to confirm the seriousness of the trader’s intentions. This 
helps to limit the influx of signals from scammers, bots or beginning traders that are 
just testing the service. The amount of the money placed on deposit is published openly 
on the platform, therefore, it affects the level of trust of subscribers. The higher the 
trust in the trader is, the easier it is for him to break into the top and start getting more 
subscribers, increasing personal incomes.

Subscription cost: The platform allows the trader to set any cost of subscription to 
signals but not more than 10% of the deposit per subscriber.

Commission: Take Profit commission fee is fixed and is 20% for any services provided 
on the platform.

Channels: Signal providers are allowed to have an unlimited number of channels and 
independently determine the price in each case.

Closed channels: The seller can create a private channel and it will be possible to 
connect to it with the consent of the author only.



25

Consulting: In addition, traders will be able to make money from preparation of 
analytics, courses and consultations on issues related to the cryptocurrency.
 

4.3 Algorithmic traders

Take Profit platform allows algorithmic traders to use robots and sell subscription to 
the signals generated by them.

Example of use

GET Take Profit.io/api/signals

List of all signals sorted by date.

4.4 Big Data Aggregator

In the medium term Take Profit team plans to launch the sale of large data collected as 
a result of the platform operation. On the one hand, it will increase the revenue of the 
project, and on the other hand, it will help developing neural networks and trade robots. 
This will almost immediately increase the yield of the signals being sold. |It will give an 
additional revenue to the platform, since the users will have an opportunity to connect 
to the trading robots through the API, thereby increasing Take Profit commission fees. 
All revenues go to the strategic development of the service.
 
 

5. The Advantages of XTP Tokens purchase
Lately, many projects have been selling their tokens worldwide. Most often they are not 
aimed at creating a real business that would bring additional value to the cryptocurrency 
community. Most creators do not even actually try to run the project. All collected funds 
are withdrawn and tokens are depreciated.

In this context, the Token Generation Event (TGE) of Take Profit project has obvious 
advantages. All buyers of tokens can be certain about our team which aims to make the 
best product on the market.



26

5.1 MVP is already created at the team’s own expenses

Take Profit team members invested their own funds in the development of 
the platform. At the moment, there already exists and works a prototype in 
which the main sections and functionality of the platform are implemented: 

• Personal trader and user’s accounts
• Ability to publish signals and paid subscription to channels
• Automatic update of the signal status in accordance with the current exchange 

rate on the specified exchange
• Making a limited or paid subscription
• Sorting of traders by rating
• Ability to view the trader’s account and its indicators

5.2 Participation in the product creation

All token holders will be able to participate in the creation of the product. They will 
participate in the open Sprint Review on the Agile methodology to manage the process 
of IT systems development. All comments will be taken into account when preparing 
tasks for the next iteration of the development. This will help all TGE members to 
monitor the activities of Take Profit team and the stages of product development in 
real time. We are confident that transparency in the process of creating the platform 
will play a significant role in the long-term development of Take Profit.

5.3 Return of funds due to impossibility to reach the tar-
gets of stages

At the Pre TGE and TGE stages, Take Profit project sets specific targets for the amount 
of funds raised. In case that these goals cannot be met, all the funds will be returned to 
all buyers of tokens in full.

5.4 Bonus reward for holding tokens

By purchasing tokens at Pre-TGE and TGE stages, an Initial Token Balance (ITB) index, 
equal to the number of tokens purchased, is assigned to each participant. This parameter 
cannot be increased in any other way. The bonus, which can be obtained for useful 
actions for the platform, for example, for attracting users within the referral system, 
depends on this parameter.



27

5.5 The referral system during Pre-TGE and TGE stages

The platform allows you to use the referral link and get 
additional tokens by attracting new participants to the 
project. After registering with TGE, a special referral link 
becomes available in the personal account of the user 
(shown in the image on the right).

In order to use it, it is enough to copy and place it on 
your website, in a social network or directly forward it to another person. After clicking 
on this link, referrer parameter is set permanently in the face browser. Thus, if the 
browser is closed and real registration and purchase of tokens take place in a week 
only, a referral bonus of 5% will still be added to the purchases made by its referral.

The bonus is allocated in the form of XTP tokens.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



28

6. Token economy
XTP Token can only be used on Take Profit platform. Buying it, you get an opportunity 
to use the benefits and services provided on Take Profit platform. Depending on the 
changes in the demand for the services that are available on the platform, the value of 
the token may fluctuate both upwards and downwards.

The platform was created so that only buyers of tokens could use its services. Since 
people do not always have an opportunity and desire to “trade”, Take Profit team has 
created a bonus system that will protect the value of the token and the interests of its 
customers.

6.1 Bonus program.

If a participant keeps tokens but does not use them in any way: does not sell, does 
not assign to third parties, does not use platform services, he has the right to receive 
a bonus for the useful actions on Take Profit platform. In order to do do this, it will be 
necessary to place a selected number of tokens that do not exceed the Initial Token 
Balance into your personal account and freeze them.  After that the user will not be 
able to manage them during the billing period. This bonus will be calculated using the 
following formula:

TOTAL_REVENUE OF TAKE PROFIT = (total platform revenue in tokens) * 20% (platform 
commission)

BONUS PER ONE TOKEN = ((TOTAL REVENUE - FIXED COSTS) * 80%) / ALL FROZEN TOKENS

USER_BONUS = BONUS PER ONE FROZEN TOKEN * USER_FROZEN_TOKEN_BALANCE

FIXED COSTS - constant project costs.
TOTAL_REVENUE - total platform revenue for the billing month
BONUS_PER_TOKEN - the number of additional services that can be obtained when the 
token is frozen.
USER_FROZEN_TOKEN_BALANCE - the total number of user’s frozen tokens which cannot 
exceed the Initial Token Balance (the sum of all tokens initially purchased by the user 
at Pre-TGE and TGE stages).

The bonus is paid in XTP tokens. In order to receive it, the user must perform at least one 
useful action for the platform apart from refusal to use the functions on the platform 
during the billing period.



29

Useful actions for the platform are: 

• Attraction of at least 1 user in the billing month. 

• Creation of any content on the platform (article, news, signal) in the billing 
month. 

• Participation in the monthly survey on the current functionality and efficiency of 
implementing new services on the platform.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



30

7. Token Generation Event
TGE (Token Generation Event) is held to raise funds for marketing of Take Profit platform 
and expand a current range of services and benefits. All token holders will have an 
opportunity to use all  services of the platform and also the right to transfer purchased 
tokens by any legal means in the absence of current need for the platform services.

Apart from the XTP tokens, each user will receive an Initial Token Balance parameter 
equal to the number of purchased tokens during Pre-TGE and TGE stages. The higher 
this parameter is, the higher maximum number of bonuses that a user can get under 
the LOYALTY program will be.

A token is called “XTP” and will be released as ERC20-compatible token on the Ethereum 
blockchain system. This token is not an investment. All risks associated with the fall or 
rise in cost are taken by the user of the platform.

7.1 Specification of the token

The issue volume is limited by the amount: 100,000,000
Basic price: 0.00025 ETH

7.2 Pre-TGE stage

Minimum purchase amount: 0.01 ETH
Limit: 8.000.000 TP

Pre-TGE phase lasts 20 days.
Number of rounds: 3

60% for TGE phase

20% team (freezing for 1 year)

15% reward to the best authors

3% referral system

2% Bounty Program

Token distribution:



31

The initial bonus is 100%. The minimum bonus is 80%.

Aim: 1000 ETH. If this mark is not reached, the money will be returned.

After reaching the target of the stage, most of the collected funds will go toward PR and 
Marketing in order to sell as many services (tokens) as possible at TGE stage.

7.3 TGE stage

Minimum purchase amount: 0.01 ETH

Volume of tokens for sale: 52.000.000
Duration of the stage: 30 days
Number of rounds: 6.

In the first round, buyers will be offered a bonus of + 50% which will be reduced to 
0% as far as the volume of tokens put up for sale is purchased.

If the minimum target of the stage (2000 ETH) is not reached, all funds of TGE 
participants will be returned to the owners.

The speed of development of the platform and the availability of 
part of the functionality will vary depending on the amount of fees 
charged at TGE stage.

When collecting 2000 ETH, the following functionality will be implemented within 
Pre-TGE and TGE stages: 

1. A website with the ability to publish signals

2. Access to the personal account

3. Subscription to traders and their recommendations

4. Blockchain verification of the published signals

5. Automatic update of the signal status in accordance with the current exchange 
rate on the indicated exchange

6. Operations with project tokens on the platform

7. Tokens withdrawal from the platform

8. View of traders’ ranking and their sorting

9. View of a trader’s account and their indicators



32

10. Platform support desk call if necessary

When collecting 5000 ETH, the following additional functionality will be implemented 
within Pre-TGE and TGE stages: 

1. Blogs and service news feed

2. Personal consultations within the service

3. Training courses for basic and advanced traders from experts (at an additional 
cost)

4. Signals notification mechanism in a user-friendly manner

5. Referral program for attracting new subscribers to trader signals

6. Order of analytical articles from experts on the platform

7. Integration with the largest cryptocurrency exchanges for automatic signals 
following

When collecting 10000 ETH, the following additional functionality will be 
implemented within Pre-TGE and TGE stages: 

1. Take Profit mobile application for iOS and Android

2. The functionality of signals repost with a mutual benefit for the original author of 
the signal and the user who posted it

3. xpansion of the service function to the stock and currency markets

4. Integration with the largest exchanges for automatic signals following on shares 
and currencies

5. Further product changes due to the problems and needs of the platform users

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



33

8. Project Team

Ivan Tumanov
CEO

I am a professional coder and trader, and this is what I do 
for life. I understand that the best investment of my mon-
ey is my own project. My goal is to create a better platform 
for traders, which would be useful for both professionals 
and beginners.

Pavel Rubakhin
Head of product

Having experience in McKinsey, Gett and Trucker Path, I’ve 
always been on the cutting edge of technology. I joined 
Take Profit to change the trading market, and I’m sure that 
our team will simplify trading for beginners and make it 
even more profitable for professionals.

Alexey Astafiev
Frontend developer

I studied graphic design, but became a developer. Previ-
ously he worked for Tinkoff Bank as a senior elementa-
ry developer. With more than 8 years of experience, he 
joined the Take Profit team to create the most advanced 
product in the field of cryptotrading.

Alexey Kurepin
Backend developer

Experienced professional with more than 15 years of 
practical experience. He took part in creating exciting and 
well-known products for the markets of Russia and the 
CIS: Lenta.ru, «Vedomosti» and the largest on-demand 
cleaning service — Qlean.



34

Ilya Bovkun
Analyst

The ultimate goal of man is to serve others and advance 
society through innovation. With a wide range of skills and 
experience in marketing and IT, I joined the Take Profit 
team to materialize progress in the form of an innovative 
trading platform.

Daniel Feldman
Chief development officer

7 hard years of mathematical education. 2 wonderful 
years of selling cloud services in Microsoft. 1 chance to 
change the world of cryptotrading with Take Profit. I fell in 
love with the product, and I want the market to love it the 
same way.



35

9. Project roadmap
Project milestones:

October 2017: 
Work on MVP and preparation of the first version of the product including the 
following functionality: 

• Access to the personal account of the trader.
• Access to the personal account of the user.
• Publication of signals on the platform.
• Automatic update of the signal status in accordance with the current exchange 

rate on the specified exchange.
• Possibility to apply for a limited subscription.
• Paid subscription to the trader.
• Ability to carry out operations with the project tokens on the platform.
• Tokens withdrawal from the platform.
• View of traders’ ranking and their sorting.
• View of a trader’s account and their indicators.
• Platform support desk call if necessary.
• Verification of signals received on the platform using the blockchain.

November 2017: 
Pre-TGE stage performance with a target of 1000 ETH.

December 2017: 
Release of the first public version of the product for TGE participants exclusively. 
Token holders can start using Take Profit and participate in the development process 
by making suggestions how to improve the platform.

January 2018: 
Collecting of feedback on the product and implementation of the first changes 
required to ensure that the platform is fully operational and convenient to use.

End of January - beginning of February 2018:  
TGE stage performance with a target of 10000 ETH.

February 2018: 
The second large-scale release of the product: 

• Blogs that allow Take Profit owners to publish training content for basic, advanced 
users and traders.

• A news feed consisting of analytical articles and public papers prepared by the 



36

project founders and the best project traders.
• Ability to repost signals with a mutual benefit for both the poster and user of the 

signal.
• Notification of incoming signals using any of user-friendly channels: e-mail, SMS, 

messengers.

May 2018: 
The third major release of the product: 

• Personal consultations on the platform.
• Training sessions for beginners and advanced traders on the platform.
• Publication of analytical articles on a by-order basis.
• Additional functionality which will be determined upon getting of feedback from 

users.
• Ability to receive a bonus when attracting subscribers for traders on referral links.

June 2018: 
Start of work on Take Profit mobile application.

August 2018: Integration with major cryptocurrency exchanges, introduction of 
automatic following of recommendations that were published by the selected traders. 
Adding a feature to accept a signal directly from a notification in a messenger using a 
unique link.

September 2018: 
Development of the project and expansion of support for signals on the classic stock 
and currency markets. Largest stock exchanges involvement.

October 2018: 
Release of the first version of Take Profit mobile application which would include all 
functionality available on the web version.

November 2018: 
Integration with the largest stock and currency exchanges, introduction of the 
opportunity to follow automatically the recommendations that were published by the 
selected traders.



37

Contacts:
 
Website: takeprofit.io

Bitcointalk: TBA

Medium: TBA

Reddit: TBA

Telegram: t.me/takeprofit.io, t.me/takeprofit.ru

Email: support@takeprofit.io

https://takeprofit.io/
https://t.me/takeprofit.io
https://t.me/takeprofit.ru
mailto:support%40takeprofit.io?subject=

	1. Motivation to create a project
	2. Market research
	2.1 Market of cryptocurrency signals
	2.2 Unsatisfied demand for signals
	2.3 Analysis of the market of signals at traditional 
currency pairs
	2.4 Cryptocurrency signal market prospects and Take Profit share
	2.5 Summary of the section
	3. Description of the platform
	3.1 Getting to know the platform
	3.2 Signal Structure
	3.3 Verification on the blockchain
	3.4 Rating system
	3.5 Rating calculation mechanism
	3.6 API usage

	4. Platform usage
	4.1 Subscribers
	4.2 Signal Providers
	4.3 Algorithmic traders
	4.4 Big Data Aggregator

	5. The Advantages of Take Tokens purchase
	MVP is already created at the team’s own expenses
	Participation in the product creation
	Return of funds due to impossibility to reach the targets of stages
	Bonus reward for holding tokens
	The referral system during Pre-TGE and TGE stages

	6. Token economy
	Bonus program.

	7. Token Generation Event
	8.1 Specification of the token
	8.2 Pre-TGE stage
	8.3 TGE stage

	9. Project Team
	10. Project roadmap
	Contacts:

