

















































TAP PROJECT WHITEPAPER



Contents

1 Introduction 2

2 Market & Industry 2

3 Vision 4

4 Developers & Publishers 5

5 Gamers 6

6 Tap Tournament 6

7 Tap Avatars 6

8 ERC-20 - TOKEN STANDARD 7

9 Proof of Stake Concept 7

10 Roadmap – Road to Zion 8

11 Q2 Detailed Roadmap 9

12 Tap Conceptual Alpha 9

13 Purpose of Conceptual Alpha 10

14 Tap Value Matrix 10

15 Patent Pending 10

16 Tap Coin (“TTT”) 11

17 Early Contribution Period 11

18 Why Early Contribution? 11

19 Early Contribution Terms Information 12

20 Tap Community Partner Program 12

21 Crowdfunding & ICO Information 12

22 Distribution of ETH Funds 13

23 Distribution of Tap Funds 14

24 Development Team 15

25 Conclusion 16

26 Terms and Conditions 16

1.1.1.



1 Introduction

The rapid expansion of decentralized blockchain technology using the Ethereum protocol has provided a vast market
full of untapped potential, with Ethereums’ cryptocurrency (ETH) market cap currently over 43 Billion USD,
Ethereum has paved the way for an explosive evolution of innovative technologies. The Tap Project’s primary
initiative consists of creating a utility token, along with partnering with a network of developers to allow a smooth,
elegant and robust system that will allow the Tap Coin the ability to traverse multiple games and platforms. This
would allow in-game virtual currency to be converted into Tap Coins, used on the platform for ERC-721 collectibles,
imported into the games on the platform and exported into the users wallets, if the gamer so chose.

2 Market & Industry

In 2016, the global gaming industry revenue was $99.6 billion dollars. By 2019, the industry is expected to grow by
20% to $118.6 billion.

On average, millions of people around the world devote a minimum of 6-20 hours a week playing video games, not to
mention any mobile platforms.

“ I just try to relax and think about video-games, what I’m going to do after the race. ” - Usain Bolt

With this growth, gaming is ready to surpass all other entertainment industries as the major form of entertainment
and pleasure for all consumers.

2.2.2.



Despite a healthy market, consumer expectations have changed so dramatically that old revenue models have become
outdated, forcing production companies to scramble to find value in new markets. In a world where consumers
expect someone else to pay for their content, production companies are struggling to find avenues that allow them to
monetize the digital age.

There is an estimated 2 billion gamers in the world. It is estimated that gamers spend 15.4 billion on content alone.

With 39% of those gamers playing social games, followed closely by other genres.

3.3.3.



3 Vision

There are currently millions of in game currencies that are restricted to individual games and eco-systems.

As gamers and creators, we understand that the sacred space of gaming is for immersive storytelling, connection and
collaboration. Which is why we have designed Tap Project with that very thought in mind.

Our goal is to create a long lasting legacy and brand that can withstand the chaotic storm of trends, fads and
dysfunction. We want the games on our platform to shine and feel a connection with gamers from indie to AAA alike.

The Tap Project is more than a gaming marketplace. Its equality, exposure for talent, a true gamer’s paradise where
skill is rightfully honored.

The Tap Project promotes empowerment, creativity and a freedom from the restrictions of time and space. We
believe, that there isn’t just one standard way to play. But instead, a plethora of options and choices to better
express oneself.

The Tap Project provides a new source for earning, providing income security that gamers have dreamed about for
years.

As a publisher or developer, we are using on of the most versatile blockchain platforms, Ethereum, and combined the
Tap Project enables gamers to achieve what was only a dream.

The Tap Project does not only excrete creativity and freedom for gamers but additionally for development teams,
studios and publishers. We believe in providing an open space that allows those working on video games to explore
the vast networks and capabilities of in-game virtual currencies.

The Tap Project provides increased live ops and user engagement by no longer restricting the mechanical uses of
virtual currencies but further exploring a new venue of customization when players import and expo rt from a
nucleus of connected games.

We strongly believe in empowerment and accomplishment and continue to focus on creativity and innovation. The
team is driven to not only exist as a blockchain product but fulfill the goal of a brand that is long lasting and
innovative for all.

• The Tap project (“TTT”) eliminates the issue of restricted playing. The Tap Coin is a full utility token in which
users are required to hold a set amount of Tap Coins to gain access to the platform and games. The Tap Project
decentralizes all in-game currencies into one currency that can be exported across platforms, transferred and
used on the Tap Platform as a globally accepted cryptocurrency.

• The Tap Coin is a widely accepted cryptocurrency, which allows all gamers to seamlessly transfer their in-game
earned or premium currencies to Tap Coin. Gamers can then use this currency in other games, on the Tap
Platform, or it can be earned in integrated games.

• Using the Tap Coin, the Tap Project (TTT) targets mainstream, indie and AAA game developers and publishers
alike.

• The Tap Project provides a payment system that pays gamers for playing the games they love to play. No longer
is “getting paid to play video-games” restricted to celebrities, hardcore gamers, or streamers, but we will open
the flood gates for the everyday gamer also.

4.4.4.



4 Developers & Publishers

Thousands of games are developed and introduced to Google play, the Apple store, and Steam daily. However, very
few have their games marketed and showcased on sites, in ads or in the stores. Integrating Tap Coin onto
development platforms provides that immediate growth and marketing for indie developers and AAA titles alike.
Giving gamers the ability to play an indie title, earn currency, and transfer that same currency to an AAA title
incentivizes and decentralizes the market instantly.

Additionally, the Tap Project allows developers have smart-contracts that act as Achievements or Easter eggs. Thus
when an achievement is earned the contract releases the Tap Coin to the participants wallet seamlessly. The
opportunities are endless, as developers are given the ability to be creative all the while having the security of the
block-chain. Furthermore, the Tap Project provides developers the following:

• Revenue & Profits: The Tap Platform offers a 65/30/10 (see Figure 4) split in transaction fee revenue with 65%
going to the developer per their published titles. Just by listing their game developers immediately get paid in
Tap Coins. As more users convert in-game currencies to Tap Coin, developers get paid more!

• No commission fee: Is taken from developers games or platform for integrating Tap Coins.

• Small integration footprint: Game engine plugins and Tap Project repository percentage monitoring allow devel-
opers to focus strictly on creating and developing amazing games. The Tap Platform monitors and keeps track
of all transactions.

• Marketing & Listing: Tap Platform offers marketing for all games on the platform with no listing charge.
Developers are free to also list their games on other platforms or stores.

• Security: Built off the Ethereum blockchain and handled by smart contracts, developers do not have to worry
about security as protocols ensure fraudulent transactions are captured and stopped.

• Increased Live Ops: Immediate increase in retention, DAU, ARPDAU, and more as users are provided an
additional incentive for playing your game and playing it longer and more frequently.

Developers will follow the below transaction revenue structure:

5.5.5.



Business Case: A title has 200,000 in-game and TTT transactions in one month. A 6 TTT gas fee will occur per
transaction and the developer will receive 45% of that gas fee, resulting in approximately 90,000 TTT in that one
month. This tap will be used to add to the developer’s reserve in the Tap Platform System in which it pulls TTT.
Additionally, these rates are subject to change and negotiation. TTT from the reserve indicated above will be used
for the POS, to allow low cost of operation.

Developer information can be seen at: https://tapproject.net

5 Gamers

Imagine playing any game, earning its currency and having that currency hold its value and represent cash, in the
form of Tap Coin or fiat currency. Imagine, having the ability to transfer that in-game currency to another game and
continue to build your “wallet” whilst getting paid to play. The Tap project breaks down the antiquated barrier of
development and gaming and brings light to a new age of exchange. Console, PC, Handheld and Mobile gaming
revenue continue to increase year after year. No matter the platform, your Tap coin will follow you into any game
and on any device. Indie developers don’t have to worry about what platform they are working on and it they will
reach their audience. AAA games across multiple platforms, but just one Tap coin currency. Simply, put the Tap
Project allows the following:

• Revenue for gaming: The Tap Platform allows gamers to truly earn money whilst playing video games. Countless
hours are finally recognized and gamers are paid to play.

• Interactive Dashboard: The Tap Platform allows users to see their Tap Coins in real time as they play supported
and published games. Watch as your Tap Coins update in real time providing seamless integration.

• Multi-Game management: Manage your favorite games and content all from one dashboard. One step login
provides immediate access to the marketplace showing the latest and hottest games.

• Exchange in Game Currency: Exchange in game premium and earned currencies all through the Tap Platform.
Integration with your wallet allows immediate connection to the blockchain.

6.6.6.

https://tapproject.net


• Import and export: Your earned Tap Coins into any other game on the system, whether it be Mobile, PC, or
Console. This allows users to jump into games faster and earlier.

• Smart Contracts: Built off the Ethereum blockchain, transactions are monitored by smart contracts that remove
the middleman and provide immutable exchanges.

6 Tap Tournament

Platform users are eligible to participate in the Tap Platform tournaments. The top 3 participants have the
opportunity to win ERC-721 collectible contract meta tokens. These tokens will be held in the Tap Platform wallets.
Top 3 highest Tap coin holders are automatically entered in the tournaments, with the remaining having to use their
Tap coins in order to enter.

7 Tap Avatars

The Tap Project also allows users to create their own ERC-721 avatars. These avatar will have the ability to change
meta data attributes. Special attributes can be obtained from game developers as promotional offers or can also be
purchased using the Tap coin to enhance the users’ avatars ability. By enhancing utilizing the ERC-721 contract to
create these avatars, not avatar will be the same, and users will be able to allow their avatars to travers blockchain
based games, while maintaining certain features and allow their avatars to become stronger. Users are able to trade
unique ERC-721 avatars on the Tap platform.

ERC-721 collectibles will be arranged and classified using the Tap gear rating system. The gear will be categorized
by common, uncommon, rare, legendary, and epic, with the latter respectively harder to achieve. The ERC-721
collectibles are random and created by Ethereum contract.

8 ERC-20 - TOKEN STANDARD

A token or coin is designed to represent something of value, in our case a Tap Coin. These coins are – in the
Ethereum ecosystem – issued on the blockchain. By adhering to the ERC-20 standard it makes it easier for Tap Coin
(“TTT”) to be natively supported by projects and other services that are written on the blockchain. Why would we
make sure we use this standard? Interoperability. If we ensure Tap Coin uses the same standards as all other major
tokens/coins, it will make it easily exchangeable and allows the Tap Coin the benefit of work with other Dapps
instantly.

9 Proof of Stake Concept

What is Proof of Stake?: ”Proof of Stake (PoS) concept states that a person can mine or validate block transactions
according to how many coins he or she holds.”—investopedia

The Tap Coin is a full utility token with advancements made by the Proof of Stake concept. Users are required to
hold 5000 TTT1 to gain access to the platform and its partnering games. Similar to other proof of stake, users will
be awarded a daily bonus if they are holding over 250,000 TTT *, as well as a bonus in each game they play.

Users will ”stake” or hold these TTT tokens in their Ethereum wallet address that they use to sign up to the
platform. All bonuses will be linked and applied to the wallet address.

1numbers may change based on usage, publisher downloads and ETH/TTT pricing.

7.7.7.



There are a few ways that the Tap Coin works. Firstly, to use the Tap Platform and gain access to games,
contributors must hold over 5000 (TTT).

Being a Tap Community Partner and holding between 65,000 TTT and 249,000 TTT gives contributor’s access to
the Tap Coin p roof of stake concept and drip bonus. Users in this category will be provided a .10% daily drip
bonus* of TTT for one year, in addition to their earned Tap Coins for playing.

Holding over 250,000 TTT (regardless if you are a Tap Community Partner) provides contributors with a .25% daily
drip bonus2. This bonus will run for an indefinite amount of time and be analyzed monthly. This is also in
combination with their earned Tap Coins for playing games.

What does that look like? : User 1 - holds 65,000 TTT and is a Tap Community Partner. Upon integration of games
onto the platform this user formula is as follows:

(TapCoinsHeld) ∗ (Driprate)
100

= Dailypayout

Therefore,
65, 000 ∗ 0.10

100
= 65TTT

daily or at its current ICO price of $1.95 per day, or $58 per month.

User 2 - holds 250,000 TTT and uses the platform. Therefore,

250, 000 ∗ 0.25
100

= 625TTT

daily or $18.75 per day, or $562 a month.

User 3 - User 3 holds 2,000 TTT. They cannot access the platform and do not receive the Tap Coin drip bonus.

10 Roadmap – Road to Zion

The “Road to Zion” is a set of 4 stages that will take us into December 2018. The four stages are: Morpheus, Trinity,
Neo and Zion.

2Rates are subject to change and will only be initialized upon release of games to the platform.

8.8.8.



Morpheus: is our initial launch stage of the Tap Project. Initial development and launch of early contribution tokens
of the Tap Coin.

Trinity: being the next stage of The Tap Project comes after the Ethereum Byzantium hard-fork. This stage
introduces Tap Coin proof of stake concept and utility token methodology. Users are introduced to the concept and
requirement of Tap Coins to use the platform.

Neo: is the full distribution of Tap Coins as a primary utility token. Users are required to hold set amount of tokens
to gain access to the Platform. Additionally, those that hold over a predefined amount of (TTT) will be rewarded a
daily (TTT) drip bonus.

Zion: can be classified as the last stop and a place of being. A combination and advancement of all 3 prior stages
and integration.

9.9.9.



11 Q2 Detailed Roadmap

Q2 will see the release of our MVP, Unity and Unreal Plugins, POS Drip Bonus, Platform API, Smart contract Core,
and Exclusive Platform Game release and of course high level backend fixes and developments.

12 Tap Conceptual Alpha

Our Tap Platform conceptual alpha is currently live. Users can create an account, view games on the Marketplace,
add games to their favorites, and most importantly test out the functionality and the concept of the Tap Coin. Users
are able to go into the selected games in the marketplace and input the amount of Premium or Earned Currency
they have in those games.

Users will then see the output of how much Tap Coins you would earn for the in-game currency, these are referred to
as your TPP (Tap Premium Payout) and TEP (Tap Earned Payouts).

It is important to note that these are not the exact TPP’s and TEP’s, but the formula is a close relation to the
in-game’s store and value of its premium/earned currencies.

10.10.10.



13 Purpose of Conceptual Alpha

The purpose of the Conceptual Alpha is to show our Tap Coin Formula and provide the ability for contributors to
understand where we fit in. Additionally, the platform will run developers through the Developer signup and its
simple on-boarding process. Games and developers will go through a review and approval process to filter out
illegitimate applications and submissions.

14 Tap Value Matrix

When dealing with premium currencies and earned currencies it is important to identify the ”value” of time that
developers have listed throughout their games. We have created a default matrix that has allowed us to determine
default Tap Premium Payouts (TPP) and Tap Earned Payouts (TEP). Furthermore, for games that can convert
earned currencies to premium currencies, it i s vital to find out how much time it takes to convert ”X” amount of
currency to a premium currency. For example, At ETH/USD of $300. 1 TAP = .0001 ETH or .03 cents per 1 TAP.
Therefore games at the $1.29 value are approximately 43 Tap Coins at current rate of .0001. Once the Tap Coin hits
the market its rate will be adjusted according to its trade value. Games will be provided a default listing unless
otherwise noted by the publisher.

15 Patent Pending

The Tap Project, using the Tap Coin, (a utility token that allows gamers to convert their in-game earned and
premium currencies into cryptocurrencies) has developed a system and method for conversion of such assets, skins,
environments, non-fungibles, and earned and premium virtual currencies on a decentralized ledger, according to their
current patent pending status with the USPTO (US62/648408).

The Project describes the method for additionally secured exchanges between the servers, digital assets (skins,
environments, currencies, and non-fungibles), and the blockchain.

11.11.11.



16 Tap Coin (“TTT”)

Tap Coin is designed to be flexible and ensure control of the future evolution of the project. Tap Coin (TTT) is
created during the crowdfunding stage, as outlined in this whitepaper. (TTT) will be limited to the pool of token s
created during this stage.

• Tap Coin (TTT) is a token on the Ethereum platform. Its design follows widely adopted standards.

• Nevertheless, Tap Coins main focus is to be a utility token as users are required to hold Tap Coins to gain entry
to the platform. Doing so they can earn (TTT) while gaming.

• An amount of 1.5 billion tokens will be created. 140 million will be offered in the Early Contribution stage and
610 million will be offered to the public during a 30 day crowdfunding sale. Thus providing a total of 750 million
TTT provided during both contribution periods.

17 Early Contribution Period

Tap Coin Early Contributors period was held prior to the ICO. This Early Contribution period took place on
October 5th 2017 to October 20th 2017. The EC period allowed early supporters to receive a 30% bonus before the
actually Tap Coin (TTT) token sale.

18 Why Early Contribution?

Over the time of developing the Tap Coin, thousands of hours have been dedicated to ensure that a product that is
best for the community is produced. Tap Project has received amazing support from both investors, users, and game
developers. The Tap Project can be sectioned into 3 parts, The Tap Platform, The Tap Coin, and The Tap
Contribution Period. The Tap Platform and the development of the product have been a success and the team is
extremely excited about the progress that has been made and the way it can be integrated in with current gaming
systems and utilities.

The Tap Coin crowdsale contract has been completed and has been tested and deployed. In order for the Tap
Project team to position themselves and the Tap Coin into the best position for success they have added an Early
Contributors period. All other terms in regards to the original whitepaper will remain the same and there will be no
changes in vision, strategy or roadmap.

The Early Contribution period will allow The Tap Project to complete the following:

• Tap Platform Alpha Product: to provide the necessary funds to complete integration with developers/publisher.

• Terms with Marketing directors/companies/Designers: to ensure maximum exposure and success of Crowdsale
Contribution Period.

• Hire additional Staff: for the game engine plugin’s, and expanding the blockchain/smart contract development
team.

The Tap Project team has learnt that negotiating the best terms for the Tap Coins requires funds and they want to
ensure that the legacy backers, supporters, and the community get the best.

12.12.12.



19 Early Contribution Terms Information

The Early contributor’s campaign will take place online, and will be raised through Ethereum transactions.
Participants supporting the development of the Tap project can do so by sending Ether to the designated address.
The Tap Project looks to raise a maximum of 11 000 ETH (hard cap). The distribution of TAP Coins (TTT) will be
distributed upon completion of the early contributor’s campaign. The recommended and minimum threshold (soft
cap) of 1 400 ETH will be set, and all funds will be used upon completion of early contribution.

The Tap Coins that are allocated during the early contributions stage will not be transferable or tradable until after
the completion of final crowdsale contribution period. If the soft cap is not reached in both the Early Contribution
and the Main ICO period all funds will be refunded and returned to participants.

Backers supporting TAP will be provided 10,000 TTT per 1 ETH in addition to a 30% bonus as incentive to support
the Tap Project. With a 30% bonus, 1 ETH will be 13,000 TTT3. This again, is incentive for early contributors. Tap
Coins will be transferred to those wallets immediately upon contribution. Recommended contribution for all
participating is at least 5 ETH. Milestones are outlined below:

20 Tap Community Partner Program

The Tap Project has introduced the Tap Community Partners Program. This status will be held for those who
contribute over 5ETH only during the early contribution stage. The project has implemented this in order to show
its gratitude to the community and those that contribute during early stages. There has also been an additional
bonus for those that contributed over 5 ETH.

The breakdown is as follows:

• 5–25 ETH Contribution receives an ADDITIONAL 2% Bonus (32% total)

• 25–50 ETH Contribution receives an ADDITIONAL 5% Bonus (35% total)

• 50–100 ETH contribution receives an ADDITIONAL 10% Bonus (40% total)

• 100+ ETH contribution receives an ADDITIONAL 20% Bonus (50% total)

Those that are designated as Tap Community Partners will be grandfathered in during the introduction of Proof of
Stake. They will only be required to hold the minimum set of TTT to gain entry onto the platform.

21 Crowdfunding & ICO Information

• The crowdfunding campaign will take place online, and will be raised through Ethereum transactions. Partic-
ipants support ing the development of the Tap Project can do so by sending Ether to the designated address.

3these terms were only set for the Early Contribution Period

13.13.13.



The Tap Project looks to raise a maximum of 11,000 ETH between both the Early Contribution and Main
contribution period. Early Contribution coins will be distributed immediately. The distribution of main (TTT)
coins will be distributed upon completion of the crowdfunding campaign. The minimum threshold of 1,400 ETH
(or 419K USD) will be established during the Early Contribution period, if the contributions are raised less then
such, this will be rolled forward into the main crowdfunding period.

• Backers supporting (TTT) will be provided 10,000 (TTT) per 1 ETH (See Early Contribution Period for Early
Contribution Bonus %). Milestones are outlined below:

The original contribution period was set from November 5th to December 5th. However, feedback from the
community requested that a new contribution period from November 5th to January 20th 2018. On November 25th
2017 at 1200 PST, ALL contributions will receive a 50% bonus for the rest of the contribution period. Those who
had contributed during the early contribution and prior to the new bonus will be retroactively and manually
provided the bonus upon the completion of the main contribution period.

See Tap Project Improvement Plan for details (TPIP)

22 Distribution of ETH Funds

All funds received will be distributed as such:

Tap Project Team: consists of employee salary and costs. We assume that this will finance a team of 7 highly
talented individuals. Among them being developers, programmers, marketing team for a period of 5 years initially.

14.14.14.



Business Operations: this includes the cost of an office and other indirect costs such as legal fees, payment
diversifications, and future development.

Technological Expansions: covers expenditures associated with expanding Tap Coin but also expanding on
decentralized game as a whole. This also includes expenditures on external technology that Tap coins depends on.

Marketing & Business Development: includes Tap Coin marketing strategies to get game developers and companies
on-board. This also will support 3rd party integrations for developers expanding the Tap coin community.

Business Unification: covers the Tap project expansion plan. This includes both mergers and acquisitions of
like-minded companies or technology. All companies will be rigorously vetted and audited to ensure smooth
transitions.

Contingency: is calculated as 5% of the total budget.

23 Distribution of Tap Funds

Crowdfunding Participants Sale: Total of 750,000,000 TTT (50%), of which 610M offered during main contribution
period. Please see early contribution details for further information regarding early contribution coins. These Coins
are offered for sale to public participants. Any remaining Tap Coins will be transferred.

TAP Project Team: 150,000,000 TTT (10%), these coins will be minted during the Early Contribution period and
distributed to the team. Coins will be subject to a period of illiquidity. These coins will also be used to incentivize
future employee expansion and future development over 5 years.

Tap Legacy: 120,000,000 TTT (8%), Tap Coins allocated will compensate an investor stakeholders, advisors, Venture
Capitalists, and founders who contributed to the progress of the TAP project over the past years. These coins will
be made immediately available and will be allocated proportional to each person’s contribution.

TAP Participant Rewards: 30,000,000 (2%), these coins will be used to compensate crowdfunding participants for
bringing in significant value after the crowdfunding sale.

Platform Reserve System: 450,000,000 TTT (30%) + (TTT not sold during crowdsale), these coins will be used to
support the Tap Coin Proof of Stake concept. The reserve system will act as a self-sufficient organism that will
provide the drip bonuses as well as be a reserve for game payouts. These will be distributed by the contract and not
manually. Additionally, these TTT will create developer partnerships for gaming within the Tap project. The
Reserve system will also be used to reward innovative indie game developers to help foster the implementation of
TAP coins into their games.

The coin creation is capped at a total of 11,000 ETH (including the Early Contribution). The amount of coins
mentioned above assumes a sold out coin sale sold at 10,000 TTT per 1 ETH + 50% Bonus. In the other case the
total amount of coins created will be less and the above breakdown will be allocated pro rata. A 5 year re-assessment
will be conducted to determine the % of TTT that are circulated and a public notice will be issued to advise the
Team outcome. Coins that are not sold during the main contribution period will be held in a separate wallet for at
least 6 months. At that time they will be transferred to the Tap Project Reserve to further help promote and create
developer partnerships and help foster the implementation of Tap Coins in their games.

15.15.15.



Below is the distribution of Tokens if the Hard cap of 11,000 ETH is met. Therefore, 250M TTT would be
transferred to the Platform Reserve System to act as sustainability for the platform, and Proof of Stake.

24 Development Team

We’re a sincere team with straightforward visions. We believe that there is an amazing amount to be learnt by
working innovative and forward thing technologies. With this in mind, we began connecting our team together back
in 2009 with the emergence of Bitcoin. From there we first started development of what can be labelled TruC 1.0 for
the web platform. We’ve had an amazing journey coming to where we are today, and now feel confident that we can
provide T ap coins on a distributed platform (blockchain).

Haniff Knight: From his early years Haniff began exploring pixel game development. He was a champion gamer and
organized numerous large scale gaming tournaments. After attending university, Haniff founded his own gaming

16.16.16.



production company. Over the last few years, his production company has streamed numerous gaming events as well
as developed a multi-platform streaming/incentive application. Haniff continues to oversee a company that continues
to bring new cutting edge streaming and reviews. Haniff has been a supporter of using blockchain technology to
solve many problems in the gaming industry since bitcoins early days. He has hosted discussion panels and talks
regarding the gaming industry and future changes. He is a big believer in providing indie developers more profits
and gamers more options and experiences by using the ethereum ecosystem.

Hugh Knight: Hugh is the lead platform developer. Hugh also founded multiple companies, one of which he sold. He
brings 15+ years of computational experience. Hugh has numerous security certifications as well as a complete
understanding of network infrastructure and development. He is a tournament gamer and has participated in
multiple tournaments, some of which he has place first. Hugh has managed and developed multiple applications
through his development company, some of which include: multi-platform streaming application, cloud based visitor
registration system and web based blogging application. Hugh is also a big supporter of using the blockchain
technology to advanced today’s current ecosystem. Having closely followed Bitcoin and the Ethereum protocol he
believes that combining it with gaming provides the perfect experience for both developers and gamers alike.

Rory Piant: With a background in journalism and finance, Rory has helped several successful ICOs and crowd-sales
meet their funding goals. Specializing in marketing and community management he brings both insight, and
experience to cryptocurrency projects. ”My real focus in ensuring the creation of a community that is both educated
and energized by the possibilities of Tap Coin”. He currently resides in Texas where he lives with his wife, two
daughters, and a very destructive dog.

Noel Dulay: Extensive knowledge providing business development through marketing and social channels. Noels
expertise consists of marketing though all major networks & face to face based networking. Experience in sales has
allowed him to host multi-million dollar contracts & negotiations. Noel has a vast background in B2B, and business
to consumer sales.

25 Conclusion

The main motivation for the Tap Project has always been to allow gamers and developers to share a common
gaming currency. We are not just creating a currency on the blockchain, but a community. We’ve researched and
analyzed the market in-depth, but don’t have all the answers of what the Tap project or Tap coin will become, but
we invite you to join us in creating something innovative.

26 Terms and Conditions

This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell shares or
securities in the Tap Project or any related or associated company. Tap coin tokens do not grant control. This
document may change throughout and before the Crowdsale and it is up to the reader to ensure they are reading the
correct terms on the website. Controlling Tap coin tokens does not grant its controller ownership or equity in any
affiliated companies or platforms or any other associated business. While community feedback may be taken, Tap
coin tokens do not grant any right to participate in the direction or decision making of any business related to the
platform or business. Tap coin tokens can be used within the compatible systems and in decentralized tournaments
and gamer to gamer matches. No guarantee of revenue or profit resulting from marketing, trading or earning Tap
Coins. There is no expectation of profit from Tap Coins and its primary use is for integration into games. All
examples of revenue and profits used in this document are for demonstrative purposes or represent industry averages
only and do not constitute guarantees of results of marketing. Rates are subject to change at any time, and are
projected monthly. Risks associated with Ethereum and Tap coin tokens may be issued on the Ethereum blockchain.

17.17.17.



As such, any malfunction or unexpected functioning of the Ethereum protocol may cause Tap coin token trading
network to operate in an unexpected way. Risks associated with any console or gaming platform will not be passed
onto Tap coin, Its team or acting business. As such, any malfunction or unexpected functioning of the Tap Project
may cause the token trading network to operate in an unexpected way. Regulatory Uncertainty, Blockchain related
tech has been the subject of oversight and scrutiny by different regulatory bodies around the world. The Tap Coin
network could be impacted by one or more regulatory inquiries or actions, including but not limited to restrictions
on the use or possession of digital tokens like Tap coins, which could impede the Tap coin tokens in the future. Tap
coin tokens are not an investment. Tap coin tokens do not represent any formal or legally binding investment. Due
to unforeseen circumstances, goals outlined in this white paper are subject to change. While it is our intention to
achieve all markers outlined in this white paper, all individuals and parties purchasing Tap coin tokens do so at their
own risk. Quantum computers, Technical advances such as the development of quantum computers could present
risks to cryptocurrencies including Tap coin tokens. Lack of adoption While Tap coin tokens should not be viewed as
an investment, they may have value over time. That value may be limited if the Platform lacks use and adoption.
Risk of loss Funds held from the crowdsale are uninsured. In the event of loss or loss of value, there is no public or
private insurer to offer recourse to the purchaser. This fund is owned by multiple business entities not listed in this
whitepaper, the Tap Coin Foundation is a separate entity and solely independent ownership structure. Risk of
failure, It is possible that, due to any number of reasons, including without limitation the failure of business
relationships or marketing strategies, that the Tap coin network and all subsequent marketing from the money raised
in this crowdsale may fail to achieve success. Risk of new technology Crypto tokens like Tap coin are a fairly new
and relatively untested technology. In addition to the risks mentioned in this document, there are further risks that
the Tap Project team may not anticipate. These risks may materialize as variations of the risks set forth here.
Integration, This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter
hereof. All prior agreements, discussions, representations, warranties, and covenants are merged herein. There are no
warranties, representations, covenants, or agreements, express or implied, between the parties except those expressly
set forth in this Agreement. This Agreement may only be amended by a written document duly executed by the
parties. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, TAP
COIN TOKENS, IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND YOU SHALL NOT HOLD THE TAP PROJECT
FOUNDATION, TEAM OR BUSINESS PARTNERS LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES,
WHATSOEVER, IN THEIR ENTIRETY. UPON THE INITIAL ISSUANCE, TAP COIN TOKENS ARE SENT
TO YOU WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, THE ABOVE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

18. 18. 18.


	Introduction
	Market & Industry
	Vision
	Developers & Publishers
	Gamers
	Tap Tournament
	Tap Avatars
	ERC-20 - TOKEN STANDARD
	Proof of Stake Concept
	Roadmap – Road to Zion
	Q2 Detailed Roadmap
	Tap Conceptual Alpha
	Purpose of Conceptual Alpha
	Tap Value Matrix
	Patent Pending
	Tap Coin (“TTT”)
	Early Contribution Period
	Why Early Contribution?
	Early Contribution Terms Information
	Tap Community Partner Program
	Crowdfunding & ICO Information
	Distribution of ETH Funds
	Distribution of Tap Funds
	Development Team
	Conclusion
	Terms and Conditions

