


































 

 
 

 

 

Bancor Protocol  
Continuous Liquidity and Asynchronous Price 
Discovery for Tokens through their Smart Contracts; 
aka “Smart tokens” 
 

 
 
 

Eyal Hertzog, Guy Benartzi & Galia Benartzi 
 
April 28, 2017 
 
Draft Version 0.77 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The phrase "double coincidence of wants" was coined by Jevons (1875). "The first difficulty in 
barter is to find two persons whose disposable possessions mutually suit each other's wants. 
There may be many people wanting, and many possessing those things wanted; but to allow of 
an actual act of barter there must be a double coincidence, which will rarely happen."  

 



 

Table of Contents 
 

Table of Contents 1 

The Bancor Protocol 2 

Background 2 

Introducing Smart Tokens: A Solution to the Liquidity Problem 3 

A New Method for Price Discovery 3 

Use-Cases for Smart Tokens 4 

The Long tail of User-Generated Currencies 4 

Crowdfunding a Project 4 

Token-Changers 5 

Decentralized Token Baskets 5 

Network Tokens 5 

Advantages of Smart Tokens 6 

The Bancor Protocol Ecosystem 6 

A Solution to the Coincidence of Wants Problem 7 

Smart Token Initiation and Customization 7 

The Bprotocol Foundation 8 

BANCOR - The First Smart Token 8 

BANCOR Crowdsale Objectives 8 

Examples and Illustrations 9 

Example #1: Smart Token Transaction Flows 9 

Example #2: Token Changer Transaction Flows 10 

Illustrative Map of a Potential BANCOR Network 11 

Price Calculation Per Transaction 11 

Summary 12 

Acknowledgements 12 

 

 

   

1 



 

The Bancor Protocol 
Abstract: The Bancor protocol enables built-in price discovery  and a liquidity mechanism for 

1

tokens on smart-contract blockchains. These “smart tokens” hold one or more other tokens in 

reserve, and enable any party to instantly purchase or liquidate the smart token in exchange for 

one of its reserve tokens, directly through the smart token’s smart-contract, at a continuously 

calculated price, according to a formula which balances buy and sell volumes. 

 

The Bancor protocol is named in honor of the Keynesian proposal  to introduce a supranational 2

reserve currency called Bancor to systematize international currency conversion after World War 
II. 

Background 
We live in a world where anyone can publish an article, song or video, create a discussion group 
and even run an online marketplace. We are now beginning to witness the emergence of 
user-generated currencies. Different types of stored-value (“currencies” hereafter) have been 
issued and circulated for centuries in the form of bank notes, bonds, equity, gift-cards, loyalty 
points, community currencies  and others. Bitcoin was the first ​decentralized​ digital currency, 3
followed by a wave of new cryptocurrencies that have been issued since, and recently we’ve 
seen the rise of a new asset class of  “tokens” that are typically issued in crowdsales (“ICOs”) 
through smart contracts.  
 
However, currencies, which are essentially ​networks of value​, do not connect to each other in the 
same way that information networks do. While the switches on Internet exchange points (IXs) 
interlink information networks - the active traders on ​exchanges​ are effectively interlinking 
currencies. 
 
The current exchange model for currencies/assets has a critical barrier, as a certain volume of 
trading activity is required to achieve market-liquidity. This inherent barrier makes it nearly 
impossible for small-scale currencies (such as community currencies, loyalty-points or other 
custom tokens) to be linked (exchangeable) to other popular currencies using a 
market-determined exchange rate. 
 
In the age of smart-contract blockchains, tokens can be automatically managed by immutable 
code which controls their issuance and behavior. We realized this could mean allowing tokens to 
hold balances of other tokens (i.e. “reserves”), directly through their smart contracts, that could 
be designed by their creators and managed programmatically. These new technological 
capabilities warrant rethinking of the possible solutions for converting one currency to another 
and determining market prices. 

1
 ​https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Price_discovery  

2
 ​https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bancor  

3
 ​https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community_currency  

2 

https://blog.bancor.network/coins-are-networks-and-crowdsales-are-their-killer-app-a6ebc16bef31
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community_currency
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Price_discovery
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bancor


 

Introducing Smart Tokens: A Solution to the Liquidity Problem 
Smart tokens are standard ERC20 tokens which implement the Bancor protocol, providing 
continuous liquidity while automatically facilitating price-discovery. The smart token’s contract 
instantly processes ​buy​ and ​sell​ orders, which drive the price-discovery process. Due to this 
capability, smart tokens do not need to be traded in an exchange in order to become liquid.  
 
A smart token holds a balance of least one other ​reserve token​, which (currently) can be a 
different smart token, any ERC20 standard token or Ether. Smart tokens are issued when 
purchased and destroyed when liquidated, therefore it is always possible to purchase a smart 
token with its reserve token, as well as to liquidate a smart token to its reserve token, at the 
current price. 

A New Method for Price Discovery 
A smart token utilizes a novel method for price-discovery which is based on a “Constant Reserve 
Ratio” (CRR). The CRR is set by the smart token creator, for each reserve token, and used in price 
calculation, along with the smart token’s current supply and reserve balance, in the following way: 
 

riceP = BalanceSupply × CRR  

 
This calculation ensures that a constant ratio is kept between the reserve token balance and the 
smart token’s market cap. Dividing the market cap by the supply produces the price according to 
which the smart tokens can be purchased and liquidated through the smart-contract. The smart 
token’s price is denominated in the reserve token and readjusted by the smart contract per each 
purchase or liquidation, which increases or decreases the reserve balance and the smart token 
supply (and thus the price) as detailed below. 
 
When smart tokens are purchased (in any of their reserve currencies) the payment for the 
purchase is added to the reserve balance, and based on the calculated price, ​new smart tokens 
are issued​ to the buyer. Due to the calculation above, a purchase of a smart token with a less 
than 100% CRR will cause its price to increase, since both the reserve balance and the supply are 
increasing, while the latter is multiplied by a fraction. 
 
Similarly, when smart tokens are liquidated, they are ​removed from the supply​ (destroyed), and 
based on the current price, reserve tokens are transferred to the liquidator. In this case, for a 
smart token with a CRR less than 100%, any liquidation will trigger a price decrease. 
 
This asynchronous price discovery model works by constantly readjusting the current price 
toward an equilibrium between the purchase and liquidation volumes. While in traditional 
exchanges the price is determined by two matched orders in ​real-time​, smart token prices are 
calculated ​over-time​, following every order.  
 
The above formula calculates the current price, however, when a purchase or liquidation is 
executed, the effective price is calculated as a function of the transaction size. The calculation 

3 



 

can be described as if every transaction is broken up into infinitely small increments, where each 
increment is changing the smart token’s supply, reserve balance, and thus its price. This ensures 
that purchasing the same amount of smart tokens in a single or multiple transactions would yield 
the same total price. Additionally, this method ensures that the CRR will be kept constant and the 
reserve can never be drained. Essentially, the effect of the transactions size on the price (due to 
its changing the smart token’s supply and reserve balance) is incorporated into the effective price 
for any transaction. The mathematical functions for calculating price per transaction size are 
presented further in this document. 

Use-Cases for Smart Tokens 

The Long tail  of User-Generated Currencies 4

The long tail phenomena can be observed in many different online ecosystems such as 
publishing (blogs), videos (YouTube), discussion forums (Reddit, Facebook Groups) and more. In 
each of these examples, the long tail has become significantly larger in scale than everything that 
preceded it. The forming of a long tail begins as soon as the barriers to its existence are removed 
(e.g. YouTube making it simple for anyone to upload and share user-generated videos).  
 
There are many examples of user-generated-currencies, such as community currencies 
(community oriented currencies), loyalty points (business oriented currencies), and the most 
recent being hundreds of cryptocurrencies (protocol oriented currencies). However, the need to 
achieve and maintain liquidity for these small or new currencies remains a significant barrier for 
their viability. 
 
Smart tokens are unique in that they can be purchased or liquidated by a single party, using the 
calculated price, ​removing the need for two wants to be simultaneously matched​. This effectively 
means that by using the Bancor protocol, small-scale currencies with a low expected trade 
volume can offer continuous liquidity, thus, removing the barrier for them to be linked to the 
global economy. 
 
Enabling the long-tail of currencies is likely to bring about a new generation of creative 
use-cases. Though it’s improbable to predict all of them, some of the more likely use-cases are 
listed below.  

Crowdfunding a Project 
The crowdfunding space has been growing rapidly. Smart tokens can be used for crypto 
crowdfunding initiatives, where the participants receive tokens which are liquid and 
market-priced. For example, a musician may collect funds to record an album, which would be 
sold online exclusively in exchange for the issued tokens. A successful album would generate 
high demand for the tokens, driving up their price and rewarding those holding them. Many other 
examples exist such as crowdfunding a venture capital fund or raising initial capital for a 
credit-creating neighborhood currency. 

4
 ​https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Long_tail  

4 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Long_tail


 

Token-Changers 
Token-changers are smart tokens that can be used to exchange between other standard ERC20 
tokens. Token-changers hold multiple reserves-tokens, with a total CRR of 100%. A 
token-changer is designed to provide an exchange service between its reserve tokens (a 
two-step action of purchasing the smart token with one reserve token, and immediately 
liquidating it for another.) 
 
Due to the price calculation formula, each time reserve token X is converted to reserve token Y -- 
the price of X decreases, while the price of Y increases. Larger transactions would move the 
price more sharply, however, a higher reserve balance would reduce price volatility. 
 
As noted, any standard ERC20 token can be used as a reserve even if they are already traded in 
one or more classic or decentralized exchanges. In such a scenario, a price gap may open 
between the calculated price of a reserve token and its price in an outside exchange. This 
situation would ​incentivize arbitrageurs to realign the price difference​, exactly as occurs when 
price gaps open up between different exchanges, thus keeping the token-changer prices in sync 
with the prices in which the tokens are traded in other exchanges. 
 
A token-changer’s creator may set a conversion fee that would apply on each 
purchase/liquidation. The fees are being accumulated in the reserves and thus increase the 
smart token’s price with every token conversion taking place, increasing the smart token’s value. 
This increase will benefit the holders of the smart token, who may have deposited the original 
reserves when the smart token was created, or purchased it with any of its reserve token’s at any 
time after that.  
 
Popular exchanges such as MtGox and Bitfinex have been hacked with hundreds of millions of 
dollars worth of assets stolen from their accounts. Converting one token to another using a 
token-changer does not require depositing funds in an exchange and thus removes the 
counterparty risk from the process. Another important benefit is that no transaction limits need to 
be be applied, as is the case with other instant-trading solutions, due to the decentralized nature 
of the token changer. 

Decentralized Token Baskets 
Smart tokens can be used as decentralized token-baskets, which function similar to ETFs or index 
funds, simply by holding a portfolio of reserve tokens with a total CRR of 100%. As prices of any of 
the reserve tokens rise or fall, so does the value of the smart token. Similar to token-changers, 
here as well arbitrageurs are incentivized to realign the conversion rates with market prices 
which ensures the proper ratios are kept between the reserves according to their real-time 
market value. This enables users to directly hold asset baskets, without a financial services 
provider intermediary.  

Network Tokens 
A collection of smart tokens that use the same reserve token form a ​network of tokens​. The 
common reserve token can be described as a ​network token​ which captures the combined value 
of the network. An increased demand for any of the smart tokens in the network would propel 

5 



 

the demand for the network token, since it is required for purchasing these tokens and then held 
in their reserve. This would drive up the price of the network token, which ​benefits the entire 
network​ since the value of the tokens’ reserves increases. The network-token also functions as a 
“token for tokens”, rendering all the smart tokens in the network inter-changeable.  
 
Network tokens can be useful for those who wish to roll out multiple and related, smart tokens, 
for different purposes (e.g. Regional network of community currencies, a video game studio with 
multiple game credits, a group of independant businesses issuing a joint loyalty program). The 
network token model creates synergetic relationships between the member tokens, comparable 
to the way a single successful Ethereum service would drive up the value of Ether, benefiting ​all 
of​ ​its holders​. 
 
An additional network token usecase is to interlink a set of token changers, where each of them 
holds a 50% CRR in the network token, and 50% CRR in another standard token. This structure 
would enable exchanging any token in the network to another, while increasing the demand for 
the network token whenever a new token changer is created or appreciates. 

Advantages of Smart Tokens 
Smart tokens introduce multiple advantages over the traditional exchange model: 
 

1. Continuous Liquidity​ - Since purchasing and liquidating is done through the smart 
contract - smart tokens are always liquid, irrespective of their trading volume. 

2. No Extra Fees​ - The only mandatory fees applied by a smart token are the blockchain 
platform fees (Gas) which are relatively low. 

3. No Spread​ - Since the price calculation is done algorithmically by the smart token, the 
same price applies for purchasing and liquidating the smart tokens. 

4. Predictable Price Slippage ​- Smart tokens allow pre-calculation of the precise price 
slippage, based on the transaction size, before it is executed. 

5. Lower Volatility - ​A smart token with 10% CRR (for example) is comparable to an 
exchange with 10% of the ​entire supply​ in the order-book at all times, forming substantial 
market depth. In a typical crypto exchange, the share of the supply in the market depth at 
any given moment is well below 1%. The higher the CRR, the lower the volatility. The lower 
the CRR, the more “new credit” is created relative to the original reserve amount. 

The Bancor Protocol Ecosystem  
Different parties can take take on different roles in the Bancor network ecosystem. The primary 
forms of participation are as follows: 
 

● End-Users ​can receive, hold, transfer, request, purchase and liquidate tokens. 
● Smart Token Creators ​issue new, always liquid smart tokens, that may be used for 

trading, token-changing, as token-baskets or as network-tokens. 
● Asset Tokenizers​ (e.g. Tether-USD, Digix-Gold) issue ERC20 tokens representing external 

assets, thus enabling smart tokens to use these assets as reserve tokens (. Existing 
crypto-exchanges that operate under their local KYC regulations are well positioned to 
provide asset-tokenization services.) 

6 



 

● Arbitrageurs​ are organically incentivized to constantly reduce gaps between prices on 
crypto exchanges and Bancor network. Smart tokens work similarly to exchanges in that 
purchasing an asset increases its price and selling it decreases it, so that the same 
arbitrage mechanics and incentives apply.  

A Solution to the Coincidence of Wants Problem 
The coincidence-of-wants problem , in the current exchange model, creates a situation where 5

assets are required to be traded at a certain minimal volume, or face a liquidity risk . The cause 6

for this limitation is that the chance of finding a second party with opposite wants to exchange 
with, correlates to the asset’s trading activity level. Smart tokens solve this problem through the 
use of reserve tokens which embed market depth directly into the smart token’s contract. 
 
Smart tokens are a ​technological solution​ to the ​coincidence-of-wants problem​ for ​asset 
exchange​, rather than a labor-based solution as used in traditional (or decentralized) exchanges. 
The current laborers in asset exchange are the professional market-makers who provide liquidity 
and facilitate collaborative price discovery. In the domains of information exchange and trade, the 
technologies of writing and currency replaced labor-intensive solutions (speaking and barter) with 
technological ones, creating mass efficiencies for societies and unlocking collaboration on a 
global and intergenerational level. The Bancor protocol proposes to similarly advance the domain 
of asset exchange by replacing the need for labor, with a technological solution to the existing 
coincidence-of-wants problem.  

Smart Token Initiation and Customization 
New smart tokens can be created simply by depositing an initial reserve/s and issuing the initial 
token supply. Alternatively smart tokens can be initiated through a crowdsale, where a part of the 
proceeds is allocated as the initial reserve.  

 

   

5
 ​https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coincidence_of_wants  

6
 ​https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liquidity_risk  

7 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coincidence_of_wants
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liquidity_risk


 

The Bprotocol Foundation 
Bprotocol is a Swiss nonprofit foundation, whose core objective is the establishment of the 
Bancor protocol as a global standard for intrinsically tradeable currencies.  
 
The Bprotocol Foundation will issue BANCOR - the first smart token to be deployed using the 
Bancor protocol, establishing the ​BANCOR network. ​The Foundation will collaborate with 
different contractors to achieve its goals, as well as governments, businesses, academics and 
NGOs committed to realizing collaboration potential in communities around the world. 

BANCOR - The First Smart Token 
The BANCOR network token will hold a single reserve in Ether. Other smart tokens, by using 
BANCOR as (one of) their reserve(s), connect to the BANCOR network and become 
exchangeable to each other using the price discovery method outlined in this paper.  
 
BANCOR network forms a monetary structure where increased demand for ​any​ of the network’s 
tokens drives up the value of the common BANCOR token, benefiting ​all​ other smart token​s 
holding it in reserve. Naturally, it is also susceptible to downward price pressure by decreased 
demand. 
 
BANCOR network will include user-generated currencies, token-changers (forming a global 
decentralized, highly liquid exchange), decentralized token baskets as well as and subnetworks. 
 
BANCOR token will be issued in a crowdsale scheduled for May, 30, 2017. Additional details will 
be announced in early May. 

BANCOR Crowdsale Objectives 
● A portion of the funds raised will be used as the Ether reserve for BANCOR (details on the 

CRR will be outlined in the offer memorandum), enabling continuous liquidity to Ether for 
any BANCOR holder, as well as any holder of a smart token using BANCOR as a reserve. 

● A portion of the funds will be used to develop, promote and support the open-sourced, 
blockchain-agnostic, Bancor protocol implementations, and support related technologies 
and applications such as an open-source, user-friendly web service (desktop and mobile) 
to provide wallet, token-conversion, new smart token creation and crowdsale solutions. 

● A portion of the funds will be used to set-up and fuel the first batch of token changers for 
popular ERC20 tokens, which function as a ​decentralized solution for token exchange 
between all the included tokens. This model introduces key advantages, incentivizing 
asset tokenizer​s to represent additional real-world assets as Ethereum tokens.  

● A portion of the funds will be used to participate in and support innovative and promising 
future smart token crowdsales in the BANCOR network. This includes new, 
location-based and vertical-specific smart token initiatives such as regional token 
networks, community currencies, crowdfunded projects and other online or offline 
token-based ecosystems. 

8 



 

Examples and Illustrations 

Example #1: Smart Token Transaction Flows 
In this example, a crowdsale for a new token 
(BANCOR) has collected 300,000 ETH.  
 
300,000 BANCOR are issued at a 1:1 ratio and 
transferred to the crowdsale participants. 
240,000 ETH were directed towards  funding 
the BANCOR project’s development and 
60,000 (20% CRR) were kept in the BANCOR 
smart contract as a reserve. 
 

● Purchasing and liquidating BANCOR 
becomes possible as soon as the 
crowdsale is completed. The opening 
price is the last crowdsale price (in this 
example 1 ETH for the first BANCOR.)  

● BANCOR liquidators get ETH from the 
reserve of BANCOR, the liquidated 
BANCORs are destroyed, and 
BANCOR price decreases respectively. 

● BANCOR buyers get newly minted 
BANCORs, their payment in ETH is 
added to the smart contract reserve 
and the BANCOR price increases. 

 
The ETH reserve always remains 20% of the BANCOR market cap by dictating how the current 
price is calculated. 
 

 
Link to Spreadsheet 

9 

https://goo.gl/3hR6e8


 

Example #2: Token Changer Transaction Flows 
In this example, the BNCDGX smart token is created to function as a token-changer between 
BANCOR and DGX (Tokenized Gold), holding both in reserve with a 50% CRR each, for a total of 
100% CRR.  
 
Assuming a current market price of 1 BANCOR = 2 DGX, the contract can define the initial prices 
as 1 BANCOR = 2 DGX = 1 BNCDGX and in this example, 10,000 BNCDGX are issued to the 
depositors of the initial reserves. 
 

● The opening prices are 1 BNCDGX = 1 
BANCOR = 2 DGX as was set in the 
contract. 

● The BNCDGX can be purchased with 
BANCOR or DGX. The BNCDGX price 
will increase for the reserve token it 
was purchased with (BANCOR or 
DGX), and decrease in the uninvolved 
reserve token (due to the increase in 
the BNCDGX supply). 

● BNCDGX can be liquidated back to 
BANCOR or DGX, decreasing the BNCDGX price in the liquidated reserve token, and 
increasing it in the uninvolved reserve token. 

 
This scenario demonstrates how a 100% backed smart token with multiple reserve tokens can 
function as a decentralized token-changer, open for anyone to use, and be organically balanced 
by arbitrageurs. It can be described as a “decentralized ShapeShift”, as well as a “decentralized 
token-basket,” purchasable by anyone, and organically preserving its defined holdings ratios 
through the arbitrageurs. 
 

 
Link to Spreadsheet 

   

10 

https://goo.gl/3hR6e8


 

Illustrative Map of a Potential BANCOR Network 
● BANCOR - The BANCOR network token, backed by EtherETH, DGD, DGX, REP and GNT 

are standard Ethereum-tokens 
● NEW - New smart tokens created (e.g. crowdfunding campaign, a community currency, 

etc.) 
● Smart tokens hold reserves (arrows point to the reserve tokens) 
● Token-changers are 100% backed, and hold two or more reserves 

 

 

Price Calculation Per Transaction 
The actual price of a smart token is calculated as a function of the transaction size. 
 
R - Reserve Token Balance 
S - Smart Token Supply 
F - Constant Reserve Ratio (CRR) 
 

●  = Smart tokens received in exchange for ​E ​(reserve tokens), given ​R​, ​S​ and ​FT  
((1 ) )T = S + R

E F − 1  
 

●  = Reserve tokens received in exchange for ​T​ (Smart tokens), given ​R​, ​S​ and ​FE   

( )  E = R √F 1 + ST − 1  
 
Mathematical proof​ available  7
 

7
 The mathematical proof is available online at ​https://goo.gl/HXQBUr  

11 

https://goo.gl/HXQBUr
https://goo.gl/HXQBUr


 

Summary 
The Bancor protocol standardizes smart tokens, enabling asynchronous price discovery and 
continuous liquidity for cryptocurrencies using constant ratios of reserve tokens held through 
smart contracts, acting as automated market makers. The Bancor protocol enables the creation 
of hierarchical monetary systems with no liquidity risk. The BANCOR network token will be used 
to establish the first decentralized interconnected currency exchange system which does not rely 
on matching bid and ask orders, thus remaining liquid irrespective of its trading volume. This 
system proposes the first technological solution for the ​Coincidence of Wants Problem​ in asset 
exchange.  

Acknowledgements 
We would like to express our gratitude to the many people who supported us as we wrote this 
paper. A special thanks to Meni Rosenfeld, Yehuda Levi, Amatzia Benartzi, Ron Gross, Assaf 
Bahat, Sefi Golan, Joshua Alliance, Brian Singerman, Adi Scope, Dory Asher, Tal Keinan, Wings.ai, 
TheFloor, Arie Ben-David from the Israel Monetary Change Movement, Scott Morris of Ithacash 
and the entire Bancor team, Ilana, Asaf, Or, Omr, Itay and Mati. Your support and feedback were 
truly important to us in improving this document. Thank you.  

12 


