











































 

 

 

  

THEKEY 

 

A Decentralized Ecosystem of  

An Identity Verification Tool Using National Big-data and Blockchain 

 

 

 

 

White Paper 

 

 

 

October 2017  



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 2／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

Table of Content 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 3 

BACKGROUND 6 

THEKEY PROJECT 8 

WHAT is THEKEY Project 8 

HOW THEKEY Project Works 9 

Existing IDV Solution 15 

THEKEY ECOSYSTEM AND TKY TOKEN 19 

THEKEY Ecosystem 19 

How THEKEY Ecosystem works 23 

FUTURE WORLD WITH THEKEY 25 

Convenient life 26 

Automatic Diagnosis and Treatment of Diseases 26 

Accurate Recommendation 26 

ROADMAP 28 

THEKEY PROJECT TEAM AND PARTNER 29 

Project Team 29 

Advisors and Consultants 34 

Investors and strategic partners 35 

Partners 36 

Administration Committee 36 

CONCLUSION 37 

  



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 3／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 

As more and more services and socializing shift from the real world to 

the online world, identifying each other digitally has become a 

prominent theme.  Development of Identity Verification (“IDV”)   

Technology is one of the most significant trends, which will have a critical 

impact on the digital economy. However, none of the existing online IDV 

technologies addresses two fundamental requirements: results 

generated from online IDV should be undeniable and unalterable.  

THEKEY Project is now developing a second-generation IDV solution for 

the internet via BDMI technology. BDMI stands for “Blockchain based 

Dynamic Multi-Dimension Identification” technology. Such a solution 

perfectly echoes the main requirements for identifying each other in the 

digital world, which is ‘The Key’ for migrating people from the real 

world to the online world.  BDMI, as the name of it, synergistically 

combines Dynamic Multi-Dimension Identification (“DMI”) technology 

and blockchain technology.  DMI has already passed its development 

stage and is currently applied to THEKEY’s existing first-generation IDV 

solutions, which has built a very solid ground work to guarantee the 

successful development of BDMI,   

 23 copyrights have been obtained, 15 patents have been accepted 

by SIPO (State Intellectual Property office of the P.R.C) and start 

attestation process.  

 THEKEY’s first-generation IDV solution is currently in use for 

mobile social insurance pay in two pilot cities, which people can 

receive their payment for their pension, or healthcare insurance 

reimbursement. The IDV solution is currently being deployed in 

another 41 cities, covering more than 130 million people.  

 Personal identity data of 210 million people in 66 cities, 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 4／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

authenticated by the relevant government authorities, are 

connected on a real-time basis. This constitutes a solid foundation 

of IDV.   

 Commercial contracts signed with world-leading firms and the 

business model of our IDV products in this White Paper have 

already been partly proven. 

 Six relevant national laboratories have been set up together with 

government agencies, banks, insurance companies and one 

university. 

Along with the development of a second-generation IDV solution, 

facilitated by token sales, THEKEY Project team will also develop THEKEY 

Ecosystem for providing IDV services (the "Ecosystem"). THEKEY 

Ecosystem will consist of three components of participants (Validator, 

Service Provider and Individual User), Smart Contracts and TKY Tokens 

(THEKEY Token). The objectives of setting up THEKEY Ecosystem are, 1) to 

develop a healthy environment where Personal Identity Information 

(“PII”) can be properly used and protected, and 2) to provide a 

financial incentive to the participants in the Ecosystem. 

THEKEY generates IDV results by crosschecking multi-dimensionally with 

the latest PII, behavior data and scene data. Consider an example case 

for IDV process in THEKEY Ecosystem. In THEKEY Ecosystem, when an 

individual user living in Beijing needs to be identified, such as for the 

purchase of medical insurance in Singapore, the insurance company will 

trigger a request for IDV service and start a 8-step-journey as follows:  

 The insurance company, as the service provider, triggers an IDV 

request including certain medical histories of the given individual 

user. 

 The user accepts the IDV request by using his or her fingerprint 

through THEKEY APP or the equipment of the insurance company, 

and also signs off the relevant Smart Contract between the 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 5／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

insurance company, THEKEY and the user. 

 THEKEY will review the IDV data request sent by the service 

provider against the KYC (Know Your Customer) policy of the 

relevant industry to justify if the data request is reasonable. 

 THEKEY will make comparisons between fingerprint data sent and 

the relevant data validated by the government, and then cross 

check the latest PII data, behavior data as well as scene data of the 

given user. These are all automatically settled through encrypted 

interfaces.  

 Once THEKEY is satisfied with the validity of user’s ID, IDV will 

continue.  Relevant PII like medical history data will be collected 

as defined by the Smart Contract. THEKEY will stamp its approval 

on Blockchain as verification of the result so that the medical 

insurance company can use it.  

 The Smart Contract will be settled by TKY Tokens. 

 At the same time, all previous calculations will be documented for 

future data audit.  

 The credit of the user and the medical insurance company will be 

regularly evaluated and calculated through the above-mentioned 

data audit. 

The IDV result generated from the above is efficient, accurate and 

reliable.  It could also be tailor-made for any specific ID requirement 

from the Service Provider subject to relevant applicable KYC laws and 

regulations.  This process will significantly reduce the cost of the 

insurance company and therefore further reduce the premium to be paid 

by the user. 

Compared to other peers in IDV industry, who are also applying IDV into 

blockchain, BDMI has the following three advantages: 

 More reliable results – The supporting data is gathered in real time, 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 6／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

is comprehensive, accurate and reliable. The data is also validated 

in advance by government agencies or other public institutions. 

 Lower cost - Full use of existing data sources. Avoidance of 

duplicate work for data collection, processing and authentication,  

 Better user experience – It is not necessary for individual users to 

install any application or upload any information.  

We now invite you to hold THEKEY with us. 

BACKGROUND 

Identity Verification (“IDV”) is a day-to-day demand for a growing 

number of institutions and individuals. Just think about when you open a 

bank account, take flights and go abroad, go to hospital and claim social 

medical insurance, do shopping by using credit cards, even open the 

door of your own home with a key, the request for proving that you are 

‘you’ is raised everywhere and every moment in the real world. 

With services and socializing shifted from the real world to the online 

world, IDV is becoming increasingly prominent. As the internet is a more 

anonymous space, people are able to hide their real identities on specific 

websites. One specialty for IDV on the internet is that there is no stable 

connection between the individual end user and the identity data stored 

or uploaded on the internet for verification.  A good example is credit 

card fraud. The credit card user is not necessary the credit card holder 

himself or herself, simply inputting the required information on the 

credit card would enable the payment to proceed online. Although 

nowadays, banks may provide a double confirmation mechanism such as 

sending a random code to a registered mobile phone. However, what if 

the mobile phone has been stolen at the same time? More importantly, 

just like IDV in the real world, IDV on digital world is not only a matter of 

digital security for privacy protection, but also heavily involved in the 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 7／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

discussions around financial, political, moral, legal responsibility, and 

sometimes, even social stability and national security. The result of IDV 

service, therefore, must be undeniable and unalterable in many cases.  

The abovementioned example illustrates the features for solid IDV 

solution on internet should include that  

 The supporting data should be accurate and reliable. The 

identification data used for IDV service should be the data 

authenticated by the relevant government authorities, not the 

data uploaded by a user himself or herself. To use data uploaded 

by users will give room for fraud and deceit.    

 The data needs to be crosschecked with other data of the same 

user, but from different sources to ensure solidity of IDV on the 

internet.   

 The data acquired is comprehensive, and serve various IDV 

purposes. 

 The data is updated in real time to capture any changes. 

 The data is standardized and easy for digital processing;  

 The data is well protected, with its safety guaranteed. This is not 

only for privacy protection but also for social stability. In some 

cases, it needs to address national security issues as the regulator 

expects.  

Failure to meet these requirements might cause substantial loss, 

especially in the areas indicated below: 

 Asset loss in peer-to-peer value transaction, like credit card fraud. 

 Legal and reputational implication, such as inappropriate 

statement published online by an impostor who dishonestly uses 

someone else’s name. 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 8／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

 Disclosure or theft of personal data. 

 Disclosure of national confidential information. The data’s safety 

is not only related to privacy protection, but also about national 

security.  Some statics based on sensitive individual data, such as 

the data carrying medical and health information, are classified as 

national confidential information. To avoid any misuse or causing 

social instability, access to such information requires government 

authority approval in advance in many countries.  

The existing IDV technologies, which have been developed and applied 

on the internet, can meet parts of the requirements. However, none can 

address all the issues listed above and the current IDV result could be 

denied and altered.  

THEKEY PROJECT 

WHAT is THEKEY Project 

THEKEY Project, a world-leading solution provider in IDV industry, is here 

to leverage innovations in Blockchain and Smart Contract technologies 

to develop its second-generation IDV solution to address all the 

above-mentioned issues in the internet world.  

THEKEY smart contract system will use NEO smart contract, and develop 

under DNA framework. THEKEY will co-establish a smart economy which 

consists of digital asset, digital identity and smart contract together with 

NEO. Focusing on identity verification, THEKEY will be the fundamental 

element of the whole system. The compatibility of NEO towards 

multi-programming language and the lightweight, high concurrency and 

expansibility of NEOVM will facilitate THEKEY smart contract 

development and popularization in various industries.  



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 9／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

The second-generation IDV solution will be realized by BDMI technology.  

BDMI stands for “Blockchain based Dynamic Multi-Dimension 

Identification” technology, which aims to set up a powerful and 

cost-efficient identity verification tool for the internet. The ultimate 

objective of BDMI is to generate undeniable and unalterable IDV results.  

BDMI embraces the six elements below simultaneously to deliver the 

perfect solution for IDV:  

 Unique biometric data serves as the base of BDMI.  

 The key data of BDMI used for IDV, including biometric data, are all 

validated in advance by the relevant government authorities. 

 The data of BDMI used for IDV are comprehensive enough so that 

it can meet the different requirements of various clients.  

 To ensure the reliability of BDMI, cross-checking is always carried 

out during IDV, between the government validated ID data and 

behavior data and scene data of the same user. 

 To ensure solidity of BDMI, BDMI always uses updated data when 

an IDV is executed, to capture the latest changes, if any.  

 Once an IDV is completed, the result will be properly documented 

for audit so that personal credit of the user can be evaluated and 

calculated. 

HOW THEKEY Project Works 

BDMI is a combination of two technologies, i.e. DMI and Blockchain.  

DMI  

Instead of setting up a centralized database for IDV solution THEKEY 

deploys its DMI System within the Information Centers of provincial or 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 10／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

municipal governments. The biggest advantage of such deployment is 

avoidance of duplicate work for data collection, processing and 

authentication.  

DMI system deployed in different cities focus on processing the 

centralized acquired data and mainly includes five modules as indicated 

hereunder: 

 Data Collection Module. It is based on ETL technology, which 

enables data extracted from different data resources, transformed 

to a uniformed format and upload to a central site. IDV based on 

the existed data can avoid the reduplicative cost on data collection, 

data processing, analysis and data verification.  

 Data Standardization Module. Once the data is collected, it needs 

to be standardized before it can be properly used. In data 

standardization module, two sub-modules are important, as 

indicated below, 

1) Communication Protocol Standardization module. This module 

carries out an interactive transmission of the information among 

different data systems. When there is an information exchange 

between different systems, the module will fulfill the information 

visit and exchange by standardized communication protocol. The 

flow chart below illustrates how this module works. 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 11／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

 

2) Term Standardization module. Each industry has its own 

terminologies. Even the same term used in different area may refer 

to different thing. This module relies on three pillars: ontology, 

NLP (Nature Language Processing) and AI (Artificial Interference), 

to solve this problem and build up the foundation for data 

application in diversified scenarios to serve various purposes. The 

chart below shows how terminology is standardized under this 

module. 

 

 Primary User Index Module. This module is to build up a search 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 12／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

dictionary, which can be used to easily find all the relevant files of 

every individual. All PII of a given individual will be collected as per 

his or her ID/ SSN and the module will organize the data as 

time-based inveted file. In an inveted file, the data will be 

structured as a tree, which contains a primary index, a secondary 

index and child indexes. The module categorizes the collected and 

processed data for IDV into different level of indexes as defined in 

advance. When an IDV process is triggered, the input data will be 

extracted and searched, if it matches the information in primary 

index. If the information matches, it will continue to cross-check 

the information in secondary index 

 Data Warehouse Solution Module. This module is to ensure all the 

individual files are properly stored in the data warehouse so that 

once an IDV process is trigged, the relevant files can be easily 

found. The data warehouse solution will also embrace functions 

like data input, revise, statistics and retrieval.   

 IDV engine. The main function of the IDV engine is to complete 

the IDV service in forms of attestation based on the data exchange 

platform, which embraces the four modules as described above. 

When an IDV process is trigged, the biometric data sent by the 

user will be verified by the IDV engine against the biometric data 

of the same user but authenticated by data stored by government 

authorities. The initial verification will be further crosschecked with 

the latest behavior and scene data of the given user, received from 

other validators. Once the IDV engine is satisfied with the validity 

of the biometric data sent, the IDV process will continue. Relevant 

PII and other metadata will be collected by the IDV engine as 

requested, and the result of IDV service will be released in forms of 

attestation. At the same time, the results of all previous 

calculations from every step of IDV will be properly documented 

by the engine for regular audit. Personal credit will be evaluated 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 13／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

and calculated through the previously mentioned audit.  

As demonstrated above with DMI technology, the centrally collected 

data could be well processed, transformed and easy to exchange among 

different systems. Afterwards, the data will be encrypted with a hash 

algorithm in Blockchain for decentralized application. Data ownership 

verification, authorization, pricing and payment will all happen on 

Blockchain.  

+ Blockchain 

Blockchain is a distributed ledger where the data is stored and recorded 

by different nodes, which maintain the data and transaction activities. 

Blockchain uses an asymmetric cryptographic algorithm, ensuring the 

data transmission and the safety in utilization, which is characterized by 

several features e.g. immutability, irreversibility, security etc. In particular, 

smart contracts are realized by programmable scripts, increasing the 

practicability of Blockchain. With those features, the application dilemma 

of identity verification technology is overcome. The following logical 

structure map clearly shows how the DMI technology applies on 

Blockchain to develop the new revolutionary IDV solution.  

 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 14／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

THEKEY Project team is working on combining DMI technology on 

Blockchain so that the following could be delivered: 

 Individual user would have full control of their PII information and 

KYC standard in each industry should be followed as part of Smart 

Contract when initiating and processing IDV request; 

 All records of PII relevant data collection and use will be stored on 

the Blockchain for auditing in the future, and to avoid any misuse; 

 To address the requirement of an IDV result being unaltered and 

to avoid catastrophic breakdown, relevant data currently saved in 

centralized servers of various organizations will be indexed with 

identity data block correspondingly and stored in a distributed 

way.   

 Due to the limit of storage size on Blockchain, an alternative 

option is to save PII data in the ETL database of the Validator in 

THEKEY Ecosystem, and save the hash value of the underlying data 

on Blockchain.  

= BDMI 

The BDMI framework can be divided into three different layers - protocol, 

interface and application as shown below.  

The protocol layer is set up based on Blockchain, which is applicable for 

BDMI technical selection, such as ETH, EOS, NEO etc. This layer sets the 

safety level, data authority, concurrency and flow processing. 

The interface layer provides identification data modeling by which the 

protocol layer can be connected with applications, to realize data 

standardization, anti-fraud modeling and smart contract trigger etc.  

The application layer will realize the scenarios where identification can 

be used, where interface and SDK (Software Development Kit) shall be 

provided for the data exchange. 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 15／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

 

Existing IDV Solution 

Before we continue with the second-generation IDV solution we are 

working on, let us look back at our existing IDV solution. Our existing IDV 

solution, developed by THEKEY Project team, is now being used in an 

APP known as “Social Medical Insurance 123”, by which people can 

make mobile social medical insurance payment.  The APP has a 

connection between the individual users and hospitals.  The user can 

login the APP to instruct a payment for a prescription sent by a physician 

when going to the hospital.  Unlike other smart payments in our daily 

life which are made out of personal bank accounts (for example 

shopping), social medical insurance payment is made out of a social 

medical insurance account. More requirements need to be fulfilled 

before a social medical insurance payment is made.  Due to the nature 

of social medical insurance, it is critical to identify if the payment 

applicant is the same person as the beneficiary of the scheme. Our 

existing IDV solution facilitates this process by an 8-step-journey as 

indicated hereunder,  

 Registration. The user needs to upload his or her biometrics data 

for registration on the APP.  Such biometric data will be checked 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 16／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

against relevant data validated at the medical insurance 

administration agency. Meanwhile, it will be further crosschecked 

with the data that has been validated and stored by other 

organizations, such as telecommunication companies and banks.  

After the dual-check work, the registration could be completed.   

 Once the user goes to hospital, s/he uses his or her finger print or 

face to make the payment instruction through the registered APP 

which triggers an IDV request.  

 In response to the user’s payment instruction the hospital will 

send the prescription as the claim, via the registered APP of the 

user, to medical insurance agency.  

 THEKEY will first make comparison between the biometric data 

from the user and the biometric data authenticated and stored by 

medical insurance administration agency.   

 Once THEKEY is satisfied with the consistency on the first 

checkpoint as described above, THEKEY will further crosscheck 

with the latest information collected from other institutions, like 

public security agencies, telecommunication and internet 

companies, among many others. This is to assess 1) if the user is 

still alive, and 2) if s/he still enjoys the entitlement of medical 

insurance.   

 Once the user has been proven to be eligible for medical insurance， 

THEKEY will then collect all other relevant information for 

authenticity, eligibility, compliance and rationality checks against 

the claim submitted. Once the medical insurance administration is 

satisfied with those checks, the payment will be approved.  

 The results of the above calculation will all be properly 

documented after the transaction is completed for regular audit.  



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 17／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

 In the audit, credit of both user and hospital will be evaluated, 

calculated and documented, as per the anti-fraud, abuse and 

waste policies of the medical insurance administration agency. 

Criteria from other industry like financial industry, 

telecommunication, fintech companies are also used, on pilot 

basis, for personal credit evaluation. 

Two remarkable features in our existing IDV solution compared to others 

are: 

 The data used for validation is not acquired by the individual user.  

Instead, the consistency leading towards IDV results is between 

the data uploaded by individual user and the data which has been 

validated from government or public authorities. The biggest 

advantage of this structure is to avoid “contamination of data 

source right from the starting point of IDV” since acquiring 

identity-related data from a user and then using it as the reference 

will provide room for fraud and deceit.  

 What the App provides is a channel bridging the information 

submitted by the user and the user’s own identity record stored 

in government or public institutions. We do not need users to 

store their Personal Identifiable Information (“PII”) on the App. 

Therefore, hackers are unable to access to users’ information by 

invading any newly developed platforms.  

We have so far already achieved the following with our existing IDV 

solution, which constitutes a solid foundation for BDMI,  

 23 copyrights have been obtained, 15 patents have been accepted 

by SIPO (State Intellectual Property office of the P.R.C) and start 

attestation process.  

 The previously mentioned App is used in two pilot cities, with 

which people can make payment directly from their social medical 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 18／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

insurance account. The IDV solution is now being deployed in 

another 41 cities, covering more than 130 million people.  

 Personal identity data, authenticated by relevant government 

authorities of 210 million people in 66 cities, are connected on 

real-time basis, which constitutes a solid foundation of IDV.  

 Commercial contracts signed with the reputable firms worldwide, 

and the business model of our IDV products has been proven. 

 Six relevant national laboratories have been set up together with 

government agencies, banks, insurance companies and one 

university.  

The existing IDV solution of THEKEY project team has demonstrated the 

feasibility in technology realization and massive commercial value. 

Although we have already made substantial progress in IDV industry, our 

existing IDV solution is only applicable in a centralized community at 

present.  Hence, as mentioned above, we are planning to improve our 

IDV solution by introducing Blockchain technology. Blockchain offers a 

compelling solution to the problem of combining accessibility with 

privacy and security.  Records can be held securely, using end-to-end 

encryption, and yet openly referenced and documented in a 

decentralized autonomy community. This solves the problem of dealing 

with highly sensitive or classified information in a way that still enforces 

all the privacy and confidentiality rights that consumers and regulators 

expect. Moreover, Blockchain technology will also help us to establish an 

ecosystem, through smart contract and digital currency, so that all 

participants are financially motivated.  With Blockchain technology, we 

expect our planned IDV product can serve users better. People will no 

longer need ID card, passport, keys, credit card, even mobile phone for 

making payments, opening bank accounts, applying for loans, receiving 

pensions, and paying medical bills.  



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 19／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

Comparing with other peers in IDV industry who are also applying IDV 

into Blockchain, our second-generation IDV solution has the following 

relative advantages: 

 More reliable results – The supporting data is gathered in real time, 

is comprehensive, accurate and reliable. The data is also validated 

in advance by government agencies or other public institutions. 

 Lower cost - Full use of existing data sources. Avoidance of 

duplicate work for data collection, processing and authentication,  

 Better user experience – It is not necessary for individual users to 

install any application or upload any information.  

THEKEY ECOSYSTEM AND TKY TOKEN 

Along with the development of second-generation IDV solution, 

facilitated by token sales, THEKEY Project team intends to develop 

THEKEY Ecosystem for providing IDV service (the "Ecosystem"). The 

THEKEY Ecosystem will be a decentralized autonomy community, which 

will consist of three components of participants, (Validator, Service 

Provider and Individual User) Smart Contracts and TKY Tokens. The 

objectives of setting up THEKEY Ecosystem are, 1) to develop a healthy 

environment where PII can be properly used and protected, 2) to provide 

financial incentive to the participants in the Ecosystem.  

THEKEY Ecosystem 

Ecosystem Participants 

There are three parties in THEKEY Ecosystem: (1) Validators who process 

the IDV request and generate the IDV result, (2) Service Providers who 

initiate IDV request and (3) Individual Users who are the customer of the 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 20／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

service provider and need to give consent to validators to process the 

IDV request.  Among others, the Validators are the backbone in the 

Ecosystem.  The Validators may include THEKEY, government entities, 

financial institutions and utility companies among many others. Since 

THEKEY is already an IDV service provider trusted by the parties 

concerned, it is easier to obtain data needed for IDV service from other 

sources, including highly sensitive data from government agencies as 

well as the data like medical records from hospitals. It is, therefore, an 

important node or an important validator in a decentralized IDV 

ecosystem. It is however not the only node or Validator in the Ecosystem. 

Once Validators receive an IDV request against a User from Service 

Providers, together with consent of the same user in forms of Smart 

Contracts, they will process the IDV request and generate result.  After 

that, they are able to 'stamp' their approval on the Blockchain.  

Smart Contract 

Smart Contracts will play an important role in THEKEY Ecosystem. Before 

an IDV service is provided, various Smart Contracts need to be signed off 

by all parties concerned, including Validators, Individual Users and 

Service Providers who are seeking IDV service against the same user. 

Smart contracts will have “built-in” government rules, regulations as 

well as KYC (Know Your Customer) policies of different industries. The 

built-in policies of governments and industries will not only make a 

healthier Ecosystem but also save customer time for confirming what PII 

can be used every time when IDV service is needed.   

Smart contracts are also enable the transactions among the Validators, 

Users and Service Providers.  With Individual User’s consent, 

Validators will provide with IDV service to the Service Provider who 

makes such request.  Service Provider, subject to applicable KYC policies, 

can choose among the Validators for what hierarchy of PII and data 

source it requires to serve its specific IDV purpose.  The price for 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 21／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

providing tailor-made IDV service will be adjusted by the Validators.  

Such transaction will conclude in smart contract among the Individual 

Users, Validators and Service Providers.   

TKY Token 

THEKEY token (“TKY Token”), another major component of the 

Ecosystem, is the only method to settle smart contracts signed between 

the participants in THEKEY Ecosystem. Once the Validator, Service 

Provider and the Individual User all sign-off on the transaction via the 

smart contract, the concerned parties will use TKY Tokens to settle the 

contract according to the agreed price and payment sharing plan. TKY 

Tokens would not only be obtained by purchasing in token sale events, 

but will also be able to be earned.  Individual Users, Service Providers 

and Validators could perform valuable actions in THEKEY Ecosystem to 

earn TKY Tokens.  For example, when government authorities, hospitals 

and other Service Providers or Validators provide with valuable data in 

the Ecosystem subject to Individual User consent, TKY Tokens could be 

gained and shared among the data providers and Individual Users.  In 

addition, the credit obtained by current users who are using our first 

generation IDV product could convert their credits to TKY Tokens and 

spend in THEKEY Ecosystem.   

TKY Tokens will be frequently used in THEKEY Ecosystem.  After having 

TKY Tokens, the Individual Users can use them to purchase 

identity-related products and services that will be developed at later 

stage from THEKEY, such as service to run personal background check or 

access to individual credit reports, etc. Service Providers will pay TKY 

Tokens to Validators to purchase IDV service.  Other Validators will also 

make their identity-related products and services available through the 

Ecosystem. Moreover, THEKEY will also use TKY Tokens for paying to 

other Validators or data providers when collecting data to enhance the 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 22／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

overall accuracy, comprehensively and completeness of PII for IDV 

processing. 

 

Compared to other existing tokens or even fiat currencies, the 

unreplaceable function of the dedicated token, Key Tokens, in Key 

Ecosystem includes that  

 It can be used for cross-border payment easily; 

 It can be used for the smart contracts generated in Key Ecosystem; 

 It is fractionally divisible. 

A certain portion of TKY Tokens will become liquid during the token sale 

to help promote THEKEY Ecosystem.  Like other cryptocurrencies, units 

of TKY Tokens are fungible and transferable.  The ledger will provide a 

secure mechanism for owners to transfer TKY Tokens to other 

participants and TKY Tokens are expected to trade on cryptocurrency 

exchanges in near future.  With the development and expansion of 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 23／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

THEKEY Ecosystem, as more and more participants in THEKEY Ecosystem 

are using TKY Tokens for IDV service, the core value of TKY Tokens could 

be realized. 

How THEKEY Ecosystem works 

The main features for IDV service process in THEKEY Ecosystem are 

below: 

 Individual users are always in full control his or her PII.  An 

individual user will use biometric data, such as fingerprints or face 

through THEKEY App or device installed at the service providers, 

to confirm his or her consent for validators to process the IDV 

request which is sent by the Service Provider.  No process will be 

continued unless the individual user makes such confirmation. 

 Specific requirements on PII data in the IDV request will be 

reviewed against the KYC standard policy of different industry 

before processing IDV requests.  Aside from the confirmation 

from individual users, validators will also check the eligibility of the 

IDV request.  For example, an IDV request sent out by a hotel 

containing the information on individual users certain medical 

history might be rejected, as it is not compliant with hotel KYC 

industry standards.  However, the same request from a medical 

insurance company may be considered and accepted. 

 Individual user does not need to upload his or her PII.  Validators 

will collect requested data accordingly after ratification of the first 

two items above.  

 Not one, but three sets of data of PII will be used during the 

process of IDV conducted by THEKEY via BDMIs technology.  IDV 

service of THEKEY is a result of real-time cross-checking, between 

identity data, behavior data as well as scene data of a given user. 

Identity data are from government authorities, behavior data are 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 24／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

usually from financial institutions and utility companies among 

many others, whilst scene data are normally from service providers 

who are seeking for IDV service.  For example, an IDV result as per 

a request from a hotel in Hong Kong at 9:00 am is positive, one 

hour later, the IDV result based on a request from another hotel 

based in the United States against by the same user might be 

negative, as there is some conflict in the Scene data for the given 

user.  It is difficult to obtain all the data required from various 

data sources, and get them ready in advance at one point for a 

particular IDV service. It is equally difficult to provide such IDV 

service via a centralized service system. It is now possible, however, 

through Blockchain technology, to use those highly sensitive data 

for an IDV service widely and openly, while PII of users are well 

protected. Every data source/validator in a decentralized IDV 

environment is a node of the chain.   

Consider an example case for IDV process in THEKEY Ecosystem.  When 

an individual user who is living in Beijing needs to be identified, such as 

for the purchasing of medical insurance in Singapore, the insurance 

company will trigger a request for IDV service and start a 8-step-journey 

as follows,  

 The insurance company, as the service provider triggers off an IDV 

request including certain medical-use history of the given 

individual user; 

 The user accepts the IDV request by using his or her fingerprint 

through THEKEY APP or the equipment of the insurance company, 

and also signs off the relevant Smart Contract between the 

insurance company, THEKEY and the user.  

 THEKEY will review the IDV data request sent by the service 

provider against the KYC policy of the relevant industry to justify if 

the requested data is reasonable. 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 25／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

 THEKEY will make comparisons between fingerprint data sent and 

the relevant data validated by the government, and then cross 

check the latest ID data, behavior data as well as Scene data of the 

given user.  These are all automatically settled through encrypted 

interfaces.  

 Once THEKEY is satisfied with the validity of user’s ID, IDV will 

continue.  Relevant PII and other metadata will be collected as 

defined by the Smart Contract. THEKEY will stamp its approval on 

Blockchain as the verification result so that the medical insurance 

company can use it.  

 The Smart Contract will be settled by TKY Tokens. 

 At the same time, all previous calculations will be documented for 

future data audit.  

 The credit of the user and the medical insurance company will be 

regularly evaluated and calculated through the above-mentioned 

data audit. 

Such IDV process above would significantly reduce the cost but enhance 

the accuracy and reliability for the medical insurance company, which will 

help reduce insurance premiums. 

FUTURE WORLD WITH THEKEY 

In light of the rise in e-commerce and increasingly digital lives, the need 

of IDV service has spilled quickly over every sector. THEKEY Ecosystem is 

a perfect platform using BDMI technology built on a distributed model 

with multi-parties attestation and fueled by TKY Token. It serves as the 

fundamental layers to other ecosystems, either on-chain or off-chain. 

The individual end users do not need to make any effort to prove who 

they are, such as credit card, keys or mobile phones for IDV purpose, but 

by simply connecting into THEKEY Ecosystem. Considering the huge 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 26／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

number of mainstream users and the rise of IDV service requirements, 

we do believe THEKEY Ecosystem is very promising and expandable.  

Here are some example uses below. 

Convenient life 

When you open the door, face recognition and fingerprint digitals on the 

door handle will scan the user to confirm the identity, and compare it 

with the latest behaviors maintained on Blockchain, by which it will 

justify the rationality of the time and place you are now granting access. 

Exit and entry through customs is complicated. However, with THEKEY 

Ecosystem, things get easier via face recognition and fingerprint 

verification, backstage information, blacklist from public security office, 

visa record, flight information and hotel information, will ensure effective 

clearance by the customs. 

Automatic Diagnosis and Treatment of Diseases 

The intelligent device on your body will detect the detailed data about 

your body when you feel feverish. Moreover, it can also tell where you 

are sick; MTS1 will diagnose your disease and recommend the most 

suitable medicine or diagnosis and treatment scheme according to your 

health record. It can even recommend the nearest and best doctor to you. 

The mixed payment from social security funds, self-paying and pooling 

funds will be completed in one action. Besides, the Blockchain IoT 

technology will help you get the cheapest medicine as fast as possible, 

which can be traced back to the source. 

Accurate Recommendation 

In the case that you want to purchase life or medical insurance, you can 

choose to join a mutual insurance organization, or choose a large 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 27／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

insurance company. You can give certain access permissions to the 

insurance organization, which it will base an appropriate insurance 

package for you. The insuring, underwriting and claim settlement are all 

based on your electric identity on THEKEY Ecosystem, and controlled by 

smart contracts. Moreover, you can sell your own personal data to 

insurance companies for actuarial purposes, which can decrease the 

insurance premium you need to pay. This is also realized via smart 

contracts in the THEKEY Ecosystem.   

Every aspect of life is in need of IDV based on BDMI technology i.e. 

security check, access permission, medical treatment and shopping, etc. 

The existence of THEKEY Ecosystem will make the internet and the real 

identity integrated together to facilitate your life. 

  



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 28／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

ROADMAP 

 

  



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 29／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

THEKEY PROJECT TEAM AND PARTNER 

Project Team 

 

Catherine (Xueli) LI (CEO) Bch. Med., M. Sc.,(Computer Science, Mc. 

Gill Uni.) 

Firstly introduced blockchain to DMI and has deep understanding of the 

industry application of blockchain. Five years’ experience in Canadian 

International Research Council, where she was in charge of large 

cooperation projects of leading universities in Europe and America. Ten 

years of management and sales experience at IMS Health. Catherine is 

experienced in Big Data technology, medical informatics and 

multinational corporations as a cross-domain talent. M.Sc. majored in 

Computer Science at McGill University in Canada, granted with the 

Canadian national scholarship and Quebec provincial scholarship at the 

same time. 

As the Chairwomen and CEO of the Project, Catherine is responsible for 

policymaking and implementation of the Project. Her major 

achievements are as follows,  

 Founder of Dynamic Multi-dimension Identification technology. 

First in the world to provide IDV service on internet which has 

been well accepted by government, banks, statutory and private 

insurance, mobile medicine as well as the world leading smart 

payment companies.  

http://cn.bing.com/dict/search?q=Large&FORM=BDVSP6&mkt=zh-cn
http://cn.bing.com/dict/search?q=cooperation&FORM=BDVSP6&mkt=zh-cn
http://cn.bing.com/dict/search?q=projects&FORM=BDVSP6&mkt=zh-cn


 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 30／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

 Team Leader; successful completion of the Data Acquisition 

Program of the Project covering identification related data of 210 

million people in 66 cities from varies government departments, 

financial institutions as well as utility companies.  

 Team Leader; six national laborites in the relevant scientific areas 

with government, insurance companies and universities.  

 Team Leader; Champion and Bronze Prize Winner, China Social 

Security Data Application Championship, Ministry of Human 

Resources and Social Security of China, 2017,    

 The Most Outstanding Women Entrepreneur in China, All-China 

Women’s Federation, 2017.  

 

Ken HUANG (President, Identity Verification & Blockchain, effective 

from 21st Dec 2017) 

 Chief Blockchain Expert and Chief Identity Management System 

Architect in a well-known ICT company.  

 ISC registered information system security expert. 

 Ken worked for CGI Federal office in USA for 18 years and served 

as its Director of Cyber Security, Director of Cloud Security and he 

has established CGI Federal Identity Management Practice, and 

Cyber Security Competence Center.  While working for CGI as 

Executive Consultant, he has consulted the United States federal 

Government, financial institutions, and utility companies and 

provided expertise in finance, blockchain and cyber security. 

 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 31／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

 

Guochun XU (CTO)  B. Sc. (Computer Science) 

17 years of working experience in the field of computer software and 

more than 8 years’ experience in technical management. 10 years in 

China Unicom's information department as technician. Guochun 

specializes in data processing, natural language processing and other 

technologies. Expertise on blockchain and big data application. B.Sc. 

majored in computer science and technology at Heilongjiang Institute of 

Technology 

Guochun is responsible for product planning, development and 

evaluation. His major achievements are summarized as follows:  

 Team leader; successfully completed the design, development, 

maintenance and management of DMI technology.  

 Team leader; successfully completed the deployment in 66 cities.  

 In possession of 8 copyrights and Certification of ISO27001 and 

CMMIII, and applied for 7 patents (incl. blockchain).  

 Passed ISO27001 and CMMI III. 

 

Dasheng Zhou (Chief Blockchain Officer) B. Sc. (Computer Science) 

13-year working experience and achievements in the fields of big data, 

blockchain, and artificial intelligence, served as the product director 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 32／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

Kangjian Shixun Technology, Good Will, etc. Work experience of banking 

finance, energy transportation, e-government, education and medical 

with solutions and services based on the blockchain technology. And he 

successfully led the team to make the achievement of the concept 

verification of personal privacy protection through blockchain. 

Dasheng is responsible for blockchain technology development and 

application. His major achievements are summarized as follows: 

 Team leader, responsible for the prototype framework design of 

Dynamic Multi-Dimension Identification (“DMI”) products, and 

the modeling of multi domains identity verification scene of KYC.  

 Team leader, designed the blockchain products meeting the needs 

of large scale users, which can tolerate the high concurrent 

transactions while protecting user privacy and data security. 

 Team leader, accomplished the product design of drug traceability 

system and the application of medial health records; fulfilled the 

task of the preparatory work of blockchain laboratory. 

 

Yuli HUANG(Chief Data Officer) B.Sc, M. Sc 

Work experience in leading medical and informatics companies such as 

Good Doctor, CNKI, etc. Yuli possesses expertise in the field of data entity 

& relation identification, terminology standardization, structuralization 

of electronic medical record (EMR) and intelligent auxiliary diagnosis, etc. 

M.Sc. at Xiangya School of Medicine, Central South University 

Yuli is responsible for data cleaning & processing, knowledge base, data 

modeling and analysis. Her major achievements are summarized as 

follows:   



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 33／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

 In possession of 15 copyrights and applied for 8 patents;  

 Team Leader, completed the data modeling of world's first DMI 

project. 

 

Kun CHEN (CMO)  B. Sc., M. Sc. Ph. D.  

Marketing of medical data, service and software working experiences in 

Chinese Pharmaceutical Association, Searainbow, Business Engine, etc.) 

Rich experience in commercialization of raw data, market positioning 

and business development. Ph.D. at Institute of Marine Drugs and Foods, 

Ocean University of China 

Dr. Chen is responsible for government and industry related affairs. His 

major achievements are summarized as follows:  

 Team leader; signed data acquisition contracts with relevant 

government authorities, financial institutions and utility 

companies in 66 cities.  

 Team leader; signed 20 plus world leading commercial firms for 

IDV services. 

 

Lin ZUO (COO) B.Sc, M.Sc (Software Engineering and Management) 

As an architecture design expert in the field of vertical search technology, 

Lin has extensive experience in the operation and management of 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 34／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

large-scale project of information systems integration. Experience in 

operation and promotion of national-level AI laboratory multi-mode 

search engine of Tsinghua University. In charge of the core technology 

system construction of Anbang Insurance's IT Department, and served as 

the project director in Unis Soft. M.Sc. majored in software engineering 

and management at Beihang University 

Lin is responsible for product planning, development and evaluation. His 

major achievements are summarized as follows:  

 Team leader; took charge of the nation-wide promotion of world's 

first IDV service.  

 Team leader; took charge of the commercial negotiation and 

contract implementation of the IDV;  

 Team leader; acquired 2.3 million personal users through the 

application of IDV.  

In addition to the above, the team consists of another 28 members. 

Advisors and Consultants 

 

Roger Lim (Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Investor) 

Roger is a notable Blockchain investor having participated in many 

projects in this space. Roger will share his experience and advise THEKEY  

in various aspects of the TGE. 

 Co-founder and CEO of Webvisions, one of the largest managed 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 35／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

hosting services provider in Asia;  

 Partner of Innosight Ventures, a Venture Capital firm based in 

Singapore.   

 

Qingyue CHEN 

Founder of Zhen IP, CFA, Venture investor, experts in blockchain financing 

system designer 

 

Investors and strategic partners 

 

Changlong HE 

CEO of Qiwo Capital 

 

 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 36／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

 

 

 

Partners 

With the commercialization of DMI, more and more world leading 

companies have already established partnership relations with us, some 

of which are shown here.  

 

Administration Committee 

THEKEY is organizing Administration Committee (hereafter referred to as 

“Administration Committee”) which is a decentralized organization 



 

 

COPYRIGHT © 2017 THEKEY BDMI INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 37／37 

THEKEY WHITE PAPER 

specializing in the standardization and popularization of the 

identification system. It will manage the use of resources for this project 

for the best benefit of all participants and stakeholders, including 

operation management, market promotion, underlying technology and 

construction of service system, as well as planning and technology 

development. Administration Committee will decide how to use the 

incubation fund to assist and support the potential project teams and 

make the ecological business environment in THEKEY Ecosystem 

healthier and fruitful. 

Administration Committee consists of investor representatives, founders 

and partner representatives, which are responsible for the 

decision-making, supervision etc. The constitution could be changed by 

voting for best of the project development and operation.  

CONCLUSION 

The THEKEY project has been prospected since 2015, aiming to provide a 

state-of-the-art and admirable user experience for IDV solution. The 

great success of our first-generation IDV solution based on DMI 

technology has proven the strong ability and commitment of THEKEY 

Project Team to deliver the second-generation IDV solution, as well as 

the massive commercial value in such a promising and expandable 

market. Currently, THEKEY Project team envisions that a new 

decentralized ecosystem for everyone’s daily life will be generated by 

utilizing the combination of the existing developed technology and 

Blockchain technology. 

Moreover, the shared IDV solution provided by THEKEY project is not 

merely the underlying basis for the prospective artificial intelligence (AI), 

but the essential element for all network legal relations (including 

copyright and data exchange) and crucial support for the popularization 

and development of Blockchain technology.  


