






















 



 
A Decentralized Video Delivery and Streaming Network 

Powered by a New Blockchain and Token 
 

Last Updated: May 1, 2018 
Version 1.7 

 

Abstract 
 

This whitepaper introduces the Theta Network, a new blockchain and token as the incentive                           
mechanism for a decentralized video streaming and delivery network.  
 
The Theta Network and protocol solves various challenges the video streaming industry faces                         
today. First, Theta Tokens are used as an incentive to encourage individual users to share their                               
redundant computing and bandwidth resources as caching nodes for video streams. This                       
improves the quality of stream delivery and solves the “last-mile” delivery problem, the main                           
bottleneck for traditional stream delivery pipelines, especially for high resolution high bitrate                       
4k, 8k and next generation streams. Second, with sufficient amount of caching nodes, the                           
majority of viewers will pull streams from peering caching nodes. This significantly reduces                         
content delivery network (CDN) bandwidth costs, which is a major concern for video streaming                           
sites. Lastly, the Theta Network greatly improves the streaming market efficiency by                       
streamlining the video delivery process. For example, advertisers can target end viewers at a                           
lower cost and reward influencers more transparently. 
 
 
The Theta blockchain introduces novel concepts: 
 

● Resource Oriented Micropayment Pool: ​We have designed and implemented an                   
off-chain “Resource Oriented Micropayment Pool” that is purpose-built for video                   
streaming. It allows a user to create an off-chain micropayment pool that any other                           
user can withdraw from using off-chain transactions, and is double-spend resistant. It                       
is much more flexible compared to off-chain payment channels. 

 
● Proof-of-Engagement: The micropayment records can be used as               

“Proof-of-Engagement (PoE)”. Each payment for the video segment is associated with                     
the ID of the video (i.e. the resource ID) and can be used to track delivery of video                                   
segments to end viewers. With PoE, viewers can earn tokens as rewards from                         
advertisers in exchange for their attention to video streams and by providing PoE. PoE                           
is used to prove that viewers legitimately consume the video streams, providing better                         
transparency and a basis for viewers to earn Theta Tokens for engaging with content. 

 
 
This white paper will describe these concepts and the Theta blockchain in detail. The Theta                             
Network launched with ERC20-compliant tokens and were integrated into the SLIVER.tv                     
platform in December 2017. A new blockchain and native Theta Tokens is planned to launch in                               
Q4 2018, at which time each ERC20 Theta Token can be 1:1 exchanged for a native Theta                                 
Token. 
 
 

2 



 
T A B L E   O F   C O N T E N T S 

 
Vision 4 

Introduction 4 
Video streaming market 4 
Video streaming challenges 5 

Background 6 
Traffic Overview 8 
Opportunity 8 

Theta Decentralized Streaming Network 10 
Overview 10 
Bootstrapping The Network 12 

The Theta Blockchain 13 

Overview 13 

Resource Oriented Micropayment Pool 13 

Double Spending Detection and Penalty Analysis 16 

Applications of Micropayment Pool Beyond Video Streaming 18 

Smart Streaming Contracts 19 
Incentive Contract 19 

Future Work 20 

Founding & Advisory Team 22 

Project Roadmap 24 

List of Figures 26 

   

3 



Vision 

Introduction 

Video streaming market 
 
Live video streaming accounts for over two-thirds of all internet traffic today, and it is expected                               
to jump to 82% by 2020, according to Cisco’s June 2016 Visual Networking Index report. In the                                 1

US, millennials between the ages of 18 and 34 are driving the growth of video streaming, and                                 
are heavy users of services like Instagram, Spotify and Snapchat. Streaming video among this                           
group has jumped 256% from an average of 1.6 hours per week to 5.7 hours per week                                 
according to a SSRS Media and Technology survey, and mobile devices are leading the charge in                               
video consumption growing 44% in 2015 and 35% in 2016. The top five video streaming                             2

players in the US are Facebook, Google/Youtube, Twitter and related properties, Live.ly and                         
Twitch. 
 

 
Figure 1. Global IP video traffic growth 

 
 
 
More importantly, global virtual reality (VR) traffic including 360° video streaming content is                         
estimated to grow 61-fold by 2020, at a staggering 127% CAGR according to the same Cisco                               
report. 

1 https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/global/ko_kr/assets/pdf/2016-VNI-Complete-Forecast-PT.pdf 
2 http://www.zenithmedia.com/mobile-drive-19-8-increase-online-video-consumption-2016/ 

4 



 
 

Figure 2. Global virtual reality traffic growth  3

 

Video streaming challenges 
 
Content Delivery Network (CDN) plays an important role in the video streaming ecosystem. It                           
provides the backbone infrastructure to deliver the video streams to the end viewers. One                           
major limitation of today’s CDN networks is the so-called ​“last-mile” delivery problem​.                       
Typically, the CDN providers build data centers called Point-of-Presences (POPs) ​in many                       
locations around the world, with the hope that these POPs are geographically close to the                             
viewers. However, the number of POPs are limited, hence cannot be close enough to many                             
viewers, especially in less developed regions. This “last-mile” link is usually the bottleneck of                           
the streaming delivery pipeline and often leads to less optimal user experience including                         
choppy streams and frequent rebuffering. 
 
To streaming sites and platforms, another major concern is the CDN bandwidth cost. For                           
popular sites, the CDN bandwidth cost can easily reach tens of millions of dollars per year. Even                                 
if platforms own proprietary CDNs, maintenance costs are often high. 
 
These issues are becoming even more prominent with the coming era of 4K, 8k, 360° VR                               
streaming, and upcoming technologies such as light field streaming. Table 1 compares the                         
bandwidth requirement of today’s mainstream 720p/HD stream with 4K, 360° VR and future                         
lightfield streams.  Bandwidth requirement jumps quickly by orders of magnitude. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 ​https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/global/ko_kr/assets/pdf/2016-VNI-Complete-Forecast-PT.pdf 
5 



 Standard   Resolution   ​Bandwidth ​ / Mbps  Magnitude 

720p HD  1080x720  5 to 7.5  1x 

1080p HD  1920x1080  8 to 12  1.6x 

4K UHD  3920x2160  32 to 48  6.4x 

8K 360° VR  7840x4320  128 to 192  25x 

16K 360° VR  15680x8640  512 to 768  100x 

Lightfield  ---  5000+  1000x 

 
Table 1. Bandwidth comparison: today’s 720p/1080p video vs 4K and ​360° ​VR streaming, 

vs future volumetric/lightfield streaming 
 

 
To solve the VR and light field video delivery problem, the industry has started to explore                               
“​foveated streaming​” technology. Instead of streaming the entire video in full resolution, this                         
technology reduces the image quality in the peripheral vision (outside of the zone gazed by the                               
fovea) in order to reduce bandwidth requirement. As the viewer turns his or her head to look at                                   
a different direction, the system adapts the spatial video resolution accordingly by fetching the                           
high resolution video packets for the viewing direction from the server. For the foveated                           
streaming technology to work well in practice, the round-trip time between the server and the                             
viewer has to be small enough. For the viewers that are geographically far away for the CDN                                 
POPs, their VR stream viewing experience will be compromised even with foveated streaming                         
technology. 

 

Background 
 
SLIVER.tv (the “company”) has been at the forefront of developing next-generation video                       
streaming technologies for VR and spherical 360° video streams since 2015, and has been                           
integral in the founding of the Theta Network. SLIVER.tv has raised over $17 Million in venture                               
financing from notable Silicon Valley VCs including Danhua Capital, DCM, Sierra ventures,                       
leading Hollywood media investors including Creative Artists Agency, BDMI, Advancit Capital,                     
Greycroft Gaming Track Fund, and marquee corporate investors including GREE, Colopl,                     
Samsung Next and Sony Innovation funds. Additionally, the company has strong Chinese                       
investors and partners including Heuristic Capital Partners, ZP Capital, Green Pine Capital                       
Partners, and Sparkland. 
 
In a technology derived from “foveated streaming” SLIVER.tv’s most recent technology ​patent                       
pending #62/522,505​, “METHODS AND SYSTEMS FOR NON-CONCENTRIC SPHERICAL               
PROJECTION FOR MULTI-RESOLUTION VIEW”, ​specifically addresses the problem of generating                   
highly efficient spherical videos for virtual reality (VR) streaming, highlight, and replay. The technology                           
performs non-concentric spherical projection to derive high resolution displays of selected important                       
game actions concurrently with lower resolution displays of static game environments, thus                       
optimizing tradeoff between visual fidelity and data transfer load. 
 
SLIVER.tv today is the leading next-generation live esports streaming platform with over five                         
million unique visits in March 2018, with a vision to transform the esports engagement                           

6 



experience. As video games have grown in popularity to become a $40+ billion market, bigger                             
than Hollywood and Bollywood combined, the rise of multiplayer competitive video gaming as                         
a spectator sport has become a major new industry, dubbed ​esports​. Esports is a global                             
phenomenon with major tournaments and major pockets of fans and competitive teams in                         
Europe, Asia and North America. The online gaming and esports ecosystems have exploded                         
over the past five years.  
 
A recent 2017 SuperData research put the combined audience for gaming video content on                           4

YouTube and Twitch at 665 million, more than twice the US population. This surpasses the                             
viewership of 227 million for HBO and Netflix combined. Today, esports and gaming video                           
content account for a significant portion of all video content streamed over the Internet.  
 
SLIVER.tv additional core patents and technology focus on various applications of cutting edge                         
live streaming to esports content. The company’s US Patent ​#9,573,062 “​METHODS AND                       
SYSTEMS FOR VIRTUAL REALITY STREAMING AND REPLAY OF COMPUTER VIDEO GAMES​” and                       5

#9,473,758 “​METHODS AND SYSTEMS FOR GAME VIDEO RECORDING AND VIRTUAL REALITY                     
REPLAY​” , pioneer the capture and live rendering of the most popular PC esports games                           6

including League of Legends, Dota2 and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive in a fully immersive                         
360° VR spherical video stream, effectively placing the viewer and audience inside the 3D                           
game through a live video stream. 
 
Since launching last year, SLIVER.tv has broadcast numerous global esports tournaments in                       
360º VR in partnership with premier brands including ESL One, DreamHack and Intel Extreme                           
Masters . At key events in the US and Europe, SLIVER.tv has live streamed top esports games                               7

to millions of fans of ​Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) and League of Legends (LoL)​. 
 
SLIVER.tv launched its Watch & Win esports platform in July 2017 and the first virtual token                               
designed around esports content streaming and fan engagement. Since launch, the company                       
has attracted millions of esports fans circulating over 1 Billion virtual tokens by actively                           
participating and engaging with live esports matches. These users viewed over 50 million                         
minutes of live esports streaming, nearly 100 years worth of content in the first few weeks of                                 
launch. This positions the company as one of the largest esports streaming sites built around a                               
virtual community today.  8

 
SLIVER.tv platform is continuing to expand quickly driven by word-of-mouth, referral and social                         
channels. 
 
   

4 https://www.superdataresearch.com/market-data/gaming-video-content/ 
5 https://www.google.com/patents/US9573062 
6 https://www.google.com/patents/US9473758 
7 https://www.sliver.tv/events 
8 https://www.sliver.tv/press 

7 



 

Traffic Overview 
Total visits on desktop and mobile web, in the last 6 months 

 
 
 

 
 

 

Opportunity 
 
The company’s mission is to leverage the blockchain technology to create the first                         
Decentralized Video Streaming and Delivery Network whereby video viewers are incentivized                     
to share redundant computing and bandwidth resources to address today’s video streaming                       
challenges. Using the Ethereum EVM “World Computer” metaphor, the Theta Network can be                         
viewed as the ​“​World Cache​” ​formed by the memory and bandwidth resources contributed by                           
viewers. 
 
Specifically, viewers around the globe can contribute their devices as ​“​caching nodes​” whereby                         
they form a video delivery mesh network that is responsible for delivering any given video                             
stream to viewers anywhere around the world. The Theta Network can effectively address the                           
technical challenges discussed in the previous section. First, viewers’ devices are geographically                       
much closer to each other than to the CDN POPs. This reduces packet round-trip time and                               
improves the stream delivery quality, and thus addresses the “last-mile” delivery issue. Second,                         
with sufficient amount of caching nodes, most viewers will receive the stream from caching                           
nodes, this will help streaming sites reduce their CDN bandwidth cost. Third, caching nodes                           
also reduce round-trip time making foveated and next generation streaming technology                     
practical. 
 
To encourage viewers to contribute their computing and bandwidth resources, we introduce                       
the Theta protocol as an incentive mechanism. The caching nodes can earn tokens as they                             
relay video streams to other viewers. Not only do Theta Tokens motivate viewers to join the                               
network as caching nodes, it also greatly ​improves the streaming market efficiency by streamlining                           

8 



the video delivery process​. We will discuss more details later in the paper, but within the Theta                                 
Network, advertisers can directly target viewers at a lower cost, viewers earn Theta Tokens for                             
their attention and engagement with their favorite content, and influencers earn Theta Token                         
as gifts directly from viewers. Streaming platforms reduce CDN costs and open up new                           
revenue opportunities with Theta Tokens. 
 
The full launch of the Theta protocol introduces a ​new blockchain and a ​native token structure                               
where: 
 

● Advertisers fund ad campaigns with tokens to support influencers, streaming sites                     
and viewers 

● Caching nodes earn tokens for caching and relaying video streams to other viewers 
● Viewers potentially earn tokens from advertisers as engagement rewards, and can in                       

turn gift to favorite influencers and content creators 
● Streaming sites and platforms can offload up to 80% of CDN costs and drive new                             

revenues through Theta powered premium goods and services. 
 
The Theta protocol builds upon the following novel concepts: 
 

● Resource Oriented Micropayment Pool: ​We have designed and implemented an                   
off-chain “Resource Oriented Micropayment Pool” that is purpose-built for video                   
streaming. It allows a user to create an off-chain micropayment pool that any other                           
user can withdraw from using off-chain transactions, and is double-spend resistant. It                       
is much more flexible compared to off-chain payment channels. In particular, for the                         
video streaming use case, it allows a viewer to pay for video content pulled from                             
multiple caching nodes without on-chain transactions. By replacing on-chain                 
transactions with off-chain payments, the built-in “Resource Oriented Micropayment                 
Pool” significantly improves the scalability of the blockchain. 

 
● Proof-of-Engagement: The Resource Oriented Micropayment Pool can be leveraged                 

to track the delivery of the video segments to the end viewers, ​since each payment                             
for the video segment is associated with the ID of the video (i.e. the resource ID)​.                               
This indicates that the micropayments recorded in the blockchain denote video                     
segments delivered to end viewers. Thus the micropayment records can be used as                         
the “Proof-of-Engagement (PoE)”. With PoE, viewers can earn tokens as rewards                     
from advertisers in exchange for their attention to video streams and by providing                         
PoE. PoE not only brings benefits to viewers, but also to advertisers as it provides                             
them with a reliable and verifiable engagement measurement of the delivered video                       
streams. PoE can also be used as a basis to reward the content creators, which could                               
be done automatically by the validators of the Theta blockchain since PoE can be                           
inferred from the transaction records. 

   

9 



Theta Decentralized Streaming Network 

Overview 
 
Leveraging our experience and expertise in high resolution high bitrate video streaming, we are                           
proposing a decentralized video stream delivery technology for both video on demand and live                           
streaming. Figure 3 depicts the high level architecture. 
 
 

   

Live-Streaming    Video-on-demand 
Figure 3. ​Left​ - Theta Network architecture diagram for live streaming  

Right​ - Theta Network architecture diagram for video on demand 
 
Figure 3 Left shows the Theta Network architecture for ​live streaming​. The ​influencers (aka                           
streamers) publish their video streams to the ​ingest nodes​. ​Ingest nodes run on computers                           
contributed by the user community. The ingest nodes are responsible for transcoding the video                           
stream to different bitrates and resolutions. Then, the ​caching nodes pull the video streams                           
and relay to end viewers. Any user can contribute his or her computer as a caching node by                                   
running a special video caching software client we are developing. The video caching software                           
is responsible for choosing the upstream node, and relaying the video stream to the                           
downstream nodes. This is similar to traditional P2P file sharing systems like BitTorrent, but                           
with an important extra constraint on latency due to the real-time nature of live streaming.                             
Rather than sending chunks of a file out-of-order as in P2P file sharing systems, more urgent                               
high-priority packets will be sent first. Furthermore, to minimize re-buffering, each caching                       
node may cache the entire video file instead of storing only a portion of a file as P2P file sharing                                       
systems do. 
 
For ease of explanation, the viewer nodes and the caching nodes are drawn as separated                             
nodes in Figure 3. However, it is worth pointing out that in practice, a user can run both the                                     
caching software and viewer software on the same computer. 
 
Figure 3 Right shows the Theta Network architecture for ​video on demand​. Compared to live                             
streaming, the only difference is that the ​influencers ​(aka ​content creators​) upload the source                           

10 



video file to a ​storage system ​for later retrieval, rather than publishing the stream to the ingest                                 
nodes. The storage system can be a decentralized file system such as IPFS or SWARM , or                               9 10

cloud-based storage like AWS S3. The rest of the network is essentially the same as in the live                                   
streaming scenario. 
 
For any viewer and caching node to receive a stream with high quality and low latency, its                                 
physical proximity to their peer caching nodes is essential. Thus, when a new node joins the                               
Theta Network network, it goes through a bootstrapping process to discover the caching                         
nodes that are physically nearby. P2P file sharing systems typically employ Distributed Hash                         
Table (DHT) such as Kademlia to find peer nodes. In Kademlia, each node is assigned a random                                 
GUID, and the distance between the two nodes is calculated as the XOR of their GUIDs. While                                 
this distance measure is sufficient for non-realtime applications such as file sharing, in the                           
context of video streaming, it is important for the nodes to identify peering nodes that are                               
geographically close. To achieve this, we propose to encode the geographic information into                         
the GUID as shown below 
 

UID QuadtreeRegionID || RandomBitsPostf ixG =   
 

 
The GUID is the concatenation of two parts. The first part is the ​QuadtreeRegionID​, a 64 bit                                 
long string that encodes the geographical region of the caching node. The Quadtree data                           
structure is employed as the spatial index. The second part is a 32 bit random bit postfix to                                   
differentiate caching nodes in the same quadtree region. This way the XOR of two GUIDs is a                                 
rough estimation of the geographical distance between two nodes. Thus a new node can first                             
collect a list of candidate peer nodes with small GUID XOR distances. Then, it can send a ping                                   
request to the candidates to measure the actual round trip time. 

 

   

9 https://ipfs.io/ 
10 https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/Swarm---distributed-preimage-archive 

11 



Bootstrapping The Network 
 
The above discussion assumes a fully decentralized architecture where all the ingest and                         
caching nodes come from users. To realize this long term vision, we need a sufficient number                               
of users to participate, which may take some time. To ​bootstrap ​the network, we propose a                               
hybrid architecture that works with the existing CDN networks and the decentralized caching                         
nodes. 
 

 
 

Traditional CDN  Hybrid Architecture 

 
Figure 4. ​Left - Traditional CDN​, where all the viewers connect directly to the POP servers. For nodes geographically 
far away from the POP servers, the stream quality may be lower (the dashed connections). ​Right - Hybrid 
Architecture ​where viewer nodes can pull stream from caching nodes that are geographically closer than the POP 
servers, resulting in better streaming quality. 

 

 
Figure 4 illustrates the hybrid architecture and compares it with traditional CDN networks.                         
Whereas in the traditional CDN, every node pulls the stream directly from POP servers, in the                               
hybrid architecture, only a subset of nodes pull the stream from POP servers. Other nodes                             
simply pull the stream from their peer caching nodes which provide better and more effective                             
connection. The caching nodes thus augment the traditional CDN backbones with more caching                         
layers for end viewers geographically far away from the POPs. We note that this hybrid                             
architecture applies to both video on demand and live streaming scenarios since traditional                         
CDN networks work similarly. 
 
The advantage of bootstrapping with the hybrid architecture is important. ​The Theta network                         
is fully functional even with only a single caching node​. Furthermore, as will be discussed                             
later, the caching node can earn Theta Tokens while providing the caching and video relaying                             
services. ​This provides strong economic incentives for more users to join the caching                         
network over time​. As more user-contributed nodes join the Theta Network , the stream                           
delivery capability of the network improves. At the point when there are sufficient amount of                             
user contributed nodes, the network can run on its own without the traditional CDN backbone.   

12 



The Theta Blockchain 

Overview 
 
The Theta blockchain is based on a proof of stake (POS) consensus mechanism. PoS has the 
advantage of lower computation costs and higher transaction throughput. In this model, 
caching nodes and viewer clients don’t need to conduct hashing computations, which lessens 
computational resource waste. Nonetheless, this approach has an important impact on the 
Theta protocol design, especially on the bandwidth sharing reward scheme. 

 
Separation of the Validator and Cacher Role 

 
To further reduce the computational burden of the caching nodes, the role of validator and 
cacher are separated. Validators are dedicated nodes for verifying transactions and assembling 
new blocks. With such separation, caching nodes and viewers don’t need to perform extra 
computations aside from the usual video stream encoding/decoding tasks, as they would in a 
POW scenario. This enables a wide range of edge devices (e.g. personal computers, mobile 
devices, IoT devices) to operate as caching nodes and viewers. 

 
Scalability 

 
Support for high transaction throughput is a must for a video streaming focused blockchain. 
Imagine a  scenario where a live streaming event could generate numerous token transactions 
for caching node rewards in a short amount of time. Further examples include virtual gifting, 
where a shoutout from a popular streamer can lead to a surge in token donations, possibly 
thousands of transactions per second. ERC-20 implementations simply cannot support this 
level of performance — this is our view, which has also been echoed by many other projects. 
 
Fortunately, for many streaming use cases, the transactions are independent of each other. 
This unique characteristic makes techniques like sharding very appealing. Proper sharding could 
potentially execute all the independent transactions in parallel, thus greatly increasing network 
throughput. Sharding also reduces the data storage requirement for the validators since a 
validator only needs to work on one shard at a time. 
 
Further, many of the token transactions are recurring (e.g. a viewer might make many micro 
token transactions to the same upstream caching node).  
 
We developed a novel way to support high volumes of transactions  through a Resource 
Oriented Micropayment Pool. 

Resource Oriented Micropayment Pool 
 
One of the biggest challenges we identified when designing the Theta protocol is how to scale 
our native chain for ultra high transaction throughput. Although many blockchain projects are 
facing scaling problems, scaling for live video streaming is different and possibly even more 

13 



complex. Existing level two scaling solutions like payment channels have various disadvantages 
when applied to the video streaming. We have designed and implemented an off-chain 
“Resource Oriented Micropayment Pool”​ that is purpose-built for video streaming. It allows a 
user to create an off-chain micropayment pool that any other user can withdraw from using 
off-chain transactions, and is double-spend resistant. It is much more flexible compared to 
off-chain payment channels. In particular, for the video streaming use case, it allows a viewer 
to pay for video content pulled from multiple caching nodes without on-chain transactions. By 
replacing on-chain transactions with off-chain payments, the built-in “Resource Oriented 
Micropayment Pool” significantly improves the scalability of the blockchain. 
 
The following scenario and diagram provide a comprehensive walkthrough of how the 
Resource Oriented Micropayment Pool works in application. 
 

 
Figure 5. ​Resource Oriented ​Micropayment Pool ​shows viewer Alice making off-chain transactions to cachers Bob and Carol 
for video chunks   

14 



● Step 1. Micropayment pool creation: As the first step, Alice publishes an on-chain 
transaction to create a micropayment pool with a time-lock and a slashable collateral. 
 

CreatePool​(​resourceId​, ​deposit​, ​collateral​, ​duration​) 
 

A couple things to be noted. To create the pool, Alice needs to specify the “Resource 
ID” ​resourceId​ that uniquely represents the digital content she intends to retrieve. It 
may refer to a video file, or a live stream.  
 
The ​deposit ​amount needs to be at least the total value of the resource to be retrieved. 
For instance, if the resource is a video file which is worth 10 tokens, then the deposit 
has to be at least 10 tokens. 
 
The ​collateral ​is required to discourage Alice from double spending. If a double 
spending attempt from Alice is detected by the validators of the blockchain, the 
collateral will be slashed. Later in the blogpost we will show that if ​collateral​ > ​deposit​, 
the net return of a double spend is always negative, and hence any rational user will 
have no incentive to double spend.  
 
The duration is a time-lock similar to that of a standard payment channel. Any 
withdrawal from the payment pool has to be before the time-lock expires. 
 
The blockchain returns Alice the Merkle proof of the ​CreatePool​() transaction after it 
has been committed to the blockchain, as well as ​createPoolTxHash​, the transaction 
hash of the CreatePool() transaction. 

 
● Step 2. Initial handshake between peers: Whenever Alice wants to retrieve the 

specified resource from a peer (Bob, Carol, or David, etc.). She sends the Merkle proof 
of the on-chain ​CreatePool​() transaction to that peer. The recipient peer verifies the 
Merkle proof to ensure that the pool has sufficient deposit and collateral for the 
requested resource, and both parties can proceed to the next steps. 

 
● Step 3. Off-chain micropayments: Alice signs ​ServicePayment​ transactions and sends 

them to the peers off-chain in exchange for parts of the specified resource (e.g. a piece 
of the video file, a live stream segment, etc.). The ​ServicePayment​ transaction contains 
the following data: 
 

targetAddress, transferAmount​, ​createPoolTxHash​,​ targetSettlementSequence,  
Sign(​SK​A​, ​targetAddress ​|| ​transferAmount ​|| ​createPoolTxHash​ || ​targetSettlementSequence​) 

 
The ​targetAddress​ is the address of the peer that Alice retrieves the resource from, and 
the ​transferAmount​ is the amount of token payment Alice intends to send. The 
targetSettlementSequence​ is to prevent a replay attack. It is similar to the “nonce” 
parameter in an Ethereum transaction. If a target publishes a ​ServicePayment 
transaction to the blockchain (see the next step), its ​targetSettlementSequence​ needs to 
increment by one. 
 
The recipient peer needs to verify the off-chain transactions and the signatures. Upon 
validation, the peer can send Alice the resource specified by the ​CreatePool​() 
transaction.  
 
Also, we note that the off-chain ​ServicePayment​ transactions are sent directly between 
two peers. Hence there is no scalability bottleneck for this step. 

15 



 
● Step 4. On-chain settlement:  Any peer (i.e. Bob, Carol, or David, etc) that received the 

ServicePayment​ transactions from Alice can publish the signed transactions to the 
blockchain anytime before the timelock expires to withdraw the tokens. We call the 
ServicePayment​ transactions that are published the “on-chain settlement” 
transactions. 

 
Note that the recipient peers needs to pay for the gas fee for the on-chain settlement 
transaction. To pay less transaction fees, they would have the incentive to publish 
on-chain settlements only when necessary, which is beneficial to the scalability of the 
network.  

 
We note that no on-chain transaction is needed when Alice switches from one peer to another 
to retrieve the resource. In the video streaming context, this means the viewer can switch to 
any caching node at any time without making an on-chain transaction that could potentially 
block or delay the video stream delivery.  As shown in the figure, in the event that Bob leaves, 
Alice can switch to Carol after receiving k chunks from Bob, and keep receiving video segments 
without an on-chain transaction. 
 
Moreover, the total amount of tokens needed to create the micropayment pool is (​collateral​ + 
deposit​), which can be as low as twice of the value of the requested resource, no matter how 
many peers Alice retrieves the resource from. Using computational complexity language, the 
amount of reserved token reduces from ​O​(​n​) to ​O​(1) compared to the unidirectional payment 
channel approach, where ​n​ is the number of peers Alice retrieves the resource from.  

Double Spending Detection and Penalty Analysis 
 
To prevent Alice, the creator of the micropayment pool from double spending, we need to 1) be 
able to detect double spending, and 2) ensure that the net value Alice gains from double 
spending is strictly negative. 
 
Detecting double spending is relatively straightforward. The validators of the Theta Network 
check every on-chain transaction. If a remaining deposit in the micropayment pool cannot 
cover the next consolidated payment transaction signed by both Alice and another peer, the 
validators will consider that Alice has conducted a double spend. 
 
Next, we need to make Alice worse off if she double spends. This is where the collateral comes 
in. Earlier, we mentioned that the amount of collateral tokens has to be larger than the deposit. 
And here is why. 

16 



 
Figure 6. ​Malicious Actor Detection and Penalty ​shows malicious actor Alice attempting to make a double spend and the 
resulting penalty she receives 
 

In the diagram above, Bob, Carol, and David are honest. Alice is malicious. Even worse, she 
colludes with another malicious peer Edward. Alice exchanges partially signed transactions 
with Bob, Carol, and David for the specified resource. Since Alice gains no extra value for the 
duplicated resource, the maximum value she gets from Bob, Carol, and David is at most the 
deposit ​amount. As Alice colludes with Edward, she can send Edward the full ​deposit​ amount. 
She then asks Edward to commit the settlement transaction before anyone else and return her 
the ​deposit ​later. In other words, Alice gets the resource which is worth at most the ​deposit 
amount for free, before the double spending is detected. Later when Bob, Carol, or David 

17 



commit the settlement transaction, the double spending is detected, and the full ​collateral 
amount will be slashed. Hence, the net return for Alice is 

 
net​Alice​ = deposit​ - ​collateral  

 
Therefore, we can conclude that for this scenario, as long as ​collateral ​> ​deposit​, Alice’s net 
return is negative. Hence, if Alice is rational, she would not have any incentive to double spend. 
 
We can conduct similar analysis for other cases. The details are omitted here, but it can be 
shown that in all cases Alice’s net return is always negative if she conducts a double spend. 
 
Another case is that Alice is honest, but some of her peers are malicious. After Alice sends a 
micropayment to one of those peers, it might not return Alice the resource she wants. In this 
case, Alice can turn to another peer to get the resource. Since each incremental micropayment 
can be infinitesimally small in theory, Alice’s loss can be made arbitrarily small. 

 
Proof of Engagement 

 
The “Resource Oriented Micropayment Pool” described can actually be leveraged to track the 
delivery of the video segments to the end viewers, ​since each payment for the video segment 
is associated with the ID of the video (i.e. the resource ID)​. This indicates that the 
micropayments recorded in the blockchain reflect the viewing activity of the end viewers. Thus 
the micropayment records can be used as the “Proof-of-Engagement (PoE)”.   
 
With PoE, viewers can earn tokens as rewards from advertisers in exchange for their attention 
to video streams and by providing PoE. PoE not only brings benefits to viewers, but also to 
advertisers as it provides them with a reliable and verifiable engagement measurement of the 
delivered video streams. PoE can also be used as a basis to reward the content creators, which 
could be done automatically by the validators of the Theta blockchain since PoE can be inferred 
from the transaction records. 

Applications of Micropayment Pool Beyond Video Streaming 
 
In the above discussion, we have presented the resource oriented micropayment pool concept 
in the video delivery context. It is worth pointing out that it can be used in other applications as 
well, as long as we can identify a resource where a user can gain no extra value when he 
obtains multiple copies of the resource from different peers. Here are a few examples: 
 

1) A resource can be a generic file. So the resource oriented micropayment pool can 
facilitate generic file sharing/storage. 

2) In the context of app distribution (e.g. Apple AppStore, GooglePlay), an app can be 
considered as a resource. 

3) A resource can be a certain type of service. E.g. file compression service, video 
transcoding service, solving a set of linear equations, etc. For these services, the 
requester gains no extra value by getting the same service from two vendors. 

   

18 



Smart Streaming Contracts 
 
The Theta blockchain supports a set of specialized smart contracts which are novel and can be                               
utilized to implement several scenarios which will help facilitate reward collection and                       
distribution between various players in a distributed streaming and entertainment ecosystem.  

Incentive Contract 
 
The Theta blockchain supports a specialized smart contract called ​incentive contract​. An                       
incentive contract is designed for several use cases which may involve a large number of                             
different parties. Rather than require complex application logic, this smart-contract simplifies                     
the process of collecting and distributing tokens based on certain pre-defined criteria and                         
allocations across different parties, some of whom may not be identified until later. 
 
We believe the Incentive contract is a novel concept which will have many uses, including but                               
not limited to: 
 

● Advertisers rewarding viewers and streamers​. In this case, the incentive contract                     
serves as a way to deposit tokens in a decentralized advertising network, which are                           
drawn upon by various parties as the advertisements are shown and watched. The                         
tokens get spread across multiple parties, including one or more streamers, and any                         
number of viewers (ranging from a few thousand to as high as a few million), based                               
upon proof of engagement. The streamers may be identified at the start, or they may                             
be added later. The allocation may be specified based on percentages (for example,                         
50% to streamers and 50% to viewers) or other ways, and the contract is depleted over                               
time based on viewership, etc.  

 
● Viewers can gift rewards to multiple parts of the streaming chain​. An incentive                         

contract filled by a viewer for a specific streamer can also benefit the ingest nodes and                               
caching nodes that brought the stream to a specific viewer. 

 
● Gift contract for multiple streamers​. A viewer may want to gift tokens as they are                             

earned to multiple streamers. An incentive contract can be used to set up these gifts,                             
which can be allocated across multiple parties.  

 
● Paid/Premium video content​. The concept of an incentive contract can be used to                         

support paid/premium content in the network in the future. See “Future Work” section.                         
To watch paid content, a viewer must put tokens into an incentive contract, which gets                             
split based upon pre-defined allocations with the content owner (who may or may not                           
be streaming it). 

 
● Subscriptions and Decentralized Entertainment Networks​. Incentive contracts can               

enabled premium services like a Netflix, Amazon Prime or Hulu to be built on top of our                                 
decentralized video streaming network. Viewers can subscribe by allocating tokens                   
into incentive contracts which get parsed out between the many content owners in                         
the network and the streaming/bandwidth providers who enable the network. 

  
● A cacher can share caching rewards with viewers and with content streamers​. A                         

caching node can put a percentage of their rewards, their earned tokens, into an                           

19 



incentive contract and these can be distributed to the streamers who own the content                           
they are streaming or share caching rewards with viewers.  

 
These smart contracts are executed by the validators. Typically, in order for a recipient to                             
receive the payment, it needs to send a certain proof to the smart contract. Upon proof                               
validation, the smart contract initiates the token reward, and the original funders of the                           
incentive contract do not need to be involved. 
 

           

Incentive Contract Example 1: 
Single Funder, multiple recipients 

Incentive Contract Example 2: 
Multiple funders, multiple recipients 

 
 

Figure 7. Incentive contract examples 

  
 
One of these smart-contracts, the ​live stream watching reward​, which allows the advertisers                         
to reach the end viewers directly, is expanded below. To claim live stream watching reward, an                               
end viewer needs to supply the smart contract with the ​Proof-of-Engagement which will be                           
discussed below in detail. 

Future Work 
 
In this whitepaper, we introduced the Theta protocol, a new blockchain and token as the                             
incentive mechanism for a decentralized video streaming network. The Theta Network                     
encourages viewers to share their computing and bandwidth resources and solves a number of                           
technical and business challenges. The launch of the native Theta Network is planned for late                             
2018. 
 
In the initial phase, we have assumed the video and livestream to be ad-supported free                             
content. The next phase of our research will provide support for premium paid content, piracy                             
issues and anti-piracy mechanisms in a trustless environment.  
 
 

20 



There are many other technical aspects of the protocol and network which we classify as                             
future work, beyond the initial launch of the native Theta Network: 
 

● Shared Caching Rewards​. Smart Contracts in the form of incentive contracts can be                         
used to distribute caching rewards between different parties. This would allow certain                       
servers to incentivize end viewers to watch their stream, separate from advertiser’s                       
rewards for viewers, and to reward streamers for providing their content to the                         
cacher.  

 
● Anti-Piracy​. ​The network can be expanded to include anti-piracy - since tokens may                         

be used to stream and cache certain content, the tokens serve as a “dis-incentive”                           
within the network as the content can be tagged as required tokens or “premium                           
content”. 

 
● General Purpose Service Platform​. The Theta protocol is in fact independent of                       

streaming. It can be extended to handle other types of service to allow end users to                               
receive service for free. Another interesting extension is to support more general types                         
of smart contracts in addition to the smart streaming contracts. In the extreme case,                           
the smart contracts supported could be Turing complete similar to the Ethereum                       
Smart Contract . This could enable DApps built on top the Theta blockchain to issue                           11

their own tokens. 

   

11 https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper 

21 



Founding & Advisory Team 
 

The founding members of the Theta Network include: 
 

 
Mitch Liu - Mr. Liu is the co-founder and CEO of SLIVER.tv, ​the leading esports entertainment                               
platform with patented technology to live stream top esports events in fully immersive 360° VR                             
in partnership with Intel Extreme Masters, Turner ELEAGUE, ESL One and Dreamhack among                         
other global tournament operators. Along with his co-founder Mr. Long, they currently hold two                           
patents and two additional pending patents for virtual reality 360° video streaming, and new                           
algorithms for generating highly efficient live spherical video streams. 
 
In 2010, Mr. Liu co-founded Gameview Studios best known for its Tap Fish mobile game                             
franchise with nearly 100 Million downloads. The company was acquired by DeNA, a leading                           
Japanese mobile gaming company within 6 months of launch. Prior to that, he co-founded                           
Tapjoy in 2007, a pioneer of rewarded social and mobile video advertising, and grew that                             
company to $100MM in revenues. He received a BS in Computer Science & Engineering from                             
MIT, completed his thesis research at MIT Media Lab “Interactive Cinema” video group and                           
received a MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
 
 
Jieyi Long - ​Mr. Long is the co-founder and Chief Technology Officer of SLIVER.tv ​. He leads the                                 
technical team and developed multiple patented technologies including VR live streaming and                       
instant replay for video games. He received a B.S. degree in Microelectronics from Peking                           
University in Beijing, China. He also received a Ph.D. degree in Computer Engineering from                           
Northwestern University in Evanston, IL where he conducted research in mathematical                     
modeling and algorithms to optimize large scale electronics systems, and a cryptography                       
enthusiast. 
 
 
Ryan Nichols - Mr. Nichols is the Head of Product and Platform for SLIVER.tv. He leads the                                 
company’s eSports entertainment platform built around one of the largest esports virtual                       
economies with 1B+ virtual tokens circulated within two months of launch. Leading previous                         
startups, he’s designed and launched virtual currency systems for a variety of multiplayer                         
games, including a cross-game virtual currency API used by hundreds of third-party game                         
developers and tens of millions of players worldwide. Mr. Nichols was a director for Tencent on                               
the globally popular WeChat app, and a co-founder of a live video streaming app for foodies. 
 

 
Rizwan Virk - Mr. Virk is an advisor, investor and the interim Head of Corporate Development at                                 
SLIVER.tv. Mr. Virk also serves as the current director of Play Labs @ MIT, and did his research                                   
at the MIT Media Lab. Mr. Virk is an early investor in cryptocurrency and blockchain companies,                               
including ​Ripio/BitPagos ​, ​CoinMkt​, ​Bex.io​, and has been active with ​BitAngels ​since 2013. Mr. Virk                           
is the co-author of several cryptocurrency related papers including ​Online Automatic Auctions for                         
Bitcoin Over-The-Counter Trading (2015) and ​Creating a Peer to Peer System for Buying and Selling                             
Bitcoin Online (2013) ​and was the designer of ​Bitcoin Bazaar​, one of the first peer-to-peer mobile                               
applications for in-person trading of bitcoin. Mr. Virk received his BS in Computer Science &                             
Engineering from MIT and his Master’s in Management from Stanford Graduate School of                         
Business. 
 

 
 
   

22 



 
The advisory team to Theta includes: 
 
 

- ​Justin Kan, ​ Co-founder of Twitch 

- ​Steve Chen, ​ Co-founder of YouTube 

- ​Fan Zhang, ​ Founding member, Sequoia Capital China 

- ​Steve Dakh,​ CTO of SmartWallet and a founding member of the Ethereum project 

- ​Ma Haobo, ​ CEO of aelf 

- ​Travis Skweres,​ Founder CoinMkt, one of the first US bitcoin exchanges 

- ​Rajeev Surati, ​MIT PhD, video compression and streaming expert 

- ​Prof Shoucheng Zhang,​ Founder Danhua Capital 

- ​Sebastian Serrano,​ Founder Ripio, first global lending network on blockchain 

- ​Cliff Morgan,​ CEO, GFUEL energy drink 

- ​Sam Wick,​ Head of UTA Ventures, United Talent Agency Hollywood 

- ​Dennis Fong, ​CEO, Plays.tv aka “Thresh” the world champion of Quake/Doom 

 

 

   

23 



Project Roadmap 
 

Q4 2015​ - SLIVER.tv founded 

Q2 2016​ - $7.2MM Seed financing  

Q3 2016​ - esports video streaming platform launched, first patent granted 

Q2 2017​ - $9.8MM Series A financing, Theta project launched 

Q3 2017​ - Theta Token private sale begins 

Q4 2017​ - Theta ERC20 Tokens integrated on SLIVER.tv platform 

Q1 2018​ - Theta private sale completed, tokens issued, full integration on SLIVER.tv 

Q4 2018​ - Planned launch of native blockchain and protocol tokens   

24 



 
 

25 



List of Figures 
 
Figure 1. Global IP video traffic growth 
 
Figure 2. Global virtual reality traffic growth 
 
Figure 3. 
Left ​ - Theta Network  architecture diagram for live streaming 
Right ​ - Theta Network  architecture diagram for video on demand 
 
Figure 4. 
Left - ​Traditional CDN ​, where all the viewers connect directly to the POP servers. For nodes                               
geographically far away from the POP servers, the stream quality may be lower (the dashed connections). 
Right - ​The Hybrid Architecture where viewer nodes can pull stream from caching nodes that are                               
geographically closer than the POP servers, resulting in better streaming quality. 
 
Figure 5. Resource Oriented Micropayment Pool shows viewer Alice making off-chain transactions to                         
cachers Bob and Carol for video chunks 
 
Figure 6. Malicious Actor Detection and Penalty shows malicious actor Alice attempting to make a double 
spend and the resulting penalty she receives 
 
Figure 7. Incentive contract examples  
 
 

26 


