












































吀䠀刀䤀嘀䔀

吀䠀䔀 倀刀䔀䴀䤀唀䴀
䐀䔀䌀䔀一吀刀䄀䰀䤀娀䔀䐀
䄀䐀 䴀䄀刀䬀䔀吀倀䰀䄀䌀䔀

伀渀氀礀 琀栀攀 圀栀椀琀攀倀愀瀀攀爀 䔀渀最氀椀猀栀 嘀攀爀猀椀漀渀 猀栀愀氀氀 愀瀀瀀氀礀 愀渀搀 椀猀 氀攀最愀氀氀礀 戀椀渀搀椀渀最⸀ 
吀栀攀 漀琀栀攀爀 氀愀渀最甀愀最攀猀 猀攀爀瘀攀猀 昀漀爀 椀渀昀漀爀洀愀琀椀漀渀 瀀甀爀瀀漀猀攀猀 漀渀氀礀 猀椀渀挀攀 琀爀愀渀猀氀愀琀攀搀 
戀礀 ㌀爀搀 瀀愀爀琀椀攀猀 愀猀 瀀攀爀 漀甀爀 戀漀甀渀琀礀 琀爀愀渀猀氀愀琀椀漀渀 挀愀洀瀀愀椀最渀⸀ 吀栀爀椀瘀攀 䰀愀戀猀 椀猀 渀漀琀 
爀攀猀瀀漀渀猀椀戀氀攀 昀漀爀 愀渀礀 洀椀猀琀愀欀攀猀 椀渀 琀爀愀渀猀氀愀琀椀漀渀 漀爀 椀渀愀挀挀甀爀愀琀攀 椀渀昀漀爀洀愀琀椀漀渀

㈀　㄀㜀 䌀漀瀀礀爀椀最琀栀 ⴀ 䄀 圀䔀䈀伀伀䴀 䰀吀䐀 䌀漀洀瀀愀渀礀 

䈀唀䤀䰀䐀 䄀 䈀䔀吀吀䔀刀 䤀一吀䔀刀一䔀吀
䰀攀琀ᤠ猀 匀琀愀爀琀 吀栀椀猀 䨀漀甀爀渀攀礀⸀ 吀漀最攀琀栀攀爀

椀挀漀⸀琀栀爀椀瘀攀氀愀戀猀⸀椀漀

吀䠀刀䤀嘀䔀 圀䠀䤀吀䔀倀䄀倀䔀刀
嘀㄀㄀⸀　



 

1 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

CONTENTS 
 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY ......................................................................................................................... 2 

MARKET OPPORTUNITY & POTENTIAL GROWTH ..................................................................... 4 

VALUE PROPOSITION ............................................................................................................................ 5 

COMPETITORS & BLOCKCHAIN ADVANTAGES ......................................................................... 11 

CASE STUDY ............................................................................................................................................ 15 

COMPANY STRATEGY.......................................................................................................................... 19 

WHY PARTICIPATE IN THRIVE ....................................................................................................... 22 

THRIVE SERVICES ................................................................................................................................ 23 

THRIVE LABS BLOCKCHAIN ............................................................................................................. 27 

COMPANY DOMICILE & TAX ............................................................................................................ 30 

TOKEN GENERATION EVENT ........................................................................................................... 31 

ROADMAP ................................................................................................................................................ 36 

ORGANIZATION ..................................................................................................................................... 37 

REFERENCES & SOURCES .................................................................................................................. 40 

CONTACT US ........................................................................................................................................... 41 

TERMS & CONDITIONS ....................................................................................................................... 42 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

2 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 

In recent months, there has been growing concern among advertisers over brand 

safety and a call for transparency in terms of exactly what kind of content their ads 

will appear next to.  

This is driving a shift in thinking about digital advertising. 

“There is not one definitive way to address the issues surrounding brand safety and 

transparency” says Simon Stone, commercial director, Collective. 

Recent incidents when brands have appeared in context and next to inappropriate, 

distressing, damaging content has swung the pendulum back towards the research 

for premium placement. 

Companies do not control if their advertisement will appear in a well-known 

premium title. 

For brands that want to appear next to several premium placements in one go, there 

is not really a quick-and-easy way of doing so since today’s marketplace is not 

geared up to this way of working. 

What advertisers need is something that has been talked about quite a lot before, but 

never fully realized – A PREMIUM DECENTRALIZED AD MARKETPLACE. 

As of today, several attempts to achieve this utopian ideal have failed.  The 

establishment of clear ground rules and strict membership criteria to ensure all 

publishers pass the premium and transparency test were led by giant ad networks 

trying to push their own agenda and personal interests. 

But over the last few years, Blockchain has emerged as a potentially disruptive 

technology based on the concept of a decentralized and distributed consensus ledger. 

Thrive is strongly convinced that this new paradigm will be the enabler that defines 

the future of digital marketing. 

Thrive Labs ambition statement is to “build a better internet”, together. 

Thrive’s ultimate goal is to establish the first meritocratic & community based 

Premium Advertising Market Place, where all participants become strong 

contributors in defining clear publisher interests, commercial benefits and self-



 

3 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

reinforcing processes to make joining the group a no-brainer. 

Thrive believes the community is the backbone of its business model, therefore all 

main actors who are actively contributing to the Ad Market Place development such 

as Consumers, Reviewers, Advertisers and Publishers are eligible to improve their 

economic performance.  

This game changing concept in the digital advertising industry is strictly regulated 

by a Transparent and Meritocratic reward model ensuring the full reserve token re-

distribution upon the ramp-up phase gets accomplished. 

Thrive Labs is a Weboom LTD company, the #4 value-added services merchant in 

Italy with a vast array of experience in the digital advertising domain. 

In 2015, Weboom LTD was mentioned among the AdWords top 10 spenders in digital 

advertising making its first appearance in the digital advertising industry. 

The experience gained in running high margin, online and web-based marketing 

services across 9 international markets over the past years guarantees solid 

foundations and the right mix of business skills to make Thrive a success.  

OTHERS TAKE YOUR DATA FOR FREE. THRIVE PAYS YOU 
 

OUR PUBLISHERS RECEIVE MONEY GUARANTEED. 

FASTEST PAYMENENT IN THE INDUSTRY. 

NOBODY KNOWS HOW MUCH AD NETWORKS CHARGE YOU.  

THRIVE OFFERS LOWEST AD FEES EVER. 
 

PROTECT YOUR BRAND, INCREASE YOUR CONVERSION AND GET PREMIUM 

PLACEMENT FOR YOUR AD. 

JOIN THRIVE & EARN WHILE SURFING ON THE WEB 

BUILD A BETTER INTERNET. 

LET’S START THIS JOURNEY. TOGETHER 



 

4 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

MARKET OPPORTUNITY & POTENTIAL GROWTH 
 

Global advertising spending has been constantly increasing since 2010, and is 

forecasted to round up to nearly 228 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. Due to advances in 

technology and consumer preferences, not all mediums are as heavily invested in as 

others. 

Digital advertising spending worldwide – which includes both desktop and laptop 

computers as well as mobile devices was estimated to be 198.4 billion U.S. dollars in 

2016. This figure is forecast to constantly increase during the coming years, reaching 

a total of 310 billion U.S. dollars by 2020. 

Mobile internet advertising is a heavily invested sub-sector of the digital advertising 

industry. Mobile internet advertising spending is forecast to increase from an 

estimated 109 billion U.S. dollars in 2016 to just over 247 billion U.S. dollars in 2020. 

Following this pattern, mobile advertising spending in the U.S. is also forecast to 

double between 2015 and 2019. US data are taken as reference since indicative for the 

overall advertising industry. 

 
 

 

 

 



 

5 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

VALUE PROPOSITION  
 

Strategic Framework: 

 

 
 

On the supply side, publishers are seeking low fees and transparent ads rules.  This 

can be found in Thrive, provided that publishers ensure that their content is 

premium and clean.  

Reviewers’ community, thanks to their reports will be meritocratically rewarded, 

which will guarantee publishers are going to represents a premium placement for 

advertisers. 

On the demand side, advertisers care about brand protection and effective 

retargeting to maximize their ads conversion.  

While brand reputation will be ensured by the premium content reviewers’ process, 

predictive retargeting and high conversion will be possible thanks to Thrive Data 

Platform Management. Consumers’ behavioral anonymous data, meritocratically 

rewarded, will feed Thrive DMP with best in class information across the whole 

customer journey. 



 

6 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

Thrive’s platform, supported by Blockchain & Smart contracts is the backbone of this 

integrated ecosystem. 

 

 

Value Proposition: 

a) Built from community consensus. 

A private survey, collecting 100+ responses, has been circulated among top players in 

the advertising industry (300k average yearly views). 

The response can be summarized as follow: 

 

THRIVE SURVEY 

Number of Participants: 103 

AVG yearly views per websites 339'345 

AVG # of banners per websites 3.8 

AVG Publisher CPM (€) 3.84 

Interested in data sharing data 67% 

Interested in sharing data if rewarded 0.5 € CPM 83% 

AVG # of professional report requested yearly 3.8 

Thrive joiners with adv. fee between 3% and 7% 83% 

Thrive joiners with adv. fee between 8% and 12% 67% 

Thrive joiners accepting Crypto currency as payment method 67% 

 



 

7 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

Survey results show a wide interest and potential adoption of Thrive Market Place 

among advertisers and publishers.  

Thanks to Blockchain low transaction costs and full ledger transparency, Thrive will 

be able to lower its fees between 7% and 10%, reaching around 80% survey 

consensus. 

Looking at current fee ranges applied by other competitors (from 32% to 49%) it 

translates into a huge value creation for the industry. 

The survey also demonstrated that publishers are interested in receiving 

professional reports on how to improve and optimize their web content every 

three/four months.  

The token incentive for data sharing, highly supported by the 83% of publishers & 

consumers (Thrive Survey), is thought not only to speed up the platform ramp-

up/adoption but also to ensure reviews questionnaires get constantly improved and 

tailor-made for each specific website. 

For the first time, both Publishers and Consumers willing to voluntarily share 

anonymous data will get monetary rewards helping Thrive community to steadily 

support the market. 

Something today everyone is already doing for free, ignoring all risks related to data 

storage security. (See Case Study 3) 

 

b) Reviewer Reward.  Meritocracy as the core value for services rewarding. 

Plenty of websites promise rewards for users test or users review. Looking at the 

major ones (e.g. TryMYUI, User Testing, Analysia) the average monetary reward can 

be assessed at 8€ per test for a maximum of 3 available tests per week. A web tester 

can earn today up to 1’150 €/year. 

Thrive’s meritocratic model will assign a token equivalent prize of 10€ to each 

winning reviewer plus 5€ to be shared among the 20% top contributors. (Among 25 

concurrent reviews needed for each website) 

The meritocratic model is based on the concept that a web site report needs several 

concurrent reviews before being considered reliable. 



 

8 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

This means 25 reviews needs to be submitted before the A.I. engine can establish the 

winning one assigning: 

- 10€ tokens equivalent prize to the winning reviewer 

- 1€ tokens equivalent prize to the 5 non-winner best contributors. 

In case the equilibrium ratio is broken, the difficulty index may vary dynamically 

from 0.25 to 2 regulating the number of concurrent reviews from 6 up to 50, while 

maintaining a constant distribution of tokens among participants. 

This is translated in a potential reviewer yearly income up to 27K€ in tokens 

equivalents, increasing the value creation for reviewers by a factor 25 compared to 

existing offering. 

 

c) User Reward. The value of consumers’ data sharing. 

In the digital advertising world, once you have an idea of the customers, you should 

further drill down to explore them in more detail. 

 

What are their media consumption habits? What are their expectations and 

aspirations? What are their priorities? How much disposable income do they have? 

What are their buying habits? Are they likely to have children? How many holidays 

do they take a year? How can you help them? 

 

This information was in the past obtained in a variety of ways, from commissioning 

a specialist market research agency, to examining sales patterns or social 

interactions. 

Nowadays with the development of internet, mobile and social media platforms, 

consumers’ information is owned by very few giant companies that are fully 

benefiting from the good faith of consumers.  

Today, in fact, consumers’ addiction to popular social platforms and search engines 

is triggering an unconscious sharing of their behavioral information. In most of the 

cases without any self-awareness and without perceiving any benefit. 

Thrive is the first Adv. Marketplace platform rewarding consumers’ anonymous data 

sharing.  



 

9 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

Considering both the latest statistics on internet traffic average cost per GB (1.5 

EUR/GB) and the average monthly internet consumption traffic per user (3 GBs), see 

appendix references,  Thrive’s Blockchain is going to reward up to 3GB equivalent of 

anonymous data sharing per user/month. 

Enough to entirely pay or highly contribute to consumers’ mobile internet 

subscription. 

All data will be treated fully anonymously in respect of all GDPR 2018 laws and 

regulations. Once segmented and profiled, data will be permanently deleted. 

 

d) The Anti-patronage advertising marketplace, reputation based. 

More and more publishers are continuously investing in relevant and valuable 

content. But unfortunately, they often get cut out of major adv. platforms due to 

unclear policies regulated by a monopolistic market of few. 

This phenomenon, together with humongous advertising fees applied by major 

platforms, can be considered the main root cause failure of many newborn web 

products, despite their real value. 

Thrive is going to guarantee all publishers to: 

 Access the new marketplace with equal rights, with clear and transparent 

rules for joiners. 

 Receive up to 3 detailed reports provided by Thrive on how to improve their 

website's content and effectiveness per year. 

 Benefit from transparent and extremely low market place fee (10%). 

 Achieve up to 3% fee discount in exchange for anonymous visitor’s data. 

Within Thrive’s ecosystem, it is in publishers’ interest to provide premium content 

to remain in the ecosystem. 

A reliable, transparent and sustainable reputation management mechanism will 

minimize the risk of fraudulent behavior. 

Publisher’s reputation is being regulated by two parallel mechanisms: 

 Reviewer’s reports as described above 



 

10 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

 Anti-fraud mechanism.  

The algorithm will analyze Thrive’s Blockchain transactions parameters such 

as the volume of confirmed/paid/not verified transactions to automatically 

adjust the level of publisher credibility. 

 

e) Thrive’s activity system at a glance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

11 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

COMPETITORS & BLOCKCHAIN ADVANTAGES 
 

The digital-advertising industry is growing strongly, with revenues increasing 

sharply over recent years, leading to a consolidation of big players in the ad 

exchange market like Google DoubleClick, AppNexus, Criteo, OpenX or AOL’s 

Marketplace. 

Recently, a few ICOs have been announced on this topic such as AdEx , Ad Shares, 

Basic Attention Token, Papyrus and Bitclave. 

While the dynamism of digital advertising world would not prevent any users from 

simultaneously using several innovative new products, majority of legacy companies 

will not have enough flexibility to suddenly dump fees from one day to another 

without hugely impacting its current organizational structure. Thrive Labs is going 

to disrupt the Ad industry becoming the cheapest Premium Ad Market ever. 

Despite of none of the Blockchain products have yet reached a relevant product 

maturity, it’s already possible to analyze the competitors’ pain points both on 

technology and business model. 

-AdEx. Initially based on Ethereum blockchain, announced recently a migration to 

NEO. 

AdEx is sorting out the limited # of transactions per second handling issue but not 

the gas requirements one. In fact, continuous gas requirements may lead to Ad. price 

rising.   

NEO is a Chinese blockchain and as of today there is no assurance it will be blocked 

by the great firewall anytime.  

User’s profiling is based on forms filled up by users themselves and therefore is less 

reliable than Thrive’s profiling which is based on behavioral data tracking.  

How much of (or if) the users will get rewarded and how much Ad fees will be 

applied is not clearly declared. 

-Bitclave. It’s considered the anti-Google decentralized search engine. The project is 

very solid on data collection point of view and data transparency, but the blockchain 

usage for data storing purposes seems to have some limitations.  



 

12 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

The data storage itself may become too heavy to be handled by the blockchain.  

BASE system, Bitclave is adopting, is meant to work currently on Ethereum.  

Ethereum blockchain current # of transactions per second handling is far too low for 

the purpose. It can be considered a show stopper for the project. 

How much users will be rewarded according to the usage of personal data by the 

advertisers is not clearly stated and Ad fees are also not declared. 

-Papyrus. It’s the closest competitor in terms of positioning and leveraging of DMP 

revenue stream. However, profiling seems is less effective  than Thrive’s since data 

collection is not systematic and there is no mention to behavioral patterns analysis. 

This key point could potentially put at risk the success of the project. Papyrus is 

running on Ethereum Blockchain claiming to use state channel technology to sort 

out scalability issues. Since no state channel implementation has been done yet, the 

whole assumptions on scalability remain a big question mark.  

In terms of transparency, Ad fees and users’ reward details are also not declared. 

-AdShares. Very interesting project from blockchain point of view since leveraging a 

high performing platform able to handle 10k transaction per second and over 100k 

transfer per second.  

But apparently no profiling is in scope. Therefore, unlike Thrive, it cannot be 

considered a premium service. 

Once more, Ad fees and users’ reward details are not stated. 

-BAT. It’s a very powerful network with many profiling possibilities, aimed to fight 

against ad-blockers and banner-blindness issues. 

Users will be rewarded according to the measurement of their “attention”. We feel 

that this is very hard to forecast. This project is based on Ethereum blockchain. 

Ethereum blockchain current # of transactions per second handling is far too low for 

the purpose. It can be considered a show stopper. 

Ad fees are not declared. It seems fees calculation will be done according to the 

measurement of the attention as well.  

-MAD Network. Analysis cannot be done at this stage. The whitepaper shows a 

complex and vague business flow that is not backed up by any detail. No information 



 

13 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

about Blockchain technology used for the project (in the competitor analysis chart is 

assumed to run on Ethereum blockchain). 

 

Thrive Labs project is going beyond the decentralized Ad Market Place concept, since 

building and integrating an active community around it, with clear and transparent 

engagement rules. 

Thrive is a company based on Blockchain and smart contracts with all competitive 

advantages this technology brings in, ensuring full transparency, 100% data security 

and safety. 

Thrive Tech team duly analyzed major blockchains available on the markets 

considering all the threats stated above in terms of # of transactions handling, 

speed, gas requirement and data storage capability. After this analysis has decided to 

move on building his own proprietary blockchain tailored made on marketing needs.  

Ethereum blockchain will be used only for crowdsale purposes. A token swap will be 

provided once Thrive proprietary Blockchain is deployed. 

Heavily reducing the cost of advertising (cutting off most of the profit for 

middlemen) will make advertisers and publishers eager to switch to Blockchain 

platforms.  

To fully differentiate from competition, still leveraging all Blockchain competitive 

advantages stated above, Thrive conducted extensive market research and launched 

private surveys to clearly understand if its value proposition was both fully in line 

with industry needs and self-sustainable from a financial point of view.  

 

How many ICO projects have a sound business plan behind?  

- The Thrive team is backed up by a solid business plan, based on months of surveys 

and market research. 

- The Thrive team is working in the industry since years as part of an existing and 

profitable company. 

- The Thrive team understands technology, and therefore spending time selecting 

the best scalable blockchain solution to fully support and deliver the project.  

- The Thrive team is the only project declaring AD FEES applied and 



 

14 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

USERS/WEBSITES REWARDS in a transparent and clear way to its community. 

- The Thrive team has a clear strategy to ramp-up its platform before opening the 

market place and becoming profitable. 

 

 

 

Competitor Analysis Chart: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

BLOCKCHAIN 
PERFORMACE  

COMMUNITY 
ENGAGEMENT RULES 
& TRASPARENCY 



 

15 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

CASE STUDY 
 

a) CASE 1 - ADVERTISERS 

ARE YOU IN CONTROL OF ADVERTISEMENT PLACEMENT?  

IS YOUR BRAND REPUTATION RISKLESS?  

 

Today this is not always the case.  

7 months ago, major brands including Verizon and Walmart pulled their ads after 

they were found to be appearing next to videos promoting extremist views or hate 

speech. Both, the telecom companies AT&T and Verizon, as well as the 

pharmaceutical company GSK, Pepsi, Walmart, Johnson & Johnson and the car rental 

firm Enterprise, have all pulled advertising from Google’s video-sharing platform. 

“Until Google can ensure this won’t happen again, we are removing our ads from 

Google’s non-search platforms” an AT&T spokesman said in a statement.  

“So, when there’s a problem with advertising like this, it’s a big problem,” 

Krasodomski-Jones said (researcher at the thinktank Demos). 

The row highlights an uncomfortable fact about advertising in the digital age: most 

brands don’t know exactly where their online advertising is running. Black box 

machines are now largely responsible for the placement of ads online.…when an ad 

appears alongside a piece of content, it’s not always clear whether it’s been shown 

based on a person’s previous browsing behavior, interests, or demographic data or 

because the brand is affiliated with a particular content creator*. 

*Source: https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/25/google-youtube-advertising-extremist-content-

att-verizon 

Thrive Labs Platform goal is to deeply decrease the risk of brand reputation damages 

by providing premium placements reviewed by its community.  

 

 

 

https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/23/youtube-google-boycott-att-verizon-pull-adverts-extremism
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/17/youtube-and-google-search-for-answers
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/17/youtube-and-google-search-for-answers


 

16 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

b) CASE 2 - PUBLISHERS 

FED UP OF RUNNING YOUR SITE EXACTLY THE WAY GOOGLE WANTS AND PAYING 

CRAZY FEES? 

DEVELOPED A GOOD CONTENT BUT SUDDENLY BANNED BY ADSENSE FOR UNCLER 

REASONS? 

 

“Idris Sami is a 19-year-old French-Moroccan entrepreneur who set up a website 

that lets people text their friends for free.   

MesTextos isn't going to threaten WhatsApp anytime soon, but in Europe and the 

Middle East, where alternative messaging services are more popular, free texting is a 

nice little niche to occupy.  

Sami was running Google's AdSense advertising system on his site. It allows website 

publishers to display search ads powered by Google and take a cut of the revenue 

(estimated between 32% and 49%).  

By December 2013 so many people were clicking on MesTextos' ads that Sami's 

Google account hit $46,000. 

But then he learned that if you're an AdSense partner and you don't run ads on your 

site exactly the way Google wants, the search giant will punish you. Sami was 

banned from Google's ad programs until further notice and without any detailed 

explanation. He lost his $46,000. 

Although this is an extreme example it does typify one of the frustrations Google's 

clients have dealing with opaque and complicated rules**.  

 **Sources:  

- http://uk.businessinsider.com/19-year-old-lost-46000-in-google-adsense-rules-ban-2014-8?r=US&IR=T 

- https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/180195?hl=en 

 

Thrive Labs Platform content judgment is regulated by its community with 

transparent and simple rules. With fees from 4.5 to 7 times lower than existing ones. 

 

 



 

17 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

c) CASE 3 - USERS 

ARE YOU IN CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA?  

ARE YOUR DATA SECURED?  

ARE YOU GETTING REWARDED FOR UNCONSCIUOSLY SHARING THEM?  

 

Absolutely not.  

Recently Facebook has been fined 1.2 million euros ($1.4 million) for allegedly 

collecting personal information from users in Spain that could then be used for 

advertising. The fine stemmed from an investigation into the social network 

company conducted alongside similar probes in Belgium, France, Germany and the 

Netherlands, the AEPD authority said. AEPD said it found three cases in which 

Facebook had collected details such as the gender, religious beliefs, personal tastes 

and browsing history of its millions of Spanish users without informing them how 

such information would be used. 

According to the AEPD, the tech giant did not sufficiently inform users about how it 

would use data collected on third-party websites, and did not obtain consent to use 

it.  

Facebook’s privacy policy contains generic and unclear terms, the authority said in a 

statement. 

The social network uses specifically protected data for advertising, among other 

purposes, without obtaining users’ express consent as data protection law demands, 

a serious infringement. 

It said it also found evidence the network kept information for more than 17 months 

after users closed their accounts”***. 

***Source: http://www.reuters.com/article/us-facebook-spain-fine/facebook-fined-1-2-million-euros-by-

spanish-data-watchdog-idUSKCN1BM1OU 

In Thrive Labs Platform, everyone will be fully aware of anonymous data sharing, 

because users voluntarily decide to do it and get rewarded for it. Thrive Labs is 

utilizing Blockchain technology, which is the most secure place from malicious 

attacks.  



 

18 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

Only data anonymized, profiled and segmented are stored in the Blockchain to limit 

the data storage size. The original data provided by the user is destroyed after this 

operation. 

A networks of independent entities and complex cryptographies for communication 

prevent the possibility of falsifying data on transactions that are public by nature 

and completely open to users, this is what makes Blockchain into the best 

framework for data security.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

19 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

COMPANY STRATEGY 
 

Thrive is initially targeting publisher websites with at least 65K yearly views and 3 

banners spaces available for ad placement, targeted to increase over time towards a 

portfolio of websites with an average of 100K annual views. This positioning is 

justified by the concept of building a market with powerful network effect that 

benefits all. Its value to its clients lies in measurable performance, sales, and profits 

delivered at a very large scale. 

 

As of September 2017, the number of existing online websites counts 1.2 billion 

unique hostnames. Considering a 75% discount factor for non-active websites due to 

parked domains it reduces to an applicable base count of 300 million active websites.  

As per Thrive market positioning explained above, our extended research highlighted 

that websites having more than 100K yearly visits, represent 40% of the overall 

internet market.  

This boils down to a baseline for market penetration which will be roughly 120 

Million sites. 

 

a) Ramp-up phase 

Analyzing the current Digital Advertising landscape, mainly dominated by Google 

and Facebook with over 60% market shares, the average market penetration for 

entering high potential digital marketing emerging companies is between 0.01% and 

0.02% in within the first years (see reference in appendix). 

Thrive targeted this threshold to be reached during the ramp-up phase.  

To achieve this target, the token reserve (refer to token allocation page) will be 

entirely re-distributed to Thrive’s community before officially opening the Ad 

Market place. The reserve will be fully utilized for rewarding interactions and data 

gathering within the platform’s ecosystem (See chart below) 

 

 



 

20 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

The ramp-up phase will ensure the platform reaches the critical mass needed for a 

smooth start: 

 260K websites subscriptions. 

 Website data points coming from 16 billion page-views (up to 0.44€ per CPM 

token equivalents reward). 

 Consumer data points equivalents to 10000 TB (1.5€ per GB token 

equivalents). 

 Fully tested features by industry insiders. 

 

THRIVE RAMP-UP ECOSYSTEM  

  

 

 

 



 

21 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

b) Thrive’s revenue streams 

- 10% fee for each Ad. Marketplace transactions. 

- 1000€ coin equivalents flat monthly DMP platform fee 

- 0.5€ coin equivalents CPM cost for every thousand ads served using Thrive DMP 

data 

 

c) Social responsibility 

Thrive Labs Team believes in corporate social responsibility; therefore, it will give its 

community the chance to suggest which charity program will benefit from a yearly 

donation. 

 

 

 

THRIVE FULL ECOSYSTEM 

 

 

 



 

22 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

WHY PARTICIPATE IN THRIVE 
 

a) Users and Websites reward. 

User behavior and search data is worth billions to companies, finally users and 

website owners get compensated. 

 

b) Reviews Opportunity. 

Potential reviewer yearly reward  up to 27K€ tokens equivalents. 

 

c) Advertisers/Publishers opportunity. 

Participating in TGE rounds means securing advertising packages in a Premium Ad 

Marketplace with lowest fees and best conversion ever. 

 

b) Full reserve re-distribution. 

The entire crowd sales reserve will be redistributed to Thrive consumers, advertisers 

and publishers contributing to the initial platform ramp-up phase. 

e) Efficiency, Accuracy & Reputation.  

Thrive will dramatically improve Digital marketing efficiency, re-targeting accuracy 

with the best DMP in the market and brand protection.  

f) Thought Through Token Economics.  

Fixed Supply. Unsold tokens will be burned. 20% of the coins earned from company 

service fees will be destroyed. The more the advertising platform is used, the more 

coins will be destroyed establishing a positive feedback loop of appreciation.  

 

g) Rock Solid Experience. 

Solid experience in the industry running a profitable company since years.  

A strong tech team that understands technology. 

Providing clear engagement rules to its community and transparency on fees and 

rewards structure. A clear strategy to ramp-up its community. 



 

23 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

THRIVE SERVICES 
 

Thrive services can be bundled into four macro categories, all regulated by Thrive 

Labs Blockchain:  

 

Digital profile management 

Due to the high volumes of data and transaction expected in the platform, Thrive 

will guarantee all the actors in the platform will be in line with KYC (know your 

customer) and AML (anti money laundering) standards. All data will be treated 

anonymously and secured by Thrive’s Blockchain. 

 

DMP Services 

As per latest Forrester report, Winterberry Group Survey and Radar Research Survey, 

all senior executives believe that DMP will be in their future.  

77% see a DMP solution as a critical/major player in expanding the performance of 

long-term AD and Marketing strategy.  

 

Globally, 79% of agency-side media buying professionals use DMP technology. This 

figure can be viewed as very strong, especially given that research we conducted in 



 

24 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

July 2015 showed 53% of media buyers had a DMP solution in place – representing 

an increase of 26% in just two years. This is symptomatic of agencies’ desire to 

increase their competitive edge. 

Globally, DMPs are primarily used by agencies for audience targeting (62%), 

audience insights and analytics (53%), and data unification (33%). 

 

Looking at Industry verticals, overall 41% already use a DMP and 39% are planning 

to implement one within the next 12 months. 

 

However, DMP adoption is no longer enough for agencies to achieve differentiation, 

with such a high percentage of competitors having very similar technology. 

Therefore Thrive Labs is aiming to deeply change the paradigm on how DMP works 

today.  

Currently DMPs available on the markets collect data about customers directly from 

digital advertisements, websites and mobile applications.  



 

25 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

Most of the time these touch points represent only the last click of the customer’s 

journey. 

Thanks to Thrive’s DMP, for the first time, Advertisers will experience first DMP 

fully leveraging customer data collected along the whole customer journey. 

 

Thrive Labs Main Services: 

 Data Onboarding 

 Data Modelling 

 Data Activation 

 Predictive Retargeting 

 Prospecting 

 Audience Analytics 

 Customer Segmentation 

 

Ad Exchange  

Ad Exchange is based on RTB (Real Time Bidding) system, integrated by a portal that 

allows publishers to: 

 Decide which typology of advertisers they accept 

 Price for each banner, CPM rate, # of banners plus other technical details.  

At the same time advertisers can set maximum bid value, and other fine tunings to 

optimize banners and other ads. 

The MVP product will start with display advertisement.  

Advanced Ad units such as interstitial, video pre-roll/mid-roll/post-roll and native 

will be added if the intermediate milestone is reached (see horizontal roadmap). 

 

Thrive Labs AI 

The task of Thrive Labs AI (Artificial Intelligence) is to consolidate and process data 

collected by its community.  



 

26 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

Data processing is done by linking reviewers’ data and incoming traffic data 

providing concrete guidance for site curators to improve their user experience. 

On DMP side, it represents the beating heart of Thrives Audience analytics, 

Predictive retargeting and Customer segmentation functionalities will ensure a high 

conversion rate. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

27 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

THRIVE LABS BLOCKCHAIN 
 

Blockchain is a communication protocol that identifies a technology based on 

distributed database logic (a database in which data is not stored on a single 

computer but on multiple machines connected to one another, called nodes). 

Blockchain is a database made of blocks that store valid transaction blocks correlated 

by a timestamp. Each block includes the hash (a non-invertible algorithmic function 

that maps an arbitrary length string to a predefined length string) of the previous 

block, linking the blocks together. The linked blocks form a chain, with each 

additional block that reinforces the previous ones. 

Blockchain is also a public and shared registry consisting of a number of clients. 

Blockchain is organized to automatically update to each of the clients participating 

in the network. Every operation performed must be automatically confirmed by all 

nodes through encryption software that verifies a private key or seed data package 

that is used to sign transactions. By guaranteeing the digital identity of those who 

have authorized you. 

 

Thrive Labs Blockchain will be ruled and its transaction will be validated by Proof-

of-Stake, instead the traditional Proof-of-Work system.  

Proof-of-Stake is an innovative way to validate transactions and achieve the 

distributed consensus. The first digital currency to use this method was Peercoin in 

2012, together with ShadowCash, Nxt, BlackCoin, NuShares/NuBits, Qora and Nav 

Coin. Unlike the Proof-of-Work, where the algorithm rewards miners who solve 

mathematical problems with the goal of validating transactions and creating new 

blocks, with the proof-of-stake the creator of a new block is chosen in a 

deterministic way depending on its wealth, also defined as stake.  

Since the digital currency is entirely created in the beginning and kept constant, in 

the Proof-of-Stake system there is no block reward. Therefore, the miners are 

rewarded by the transaction fee. Thanks to a Proof-of-Stake system, validators do 



 

28 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

not have to use their computing power. The only factors that influence their chances 

are both the total number of coins owned and current complexity of the network. 

 

a) Key features of the Blockchain: 

Reliability: by giving all the direct participants a control over the entire chain, 

Blockchain becomes a less centralized, less alterable, and at the same time a safer 

and more reliable system (e.g. malicious attacks).  

If only one of the chain nodes undergoes an attack and gets damaged, all the other 

distributed database nodes will still be active and operative, welding the chain and 

not losing important information. 

Transparency: Blockchain transactions are visible to all participants, thus ensuring 

transparency in operations. 

Solidity: The information already stored in the Blockchain cannot be changed in any 

way. In this way, the information contained in the Blockchain is solid and reliable. 

Irrevocability: With the Blockchain all transactions are irrevocable and at the same 

time more easily traceable. This ensures that the transactions are definitive, without 

any possibility of being modified or canceled. 

b) The software packages  

Thrive Labs software packages basically are of two types: The data mining software 

package and the client software package. 

The data mining software package is needed to collect and send data either to the 

Blockchain for rewarding activities and to AI module for the processing stage. It is a 

combination of the three components described below. 

a) The JavaScript file: this fulfills the dual task of counting publisher’s visitor’s 

views for reward attribution and collecting data to be sent to Thrive Labs AI engine. 

The JavaScript file will contain a "lite" version of the Blockchain, in order not to 

heavily affect the host's memory capacity of the site itself.   



 

29 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

The JavaScript file will not contain the ledger as a "full" client, but will use the 

"full" client network to draw and store data into the ledger.  

The JavaScript file is built to prevent the use of bots and any other type of fraudulent 

way to alter data. An algorithm created by Thrive Labs has been tested to detect any 

fraudulent activity.  

b) The browser extension: available for major browsers, is enabling consumers to be 

rewarded while navigating (1.5 EUR/GB equivalent). 

A wallet balance will be displayed in the GUI.  

c) The mobile browser: in order to track user’s behavior on mobile devices (iOS, 

Android) Thrive Labs is developing a mobile browser based on Chromium mobile 

project. Once installed the browser will anonymously keep track of the user behavior, 

temporally store them on client-side storage and then send to Thrive Labs with 

asynchronous calls in JavaScript (Ajax, RPC). 

The client software package is the core of Thrive Labs Blockchain.  

To be installed by reviewers consists of three different components such as a wallet, 

a ledger and the site review form handling engine.  The client is a typical Blockchain 

node, the wallet has a coded address that identifies the node itself and the ledger 

contains transactions data.  

The reviewer GUI is used to manage the forms and to provide another type of 

statistics that are useful to reviewers, such as the number of sites to review, mining 

difficulty and Thrive platform KPIs. 

All components of the client are coded using python (or GO language) script 

language plus a framework for the Graphic User Interface. 

 

 

 

 

 



 

30 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

COMPANY DOMICILE & TAX 
 

Thrive Labs is established in January 2017, Registration number C 79094.  

Due to tax benefits, Thrive decided to set up a Limited Liability Company, owned by 

its founders, domiciled in Malta.  

The general meeting of the shareholders is the governing authority of LTD Corp.  

Main reasons why Thrive Labs LTD is established in Malta: 

 Malta is constantly growing, representing the perfect environment for a 

dynamic company whose aim is to look at the future with a smart perspective.  

 Malta provides sustainable economic policy with tax breaks for companies 

who want to invest in the country and with competitive employee costs.  

 Malta is strongly working to put itself at the center of new, emerging 

economic ecosystems and to create a great environment for the development 

and commercialization of Fintech models for disruptive innovation. Malta 

government has also expressed the willingness to be on the frontline in 

embracing Blockchain technology and is working to create the appropriate 

regulatory framework, the right tax system and the best infrastructure to 

support this ambition.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

31 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

TOKEN GENERATION EVENT 
 

 Total Supply: 200’000’000 THRT + Bonus  

 Max Hard Cap: 27’500’000 EUR   

(25’000’000  ERU+ 2’500’000 EUR in case of 95% reach. The additional 2.5M 

are covered decreasing the Team Token ownership percentage) 

 1 THRT will be corresponding to 0.25 EUR 

The amount of THRT tokens per 1 ETH might vary due to the movement of the 

Ethereum price. 

Thrive is planning to schedule an early investors Private round, a public Pre-sales 
and a Public Sales public rounds. 
 
A dynamic Hard Cap increase of 10% will be triggered in case the sales is reaching 
95% of the declared hardcap.  
The 10% increase will be covered by Team Tokens in order to avoid printing 
additional ones. 
Unsold tokens will be burned. 
 
20% of the Coins earned from company service fees will be destroyed. The more the 
advertising platform is used, the more coins will be destroyed. 

For more details please refer to:  
https://ico.thrivelabs.io/documents/thrive_tokeneconomics.pdf 
 
Smart contracts for all token sales will undergo independent third-party audits from 
credible companies before launch to ensure the security and integrity of the code. 

The Thrive Token (THRT) is an ERC-20 standard Token. 

All wallets supporting ether, including Jaxx, MyEtherWallet.com and Ethereum 

Wallet support ERC-20 compliant tokens. 

 

Purchaser Eligibility & KYC / AML Compliance 

All rounds will follow KYC (Know your customer) and AML (Anti-Money Laundering) 

best practice under Maltese jurisdiction. 

https://ico.thrivelabs.io/documents/thrive_tokeneconomics.pdf


 

32 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

The participants’ personal information and identity proofs are then computed and 

compared to a legal database. 

USA and China residents or citizens are not allowed to participate to Thrive TGE.  

All tokens will be generated and distributed only once the KYC/AML is completed and 

the TGE is over. Minimum amount to claim tokens is 1000 THRT. 

As soon as Thrive’s Blockchain is ready to support the ramp up phase, Thrive’s Coins 

will be distributed and exchanged 1:1 with TRHT Tokens. 

Thrive’s Coins are native to Thrive, it is the only currency used in the marketplace. 

THRT Tokens do not represent company shares or give rights to revenue sharing. 

From token economics point of view, the Thrive Coin is a utility token therefore 

there is not any guarantee of future value of the THRT token. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

33 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

 

 

THRT Token Private Round:  

Running till February 5th  

Entry Bonus   Min. Contribution 

40%  400K THRT 

 

The extended Thrive business plan will be at full disposal of Private-Round 

participants following the NDA signature. Tailored made deals. 

Contact us for more info at info@thrivelabs.io or visit https://reg.thrivelabs.io 

 

THRT Token Public Pre-Sale:  

Pre-sale starts on February 15th  

Bonus  Min. Contribution 

30%  1000 THRT 

 

THRT Token Public Main Sale: 

Main sale starts on March 10th – Periods start and end are intended at 2:00 PM UTC 

Bonus Deadline Min. Contribution Indiv.Cap  

20% March 10th-11th   1000 THRT 3 ETH  

15% March 11th-13th  1000 THRT 3 ETH  

10% March 13th-17th 1000 THRT 3 ETH  

5% March 17th-25th 1000 THRT 3 ETH  

No bonus From March 25th  1000 THRT 3 ETH  

mailto:info@thrivelabs.io
https://reg.thrivelabs.io/


 

34 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

Final dates and Bonus Thresholds for both Public Pre-Sales and Public Sales will be 

published on the official Thrive website.  

 

a) Tokens Distribution 

 

 

 

 53% will be allocated for Private and Public Tokens rounds. 

 17% will be reserved for Thrive team. These tokens will be locked for 24 

months after the completion of the token generation event with 1-month cliff 

(or until the launch of proprietary Thrive Blockchain). 

 1% will be reserved for Advisors and Partners. These tokens will be locked for 

12 months after the completion of the token generation event with 1-month 

cliff (or until the launch of proprietary Thrive Blockchain). 

 2% will be reserved for bounties campaigns. 



 

35 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

 27% will go to reserve and will be fully redistributed to reward Thrive 

community during the ramp-up phase. 

 

 

b) Budget Allocation 

 

 

 

 57% will cover team salary, new hiring, external consultants, administrative 

expenses and research activities. 

 13% will cover business development, board advisors and travel expenses 

 22% will cover marketing expenses. 

 4% will be cover legal expenses and advisory. 

 4% will be reserved as contingency for unplanned expenses. 

 



 

36 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

ROADMAP 

 

 
 

 



 

37 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

ORGANIZATION 
 

Thrive comprises a Marketing, Sales, Financial, Legal and Operation division. The 

core team and the heart of the start-up is a multidisciplinary and dynamic team, 

with deep digital marketing experience coming both from Weboom LTD and 

International companies. 

Thrive team is organized in a “flatarchies” structure. It is a mix between hierarchies 

and flat organizations. 

In our environment, the company operates within an existing structure but usually 

allows employees to suggest and then run with new ideas. 

Our main benefit is the focus on innovation which is quite a strong competitive 

advantage in the future of work. 

 

The mindset of Thrive is centered on creating shared values in its business activity 

and in its interaction with employees and partners.   

Core values as “trust, excellence, passion and care”, are the main pillars of Thrive 

leading value based model.  

Thrive believes that diversity and exchange bring richness to everyone’s life and that 

share economy offers a unique opportunity to create new sustainable and affordable 

solutions. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

38 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

Project Team: 

 

 

Giuseppe Calabrò 

Experienced Business Development Executive with demonstrated results in the 

events services industry. Strong business development professional with a major 

focused in Online Market and Business Performance, Mobile Value-Added Service, 

Advertising and Direct Media Buying. 

 

 

Cataldo Franzone 

Computer Science Engineer. 

Passionate and curious about cutting edge technologies, all around geek, strong 

oriented business mind, superior IT knowledge, critical thinking.  

ʍǝᴉʌ ɟo ʇuᴉod ɹǝɥʇouɐ ɯoɹɟ 

 

 

Viviana Carcione 

Degree in foreign languages. 

Curious and hardheaded, arts and culture supporter, fully dedicated to brand creation 

and marketing strategy. Intrigued by the intersection of design, elegance and 

technology. Words matter, passion wins and thinking is the way. 

 

 

Giuseppe Scordino 

MBA, ΒΓΣ, Digital Strategy (INSEAD).  

Business results-oriented with entrepreneurial innovative mindset executive.  

Strong record track in Business Intelligence & Analytics, Strategy, Competitive 

intelligence, CRM and Omni channel Digital Transformation. 



 

39 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

 

 

Alessandro Santoro 

Computer Science Engineer. 

Senior Software Engineer, Experienced web developer and UI optimizer.  

 

 

Gaetano Nuciforo 

Blockchain expert, consultant and coder.  

Bit coin & Blockchain evangelist, strongly believe technology should be both 

accessible and understood by everyone using it.  

 

    

 

Rosamaria Chillemi 

The ceaseless search for trends in social and digital ADV branches, in conjunction 

with a strong lateral thinking are the first steps to create a winning social media 

strategy.  

Writing and digital art enthusiast, I don't give up to any challenge I face. 

 

 

 Gianfranco Ciaurella 

Technologies and Computer Science lover, multi-tasking crypto enthusiast and early 

investor. Expert in subscriber relations and communication, with also a good 

understanding of the finance markets and experience in promoting brands through 

social media and online communities. 

 

Meet the full team & advisors board at ico.thrivelabs.io 

 

https://ico.thrivelabs.io/


 

40 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

REFERENCES & SOURCES 
 

 https://www.mfsa.com.mt 

 http://fortune.com/2017/01/04/google-facebook- ad-industry/ 

 https://www.statista.com/statistics/272314/advertising-spending002D 

 https://www.statista.com/topics/990/global-advertising-market/ 

 http://collectiveuk.com/why-digital-advertisers-need-a-premium-

marketplace/ 

 https://www.quora.com/How-much-do-DMPs-charge 

 http://time.com/money/3920131/cellular-data/ 

 https://www.creditloan.com/blog/how-the-world-spends-its-time-online/ 

 http://sixteenventures.com/saas-churn-rate 

 http://www.internetworldstats.com/stats.htm 

 http://www.visualcapitalist.com/dominance-google-and-facebook-one-

chart/ 

 https://www.quantcast.com/top-sites/ 

 http://www.internetlivestats.com/total-number-of-websites/#trend 

 https://hbr.org/2017/10/smart-ledgers-can-help-us-reclaim-control-of-

our-personal-data 

 https://www.engadget.com/2017/09/11/facebook-spanish-user-data-fine/ 

 https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/25/google-youtube-

advertising-extremist-content-att-verizon 

 http://uk.businessinsider.com/19-year-old-lost-46000-in-google-adsense-

rules-ban-2014-8?r=US&IR=T 

 https://www.exchangewire.com/blog/2017/07/25/adoption-vs-execution-

media-agencies-making-dmps 

 https://adexchanger.com/data-exchanges/dmp-adoption-rise-challenges-

remain/ 

 

 

https://www.engadget.com/2017/09/11/facebook-spanish-user-data-fine/
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/25/google-youtube-advertising-extremist-content-att-verizon
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/25/google-youtube-advertising-extremist-content-att-verizon
http://uk.businessinsider.com/19-year-old-lost-46000-in-google-adsense-rules-ban-2014-8?r=US&IR=T
http://uk.businessinsider.com/19-year-old-lost-46000-in-google-adsense-rules-ban-2014-8?r=US&IR=T
https://www.exchangewire.com/blog/2017/07/25/adoption-vs-execution-media-agencies-making-dmps
https://www.exchangewire.com/blog/2017/07/25/adoption-vs-execution-media-agencies-making-dmps


 

41 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

CONTACT US 
 

Email: 

info@thrivelabs.io 

 

Website: 

ico.thrivelabs.io 

 

Offices: 

MALTA 

Thrive Labs 

Halmann Vella, Block A, Level 0, Mosta Road 9016, Lija 

+44 20 35298251  

 

SWITZERLAND 

Thrive Labs 

Route de Peney 2, Mail Box 678, 1214 Vernier, Geneva 

+41 22 5665775 

 

 

 

 

 

mailto:info@thrivelabs.io
https://ico.thrivelabs.io/


 

42 | T H R I V E  W H I T E P A P E R  V  1 1 . 0  

TERMS & CONDITIONS 
 

Please read carefully the following documents before contributing to Thrive TGE 

Rounds. 

 

Thrive Legal & TGE Terms 

https://ico.thrivelabs.io/documents/thrive_legal_tge_terms.pdf 

 

Thrive Privacy Policy 

https://ico.thrivelabs.io/documents/thrive_privacy_policy.pdf 

https://ico.thrivelabs.io/documents/thrive_legal_tge_terms.pdf
https://ico.thrivelabs.io/documents/thrive_privacy

