












































 

 1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Whitepaper 

  
M.I.T - Miao'A International Timechain 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 2 

 

ABSTRACT 

 

Miao'A International Timechain (M.I.T) is dedicated to building a precision time-value-

based transmission network. We highly acknowledge the time-value of money for each 

individual, and that the extent of which an individual's time is valued depends on how 

much he/she is needed by others, i.e. the more helpful an individual is, the higher the 

individual is needed. For the purpose of better presenting individuals’ time-value, and 

effectively matching the time exporters and time demanders, M.I.T will introduce TNB 

(Time New Bank) digital currency, based on a blockchain technology underlying 

platform, aiming to establish a time-value transmission network which comprises 

prominences of decentralization, internationalization, payment flexibility, pricing 

transparency, and strong protection of rights and proof-of-stake. 

 

Our team equips with solid ability of offline resource integration. By far, the team has 

initiated collaboration with Miao'A, a well-known online celebrity time-value exchange 

service platform, leveraging the Miao’A’s celebrity effects to rapidly and effectively 

attract fans and audience, also known as time demanders, in order to construct a 

massive buy-side market for the transaction of time commodities and TNB. 

 

 



 

 3 

 

PART 1. PROJECT OVERVIEW 

 

1. Background 

Time, with its commercial value, can be traded as commodities. It is a concept already 

been accepted in human society. From Lunch with Warren Buffet, to the hourly wages 

charged by attorneys, we have witnessed various examples of how time-value of 

individuals can be materialized. Business models are evolved along dimensions in 

space and time that human beings occupy. By exploring the nature of time-related 

products, we could see that the value of time commodities is mostly generated from 

the value radiation effects of the time exporters, i.e. their capacity to serve, or in others 

words, their monetization ability. 

 

2. Market Painpoints  

There is still a long journey for time commodities to become a mature merchandising 

segment. The current pain-points on the market can be elaborated as below: 

 The lack of objective and well-accepted valuation standards for the value of time 

commodities; 

 The lack of transformation tools and sales means for individual’s time to become 

commercialized; 

 Even though time exporters are able to form the primary exchange market solely 

on their own or via brokerages, they are short of sufficient resources to construct 

the secondary and third markets for effectively exploiting the commercial value of 

time commodities; 

 The lack of a centralized time product trading platform creates complexity for time 

demanders to acquire product information and make purchase decisions. As a 

result, time demanders are required to master enormous professional knowledge 

of laws and business rules, which undoubtedly heightens threshold to enter the 

market and generates high risk.  

 The lack of effective monitoring to verify the authenticity of time commodity 

transactions could give rise to time exports’ foul plays, such as exaggeration of 

transaction volumes in order to self-promote the time value and etc. 

 The confirmation of ownership is difficult in the current time commodity exchange 

process, resulting in high risk of default.  



 

 4 

 

 The current market is limited to local transactions as cross-border transactions are 

difficult to achieve and the settlement process are complex and redundant.  

 

3. Solution – M.I.T Precision Time-Value Transmission Platform 

After conducting solid market research and analysis, combining the team’s strong 

offline resource integration ability and sales capacity, the team has constructed M.I.T, 

a precision time-value transmission platform based on blockchain technology, to 

organize a comprehensive network comprised of primary, secondary and third market 

for time commodity exchange. M.I.T aims to deliver a standardized system that fully 

expresses the value of time commodities based on how time exporters are recognized 

and demanded via scientific and systematic analytical model by leveraging its 

decentralized value transmission platform. In commodity value transmission process, 

TNB will be adopted as the settlement currency to accurately tell both the current and 

future value of the time commodities. 

 

Under the abovementioned structure, time demanders can quickly retrieve on the M.I.T 

platform to position and purchase the exact time commodity from the exact time 

exporter. After completing the purchase, time demanders could either materialize the 

time commodities or transfer them on the secondary market. Investors can invest on 

commodities via the third market. In this way, multiple-layers of demand are fulfilled. 

 

 

PART 2. M.I.T PLATFORM & TNB 

 

1. Introduction of M.I.T Platform 

M.I.T refers to the decentralized time commodity value transmission platform based on 

Grid, the most avant-garde underlying blockchain technology. The platform serves 

designated parties include: 

 

1.1 Time exporters – refer to the providers of time commodities, i.e. the party who 

will ultimately fulfill the commitment to spend their time during a specific period of 

time to provide service for time commodities buyers. Celebrities, entrepreneurs, 

lawyers, physicians, teachers and industry experts can fit into this category. Based 



 

 5 

 

on the how much they are demanded, different time allocations, previous credit 

ratings, quality of commitment fulfillment and so on, the platform will score the time 

exports and the time commodities they provide time of goods output and make 

categorization. The rating system will promote benign value of the platform to 

ensure healthy and ecological development. 

1.2 Time demanders – refer to the demanders and buyers of the time 

commodities. From the motivation of time consumption to solve their problems 

and fulfill their needs, time demanders will purchase time commodities and 

consumer them in exchange of corresponding service from time exporters. 

1.3 Time investors – refer to the crowds whose primarily focus is on the asset 

side of the time commodities. From the motivation of acquiring economic benefits 

through investments, time investors purchase time commodities from the primary 

market and monetize them on the secondary and third markets in order to receive 

price premium. 

1.4 Time asset operators – refer to companies and partnerships that are 

mutually-benefits to the platform’s ecosystem. Time asset operators bring in high-

quality time assets and introduce time exports trendy on the market, expand to the 

large and highly active time demander base, connect prominent time investors. 

Their participation will boost the construction and positively promote the 

sustainable development of the platform’s ecosystem. 

 

M.I.T platform comprises of time commodity exchange and time asset exchange 

markets based upon blockchain technology. All the transaction processes are recorded 

in the underlying distributed blockchain ledger. This practice avoids the black-box 

manipulations during the operation process, ensures accuracy of ownership rights and 

proceeding transitions, allows for transparency of data and a purified transaction 

environment. During the transactions, M.I.T will retrieve TNB tokens by announcing 

service charge or transaction commissions. The retrieved TNB tokens, apart from the 

amounts used for channel fee distributions, daily operation and maintenance of M.I.T 

platform, will be regularly sealed and never relieved. By this mean, total supply of TNB 

tokens will be gradually reduced. 

 

Meanwhile, M.I.T platform adopts Grid public blockchain technology and largely 



 

 6 

 

applies middleware, well-sealed SDK and API to provide business service to third 

parties with simple access and convenient transplantation.  The goal is to fast 

cultivate its cross-industry and cross-border service capacity and consequently 

encourage rapid, orderly and healthy development of the platform ecology. 

 

2. TNB (Time New Bank) 

TNB, a.k.a. Time new bank, is a cryptographic digital currency issued by M.I.T, which 

enables transactions on M.I.T time commodity exchange and M.I.T time asset 

exchange. M.I.T will mint a total of 6,000,000,000 TNB tokens. No more tokens will be 

minted afterwards.  For early-stage investors, TNB serves the purpose of providing 

project funding. It could also be used to incentivize individuals or organizations that 

contribute to the M.I.T ecosystem. Moreover, TNB will be able to carry the premium 

generated self-promotion of time exporters and deliver to the end users. TNB will also 

be circulated on third party digital currency exchanges. 

 

 

PART 3. M.I.T ECOSYSTEM AND BUSINESS LOGICS 

 

1. Overview of M.I.T Ecosystem 

M.I.T connects considerable numbers of high-quality time exporters, mature time asset 

operators and investors as well as large volume of time demanders. It commits to 

integrate industry resources, bridges trust and delivers value, which is anticipated to 

lead the evolvement of the overall industry. 

 

M.I.T platform is comprised of underlying blockchain ledger, M.I.T time commodity 

exposition platform (entry portal), M.I.T time commodity issuance platform (primary 

market), M.I.T time commodity exchange (secondary market), M.I.T time asset 

exchange (third market), APP, DAPP, enterprise service middleware, SDK, API and etc. 

TNB will serve as value-conveying instrument within the platform ecology 

 

 

 

 



 

 7 

 

2. M.I.T Business Logics 

 

Illustration of M.I.T Business Logics 

 

2.1 M.I.T underlying blockchain ledger, as the core component of M.I.T platform, 

shoulders responsibilities e.g. bookkeeping, proof-of-stake and search functions 

for the time commodity exchange, time asset exchange and eco-cooperation 

partners. It guardians the safety and stability of all the transaction information on 

the platform and avoids forged records by human conducts, thus the ownership 

of commodities and assets is distinguished clearly and definitely. 

2.2 M.I.T eco-cooperation partners will be enabled to enlarge their cross-border 

business scope, achieve high-efficiency transaction and cost-effective 

settlement by purchasing TNB from third party exchange platforms. In addition, 

they could acquire TNB as early –stage investors and participate in the internal 

TNB settlement system. 

2.3 By connecting with M.I.T platform, eco-cooperation partners will be able to 

introduce large volume of contracted high-quality time exports, time commodities 

with proven market value, as to enrich versatile contents for time commodity 

market. 

2.4 Time exports, bonded by signing smart contracts with M.I.T platform, promise to 

convert their time to time commodities to allow commodity circulation on the 

M.I.T Time Commodity 

Exchange

M.I.T Time Asset 

Exchange

Third Party Digital Currency Exchange Platforms

2. Introduce high-quality 

time exporters

2. Introduce mature 

time commodities

3. Export time 

commodities

3. Bring in 

audience by 

celebrity 

effects

4. Purchase TNB 

as the instrument 

for transaction and 

settlement

1. Purchase TNB 

as the instrument 

for transaction 

and settlement

5. Exchange time 

commodities

6. Receive 

payment

7. Monetize TNB

3. Produce 

time asset

5. Exchange 

time assets

1.Bookkeeping

/Proof-of-stake

/Search

M.I.T

4. Purchase TNB 

as the instrument 

for transaction and 

settlement

7. Monetize 

TNB

5. Exchange 

time assets

Time Exporters Time Demanders Investors

Eco-cooperation partners & 

operators of time 

commodities and assets

Others

Operators

1.Bookkeeping

/Proof-of-stake

/Search

1.Bookkeeping

/Proof-of-stake

/Search



 

 8 

 

market. Meanwhile, time exporters with strong social impact will attract fans and 

followers from elsewhere to the platform in order to boost transaction activity. As 

the next step, M.I.T will then convert time commodities to time assets to enter 

trading activities on M.I.T time asset exchange. 

2.5 Time demanders and time investors alike, are only entitled to conduct 

transactions of time commodities or time assets by possessing certain amount 

of TNB, which could primarily be acquired from third party exchanges. 

Throughout the evolvement, the increasing number of time demanders and 

investors will undoubtedly promote the demand for TNB, forming an enormous 

TNB buy-side market. When total demand for TNB exceeded the supply in 

circulation, TNB’s value will be pushed up to create large investment proceeds 

for both M.I.T investors and TNB investors.  

2.6 Time demanders and time investors will be able to purchase time commodities 

and assets on M.I.T time commodity exchange and M.I.T time asset exchange 

respectively to materialize the commodities or gain investment profits. 

2.7 By referring to the smart contract, time exports will be able to receive payments 

in legal tender or TNB. TNB could be easily converted to real-time gains via third 

party digital currency exchange platforms. As the M.I.T time commodity 

exposition platform also serves as entry portals for time demanders, it carries 

operation value. Therefore, time demanders will be able to obtain larger gains by 

exchanging TNB will platform resources and choose to promote themselves.  

2.8 All holders of TNB will be entitled to convert TNB into real-time gains via third 

party digital currency exchange platform. 

 

3. Conclusion 

Solid offline resource integration ability and strong traffic traction power, the two 

greatest strengths of M.I.T, will ensure the rapid formation of the ecosystem. Robust 

development of multi-layers of business will help smoothly generate enormous TNB 

buy-side market. 

 

Our team has extensive experiences in IPO, investment banking, future trading and 

etc. Our expertise spreads out in various operation roles. The know-how kits enable 

us to balance supply and demand relations of the products on different phases, to 



 

 9 

 

ensure healthy and sustainable development of the platform’s ecosystem as well as to 

the largest extent guarantee the interests of early-stage investors. 

 

 

PART 4. TNB DEMAND FORECAST IN M.I.T ECOSYSTEM 

 

The M.I.T team focuses on the resource integration of its platform ecology. Since 

initialization, the team has successfully formed strategic cooperation with Miao’A, the 

most trendy decentralized time commodity exchange platform. 

 

 

Miao’A promises to connect all its core businesses to M.I.T ecosystem. In Miao’A 

Chinese version (CN), TNB will gradually replace Miao’A’s virtual currency. For the 

ready-to-launch international version (int’l), Miao’A will include TNB as the sole trading 

currency. Meanwhile, Miao’A’s existing clients and time commodities will all be 



 

 10 

 

introduced onto M.I.T time commodity exchange. 

 

Based upon Miao’A’s recent operational data, we made the following forecast: 

 

1. Time exports with high-popularity and high-value: 

 Recently on Miao’A CN, 120+ contracted celebrities and entrepreneurs have 

already exported their time commodities, whilst another 100+ contracted 

celebrities and entrepreneurs will soon launch their commodities.  

 On Miao’A Int’l, 10+ A-list international celebrities and entrepreneurs have 

expressed clear willingness for cooperation. 40+ celebrities are in the 

pipeline. It is estimated that GMV of Miao’A Int’l’s debut launch will exceed 

100,000,000 CNY. 

 It is anticipated that the number time exporters on M.I.T will reach 300 by 

the end of 2017, exceed 500 by 2018, amongst which over 50% will be 

comprised of A-list and international celebrities and entrepreneurs. 

 By the end of 2019, number of contracted time exporters is estimated to 

exceed 600, amongst which over 50% will be comprised of A-list and 

international celebrities and entrepreneurs. 

2. Large traffic of time demanders will settle on M.I.T by leverage celebrity effects: 

 By the end of 2017, number of time demanders with transaction records is 

estimated to exceed 100,000. 

 By the end of 2018, number of time demanders with transaction records is 

estimated to exceed 600,000. 

 By the end of 2019, number of time demanders with transaction records is 

estimated to exceed 800,000. 

3. Increasing number of time demanders will give rise to larger demand for TNB, 

which will soon generate a massive TNB buy-side market, pushing up the pricing 

of TNB by making it scarce. Assume that annual regard amount per time demander 

is 2,000 CNY, the total transaction value of M.I.T is estimated to be: 

 

 

Project Series 2017 CN Version 2017 Int'l Version Total 



 

 11 

 

Recharge currency: CNY 1.2 Billion 0.4 Billion 1.6 Billion 

Equivalent of TNB volume 12 Billion 4 Billion 16 Billion 

    

Project Series 2018 CN Version 2018 Int'l Version Total 

Recharge currency: CNY 3 Billion 7 Billion 10 Billion 

Equivalent of TNB volume 30 Billion 70 Billion 100 Billion 

    

Project Series 2019 CN Version 2019 Int'l Version Total 

Recharge currency: CNY 3.6 Billion 8.4 Billion 14 Billion 

Equivalent of TNB volume 36 Billion 84 Billion 140 Billion 

 

Note: Recharge currency is CNY in the figures above. The conversion rate of BTC versus 

TNB BTC will be approximately at: 1 BTC=465,000 TNB. 

 

 

PART 5. BLUEPRINT FOR FUTURE GROWTH 

 

Once M.I.T platform ecology is formed, the platform will be able to cater more ordinary 

time exports besides high-value celebrities and entrepreneurs. There will be an overlap 

between time demanders and exports. As long as an individual’s ability to serve is 

being recognized, he/she will be able to monetize his/her time. M.I.T will thrive to make 

everyone’s time valuable and realize inclusive self-fulfillment for each individual. 

 

By entering this stage, M.I.T could not only serve its cooperative partners and users, 

but also quickly cultivate user habits of utilizing TNB. The applicability of M.I.T will 

enable TNB to cover more consumption scenarios and introduce more potential 

partners to the platform. The demand for TNB will further boost, so will it be for TNB 

trading price, bring along activeness on secondary market and expedite the 

enthusiasm for third market. 

 

 

 

PART 6. TECHNOLOGY FEATURES OF M.I.T 

 

1. The ability to resolve high-concurrent requests 



 

 12 

 

M.I.T platform possesses distinctive incubating ability and operates a To-C business 

model, implying that high-concurrent computing and massive data processing are 

technical necessities. In addition, the operation of M.I.T time commodity exchange and 

M.I.T time asset exchange calls for an underlying ledger with fast proof-of-stake 

capacity. Therefore, after exhausting the applications for various business scenarios, 

M.I.T attempts to optimize its systematic design to deal with high-frequency concurrent 

visits and select the most suitable model for its underlying blockchain technology. The 

platform preliminarily lands on a Grid-based underlying technology, in order to leverage 

the consensus mechanism and side-chain isolation packaging functions that the 

optimized Grid provides. In this way, M.I.T’s technical solutions will be able to face 

potential pressure with dealing high concurrent requests to ensure reliability and 

availability of the platform. 

 

2. Openness and transparency of transaction data 

M.I.T links different cooperative enterprises to its proprietary platform. The transaction 

data should be transmitted across various industries and enterprises, and also stay 

transparent for trading participants. Hence, it is essential that M.I.T selects 

decentralized core underlying ledger system based on the most appropriate public-

chain technology. M.I.T will adopt the data-sensitive multi-signature controlled access 

solution which combines public ledgering to ensure transparency for all the trading 

participants, amounting to justification of the platform and healthy ecological growth. 

 

3. Compatibility with established IT systems of different enterprise partners 

As many enterprises have already established their operating system or APP terminals, 

the design of M.I.T platform ought to fully consider all business scenario applications, 

clearly define interface standards and interaction protocols, to maximize its 

compatibility with established IT systems of the partners in order to reduce customer 

migration risk of and technical risk. 

 

4. Top-level security guarantee 

Concerning commodity trading and transaction, M.I.T takes stringent control over the 

data safety and data compliance. Thanks for the accumulation of financial industry 

expertise, the team carries out thorough and adequate design and planning of the 



 

 13 

 

safety system, aided by blockchain technology properties such as asymmetric 

encryption mechanism, distributed data ledger, smart contract and tampering 

resistance, to form high data safety solution comprised of business management 

standards, technical solutions, R&D and production separation. 

 

5. Excellent scalability 

The future is worth looking forward to, yet difficult to grasp and anticipate. In order to 

ensure that the M.I.T platform, throughout the evolvement, would always be able to 

comply with the most state-of-art business application requirements, the team, since 

its establishment, has taken into consideration high scalability, encapsulation and 

decoupling for each function module by layers and wide application of middleware, in 

order to entitle the M.I.T system with excellent flexibility and scalability. 

 

 

PART 7. GOVERNANCE OF M.I.T 

 

1. M.I.T Foundation as the governing body 

The M.I.T Foundation (hereinafter referred to as “the Foundation”) is the governing 

body of M.I.T which is soon to be established overseas. The Foundation is committed 

to the development, construction and governance of M.I.T, promoting the 

establishment, evolution and formation of the M.I.T ecological community. 

 

In order to avoid divergence in directions, decisions, and even divisions among 

community members, the foundation will shoulder the responsibility to help manage 

general and privileged matters in the community via the establishment of a 

comprehensive governance structure. The goal for governance structure design of the 

Foundation is to maintain the sustainability of the ecological environment, the 

efficiency of decision-making and the compliance of capital management. The 

Foundation exercises its day-to-day authority through the policy-making committee. 

 

In the early days of the establishment, in order to expedite operation of the project, the 

first policy-making committee members will be composed of M.I.T team members and 

representatives of early investors to serve 2-year tenure, after expiration of which 



 

 14 

 

committee members will be re-elected by community voting. The policy-making 

committee will be made up of 7 members, of whom 4 from the M.I.T team and 3 from 

early investors. All decisions are made by implementing the “5 out of 7” multiple-

signature system. 

 

2. Commitment for openness 

By the end of the ICO, the Foundation will regularly announce the latest development 

on the official website to enable early investors, ecosystem participants and end users 

to inquire into each function of stage of the business progress. 

 

In terms of usage of the funding, the Foundation will introduce third party audit firms to 

conduct formal financial auditing and regularly publish audit results, in order to ensure 

openness and transparency of where and how the funding is deployed. 

 

 

PART 8. TEAM INTRODUCTION 

 

1. M.I.T Team 

 

Vincent Lim 

Graduated from National University of Singapore with  

bachelor  degrees in computer science. Former Dell 

executive and expert in data fields.    

 Andrew Wong 

Seasoned corporate executive with more than 30 years 

of Microsoft, Oracle and Akamai. Strong experience to 

develop full business process in a technical company and 

translating the technical terms into commercial value for 

business stack holder. Bachelor degree of Management 

& Economics from Guelph. 



 

 15 

 

 Chris Weilacker 

Served as an investment advisor for a China public 

Holding company, and contributed to the M&As of 2 

companies, allowing the public holding to become the 

only private company to obtain a carrier fiber license; 

Co-Founder of a start-up company providing taxi calling 

service in China; Obtained Bachelor’s Degree in Business 

Management from California Polytechnic University with 

a strong computer science background. 

 Best Liang 

Seasoned corporate executive with more than 18 years 

of sales and marketing management, 10 years as 

executive serving largest IT company in the world wide, 

Open Text, HP and Akamai. Graduated from Harbin 

Institute of Technology (HIT) with bachelor degree in 

computer science. Diploma of Executive Programme 

from China Europe International Business School (CEIBS). 

 

 

2. Investment Board & Advisory Team 

 

 

DFUND 

A leading digital asset capital focusing on top ICO projects, 

initiated by renowned digital currency investors. 

 

 

Charlie Shrem 

Charlie Shrem is a cryptocurrency pioneer having started the first 

Bitcoin company in 2011 BitInstant. After growing BitInstant to 

handle 30% of all Bitcoin trading, Charlie founded the Bitcoin 

Foundation and served as its Vice Chairman in 2013. Since then 

Charlie has built and advised dozens of Blockchain projects 

 



 

 16 

 

 

Matt Branton 

 The distributed computing expert, with over fifteen years of 

experience in payment and trading system design and 

architecture. He was a founding partner at World Financial Desk, 

a high frequency trading firm specialized in fixed income and 

derivative products. An early Bitcoin adopter, he started Coinlock 

for micropayment content delivery and has spent the last five 

years building smart contract, distributed ledger and tokenization 

systems at Ember Financial. He is currently working on the 

synthetic mining system Bitcoineum, and it's decentralized 

derivative platform ACE. 

 

Roy Li 

Celebrated security and IoT expert, founder of the IoT OS Ruff.io, 

Advisor for Master students in Fudan University. Ruff.io was 

funded by Geek Founders, Jinglin Capital and Hike Capital. 

 

 

Raymond Tan 

Celebrated blockchain and big data expert, North American 

Blockchain Association co-founder, 13 years of Microsoft 

experience, Bachelor of Science from FuDan University, Master 

of Science from Duke University, author for "Blockchain 2.0" and 

seven other technical books. 

 

Alex Goh 

Seasoned corporate executive with more than 15 years of sales 

and marketing management, 10 years as executive servicing 2 of 

the largest IT Company worldwide – HP & Dell, Bachelor of 

Commerce from University of Melbourne, Master of 

Management from Macquarie University. 

  

 

3. Investors 



 

 17 

 

  

Aplus Capital 

Renowned investment institute in China 

  

 

Everest Capital 

Renowned investment institute in China 

  

Inke 

The first real-time social networking and live video App, 

dedicating to fan economy investment 

 

  

Shunya International 

A-share list-co, a national lead in communication integration, 

emphasizing on investment in branding and communication 

 

Link Capital 

Focus on global blockchain, crypto currency and investment 

&cooperation of internet financial services 

 

PART 9. TNB ALLOCATION PLAN 

 

Total volume of TNB (hereinafter as "total volume") will be 6,000,000,000 tokens. The 

allocations are shown below: 

 

1. 37% through ICO and replacement 



 

 18 

 

Under the leadership of the Foundation, M.I.T will distribute TNB to the M.I.T 

community via replacement based on the schedule of business development, in 

order to raise sufficient capital to support the business growth. The allocation plans 

are: 

1) 10% for angel investment: 

600,000,000 TNB tokens, representing 10% of the total volume, will be 

assigned to influential investors and strategic investors in the early community. 

The subscription is at minimum 5 BTC and maximum 100 BTC. Total number 

of angel investors will not exceed 199. The Foundation intends to accept the 

replacement from BTC or the equivalent of ETH. Final decision of replaceable 

currency will be published on the official website when the financing round kicks 

off. 

2) 27% for ICO 

1,620,000,000 TNB tokens, i.e. 27% of the total volume, will be assigned to 

investors, major participants, business partners and corporate clients. There 

will be two subscription rounds: 

 First round, i.e. pre-ICO: 300,000,000 TNB, representing 5% of the total 

volume, will be released for early investors and eco-partners in the 

domestic market. 

 Second round, i.e. ICO: 1,320,000,000 TNB, representing 22% of the total 

volume, will be released global investors. 

 

2. 18% through user integration in the ecosystem 

 In order to protect the smooth construction and improvement of TNB pan-

ecosystem, 18% of the total volume will be reserved for the shift from Miao'A 

ecosystem for TNB pan-ecosystem, which corresponds to the existing celebrity 

time value of 98,000,000 CNY (as of August 26th, 2017). Miao'A promises that 

the user shift will take place within 6 months. The non-consumptive portion of 

TNB will be destroyed during the future user integration. 

 Original users from Miao'A will be able to purchase TNB from M.I.T secondary 

market by using its Miao'A balance and trade directly in TNB ecosystem. 

 

3. 20% retained for the founding team and incentive scheme 



 

 19 

 

During the formation of M.I.T ecosystem, the founding team has devoted greatly the 

manpower, intelligence and capital into the project from project design, resource 

integration, business environment incubation and etc. Therefore, the Foundation 

decides to reserve 20% of the total volume as rewards for the team. For this portion 

of TNB, 4% will become liquidated in the beginning, whereas the rest 20% will be 

in lock-up. Starting from the second year of operation, 2% of the total volume will 

be liquidated quarter-by quarter. 

 

4. 25% for routine operation and maintenance 

In order to expedite the construction of the ecosystem keep in order the business 

growth, the Foundation will set aside 25% of the total volume for ecological 

incubation, marketing, business development, legal compliance and so on. The 

allocation specifically includes: 

 20% to incentivize trading customers and potential time demanders. Each 

quarter, 1% of the total share will be released. 

 1% for early special contribution awards. 

 4% for liquidity plan. 

 

Overall, the total allocation plan for TNB is shown as below: 

 

 



 

 20 

 

PART 10. CAPITAL UTILIZATION PLAN 

 

1. R&D: 40% 

As an integrated commercial platform with high-concurrency, high-availability and 

top-safety features, the technical requirements for construction the M.I.T platform is 

massive. In addition, in order to expedite the business ecosystem, it is essential to 

lower the technology barriers of the system. Moreover, continuous input into 

middleware, interface, SDK, add-on development tools, APP and DAPP 

development tools is inevitable. The R&D process will also require large number of 

developers. Therefore, M.I.T will invest considerable amount of capital raised for 

the molding and development of its basic technology platform. 

 

2. Maintenance and security: 15% 

M.I.T time commodity exchange and time asset exchange both require top-level 

security guarantee, which calls for high-standard hardware and safety applications. 

The maintenance and security requirements are in need for specific optimization, 

capital input, as well as scientific management mechanism. 

 

3. Marketing and business operation: 35% 

To construct scalable platform ecology in a relatively short period of time, and 

comply with more payment scenarios of the end users, M.I.T will need diversified 

strategic layout to face the complex business scenarios and different roles in 

ecosystem. As a result, the platform calls for large amount of investment into 

comprehensive marketing and promotion, business development and operation, in 

order to help expedite the ecosystem formation and provide close-loop service for 

end users from the early stage. 

 

4. Capital reserve: 10% 

The Foundation will set aside a small portion of capital for emergency cases and 

other financial expenditure. 

 

Overall, the capital utilization plan is shown as below: 

 



 

 21 

 

 

 

PART 11. DEPLOYMENT & ICO PLAN 

 

1. Deployment Plan 

 In October 2016, the project kicked off and initiated preliminary due diligence, 

conceptual design, business resource development and early-stage validation 

process. 

 On August 26th, 2017, the Whitepaper is officially published. 

 In August 2017, private funding started. Meantime, e-wallet initiation kicked off. 

The e-wallet and TNB will be launched 1 month after the closing of private 

fundraising. 

 The project enters R&D phrase after the success private fundraising. M.I.T 

demo version is expected to be launched in 6 months. 

 M.I.T 1.0 version is expected to be launched after release of the demo version. 

 

 

 

2. ICO Plan 

Capital Reserve
10%

Maintenance and 
Security

15%

Marketing and 
Business 

Operation
35%

R&D
40%

Capital Utilization Plan



 

 22 

 

The Foundation will allocate 1,620,000,000 TNB tokens and intend to accept 

subscriptions in forms of ETH. The actual subscription currency will be indicated on 

the official website when the ICO kicks off. 

 Pre-ICO will start within 1 week after the closing of private fundraising. 5% of 

the total TBN volume will be released on this round. 

 ICO will kick off within 1 month after pre-ICO, 22% of the total TBN volume. 

 

Tentatively, the soft cap for asset replacement value will be 20,000 ETH, whereas 

hard cap will be 66,900 ETH.  

 

The M.I.T foundation has the right to decide whether to advance or postpone ICO 

based on market conditions. In case, for a variety of reasons, the ICO does not get 

started within two years, or the ICO fails, this portion of TNB will be publicly 

destroyed. 

 

 

PART 12. CONTACTS 

 

1. M.I.T Office Website： 

http://tnb.fund 

 

2. M.I.T TELEGRAM GROUP: 

t.me/tnbgroup 

 

3. M.I.T slack: 

http://bit.ly/2ixwF34 

 

4、M.I.T Email： 

contact@tnb.fund 

 

PART 13. RISK AND MITIGATION 

 

Investors should pay attention of the following risks concerning the project: 

http://bit.ly/2ixwF34
mailto:contact@tnb.fund


 

 23 

 

 

1. Compliance and Operational Risk 

Compliance and operational risk refers the situation that M.I.T violates local laws 

and regulations in the process of fundraising funds and business conduct, resulting 

in the discontinuity of the business operation. 

Mitigation: In view of the compliance and operational risk, the hedging methods 

adopted by the operation team are: 

 The operational teams and policy-making committees will take distributed 

operations to diverse and eliminate single point of risk; 

 Engage local professional attorneys where the business operates, design 

digital asset issuance, digital asset transactions, blockchain finance, blockchain 

applications and etc. under the framework of local law. 

 

2. Market Risk 

Market risk refers to the situation that M.I.T does not get recognized and accepted 

by the market, or the user base is too small, resulting in stagnation of the business 

without sufficient profits. 

Mitigation: In view of the market risk, the hedging methods adopted by the 

operation team are: 

 Carefully and accurately identify the market painpoints after one-year down-to-

earth market operation; 

 Share the concept of M.I.T with industry peers and experts, pay reference to 

the operational experience of identical products in order to optimize and 

improve M.I.T; 

 Leverage the founding team's expertise in entertainment, internet and financial 

market to rapidly construct the platform ecology and generate profits... 

 

3. Technology Risk 

Technology risk refers the situation when the major problems with the underlying 

technology occurs, that M.I.T will no longer be able to achieve its anticipated 

functions, and the situation when key data is tampered or lost.. 

Mitigation: In view of technology risk, the hedging methods adopted by the 

operation team are: 



 

 24 

 

 Adopt the proven and well-recognized framework to develop the M.I.T 

ecosystem based on mature, open and secure blockchain technology; 

 Enroll more senior IT experts into the R&D team after sufficient fundraising, to 

solidify the technology foundation, enrich manpower and leverage seasoned 

R&D expertise of more team members. 

 

4. Capital Risk 

Capital risk refers the situation when there will be significant loss concerning with 

the project funding, e.g. stolen of capital, capital loss, substantial depreciation of the 

capital reserve. 

Mitigation: In view of capital risk, the hedging methods adopted by the operation 

team are: 

 Capital reserve is jointly managed by the policy-making committee in the secure 

forms of multi-signature e-wallet and cold storage. Under the "5 out of 7" multi-

signature agreement, the capital reserve will only be exposed to risk when 3 of 

the committee members fail to exercise their duty simultaneously; 

 Enroll more senior IT experts into the R&D team after sufficient fundraising, to 

solidify the technology foundation, enrich manpower and leverage seasoned 

R&D expertise of more team members. 

 

 

PART 14. RISK AND MITIGATION 

 

The document is intended only for the purpose of information communication and does 

not constitute an opinion on the trading of TNB. The abovementioned contents or 

analysis does not constitute to investment decisions. This document does not 

constitute any investment advice, investment intention or investment solicitation. 

 

This document does not constitute or to be interpreted as any act of buying or selling, 

or any invitation to buy or sell any form of securities, nor is it any form of contract or 

undertaking. 

 

Interested users should clearly understand the risk of M.I.T and TNB. Once investors 



 

 25 

 

participate in the investment, the act is to be understood as acceptance of the project 

risks. 

 

 

 

 

  

 


