



































Tokenbox-WhitePaper-En.pages


 thetoken.io Page   of  1 35

White Paper

Version 1.1.7 
November 7, 2017

http://thetoken.io


With the development of blockchain technology and 
the rapid growth of the crypto-currency market, new 
opportunities appear consistently in the field of 
Investment.  

The traditional economy changes its form, new values 
arise in the digital "world" and a significant role in these 
processes is played by decentralised technologies, in 
which cryptocurrencies and digital tokens play a critical 
role.  

Increasingly, they are described as "crypto or digital 
assets". 

Professionals of the crypto market (portfolio managers and traders) are also often not sufficiently open 
to potential investors, as they are afraid of the influence of regulators and do not have a set of 
technical (software) solutions for the most efficient management of funds and interaction with their 
customers. 

That's why we developed the Tokenbox Platform concept - a trust management ecosystem that 
unites investors on the one hand, and crypto-currency funds in the person of professional managers 
and traders on the other. 

 Page   of  2 35

Unique ecosystem for crypto 
investors, Funds and traders.



Table of Contents

1. Introduction 4 ..................................................................................................................................................

2. Market Analysis 5 ............................................................................................................................................

3. Tokenbox Overview 9 ......................................................................................................................................

4. Team and Background 15 ...............................................................................................................................

5. Technical and Legal Description of the Platform 19 ....................................................................................

5.1. The System’s Main Modules 20 .................................................................................................................................

5.2. Development Platform 22 ..........................................................................................................................................

5.3. Infrastructure 22 ............................................................................................................................................................

5.4. Legal Structure 23 ........................................................................................................................................................

6. The Platform’s Tokens and Economic Model 24 ...........................................................................................

6.1. The Purpose of Tokenization 24 ...............................................................................................................................

6.2. The functionality and properties of TBX tokens 24 ...........................................................................................

6.3. The economic model of using TBX tokens 25 .....................................................................................................

6.4. The Platform’s Token Issue Process (Token Generation Event) 27 .................................................................

6.5. Distribution of Funds Collected During the TGE 29 ...........................................................................................

6.6. Tokenbox Operations 30 ...........................................................................................................................................

7. Road Map 31 ....................................................................................................................................................

8. Comparison of Tokenbox with Competing Platforms 33 .............................................................................

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 34...............................................................................................................................

 Page   of  3 35



1. Introduction 
In 2009, Satoshi Nakomoto created a payment system Bitcoin1, based on the revolutionary technology 
of Blockchain, which provided the potential to completely rebuild the Infrastructure of financial 
services worldwide . 1

Blockchain is a journal ("ledger") with records of all the transactions, stored on a set of computers, 
united in a peer-to-peer network (P2P).  

All communications within the network use cryptography to reliably identify the sender and the 
recipient as well as to protect the data. 

The key advantage of blockchain technology is its resistance to falsification of records, because the 
data is stored in a decentralised manner, a potential attacker would need huge hardware resources in 
order to perpetrate a successful attack. 

The Potential applications of Blockchain Technology are diverse: financial services, trade, logistics, 
certification of rights, elements of public administration.  

One of the most promising options for Blockchain Technology is the possibility of creating new crypto 
assets. The Ethereum platform, which operates as a decentralised virtual machine was a key 
technological breakthrough in this direction.  

The Ethereum platform allows you to create and use smart contracts, as well as to release your own 
tokens (crypto assets).  

A smart contract is a program deployed on a detachment that stores and, on the basis of certain 
events, ensures the transfer of valuables within that blockchain. These contract packages can be 
issued as tokens, which can be created with the help of special software code, giving them the 
properties you and other users require.  

Own tokens (crypto assets) can be offered publicly and can be an attractive investment opportunity, 
while performing many functions: settlement, the ownership of shares, voting rights, etc. 
At the same time, it should be noted that Blockchain technology necessitates a wide range of skills 
from users: in the field of general computer literacy, information security, basic understanding of 
investment principles. Created out of the Crypto Market infrastructure, it is diverse (exchanges, 
services for storing crypto assets, media, consultants, etc.), and also fragmented. The knowledge of 
professional cryptology specialists is critical in order to create and develop the infrastructure that 
potential investors and users can trust. 
 

 http://www3.weforum.org/docs/WEF_The_future_of_financial_infrastructure.pdf (10.08.2017).1

 Page   of  4 35

We believe that today, an instrument that can ensure the effective management of private 
and institutional investors' assets on the market and can enable this wider market to enter this 
market, is a necessity. Tokenbox provides this solution.



2. Market Analysis

2. Market Analysis 

At present, more and more investors and corporations are recognising the true potential of Blockchain 
technology, and the crypto-active market  is growing fast in comparison with classical capital 1

markets. In the first six months of 2017, crypto trade on specialised exchanges increased by more than 
10-fold, and in June attained a level of $5 billion, while the total market capitalisation of all crypto-
active assets during this period increased from $18 billion to $110+ billion (see Figure 1 ), representing 
600% growth whilst for the same period, the S & P 500 index grew by only 10% (see Figure 2). 
 

Fig. 1. Dynamics of Cryptocurrency market growth during 2017.  2

 

Fig. 2. Dynamics of the S&P 500 in 2017 . 3

 The cryptocurrency market (cryptocurrency) and tokens.1

 https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/ (01.07.2017).2

 https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/SPX:IND (01.07.2017).3

 Page   of  5 35

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/SPX:IND


2. Market Analysis

A very important characteristic of the cryptocurrency market is the number of its users and the 
development of the corresponding infrastructure. According to the Payspace magazine portal, the 
number of worldwide users who have Bitcoin wallets has reached 41 million. There are nevertheless 
more modest estimates, and an independent study by Coinbase and ARK Invest Research in early 
2017 suggested that more than 10 million people worldwide are Bitcoin owners. Despite this assertion, 
during June 2017, the customer base of Coinbase increased by more than 25%. 

Important data from the report  prepared by the Cambridge Centre for Alternative Finance (CCAF) in 1

the second quarter of 2017, suggests that the number of people actively using cryptocurrencies has 
grown significantly and is approaching the size of the population of a small country: 

• The number of active crypto-currency wallets increased from approximately 0.6 - 2.6 million in 
2013, to 5.8-11.5 million in 2017 "(twenty-six operators of crypto-currency wallets, including 
Airbitz, Armory, Bitgo, Blockchain, Coinbase, Greenaddress, Ledger, Jaxx , Myclium, Samourai 
and Xapo) 

• At least 1,876 people work on a permanent basis in the crypto-currency industry and it is likely 
there are significantly more than 2,000 people, allowing for the fact that the employees of large 
mining pools and other companies do not provide data on their employees. 

• 81% of wallet providers are based in North America and Europe, but these regions account for 
only 61% of users (31% in Europe and 30% in North America). 20% of users live in the Asia-Pacific 
region and another 13% in Latin America. 

Thus, it is already possible to emphasise the development of the cryptocurrency market on a global 
scale. 
By mid-2017, worldwide, there were already over 80 stock exchanges which trade in cryptocurrencies . 2

The rapid growth of this market attracts not only private investors, but an increasing number of 
professional participants. Exchange platforms, brokerage and investment companies and funds seek 
to offer investors access to this market.  

Demand for the services of professional asset managers on the cryptocurrency marketplace also 
offers positive indicators. One good source of information confirming this fact is the Google Trends 
Service. Below is an analysis of queries about relevant topics by users around the world: 
 

Fig. 3. “Crypto fund” search query dynamic. 

 https://www.jbs.cam.ac.uk/fileadmin/user_upload/research/centres/alternative-finance/1
downloads/2017-global-cryptocurrency-benchmarking-study.pdf

 https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/#markets2

 Page   of  6 35



2. Market Analysis

 

Fig. 4. “Cryptocurrency fund” search query dynamic. 

There are various types of funds that already invest in crypto assets (Hedge Funds, Classic ETFs, 
Closed-End Funds, Venture Capital Funds).  

Independent and still a small segment of the market are tokenized funds. The key phenomena here is 
that investors acquire a share calculated by reference to the assets in the fund, implemented through 
tokenized smart contracts. 

Among the first tokenized crypto-currency funds, which have been built according to the Blockchain 
technology and smart contracts, is The Token Fund  (currently operating), Satoshi Fund  (has recently 1 2

announced that it will close in 2019, and has stopped accepting further investment), TaaS  (closed-3

end fund). We believe that it is tokenized funds that implement the principles of decentralisation and 
openness in their activities and will become the leaders in a growing market for professional 
investment management services. 

What are the advantages of tokenized funds? Consider the answer to this question, listing the main 
potential features of tokenized funds: 

Characteristics Description

Class of assets that the 
fund can invest in

Any tokenized assets (cryptocurrencies, token-shares, tokens-
bonds, tokenized rights to raw materials, precious metals, real 
estate, objects of intellectual property) etc.

Period of operation of 
funds

Stipulated by terms of the fund, can be evergreen or with a 
limited investment period and term

Types of funds (investor 
access)

Open, closed, corporate, private

 http://thetoken.io/ (10.08.2017).1

 https://satoshi.fund/ (10.08.2017).2

 http://taas.fund/ (10.08.2017).3

 Page   of  7 35



2. Market Analysis

According to expert estimates, at the beginning of the second quarter 2017, up to 10% of all funds 
invested in crypto assets were investment funds, and according to forecasts, their share in the market 
will continue to grow during the next three years .  1

Types of funds (investor 
category)

Any category of investor, regardless of the amount of 
investment (the restriction to the capacity of the crypto-active 
market itself). The funds can potentially work both with qualified 
investors and with small private investors (retail).

Types of funds 
(management strategies)

Any management strategy (index funds, active management, 
algorithmic trading, arbitrage strategies)

Receipt and return of 
investors' funds

In fiat currencies, cryptocurrencies, tokens

The certification of the 
rights to shares of 
investors in the fund

In the form of fund tokens. 
The value of 1 token is equal to the total value of assets in the 
fund's portfolio divided by the total number of tokens. The 
fund's tokens, being crypto-assets, can be traded in organised 
markets. The security of storing the fund's tokens and the 
authenticity of the transaction history for investors is ensured by 
the technology of blocking.

Automation of the 
process for mutual 
settlements

Receipt of investors' funds, issue of tokens (shares) and reverse 
process of payment of funds are fully automated: payment 
processing is connected with the fund's smart contract. The 
fund commission is also automated with the help of a smart 
contract.

Automation of assets 
accounting in the fund's 
portfolio

The value of assets that are stored on fund accounts, exchange 
(trade) accounts, including funds reserved for execution of 
orders, is calculated automatically. 
The balances are read at addresses (wallets) in the blockchain, 
the actual market prices from the exchanges are automatically 
read.

Automation of reporting 
for customers

Calculation of the actual profitability of each individual client, 
taking into account the history of all its transactions with the 
fund. Automatic generation of reporting on the composition of 
the portfolio, relevant changes, performance indicators related 
to portfolio management.

 https://seekingalpha.com/article/4052276-cryptocurrency-funds-arrived-bringing-wall-street-1
money/ (10.08.2017).

 Page   of  8 35



3. Tokenbox Overview

 
 
The rapid growth of the market, coupled with the emergence of cryptocurrency within 
the legislative framework of an increasing number of countries , has naturally 1

accentuated the demand for professional cryptocurrency managers. 

The above facts reiterate the need for the creation of an ecosystem depending on trust 
management - Tokenbox.  

We have watched this market development keenly, we have participated in its 
development, and now it's time to create something unique. 
 

 

3. Tokenbox Overview 

The Ecosystem 

Tokenbox is a unique ecosystem that brings together crypto-currency funds under the management 
of professional portfolio managers and traders on the one hand and investors on the other. 

Investors are to be granted access to the best strategies for managing funds on the Crypto market 
with a high degree of safety in these processes. Portfolio managers and traders, including professional 
teams, are to receive a ready-made "box" solution for the creation of their own tokenized funds, 
operating professionally, transparently and within the applicable legal framework. The technical 
solutions offered by Tokenbox enable the fund management process and its development in an 
efficient and technologically safe way.  

Thus, investors can make their choice between different legal and audited funds, according to the 
inherent ratio of risk and return. 

 

 Switzerland, Japan, Singapore, England, Finland, Australia, individual EU countries.1

 Page   of  9 35



3. Tokenbox Overview

See Section 7 for an explanation of the planned rollout of Tokenbox functionality and benefits. Not all 
benefits described below will be available immediately upon launch. 

Tokenbox provides the following benefits to fund managers and traders: 

1. Engagement with the Tokenbox site within the relevant legislative infrastructure. Tokenbox is an 
"umbrella" platform hosting funds and traders in a market place format and providing legal 
incorporation functionality for the creation of funds to facilitate the issue of their tokens and their 
trading activities in a legal structure, providing funds and traders with efficiencies to optimise their 
legal spend. 

2. KYC/AML. Tokenbox will perform or arrange for KYC/AML on investors on behalf of funds and 
traders, as well the deployment and use of the requisite data verification systems. 

3. Management of mutual settlements with investors using their own token, on the basis of smart 
contracts. 

4. Access to internal and external liquidity. Using internal liquidity facilitates: 

• Reduction of transaction costs. If it is necessary to conduct separate operations for the 
sale and purchase of assets, funds and traders do not need to pay fees for the deposit or 
withdrawal of funds from the platform's internal accounts to external trading platforms. 
Also, internal liquidity will be provided with a smaller commission, compared to the 
commissions charged by third-party services. 

• Increase the level of security. The use of internal liquidity minimises the volume of crypto 
assets that are temporarily controlled by external services (exchanges). The risks of 
technology crashes and delays in the operation of lock-nets during the transaction period 
are reduced. 

 
External liquidity is provided through access to organised markets (exchanges) with the use of 
corporate accounts available as a consequence of the fund incorporation functionality, providing 
increased transaction limits. 

 Page   of  10 35

A trader decides to launch a fund named "Mark & Robert Coin Fund".  
In this case, a smart-contract is created for their fund, issuing the ERC-20 standard on 
the Ethereum platform.  

Traders have determined that the token should have the ticker "MRCF". 
This token is an analogue of the fund unit, and its value depends on the profitability 
and dynamics of changes in portfolio valuation, not on the number of investors and 
the number of tokens which have been purchased. Investors can purchase the MRCF 
token, store it, transfer it and present it to maturity. Also, tokens can be accessed on 
organised markets - exchanges.



3. Tokenbox Overview

5. Software for investment management. 
We can confirm the 360 degree effectiveness of our software products (they are provided 
optionally depending on the needs of the particular fund or trader): 

• A trading terminal that is adapted to the needs of funds and traders using different 
strategies (portfolio investment, algorithmic trading, arbitrage operations, active intraday 
trading, etc.); 

• Built-in analytical tools (predictive modules, back-testing and forward-testing of 
parameters of trading strategies, sentiment analysis, etc.); 

• Customer Line and Customer Analytics (for example, fund reports, information messages for 
customers, as well as analysis of the dynamics of incoming and outgoing investments, the 
regional affiliation of clients, etc.) 

 

6. Access to the market of ICO-campaigns: centralisation and corporate approach enable the 
purchase of the project’s tokens on beneficial terms (bonuses, discounts and guaranteed 
purchase). Tokenbox plans to provide tokens with access to the platform and also offers 
tokenization, processing, escrow, security audit, legalisation services. 

7. Marketing support within the overall Tokenbox strategy as well as access to a global investment 
community with a substantial number of stakeholders. 

8. A rating system that entitles investors to make a balanced decision while choosing a particular 
fund. The rating system allows even a small capitalisation fund to compete with larger 
participants, having a similar rating. The rating system enables funds to avoid a situation where 
investors anticipate particular result from a fund which actually contradicts their strategy.  
 
For example, the fund’s strategy includes in the portfolio only cryptocurrencies with a total 
capitalisation exceeding $ 5 billion. The investor therefore should not expect transactions involving 
less liquid crypto-assets and, accordingly, riskier investment decisions. 

 

 Page   of  11 35

The technological infrastructure of the future Tokenbox Platform has already been 
developed and is being actively used by The Token Fund. It consists of several main 
modules: 

• smart contracts for the tokenization of funds; 
• processing of receipts of investments and the payment of funds to investors; 
• system for calculation and control of the value of the fund’s tokens; 
• a parser that controls the volume of crypto assets on the balance sheets and 

follows their market value; 

• Individual profitability calculation system for each fund client; 
• a purse for storing ETH and tokens of the ERC-20 standard.



3. Tokenbox Overview

 
Tokenbox provides the following options for private and institutional investors: 

1. A secure, integrated gateway to the banking system for entry into a decentralised economy 
utilising fiat  currencies and classical payment systems. Inside the platform, investors can 1

exchange fiat currencies for cryptocurrencies and tokens, as well as conduct reverse operations. 

2. Multi-currency wallet with the ability to safely store digital assets. The client has the opportunity to 
create a universal wallet for basic cryptocurrencies and tokens. For the convenience of users, there 
are two types of wallets for clients: 

• "Lite" wallet: in this version of the wallet, the keys are stored on the platform itself with the 
user's consent; 

• "Professional" wallet: when utilising this type of wallet, the keys are stored by the user. 

 Fiat currencies: USD, EUR, CHY, CHF, etc.1

 Page   of  12 35

Currently, various development teams are working on projects related to advanced 
decentralised services for exchanging cryptocurrencies and tokens.  

In the future such systems will allow the creation of a different ecosystem of trust 
management which will be able to manage investors' funds without acquiring the right 
of temporary "possession".  

The Tokenbox team monitors the emergence of new technological developments and 
intends to offer users the most advanced tools.

What types of funds can be created on the Tokenbox platform?  

As well as Crypto-Currency Funds, the following types of funds can also be created: 

• investment funds with active portfolio management (analogue - Mutual fund); 
• index funds, including a token traded on the exchange (analogue - ETF); 
• funds which follow active trading strategies, including Algotrade, robotised 

trade.



3. Tokenbox Overview

3. Multi-level Security System :  1

• All funds and traders, registering in the system as asset managers, are required to undergo 
due diligence; 

• Best practises in the field of computer security, crypto active storage technologies are 
applied; 

• A regular audit of the security system is conducted with the involvement of industry-
leading consultants and experts; 

• Fund managers and traders do not acquire the right to "own" the assets of a fund and can 
only create "light" wallets to access client funds (with the storage of access keys on the 
platform) for the purposes of settling trades, and all assets managed by the traders are 
owned by the incorporated fund entity or entities and may be held in safe custody by a 
third party custodian under the direction of Tokenbox. 

4. The “rating system” and the "advisory" service that support the investor’s decision in selecting the 
appropriate investment fund on Tokenbox platform. 
 
The main criteria for the rating system: 

• profitability of the strategy (retrospective for the selected period, shown at different market 
phases, etc.); 

• risk management (classification of assets, share of capital for the transaction, maximum 
drawdown for the selected period, etc.); 

• a description of the strategy (transparency, credibility, history of strategy implementation). 
The "Advisory" service will run iteratively optimised algorithms using investor selected parameters 
to inform the investor of the optimum criteria for choosing a fund, according to the size of the 
investment, investment period, experience, risk appetite etc. 

 

 Security is one of the key strategic benefits supported by the Tokenbox team.1

 Page   of  13 35

The "Advisory" service will run iteratively optimised algorithms using investor selected 
parameters to inform the investor of the optimum criteria for choosing a fund, 
according to the size of the investment, investment period, experience, risk appetite 
etc. 

An additional means of protecting the interests of investors will be a built-in risk 
management system. Tokenbox platform is independent of funds and traders and it is 
intended that the built-in risk management system will be a pre-trade compliance 
system which verifies proposed trades against limits pre-specified by the fund and 
prevents funds or traders from making transactions that contradict the adopted 
strategy (if such limitations are provided in the framework of the fund's 
implementation).  

Thus, the Fund's investors can be confident that the fund chosen by them follows the 
adopted strategy that clients consider optimal in the ratio of risks and potential 
returns. 



3. Tokenbox Overview

5. Convenient, modern and intuitive interface. Tokenbox provides mobile, desktop and web versions 
for various operating systems. 

6. Access to ICO-campaigns for investors. Tokenbox is an open platform and projects conducting 
ICO/ITO/TGE post the data about the project in order for the platform users to participate. 
 
Investors have the ability to invest in ICO/ITO/TGE as well as to buy coins/tokens of projects, 
including from reserved volumes (guaranteed acquisition at a convenient time for the investor). 

 Page   of  14 35

If you are interested in the details of the technical implementation of this project, we 
suggest that you refer to Section 5 "Technical description of the platform".  

 
In the next section we examine the team's experience and competence to implement 
a project of the proportions of the Tokenbox Platform.



4. Team and Background

4. Team and Background 

The Tokenbox team has experience in successfully launching projects in the field of investment 
management in crypto assets. The current team activity: The Token Fund and CryptoTrader — a 
popular application from Zerion. 
 

The Token Fund  is a tokenized investment fund that allows investment in cryptocurrencies and tokens 1

of a decentralised economy. The management of the fund, mutual settlements with investors and the 
system of controlling the actions of portfolio managers on the part of investors are managed using the 
technology of blockchain and smart contracts. 

All processes within the fund are transparent, and can be audited through Smart Contracts on the 
Ethereum platform, the source code of which is publicly available, as well as the provision of special 
software. Participants join the fund by purchasing tokens issued by a smart contract upon receipt of 
investment and shares. The fund itself works by analogy with classic Mutual Fund, investing in a wide 
range of quality crypto assets. Return on investment is automated and there is no minimum or 
maximum entry threshold for investors. 

The Token Fund was officially launched on March 24, 2017, and the capitalisation of assets under the 
management of the fund now exceeds $ 2 million, with a first quarter US dollar yield exceeding 227%.  2

A majority of the Fund's clients are from Europe, the Middle East as well as other regions of the world. 
Currently, the fund does not operate with customers from the United States. 
 

Zerion  (formerly EtherionLab) is a fast growing fintech company specialising in the creation of 3

applications based on blockchain (including DApps). The Zerion team has extensive knowledge in the 
field of programming and experience in developing smart contracts on the Ethereum platform. The 
team has successfully provided technical and organisational support to the following projects: Waves, 
TrueFlip, Humaniq, Po.et. 

The company entered the ICO market in 2015, assisting with the ICO platform Waves. 

While developing the project, we also realised that the solution of such ambitious tasks requires the 
involvement of leading experts in such areas as: 

• legal and licensing; • investor relations; • information and cyber security; • big-data and machine learning; • verification of customer data (KYC & AML). 
The advisory council of the Tokenbox Platform includes well-known experts with a deep 
understanding of these modern technologies. 

 http://thetoken.io/ (7.07.2017).1

 Information taken from the site https://thetoken.io/ as of July 23, 2017.2

 https://zerion.io/ (7.07.2017).3

 Page   of  15 35



4. Team and Background

  

Viktor Shpakovsky 
Managing Partner 

Co-founder and Managing Partner at The 
Token Fund. Co-founder of the Digital360 web 
development agency. 

facebook.com/shpakovskycom

  

Dmitry Shmakov 
Marketing Director 

Has deep experience in marketing and related 
industries. ChronoPay — VP Marketing and 
Business development, Rambler Internet 
holdings — Communications Director, 
International Media Group — CEO, Goodwin 
Augmented Reality — CEO. 

linkedin.com/in/dshmakov

  

Alexey Bashlykov 
Technical Project Manager 

Co-founder of Zerion. Partner at The Token 
Fund. Ethereum Developer with extensive 
experience. 

facebook.com/abashlykov

  

Vladimir Smerkis 
Managing Partner 

Co-founder and Managing Partner at The 
Token Fund. Managing Partner at 
brandship.me. Ex-deputy vice-president for 
international development at Mail.ru Group. 

linkedin.com/in/smerkis 

  

Eugene Yuryev 
Head of Product Design 

Co-founder of Bikelane Studio, Miami, one of 
the leading firms in creating visual identities 
and app UI's for the largest sports companies 
and rapidly growing financial start-ups. 

linkedin.com/in/deusdictum

  

Igor Doganov 
Chief Analytics Officer 

Fund Manager at The Token Fund. More than 10 
years of experience in the capital markets. 
Began his career at the investment company 
Finam, becoming the head of the regional 
training centre. Certified appraiser, worked at 
the mortgage division of Bank Otkritie. 

facebook.com/igor.doganov 

 Page   of  16 35

https://www.facebook.com/shpakovskycom
http://brandship.me
https://www.linkedin.com/in/smerkis/
https://www.facebook.com/igor.doganov
https://www.facebook.com/abashlykov
https://www.linkedin.com/in/deusdictum
http://www.linkedin.com/in/dshmakov
http://brandship.me
https://www.linkedin.com/in/smerkis/
https://www.facebook.com/shpakovskycom
https://www.linkedin.com/in/deusdictum
https://www.facebook.com/igor.doganov
https://www.facebook.com/abashlykov
http://www.linkedin.com/in/dshmakov


4. Team and Background

  

Aleksandr Volkov 
Lead Backend Developer 

Full-stack developer and software engineer 
with more than 10 years of experience, 
including project developments for the energy 
sector. Certified PHP and cryptography 
engineer. 

facebook.com/avolkov85

  

Wulf Kaal 
Advisor (Blockchain Tech) 

Leading expert at the intersection of law, 
business, and technology. Associate Professor 
at the University of St. Thomas School of Law. 
Director of the Private Investment Fund Institute 
(PIFI).  

facebook.com/wulf.kaal

  

Chris Abel-Smith 
Head of Supervisory Board 

20 years experience representing Western 
Interests in Russia. Currently he provides 
advisory services to Private Equity groups which 
have  included: Resultat Ltd., Varuna-Partners, 
Financial Gazette etc. 

linkedin.com/in/chris-abel-smith 

  

Sergey Rastorguev 
Front-End Engineer 

Experienced front-end engineer focused on 
single-page web applications powered by 
React. Solves uncommon problems and 
simplifies complex things with the help of new 
methods. Worked with leading companies, such 
as Art. Lebedev Studio. 

linkedin.com/in/sergey-rastorguev 

   

Pavel Salas 
Advisor (Fintech) 

The Head of the regional division of eTorro. 
Gained the extensive international business 
experience developing operations of Alpari 
and GKFX in Latin America, and held position 
of Vice President of the OTC markets sales and 
development for Alfa Bank. 

linkedin.com/in/pavel-salas-14423512

  

Chris Skinner 
Advisor (Fintech) 

On the Advisory Boards of many companies 
including Innovate Finance, Moven and 
Meniga, and has been voted one of the most 
influential people in banking by The Financial 
Brand, a FinTech Titan (Next Bank). 

linkedin.com/in/cmskinner 

 Page   of  17 35

https://linkedin.com/in/cmskinner
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pavel-salas-14423512
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergey-rastorguev
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergey-rastorguev
http://www.facebook.com/avolkov85
https://www.linkedin.com/in/chris-abel-smith-a416271/
https://linkedin.com/in/cmskinner
https://www.facebook.com/wulf.kaal
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pavel-salas-14423512
https://www.linkedin.com/in/chris-abel-smith-a416271/
https://www.facebook.com/wulf.kaal
http://www.facebook.com/avolkov85


4. Team and Background

  

Vadim Koleoshkin 
Advisor (Product Development) 

Hi-tech entrepreneur and software engineer. 
B.S. and M.S. in Business Informatics w/ honours 
from National Research University Higher 
School of Economics (Moscow). Co-founder of 
Jufy Projects (more than 100 successful 
corporate projects). Co-founder of the fintech 
company Zerion (powering ICOs around the 
globe). 

linkedin.com/in/vadim-koleoshkin 

   

Elie Galam 
Advisor (Finance) 

Advisor at Bancor. Mathematician and 
alternative Investments expert, Chief 
Investment Officer of the Eastmore Group. 
Considered one of Wall Street most 
influential crypto investors. Was a Portfolio 
Manager for Two Sigma investments, a 40 
Billion dollars quantitative hedge fund.  

linkedin.com/in/elie-galam-85414b3

  

Elena Masolova 
Advisor 

Founder at Groupon Russia, Pixonic, Eduson 
and AddVenture Fund. Elena was named 
among Top-30 internet entrepreneurs by 
Forbes. 

linkedin.com/in/masolova

  

Ilya Sachkov 
Advisor (Cybersecurity) 

Founder and co-owner of one of the largest 
private companies in the field of computer 
security Group-IB, a member of the global 
rating of Top-7 companies, affecting the 
information security. Member of expert 
committees in Council of Europe and the OSCE 
in the field of cybercrime. 

linkedin.com/in/ilyasachkov 

 Page   of  18 35

https://www.linkedin.com/in/elie-galam-85414b3/
https://linkedin.com/in/ilyasachkov
http://www.linkedin.com/in/vadim-koleoshkin
https://www.linkedin.com/in/masolova/
http://www.linkedin.com/in/vadim-koleoshkin
https://www.linkedin.com/in/elie-galam-85414b3/
https://linkedin.com/in/ilyasachkov
https://www.linkedin.com/in/masolova/


4. Team and Background

5. Technical and Legal Description of the Platform 

A key feature of the Tokenbox platform is "transparency", providing API access for other developers. 
Ecosystem partners can trace operations of the internal API’s and interactions of its structural 
elements and modules. After conducting a security audit the client code will be available in 
OpenSource. 

 

 Page   of  19 35



4. Team and Background

5.1. The System’s Main Modules 

1. Investors 
2. Funds and traders 
3. Due Diligence 
4. Payment processing 
5. API for trading 
6. Analytics 
7. Tokenization 
8. The Repository 

1. Investor 

• General API for the platform’s clients. Own clients are built on this API and plugged in 
external integrations. App building available using open APIs based on the Tokenbox client 
base; 

• For investors, a KYC/AML procedure is being implemented by various partners; 
• For investors, there is also the opportunity to securely backup private keys outside their 

own account on the platform, and then import them into the platform;  

• The registration process will be available for mobile and WEB platforms, as well as 
specialised programs for PCs and laptops; 

• Third-party integrated sources will be able to transmit user registration data via encrypted 
communication channels, according to pre-established parameters which match the 
created user account identity codes. 

2. Funds and traders 

• Funds and traders access to the platform is provided through the web interface and 
personalised trading terminal (Windows / Mac OS); 

• For all funds and traders, multiple authorisations are created in order to protect investors' 
funds; 

• Each object interacting within the ecosystem acquires its unique API identifier. This means 
that the action of each user — whether an investor or a trader — can be traced. A 
characteristic feature of the system is the assignment of APIs to internal contracts 
regulating the interaction between them. Thus, the probability of erroneous transactions, 
illegal actions on the part of the fund or trader is reduced. The mutual relations of 
participants in the system become strictly regulated, understandable and "transparent" for 
each of the parties. 

 Page   of  20 35



4. Team and Background

3. Due Diligence 

• Due Diligence is conducted by Tokenbox and its advisors and service providers in order to 
identify and review regulatory issues; 

• Information provided by partners in the Due Diligence process can be treated 
confidentially and is stored outside the platform. Only the results of such verification will be 
publicly available to participants of the ecosystem;  

• The main instrument for maintaining the “interest” of investors and funds and traders as 
well as creating a favourable trading environment is Due Diligence, checking all 
documentation received from investors and funds and traders, monitoring their compliance 
with the declared requirements. The verification process is not clearly established, and is 
subject to constant review, with the result that DD requirements may change over time. 
Each change of this kind will be documented. 

4. Payment processing 

• Developed payment processors for different cryptocurrencies; 
• A gateway for PCI DSS cards is being developed; 
• Processing of the settlement of fiat currency transactions is not directly related to the 

Tokenbox system, and will be processed by third-party payment processors that comply 
with international information security standards and regulatory requirements. 

5. API for trading 

• The platform provides a unified API for working with various exchanges;  
• Transactions can be made on the internal exchange with a clearing product; 
• Trading robots, being an active trading tool, also receive their API and interact with traders 

within the system.  

6. Analytics and risk management 

• The analytical engine for the platform has been created using SnowPlow ;  1
• Logging of all transactions is open and periodically recorded on the block account; 
• The built-in analytics module will also be responsible for rating traders and funds, 

considering the many different indicators characterising the trader's/fund's success, their 
experience, success trend according to different time intervals, etc.; 

• Research to develop and implement an internal risk management system has commenced. 

 https://snowplowanalytics.com1

 Page   of  21 35



4. Team and Background

7. Tokenization 

• For the tokenization (transfer of the Fiat and cryptographic currencies into tokens), the 
activities of the funds of traders use smart contracts based on “Solidity” ; 1

• These contracts deduct the commission from operations on the "parent" contract of the 
Tokenbox platform; 

• A set of smart contracts is open and available for public audit. 

8. The Repository  

• All private keys are placed in a separate storage behind the contour of the platform, which 
allows to guarantee a higher degree of their safety; 

• Access to the storage is regulated by PCI DSS standards; 
• Investors' funds, excluding daily liquidity, are stored on multi-signature purses behind a 

closed loop. 

5.2. Development Platform 

The platform is based upon a set of microservices written in Python/Java. Separate interfaces to allow 
interaction between each group of Users and partners of the system are utilised. Tokenization of all 
funds occur on Platform Ethereum based on the ERC-20 token. 
 
 

5.3. Infrastructure 

The infrastructure of the platform is built using Amazon Web Services. The description of the 
infrastructure uses Docker containers. The databases and their replications are built using PostgreSQL 
and Elastic Search. 

 

 https://solidity.readthedocs.io1

 Page   of  22 35



4. Team and Background

5.4. Legal Structure 

The Tokenbox platform is owned and operated as a web-based marketplace by a company 
controlled by Tokenbox LLC. 

Tokenbox will offer traders an out-of-the-box solution for incorporating a fund entity via a pull-down 
service hosted on Tokenbox supported by a third party incorporation service provider, or in an 
alternative currently being considered, access to segregated cells of a licensed Tokenbox company to 
use as their fund entity, if they are not incorporated before coming to the platform.   

The funds issuing tokens via the Tokenbox platform will be required to be compliant with relevant 
regulations pertaining to operating and issuing securities in collective investment schemes.  In some 
jurisdictions this will require the funds to hold the appropriate license or to have a relationship with a 
licensed fund administrator.  For example, we expect that the funds issuing tokens via the Tokenbox 
platform will be regarded as Alternative Investment Funds for the purposes of the Alternative 
Investment Funds Directive in the European Union.  The funds will be responsible for issuing disclosure 
documentation supporting the issue of their own tokens to a level that complies with the information 
disclosure requirements for collective investment schemes in the relevant jurisdictions.  Tokenbox will 
supply compliant template material to assist with this process, as part of its out-of-the-box solution.   

Subject to the development road map set out in Section 7, Tokenbox will either contract with a third 
party provider of Alternative Investment Fund management, and offering, services, or develop its own 
licensed capability to support the offering by funds and traders of tokens via the platform.   

TBX, which gives access to the platform functionality, will be issued by Tokenbox LLC. The currency and 
fund tokens attributable to the Reserve Pool (as described in Sections 6.2 and 6.4) will be held by 
Tokenbox LLC in a dedicated wallets. 

 Page   of  23 35



6. The Platform’s Tokens and Economic Model

6. The Platform’s Tokens and Economic Model 

6.1. The Purpose of Tokenization 

The experience that our team has accrued through the development of The Token Fund, opens up 
opportunities to enhance and streamline the business processes for crypto funds and related 
investment activities. 

We invite partners and investors to join the Tokenbox ecosystem by participating in the Token 
Generation Event (hereinafter - TGE). 

6.2. The functionality and properties of TBX tokens 

TBX tokens are utilised on the platform, thereby providing funds and traders with 
access to the Tokenbox operations as described below. 

This methodology for utilising a TBX token can best be attributed to several “rules”: 

1. A fund or trader who wishes to operate their own fund on the platform and take advantage of all 
the facilities provided, acquires TBX tokens and deposits them on the platform. These funds in the 
TBX format, are placed in the portfolio managed by the fund or trader and are valued in the 
portfolio like any other assets; 

2. Any fund using the platform is required to maintain 5% of all assets in its portfolio in TBX. For 
example, a fund or trader plans to invest $1 million of assets through the Tokenbox platform. In this 
case, the fund must deposit and include at least $ 50,000 in the TBX portfolio, which represents 
5% of the entire portfolio value; 

3. The value of all assets of the fund (including TBX) for compliance with this ratio is calculated in US 
dollars; 

4. The value of assets in the fund's portfolio fluctuates over time as the value of market assets also 
fluctuates, according to the transaction volume of incoming and outgoing funds from other 
investors. At the same time, TBX tokens should be constantly present at all times in the portfolio of 
any fund on the platform, representing at least 5% of the fund's portfolio valuation. This principle 
ensures that all operational assets of the platform can be used. In the event that TBX share in a 
portfolio drops below 5%, the fund will reject investments until the TBX share again equals or 
exceeds its 5% threshold; 

5. Funds can acquire TBX tokens on stock exchanges in order to meet the TBX 5% threshold. It is also 
possible to reduce the TBX share to 5% if the price of TBX increases, raising its value in the total 
portfolio of the fund. 

This model for utilising platform tokens has several useful aspects: 

1. Funds and traders can accurately determine how many TBX tokens they should purchase in order 
to access the Tokenbox infrastructure; 

 Page   of  24 35



6. The Platform’s Tokens and Economic Model

2. TBX token demand reflects the level of platform development, as well as the dynamics of the 
number actual ecosystem token users; 

3. TBX token manipulations are complex. On the one hand, managers and traders are interested in 
lower TBX price, which allows them to take advantage of the platform's functionality at a lower 
price. One the other hand, undervaluation is counterproductive, because a lower valuation limits 
the amount of assets available for management. 

TBX token is a utility-token that provides access to the platform’s operation.  
TBX liquidity can also be supported by the Platform’s Reserve Fund. In order to 
understand this source, kindly refer to the distribution plan for funds that are attracted 
during TGE (see Section 6.5). 

6.3. The economic model of using TBX tokens 

In order to estimate the quantity of TBX tokens that can be effectively used  on the Tokenbox platform, 
we have created  a “predictive economic model”  based on the overall volume of the investment on 
cryptomarket. 

In order to achieve this, we have assessed the crypto-currency market capitalisation. The optimum 
level achieved in September 2017 has been adopted as the “base indicative level”, and we believe 
that this value (=±$ 172 billion) may well  be exceeded even in 2017. 

The cryptomarket’s growth rate  according to our  first year forecast is thus calculated according to 
the dynamics of 3 previous periods with similar trends, and this indicates an average growth rate of 
342% per annum. We have furthermore reduced our annual market capitalisation growth rate by 50%. 
We believe that this assumption is justifiable, because when any market sector "matures" one  should 
not expect historic growth rates to prevail. 

We have developed an  approach to test this hypothesis based on the comparative analysis of the 
crypto market and the Bitcoin price in 2020.  

Many predictions have been made regarding this, and out approach has this been based upon  
statistical information. If the growth trend of the bitcoin price, which has been prevalent for seven 
years, continues, this leading crypto currency will have revalued up to  =±$250,000 by 2020 and the 
Bitcoin market capitalisation will exceed 4 trillion dollars. Thus, even when we reduce the forecast 
growth rate of  bitcoin by  50% or more, we believe that our  conclusions are following a logical trend. 
 

 Page   of  25 35

2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

0,7%

0,2%
0,1%

0,3%

1,1%

0,3%

0,8%0,8%



6. The Platform’s Tokens and Economic Model

Fig. 5. Bitcoin average DAILY value change. 

Market share  of  funds and professional traders is a critical aspect that also needs careful 
consideration in relation to the entire cryptomarket.  

Conservative estimates suggest that in 2018 that their share  will exceed 10% of the overall market . 1

Currently there is no crypto-platform available that can provide professional fund managers and 
traders a ready-made solution with which they can create their own tokenized cryptofund. 

 Tokenbox actually provides this solution.  

The Tokenbox  team possesses the necessary knowhow and experience after successfully launching  
and operating  The Token Fund, and unlike most competitors, we are ready to offer technical solutions 
to the traditional investment market.  
This positioning should ensure that Tokenbox platform will maintain a realistic market share of at least 
1%. 

The Tokenbox project started to evolve at the stage of market formation, and in our opinion, this 
competitive advantage justifies the growth rate that we forecast for the Tokenbox platform. 

Key Market Indicators 2017F 2018F 2019F 2020F 2021F

Cryptocurrency 
market cap., MM USD

172 300 761 566 2 063 844 3 828 430 5 465 084

Growth rate of C-
market, %, Y-to-Y

342% 171% 86% 43%

Tokenbox Highlights

Share of tokens & 
cryptocurrencies 
under management 
of funds, %

10% 12% 15% 18%

Assets (crypto-
currencies) under 
management of 
Funds (AUM), MM USD

76 157 247 661 574 265 983 715

 https://seekingalpha.com/article/4052276-cryptocurrency-funds-arrived-bringing-wall-street-1
money/

 Page   of  26 35



6. The Platform’s Tokens and Economic Model

6.4. The Platform’s Token Issue Process (Token Generation Event) 

TGE is conducted by a company Tokenbox LLC incorporated in the jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands. 

Token generation process (ticker - TBX) is organised using a smart contract on the Ethereum platform. 
Thus, TBX is a token of the ERC-20 standard and can be stored by investors using different wallets and 
services.  

The TGE is planned on the basis of a limited release (Issue). 

In total, no more than 31,000,000 TBX will be released. The total number of issued tokens is dependent 
on the amount invested. The total number of tokens after the TGE cannot be increased. 

Growth rate of AUM, 
%, Y-to-Y

225% 132% 71%

Tokenbox market 
share, %

0,00% 1% 3% 5% 8%

AUM on Tokenbox 
platform, MM USD

762 7 430 28 713 78 697

TBX share in portfolios 5% 5% 5% 5%

 Page   of  27 35



6. The Platform’s Tokens and Economic Model

The cost of 1 TBX for investors at all stages of the TGE  
is 1 USD 

 

The release of TBX tokens and their delivery to the wallets of the TGE participants is made within 10 
days after the completion of the TGE. Representatives of The Token Fund and Zerion are monitoring 
the smart contract and the addresses, to which the collection of cryptocurrencies  are made, using 
multi-signatures. It is also planned to attract escrow agents. 

Token acquisition is possible using crypto-currency: BTC and ETH. 

The Token TBX will be quoted on several cryptocurrency exchanges  and will have market pricing. 1

 Each quote will be announced by our analysts.1

 Page   of  28 35

Token sale

5%

75%

20%

Bounty

Team



6. The Platform’s Tokens and Economic Model

6.5. Distribution of Funds Collected During the TGE 

The TGE is planned in total to 
attract no more than 
20,000,000 USD of investors' 
funds. 
  

30% 
Investments to connect the first fund managers 
and the formation of the Reserve Pool 

Funding of up to 6,000,000 USD will be sent as 
initial investments to the funds selected by the 
Tokenbox team. These funds (traders) undergo 
due diligence. Funds are recruited based on the 
characteristics of the strategy employed and its 
associated risks. 

It is planned to select up to 10 funds with 
optimally diversified strategies. These 
investments should also be considered as the 
marketing costs necessary to attract 
professional management partners to the 
Tokenbox platform.  

Organisation and launch of the first funds on the 
platform contribute to the rapid growth and 
development of the user community.  

Thus, the first partners Tokenbox (funds and 
traders) have the opportunity to receive 
significant management funds at the start of 
the platform (alpha version). 

Please contact us if you would like to become 
one of the first Tokenbox funds. 

30% 
Development 

Back-end, template smart contracts, web-
interface for the platform, trading terminal, 
mobile and desktop applications. 

15% 
Marketing 

Attraction of investors and funds to the site. 

20% 
Team and project’s founders 

Including the costs of research work. 

5% 
Legalisation 

Company registration and appropriate licensing 
procedure. 

 Page   of  29 35

Development

Team and 
founders

Legalisation

5%

15%

30%

30%

First partners and 
reserve fund

20%

Marketing

mailto:partnership@tokenbox.io
mailto:partnership@tokenbox.io


6. The Platform’s Tokens and Economic Model

6.6. Tokenbox Operations 

Fig. 6. Operating Model 

Funds and traders in the Tokenbox ecosystem may charge certain commissions: 

1. The fee for "entry" (for example, 2% of the invested funds is charged as a commission); 
2. Payment for "withdrawal" (for example, 2% of funds withdrawn by the investor from the fund are 

charged as a commission); 
3. Management fee (for example, 2% per annum on the net asset value of the fund's portfolio, 

collected in equal shares during the year); 
4. Fee for successful management (for example, an annualised 20% of the profit received after a 

month or a quarter is deducted as a reward); 
5. Combinations of options 1-4. 

Part of the commission charged by the funds is utilised as the operating income of the platform 
Tokenbox. Another source of Tokenbox's revenue will be  the provision of internal liquidity to funds and 1

traders at a regressive rate (for example 0.25%), depending on the volume of the transaction. External 
liquidity (exchanges) is provided according to the retail commission size. 

 Upon development of Tokenbox later stages, see Section 71

 Page   of  30 35

Amount of funds managed by the selected funds is dependent on the initial funds 
raised and made available for investment out of the Reserve Pool as indicated above. 
The revenues and assets of these funds, if necessary, can be used to maintain the 
liquidity of TBX tokens, as well as to extend the functionality of the Tokenbox platform.  
The Reserve Pool will own tokens issued by the selected funds via the Tokenbox 
platform. Trading by the initially selected managers is anticipated to generate revenue 
for the "Reserve Pool" during the alpha version of the platform. Primary purpose of the 
Reserve Pool is the provision of commercial support for the creation of the Tokenbox 
ecosystem.



7. Road Map 
 

 Page   of  31 35

TGE (crowdsale) 
November 2017

Listing on exchanges 
December 2017

• Tokenbox platform launch 
• New partners and investors 

on the platform 
Q3 2018

• Internal risk management system 
• Mobile and desktop applications 
• Customer analytics module 
Q4 2018

7.

• Registration and licensing 
• Multi-currency wallet 
• Trading terminal for Fund 

managers 
• KYC module 
• Payment processing for fiat 

currencies 
Q1 2018

Alpha- & Beta- versions  
of the Tokenbox platform: 

• Tokenbox platform web-interface 
• Tokenization for Funds 
• Parsing system and back-end 
• Built-in analytics tools 
• Rating System 
• ICO marketplace 
• Own licensed capability for Funds 

and Traders on the platform within 
the "umbrella fund" (sublicense) 

• Investments for selected partners 
(funds & traders) 

Q2 2018



 

 Page   of  32 35

$3 000 000 

• Registration and licensing • Multi-currency wallet • Trading terminal for fund managers • KYC module • Payment processing for fiat currencies

$10 000 000 

• Tokenbox platform web-interface • Tokenization for funds • Parsing system and back-end for funds • Built-in analytics tools • Rating System • ICO marketplace • Own licensed capability for funds and traders on 
the platform within the "umbrella fund" (sublicense)

$20 000 000 — Full Functionality 

• Formation of the Reserve Pool • Internal risk management system • Mobile and desktop applications • Customer analytics module

Tokenbox Platform will develop according to the pace of investment.



8. Comparison of Tokenbox with Competing Platforms 

Currently, there are at least two known blockchain projects seeking to create an ecosystem that unites 
investors and funds in the Crypto Market: Melonport and ICONOMI. 

Project Tokenbox ICONOMI Melonport

Tokens Utility Token  
(access to the 
platform's 
functionality)

Token-share 
(weekly dividends, 
voting rights)

Application’s Token 
(access to the 
platform's 
functionality)

Integrated 
Wallet

ICO 
Marketplace

Fund/Trader 
Registration

Fund/trader passes 
mandatory due 
diligence

The decision on 
registration is made 
by ICONOMI (the 
criteria for which 
are not disclosed)

Only Melonport 
owners can create 
a fund

Fund/Trader 
Tokens

Fund/Trader 
Status

Acts legally on the 
platform (the Platform 
is a multi-fund)

Legally not 
connected with the 
platform

Legally not 
connected with 
the platform

Rating System 
for Funds

Integrated 
Analytic 
Instruments

 

 

 

  

 

  

  

  

 

  

 Page   of  33 35



LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
IT IS RECOMMENDED THAT YOU REFER YOUR QUERIES TO YOUR OWN 
PROFESSIONAL LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISERS. 

The information set forth above does not imply any contractual relationship and may be incomplete.  The 
information is subject to continual updates and we are not obliged to give you any notice of the fact or content of 
any changes. 

While we make every effort to ensure that all data submitted in the White Paper is accurate and up to date at the 
point in time that this version has been disseminated, the proposed document is no alternative to consulting an 
independent 3rd party opinion.  

Tokenbox LLC, its directors, officers, employees and associates do not warrant or assume any legal liability arising 
out of or related to the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of any material contained herein. 

Persons who intend to purchase TBX should seek the advice of independent experts before committing to any 
action, set out in this White Paper.  

You do not have the legal right to participate in Tokenbox digital asset public sale if you are a citizen, a resident of 
(tax or otherwise), or a green card holder of the United States of America (including Puerto Rico, US Virgin Islands, 
and any other protectorate of the United States), Singapore, People's Republic of China or other representatives of 
the United States, Singapore, or the People's Republic of China or any jurisdiction whether the issue of TBX would 
be illegal or subject to any requirement for registration, licensing or lock-up.  

"A representative of the United States, Singapore, People's Republic of China" means - a naturalised person 
resident in any of those jurisdictions or any institution, organised or registered in accordance with the laws of any of 
those jurisdictions. US citizens living abroad may also be deemed "US representatives" under certain conditions. 
According to the laws of the United States citizens of the United States living abroad can also be considered as 
"US Representatives" under certain conditions. 

The regulatory status of tokens and distributed ledger technology is unclear or unsettled in many jurisdictions. It is 
difficult to predict how or whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulation with respect to such 
technology and its applications, including the Tokenbox platform and TBX. It is likewise difficult to predict how or 
whether legislatures or regulatory agencies may implement changes to law and regulation affecting distributed 
ledger technology and its applications, including the Tokenbox platform and TBX. Regulatory actions could 
negatively impact the Tokenbox platform and TBX in various ways, including, for purposes of illustration only, 
through a determination that the purchase, sale and delivery of TBX constitutes unlawful activity or that TBX is a 
regulated instrument that requires registration of TBX itself, or the licensing of some or all of the parties involved in 
the purchase, sale and delivery thereof. The Tokenbox platform may cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event 
that regulatory actions, or changes to law or regulation, make it illegal to operate in such jurisdiction, or 
commercially undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction. 

Because TBX and tokenization of all funds (Fund Tokens) is based on the Ethereum protocol, any malfunction, 
breakdown or abandonment of the Ethereum protocol may have a material adverse effect on TBX or Fund Tokens.  
Moreover, advances in cryptography, or technical advances such as the development of quantum computing, 
could present risks to TBX, Fund Tokens and the Tokenbox platform, including the utility of TBX or Fund Tokens, by 
rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins the Ethereum protocol. 

As with other decentralised cryptographic tokens based on the Ethereum protocol, TBX and Fund Tokens are 
susceptible to attacks by miners in the course of validating TBX or Fund Token transactions on the Ethereum 
blockchain, including, but not limited, to double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, and selfish-mining 
attacks. Any successful attacks present a risk to the Tokenbox platform, TBX and the Fund Tokens, including, but 
not limited to, accurate execution and recording of transactions involving TBX or Fund Tokens. 

Hackers or other malicious groups or organisations may attempt to interfere with the Tokenbox platform, TBX or the 
Fund Tokens in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of service attacks, 
consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. Furthermore, because the Tokenbox platform is 
based on open-source software, there is a risk that a third party or a member of the Tokenbox team may 
intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure of the Tokenbox platform, which 
could negatively affect the Tokenbox platform, TBX or the Fund Tokens. 

 Page   of  34 35



www.tokenbox.io

http://tokenbox.io
http://tokenbox.io

	Introduction
	Market Analysis
	Tokenbox Overview
	Team and Background
	Technical and Legal Description of the Platform
	The System’s Main Modules
	Development Platform
	Infrastructure
	Legal Structure
	The Platform’s Tokens and Economic Model
	The Purpose of Tokenization
	The functionality and properties of TBX tokens
	The economic model of using TBX tokens
	The Platform’s Token Issue Process (Token Generation Event)
	Distribution of Funds Collected During the TGE
	Tokenbox Operations
	Road Map
	Comparison of Tokenbox with Competing Platforms
	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

