






















 

 
 

A Decentralized Peer-to-Peer Media Editing, 
Transcoding & Distribution Platform 

The Transcodium Team​ (​info@transcodium.com​) 
       ​        (Company registration number: 10975962, United Kingdom) 

https://transcodium.com 
 
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY 
 
PLEASE REVIEW CAREFULLY THE PRESENT SECTION “DISCLAIMER OF        
LIABILITY”. IF YOU HAVE ANY DOUBTS AS TO WHAT ACTIONS YOU           
SHOULD TAKE, WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU CONSULT WITH YOUR         
LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). ​No        
part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated           
without including this section “Disclaimer of Liability”. 
 
The sole purpose of this Whitepaper is to present Transcodium Ltd. and            
TNS tokens to potential token holders in connection with the proposed           
Token sale. The information is provided for INFORMATION PURPOSES         
only. It may not be exhaustive and doesn’t imply any elements of a             
contractual relationship or obligations. Despite the fact that we make every           
effort to ensure the accuracy, up to date and relevance of any material in              
this Whitepaper, this document and materials contained herein are not          
professional advice and in no way constitutes the provision of professional           
advice of any kind. Further, Transcodium Ltd. reserves the right to modify            
or update this Whitepaper and information contained herein, at any          
moment and without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by any           
applicable laws, regulations and rules, Transcodium Ltd. doesn’t guarantee         
and doesn’t accept legal responsibility of any nature, for any indirect,           
special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort,           
contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income            
or profits, and loss of use or data), arising from or related to the accuracy,               
reliability, relevance or completeness of any material contained in this          
Whitepaper. Further, Transcodium Ltd.  does not make or purport to make,           

1 

mailto:info@transcodium.com
https://transcodium.com/


 

and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in any          
form whatsoever to any entity, person, or authority, including any          
representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy          
and completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. You             
should contact relevant independent professional advisors before relying        
or making any commitments or transactions based on the material          
published in this Whitepaper. 
 
This Whitepaper is not subject to any legal system and is not governed by              
any law. No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the             
information set out in this Whitepaper, and no such action has been or will              
be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any           
jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this        
Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory         
requirements or rules have been complied with. 

You don’t have the right and shouldn’t buy TNS tokens if you are (i) a green                
card holder of the United States of America, or (ii) a citizen or a resident               
(tax or otherwise) of the United States of America, Puerto Rico, the Virgin             
Islands of United States, or any other possessions of the United States of             
America, Singapore, People’s Republic of China or South Korea, or person of            
that states, or (iii) a citizen or resident (tax or otherwise) of any country or               
territory where transactions with digital tokens and/or digital currencies         
are prohibited or in any other manner restricted by applicable laws.           
(“Person” is generally defined as a natural person residing in the relevant            
state or any entity organized or incorporated under the laws of the relevant             
state). Purchased tokens cannot be offered or distributed as well as cannot            
be resold or otherwise alienated by their holders to mentioned persons. It            
is your sole responsibility to establish, by consulting (if necessary) your           
legal, tax, accounting or other professional advisors, what requirements         
and limitations, if any, apply to your particular jurisdiction, and ensure that            
you have observed and complied with all restrictions, at your own expense            
and without liability to Transcodium 

 
TNS tokens are not and will not be intended to constitute securities, digital             
currency, commodity, or any other kind of financial instrument and have           
not been registered under relevant securities regulations, including the         
securities laws of any jurisdiction in which a potential token holder is a             
resident. This Whitepaper is not a prospectus or a proposal, and its            
purpose is not to serve as a securities offer or request for investments in              
the form of securities in any jurisdiction. However, in spite of the above,             
legislation of certain jurisdictions may, now or in future, recognize TNS           

2 



 

tokens as securities. Transcodium Ltd. does not accept any liability for such            
recognition and\or any legal and other consequences of such recognition          
for potential owners of TNS tokens, nor provide any opinions or advice            
regarding the acquisition, sale or other operations with TNS tokens, and the            
fact of the provision of this Whitepaper doesn’t form the basis or should not              
be relied upon in matters related to the conclusion of contracts or            
acceptance investment decisions. This Whitepaper doesn’t oblige anyone to         
enter into any contract, to take legal obligations with respect to the sale or              
purchase of TNS tokens, and to accept any crypto currency or other form of              
payment. Potential owners of TNS tokens are advised to contact relevant           
independent professional advisors, on the above matters. 
 
Certain statements, estimates and financial information contained herein,        
constitute forward-looking statements or information. Such      
forward-looking statements or information involve known and unknown        
risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events or results to differ            
materially from the estimates or the results implied or expressed in such            
forward-looking statements. Further, all examples of calculation of income         
and profits used in this Whitepaper were provided only for demonstration           
purposes or for demonstrating the industry's averages. For avoidance of          
doubt, nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a              
guarantee, promise, representation or undertaking as to the future         
performance of Transcodium Ltd. and/or TNS token, and/or promise or          
guarantee of future profit resulting from purchase of  TNS token. 
 
TNS tokens cannot be used for any purposes other than as provided in this              
Whitepaper, including but not limited to, any investment, speculative or          
other financial purposes. TNS tokens confer no other rights in any form,            
including but not limited to any ownership, distribution (including, but not           
limited to, profit), redemption, liquidation, property (including all forms of          
intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights, other than those           
specifically set forth below. While the community's opinion and feedback          
can be taken into account, TNS tokens do not give any right to participate in               
decision-making or any direction of business related to the Transcodium          
Ltd. service.  

English language of this whitepaper is the primary official source of           
information about the TNS tokens, any information contained herein may          
from time to time be translated into other languages or used in the course              
of written or oral communications with customers, contractors, partners         
etc. In the course of such translation or communication some of the            
information contained herein may be lost, corrupted or misrepresented. In          

3 



 

the event of any conflicts or inconsistencies between such translations and           
communications and this English language of Whitepaper, the provision of          
this English language of whitepaper as original document shall prevail. 

By continuing reading this whitepaper, you confirm that you have 
read, understood, accepted, and agreed with, the above section 
"Disclaimer of Liability". 
 

 

ABSTRACT 

Transcodium aims to provide the first peer-to-peer blockchain based and          
decentralized media transcoding, editing and distribution platform with        
high quality and reliable computational power at a very affordable price.           
This will create a global market for users, willing to rent their idle machines              
to be used as workers (miners). Further, at the end of the transcoding             
process, the worker (processor) will be rewarded with the TNS token. 
 
Transcodium started as medianap in 2015 with a visual cloud transcoding           
and media editing platform, but went out of business due to the high cost of               
cloud servers, we could not compete with the existing platforms and had to             
switch to another business. In 2016, our team decided to look into the             
project again but this time using the blockchain and decentralization          
technology. Unlike the previous platform, Transcodium’s network will be         
fully automated without human intervention. ​Click here to try our product           
or ​Click here to track our existence since 2015 
 
Transcoding is the process of converting from one file format to another 
desirable and compatible format.  Before your favourite social media 
platform or streaming site such as YouTube or Netflix makes a video 
available to you, they need to convert this video into multiple formats in 
order to support different devices such as smartphones, laptop and desktop 
computers, TVs and more, since each of them have different capabilities. 
Some videos might even fail to play over a slow internet connection, these 
type  of videos  will also need to be converted into a lighter format for a 
smooth streaming. 
 
Workers are idle devices on the network waiting to process a transcoding 
request. 
 
Initiators are customers or users who needs their files to be transcoded or 
converted into another format. 

4 

https://proto.transcodium.com/
http://web.archive.org/web/20150405014815/http://medianap.com:80/


 

 
Processors, this is a collective term denoting master nodes and workers. 
 

The global video streaming software market size is 
expected to grow from USD 3.25 Billion in 2017 to USD 

7.50 Billion by 2022  
1

 
Transcodium will tackle all the 3P’s (Privacy, Pricing, and Processing          
Power) in an instance, there will be no limit on how much processing             
power Transcodium will be able to generate from its network.          
Transcodium network will be available to its target customers in a more            
cheaper price than the current market price.  
 
Transcodium's unique algorithm will enable the conversion of media files          
in a supersonic speed by splitting large media files into very tiny chunks             
and thereafter will be encrypted, compressed and sent to workers (idle           
devices) to process. Due to the lightweight of each chunk, these tasks will             
be transferred and processed at a very fast speed, even smartphones will            
be capable of processing them. Tokens will be rewarded to any worker who             
completes its task before the allocated timeout. 
 

Do You Know: 87% of online marketers use video content  
2

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

1 https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2017/03/08/video-marketing-statistics 
2 https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2017/03/08/video-marketing-statistics 

5 



 

TABLE OF CONTENT 
 

01. Introduction 4 
 

02. Identified Problem 5 
 

03. Outlined Solutions 6 
 

04. General Structure 6 
 

05. Transparency 9   
 

06. Proof of Stake 9 
 

07. Proof of Conversion 9 
 

08. Workers 10 
 

09. Customers 10 
 

10. Developers 11 
 

11. Open Source  12 
 

12. Transcodium Token ( TNS ) 12 
 

13. Token Sale 13 
 

14. Token Distribution 14 
 

15. Bonus & Discounts 16 
 

16. Funds Allocation 17 
 

17. Team 18 
 

18. Roadmap 20 
 

19. Risk Factors 21 
 

 
 

6 



 

INTRODUCTION 

Recently, the world has seen a remarkable improvement in the media           
industry, i.e. from video advertising to media streaming, however, due to           
the high cost of cloud transcoding services, it has been very challenging for             
startups and companies on a low budget who needs these services. 
 
Since the emergence of cloud technology, the transcoding industry has          
grown at a very large scale. We are well known to companies like Netflix,              
Amazon Prime, Vimeo, Youtube, and e.t.c, who transcodes terabytes of data           
on daily basis, investing a large amount of their revenue on media file             
conversion. The current report also predicts that, by the year 2019, the            
transcoding market will grow by ​15 percent CAGR globally​, which reflects           
a huge scope to flourish.  
 
The concept of transcoding has always been limited to the conversion of            
video and audio files, however, it has the larger extent to take any type of               
file like PDF, HTML, Word Document and converts it into any possible            
preferred format.  
 
Transcodium will provide APIs, Console and GUI Applications for         
customers to aid in a rapid transcoding process. Before processing starts           
for each transcoding request, the initiator (customer) will be provided with           
the estimated cost for approval, once approved, the initiator's wallet will be            
debited for the processing to commence. 
 
The file transcoding process includes two parties, master nodes, and          
workers. Master nodes receive the transcoding request, they then split          
large media files into chunks when necessary, encrypts these chunks and           
forward them to workers. 
 
Workers, on the other hand, are responsible for converting the file into the             
new format. Any device can be a worker, but not a master node. A master               
node must have a faster processing power and a strong internet           
connection. A master node can also serve as a worker simultaneously.           
Master nodes are rewarded with 20% of the transcoding cost whilst 80% is             
shared amongst the workers. The master nodes are also responsible for           
joining the chunks when needed. 
 
Multiple master nodes may process the same request for the sake of data             
loss. Master nodes have another opportunity to earn from the distribution           

7 



 

of the final output to multiple social media or storage platforms which the             
initiator (customer) will be charged for. 
 
 

Did You Know: One-third of online activity is spent watching 
a video.  

3

 

IDENTIFIED PROBLEMS  

With the current cloud transcoding platforms, the following problems and          
limitations were identified: 

● Cloud transcoding platforms are too expensive and are scaring away          
startups, who require their services. Existing companies have to         
spend more than half of their income just for processing these media            
files, which is not encouraging. 

● Long processing time due to limited hardware. Cloud transcoding         
platforms has a hard limit on hardware, therefore, all the files to be             
processed are queued, until their time is due for processing, which           
causes frustrations on the customer’s side waiting for processing. 

● Due to the centralized nature of the platform, a server outage or            
downtime can cause failure of the whole transcoding process wasting          
time, money and resources. 

● Most transcoding platforms are limited to only media file formats,          
making it very difficult to convert other formats such as images and            
documents formats. 

 

OUTLINED SOLUTIONS TO THE PROBLEMS 

Here are the proposed solutions to the problems above: 
● The blockchain and decentralized technology model enables the        

provision of a cheaper and reliable alternative to cloud transcoding. 
● Due to the unlimited processing power, all thanks to the workers, 

files will be transcoded in a very fast speed, eliminating long queues 
and waiting time.  

● A single transcoding request will be processed by multiple nodes and 
workers, so the outage of one node or worker will have no effect on 
the process, making it more efficient and time-saving. 

3 https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2017/03/08/video-marketing-statistics 

8 



 

● Transcoding will not be limited to audio and videos only, but also 
other file formats such as images and documents. 

 

Did You Know: By 2019, internet video traffic will account 
for 80% of all consumer Internet traffic  

4

GENERAL STRUCTURE 
The integrity will be maintained by the proof of conversion. To get the             
reward, the peer has to submit a proof of conversion before the assigned             
timeout else the network will mark the task as aborted. Human interaction            
is not required for completion of the entire transaction.  
 
The transcoding process starts when a master node receives a request from            
the initiator, the master node will then analyze the file, split large media             
files into smaller chunks, encrypt them and distribute them to idle workers            
with instructions.  
 
These chunks will be so small that they will be transferred to the worker in               
a little amount of time even on a slow internet connection. Due to the little               
size of this chunk, smartphones will be capable of processing them. 
 
Data transfer between the master node and a worker will have an end to              
end encryption for maximum privacy and security. 
 
The workers will process the file based on the instruction attached to the             
file or chunk. After the processing is done, the worker will send the             
processed file or chunk to the master node to join if required.  
 
The master node will then execute its final task by exporting the output to              
it destination. Multiple destinations are supported. The first destination         
will always be free, but an additional destination will attract a fee which             
will be rewarded to the master node. 
 
The pricing system on the Transcodium network is maintained by the TNS            
regulation. The TNS regulation is an autonomous algorithm which brings          
balance between processors and initiators thereby making both parties         
happy. 
 

4 https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2017/03/08/video-marketing-statistics 

9 



 

Workers periodically send updates to the master nodes about their status,           
this information sent includes their processing power, internet speed,         
conversion time and device information. The TNS regulator uses this          
information together with proof of stake and other factors to randomly           
select idle workers for processing data. This also enables the network to            
group workers based on their performance. 
 
Initiators have the free will to select from a price range of $0.006 to $0.01               
per minute for an SD quality video output and $0.008 to $0.020 per minute              
for an HD video quality output. Prices may be subject to change in the              
future due to the following but not limited reasons such as: network            
growth, total capacity/load, etc. 
 
Non-video files such as audio will have the price range of $0.006 to $0.001              
per minute of output. 
 
Files such as images and documents (PDF, word and etc) cannot be            
measured in time (minute), so they will be measured according to their size             
in megabyte. A megabyte of a file will have the price range of $0.006 to               
$0.01 per output unit. 
 
To enable fairness on the network, the highest paid task will be assigned to              
the best performing workers to help provide the initiator value for the            
money paid. 
 

10 



 

 
 
The image above explains the operation of a master node and workers on             
the Transcodium network. 
 
 
 

Did You Know: 100 Million Hours Of Facebook Videos Are 
Watched Every Day  

5

 
 

TRANSPARENCY 

The use of smart contract will enable transparency on the network, vital 
information such the file duration, the amount the initiator was charged 
and the amount paid to workers will all be on the public ledger. Customers 
and workers can always check how much they have been charged or paid 
respectfully for a specific task on the network. 
 

5 https://www.feedough.com/powerful-statistics-and-facts-for-facebook-marketers/ 

11 



 

PROOF OF STAKE 

To achieve a better-decentralized consensus, the Transcodium network        
employs the proof-of-stake type of algorithm where workers are randomly          
selected based on their wealth and age of account. This helps in selecting             
workers with quality processing power thereby saving time and money. 
 

PROOF OF CONVERSION 

The proof of conversion agreement between the master node and a worker            
states that, a worker has to complete its task within the given time range              
to receive the reward, during processing of data, the worker sends progress            
update to the master node, the worker must complete processing the data            
before the assigned timeout else the network will mark the task as aborted             
or inactive and will award that same task to the next available idle worker. 
 
A dynamic timeout is set on all transcoding activities based on the            
performance of the worker and the size of data to be processed. The             
contract pays a worker after a successful transcoding and submission of           
file. A task is deemed completed after the processed file is uploaded and             
verified by the master node. The proof of conversion will be backed by a              
smart contract. The proof of conversion together with the proof of stake            
makes the TNS regulation which is responsible for making a smart random            
selection of workers and bringing balance between initiators and         
processors. 
 

Did You Know: Per day users spend 100M Hours watching 
Netflix  

6

WORKERS 

Workers are idle devices responsible for processing data on the network.           
Any device with an internet connection and capable of installing our           
application can be a worker. A worker can earn more rewards if it has              
higher specifications such as a multi-core device or GPU based devices. 
 
Once a device installs the Transcodium app, it becomes part of the            
Transcodium network, an initial device assessment will be made to help           
rank the device as part of the TNS regulations. 

6 https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2017/03/08/video-marketing-statistics 

12 



 

 
After a successful task, workers are rewarded with 80% of the total amount             
paid in TNS token whilst 20% goes to the master nodes responsible for             
processing the final output and distribution. 
 
 
 

Did You Know: Every minute 12 Hours of music uploaded to 
SoundCloud  

7

CUSTOMERS 

Transcodium network will enable customers to avail unlimited processing         
power in a very cheap compensation for the task. Customers will be able to              
select a price from the range of prices provided by the TNS regulation, the              
higher the price the faster the file conversion and vice versa.  
 
Customers or initiators will have three types of interface to ease the            
conversion process: 
 

1. An API interface to help developers integrate into their projects or           
apps, 

2. The command line interface will be for basic functionality and  
3. The advanced visual studio media editing app for complex media          

editing needs.  
 
The customer can select where to export the file after processing,           
destinations such as Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, SFTP, Amazon AWS,         
Google Drive and etc will be supported. Multiple destinations are          
supported. The first destination is always free, other subsequent         
destinations will attract a fee which will be rewarded to the master node             
processing it. 
 
Before processing of any file commence, the application will compute the           
total cost for the initiator to approve, once approved, the initiator’s wallet            
will be debited. The debited amount will be refunded if processing fails. 
 
Customers will need the TNS token in order to pay for any transaction on              
the network. 
 

7 https://expandedramblings.com/index.php/soundcloud-statistics/ 

13 



 

 
 

Did You Know: Average number of monthly Dailymotion 
video views is 3.5 Billion  

8

DEVELOPERS 
Transcodium will provide SDKs & APIs for using or accessing data on the             
network. Developers can build their own software or service around it. 
 
Use Case 1: Developers building media conversion software can take a           
great advantage of services on the network such as providing their           
software’s users with the ability to export their output to multiple           
destinations such as YouTube, Facebook, Dailymotion and etc. 
 
Use Case 2: Using the Transcodium network, developers can build a           
complex video and audio editing tools with advanced features which in           
most cases will take forever to be processed on user's computer or            
smartphone.  
 
 

OPEN SOURCE 
At Transcodium we believe in openness and transparency, we support the           
open source idea, all of our developments will be made available to            
everyone on our GitHub repository ( ​https://github.com/transcodium​ ). 
 
Open sourcing our project will help promote innovation. We will welcome           
contributions from anyone who wishes to improve the project. To show           
how serious we care about this, we recently open sourced the cloud version             
which was a proprietary project. 
 

TRANSCODIUM ( TNS ) TOKEN 

TNS token is an ERC-20 compliant Ethereum based token which is designed            
to work on Transcodium network. The token will be a mean of payment             
within the network.  
 

8 https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2017/03/08/video-marketing-statistics 

14 

https://github.com/transcodium


 

The total supply of the TNS token is 120 million and has a maximum of 18 
decimal places. This is a fixed supply and will not decrease or increase, the 
decision of the total supply was made by the Transcodium team and 
founders.  
 
 
EACH TOKEN OFFERS THE FOLLOWING RIGHTS TO ITS HOLDER: 
 

1. Right to transaction 
 

Each token holder holds the right to send or receive tokens between 
one to another. Tokens can also be sent to the third party to a 
supported digital wallet.  
 

2. Right to services 
 

Each token holder holds a right to get the services made available by 
the company for the token, such as media transcoding, file 
distribution etc. 
 

 
 

TOKEN SALE 

Transcodium intended to use funds received during TNS token sale for 
further development of the project, payment of salaries and future 
expenses. This will help accelerate development and also enable the team 
to work full time with total commitment.  
 
During TNS token sale, purchasers will be provided with the TNS token 
within two weeks after the end of Token sale; provided, that this term 
maybe extended due to unforeseen circumstances. Payment method will be 
in Bitcoin, Ethereum, or Litecoin or other currency (cryptocurrency) as 
may be additionally introduced by the Transcodium. 
 
The TNS token may be  used as a medium of payments for services on the 
Transcodium platform and other Transcodium based products. After  token 
sale & distribution, the TNS token will have an immediate usage on the 
cloud transcoding platform until the the decentralized version of the 
transcoding platform is completed.  
 

15 



 

The cloud transcoding platform will stop working after the decentralized 
transcoding platform is completed and has started production, users and 
token holders together with their TNS token balance will be migrated to the 
new decentralized platform automatically to continue usage. 
 
All funds received from the sale of TNS tokens will be placed in escrow and 
will be released to the Transcodium after distribution of TNS tokens to 
purchasers 
 
The presale starts on January 7th, 2018 and ends on February 28th, 2018. 
During this period early purchasers will be given a discount of 30% for the 
first 5,710,000 tokens to be sold. 
 
Any unsold tokens after presale will be moved to the main Token sale and 
will have the same bonus terms as the main Token sale. 
Moreover, all the remaining tokens meant for sale after the main token sale 
will be burned or destroyed.  
 
Purchasers will be refunded if the soft-cap is not reached after the main 
Token sale. The smart contract will handle all refund operations to 
purchasers who contributed using Ethereum, for non-Ethereum 
purchasers, we will manually send the refunds to the addresses from which 
we received the funds. 
 
Tokens reserved for team members will be locked until 3 months after 
main Token sale. Also, team members will receive only 25% of their tokens 
after every 3 months interval. 
 
 
 
 

16 



 

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION 

 

    TOTAL SUPPLY: 120,000,000 
❖ ​Token Sales (72%) 
❖ Bonuses, Discounts and Token sale expenses (4%) 
❖ Advisors & Partners (4%) 
❖ Bounty (1%) 
❖ Team Members (10%) 
❖ Marketing (Present & Future), Provision of trial accounts for customers 

and platform testers. 
 
Token Type: Ethereum ERC-20 Compliant  
Price Per Token: ​$0.376 (without discount/bonus) 
Minimum Purchase: 100 TNS - $37.6 
 

17 



 

 

BONUS & DISCOUNTS 

Presale 

No. of tokens Offer Price 

5,710,000 30% $0.263 USD 

 

Token sale 

No. of tokens Offer Price 

6,680,000 20% $0.300 USD 

22,190,000 10% $0.338 USD 

25,220,000 5% $0.357 USD 

26,600,000 0% $0.376 USD 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

18 



 

FUNDS ALLOCATION 

 
 

SOFT CAP:  $500,000 
HARD CAP : $30,000,000 

❖ ​Project Development (50%) 
❖ ​Company Expansion To Other Countries (3%) 
❖ Marketing & Brand Awareness (20%) 
❖ Operational Expenses (15%) 
❖ Legal & Insurance  
❖ Miscellaneous Budget 

 
 
 

 
 

19 



 

TEAM  
 

 
 

CEO / CO-FOUNDER 
 

Jeetendra Kumar 
 

A cryptocurrency investor &    
enthusiast, as an angel investor,     
Jeetendra has helped many    
startups such as medianap from     
an idea stage to production stage,      
He knows when to invest and also       
works hand in hand with team      
members to achieve the goal.  
 
Profiles: 
Linkedin  

 
 

CTO / CO-FOUNDER   
 

Razak Zakari  
  

With his vast knowledge in     
programming languages such as    
Java, Kotlin, Python, PHP, Javascript     
& Nosql Databases, Razak has     
worked on projects ranging from     
small to large scale in size such as        
geetmp3.com, medianap.com &   
playslack.com. He also designed the     
architecture for the cloud version of      
this product.  
 
Profiles: 
Linkedin  
Stackoverflow 
Github 

 
 

BLOCKCHAIN EXPERT / 
CO-FOUNDER   

 
Abhishek Tiwari 

   
Abhishek has 9 years    
experience as a backend    
developer, frontend designer &    
a blockchain expert. As a     
blockchain enthusiast, He   
helped built the blockchain    
based Dapp for a global rewards      
network called ALLOY at    
Codemojo Limited 
 
Profiles: 
Linkedin  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

20 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeetendra-kumar-0b195560/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/razak-2/
https://stackoverflow.com/users/2015095/razzbee
https://github.com/razzbee/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhishek-tiwari-65a46821/


 

 
 

BACKEND DEVELOPER / 
BLOCKCHAIN EXPERT  

 
Rushio Billings   

 
Rushio has 10+ years    
experience in scaling web    
architectures and building stable    
web systems. Building the first     
Caribbean bitcoin mobile   
ecosystem, Rushio has immense    
knowledge in the blockchain    
space.  
 
Profiles: 
Linkedin  
Stackoverflow 

 
  

 ​SECURITY ANALYST & SERVER 
ADMIN  

 
      ​Parvez Alam  

 
Recognized in the Microsoft    
Security Response Center   
(MSRC) Bounty Program Top    
100 list of 2016 & 2017.He has       
also been acknowledged by    
Google, Sony, Microsoft, Yahoo,    
Alibaba, PayPal, Adobe, e.t.c.    
Parvez has trained more than     
5000+ students by organizing    
seminars & workshops.

 
Profiles:  
Linkedin

 
 

 
   
       MARKETING MANAGER  
  
             Imran Khan   
 
Imran Khan (MBA) has 5+ Years      
of experience in sales & marketing      
both online & offline. He has      
mostly worked with Multinational    
companies which helped him gain     
a lot of international exposure.  
 
Profiles: 
Linkedin 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

21 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/rushio-billings-6541322a/
https://stackoverflow.com/users/3618561/rushio-billings
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pflash-punk-108213a8/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/imran-khan-2ba54640


 

 
ENGAGEMENT  

            COORDINATOR 
 

Rupsa Shea​l  
 

With her love for social media & 
public interactions, Rupsa is 
responsible for Transcodium's 
social media & public 
communications.  

 

 
 
 

ROADMAP 
 

2015 
 

March First Cloud version of platform 
created 

 
2016 

 
January Decision to adopt blockchain & 

Decentralized technology over 
centralized cloud 

April Research & Analysis into the 
blockchain & Decentralization 
technology 

November Drafting of white paper 
 

 
2017 

 

July Company Registration & Legal 
Processing Commenced in UK 

 
 

22 



 

2018 
 
January Token Presale 

March Public Token sale starts  

July Development of wallet (with built 
in  miner) for major platforms 
(Android, Windows & Linux) 

December Development of master node 
application for major platforms 

 
2019 

July First beta testing of platform & the 
provision of fully paid premium 
accounts for token holders, brands, 
startups to try the platform for 1 
month. 

November Production commence for the 
platform 

 
Risk Factors 
 

The purchase of TNS token (hereinafter in this article “Risk Factors”           
referred to as the "Token" or "Tokens") may be associated with a high             
degree of risk. To protect the interests of Tokens’ potential purchasers, the            
Transcodium (hereinafter in this article “Risk Factors” referred to as the           
"Company") team conducted an analysis of such potential risks and          
outlined the result of this analysis in this chapter of the Whitepaper.            
IMPORTANT: THE LIST OF RISK FACTORS DESCRIBED BELOW IS NOT          
EXHAUSTIVE. IN ADDITION TO THE RISKS DISCLOSED IN THIS         
WHITEPAPER, THERE MAY BE EXISTING OTHER RISKS WHICH THE         
COMPANY'S TEAM AT PRESENT CAN NOT REASONABLY FORECAST. These         
risks can materialize in other forms of risk than those specified here. Prior             
to acquiring Tokens, each potential Token purchaser is advised to carefully           
review all the information and assess the risks of such purchase, including            
but not limited to, the risks set forth in this Whitepaper and to decide upon               
purchase of Tokens based on such assessment. 

23 



 

 

1. Technical and technological risks. 
 
1.1. ​Risks of the blockchain​. Tokens are released on Ethereum blockchain.           
In this regard, any malfunction of the Ethereum protocol may lead to a             
restriction in the use of Tokens, and / or to the fact that Tokens or the                
platform will function in an unforeseen manner. 
 
1.2. ​Risk of hacker attacks on the platform, smart contracts, or Tokens​.            
Tokens can be expropriated and / or stolen, by hacking Tokens, or            
otherwise. Hackers or other groups or organizations may attempt to          
intervene in a smart contract or Tokens in various ways, including, but not             
limited to, virus attacks, DDOS attacks, concerted attacks, network attacks,          
and denial of service attacks, and others. In addition, since the Ethereum            
platform is based on open source software, there is a risk that Ethereum             
smart contracts may contain intentional or unintentional errors or         
shortcomings that could adversely affect Tokens or lead to loss of Tokens,            
or loss of access or control Tokens. In the event of such an error or               
weakness of the software, there can be no remedy, and tokens owners are             
not guaranteed any compensation or compensation. 
 
1.3. ​Risk of hacker attack on the computer of tokenholder, or loss of             
passwords / of private keys​. Purchased Tokens can be stored by the            
tokenholder in her\his digital wallet or safe, for which a password, a digital             
key or a combination of digital keys is required. Accordingly, the loss of the              
necessary keys associated with such digital wallet or safe, can lead to loss             
of access to Tokens. In addition, any third party that gets access to such              
passwords and / or private keys (by way of getting (through hacking, or             
negligence of tokenholder) access to login credentials of tokenholders'         
hosting-wallet, or otherwise), will be able to use Tokens of the tokenholder.            
Company  assumes no liability for such losses. 
 
1.4. ​Risk of using new technologies, and changes in technology in the future​.             
Tokens and blockchain are fairly new and relatively untested technologies.          
Although at the moment they have largely proven their efficiency,          
reliability and security, there is no guarantee that in future these           
technologies do not fail in any way. Further, as technological progress           
develops, flaws can be found in these technologies, which flaws will           
prevent their functioning in the way that they function at the moment.            
Finally, there is no guarantee that these technologies will be compatible           
with any new technologies invented in future. In the event of such            

24 



 

incompatibility, use of Tokens and blockchain can be found unreasonable          
and stopped. 
 
1.5. ​Risk of incompatibility of the cryptowallet service​. An electronic          
cryptowallet or wallet service provider that tokenholder has chosen \ will           
choose for obtaining and storing Tokens, must be technically compatible          
with Tokens. Failure to comply with this condition may lead to the fact that              
the tokenholder will not be able to get access to her\his Tokens.            
Tokenholders must independently determine the fact of the compatibility         
of the cryptowallet she\he registered, with the Tokens. Company assumes          
no responsibility for any errors related to wrong determination of the           
above fact. 
 
2. Regulatory Risks. 
 
2.1. ​Risk of regulatory uncertainty​. Regulatory status of cryptographic         
tokens, digital assets and blockchain technology, is unclear or not defined           
in many jurisdictions. It cannot be excluded that such technologies, and, in            
particular, Tokens, will in future become subject to one or more (adopted            
or new) interpretations of laws (or other regulations), court judgments, or           
actions by various regulatory bodies around the world, including, but not           
limited to, the imposition of restrictions on the use or possession of digital             
tokens, such as Tokens. Such changes can adversely affect Tokens in           
various ways, including, for example, by determining that Tokens are          
regulated financial instruments that require registration or compliance        
with other legal requirements and procedures. Company may stop         
distributing Tokens, developing a platform or terminating operations in a          
particular jurisdiction if the actions of regulatory authorities of the relevant           
jurisdiction make it illegal or not commercially viable to proceed. 
 
2.2. Risk ​of inability to obtain, maintain or renew licenses and permits​. As             
of the date of Tokens sale, there are no statutory requirements requiring            
Company to obtain any licenses and permits necessary for the sale of the             
Tokens, but the risk that such legislative requirements may be enacted in            
the future cannot be ruled out. In this event, possibility of sale and further              
use of Tokens will depend on the procedure of issuing such licenses and             
permits, and on compliance with their terms. We cannot exclude that           
requirements of the law will be technically or economically unachievable          
for Company. Company may stop distribution of Tokens, develop a          
platform or terminate operations in a particular jurisdiction in the event of            
economic, technological or other inability to obtain the required licenses or           
permits under such jurisdiction. 

25 



 

 
2.3. ​The risk of governmental action​. The industry of blocking and reversing            
tokens is new, and simply by virtue of novelty can be subject to increased              
supervision and regulatory control, including investigations or       
enforcement actions. There can be no guarantee that the government will           
not study the activities of the parties. All this can be investigated, which in              
turn can have a significant negative impact on Tokens and / or platform             
development. 
 

3. Business risks. 
 
3.1. ​Risk of failure in development​. It cannot be excluded that for various             
reasons, including but not limited to, for reasons of insolvency of business            
or technological strategies or business arrangements, technological       
problems, emergence of new technologies, etc., that the model that          
Company developed and described in this Whitepaper, will not achieve the           
desired functionality, be inoperative, or work in a way different from what            
developers designed it for. Also, we cannot exclude the risk that for these or              
different reasons, development and implementation of the model can take          
longer than Company predicts at the moment, and when the model is ready,             
it will appear to be outdated and\or irrelevant. 
 
3.2. ​Risk of insufficient implementation​. It cannot be excluded that, for           
various reasons, including, but not limited to, for reasons of insolvency of            
marketing strategies, external constraints, or competitors' actions, the        
model developed by Company and described in this Whitepaper model may           
appear to be unpopular and\or unclaimed, lacking use and application. 
 
3.3. ​Risk of dependence on third parties​. Even after the launch, the model             
developed by Company and described in this Whitepaper will rely, wholly           
or partially, on third parties, for adoption and implementation of certain           
functions, as well as for continuing its development, maintenance and          
support. Though above-mentioned third parties are carefully selected by         
Company's team, there is no insurance or guarantee that these third parties            
will do their job properly, or otherwise meet users' needs, and this can             
have a significant adverse impact on the platform. 
 
3.4. ​Risk of loss of cash​. The project described in this Whitepaper, the             
model developed by Сompany, the platform being created, as well as any            
funds collected within the framework of the Token sale described, are not            
insured. In case of failure of the project for any reason, loss of functionality              

26 



 

of the Token or platform, there is no private or public insurance            
representative to whom token holders can apply for reimbursement. 
 
3.5. ​Risk of force majeure​. In the future, there may be extraordinary            
circumstances that Company cannot reasonably anticipate or prevent and         
that may be subject to restrictions or impediments to the operation of the             
Company or Token platform. Company performance may be interrupted,         
suspended or delayed due to force majeure circumstances. For the          
purposes of this Whitepaper, force majeure shall mean extraordinary         
events and circumstances which could not be prevented by Company and           
shall include: acts of nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders,           
industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage or        
other failures of energy supplies or communication service, acts of          
municipal, state or federal governmental agencies, other circumstances        
beyond Company's control, which were not in existence at the time of            
whitepaper release. 
 
3.6. Value of Tokens. Once purchased, the value of Tokens may significantly            
fluctuate due to various reasons. Company does not guarantee any specific           
value of the Tokens over any specific period of time. Company shall not be              
held responsible for any change in the value of Tokens. 
 
4. Other risks. 
 

4.1. Taxes. Token holders are solely responsible for determining if the           
transactions contemplated herein are subject to any applicable taxes         
whether in their home country or in another jurisdiction. It will be the sole              
responsibility of Token holders to comply with the tax laws of any            
jurisdictions applicable to them and pay all relevant taxes. 

4.2. Disclosure of Information. Personal information received from Tokens         
holders, the information about the number of tokens owned, the wallet           
addresses used, and any other relevant information may be disclosed to           
law enforcement, government officials, and other third parties when         
Company is required to disclose such information by law, subpoena, or           
court order. Company shall at no time be held responsible for such            
information disclosure. 

4.3. Risk of Insufficient information. Tokens are at a very early           
developmental stage and its philosophy, consensus mechanism, algorithm,        
code and other technical specifications and parameters could be updated          
and changed frequently and constantly. While the whitepaper contains the          

27 



 

up-to-date key information related to Tokens at the date of the Whitepaper,            
it is not complete nor is final and is subject to adjustments and updates that               
Company may make from time to time. Company is not in a position, nor              
obliged to report on every detail of the development of Tokens and other             
elements of the system presented by Company and therefore will not           
necessarily provide timely or full access to all the information relating to            
the Tokens, but will use reasonable efforts. 

 

 
 

Contacts & Resources 
Email - support@transcodium.com 
Website ​- https://transcodium.com 
Blog - https://blog.transcodium.com 
Facebook - https://facebook.com/transcodium 
Twitter - https://twitter.com/transcodium 
Medium - https://medium.com/@transcodium 
Reddit - https://reddit.com/r/transcodium 
Telegram - https://t.me/transcodium 
Github - https://github.com/transcodium 
 
 

28 

mailto:support@transcodium.com
https://transcodium.com/
https://blog.transcodium.com/
https://facebook.com/transcodium
https://twitter.com/transcodium
https://medium.com/@transcodium
https://reddit.com/r/transcodium
https://t.me/transcodium
https://github.com/transcodium

