








































Microsoft Word - Traxia Whitepaper V2 2018-04-24.docx


	
	

Traxia	
USING	BLOCKCHAIN	TO	DISRUPT	TRADE	FINANCE	

V2	
	
	

Traxia	Foundation	
Baarerstrasse	82,	Zug,	6302,	Switzerland	

foundation@traxia.co	

April	25th	2018	
	

	

This	document	is	for	informational	purposes	only	and	does	not	constitute	an	offer	
or	solicitation	to	sell	shares	or	securities.	Any	such	offer	or	solicitation	will	be	made	only	
by	means	of	a	confidential	offering	memorandum	and	in	accordance	with	the	terms	of	
all	applicable	securities	and	other	laws.	

	
	

	
	

ABSTRACT	
	

There	are	over	$43	trillion	of	invoices	sitting	in	companies'	balance	sheets	waiting	
to	be	paid.	The	Traxia	ecosystem	allows	those	short-term	assets	to	be	digitized,	tokenized	
and	ultimately	to	be	tradeable	in	a	decentralized	market.	Traxia	envisions	a	system	where	
Sellers	upload	their	invoice,	Buyers	approve	it	with	their	private	keys,	Issuing	Providers	
write	it	into	a	smart	contract,	Liquidity	Providers	distribute	cash	liquidity,	Listing	providers	
manage	the	marketplace	and	Investors	trade	the	newly	created	digital	assets.	Think	of	it	
as	factoring	on	a	blockchain.	We	have	built	a	real	use	case	using	Liqease	Ltd	as	our	Listing	
provider,	Porsche	as	the	Buyer,	mediaman	and	Vok	Damns	as	the	Seller	and	a	corporate	
investor	as	the	Liquidity	Provider.	Although,	the	Ethereum	blockchain	has	been	used	in	
this	 first	 case	 to	 issue	 the	 smart	 contract,	 Traxia	 intends	 to	 build	 upon	 the	 Cardano	
blockchain.	 Traxia	 and	 LiqEase	 are	 the	 first	 investment	 of	 Cardano	 through	 their	
investment	arm	Emurgo.		 	



Background	 3	

What	is	Trade	Finance?	 4	
Actors	 4	
Objects	 4	
Terms	 5	

Traditional	Trade	Finance	Products	 5	
Factoring	 5	
Letter	of	Credit	 6	
Supply	Chain	Finance	(SCF)	 6	
Securitization	 7	

Market	Opportunity	for	a	blockchain	powered	solution	 9	
The	growth	of	Factoring	 10	

Traxia’s	solution:	a	decentralized	trade	finance	ecosystem	 11	
The	Smart	Contract	 13	
The	Actors	 13	

1.	 Seller	 13	
2.	 Buyer	 14	
3.	 Investors	 14	
4.	 Issuing	Provider	 14	
5.	 Listing	Providers	 14	
6.	 Loan	Warehousing	 15	
7.	 Risk	management	and	3rd	party	data	providers	 15	

Tokenized	access	to	the	Traxia	platform	 16	
What	we	already	built	 17	
Initial	Proof	of	Concept	 19	
Traxia	and	LiqEase	 20	

Business	Strategy	 20	
Stage	1	 20	
Stage	2	 21	
Stage	3	 21	

Product	Architecture	and	Development	Roadmap	 21	
V1	 22	
V2	 22	
V3	 22	

Traxia	Membership	Token	(TMT)	Sale	 23	
Token	Demand	and	Supply	 24	
Token	Amounts	and	Discounts	during	Pre-Sale	and	Sale	 25	
Usage	of	Proceeds	from	Token	Sale	 25	

Team	 25	

Legal	 26	

Works	Cited	 30	

Annex	–	Technical	Details	 31	
	 	



Background	
	
	

On	 any	 given	 day	 around	 the	world	 there	 are	 around	 $43	 trillion	 of	 accounts	
receivable	or	accounts	payable	on	the	books	of	businesses,	of	which,	banks	only	finance	
around	$3	trillion	of	the	total	(Kemper,	2016).	On	a	more	granular	level,	there	is	a	gap	in	
global	 trade	 finance	of	around	$1.6	 trillion,	most	arising	 from	Asian	companies	 (Asian	
Development	 Bank,	 2016).	 The	 International	 Chamber	 of	 Commerce	 refers	 to	 trade	
financing	as	the	‘oil’	in	the	engine	of	international	commerce	and	highlights	the	unmet	
demand	for	such	financing	(International	Chamber	of	Commerce,	2017).		

	
This	gap	is	a	result	of	a	misalignment	in	terms	of	the	demand	for	trade	related	

credit	 and	 the	 liquidity	 of	 funds	 provided.	 It	 is	 disproportionately	 available	 to	
multinationals	and	large	corporates	–	the	top	end	of	the	market	–	and	consistently	absent	
in	the	SME	segment	(International	Chamber	of	Commerce,	2017).	Simply	said,	SMEs	are	
faced	with	little	choice	but	to	accept	their	large	customer’s	payment	terms,	no	matter	
how	onerous	they	may	be.		

	
Financial	Technology	 (FinTech)	companies	have	come	up	with	solutions	 to	 this	

gap	 in	 global	 trade	 finance.	 However,	 in	 the	 absence	 of	 new	 instruments	 and	
marketplaces	that	connect	and	bring	together	different	trade	actors,	new	ventures	have	
been	unable	to	make	a	major	difference,	yet.	

	
The	current	trade	finance	gap	is	due	to	the	following	major	issues	(International	

Monetary	Fund,	2016):		
	
1. Absence	of	trust	and	cooperation	between	banks	

A	continuous	decline	in	correspondent	banking	relationships	has	lead	to	
an	economic	fragility	that	has	not	been	compensated	by	the	limited	
growth	in	open	account	financing	or	Letters	of	Credit	(L/C).	

	
2.	 Limited	transparency	due	to	a	lack	of	reliable	data	points	along	the	trade	

finance	value	chain	
In	periods	shaped	by	a	lack	of	trust	and	transparency,	trade	finance	
actors	(private	banks,	export	credit	agencies,	and	regional	development	
banks)	seem	to	pool	their	resources	(World	Trade	Organization,	2008)	
which	creates	difficulties	in	terms	of	obtaining	comprehensive	and	
reliable	data	on	those	trade	finance	transactions.	

	
3.	 Limited	Cash	Liquidity	in	the	markets	and	higher	spreads		

Large	banks	have	been	reporting	on	several	occasions	that	the	lack	of	
access	to	competitive	funding	has	made	them	to	drop	out	of	several	
finance	trade	operations.	
	

4.	 Bureaucracy	and	endless	paperwork	
Digitalisation	in	trade	finance	is	far	from	being	mainstream.	Providers	
have	been	promising	digital	letters	of	credit	and	bills	of	lading	for	years,	



yet	most	corporates	and	banks	still	routinely	exchange	paper	documents	
(International	Chamber	of	Commerce,	2017)	
	

	 SMEs	account	for	more	than	one-half	of	the	world’s	GDP	and	employ	two-thirds	
of	 the	 global	 workforce	 (World	 Economic	 Forum,	 2015).	 The	 number	 one	 barrier	 to	
growth	faced	by	SMEs	around	the	globe	is	access	to	financing	(International	Labour	Office,	
2015).	This	is	not	a	new	issue	and	the	2008	financial	crisis	only	worsened	the	problem.	
Many	local	retail	banks,	who	are	often	the	primary	and	only	providers	of	SME	financing,	
have	 lost	 their	appetite	 for	 taking	on	higher-risk	SME	 loans.	 It	 is	estimated	 that	SMEs	
faced	in	2015	a	$2	trillion	USD	global	credit	gap	(World	Economic	Forum,	2015).	
	
	
What	is	Trade	Finance?	
	
	
	 Global	 and	 local	 banks	 support	 international	 trade	 through	 a	 wide	 range	 of	
products	that	help	their	customers	manage	their	international	payments	and	associated	
risks,	and	provide	needed	working	capital.	The	term	“trade	finance”	is	generally	reserved	
for	 bank	 products	 that	 are	 specifically	 linked	 to	 underlying	 international	 trade	
transactions	(exports	or	imports).	As	such,	a	working	capital	loan	not	specifically	tied	to	
trade	is	generally	not	 included	in	this	definition.	Trade	finance	products	typically	carry	
short-term	maturities	which	reflect	the	typical	shipping	times	and	payment	terms	of	30,	
60	or	90	days	or	more.	(Bank	for	International	Settlement,	2014).	
	
Actors		
	

For	 the	 purpose	 of	 this	 whitepaper,	 we	will	 solely	 focus	 on	 the	 actors	 of	 the	
‘financial	supply	chain’.	Financial	intermediaries,	in	a	broader	sense,	offer	services	that	
allows	an	easier,	faster,	and	cheaper	execution	of	financial	contracts	between	originators	
and	acceptors.		
	

This	comprises	the	gathering,	for	example	via	brokers,	rating	agencies,	or	stock	
markets,	of	information	to	inform	investors	about	borrower	quality	and/or	risk.	In	general,	
disintermediation	in	trade	denotes	the	omission	of	actors	within	a	supply	chain,	as	e.g.	
intermediary	 distributors	 or	 retail	 sellers.	 But,	 disintermediation	 in	 financing	 is	 the	
substitution	of	the	traditional	bank	intermediation	by	the	means	of	alternative	forms	of	
intermediation	with	regards	to	liquidity	between	investors	and	parties	seeking	capital.	
	
	
Objects		
	

Objects	of	finance	include	fixed	assets,	i.e.	those	assets	that	permanently	provide	
a	basis	for	the	business	operations,	and	working	capital,	which	is	variable	on	a	day-to-day	
basis.		
	



Production	facilities,	which	provide	the	underlying	logistic	networks,	as	well	as	the	
equipment	 needed	 for	 customs	 clearance	 and	 the	 transport	 within	 the	 network	 are	
considered	 fixed	 assets	within	 a	 supply	 chain.	 The	 term	working	 capital	 comprises	 all	
current	assets	 transformable	 into	 liquid	assets	within	one	production	cycle	or	at	 least	
within	one	year.		Circulating	assets	minus	the	short-term	liabilities	are	called	net	working	
capital.	A	key	figure	which,	in	this	context,	is	suited	for	an	examination	of	the	cash	flow	is	
the	cash-to-cash-cycle.	The	latter	is	calculated	as	follows:	
	
Cash-to-cash-cycle	=	average	turnover	period	+	period	of	receivables	-	period	of	payables	
	

The	cash-to-cash-cycle	is	the	period	of	time	needed	for	a	company	to	transform	
the	cash	drain	resulting	from	paying	the	suppliers	into	cash	inflow	from	customers	again.	
The	cash-to-cash-cycle	thus	is	a	key	figure	to	a	dynamic	and	holistic	treatment	of	the	net	
working	capital	performance	both	within	the	company	and	within	the	supply	chain.	
	
Terms		
	

Supply	chain	finance	has	three	dimensions:	1.	The	amount	of	assets	to	be	financed	
(volume	 of	 financing),	 2.	 The	 duration	 of	 the	 financing	 and	 3.,	 the	 capital	 cost	 rate	
(financing	cost).	Multiplying	these	three	factors	together	gives	the	total	capital	cost	that	
a	company	has	to	generate	at	least	for	an	investment	to	be	profitable:	
	

Capital	costs	=	Volume	*	duration	time	*	capital	cost	rate	
	

The	most	important	starting	point	for	the	optimization	of	the	financing	within	a	
supply	chain	beyond	classical	logistics	measures	is	thus	the	capital	cost	rate.	
	
	

Traditional	Trade	Finance	Products	
	

Many	 SMEs	 find	 it	 difficult	 to	 finance	 their	 production	 cycle,	 as	 most	 buyers	
demand	around	60	days	to	pay	for	goods	from	the	date	of	delivery.	In	any	transaction,	a	
seller	will	issue	an	invoice,	which	they	account	for	as	an	account	receivable.	The	buyer	
then	accounts	for	the	invoice	in	their	accounts	payable.	Accounts	receivables	are	illiquid	
assets	until	payment	is	received.		
	
Factoring	
	

Factoring	 is	a	 type	of	 supplier	 financing,	 in	which	 firms	sell	 their	 credit-worthy	
accounts	receivables	at	a	discount	(generally	equal	to	interest	rates	plus	service	fees)	and	
receive	immediate	cash.	Factoring	is	not	a	loan	and	there	are	no	additional	liabilities	on	
the	 firm’s	 balance	 sheet,	 although	 it	 provides	 working	 capital	 financing.	 In	 addition,	
factoring	 is	 often	 done	 “without	 recourse”,	 meaning	 that	 the	 factor	 purchasing	 the	
receivables	 assumes	 the	 credit	 risk	 for	 the	 buyer’s	 ability	 to	 pay.	 Factoring	 is	 a	
comprehensive	 financial	 service	 that	 includes	 credit	 protection,	 accounts	 receivable	
bookkeeping,	collection	services	and	financing.	



	
	
Letter	of	Credit		
	

One	of	the	most	common	and	standardized	forms	of	bank-intermediated	trade	
finance	 is	 a	 letter	of	 credit	 (L/C).	 L/Cs	 reduce	payment	 risk	by	providing	a	 framework	
under	which	a	bank	makes	(or	guarantees)	the	payment	to	an	exporter	on	behalf	of	an	
importer	once	delivery	of	goods	is	confirmed	through	the	presentation	of	the	appropriate	
documents.		
	

For	the	most	part,	L/Cs	represent	off-balance	sheet	commitments,	though	they	
may	at	times	be	associated	with	an	extension	of	credit.	This	can	occur,	for	example,	if	an	
import	 L/C	 is	 structured	 to	 allow	 the	 importer	 a	 period	 of	 time	 (known	 as	 “usance”)	
before	repaying	the	bank	for	the	payment	it	made	on	the	importer’s	behalf.	Banks	may	
also	help	meet	working	capital	needs	by	providing	trade	finance	 loans	to	exporters	or	
importers.	In	this	case,	the	loan	documentation	is	linked	either	to	an	L/C	or	to	other	forms	
of	documentation	related	to	the	underlying	trade	transaction.		
	
Supply	Chain	Finance	(SCF)	
	

To	avoid	confusion,	 it	 should	be	mentioned	 that	 supply	chain	 finance	 is	only	a	
subset	of	trade	finance	and	has	been	defined	by	the	International	Chamber	of	Commerce	
(ICC)	as	‘the	use	of	financing	and	risk	mitigation	practices	and	techniques	to	optimize	the	
management	of	the	working	capital	and	liquidity	invested	in	supply	chain	processes	and	
transactions.	 [Supply	 chain	 finance]	 is	 typically	 applied	 to	 open	 account	 trade	 and	 is	
triggered	 by	 supply	 chain	 events.	 Visibility	 of	 underlying	 trade	 flows	 by	 the	 finance	
provider(s)	 is	 a	 necessary	 component	 of	 such	 financing	 arrangements	 which	 can	 be	
enabled	by	a	technology	platform.’	
		

Reverse	factoring	is	the	most	widely	used	form	of	financing	under	this	category	
(PwC,	2017).	In	contrast	to	traditional	factoring	as	described	above,	reverse	factoring	is	
initiated	by	the	buyer	and	not	by	the	seller.	The	‘factor’	is	a	financial	intermediary	and	in	
more	detail	the	entity	that	is	providing	short-term	cash	liquidity.	The	factor	acts	on	its	
own	 economic	 risk	 and	 advances	 a	 payment	 to	 the	 supplier	 and	 then,	 at	 the	 invoice	
payment	due	date,	a	transaction	from	the	buyer	to	the	factor	is	initiated.	
	

	
Figure	1 	– 	The	reverse	 factor ing	process 	 	



According	to	the	paper	‘A	study	of	the	business	case	for	supply	chain	finance	
published	by	the	Association	of	Chartered	Certified	Accountants	in	June	2014,	the	
advantages	of	a	Reverse	Factoring	Program	for	Buyers	are	mainly	that	costs	are	reduced	
across	the	supply	chain.	This	is	due	to	letting	suppliers	‘borrow’	against	their	customers’	
creditworthiness	instead	of	their	own.	On	average,	80%	of	the	resulting	value	is	shared	
between	the	suppliers	and	the	buyer,	with	varying	degrees	of	allocation	depending	on	
whether	the	buyer	wants	to	facilitate	its	key	suppliers’	financials	(i.e.	the	largest	share	
goes	to	supplier)	or,	instead,	take	all	the	benefits	by	extending	payment	terms.	
Typically,	the	buyer	will	capture	35%	to	50%	of	all	savings,	while	suppliers	will	get	25%	
to	45%.	Another	15%	goes	to	the	financial	intermediary	while	the	remaining	5%	is	for	
the	service	provider.	
	
Securitization		
	
	

	
F igure	2 	– 	a 	 typica l 	secur it izat ion	process 	

	
Before	 discussing	 in	 detail	 on	 how	 blockchain	 may	 change	 the	 securitization	

lifecycle,	a	brief	high-level	review	of	securitization	(Figure	2)	may	be	helpful.		
	

It	 begins	with	 originating	 and	 underwriting2	 of	 loans,	which	 are	 then	 serviced	
regularly,	similar	to	traditional	bank	lending.	An	issuer	or	originator	pools	together	many	
loans,	places	them	in	a	bankruptcy-remote	trust	or	special	purpose	vehicle	 (SPV),	and	
structures	 the	 securities.	An	auditing	 firm	 reviews	 the	pool	 and	provides	a	pool	 audit	
letter	 and	 an	 agreed-upon	 procedures	 letter	 covering	 the	 pool	 statistics	 provided	 to	
investors.	Rating	agencies	may	be	asked	to	express	an	opinion	on	the	securities’	credit-
worthiness	by	providing	a	credit	rating.		
	

The	underwriters’	task	 is	to	raise	 investment	capital.	They	work	with	a	counsel	
and	 the	 transaction	sponsor	 to	prepare	an	offering	document.	The	underwriters	 then	
price	and	bring	the	securities	to	market,	where	investors	make	purchases	based	on	their	
risk-reward	preferences.		
	



Trustees	 manage	 the	 trust	 entity	 and	 represent	 investor	 interests.	 A	 servicer	
collects	borrower	repayments,	pools	them,	and	forwards	them	to	a	trustee,	who	allocates	
distributions	 to	 security	 holders	 based	 on	 the	 payments	 waterfall	 defined	 in	 the	
transaction	documents.	Rating	agencies	monitor	the	securities’	performance	and	update	
ratings	if	needed.	In	secondary	markets,	investors	continue	to	review	and	reassess	the	
securities	based	on	performance.	Broker-dealers	make	markets	among	investors	trading	
the	securities	and	establish	new	prices.	
	

Securitization,	 due	 its	 current	 level	 of	 complexity	 and	 the	 participation	 of	
numerous	intermediaries,	is	mostly	used	for	larger	trade	deals	that	range	in	the	millions	
of	US	Dollars.	Shortcomings	of	the	current	setup	and	efficiency	gaps	in	the	securitization	
value	chain	are:	non	standardized	processes	and	dependencies	on	central	clearing	houses	
and	custodians.		
	

In	this	context,	blockchain	can	have	a	large	impact	in	transforming	and	
enhancing	securitization.		



Market	Opportunity	for	a	blockchain	powered	solution	
	

Opportunities	for	blockchain	solutions	in	the	trade	finance	securitization	process	
are	summarized	by	Deloitte	in	the	flow	below.	This	is	the	platform	that	Traxia	will	create	
(Deloitte,	2017):	

	

	
Figure	3: 	B lockchain 	and	Secur it izat ion	 - 	a 	poss ib le 	 look	at 	 the	 future	

	
	
Step	1:	As	a	borrower	and	lender	agree	to	the	terms	of	a	loan,	a	new	electronic	asset	is	
created	 on	 the	 blockchain	 and	 time-stamped.	 Ownership	 information	 and	 other	
pertinent	 underwriting	 data,	 such	 as	 supporting	 documents	 or	 Credit	 scores,	 are	
attached	to	the	loan	and	recorded	on	the	blockchain.	This	information	cannot	be	altered	
without	a	new	consensus	between	the	borrower	and	loan	owner.	
	
Step	2:	Relevant	information	about	the	loan	is	automatically	coded	into	a	smart	contract	
which	governs	the	automated	servicing	of	the	 loan.	As	the	borrower	makes	or	fails	to	
make	payments,	this	history	is	added	to	the	loan-level	data	and	supports	future	servicing	
decisions,	such	as	the	possible	need	to	engage	a	default	servicer	if	the	borrower	does	not	
pay.	 Ownership	 rights	 of	 the	 asset	 are	 also	 automatically	 immutably	 recorded	 and	
timestamped.	
	
Step	3:	 The	 sponsor/issuer	pools	 together	 loans	and	 transfers	 them	 to	an	SPV,	which	
records	the	transfer	and	the	related	loans	on	the	blockchain.	The	‘automatable’	portion	
of	the	transaction’s	terms,	including	its	cash-flow	model,	are	written	in	a	series	of	smart	
contracts,	which	 the	 sponsor/issuer,	 underwriter,	 rating	 agencies,	 trustees,	 and	other	
relevant	third	parties	verify	and	agree	to.		



This	consensus	creates	a	single	governing	model	for	the	transaction.	
	
Rating	agencies,	investors,	and	other	relevant	stakeholders	reference	this	model	and,	if	
desired,	also	the	underlying	 loan-level	data	to	perform	their	assessment	of	the	newly-
created	securities.	In	addition,	relevant	portions	of	the	offering	and	legal	documents	are	
also	 automatically	 created	 with	 smart	 contracts.	 Regulatory	 compliance	 is	 largely	
automated,	 as	 smart	 contracts	 are	 programmed	 to	 immediately	 note	 any	 potential	
irregularities.	
	
Step	4:	A	separate	smart	contract	to	service	the	securities	is	layered	on	top	of	the	SPV	
and	the	smart	contract	developed	for	the	transaction	itself.	This	new	contract	collects	
payments	from	loan	servicers,	references	the	cash-flow	model	specified	in	the	contract	
governing	the	SPV,	and	distributes	payments	to	the	beneficiary	holders	of	the	security	
with	 only	minimal	 delays	 for	 settlement.	 This	 information	 stream	 is	 related	 to	 rating	
agencies	and	the	secondary	markets.	
	
Step	5:	Ratings	monitoring	software	sometime	referred	to	as	‘Oracles’	are	placed	on	the	
blockchain	to	match	the	security	performance	with	expected	cash	flows	and	trigger	rating	
reviews	when	discrepancies	arise.	
	
Step	 6:	 Trading	 or	 market	 information	 platforms	 are	 constructed	 with	 blockchain	
technology	 to	 interoperate	with	 the	blockchains	used	 for	 the	 transactions	and	enable	
market	makers	to	create	robust	secondary	markets	in	securitized	assets.	With	the	help	
of	market	makers,	securities	trading	on	the	blockchain	is	near-instant	and	low	cost,	with	
regulatory	compliance	close	to	automatic,	as	data	on	asset	ownership	is	reported	in	real-	
time	 to	 regulators	 while	 it	 remains	 hidden	 from	 competitors.	 Large	 investors	 could	
potentially	directly	trade	on	these	platforms	without	having	to	go	through	broker-dealers.	
	
Step	7:	As	the	securities	are	created	and	traded,	beneficiary	information	is	stored	and	
updated	in	a	separate	repository,	which	acts	as	a	custodial	entity.	This	updated	
beneficiary	information	is	referenced	to	facilitate	future	security	servicing.	To	maintain	
confidentiality,	only	relevant	trustees	and	regulators	possess	full	access	to	this	
information.	Less	sensitive	data	such	as	ratings	or	underlying	payments	information	
could	be	made	available	to	other	actors.	
	
	
The	growth	of	Factoring	
	

Commercial,	non-bank	factoring	enterprises	are	playing	a	large	role	in	the	US,	UK,	
and	 China,	 and	 with	 the	 rise	 of	 FinTechs,	 non-bank	 players	 will	 have	 an	 increasingly	
significant	impact	on	the	industry.	The	explosive	growth	of	the	industry,	especially	since	
the	start	of	the	financial	crisis,	is	in	large	part	inspired	by	an	improved	perception	of	risk	
globally,	 but	 also	 stemming	 from	 a	 shift	 from	 overdraft/unsecured	 credit	 facilities	 to	
receivables-based		financing	(International	Chamber	of	Commerce,	2017).	
	
Combined	growth	of	national	and	international	factoring:	



	
	
Total	factoring	volume	from	2010	to	2016:	

	
	

Those	 trends	allow	Liqease	and	Traxia	 to	 tap	 into	a	massive	market	with	huge	
growth	potential	which	is	supported	by	increasingly	favorable	macroeconomic	data	and	
validated	by	startups	operating	in	similar	segments.			
	
	
	
Traxia’s	solution:	a	decentralized	trade	finance	ecosystem	
	

The	 vision	 of	 Traxia	 is	 to	 establish	 an	 open	 and	 decentralized	 ecosystem	 to	
improve	trade	finance	globally.	Traxia	combines	blockchain	and	an	open,	connected	IT	
architecture	to	create	a	new	ecosystem	for	trade	finance.	It	allows	corporates	to	create	
smart	contracts	—	automated,	self-executing	digital	contracts	that	trigger	payments	and	
receipts	in	real	time	as	goods	move	through	the	supply	chain.		
	

Tracking	 of	 goods	 through	 modern	 Internet	 of	 Things	 (IoT)	 solutions	 can	 further	
eliminate	uncertainty	about	where	physical	goods	are;	blockchain	helps	to	verify	identity	
and	ownership	and	could	 conceivably	 simplify	 compliance	and	governance,	 as	well	 as	
reducing	manual	work	and	human	error.	The	transparency	gain	from	such	advancements	
ultimately	leads	to	better	access	to	finance	in	several	ways:		



	
1. Trust	and	Transparency	-	an	inherent	feature	of	blockchain	technology,	further	

enhanced	with	smart	contracts	
Recording	and	confirming	a	trade	on	the	Traxia	blockchain	will	create	higher	levels	
of	trust	in	B2B	trades.	A	Seller	and	Buyer	are	asked	to	sign	such	trade	transaction	
using	their	private	keys	to	record	and	create	an	immutable	entry	on	a	blockchain.	
The	 technology	 makes	 it	 seamless	 to	 assign	 privileges	 to	 data	 entries	 in	
accordance	to	the	role	of	each	participant	such	as:	Trading	Businesses,	Investors,	
Regulators,	 Logistic	 Providers	 etc.	 therefore	 combining	 data	 ownership	with	 a	
new	level	of	transparency	as	needed.	Use	cases	around	IoT	and	business	process	
automation	will	be	the	focus	of	our	next	phase.	Such	use	cases	have	the	potential	
to	further	increase	supply	chain	transparency.		
	

2. Securitization	and	Standardization	–	the	initial	Traxia	focus,	with	LiqEase	
developing	the	use	case		 	 	
Securitization	can	be	attractive	to	both	bank	and	non-bank	investors.	For	banks,	
securitization	allows	them	to	economize	on	capital	and/or	liquidity	and	reduce	US	
dollar	funding	needs,	while	preserving	a	return	on	firms’	expertise/comparative	
advantage	in	originating	and	managing	trade	finance	loans.	Distribution	to	outside	
investors	can	also	free	up	counterparty	space	on	balance	sheets	and	reduce	trade	
loan	concentrations.		
	
For	non-bank	investors,	direct	or	indirect	investment	in	trade	finance	assets	offers	
a	potentially	attractive	return	relative	to	risk.	We	will	 introduce	how	Traxia	will	
use	 blockchain	 technology	 to	 streamline	 the	 securitization	 process	 below.	
Standardization	ranks	among	the	Top	3	challenges	of	having	more	 institutional	
investors	entering	export	 finance	 (International	Chamber	of	Commerce,	2016).	
The	Traxia	Ecosystem	will	provide	standardized	processes	and	products	to	make	
the	issuance	of	a	Smart	Contract	backed	by	trade	more	seamless	with	the	support	
of	our	technology	provider	LiqEase	Limited.				

	
3. Access	to	capital	markets	through	decentralization	

Traxia	 will	 decentralizes	 trade	 finance	 technology	 and	 will	 work	 closely	 with	
international	regulators	to	make	such	an	open	market	possible.	The	largest	global	
banks	account	for	a	quarter	to	a	third	of	the	global	supply	of	bank-intermediated	
trade	 finance,	 with	 local	 and	 regional	 banks	 providing	 the	 remainder	
(International	Chamber	of	Commerce,	2017).	Such	centralization	comes	with	the	
disadvantage	 of	 dedicated	 market	 knowledge	 that	 favours	 local	 and	 regional	
banks.	Those	banks	on	the	other	hand	face	the	disadvantage	of	L/Cs	being	80%	
denominated	 in	US	Dollars	which	makes	refinancing	 in	US	Dollars	a	hurdle	and	
major	 obstacle	 for	 those	 banks	 (Bank	 for	 International	 Settlement,	 2014).	 In	
result,	61%	of	banks	perceive	that	there	is	more	demand	than	supply	for	trade	
finance	 (International	 Chamber	 of	 Commerce,	 2017).	 Decentralization	 has	 the	
potential	 to	 stabilize	 the	 trade	 finance	 markets.	 New	 entrants	 such	 as	 fixed	



income	funds	can	get	access	to	a	standardized	trade	finance	product	similar	to	a	
corporate	bond.	Such	a	digital	platform	can	also	provide	credit	risk	insurers	with	
an	additional	channel	to	sell	their	products	directly	to	SMEs.				

	
Our	 proposed	model	 for	 optimizing	 financial	 flows	 in	 supply	 chains,	 turns	 the	

actors	within	 the	 supply	 chain	 into	 intermediaries	who	can	overcome	 the	problem	of	
asymmetric	 information	between	 capital	markets	 (e.g.	 banks)	 and	 the	parties	 seeking	
capital.	
	
	
The	Smart	Contract	
	

Traxia	 creates	 a	 new	 trade	 finance	 platform	 that	 operates	 through	 smart	
contracts	 running	 on	 a	 blockchain.	 Those	 smart	 contracts	 hold	 information	 such	 as	
volume	 and	 duration	 of	 an	 underlying	 trade,	while	 also	 becoming	 interoperable	with	
existing	Enterprise	Resource	Planning	(ERP)	Systems,	Payment	Networks	such	as	SWIFT,	
[Ripple	 Settlement	 System]	 and	 others.	 Traxia	 is	 also	 a	 tool	 to	model	 and	 automate	
business	processes	to	save	time,	costs	and	generate	a	higher	efficiency	for	corporates	
along	their	respective	supply	chains.	
	

As	argued	by	Hans-Christian	Pfohl	and	Moritz	Gomm	in	their	paper	‘Supply	chain	
finance:	optimizing	financial	flows	in	supply	chains’,	the	proposed	model	for	financing	the	
supply	 chain,	 turns	 the	 actors	 within	 the	 supply	 chain	 into	 intermediaries	 who	 can	
overcome	the	problem	of	asymmetric	information	mentioned	above.	
	

Traxia	will	 take	their	scientific	model	that	has	been	proven	successfully	using	a	
qualitative	approach,	as	our	underlying	assumption	to	improve	cash	allocation	into	trade-
related	 financial	 products.	 In	 a	 nutshell,	 their	 model	 assumes	 that	 the	 information	
asymmetry	between	actors	within	the	supply	chain	and	financial	 institutions	providing	
cash	liquidity	can	be	solved	by	making	the	supply	chain	actors	part	of	the	financial	supply	
chain.	We	 therefore	make	 the	 B2B	 trade	 intermediaries	 (Buyers,	 Sellers)	 part	 of	 the	
financial	supply	chain	by	letting	them	issue	the	trade	related	smart	contracts	using	our	
technology.	 We	 therefore	 propose	 the	 following	 Actors	 to	 be	 part	 of	 the	 Traxia	
Blockchain	Ecosystem	for	Trade	Finance.	Besides	 the	Traxia	 itself,	we	have	companies	
engaging	 in	a	B2B	trade	which	we	call	Sellers	and	Buyers,	as	well	as	 Investors,	 Issuing	
Providers,	 Listing	 Providers	 and	 a	 facility	 to	 warehouse	 loans	 which	 will	 be	 initially	
provided	by	Quark	Finance	and	we	are	aiming	to	onboard	further	providers	globally.		
	
	
The	Actors	
	

1. Seller	
A	company	that	is	offering	a	product	for	sale.	In	our	ecosystem,	it	also	represents	
the	party	that	is	looking	to	improve	its	cash	liquidity	and,	solely	or	jointly	with	the	
Buyer,	 looking	to	 issue	a	smart	contract	representing	a	trade	obligation.	 In	the	
Traxia	ecosystem,	these	are	often	SMEs.	

	



2. Buyer	
A	company	that	is	purchasing	the	product.	In	the	Traxia	ecosystem,	the	Buyer	is	
often	a	larger	corporation	which	generally	has	a	better	credit	rating	than	an	SME	
Seller.		Better	ratings	can	be	used	to	mitigate	the	risk	for	the	Investors	if	the	smart	
contract	representing	the	trade	obligation	is	jointly	issued,	which	is	similar	to	the	
reverse	factoring	model.	In	short,	a	large	company	like	Porsche,	is	more	than	likely	
to	pay	than	a	smaller	company	and	that	ability	to	pay	can	help	the	credit	rating	of	
the	contract.	
	
3. Investors		
A	person	or	organization	that	puts	money	into	financial	products,	assets,	etc.	with	
the	expectation	of	achieving	a	profit.		
	
4. Issuing	Provider	
Due	to	the	novelty	of	putting	trade-finance	on	a	blockchain,	Traxia	came	up	with	
the	concept	and	role	of	the	‘Issuing	Provider,’	which	is	the	technology	provider	
that	setups	and	maintains	the	Traxia	platform.		
	
The	 issuing	provider	creates	a	platform	to	streamline	the	process	of	uploading	
and	 validating	 business	 and	 trade	 details	 by	 combining	 commonly	 used	 web	
technologies	with	a	modern	blockchain	infrastructure	running	on	the	backend	in	
a	manner	that	is	transparent	to	the	Buyer,	Seller	or	Investor.	The	only	exposure	
that	the	actor	would	have	to	the	blockchain	is	the	need	to	sign	a	transaction	with	
an	individual	private	key/passphrase	that	has	been	assigned	to	the	user.	
	
The	 issuing	 provider	will	 be	 responsible	 for	 the	 technical	 integration	 of	 rating	
agencies	and	data	providers	e.g.	accessing	directly	via	Oracles	or	more	traditional	
via	API	interfaces	as	well	as	provide	access	to	licensed	payment	gateways	to	make	
settlement	of	fiat	currencies	possible	between	actors.			

	
To	sum	it	up,	the	Issuing	Provider:	
-										Sets	up	and	maintains	the	technical	infrastructure	to	gather	information	
relevant	 for	 issuing	 the	 smart	 contract	 on	 behalf	 of	 the	 Buyer	 and/or	 Seller	
representing	a	B2B	trade	and	 including	 information	such	as	 ‘Contract	Volume’,	
‘Contract	Currency’,	‘Contract	Duration’	etc..		
-										Implement	standards	to	guide	Buyers	and	Sellers	through	a	due	diligence	
process	 including	 KYC	 and	 AML	 checks	 based	 on	 Business	 Certificates,	 staff	
Passports,	Financial	Statements,	audits,	letters	of	good	standing	etc.	
-										Take	necessary	technical	precautions	in	terms	of	data	safety	and	
-										Implement	the	public	key,	asymmetric	encryption	method	to	let	Buyers	and	
Sellers	digitally	sign	their	smart	contract	and	digital	asset	issuing	transactions					
	
	
5. Listing	Providers		
A	Listing	Provider	is	a	marketplace	that	matches	investors	of	securities	with	listed	
and	unlisted	securities.	A	 listed	security	 is	a	 financial	 instrument	 that	 is	 traded	
through	an	exchange.	Exchanges	have	 listing	 requirements	 to	ensure	 that	only	



high-quality	securities	are	traded	on	them	to	maintain	the	exchange's	reputation	
among	investors.		
	
Although	there	is	increased	scrutiny	of	regulators	regarding	cryptocurrencies	and	
increased	targeting	of	fraudulent	ICO	business	practices,	there	is	in	no	jurisdiction	
that	has	a	dedicated	set	of	rules	and	 laws	 in	place	to	categorize	a	digital	asset	
and/or	blockchain	token.	Also	considering	that	accounts	receivables	are	 in	 fact	
categorized	 as	 current	 assets	 under	 international	 bookkeeping	 standards,	 it	
seems	unlikely	to	see	a	new	set	of	rules	approaching	that	will	transform	accounts	
receivables	into	a	security,	as	traditional	factoring	services	have	been	in	operation	
for	 many	 years.	 In	 some	 markets,	 like	 the	 US,	 UK	 and	 Brazil,	 factoring	 is	
unregulated,	 giving	 commercial	 factors	 an	 advantage	 over	 their	 bank	
counterparts	in	the	traditional	factoring	field.		

	
6. Loan	Warehousing		
Loan	Warehousing	is	the	initial	process	of	acquiring	debt	from	various	sources,	
as	an	example,	a	bank	or	similar	institution	providing	funds	to	a	borrower	
without	using	the	bank’s	own	capital.	In	the	Traxia	ecosystem,	debts	that	arise	
from	B2B	trade	transactions	that	do	not	“find”	an	immediate	Liquidity	Provider	
are	warehoused.	Our	technology	provider	LiqEase	managed	to	acquire	a	
strategic	partner	(Quark	Finance)	to	do	exactly	that	especially	for	China	but	also	
abroad.				
	
About	Quark	Finance	
	
Quark	Finance	is	a	leading	Chinese	financial	services	company	focused	on	
consumer	finance	and	risk	management.	Its	principle	business	segments	are	
personal	and	small	business	loans,	point-of-sale	installments,	and	auto	finance.	
The	headquarters	is	in	Shanghai	and	Quark's	businesses	cover	all	major	cities	in	
Mainland	China.	Quark	was	named	in	2016	to	the	directorship	of	the	National	
Internet	Finance	Association	of	China	and	also	selected	as	one	of	KPMG	China's	
Top	50	financial	technology	companies	at	the	same	year.	For	more	information,	
please	visit	www.quarkfinance.com.	

	
The	team	around	Traxia	therefore	successfully	managed	to	close	the	assumed	
bottleneck	for	the	ecosystem	and	showcased	that	the	team	is	able	to	deliver	and	
execute.	Traxia	will	further	be	working	with	Creditsafe,1	a	rating	agency	whose	
scores	are	recognized	by	major	Credit	Insurers	such	as	Euler	Hermes	and	Coface.		
	
7. Risk	management	and	3rd	party	data	providers		
Data	providers	such	as	https://www.cynopsis-solutions.com	are	integrated	via	
APIs	and	allow	us	to	conduct	Know-Your-Customer	and	Anti-Money	Laundering	
checks.	Providers	such	as	https://www.creditsafe.com/	are	connected	to	the	
platform	to	validate	information	provided	by	the	businesses	that	register	and	
want	to	access	finance	through	the	Traxia	Ecosystem.	The	credit	scores	that	are	

																																																								
1	www.creditsafe.com	



provided	by	Creditsafe	are	accepted	by	large	credit	insurance	companies	such	as	
Euler	Hermes	(http://www.eulerhermes.com/Pages/default.aspx)	and	Coface	
(http://www.coface.com/).	Allowing	only	‘high	score’	companies	to	access	
finance	through	our	ecosystem	can	therefore	always	be	combined	with	a	trade	
insurance	that	is	covering	up	to	100%	of	the	trade	and	therefore	reducing	the	
risk	significantly	for	professional	investors	investing	in	those	assets	through	our	
platform.	We	are	in	touch	and	discussions	with	further	data	providers	such	as	
Zhima	Credit	(Ant	Financial)	in	China	and	Quark	Finance	also	has	its	own	
database	to	better	evaluate	local	businesses	and	their	ability	to	pay.	In	essence	
the	focus	is	on	high	quality	assets	only	to	begin	with.	This	approach	is	combined	
with	2	party	verification	of	the	trade	and	both	Buyer	and	Seller	have	to	confirm	
such.	Scoring	through	3rd	party	data	providers	as	well	as	insuring	the	trade	are	a	
further	addition	to	reduce	the	risk	for	institutional	investors	investing	through	
our	platform.		

	
	
Tokenized	access	to	the	Traxia	platform	
	
Our	membership	model	is	straightforward	and	involves	two	types	of	access	a)	accessing	
the	 ecosystem	 through	 Issuing	 and	 Listing	 services	 and	 b)	membership	 fee	 on	 a	 per	
transaction	basis	to	be	settled	in	Traxia	Membership	Token	(TMT)	at	the	conversion	rate	
of	when	the	Issuing	and	Listing	services	have	been	provided.	
	
The	following	diagram	illustrates	the	business	model:	
	

	
	
As	 illustrated	 in	 the	 graphic	 above,	 the	 technology	 provider	 LiqEase	 is	 providing	 the	
services	of	Listing	and	Issuing	to	interested	Buyers	and	Sellers	to	access	the	ecosystem.	
LiqEase	can	be	compared	to	the	Ethereum	Switzerland	GmbH	which	is	associated	to	the	
Ethereum	Foundation	and	is	entitled	to	use	the	funds	of	the	Crowdsale	according	to	the	
statute	of	the	Foundation.	For	establishing	the	basis	of	the	Traxia	Ecosystem,	LiqEase	as	

3008.02.18

Invoice 
Volume

Discount Total cost 
of funding

$ 1.000.000 6% $ 60.000

$ 50.000 Investor 
(Spread)

$ 10.000
LiqEase
(service fee 
due in TMT)

1

Issuing Service Listing Service Ecosystem Fee *)

30-60% 30-60% 0-20% 

$ 3.000-6.000 $ 3.000-6.000 $ 0-2.000

2

LiqEase places an order on a marketplace where TMT is
traded based on the market rate and in accordance with
the Total Service Fee which is 1% in the example. 

1

The Service fee is paid in TMT in accordance to the services
provided by the company in question. 

2



well	as	Traxia	are	therefore	entitled	to	a	share	of	the	overall	proceeds	as	illustrated	above.	
Whereas	Issuing	and	Listing	Fees	is	allocated	to	LiqEase	and	Ecosystem	fee	to	Traxia.		
	
What	we	already	built	
	

	
Figure	4:	LiqEase	home	page	

	
Award	winning	LiqEase2	is	a	Limited	company	registered	in	Hong	Kong	since	2017	

and	borne	out	of	a	project	that	begun	in	2016.	LiqEase	is	the	technology	provider	within	
the	 Traxia	 ecosystem	 providing	 Issuing	 and	 Listing	 Services	 to	 Buyers,	 Sellers	 and	
Investors.		

LiqEase	has	thus-far	built	a	simple	and	user-friendly	Web-Interface	that	can	be	
used	today	by	Buyers	and	Sellers	to	upload	their	invoice.	In	the	backend	LiqEase	is	running	
a	blockchain	application	 layer	 for	various	blockchains	such	as	Ethereum	and	will	build	
upon	Cardano	when	ready.	LiqEase	Limited	operates	as	a	Listing	provider	i.e.	running	an	
Over-The-Counter	 market	 which	 targets	 professional	 investors	 as	 defined	 by	 the	
regulators	in	Hong	Kong	[15].	You	can	find	out	more	about	LiqEase	at	http://liqease.co	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

																																																								
2	Liqease	was	the	winner	of	SLUSH	Shanghai	2017	(http://www.slush.org/news/liqease-to-win-the-
slush-shanghai-pitch-competition/)			



	
	
	
The	workflow	of	the	current	product	built	by	LiqEase	is	as	follows:	

	

	
	

	
	

	
	



	
Figure	5:	a	simplified	version	of	LiqEase	process	(to	see	a	video	of	the	process	
visit:	https://goo.gl/jNHuna	

	
	

As	the	assets	created	on	the	platform	are	merely	a	digital	representation	of	a	real	
trade	asset	 issued	by	the	Buyers/Sellers,	there	is	no	need	for	an	International	Security	
Identification	Number	(ISIN).	In	addition,	there	is	no	custodian	as	the	digital	version	of	
the	 asset	 has	 already	 been	 digitally	 signed	 by	 the	 Supplier	 and/or	 Buyer	 with	 their	
respective	private	keys	and	recorded	on	a	blockchain.	As	the	blockchain	is	distributed,	
this	 adds	 an	 additional	 layer	 of	 trust	 as	 compared	 to	 a	 traditional	 central	 custodian	
safekeeping	 the	 asset.	 The	 asset	 is	 then	 listed	 on	 the	 marketplace	 instantly	 and	
settlement	times	can	easily	be	reduced	to	minutes	rather	than	days.	
	
	
Initial	Proof	of	Concept	
	

In	one	of	its	first	use	cases,	LiqEase	was	the	Issuing	Provider	and	Listing	Provider	
for	a	Porsche	Digital	Innovation	Project	(the	Buyer)	who	listed	a	30	days	invoice	worth	
around	$	50.000	in	total.	The	Seller	was	VOK	Dams	and	a	3rd	party	corporate	investor	was	
the	 Liquidity	 Provider.	 The	 smart	 contract	 was	 registered	 on	 the	 Proof	 Ethereum	
Blockchain	under	the	transaction	number:	
http://www.proofsidechain.com/#/transaction/0x7453e318039cc04c08cfb475ec62b21
07bc9898361138de71eef32285a7b9475.		
	

LiqEase	 is	 currently	working	 on	 another	 project	 involving	 another	German	 car	
manufacturer,	as	well	as	on	projects	in	the	Fast-Moving	Consumer	Goods	(FMCG)	sector.	
LiqEase	 expects	 to	 work	 on	 a	 number	 of	 different	 financing	 projects	 during	 2018.	
Focusing	its	activity	on	the	multi-billion-dollar	trade	corridor	between	Europe	and	China.	
	
	
	
	
	



Traxia	and	LiqEase	
	

Traxia	is	a	non-profit	foundation	being	established	under	the	laws	of	Switzerland.	
It	is	the	creator	and	initiator	of	the	blockchain	model	described	in	this	paper.	The	Traxia	
foundation’s	 mission	 is	 to	 promote	 and	 support	 the	 Traxia	 platform	 through	
development	and	education	and	provide	buyers,	sellers	and	investors	around	the	world	
with	a	more	accessible,	 transparent	and	more	trustworthy	system	to	engage	 in	global	
trade.	
	

The	Traxia	foundation	will	support	projects	like	LiqEase	and	can	invest	in	entities	
and	projects	that	support	the	purpose	of	the	foundation	as	stated.		
	

LiqEase	 operates	 a	 for	 profit	 businesses	 and	 is	 building	 the	 gateways	 and	
applications	to	connect	and	be	part	of	the	Traxia	ecosystem.	LiqEase	 is	an	Issuing	and	
Listing	Provider	and	is	in	fact	the	first	successful	proof	of	concept	of	the	Traxia	ecosystem.	
	

Coming	 back	 to	 our	 initial	 assumption,	 the	 Traxia	 platform	 creates	 more	
transparency	within	a	supply	chain	by	integrating	smart	contracts	into	business	processes	
and	is	creating	the	basis	for	Buyers	and	Sellers	in	B2B	trade	to	become	active	participants	
in	supply	chain	finance,	hence	improving	the	information	symmetry	between	the	supply	
chain	and	capital	markets.	Higher	 information	transparency	between	actors,	 increases	
the	likelihood	that	financing	can	be	provided	for	an	asset	that	is	issued	by	a	Seller/Buyer.		
	

The	development	of	LiqEase	increases	the	demand	for	the	TMT	and	improvement	
of	 the	Smart	Contracts,	creating	higher	 levels	of	 transparency	within	 the	supply	chain	
powered	by	the	Traxia	Foundation.		
	
	
	
Business	Strategy		
	

Our	strategy	focuses	on	creating	a	network	effect	as	our	decentralized	trust	and	
transparency	ecosystem	enables	us	 to	do	so.	We	will	use	 the	well-known	bowling	pin	
strategy	 i.e.	 start	 with	 a	 niche	 market,	 and	 then	 move	 to	 other	 niches	 and	 broader	
markets.		
	
	
Stage	1	
	

Focusing	on	the	supply	side	first:	Traxia	will	work	to	accepted	and	used	by	sellers	
to	 finance	 their	 B2B	 trade.	 Establishing	 partnerships	 with	 distributors	 that	 have	 an	
existing	relationship	with	those	suppliers	and	a	vetted	interest	in	successfully	financing	
such	deal	can	enable	instant	scale.		
	

To	 achieve	 that,	 we	 will	 partner	 with	 distributors,	 importers	 and	 exporters	
focusing	 on	 the	 FMCG	market	 segment	 first	 in	 particular	 the	 trade	 corridor	 between	
Europe	 and	 China.	 We	 are	 already	 in	 positive	 talks	 with	 major	 players	 and	 working	



together	 with	 a	 team	 belonging	 to	 Intermarché	 which	 in	 2016	 had	 a	 turnover	 that	
surpassed	€30bn	USD.		
	

To	 get	 a	 head	 start	 and	 accelerate	 growth,	 the	 Loan	Warehousing	 Facility	will	
provide	a	strategic	advantage	over	competitors	and	makes	it	possible	to	streamline	the	
process	from	the	originating	of	the	debt	to	the	bundling	and	securitization	aspect	which	
is	relevant	for	institutional	investors	to	deploy	their	money	efficiently.	
	

The	goal	is	to	use	the	Warehousing	as	an	entry	strategy	for	different	markets	with	
large	 gaps	 in	 trade	 credit	 and	 traditionally	 low	 default	 rates.	 It	 will	 be	 replaced	 by	
independent	banks	and	investors	at	a	later	stage	to	fully	decentralize	the	market.		
	
	
Stage	2	
	

Educate	the	initial	client	base	and	foster	word-of-mouth	campaigns	through	the	
creation	of	a	referral	program.		
	
	
Stage	3	
	

Broader	market	adoption	by	targeting	global	investors	such	as	hedge	funds.	The	
more	Traxia	is	recognized	as	a	reliable	ecosystem,	the	easier	it	will	be	to	expand	globally.	
Education	will	again	be	key.	Traxia	will	need	to	show	investors	how	they	can	tap	into	a	
new	market	of	standardized	trade	assets	on	the	basis	of	immutable	smart	contracts	that	
is	only	accessible	through	the	Traxia	Ecosystem	and	its	partners.	
	
	
	
Product	Architecture	and	Development	Roadmap	
	
Concerning	our	product	development,	our	roadmap	looks	as	follows:	
	

V1	(alpha)	January	2018		
V1	(beta)	March	2018	
Monolith	API	(PHP),	web	clients	(Angular	4	/	Typescript)	
	
V2	April	2018	
Monolith	API	(PHP),	web	clients	(Angular	4	/	Typescript)	
	
V3	June	/	July	2018	
Microservice	API	(NodeJS/Typescript/GraphQL),	webclient	
(ReactJS/Typescript/Redux),	mobileclient	(React	Native/Typescript/Redux)	

	
	
	



V1	
	

In	terms	of	architecture,	we	have	three	entities	working	together.	
	

First,	we	build	the	core	of	the	project	around	our	first	use	case	and	initial	focus	to	
make	 the	 Traxia	 ecosystem	 viable	 i.e.	 our	 CMS,	 Liqease.com.	 This	 CMS	 has	 been	
developed	using	robust	technologies	such	as	(PHP,	Typescript,	Angular).	The	CMS	has	a	
monolith	architecture	API	(PHP)	and	uses	Angular	4/Typescript	as	client.	
	

Second,	we	have	 a	marketplace	where	 professional	 investors	 can	 trade	digital	
assets	that	are	collateralized	by	invoices	and	other	relevant	contracts	in	relation	to	such	
a	trade.	This	marketplace	is	powered	using	an	open	source	projects	(currently	proofsuite	
and	we	are	in	close	contact	with	their	development	team	and	CTO	-	Tai	Kersten).	We	are	
also	working	with	other	open	source	projects	for	operating	such	a	marketplace	such	as	
e.g.	Lykke	and	are	in	touch	with	their	Singapore	team	(Zheng	Wei	Quah	and	Alan	Laubsch).	
		

Third,	the	ecosystem	will	be	powered	by	a	membership/voucher	Token	(TMT)	that	
remunerates	 and	 incentivizes	 the	 participants	 and	 technology	 providers	 within	 the	
ecosystem.		
	
V2	
	

Our	 second	 version	 will	 have	 a	 different	 approach,	 based	 on	 the	 latest	 client	
feedback	 as	 well	 as	 the	 product	 roadmap	 and	 the	 necessary	 flexibility	 within	 that	
roadmap.	The	key	philosophy	is	to	ease	the	process	and	make	the	platform	as	easy	to	use	
as	possible	for	our	users.	
	

Traxia	will	also	develop	the	next	generation	of	the	CMS	and	use	a	microservice	
API	architecture	 (NodeJS/Typescript/GraphQL)	 that	will	be	responsible	 to	organise	 the	
different	 services	 and	 clients.	 Our	 platform	 clients	 will	 be	 web	 client	
(ReactJS/Typescript/Redux)	and	mobile	client	(React	native/Typescript/Redux)	
	

The	 second	 version	 of	 the	 product	 will	 be	 built	 on	 the	 Cardano	 Blockchain	
Infrastructure.	The	TMT	Token	will	be	made	available	on	Cardano	and	we	believe	a	more	
seamless	 integration	 between	 the	 Traxia	 Ecosystem	 requiring	 TMT	 to	 pay	 for	 the	
technical	services	provided	by	LiqEase.					
	
V3	
	

The	third	version	will	focus	on	the	Smart	Contracts	and	making	them	‘truly	smart’.	
Our	focus	in	V1	and	V2	is	to	satisfy	market	demand	and	prove	that	a	blockchain-based	
solution	is	viable	for	trade	finance.	Operating	a	stable	and	scalable	product	that	solves	
the	trade	finance	gap	utilizing	a	blockchain	for	securitization	of	the	underlying	trade	will	
give	us	the	necessary	fundamentals	to	evolve	the	product	over	time	and	integrate	smart	
contracts	into	the	enterprise	systems	and	workflows.		
	



Further	details	about	the	Technology	and	Smart	Contracts	can	be	found	 in	the	
Annex.		
	
	
Traxia	Membership	Token	(TMT)	Sale	
		

To	 fund	 the	 initial	 operation	 and	 creation	 of	 the	 Traxia	 platform,	 we	 will	 be	
offering	the	sale	of	TMT	tokens.		
	

The	supply	of	TMT	is	limited	to	a	maximum	of	max.	one	billion	(1,000,000,000)	
tokens	in	total,	including	those	available	for	sale	during	the	Token	Sale.	The	tokens	will	
be	generated	upon	the	token	launch	and	will	be	distributed	in	the	following	manner:	
	

70%	
of	the	tokens	will	be	eventually	allocated	amongst	the	community.	Distributed	in	
the	following	order	40%	+	20%	+	5%	+	5%	
	
20%	
will	be	allocated	to	the	foundation	creation,	development	team,	early	backers.	
	
10%	
will	 be	 allocated	 to	 treasury	 with	 the	 purpose	 of	 providing	 TMT	 Liquidity	 if	
necessary	as	well	as	being	a	contingency	fund.	
	

	
The	 Traxia	 crowdsale	 and	 the	 corresponding	 token	 creation	 process	 will	 be	

organized	 around	 smart	 contracts	 running	 on	 the	 Ethereum	 blockchain.	 Participants	
willing	to	support	the	development	of	the	Traxia	project	can	do	so	by	sending	Ether	(ETH)	
and	ADA	tokens	to	the	designated	address.	By	doing	so,	they	are	purchasing	TMT	at	the	
rate	of	1	TMT	per	US$	0.055	which	will	be	sent	to	their	ETH	wallet	after	the	sale.	Any	ADA	
and	ETH	that	is	send	to	the	designated	address	will	be	converted	to	TMT	at	market	rate	
of	ETH,	ADA	to	US$	each	day	during	the	sale	at	12.30	pm	(UTC+8).	ADA,	ETH	that	has	
been	transferred	within	the	24	hours	previous	to	12	pm	(UTC+8)	on	each	given	day	during	
the	sale	will	be	included	in	the	daily	conversion	and	TMT	distributed	to	the	ETH	address	
that	has	been	provided	by	the	purchaser.			
	

Allocation	 Percentage		 Distribution		

400,000,000	First	Token	Sale	 40%	 TMT	Token	Pre-Sale	(March	
2018)	and	Token	Sale	in	
March-May	2018.	Unsold	
TMT	will	be	burned.		

200,000,000	Liquidity	Pool	 20%	 Additional	 Token	 Sale	 in	 2-3	
years’	time.	



100,000,000	Treasury	 10%	 Emergency	Fund	&	Legal	Fees	
-	These	will	be	subject	to	a	2-
year	lock-up.		

50,000,000	Bounty	Program			 5%	 Distributed	to	developers	for	
backing	the	project	over	the	
first	2	years	until	projected	
profitability.		

50,000,000	Advisors	 5%	 Advisor	will	be	subject	to	
60%	locked	for	12	months;	
40%	locked	for	24	months	

200,000,000	 Team	Members,	
Early	Backers	and	Investors		

20%	 Team	member	and	Investors	
will	be	subject	to	60%	locked	
up	for	12	months;	40%	locked	
up	for	24	months	

	
 

 
Token	Demand	and	Supply	
	

The	price	for	the	TMT	will	be	priced	by	markets	and	exchanges,	identical	to	any	
other	token.	As	our	network	and	ecosystem	grows	—	more	Buyers	and	Sellers	 issuing	
their	digital	assets	using	the	services	from	Issuing	and	Listing	Providers	in	the	ecosystem	
—	the	total	amount	of	TMT	remains	fixed	to	max.	1,000,000,000	Tokens.	Such	an	upper	
ceiling	triggers	 traditional	market	dynamics,	as	soon	as	Buyers	and	Sellers	 issue	smart	
contracts	 representing	 their	 B2B	 trade	 obligation,	 generating	 TMT	 demand	 since	 a	
membership	is	required	to	access	the	ecosystem.		
	



Token	Amounts	and	Discounts	during	Pre-Sale	and	Sale	
	
The	total	amount	of	TMT	Tokens	sold	in	will	be	400,000,000.00	in	this	first	Token	Sale.	
The	price	for	the	TMT	will	be	reduced	during	the	pre-Sale	and	early	phases	of	the	sale	as	
follows:	
Phase		 Pre/Private-

Sale		
Sale	 (1st	
round)		

Sale	 (2nd	
round)	

Sale	 (3rd	
round)	

Total	sale	

TMT	
Max	
Amount		

220,000,000	 180,000,000	 Depending	
on	
previous	
round3	

Depending	
on	
previous	
round	

400,000,000	

Discount		 40%		 20%		 10%	 0%	 na	

Max.	
USD	

7,260,000	 7,920,000	 Depending	
on	
previous	
round	

Depending	
on	
previous	
round	

15,180,000	

	
	
Usage	of	Proceeds	from	Token	Sale		
	
Business	Area	 Max.	budget	in	USD		 Portion	of	Budget	 Activities		
Business	
Development	&	Sales	

~4,554,000	 ~30%	 Salaries	 and	 Sales	
Related	Expenses	

Smart-Contract	
Development		

~6,070,000	 ~40%	 Product	
development	

Legal	and	Compliance	 ~2,277,000	 ~15%	 Company	
establishment,	
Contracts,	licenses		

Liquidity	Buffer		 ~2,277,000	 ~15%	 Manage	
Uncertainty		

Loan	Warehousing		 ~0	 ~0%	 Loan	Warehousing4	

	
Team		
	

The	LiqEase	core	 team	holds	deep	expertise	 in	 launching	and	executing	digital	
projects	 successfully	 both	 independently	 and	 for	 large	 corporations.	 The	 team	 has	 a	
variety	of	knowledge	in	various	disciplines	such	as	digital	platforms,	payments,	fintech,	
FMCG,	supply	chain	management,	software	engineering	and	more.	Profiles	of	the	team	
members	are	posted	on	www.traxia.co			
	
																																																								
3	in	all	phases	combined	the	total	amount	of	TMT	sold	can	not	be	more	than	
400,000,000.00	during	the	Token	Sale	from	March-May	2018	
4	The	Loan	Warehousing	Facility	will	be	covered	through	3rd	party	investors	such	as	e.g.	
Quark	Finance		



	
	
Legal		
	
Important	Notice	
This	document	contains	the	terms	and	conditions	(the	"Terms")	which	govern	the	Token	
Generating	Event	("TGE")	of	the	Traxia	Foundation	("Traxia	Foundation").	In	the	TGE,	the	
Traxia	Foundation	will	issue	[ERC20]	tokens	(the	“Traxia	Tokens”)	to	participants	making	
contributions	in	the	course	of	the	TGE	(the	“Participants”),	which	grant	certain	rights	as	
set	 out	 herein	 and	 in	 the	 Traxia	 Foundation's	 Whitepaper	 (the	 "Whitepaper").	
Participants	must	read,	understand	and	consent	to	both	the	Terms	and	the	Whitepaper	
and	 sign	 a	 pertaining	 Token	 Purchase	 Agreement,	 all	 available	 at	
https://www.traxia.co/terms-and-conditions,	before	they	participate	in	the	TGE.		
The	 Traxia	 Foundation	 is	 a	 foundation	 established	 under	 the	 laws	 of	 Switzerland	 and	
registered	in	the	commercial	register	of	the	state	of	Zug;	its	legal	domicile	is	in	Zug.	The	
projects	 which	 the	 Traxia	 Foundation	 pursues	 are	 described	 in	 detail,	 though	 not	
comprehensively,	in	the	Whitepaper.		
	
No	Solicitation	
Participants	interested	in	supporting	the	Traxia	Foundation	and	its	projects	may	do	so	by	
acquiring	 Traxia	 Tokens	 and	 following	 the	 procedure	 set	 out	 herein	 as	well	 as	 in	 the	
Whitepaper,	having	agreed	in	advance	to	the	Terms	and	the	Whitepaper.	
Neither	these	Terms	nor	the	Whitepaper	do	constitute	an	offer	to	sell,	or	a	solicitation	of	
an	offer	to	buy,	an	interest	in	any	jurisdiction	in	which	it	is	unlawful	to	make	such	an	offer	
or	solicitation.	Neither	the	Swiss	Financial	Market	Supervisory	Authority	(FINMA),	the	U.S.	
Securities	 and	 Exchange	 Commission	 (SEC)	 nor	 any	 other	 federal,	 state,	 or	 foreign	
regulatory	 authority	 has	 approved	 a	 contribution	 to	 the	 Traxia	 Foundation	 or	 the	
acquisition	 of	 the	 Traxia	 Tokens.	 Furthermore,	 the	 foregoing	 authorities	 have	 not	
confirmed	the	accuracy	or	determined	the	adequacy	of	these	Terms,	nor	is	it	intended	
that	 the	 foregoing	authorities	will	do	 so.	Any	 representation	 to	 the	contrary	 is	 illegal.	
Accordingly,	Participants	will	not	be	afforded	the	protection	of	respective	laws.	
Furthermore,	 Participants	 confirm	 that	 they	 have	 not	 been	 solicited	 to	 make	 a	
contribution	to	the	Traxia	Foundation	or	to	acquire	Traxia	Tokens,	but	that	any	of	their	
contributions	were	made	upon	their	own	request.	
	
	
	
Experience	and	Suitability	
Participants	shall	only	participate	in	the	TGE	if	and	when	(i)	they	have	carefully	considered	
and	 thoroughly	 reviewed	 the	 information	 contained	 in	 these	 Terms	 as	well	 as	 in	 the	
Whitepaper,	 (ii)	 they	 fully	 understand	 the	 risks,	 costs,	 and	 benefits	 associated	 with	
receiving	 Traxia	 Tokens,	 (iii)	 they	 agree	 to	 be	 bound	 by	 these	 Terms,	 and	 (ii)	 the	
Whitepaper	and	the	Terms	are	acceptable	for	them.		
Significant	 experience	 with,	 and	 understanding	 of,	 the	 usage	 and	 intricacies	 of	
cryptographic	 tokens	 and	 blockchain-based	 software	 systems	 are	 essential	 for	
Participants	 to	 participate	 in	 the	 TGE.	 The	 Participants	 bear	 the	 sole	 responsibility	 to	



determine	if	the	acquisition	of	Traxia	Tokens	or	the	potential	appreciation	or	depreciation	
in	their	value	over	time	has	tax	implications	for	the	Participants	in	their	home	jurisdictions.		
Participants	shall	not	construe	these	Terms	as	investment,	legal,	tax,	regulatory,	financial,	
accounting,	or	other	advice,	and	they	are	not	intended	to	provide	the	sole	basis	for	any	
evaluation	of	a	contribution.	Prior	to	acquiring	Traxia	Tokens,	Participants	should	consult	
with	their	own	legal,	investment,	tax,	accounting,	and	other	advisors	to	determine	(i)	the	
potential	 benefits,	 burdens,	 and	 other	 consequences	 of	 such	 investment,	 including	
without	 limitation	 a	 Participant’s	 financial	 situation	 and	 goals,	 and	 (ii)	 suitability	 and	
appropriateness	of	the	acquisition,	holding	and	disposition	of	Traxia	Tokens.	Participants	
are	entirely	responsible	for	the	financial	risk	of	their	contribution	during	the	entire	term.	
	
Rights	related	to	Traxia	Tokens	
By	participating	 in	the	TGE	and	obtaining	the	Traxia	Token	 in	the	course	of	 the	 latter,	
Participants	acquire	no	rights	whatsoever,	neither	expressed	nor	implied,	related	to	the	
Traxia	Foundation	or	its	projects.	 In	particular,	Participants	will	have	no	influence	over	
the	governance	of	the	Traxia	Foundation,	and	no	control	over	its	distribution,	allocation	
and	use	of	 the	Participants’	 contributions,	which	may	 include	 covering	 costs	 incurred	
before	 the	 TGE,	 strategic	 reserves,	 and	 awards	 for	 beneficiaries	 (including	 without	
limitation	parties	affiliated	with	the	Traxia	Foundation,	any	related	legal	entities	or	the	
projects)	who	in	the	Traxia	Foundation’s	view	significantly	contributed	to	the	projects.	It	
is	 thus	 in	 the	 Traxia	 Foundation’s	 sole	 discretion	 how	 and	 to	 whom	 Participants’	
contribution	will	be	given	in	the	context	of	its	projects;	it	will	do	so	as	it	deems	fit.		
Participants’	contributions	 in	 the	course	of	 the	TGE	are	 final	and	non-refundable.	The	
Participants	acknowledge	that	the	Traxia	Foundation	is	not	required	to	provide	a	refund	
for	any	reason,	and	the	Participants	will	not	receive	money	or	other	compensation	for	
any	Traxia	Tokens	that	are	not	used	or	remain	unused.		
A	 participation	 in	 the	 TGE	 involves	 a	 high	 degree	 of	 risk,	 volatility,	 and	 illiquidity.	
Participants	need	to	be	aware	that	by	participating	in	the	TGE,	their	entire	contribution	
to	the	Traxia	Foundation	may	be	lost	for	whatever	reason,	in	particular	due	to	the	fact	
that	the	Traxia	Foundation	and	its	project	are	still	under	development,	and	no	warranties	
can	be	given	that	it	will	be	successfully	completed.	The	Traxia	Foundation	will	–	on	a	best	
efforts	basis	–	take	economically	reasonable	measures	to	issue	the	Traxia	Tokens	and	to	
release	the	project,	but	it	may	be	possible	that	the	project	launch	will	not	occur,	or	that	
the	 Traxia	 Tokens,	 even	 if	 successfully	 developed	 and	 maintained,	 may	 not	 meet	
Participants’	expectations	at	the	time	of	purchase.	As	a	consequence,	the	Traxia	Token	
may	have	no	value	after	all.	Contrary	to	traditional	start-up	financings,	Participants	do	
not	have	any	comparable	rights	at	all;	they	are	neither	shareholders	(equity	financing)	
nor	creditors	(debt	financing),	and	they	do	not	have	any	corresponding	rights	whatsoever.	
Furthermore,	the	Traxia	Foundation	may	at	any	given	time	cancel	the	TGE	for	whatever	
reason	and	in	its	sole	discretion.	In	addition,	no	guarantees	can	be	given	that	the	TGE	will	
be	 carried	 out	 or	 completed	 in	 accordance	 with	 the	 time-frame	 as	 set	 out	 in	 the	
Whitepaper.		
	
Authorization	
Participants	represent	and	warrant	that	they	are	authorized	to	acquire	and	obtain	Traxia	
Tokens	in	their	relevant	jurisdiction,	that	they	are	not	subject	to	a	jurisdiction	where	the	



distribution,	acquisition,	holding	and	resale	of	Traxia	Tokens	 is	restricted,	and	are	of	a	
legal	age	to	be	bound	by	these	Terms.		
They	shall	make	their	own	investigations	and	evaluations	of	the	contributions	that	will	be	
delivered	 pursuant	 thereto,	 including	 the	merits	 and	 risks	 involved.	 Participants	 shall	
inform	 themselves	 as	 to	 the	 legal	 requirements	 applicable	 to	 them	 in	 respect	 of	 the	
acquisition,	holding,	and	disposition	of	the	Traxia	Tokens	upon	their	delivery,	and	as	to	
the	 income	 and	 other	 tax	 consequences	 to	 them	 of	 such	 acquisition,	 holding,	 and	
disposition.		They	shall	accordingly	observe	all	applicable	restrictions.	
These	Terms	shall	not	be	used	or	relied	upon	by	any	person	who	is	subject	to	laws	which	
for	whatever	reason	prohibit	or	restrict	the	distribution,	publication,	availability	or	use	of	
these	 Terms	 and	 the	 Whitepaper	 or	 any	 actions	 taken	 thereunder,	 such	 as	 the	
distribution,	acquisition,	holding	and	resale	of	Traxia	Tokens	(including	without	limitation	
citizens	or	residents	of	the	U.S.,	Canada,	U.K.,	Singapore,	North	and	South	Korea,	Hong	
Kong,	China).		
With	 regard	 to	 the	aforementioned,	 including	without	 limitation	 in	 case	of	 regulatory	
actions	against	Participants	who	acquired	Traxia	Tokens	despite	any	applicable	limitations	
in	their	jurisdictions,	Participants	further	represent	and	warrant	that	they	will	not	hold	
the	Traxia	Foundation,	its	affiliates,	officers,	directors,	agents,	joint	ventures,	employees,	
advisors	and	suppliers,	now	or	 in	 the	 future,	 liable	 for	any	 losses,	 costs	or	any	direct,	
special,	incidental,	or	consequential	damages	arising	out	of,	or	in	any	way	related	to,	the	
TGE	or	the	Traxia	Foundation.	
	
Forward-Looking	Statements	
Certain	statements	contained	in	the	Terms	or	the	Whitepaper	constitute	forward-looking	
statements.	 Such	 forward-looking	 statements,	 including	 the	 intended	 actions	 and	
performance	 objectives	 of	 the	 Traxia	 Foundation,	 involve	 known	 and	 unknown	 risks,	
uncertainties,	 and	 other	 important	 factors	 that	 could	 cause	 the	 actual	 results,	
performance,	or	achievements	of	the	Traxia	Foundation	in	its	development	of	the	project	
to	differ	materially	from	any	future	results,	performance,	or	achievements	expressed	or	
implied	by	such	forward-looking	statements.	No	representation	or	warranty	is	made	as	
to	 future	 performance	 or	 such	 forward-looking	 statements.	 All	 forward-looking	
statements	in	the	Terms	or	the	Whitepaper	speak	only	as	of	the	date	hereof.	The	Traxia	
Foundation	expressly	disclaims	any	obligation	or	undertaking	to	disseminate	any	updates	
or	revisions	to	any	forward-looking	statement	contained	herein	to	reflect	any	change	in	
its	expectation	with	regard	thereto	or	any	change	in	events,	conditions,	or	circumstances	
on	which	any	such	statement	is	based.	
	
	
	
Provision	of	Additional	Information	
The	Traxia	Foundation	will	cooperate	with	all	law	enforcement	enquiries,	subpoenas,	or	
requests	provided	they	are	fully	supported	and	documented	by	the	law	in	the	relevant	
jurisdictions.	This	also	applies	to	information	requests	with	regard	to	Participants	from	
regulatory	authorities.	
Immediately	 upon	 first	 request,	 Participants	 shall	 provide	 to	 the	 Traxia	 Foundation	
information	which	it	deems,	in	its	sole	discretion,	to	be	required	to	maintain	compliance	
with	 any	 federal,	 state,	 local,	 domestic	 or	 foreign	 laws,	 regulations	 or	 policies.	 The	



Participants	 acknowledge	 that	 the	 Traxia	 Foundation	 may	 refuse	 to	 distribute	 Traxia	
Tokens	until	such	requested	information	will	be	provided.		
	
Limitation	of	Liability	
Participants	 release	 the	Traxia	Foundation	and	 its	 respective	predecessors,	 successors	
and	assigns	–	to	the	fullest	extent	permitted	by	law	–	from	all	claims,	demands,	actions,	
damages,	 losses,	 costs	 and	 expenses	 of	 every	 kind	 and	 nature,	 known	 and	 unknown	
(including,	but	not	limited	to,	claims	of	negligence,	actions	for	breach	of	warranty,	breach	
of	contract,	tort),	arising	out	of	or	otherwise	in	connection	with:	(a)	their	contributions	
to	the	Traxia	Foundation;	(b)	their	participation	in	the	Traxia	Foundation's	TGE;	(c)	their	
rights,	 responsibilities	or	obligations	under	 these	Terms	and	the	Whitepaper;	 (d)	 their	
violation	of	these	Terms;	or	(e)	their	violation	of	any	rights	of	any	other	person	or	entity,	
including	in	relation	to	or	arising	out	of	disputes	between	the	Traxia	Foundation	and	them	
or	between	them	and	other	participants	in	the	TGE,	and	the	acts	or	omissions	of	third	
parties,	or	(f)	their	envisaged	future	use	of	the	Traxia	Token.	
	
Indemnification	
Participants	 shall	 indemnify	 the	 Traxia	 Foundation	 and	 its	 respective	 predecessors,	
successors	and	assigns	–	 to	 the	 fullest	extent	permitted	by	 law	–	 from	and	against	all	
claims,	demands,	actions,	damages,	losses,	costs	and	expenses	(including	attorneys’	fees)	
that	arise	out	of	or	are	otherwise	connected	with:	(a)	their	contribution	to	the	Foundation;	
(b)	 their	 participation	 in	 the	 TGE;	 (c)	 their	 rights,	 responsibilities	 or	 obligations	under	
these	Terms	and	the	Whitepaper;	(d)	their	violation	of	these	Terms;	or	(e)	their	violation	
of	any	rights	of	any	other	person	or	entity.	The	Traxia	Foundation	reserves	the	right	to	
exercise	sole	control	over	the	defense,	at	the	Participants'	expense,	of	any	claim	subject	
to	indemnification	under	this	section.	This	indemnity	is	in	addition	to,	and	not	in	lieu	of,	
any	 other	 indemnity	 implied	 into	 or	 set	 forth	 in	 any	 written	 agreement	 between	
Participants	and	the	Traxia	Foundation	or	provided	by	any	applicable	laws.	
	
Disclaimer	of	Warranties	
Participants	expressly	agree	that	they	obtain	Traxia	Tokens	at	their	own	risk	and	that	the	
Traxia	 Tokens	 are	provided	on	 an	 “as	 is”	 basis	without	warranties	 of	 any	 kind,	 either	
express	or	implied,	including	without	limitation	warranties	of	title	or	implied	warranties,	
merchantability	or	 fitness	 for	a	particular	purpose.	Without	 limiting	 the	 foregoing,	no	
warranty	is	given	that	the	TGE	will	be	uninterrupted,	error-free	or	fully	completed.	
	
Severability	
If	any	portion	of	these	Terms	is	found	illegal	or	unenforceable,	in	whole	or	in	part,	such	
provision	 shall,	 as	 to	 such	 jurisdiction,	 be	 ineffective	 solely	 to	 the	 extent	 of	 such	
determination	 of	 invalidity	 or	 unenforceability	 without	 affecting	 the	 validity	 or	
enforceability	 thereof	 in	 any	 other	 manner	 or	 jurisdiction	 and	 without	 affecting	 the	
remaining	provisions	of	the	Terms,	which	shall	continue	to	be	in	full	force	and	effect.	
	
Updates	to	the	Terms	
The	Traxia	Foundation	reserves	the	right,	at	its	sole	discretion,	to	change,	modify,	add,	or	
remove	portions	of	the	Terms	at	any	time	during	the	TGE	by	posting	the	amended	Terms	
on	 its	 website	 https://www.traxia.co/terms-and-conditions.	 Any	 Participant	 will	 be	



deemed	 to	 have	 accepted	 such	 changes	 by	 purchasing	 Traxia	 Tokens.	 If	 at	 any	 point	
Participants	do	not	agree	to	any	portion	of	the	then-current	version	of	the	Terms,	they	
should	not	purchase	Traxia	Tokens.	
	
Governing	Law	and	Dispute	Resolution	
These	Terms	shall	be	governed	by,	 interpreted	and	construed	 in	accordance	with	 the	
substantive	laws	of	Switzerland,	without	giving	effect	to	its	conflict	of	laws	principles.	
Any	 claim	 or	 dispute	 arising	 out	 of	 these	 Terms	 shall	 be	 submitted	 to	 the	 exclusive	
jurisdiction	of	the	competent	courts	in	Zug,	Switzerland,	and	Participants	hereby	submit	
irrevocably	to	the	jurisdiction	of	such	courts	with	the	exclusion	of	any	other	jurisdiction	
and	formally	waive	any	and	all	claims	with	respect	thereto	including	any	claim	of	forum	
non	conveniens.	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Works	Cited	
	
	
Asian	Development	Bank.	(2016).	Retrieved	from	Asian	Development	Bank:	

https://www.adb.org/news/global-trade-finance-gap-reaches-16-trillion-smes-
hardest-hit-adb	

Bank	for	International	Settlement.	(2014).	Trade	Finance:	Development	and	issues.	
Retrieved	from	https://www.bis.org/publ/cgfs50.pdf	



Deloitte.	(2017).	Applying	blockchain	in	securitization.	Retrieved	from	
https://digitalchamber.org/assets/sfig-blockchain-report.pdf	

International	Chamber	of	Commerce.	(2016).	2016	Rethinking	Trade	&	Finance.	
Retrieved	from	
http://store.iccwbo.org/content/uploaded/pdf/ICC_Global_Trade_and_Finance
_Survey_2016.pdf	

International	Chamber	of	Commerce.	(2017).	2017	Rethinking	Trade	Finance.	
Retrieved	from	https://iccwbo.org/publication/2017-rethinking-trade-finance/	

International	Chamber	of	Commerce.	(2017).	Rethinking	Trade	Finance.	Retrieved	from	
https://cdn.iccwbo.org/content/uploads/sites/3/2017/06/2017-rethinking-
trade-finance.pdf	

International	Labour	Office.	(2015).	Small	and	Medium-Sized	Enterprises	and	Decent	
and	Productive	Employment	Creation,	Report	IV.		

International	Monetary	Fund.	(2016).	Recent	trends	in	correspondent	banking	
relationships	—	further	considerations	.		

Kemper,	S.	(2016).	Sandy	Kemper	keynote	at	the	FinTech	Financial	Future	Summit.	
Retrieved	from	https://c2fo.com/zh-tw/2016/05/05/sandy-kemper-keynote-
fintech-financial-future-summit/	

PwC.	(2017).	Supply	Chain	Forum	Barometer.	Retrieved	from	
https://www.pwc.nl/nl/assets/documents/pwc-scf-barometer.pdf	

World	Economic	Forum.	(2015).	Retrieved	from	
https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2015/10/5-steps-to-closing-the-2-trillion-
credit-gap/	

World	Economic	Forum.	(2015).	The	Future	of	Fintech:	A	Paradigm	Shift	in	Small	
Business	Finance.		

World	Trade	Organization.	(2008).	Restoring	Trade	Finance	during	a	period	of	Financial	
Crisis.	Retrieved	from	
https://www.wto.org/english/res_e/reser_e/ersd200916_e.pdf	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Annex	–	Technical	Details	
	
	
Introduction	
		

The	smart	contract	represents	an	asset	issued	by	a	business	entity	after	a	trade	
has	 been	 confirmed.	 By	 providing	 the	 necessary	 infrastructure,	 issuing	 and	 listing	



providers	earn	TMT	tokens	for	providing	such	services.	The	tokens	TMT	and	the	smart	
contracts	make	the	creation	of	such	an	ecosystem	therefore	viable.				
	
The	purpose	of	this	section	is	to		
(1)	 Introduce	the	Traxia	Network,	provide	an	overview	of	 the	transaction	scheme	and	
logic	and	looks	at	some	components	in	more	detail.		
(2)	categorize	and	define	a	decentralized	liquidity	network	(DLN)	and	argue	for	Traxia	as	
a	DLN.	
(3)	Formalizes	verifiable	assets	and	constructs	two	scenarios,	Liquidity	Provision	and	a	
Liquidity	Retrieval,	governed	by	the	information	written	to	and	read	from	smart	contract,	
respectively.	
(4)	 Discusses	 use	 cases,	 connections	 to	 other	 systems,	 and	 how	 to	make	 use	 of	 the	
ecosystem.	
	

Our	 smart	 contracts	 provide	 liquidity	 and	 retrieval	 services	 from	 a	 network	 of	
independent	 liquidity	 providers	 and	 payment	 service	 providers	 to	 settle	 transactions	
through	 traditional	 channels.	 (a)	 issuers	 pay	 to	 get	 access	 to	 liquidity	 providers	 (b)	
liquidity	providers	get	paid	through	traditional	banking	channels5	(c)	 issuing	and	listing	
providers	earn	tokens	by	providing	the	technical	infrastructure			
	

(1) Fundamental	Components		
The	Traxia	network	and	its	tokens	build	upon	two	unique	components:	
	

1. Decentralized	Liquidity	Network	 (DLN):	a	network	of	 independent	entities	 that	
provision	liquidity	through	issuing	and	listing	providers.	The	Traxia	network	is	an	
incentivized,	auditable	and	verifiable	DLN	construct.		

2. Verifiable	Assets:	Liquidity	provision	requests	and	retrieval	requests	are	modeled	
as	traditional	orders	on	the	markets	provided	by	the	Listing	Providers	within	the	
Traxia	 network.	 Verifiable	 assets	 ensure	 that	 payments	 are	 initiated	 when	 a	
service	has	been	legally	agreed	upon	between	a	Buyer	and	Seller.		

	
Participants	

Any	 active	 business	 can	 participate	 as	 a	 client	 and	 make	 use	 of	 the	 services	
provided.	Liquidity	Providers	need	to	hold	the	necessary	licenses	and	may	be	classified	
as	professional	investor	in	the	jurisdiction	they	are	operating	in.		
	
Clients	pay	to	access	additional	liquidity	through	the	technical	infrastructure	provided	by	
the	 Traxia	 ecosystem	 and	 its	 partners	 (Issuing	 and	 Listing	 Providers)	 within	 the	 DLN.	
Liquidity	Providers	and	Issuers	settle	their	trade	individually.		
	

Issuing	 and	 Listing	Providers	 are	 required	 to	provide	 the	 services	 as	described	
under	 section	 ‘Traxia’s	 Solution’.	 For	 the	 near	 future,	 the	 foundation	 is	 exclusively	
working	and	supporting	LiqEase	to	guarantee	quality	and	compliance	since	Traxia’s	board	
controls	LiqEase.	It	will	be	a	guided	decentralisation	process	driven	by	the	foundation	due	

																																																								
5	This	is	subject	to	change	depending	on	the	regulatory	environment.	Settling	all	transactions	on	a	
blockchain	does	of	course	make	more	sense	from	a	efficiency	and	technology	point	of	view.		



to	 the	 regulatory	 uncertainty	 and	 the	 need	 for	 guidelines	 and	 laws	 in	 the	 respective	
jurisdictions	to	make	a	truly	decentralized	Traxia	ecosystem	feasible	and	compliant.		
	

Proof	of	issuing	needs	to	be	submitted	by	the	Issuing	Provider	to	the	Network	that	
an	asset	has	been	generated	at	a	certain	point	 in	time.	Missing	proofs	can	be	used	to	
impose	penalties	on	the	Issuing	Providers.		
	

Listing	 providers	 need	 to	 proof	 that	 an	 asset	 is	 verifiable,	 liquidity	 has	 been	
provisioned	and	retrieved.					
	
The	Ecosystem		
All	users	and	partners	that	are	providing	software	and	infrastructure	to	make	access	to	
the	Traxia	network	possible,	are	defined	as	one	abstract	entity:	The	Ecosystem.		
The	Ecosystem	acts	as	an	agent	to	manage,	validate	and	repair	potential	mistakes	within	
the	network.		
	
The	Ledger	
Our	smart	contracts	are	applied	on	top	of	a	ledger-based	technology	and	we	intend	to	
use	Cardano	for	our	future	development.	The	Ledger	 is	accessible	by	the	users	at	any	
given	time.	The	Traxia	DLN	can	be	implemented	and	deployed	on	top	of	any	other	ledger	
that	allows	for	the	structure	of	the	smart	contracts	as	defined	in	this	document.		
	
The	Issuing	Providers		
Issuing	Providers	offer	the	technological	infrastructure	to	make	it	seamless	and	smooth	
for	businesses	to	issue	their	assets	using	traditional	web	technologies	in	a	combination	
with	modern	blockchain	elements.			
	
The	Listing	Providers	
Liquidity	(Supply)	and	the	Demand	for	such	is	met	at	the	markets	operated	by	the	Listing	
Providers.	 In	 brief,	 Issuers	 and	 Liquidity	 Providers	 set	 the	prices	 for	 the	 services	 they	
request	by	submitting	their	orders	to	the	markets.	Those	markets	provide	a	way	for	users	
to	identify	suitable	offers	and	execute	deals.		
	
Smart	Contract	Overview	
The	smart	contracts	are	the	basis	of	the	Decentralised	Liquidity	Platform.	Issuers	(Buyers,	
Sellers)	who	make	use	of	the	smart	contract	‘template’	and	list	their	individual	assets	will	
need	to	purchase	TMT	to	access	the	ecosystem.		
	

The	purchase	and	distribution	of	TMTon	behalf	of	the	Issuer	will	be	automatically	
handled	by	the	smart	contract.	 (a)	verifying	the	amount	of	a	to	be	 issued	asset	 in	the	
currency	chosen	by	Buyer	and/or	Seller	via	their	digital	signature	(b)	posting	transaction	
and	currency	settlement	requests	to	payment	service	provider	(c)	initiate	TMT	purchase	
order	and	distribution	in	accordance	with	the	prices	defined	between	Issuers	and	Issuing	
and	Listing	Providers.					
	



The	 Traxia	 DLN	 can	 handle	 liquidity	 provision	 and	 retrieval	 requests	 Listing	
Providers	and	their	markets.	Issuers	and	Issuing,	Listing	Providers	set	the	prices	for	the	
requested	services.		
	

Issuing	 and	 Listing	 Providers	 are	 independent	 business	 entities	 that	 act	 and	
conduct	business	on	behalf	of	themselves	and	in	their	own	best	interest.	To	some	extent	
they	can	be	compared	to	mining	providers	where	an	offline	hardware	infrastructure	is	
needed	but	 the	 service	 is	 completely	automatized	and	essential	 for	 the	ecosystem	 to	
function	and	therefore	necessary	part	of	the	Traxia	ecosystem	and	network.	
	

Smart	contract	overview		

Network		
	
at	each	time	t	in	the	Network	N:	

1. For	each	new	Listing	request		
(a) Check	if	the	asset	is	in	the	right	format		
(b) Check	if	all	proofs	are	valid	
(c) Discard	asset	if	any	above	fails	

	
2. For	each	new	asset	a	introduced	in	t	
(a) Issuing	Contract	attached		
(b) Invoice	attached		
(c) Trade	documents	available	
(d) Trade	contracts	available	
(e) Discount	defined		
(f) Maturity	defined				

	
Issuer	
	
at	any	time	via	Issuing	Provider	

1. Submit	new	asset	generation	request		
2. Submit	Liquidity	provision	request		

	

Liquidity	Provision	Market		
	
at	any	time	via	Listing	Provider	

1. Submit	new	ask	and	bid	order	for	listed	
asset	

	
at	any	time	t	via	Listing	Provider	

1. For	each	asset		
(a) Find	 matching	 assets	 based	 on	

requirements	
	
on	receiving	asset	i	from	issuer	I	

1. Check	 if	 token	 matches	 asset	 defined	
upon	issuing		

2. Initiate	 payment	 through	 payment	
service	provider	

		
Liquidity	Retrieval	Market	
	
at	any	time	via	Listing	Provider	

1. On	Maturity	of	asset	a	
(2) payment	 through	 a	 payment	 service	

provider	to	Issuer	is	initiated		
(3) TMT	 are	 distributed	 to	 Issuing	 and	

Listing	Providers	for	their	services	
	

		
	
Definition	of	a	Decentralized	Liquidity	Network		
	

A	 Decentralized	 Liquidity	 Network	 (DLN)	 runs	 as	 an	 autonomous	 system	 that	
aggregates	 liquidity	 from	 various	 independent	 liquidity	 providers,	 providing	 liquidity	
provision	 and	 retrieval	 markets	 for	 Issuers	 in	 a	 self-coordinated	 way.	 Having	 a	
decentralized	coordination	without	trusted	parties	in	place	is	technically	feasible	through	



the	use	of	protocols	to	verify	and	coordinate	operations	that	are	carried	out	by	individual	
Issuers.				
	
A	DLN	is	governed	by	two	main	principles:	
	

Put(asset)	!	identifier:	Clients	execute	the	Put	request	to	issue	an	asset	under	a	
unique	identifier.	

Get(identifier)	 !	 asset:	 Clients	 execute	 the	 Get	 protocol	 to	 retrieve	 asset	
(information)	that	is	currently	stored	using	the	identifier.	
	
Properties		
	
Integrity		
No	attacker	can	convince	Issuers	to	accept	altered	or	falsified	assets.	
Definition:	A	DLN	scheme	provides	asset	integrity	if:	for	any	successful	Put	execution	for	
some	asset	 (a)	under	 identifier	 (i),	 there	 is	no	computationally-bounded	adversary	 (A)	
that	can	convince	an	Issuer	to	accept	falsified	asset	(a’)	at	the	end	of	a	Get	execution	for	
identifier	(i).	
	
Retrievability	
	
This	property	captures	the	requirement	that,	given	our	fault-tolerance	assumptions	of,	if	
some	asset	has	been	successfully	stored	in	and	issuing	and	listing	providers	continue	to	
follow	the	standards	defined	in	a	SPA	token	template,	then	users	can	eventually	retrieve	
the	asset.	
	
Definition:	A	DLN	scheme	provides	retrievability	if:	for	any	successful	Put	execution	for	
asset	under	identifier,	there	exists	a	successful	Get	execution	for	identifier	for	which	a	
user	retrieves	the	asset.	
	
Publicly	verifiable		
	
Definition:	A	DLN	scheme	is	publicly	verifiable	if:	for	each	successful	Put,	the	network	of	
issuing	providers	can	generate	a	proof	that	the	asset	 is	currently	being	issued.	It	must	
convince	any	efficient	verifier,	which	only	knows	the	identifier	and	does	not	have	access	
to	the	asset.	
	
Auditable		
	
Definition:	A	DLN	scheme	is	auditable,	if	it	generates	a	verifiable	trace	of	operation	that	
can	be	checked	 in	the	future	to	confirm	 liquidity	was	 indeed	provisioned	for	the	right	
duration	of	time.	
	
Incentive	driven	
	
Definition:	A	DLN	scheme	is	incentive	driven,	if:	Issuing,	Listing	and	Liquidity	Providers	are	
rewarded	 for	 successfully	 offering	 liquidity	 and	 retrieval	 service,	 or	 penalized	 for	



misbehaving,	so	that	the	Issuing	and	Listing	providers'	dominant	strategy	is	to	provide	a	
working	technology	infrastructure	to	make	the	provision	of	liquidity	possible.	
	
Lifecycle	of	a	Digital	Asset	(Smart	Contract)	backed	by	a	B2B	Trade				
	
1.	Put:	Buyers	and	Sellers	issue	digital	assets	using	the	smart	contract	infrastructure.		
Buyers	and	Sellers	can	issue	their	assets	by	paying	Issuing	and	Listing	Providers	in	TMT	
tokens.	With	a	Put	request,	Buyers	and	Sellers	issue	a	digital	asset	via	an	Issuing	Provider	
and	subsequently	trigger	a	bid	order	on	the	market	operated	by	a	Listing	Provider.	After	
matching	 such	a	bid	order	with	a	ask	order	 from	a	Liquidity	Provider,	 the	Buyers	and	
Sellers	send	the	digital	asset	to	the	Liquidity	Provider.	The	parties	sign	the	order	and	a	
transaction	 is	 recorded	 on	 the	 blockchain.	 The	 pricing	 of	 such	 orders	 is	 been	 made	
between	Issuers	and	Liquidity	Providers.			
	
2.	Get:	Buyers	and	Sellers	retrieve	digital	assets	using	the	smart	contract	infrastructure			
The	Get	request	is	defined	upon	issuing	in	the	Smart	Contract	already	and	executed	in	
accordance	with	the	maturity	of	the	digital	asset	that	has	been	defined	by	the	Issuer	upon	
creation.	In	general	the	duration	should	not	extend	270	days	but	it	is	to	the	sole	discretion	
of	the	Issuer	to	set	such	duration	and	maturity	date.		
	
Liquidity	Provision	and	Retrieval	Markets		
Traxia	 makes	 use	 of	 markets	 that	 are	 operated	 by	 Listing	 Providers	 and	 aim	 to	 be	
decentralized	in	the	future.	Structure	and	Design	of	those	markets	is	inherently	defined	
by	the	requirements	of	TMT	and	the	smart	contracts	representing	a	B2B	trade.	They	are	
created	and	adapted	around	those	given	necessities.	
The	 Liquidity	 Provision	Market	 allows	 the	 Issuers	 to	 pay	 Listing	 Providers	 to	 list	 their	
assets	on	their	marketplaces.	The	Liquidity	Retrieval	Market	is	an	intrinsic	requirement	
that	is	given	by	the	smart	contract	structure	and	due	to	the	limited	duration	and	validity	
of	any	such	listed	digital	asset	represented	by	such	smart	contract.	Issuers	and	Liquidity	
Providers	 can	 set	 their	 own	 supply	 and	 demand	 driven	 prices	 to	 initiate	 transactions	
based	on	available	offers	on	the	market.	
	
DLN	Requirements	and	Guarantees		
To	 achieve	 integrity,	 retrievability,	 public	 verifiability	 and	 being	 incentive	 driven,	 the	
Traxia	DLN	established	the	following	guidelines.		
	
Integrity:	
A	Put	request	is	initiated	by	Buyer	and	Seller	after	both	parties	signed	such	a	request	with	
their	individually	assigned	private	keys.	The	cryptographic	hash	resulting	from	such	action	
is	assigned	to	the	digital	asset	and	therefore	allows	to	verify	the	 integrity	of	the	asset	
during	the	time	of	listing.		
	
Retrievability:		
Storing	 the	asset	 in	a	decentralized	way	 is	a	default	 feature	of	 the	blockchain	we	are	
building	 on.	 The	 digital	 asset	 is	 stored	 fault	 tolerant	 on	 various	 instances	 within	 the	
Ecosystem	and	a	user	can	therefore	increase	the	likelihood	of	recovery	if	one	instance	
crashes	or	disconnects.			



	
Public	Verifiability	and	Auditability:		
Issuing	Providers	are	required	to	submit	proofs	of	issuing	to	the	blockchain.	The	validity	
of	those	blocks	can	hence	be	verified	by	any	user	in	the	Ecosystem	using	those	proofs	
without	the	need	to	accessing	the	detailed	information	associated	with	the	issued	asset.	
Being	stored	on	the	blockchain,	those	immutable	proofs	are	a	trace	that	can	be	audited	
at	any	given	time.	
	
Incentive	Compatibility:		
Issuing	and	Listing	providers	are	both	rewarded	for	the	services	they	are	providing.	When	
Issuers	initiate	a	Put	request,	Issuing	Providers	are	required	to	generate	proofs	and	Listing	
Providers	to	have	a	fully	operational	marketplace	to	list	the	asset	on	behalf	of	the	Issuer.	
Issuing	Providers	that	do	not	create	proofs	will	be	denied	access	to	the	Listing	Provider	
and	 are	 not	 entitled	 to	 any	 rewards.	 Listing	 Providers	 that	 don’t	 operate	 a	 working	
marketplace	as	defined	herein	are	not	entitled	to	any	rewards.		
	
Confidentiality:		
Issuers	that	desire	their	assets	to	be	private,	can	list	and	offer	those	assets	to	preselected	
Liquidity	Providers	only.		
	
Trade	Validation	and	Settlement	-	Verifiable	Digital	Assets		
Transactions	 that	 are	 traditionally	 conducted	 between	 Buyers	 and	 Sellers	 for	 the	
exchange	of	goods	and	services	can	only	be	validated	to	a	certain	extent.	We	however,	
need	and	require	those	transactions	and	underlying	assets	to	be	verifiable	so	that	actors	
can	verify	the	legitimacy	of	the	asset	and	trade	between	Buyers	and	Sellers.	Verifiable	
digital	assets	need	confirmation	via	digital	signatures	from	two	or	more	parties	and	the	
transactions	are	transparent.	Verifiable	assets	are	a	digital	representation	that	aims	to	be	
stored	 in	 a	 decentralized	 fashion.	 Issuing	 and	 Listing	 Services	 are	 provided	 by	
independent	parties.	Issuing	can	be	verified	by	the	participants	of	the	Ecosystem	and	the	
orders	and	transactions	that	are	initiated	on	a	Marketplace	operated	by	a	Listing	Provider	
are	recorded	on	a	blockchain.			
	
A	verifiable	asset	can	be	issued	with	the	intent	to	receive	liquidity	and	be	retrieved	due	
to	the	limited	amount	of	time	such	a	digital	asset	 is	valid.	 Its	existence	and	ownership	
status	can	be	accessed	at	all	time	during	its	lifecycle	on	a	blockchain	explorer.		
	
Future	Work	on	Smart	Contracts		
Users	will	be	able	to	interact	with	the	smart	contract	by	sending	transactions	to	trigger	
specific	 functions.	 We	 aim	 to	 optimize	 those	 contracts	 to	 execute	 features	 that	 are	
desired	by	participants	 in	 the	Traxia	ecosystem.	An	example	would	be	 the	 interaction	
with	 a	 trusted	 Oracle	 to	 gather	 and	 verify	 data	 that	 is	 linked	 to	 the	 Issuer	 and	 the	
underlying	collateral	of	a	trade.		
	
Those	 digital	 asset	 related	 contracts	 can	 have	 a	 variety	 of	 useful	 features	 such	 as	
contracted	 issuing	and	 listing,	predefined	remuneration	schemes,	escrow	services	and	
more	complex	operations	such	as	updating	data	associated	with	the	asset	based	on	the	
actual	status	of	the	trade	and	supply	chain.	



	
As	mentioned	above,	our	initial	production	system	is	currently		running	on	Ethereum	and	
an	Ethereum	Sidechain.	There	is	a	significant	work	in	progress	in	terms	of	creating	bridges	
between	the	different	blockchains.	We	are	most	bullish	on	the	developments	of	Cardano	
and	intend	to	base	our	entire	solution	(TMT	and	the	Smart	Contract	framework)	on	their	
technology.	Our	overall	aim	 is	 to	use	and	bring	 the	most	advanced	 technology	 to	 the	
Issuers	 and	 participants	 of	 the	 Traxia	 ecosystem	 and	 we	 will	 therefore	 support	 such	
initiatives,	 as	 well.	 Depending	 on	 the	 regulatory	 environment	 it	 would	 be	 great	 to	
integrate	into	crypto	funds	and	cross	border	payment	settlement	systems	such	as	SWIFT	
and	others.			
	
This	document	provides	a	clear	path	towards	the	construction	and	establishment	of	the	
Traxia	Ecosystem.	We	still	consider	this	work	to	be	the	initiator	for	discussion	and	further	
research	on	potential	of	a	Decentralized	Liquidity	Network.	Our	ongoing	work	consists	of	
adapting	our	current	system	to	the	features	and	principles	described	herein.	Operating	a	
system	gives	us	the	opportunity	to	develop	according	to	market	demand	and	feedback.	
Our	future	work	will	therefore	be	driven	by	the	users	and	participants	within	the	Traxia	
Ecosystem	and	we	aim	to	make	those	works	publicly	available	by	the	end	of	2018	to	get	
and	make	use	of	additional	feedback	from	the	community.			
	


