


































ukit ico
Boosting Website Conversion With
Artificial Intelligence

ico.ukit.com v9 28.05.2018



This Whitepaper is intended for informational purposes only and does not imply any 
elements of a contractual or legally binding relationships. The primary purpose of the 
Whitepaper is to present our company’s project and to provide important information 
to potential holders of UKT tokens to facilitate the decision-making process regarding 
further association with uKit and the UKT tokens offering with the aim of their possible 
acquisition. Despite the efforts we make to ensure accuracy and relevance of the 
information provided in this document, this information is not professional advice and 
cannot be interpreted as providing such advice. We do not guarantee, and do not accept 
any kind of legal responsibility arising from, or related to the accuracy, reliability, relevance 
or completeness of any information contained in this document. Potential holders of UKT 
tokens shall contact independent professional advisers before relying on the information 
provided therein, to make any deals, enter into obligations or conduct transactions based 
on the information contained in this Whitepaper, since all information is published for 
informational purposes only.

A UKT token is not a security, digital currency, commodity or other financial instrument 
incorporated within any jurisdiction, including a jurisdiction where potential token holders 
reside. This document is not a prospectus or a quotation, it does not serve as a securities 
offer or a request for investments in the form of securities within any jurisdiction. 
We do not provide any opinion or advice regarding the acquisition, sale or other 
transactions with UKT tokens, and the fact that we are providing this Whitepaper shall not 
be used as the basis or shall not be relied upon in matters related to entering into 
agreements or making investment decisions. The Whitepaper does not oblige anyone 
to enter into any contracts, take legal obligations in regard to the sale or purchase of UKT 
tokens, nor accept any cryptocurrency or any other form of payment.

Please, carefully read the information contained in this Whitepaper and pay 
special attention to the “Terms of Use and Risk Factors” section. If you have 
any doubts as to what actions you should take, we recommend consulting 
your financial, legal, tax or other professional advisor(s).

You are not entitled and shall not buy UKT tokens if you are a citizen or 
resident (whether for tax or any other purposes) of any country or territory 
where operations with digital tokens and/or digital currencies are prohibited 
or somehow restricted by the applicable legislation. A “person” is typically 
defined as an individual who has residence in the states/territories 
concerned, or as a legal entity organized or incorporated according to the 
law of these states/territories. Token holders are not allowed to offer tokens 

2ukit ico



for sale or distribute tokens as well as resell, transfer or convey them in any 
way to the above-mentioned persons.

The text of this Whitepaper in the English language takes precedence as the 
main official source of information about uKit services and UKT tokens. 
Translation of the Whitepaper into other languages is provided for 
informational purposes only.

3ukit ico



Our Vision

Why WE are the ones doing it

Why we are doing THIS: project mission and goals

5

17

17

19

19

22

25

25

26

Our Audiences. Our Marketing Vision

Website building market

Demand for website development and maintenance services
that can be covered by automation

Demand analysis for generative design

Big data market

Marketing channels

32

32

32

33

33

34

34

35

Initial Coin Offering

UKT tokens

Technical aspects of a token

Using UKT tokens to pay for uData service

Receiving UKT tokens in exchange for data

Tokens distribution

Conditions and steps of the ICO campaign

Application of funds

37

40

Terms of use and risk factors

Team

Stage of Completion

Roadmap

27

31

Table of Contents

4ukit ico



We live in a world where 80% of people from developed countries and born after 1980 
have at least one device to search the Internet [Google, 2016]. Browsers and apps for 
global search are among the most downloaded and used software for smartphones and 
PCs [ComScore, 2016; Nielsen, 2016; Sensor Tower, 2017]. Whether accessed via mobile 
devices or desktops, this is still the same Web that became an inseparable part of our lives 
where online and offline experiences merge into one another.

Search queries for local businesses generate up to 50% of their visitors per day [Google, 
2014]. At the same time, the habit of ordering goods and services online is becoming 
more widespread — in the European Union, for example, between 2012-2016 the number 
of people who regularly made purchases or deals through the Internet increased from 44 
to 55% in all age groups [Eurostat, Digital economy and society statistics - households and 
individuals, 2017]. 

Websites remain a significant part of how businesses create their web presence. The 
number of websites is steadily growing — the figure increased by 4.5 times from 2010 to 
2015, and has since exceeded the threshold of 1 billion websites [internetlivestats, 
w3techs, 2017].

An important source of this growth are commercial websites. For example, 45% of 
American companies were represented on the web in 2009 [statisticbrain, 2017] and by 
2017, the number reached 71% [Clutch, 2017]. Eurostat, the official statistics website of 
the European Union, announced in 2016 that 77% of companies in the EU zone have 
websites [Eurostat, Internet advertising of businesses - statistics on usage of ads, 2016].

Marketing has become multichannel and websites remain the most used tool. The majority 
of business owners (89%) name websites the main channel for driving customers: in 
comparison, social networks are noted by 72% and aggregators by 32% [SmartInsights, 
2014; Invesp, 2015]. Only 15% of small teams and companies rely on their own mobile 
apps, [Clutch, 2016] realizing that people won’t download a small business application 
simply because it exists.

The survey held by Approved Index in 2017 among British individual, small and medium-
sized enterprises showed that launching a website allowed companies to increase their 
turnover by 45-62% [Approved Index, 2017].

Consumers and businesses face different sides of the same problem: the problem of 
personalizing, delivering and receiving a targeted message in the right format and at the 
right time. Seventy-seven percent of Internet users polled by Hubspot in 2016 said they 
would prefer seeing customized advertising messages rather than blocking ads 

Our Vision

5ukit ico



completely in the browser. Obviously, intrusive and irrelevant ads have become a nuisance 
to web visitors looking to make a purchase.

Automated personalization of content has become the most anticipated technology 
according to the heads of advertising and marketing departments in the US [eMarketer, 
2017]. Issues surrounding online user interests and behavior have not been ignored by 
global corporations and businesses. In fact, the Eurostat report showed that in 2016, 

Source: http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat  

6ukit ico



behavioral and geo targeting were used by 27% and 30% of the EU enterprises 
respectively, though small and medium-sized businesses applied these technologies 
almost 2 times less often than larger companies [Eurostat, Internet advertising of 
businesses - statistics on usage of ads, 2016].

The basic need of businesses remains unchanged. Attracting potential customers has 
always been and still remains the cornerstone of promotion — 70% of marketers name 
conversion rates as their top priority with online marketing [HubSpot, 2017]. 

As competition on the web grows, increasing the number of leads and sales while keeping 
the cost of attracting customers as low as possible is becoming a key task.

Marketing and its technologies are constantly becoming more complex. There are more 
and more diverse marketing tools appearing worldwide. In May 2017, Scott Brinker 
posted statistics on the growing number of marketing tools over the past six years in his 
popular blog Chief Marketer: the study found that in the last year alone, the range of 
marketing tools introduced into the marketplace increased by 40%. 

41%

22%

37% 39%

21%

35%

1% 3%

100%

90%

80%

70%

60%

50%

40%

30%

20%

10%

0%
Cost-per-acquisition

Priorities and metrics for customer acquisition campaigns

Next 12 monthCurrent target

Quality of leads Quantity of leads Other

Source: http://smartinsights.com  CAB 2014/ICM Direct

7ukit ico



With a wide array of advanced marketing tools to choose from, their intrinsic features are 
becoming more complex too. At the same time, the lack of workforce, budget and time for 
implementing and testing changes and ideas in marketing has become a key problem for 
61% of companies [BrightTALK, 2015].

A heavy workload is the reason only 39% of marketing specialists are able to account for 
complex factors such as the use of varied devices among potential leads in their 
campaigns, and 42% of marketers from the B2B sphere point out that the lack of data 
about consumers is the main obstacle to increasing conversion rates [BrightTALK, 2015].

Large businesses already benefit from personalization based on machine learning and 
data. A lot of large Internet projects use machine learning to make systems respond more 
naturally to user behavior, and make the product itself more user-friendly. One widely-
known example is Facebook with its personalized user feeds.

In addition to making ads convenient for consumers, personalization helps companies 

In these conditions, the optimization of conversion rates requires machine 
learning when it comes to working with data — the way the major players 
of the advertising industry already do it. 

5000

4000

3000

2000

1000

0
2011

~ 150
~ 350

~ 1000

~ 2000

~ 3500

~ 5000

2012 2014 2015 2016 2017

Growth of the marketing technology landscape over 7 years

Source: http://chiefmartec.com 

8ukit ico



generate revenue. Two-thirds of large businesses using personalization have already 
achieved a 6% increase in their annual revenue [BCG, 2017]. According to the forecast 
from IDC, "monetization" of big data will become the crucial profit driver for the major 
players in the advertising industry by 2025 [IDC, The Internet of Things: Getting Ready to 
Embrace its impact on Digital Economy, 2016].

Personalization based on data segmentation and deep machine learning has been 
available to retailers for years both as a market service and in the form of internal 
developments. The experience of top-level companies, such as Amazon, shows that these 
technologies do not only result in revenue growth but also increase the average visit 
depth and average session time, which gives a website higher ranking in search engines.

However, almost all quality solutions existing on the user data market are targeted 
towards large businesses. For example, data management platforms like Demdex (Adobe) 
combine a database for storage, a search of data, a platform for its analysis, and 
applications that help marketers make decisions relying on the results of computer 

The training scheme of the Amazon recommendation system based on the 
neural network. Source: Amazon AWS blog

9ukit ico



analysis. However, they are primarily aimed at marketing experts who have a huge amount 
of data from different sources at their disposal. 

We live in a time of hope for AI technology. Researches note that people are now excited 
about "smart" technologies as never before: 77% of American adults believe AI will 
become the main technology that will change the world during the next 5 years [IPSOS, 
Technologies That Will Change the World, 2017].

This vision overlaps with the needs of businesses. Eighty percent of marketing and 
advertising executives in the US say that integration of machine learning into marketing 
processes is becoming the priority task because it is seen as the main tool for improving 
user experience. Such expectations are higher than those from any other new technology. 
[SapienNitro, chiefmartech, 2016].

Emerging Technology Adoption Plans and CX Impact
based on a survey of 223 marketing technologists in North America
(November 2016)

Plan implementation within 2 years

Machine
learning

Internet of
things (IoT)

Cognitive
computing

Augmented
reality

Smartwatches Virtual
reality

Wearables 3D printing

66.3%

45.7%

59.2%

41.7%
36.8%

25.1%
17.9%

12.1%
7.2%

30.9%

18.0%

6.7% 6.3%

23.3%

12.1%

1.3%

Greatest impact on customer experience

Even philanthropic initiatives — the move Amazon made publishing the 
code of its product recommendation system driven by machine learning 
on GitHub in 2016 — face the need to have a large database to optimize 
their conversion rates. Small companies simply do not have the resources 
for implementing and developing such systems independently.

10ukit ico



The world is entering the era of humans and machines designing together. In January 
2017, O'Rielly, one of the leading publishers and organizers of technical conferences, 
including AI-themed conferences, stated in their blog that by 2025 both design 
professionals and nonprofessionals will start using AI assistants to speed up routine 
processes and to search for new hypotheses [O'Reilly, AI and the future of design: What 
will the designer of 2025 look like, 2017]. This forecast is based on the current success that 
has been reached in the field of generative design — the ability to train a machine to create 
(generate) and test different visual versions with minimal human participation (a human 
acts as a customer and assessor of the result). 

Generative design has been tested and is currently used by large corporations and their 
customers for commercial purposes: Siemens PLM Software integrated generative 
algorithms into their Solid Edge modeling application. (Their PLM software is sold to 
corporate customers, and today, it has about 15 million licenses worldwide [data taken 
from the company’s official website - https://www.plm.automation.siemens.com/en/
about_us/facts_philosophy/index.shtml]). Autodesk, the leader in the computer-aided 
design (CAD) systems, is also leaning in that direction introducing generative algorithms 
into their products.

Large IT companies are investing in generative design: Microsoft [Wired, Microsoft's Dope 
New Tool Is Like Autocomplete for Drawing, 2015] and Adobe [DesignScape: Design with 
Interactive Layout Suggestions, 2015] are among them. Adobe is already trying to 
combine technologies of machine design and large data analysis within one project 
named Sensei, which is meant for Creative Cloud users. 

An example of generative design. Image source: http://spatialpixel.com

11ukit ico



At the same time, there are widely known projects applying generative technologies such 
as Prisma, Vinci, and Mlvc which use a neural network to transform user photos and videos 
into works of art using the styles of famous artists.

Generative design and AI automation technologies have been applied in web design for 
diverse services and projects — from teaching a neural network to develop web pages 
(pix2code) to generating logos (Logojoy, Brandmark), and so on. Use of these 
technologies in web design is one of the possible next steps. The content design and 
layout are given the highest priority by website owners [Cossa, 2017], as visitors consider 
these elements important criteria when deciding whether to stay on a particular website 
or not [Trust and mistrust of online health sites, 2004]. Generative technologies, in this 
case, will help identify and test more design variations.

There are a wide range of tools that are available individually. However, an all-inclusive 
tool is more convenient. Today, features that are necessary for ordinary website owners, 
webmasters or marketers are available through different services. Projects like Kissmetrics 
increasingly identify more insights into visitors' behavior and divide the audience into 
segments more accurately. Platforms, like CanopyLabs, study consumer habits, give 
recommendations for increasing conversion rates and also analyze the result of 
implementing those recommendations. There are many services that make it possible to 
automate testing of design hypotheses through A/B testing, as well as personalize some 
parts of landing pages by dynamically changing headlines and other content. Being 
isolated, those tools are not always compatible and usually require a paid subscription.

Being developers of mass solutions for website building, we see the demand from 
thousands of small companies to access new automation technologies and increase 
functionality of various tools and services within a single platform.

Today, we are already automating the process of designing and developing websites by 
using machine learning and generative algorithms — we are making the technology, which 
was previously used only by corporations for solving their own practical issues — available 
to everyone. The next step is to combine the generative design technology with real-time 
analysis of data from Internet users.

Depersonalized information about our interests, consumer habits, purchases, clicks, etc. is 
already stored on data management platforms. By using that same data to 'recognize' 
website visitors, we will make the personalization of web pages for different audiences 
available to any business — within a single platform. The technology used by the Internet 
giants will be in everyone's hands. And the access to it will be transparent — thanks to the 
blockchain technology.

12ukit ico



The uKit AI 2.0 platform that brings together a set of tools and services to customize web 
pages follows the principle of a dynamic landing page (different designs are kept at a 
single website address and a specific design is triggered depending upon the data on 
each audience segment), and uses machine learning practices as well as the data about 
each segment’s behavior. 

What We Offer

13ukit ico



14ukit ico

The database is updated both through purchasing information from data management 
platforms (DMPs) where the details of different players of the advertising industry 
(websites, apps, advertising agencies, etc.) are forwarded, and thorough data 
contributions from other project members. Basically, uData will make it possible for 
everyone to use big data (consumer habits, interests, results of previous interactions, and 
so on) to automatically customize websites for different audience segments.

 When a user visits the needed URL address, the system will automatically identify which 
segment this user belongs to and generate a list of recommendations to rebuild your 
landing page based on the details of their previous behavior. Users will be able to get a 
part of the token by sharing the amounts of data about how visitors behave on their 
websites. If a user decides to pass the data to our system, the transparency of this 
exchange will be ensured by blockchain.

uData — the base with datasets of how user segments behave on 
the Internet 

1

Based on the segmented data, the system generates a set of recommendations on how to 
rebuild a landing page for each specific segment depending on its previous behavior.

The predictions system

2

The service uses a combination of neural networks and regular algorithms to search for 
new ways to arrange content and visualize website pages. It then puts everything together 
by using HTML and CSS coding to create a ready-to-use, adaptive front end. Originally, the 
system is developed as a service to redesign and technically update the existing websites 
(a website is automatically adapted to fit the Bootstrap grid and the code is rewritten in 
HTML5/CSS3) with their further transfer to our uKit website builder. 

In the next version (uKit AI 2.0.), the service will generate multiple options of a single page 
to suit different audiences, based on the data sets from uData. These multiple design 
versions will form a dynamic landing page. You will be able to use fractions of your token 
to ask the service to create new designs for you, this conversion will be implemented 
through the blockchain technology. 

uKit AI 1.0 — the generative design service

3



15ukit ico

The system has an automated quality check so that you can preview the machine-
designed pages before going 'live.' By studying data sets that contain both visually 
appealing, high-converting websites and poorly designed ones, our system learns to 
predict if the pages are effective or not in terms of design. This system is based on 
generative adversarial networks (GANs) that are two competing networks: one makes the 
design look worse, while the other identifies and fixes the flaws. 

The scoring system — preliminary evaluation of redesign results

4

The tool was developed by us as part of the uLanding page builder project (2017) that will 
make it possible to simultaneously show different design versions for different segments 
(customized to habits and behavior), all on one page. Depending on the incoming visitor 
data, our tool allows substituting default page information using blocks containing custom 
content that has been previously prepared by our system for this specific user.

The tool to dynamically switch content

5

The tool lets you check different design versions on one audience. Either two pages (page 
A and page B) or more design versions (A/B/n) that differ in one or several elements are 
shown to one segment in equal proportion. By providing the statistically significant 
amount of views, this makes it possible to determine the most matching page variation.

The A/B testing tool

6

The system estimates the conversion rate of dynamic landing pages and A/B page 
versions that have been shown to visitors. The effective design hypotheses generated 
within uData and shaped by uKit AI are tested automatically. The system keeps track of 
how users interact with the page (clicks, page depth, bounce rate, and so on) by collecting 
data on what improves the conversion of the particular segment on the particular landing 
page and what doesn’t. Based on new behavioral interactions of certain audiences with 
specific websites, current hypotheses are updated or the new ones are formed.

The hypotheses testing and stabilization system

7



16ukit ico

With 2 years in the market, uKit builder brings together hosting, an online CMS, a visual 
editor and an updated set of ready-to-use integrations with marketing tools. The builder is 
needed to create and add content to the initial website version that will serve as a basis 
for a dynamic landing page. Creating a website and adding content to it can be done in 
several ways: manually, by transferring content from a social media page on Facebook or 
VK, and through an automatic transfer of an existing website hosted on another platform 
(or without any) to uKit with the help of uKit AI 1.0.

The website and landing page builder

8



12 years developing online website building services for mass market. The project is being 
developed by our company — uKit Group (until 2017 it had been referred to as uCoz Web 
Services) was founded in 2005 to produce website builders and related solutions and 
services. The work experience of many key employees in their area of responsibility is 
between 3-10 years, with the majority having a proven record in maintaining and 
developing high-load and complex projects.

Project mission. Just like anyone else who works in the industry, we are web developers as 
well as consumers.

We like a seamless and smart personalization based on information about us, because it 
gives us a new level of comfort in the digital and real world. Google already makes 
suggestions about where you want to go based on your previous visits and suggests 
various routes and its directions on this already-known information. For example, say you 
want to get some milk on your way home from work and Google points you toward a 
grocery store that you might want to visit on your way. The store has a level of service you 

3.5 million active websites powered by our platforms. Our own platforms allow us to 
constantly acquire, develop and revise knowledge about the needs of website owners, 
and marketing specialists to provide service to them as well as address the needs of their 
varied audiences and potential customers.

A set of ready-to-use technologies and prototypes. Unlike conventional startups, we don’t 
start from scratch — we build a whole project around the existing uKit product with 1 
million users. The website redesign systems are currently being prepared for an alpha 
release. Also, we have an understanding of how to implement machine learning and data-
based segmentation in our industry.  

The core team has experience in working on common projects and a genuine interest in 
the field. The key people in the project have been working together for several years and 
have accumulated expertise not only in solving everyday tasks but in the direction that 
they’ll need to cover as part of the current project. For one, our CTO is on his third project 
covering neural networks and AI, and his interest and research in those fields dates back 
to the early 2010s.

Why WE are the ones doing it

Why we are doing THIS: 
project mission and goals

17ukit ico



liked on your last visit and it happens to be open. The opportunities of such 
personalization are truly unlimited and can be applied to different scenarios of interaction 
between humans and the Internet.

We like that the conversion rate of our services continues to grow. By seeing things as 
insiders, we understand that high conversion rates are achieved by maintaining dozens of 
landing pages that match different audiences, which requires a lot of resources to support 
them, analyze the incoming data, search and implement hypotheses for improvement, and 
so on. And we see that automation is the thing of the future.

Based on this vision, we are preparing the next stage in the web development: websites 
will become “smarter” by providing benefits (personalization and better user experiences) 
to both their visitors and owners thanks to conversion growth and lower marketing costs.

Goals. Just like any other established business, we dream about scaling and expanding 
the spheres of influence. For two years, we’ve been investing into the development of the 
uKit builder and uKit AI R&D by taking funds from our own earnings. But it’s a long and 
winding road. Attracting external financing is a typical move that allows us to increase 
development, take products to the next stage of public testing, and then, finally, a stable 
release. However the classical fund-raising models have their drawbacks — long 
negotiations with foundations and the loss of a degree of control over the product’s future 
by the team. Through an ICO we would like to accelerate the release of uKit AI 2.0. to 
market and accomplish the project’s mission.

18ukit ico



An increase of overall Internet penetration. (according to Internetworldstats, the 
number of Internet users increased from 1.8 to 3.36 billion people)

The emergence and spread of simple and available methods of website creation and 
maintenance (including website builders), and also the growth of freelance services, 
(for example, in the US, the number of freelancers increased by 1 million from 2014 to 
2015 [Upwork, Freelancing in America, 2016])

The demand for websites from small businesses. (Research from LeadPages and 
Infusionsoft carried out at the end of 2015 showed that 71% of entrepreneurs 
considered a website the main marketing tool, ranking it even higher than SMM, email 
marketing, traditional offline and digital channels like TV, and so on [The 2016 Small 
Business Marketing Trends Report]).

Total number of websites

2000 2005 2010 2015 2020

250 mln

0

500 mln

750 mln

1 000 mln

1 250 mln

During the period of 2010-2015 there was an intensive growth in the number of websites, 
which was caused by several factors: 

Our Audiences. Our Marketing Vision

Website building market 

19ukit ico



As reported by NetCraft monitoring company, the threshold of 1 billion websites was 
reached at the end of 2014. Since March 2016, the number of websites on the Internet has 
been steadily exceeding this level. According to Webydo, the total amount of websites in 
2013 increased by 16 million each month [Yahoo Finance, Market Analysis of the Web 
Design Industry, 2013].

Growth of the registered second-level domains. This market shows stable growth. 
According to reports from DomainWire, the average quarterly growth of the registered 
second-level domains is 0.5% [CENTR's DomainWire Global TLD Stat Report, Q1, 2017].

Subsequently, the latest report (for the 2nd quarter of 2017) showed the annual growth in 
the number of domains by 1.9% when compared by period. 

The active growth of the domain number can be observed in both developed and 
developing regions from the point of view of internetization. Last year, the biggest growth 
was registered in Africa – 19.4% (though the level of the Internet penetration is the lowest 
there – 31.2% [InternetWorldStats]), and North America is the second on this list — 11.4% 
growth (88.1% of the Internet penetration [InternetWorldStats]). The Russian Federation 
(.ru) and China (.cn) are among the most rapidly growing domain extensions.

Growth of unique website owners (administrators). Let’s take the dynamic growth 

300

m
ln

280

260

240 0%

1%

2%

3%

4%

5%

6%

2013

Domains (All)

2014 2015 2016 2017

Global domains under management

Source: CENTR’s DomainWire Global TLD Stat Report, Q2, 2017

20ukit ico



of website administrators with the .ru domain extension as an example: the number of 
unique owners is growing both among individuals (2nd column) and companies (4th 
column).

Due to the peculiarities of website ownership (renewals, transfers and so on), its statistics 
is volatile in the short run and shows regular falls in absolute measures, but in the long run 
the stable growth can be easily observed:

Another growth area is the site building services themselves. Between 2011 and 2016, the 
web design services market in the US showed the annual growth of about 4.8% 
[IBISWorldWeb Design Services: Market Research Report]. One of the drivers of growth 
was the demand for creating mobile-friendly websites.  

5.2

mln

4.3

3.5

2.6

0.9

1.7

0

2011 2013 20172015

Domains, amount Domains owned by individuals,
amount

Domains owned by legal entities,
amount

Nov July Mar Nov MarJuly Nov July Mar Nov

Data provided by ANO “The Coordination Center for TLD RU”

Data provided by ANO “The Coordination Center for TLD RU”

21ukit ico



Demand for website development and maintenance services that 
can be covered by automation 

Our company conducted a research by examining small business websites and and asking 
website owners questions. The study revealed a number of the most frequently mentioned 
issues that can be fixed by applying automation within our platform:

Design – through using generative design (uKit AI 1.0).

Conversion and UX – through automated personalization for segments with the help 
of uKit AI 2.0.

Loading speed, adaptivity and manageability – through hosting a website with the uKit 
platform that uses the Bootstrap adaptive grid, loading and page speed optimization, 
as well as an intuitive CMS.

What would you like to improve on your website?

All aspects Design Conversion Usability Load speed Manageability Adaptivity Content

38.16%

27.63%

19.73%

5.26% 3.95% 2.63% 1.32% 1.32%

The results and research methodology published by Cossa and Inc Russia magazines.

According to our own study, we found that the most common technical issue with 
websites is how most fail to adapt to mobile screens (63% of 5,060 websites had this 
problem). The study also revealed that website owners pay special attention to its 
appearance and its conversion potential.

This data matched the survey results presented by other professionals in other markets. 

The results and research methodology published by Cossa and Inc Russia magazines

22ukit ico



Thus, Clutch, a brand marketing firm that conducts annual surveys among US website 
owners, (such high-profile magazines as Inc and Entrepreneur reference it), reveal a 
similarly high interest among survey respondents regarding improved design, usability 
and mobile adaptability of their current websites. 

Create more high-quality content to publish on-site

Make website more mobile friendly

Make website design more user friendly

Improve SEO by optimizing on-site features

Improve security

No plans to improve website

23%

20%

19%

17%

12%

9%

Small Business Website Priorities in 2017

Percentage of people who use three screens —
computer, smartphone and tablet

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

10%

24% 25%

33% 34%
38%

Source: Clutch 2017 Small Business Web Design Survey 

23ukit ico



Mobile-friendly. Data accumulated by Google Consumer Barometer reveal that a number 
of users accustomed to switching between devices is constantly growing. These users face 
an issue of mobile-unfriendly websites. Website owners who complain about poor 
conversion rates lose this very audience from the beginning.

With uKit AI 1.0, we are actively solving this issue. Currently, when redesigning an existing 
site the machine identifies its content and structure, and then reproduces it on an adaptive 
template within the uKit website builder. As a result, the website becomes adaptive by 
nature, while preserving its domain and SEO history.

Redesign. Generative design technologies allow expediting the redesign process to a split 
second by teaching the neural network the principles of content arrangement, page 
visualization and preliminary assessment of results. This process makes it possible to offer 
the service to a broad spectrum of website owners with the help of uKit AI. In contrast to a 
traditional way of making changes manually (by a site owner or by hired professionals), a 
machine-based approach doesn’t require any resources from users and is completely 
scalable.

Conversion boost. Conversion improvement through automation can already be seen on 
websites: pop-up windows that appear depending on whether a user performs the target 
action or not, dynamic content, and so on. We are planning to make this automation a 
comprehensive process.

In uKit AI 1.0., a conversion boost of an existing site is achieved through applying 
components of a machine redesign: making site pages mobile-friendly, rearranging 
content (blocks that are important for decision-making are placed in the upper part of the 
page and so on), and improving navigation based on the examples that the neural 
network used for learning. In uKit AI 2.0., a conversion boost will be achieved by dynamic 
content changes based on the information about how audience segments behave and the 
constant analysis of the results. Basically, the machine will be running a number of A/B 
tests in order to create the most effective design version for every type of audience. 

24ukit ico



Demand analysis for generative design

Big data market

In May - June of 2017, as part of our study, we surveyed 400+ website owners and 
administrators to determine if they were willing to 'order' a website design from a 
machine. The results revealed 40% of the target audience had a high interest in having an 
automated redesign of their site completed by a robot.

Our platform will make its way to the big data market and occupy a place as an 
intermediary between big players (data management platforms) and regular users. The 
big data market is expected to triple in value within the next nine years [Statista, 2017]. 

20

Professional Services Apps & Storage Compute

Data Management Networking NoSQ Hadoop

SQL

Market volume in billion U.S. dollars

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026
0

25

50

75

100

I’d rather have it build by humans

Yes, absolutely

No

I would give it a try

36.8%

22.1%

19.1%

If you had an opportunity to automatically upgrade your website
in 5 minutes would you take advantage of such a service?

22.1%

25ukit ico



Marketing channels

In this respect, the biggest part of the income will be generated by professional services, 
applications and data storage [Statista, 2017]. We are creating a platform for professional 
and commercial purposes — for marketing specialists and website owners —  doing it 
within the online marketing industry that has an untapped demand for quality data about 
users [BrightTALK, 2015].

When it comes to attracting customers we rely on our team’s long-term experience in 
promoting uKit — a website builder that is used by over 1 million people in more than 100 
countries. Our customers can be divided into the following groups: businessmen and their 
employees; freelancers and small studios; specialists in traffic arbitration; and marketing 
experts.

While testing different channels, we singled out methods that allow acquiring and 
retaining customers and strategic partners for the long term:

Our team of 10 people with international experience is working on marketing activities.

Search engine marketing (SEO and context advertising)

Retargeting

SMM (including targeted advertising, seeding viral content and so on)

Programmatic advertising

Content marketing, PR

Affiliate programs

Direct marketing (email and push notifications)

PR and event marketing

Partnerships

Growth hacking (web analytics, product analytics and so on)

26ukit ico



At the moment, 3 out of 4 basic components of our platform are at different stages of 
completion.

A website building platform. It’s a commercially viable product that has been on the 
market for over 2 years. It is a modern version of a website builder targeted towards user-
friendliness: a visual editor for making changes, online-CMS for website management 
(analytics, promotion, and so on), and ready-made integrations with marketing services 
(CRM, online chats and so on).  

uKit.com

uKit will be used as a basis for storing and editing a user’s website, a website can be 
transferred there from uKit AI 1.0, created from scratch or automatically filled with content 
taken from Facebook or VK social pages. 

The service includes a number of technical solutions that are critical for modern websites:

a set of modern technologies for front-end development – HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap 
framework for mobile adaptation; for back-end - Node.js, MongoDB

an instant backup system – website copies are stored on different servers which are 
placed in different venues; however, any changes are immediately synced between 
them; this guarantees a site’s stability

Stage of Completion

27ukit ico



HTTPS – an SSL certificate is provided to each owner of a second-level domain

website loading optimization – the source code of a website takes as little space as 
possible, which results into faster loading speed and leaves more space for “heavy” 
user content (videos, images and so on)

dynamic content switch – a web page content changes (heading, texts and so on) 
depending on the marketing campaign inputs or a search query.

system of A/B testing and split testing – allows testing different versions of a page 
design and layout for one audience group by distributing traffic between different 
versions and finding the variant that insures the best conversion rate.

protection against DDoS attacks

Dynamic content and hypotheses testing tools. You can try a closed beta version by using 
the invite code

A builder of landing pages (one-page websites), which is based on the uKit code, and has 
features necessary for creating multiple variants of a web page including:

wCxmxyYzXUGCYnee

uLanding.io

28ukit ico



A generative design service and scoring system. Now a prototype, alpha-release is 
planned at the end of 2017. A service for updating site design and the front-end of 
existing websites based on machine learning. In its current version, it’s capable of dealing 
with basic website problems: poor adaptivity, improper placement of website elements 
which influences decision-making and conversion rates (feedback forms, buttons, 
contacts, and so on), and the use of outdated technologies (Flash, etc.).

In the next version, data results we receive from a segment's preferences during technical 
development of our project will be used for immediate updates of web page design and 
code. At the moment, the following features are implemented:

uKit.AI

29ukit ico

recognition of website content and structure – the system analyzes the existing version 
of a website and recognizes its structure (DOM tree) and unique content (text, images, 
videos). This provides the input information for choosing redesign variants.

transfer to the uKit platform – the content is transferred to the corresponding widgets 
of the builder (Video, Image, Text, Heading). The structure is then recreated in 
accordance with the latest standards of design and consumption (a short horizontal 
menu in the web version, a “hamburger” menu on mobile devices and so on). The 
transfer guarantees adaptivity of the new website version, modern fonts and so on.

scoring – a neural network learns to assess a website from the point of view of 
aesthetics based on the samples of visually attractive and unattractive websites 
gathered from different sources. The basis of this process is the GAN algorithm 
invented in 2014 – a competition between neural networks in which one of the 



The system identifies the content and structure of the old website (on the left), transfers and 
redesigns it with the uKit builder (on the right).

30ukit ico

networks “ruins” the design of a sample website and the other one makes quality 
improvements to it. This process allows to choose more visually attractive variants of 
design and layout for a particular web page and also makes a preliminary assessment 
of results by a machine.



November, 2017

uKit AI 1.0. prototype: identification and evaluation system

December, 2017

Pre-ICO

February, 2018

ICO

February, 2018

uLanding commercial release

2nd quarter, 2018

uKit AI 1.0 beta

2nd quarter, 2018

Start of developing uData

3rd quarter, 2018

uKit AI 1.0 release

3rd quarter, 2018

uData beta

Beginning of 4th quarter, 2018

uKit AI 2.0 beta

1st quarter, 2019

uKit AI 2.0 release

Roadmap

31ukit ico



Lifetime use of uKit products

A holder of 10,000 or more UKT tokens is eligible to use premium packages within the 
family of uKit products (including uLanding) for an indefinite period of time during 
which UKT tokens are held. In case a UKT token is resold or transferred, this right 
is passed to a new holder. When used in this way, tokens don’t expire and aren’t used 
as means of payment though serve as access to premium services of the company.

Plans

Premium $20010 000

Premium+ $30015 000

eCommerce $40020 000

Pro $60030 000

Plan Tokens Price

Voting rights for new features

UKT token holders are eligible to vote (1 token equals 1 vote) to decide what features 
should be implemented to the builders of the company. In this way, thanks 
to blockchain decisions about functional development of the product are made and 
executed transparently for all users of uKit services.

Paying for using the uData service

The use of uData is paid with UKT tokens.

Receiving UKT tokens in exchange for data

Users of uData service can get UKT tokens to take part in teaching uData in 
accordance with the established terms.

Upon finishing the ICO campaign, we are planning to issue tokens of ERC20 standard. 
UKT tokens will have the following properties within the uKit platform:

Initial Coin Offering

UKT tokens

Technical aspects of a token 

32ukit ico



Using UKT tokens to pay for the uData service

A user is a user of the uData system.

A visitor is a visitor to a landing page within the uData system.

A dynamic landing page view is a view of an optimized landing page by a visitor.

UKT tokens will be used to pay for your landing pages in the system. This means a user will 
need to spend a certain amount of tokens to convert their landing page into a new 
dynamic one. For example, you will need to pay one token to optimize the look of your 
landing page for the next 2,000 users (2,000 views of a dynamic landing page). A more 
precise ratio of 1 UKT token to the number of views of the dynamic landing page will 
be determined in the future. 

At the same time, those users who help train the system by providing data about the use 
of their landing pages and actively implement uKit tools on their websites, will get a part 
of all conversions in the system (0.001% for 10,000 tokens) instead of receiving a fixed 
number of impressions and conversions of a dynamic landing page for each UKT token.

The greater the amounts of data the system processes and the greater the contribution 
made by a user, the bigger the absolute value ensured by this percentage. This way, the 
UKT token value will go up for its holder as the system grows if a token is being actively 
used. 

uData will record all transactions connected with purchasing the service with UKT tokens 
to the public blockchain. Hence, the community will be able to check if users really spend 
a specified amount of UKT tokens. When paying for uData services with UKT tokens, the 
half of tokens will be burned, while the other half will be added to the reserve fund. 

Receiving UKT tokens in exchange for data

Users will have an opportunity to help the uData system develop by sharing the data 
on how their landing pages were used by the visitors. For providing this information, users 
will be rewarded with tokens from the reserve fund. And uData will record all transactions 
related to receiving tokens to the public blockchain.

33ukit ico



34ukit ico

Tokens distribution

The issued UKT tokens will be distributed in the following way:

Ninety-six million UKT tokens (9.6%) from the reserve fund will be distributed between 
ICOS token holders.

Tokens kept by the team (15%) will be put on hold and will become available for transfer, 
use and sale in 18 months after the ICO completion.

Conditions and steps of the ICO campaign 

uKit ICO is going to be held in 2 steps: 

1 The presale was held from December 11, 2017 until January 1, 2018:

5,000 non-redenominated UKT tokens were available for purchase during the 
entire presale period. When the presale was finished, tokens were 
redenominated in the ratio of 1 to 10,000;

Before redenomination, UKT tokens were sold at the price of $150 for one token 
($0.015 for one token after they were redenominated on January 17, 2018). 

2  ICO (from February 19 until May 1, 2018):

500,000,000 UKT tokens for the total amount of $10,000,000 will be available 
for purchase during the entire ICO period;

UKT tokens are sold at the price of $0.02 for one token.

Costs Percentage, %

Pre-ICO and ICO 55

Reserve fund 25

Team 15

Advisors 3

Bounty + translations 2



The raised funds will be spent to develop uKit AI and uData, to enter international markets 
and purchase data from Data Management Platforms (a substantial amount will be used if 
the raised funds are over $2,500,000).

35ukit ico

If the raised funds exceed $2,500,000, they will be forwarded to further develop 
uData project that allows creating websites offering a customized experience to its 
users.

Tokens that won’t be sold during the presale and ICO will be burned (destroyed).

In total, the amount of issued tokens will be limited to 1,000,000,000.

UKT tokens can be sold on special terms, including bonuses and discounts. Potential 
buyers will be notified on the current special conditions for purchasing UKT tokens 
through one of the methods available to uKit.

Application of funds

Depending on the funds raised from selling UKT tokens during the ICO, the following 
product development options are possible:

Funds raised: under $2,500,000. If the Soft Cap isn’t reached, all funds will 
be forwarded back to ICO participants. Funds raised during the presale won’t 
be returned, however the presale participants will receive UKT tokens that will give 
them the right for the lifetime use of uKit services.



Over 5M

Costs Percentage, %

Marketing & Management
Personnel

10

R&D
Personnel

20

Data Purchase
R&D

15

Outsource
R&D

3

Advertising & PR 47

Other 5

From 2.5M to 5M

Costs Percentage, %

Marketing & Management
Personnel

10

R&D
Personnel

30

Data Purchase
R&D

10

Outsource
R&D

5

Advertising & PR 40

Other 5

36ukit ico



Terms of Use and Risk Factors

The acquisition of UKT tokens involves a high degree of risk, including but not limited to, the risks listed below. Before acquiring UKT 

tokens, each potential holder of UKT tokens is recommended to review all the information and risks described in this Whitepaper, other 

ICO documents, as well as information and risks available to the potential holder from other sources.

Intellectual rights to the services of the platform, including uKit, uLanding, ukit AI, and uData, as well as their components and related 

intellectual property assets that are individually significant, created and to be created in the future, belong to Compubyte Limited.

Token holders recognize, understand and agree that the UKT token is not a security, digital currency, commodity or other financial 

instrument incorporated within any jurisdiction, including the jurisdiction where potential token holders reside, and should not 

be perceived by a potential buyer as such. Based on the project concept and the opportunities provided to the UKT token holders, each 

UKT is a unit of a digital product designed to perform certain functions within uKit services and has no value outside of this platform. 

The UKT token by no means gives its holder the rights to assets, profits, dividends, nor the right to manage the uKit company. UKT 

Tokens cannot be used for any purpose other than those expressly described in this Whitepaper, including investment, speculative and 

other financial purposes. uKit may take into consideration the feedback and suggestions by UKT token holders in order to develop and 

improve products, however, having UKT tokens does not give the right to participate in decision making or in any line of business 

related to uKit services.

UKT token is not a security

The sphere of our project’s application arises from its dependence on the functioning of the software and hardware systems, 

telecommunication equipment, as well as access to the Internet. Our company will strive to ensure the availability of uKit services; 

however, the service is provided on an “as is” basis, thus we do not guarantee its uninterrupted operation, absence of errors, defects 

and delays in the service. We are also not responsible for the service shutdowns, including but not limited to failures 

in telecommunication and power networks, critical changes in temperature, effects of malicious programs, as well as bad-faith actions 

by third parties aimed at unauthorized access and/or disabling of software and/or hardware systems of the service, which means our 

company does not guarantee that any failure in the computer infrastructure will not adversely affect the use of UKT tokens and the 

service.

Dependence on computer infrastructure

We take all reasonable steps necessary to ensure the security of uKit services in accordance with international protection standards 

against external interference, but there are always risks including hacker attacks, malicious viruses and other actions of third parties 

aimed at harming internal systems. These actions can lead to a defect or malfunction of the service, which may result in the service and 

trade network of UKT tokens working in an unforeseen manner, with interruptions, delays or with full suspension of work, and there 

is no guarantee that such malfunctions or unintended functioning will not lead to a complete loss of UKT tokens. The actions of third 

parties aimed at causing material damage to other persons are qualified in most jurisdictions of the world as a criminal act and are 

subject to criminal prosecution.

Hacking and unauthorized access

The blockchain and smart contract technologies used in the project are new technologies and are in the early stages of development, 

which means the disadvantages, vulnerabilities and other issues of their use have not yet been fully explored. Therefore, there may be 

potential operational, technological, regulatory, reputational and financial risks that can cause technical issues with uKit services and 

even a complete loss of UKT tokens. 

Use of new technologies

37ukit ico



38ukit ico

The funds collected are not insured in any way. If they are lost or lose their value, UKT token buyers cannot appeal to an insurance 

representative.

Risk of money loss

Blockchain technologies and related processes are not governed by the vast majority of jurisdictions; however, they can be under close 

supervision of financial regulators due to their transborder nature, therefore, in some jurisdictions, existing laws can be applied 

by analogy or new laws can come into play. Such laws may conflict with the current organization of uKit services, including restrictions 

on the use or possession of digital tokens, restrictions on their functioning, token purchase ban or total loss of UKT tokens. 

In addition, potential UKT token holders shall be aware that they are ineligible to purchase UKT tokens if this kind of activity is banned 

or somehow restricted by the applicable law in their jurisdiction, whether in obtaining a license by our company and/or permission from 

the national authorities.

Regulatory uncertainty

UKT token holders may be subject to taxes related to the transactions they perform. UKT Tokens holders are solely responsible for 

determining whether the transactions they incur under this Whitepaper are subject to taxation by any applicable taxes in their 

jurisdiction or in any other jurisdiction. UKT token holders must ensure compliance with applicable tax laws in their jurisdiction and pay 

all relevant taxes and fees, if any.

Taxes

The activity of our company can be interrupted, suspended or delayed due to force majeure circumstances. For the purposes of this 

Whitepaper, force majeure means events and circumstances of an emergency nature that could not have been foreseen by us and 

include natural disasters, armed conflicts, riots, man-made disasters, epidemics, lockouts, strikes, long-term shortages or outages 

in power supply or telecommunication services, the actions of state bodies and the adoption of new laws restricting the activities of our 

company, and other circumstances beyond our control.

Force majeure

We are not responsible for the disclosure of personal data of UKT token holders, information on the number of tokens owned, wallets 

used and other information that can be disclosed to a court, authorized state authorities and other third parties in the event that our 

company is obliged to disclose this information in accordance with the applicable law, court decision or request of the authorized state 

authority.

Information disclosure

The project developed by our company may not meet expectations of UKT token buyers. Due to the fact that uKit services are under 

development, it is possible that they can undergo significant changes before the release, therefore, the expectations of UKT token 

buyers regarding the form and functionality of uKit services and UKT tokens may not be fulfilled.

Mismatch of expectations

We cannot guarantee a specific price for UKT tokens within any certain period of time, and are not responsible for any changes in the 

price of the UKT token, or the failure of the UKT token’s price to meet customer expectations, as the UKT token price depends on many 

unforeseen and uncontrolled circumstances. Likewise, we cannot guarantee that the buyer will receive any income or profit due to the 

fact that the UKT token is intended for use within the uKit services and beyond which it does not have any value.

Lack of income or profit guarantees



39ukit ico

Forward-looking statements regarding our project are identified by such words as “can”, “it is expected”, “will”, as well as by other 

identifiers of event uncertainty. These statements are forward-looking statements that allow potential token buyers to understand the 

beliefs and opinions of our company about the future of the project, but do not provide guarantees or promises regarding the 

occurrence of any result. A potential UKT token holder should understand that such forward-looking statements are associated with 

known and unknown risks, the occurrence of which we cannot foresee and which do not depend on our will. Therefore, the actual 

results of the project may differ significantly from any published forecasts and opinions. Views on the future economic, competitive and 

market conditions, and business decisions cannot be considered a promise or a guarantee to potential UKT token buyers that the goals 

and project plans will be successfully implemented. All examples of income and profit calculations used in this Whitepaper were 

provided only for demonstration purposes or for the purpose of demonstrating the industry’s averages and do not constitute 

a guarantee that these results will be achieved. We will try to maintain the relevance of the information provided by us, but we do not 

undertake responsibility to update the forward-looking statements if circumstances or our estimates change.

In addition to the risks mentioned in this Whitepaper, there are other risks that our company cannot foresee. These risks can materialize 

through other forms that are not specified here.

Due to the fact that the UKT token and uKit products are being developed and continually improved, their content, algorithms, code 

and other technical specifications and parameters can be updated, changed and improved on an ongoing basis. uKit reserves the right 

to change the technical component and technical presentation of the token as the project progresses. Due to the continuous 

development of the uKit platform, and the introduction of new functionality and products, we reserve the right to exchange UKT tokens 

for similar tokens that have greater functionality if it is discovered that it is technically impossible to realize all the benefits for potential 

UKT token holders with platform and products’ updates. The possible exchange of UKT tokens will not narrow the 

Forecasts and estimates

rights of potential holders and will not affect the turnover of tokens. All interested parties will be notified in advance about the possible 

UKT tokens exchange, and the company will take all possible reasonable steps and efforts to ensure that such an exchange 

is as simultaneous and as transparent for all users of uKit products as possible.

Although information presented in this Whitepaper is relevant as of the current date, it can not be considered final and the information 

in it can be changed or updated without prior notice. In order to be fully updated, it is recommended to periodically review the 

information contained in this Whitepaper. uKit is not obliged to notify you on all the details of the work being performed for UKT and 

uKit products, including the progress status and/or completed tasks (indicators), regardless if they are planned or not, and therefore 

uKit is not obliged to provide you with a complete and timely access to all information, although taking all necessary and reasonable 

efforts in this direction.

Hereby the potential UKT token holders confirm that they carefully studied this Whitepaper, the current legislation of their jurisdiction; 

they understand and accept the risks and costs associated with the UKT tokens acquisition, and act solely at their own risk. 



Executive Partner at uKit Group

In charge of IR (Investor Relations) and setting out a vision for the product. Evgeny has 12 
years of experience in the website building business, and is a co-founder of the company. 
He has initiated 7 in-house startups, 6 of which were a success.

Evgeny Kurt

Chief Product Officer at uKit Group

Responsible for product releases. She has 7 years of experience in the product team 
management sphere. Irina was in charge of launching uShop online shop builder (10K 
shops), as well as launching and developing uKit and uLanding builders. She graduated 
with honors from the Department of Cybernetics of the Moscow Technological University 
(MIREA).

Irina Cherepanova

Chief Technical Officer at uKit Group

An architect of uKit, uKit AI and uData systems. A prize winner of programming contests. 
Pavel has 12 years of experience as a Chief Technical Officer in high-load projects. Since 
2005, Pavel had been working at Tochka Kipeniya where he maintained an online game 
Dozory until he joined our company in 2012.

Pavel Kudinov

Leader of the Neural Network Group

Responsible for teaching neural networks as part of the uKit AI project. With 3 years of 
experience in the area of machine learning and intelligent data processing, Roman is a 
PhD in Physics and Mathematics and an Associate Professor of the Mathematics, 
Mechanics and Computer Science Institute at the Southern Federal University.

Roman Steinberg

Lead Blockchain Developer

Responsible for developing smart contracts that ensure the platform’s functionality. Oleg 
has 7 years of experience in commercial web development. He holds a degree in 

Oleg Levshin

Team

Management and development

40ukit ico



Mathematics majoring in Information Security. Joined the team in 2015. Oleg specializes 
in the modern Node.js stack (MongoDB, Express.js, Koa, Webpack, React) and is 
responsible for the billing part of the uKit website builder.

Chief Financial Officer

Supervises the legal framework of ICO. Mikhail set forth the basic properties of the UKT 
token within the system and is responsible for their implementation. He has 7 years of 
experience in financial auditing across different spheres of business; from working as an 
auditor at KPMG, to a financial director at Deceuninck NV and serving as an investment 
controller at Mars. Mikhail joined the team in 2017. 

Mikhail Gurevich 

Art Director

Supervises product design processes including the development of UX/UI and visual 
language for elements of our platform. With 6 years in the industry, Viktor has come a long 
way from being a junior designer to an art director. Viktor has experience working with 
marketing startups and is a winner of the UA Web Challenge 2013 contest in the Web 
Design category. Joined the company in 2014.

Viktor Kadnikov

Localization Manager

Responsible for adapting services and marketing materials for the mindset, language and 
cultural specifics of the target markets. Tatiana was in charge of the localization cycle for 
uKit, which is an integral part of our program. She holds a relevant degree in Linguistics. 
Joined the team in 2015.

Tatiana Zhukova

41ukit ico



Front-end and Back-end Development 58

Development of uKit AI core 3

Data science 2

Assessors to collect data sets 12

Testing 4

Marketing 10

HR, Financial and Legal Department 14

System Administration 8

Design, UX/UI 12

Technical Support 7

Employees

42ukit ico



Customizing Website for Visitors —
The Next Big Thing on the Web

Artificial intelligence works on a website as a marketer and designer by 

increasing the conversion rate for businesses and improving experience 

for visitors. 

The token value, which is connected with the number of personalizations 

and the amount of data in the system, grows with every new user.

Each user of the platform can earn extra tokens by contributing data and 

training the AI.

Join Us

December 11 — January 1, 2018

Pre-sale

February 19 — May 1, 2018

ICO

ico.ukit.com


