











































A Decentralized Esports 
Gaming Token

v.28 content subject to change



v.28 content subject to change

Table of Contents
Abstract 3
UnikoinGold 3
UnikoinSilver 3

The Unikrn Model: Esports Wagering on the Blockchain 4
Advantages of the Blockchain 4

Token Functionality Globally 5
In Full Service Jurisdictions 5
In Limited Jurisdictions 5

Betting Applications 7
Chance-Based Applications 7
Skill-Based Applications 7

Benefits 8
Gamers, Server Hosts and Developers 8

Roadmap 9

Token Distribution 10 

Revision History 11

v.28 content subject to change

   



3UnikoinGold: A Decentralized Esports Gaming Token

v.28 content subject to change

   

Abstract
Unikrn operates a leading international esports entertainment and betting Platform. Currently, users of the Platform use our existing 
Unikoin token to participate on the Platform, and to buy products such as jackpot tickets. But now, with the emergence of blockchain 
technology, Unikrn can make it easier and more efficient for its users to obtain esports products and services on the Platform by 
introducing a blockchain-based token: UnikoinGold.

UnikoinGold is designed as a decentralized ERC20 token on the Ethereum blockchain. Its use within the Platform will have certain 
limitations depending on whether users are located in jurisdictions in which Unikrn is licensed to offer a full suite of betting services 
(Full Service Jurisdictions) or in jurisdictions where Unikrn will offer a more limited set of betting services (Limited Jurisdictions).

In Full Service Jurisdictions, we intend for UnikoinGold to be used for the exchange and interchange of a virtual point-based reward 
system for the purpose of legal and licensed betting on esports matches, tournaments and other engagement around gaming, 
including jackpots. As designed, UnikoinGold would also be used as a rewards and incentive token for esports participants, players and 
teams through tipping. It would also be an entry to a new version of the existing Unikrn spectator betting platform, and it is intended 
to become the token used on a new skill-based betting platform. Our goal is for UnikoinGold to power the most immersive live-betting 
platform for esports.

In Limited Jurisdictions, UnikoinGold can still be used to purchase jackpot tickets involving esports and for accessing exclusive rooms. 
It won’t, however, be usable for gaming-related uses that require licenses.

In parallel to UnikoinGold we will launch UnikoinSilver to take the place of the former “Unikoin” within our ecosystem. UnkoinSilver, 
like the former Unikoin, can’t be withdrawn from the Platform. Users will be able to earn, bet and compete using UnikoinSilver in any 
jurisdiction where we offer the Platform.

Our intention: UnikoinGold will serve as a utility token creating a decentralized, community-driven virtual economy. Transactions will be 
executed by a system of Ethereum smart contracts that are publicly accessible and that will be open and transparent to the network.

https://unikrn.com/s/si36000


4UnikoinGold: A Decentralized Esports Gaming Token

v.28 content subject to change

   

The Unikrn Model: Esports 
Wagering on the Blockchain
Advantages of the Blockchain

The current Unikrn model provides users the ability to liquidate their 
Unikoins through the Unikrn jackpot market. However, betting laws limit 
Unikoin functionality to exist solely within the Unikrn system. The proposed 
ERC20 token, UnikoinGold, will give alternative methods of possibly 
turning over their winnings on the Unikrn platform. An ERC20 token on the 
Ethereum blockchain offers additional functionality that is seldom found 
on a centralized token ecosystem.

Unikrn sees a lot of potential in converting our Unikoin into an Ethereum-
based utility token. About two years ago we created the Unikoin to allow 
global participants to watch all the top esports matches in the world 
and place bets using our world class betting platform. One of the bigger 
requests we’ve had from our users is adding more value to the Unikoin, on 
top of the jackpots platform we already offer.

We will be launching two completely new platforms on top of our existing 
Unikrn IO betting platform. Unikrn anticipates to expand beyond Australia and the UK for UnikoinGold betting, and we also plan to allow 
more betting operators to license our entire platform which includes risk management. This will ultimately allow customers in more 
regions around the world to live bet on tournaments, and also bet on themselves in skill-based challenges.

While Unikoins have been successful in engaging and retaining customers, upgrading this virtual currency to an Ethereum-based utility 
token will dramatically increase usage and utility. The creation of UnikoinGold coincides with a skill-based betting product that will be 
legal in most of the US and other markets in the world. We will still offer fiat betting where we are regulated and licensed, and our new 
UnikoinGold platform will be another option for those users. 

We aim for UnikoinGold to become a standard token for the esports and gaming ecosystem, an ecosystem backed by Unikrn - a 
company that holds integrity and complying with legislation in high regard.

https://unikrn.com/s/si36000


5UnikoinGold: A Decentralized Esports Gaming Token

v.28 content subject to change

   

Token Functionality Globally
Products and Services on the Platform
Unikrn intends to make a variety of products and services available on the Platform, these can be currently grouped into three general 
categories: gambling, jackpots, and premium features. 

Unikrn’s envisioned gambling products include skill-based wagering and spectator-based gambling. Unikrn’s esportsbook offers one 
of the widest selections of gambling markets on professional esports matches and tournaments in the world. We are also testing skill-
betting products which we currently expect to release later this year.

Unikrn’s jackpot products offer users the opportunity to acquire jackpot tickets to win prizes (ranging from in-game items such as skins, 
to gaming hardware and accessories from world-class manufacturers). We are also developing exclusive jackpot rooms (“exclusive 
rooms”) with experiences only available to users who purchase golden entry tickets with UnikoinGold.

Finally, our premium membership roadmap includes the ability for users to earn UnikoinGold and UnikoinSilver for playing and winning 
video games on our community servers.  We also intend to create user wallets on our platform for premium members to transact 
quicker without additional transaction fees. Unikrn also has intentions to allow users to tip esports professionals using UnikoinSilver 
and UnikoinGold. 

Unikrn anticipates making more features available over time. Unikrn will start to release some of these new features between 90-180 
days after the token sale. Features may be limited based on the type of jurisdiction.

The UnikoinGold token will be an essential part of Unikrn’s crypto platform. The main utilities that we are working to make available to 
UnikoinGold token holders can be found below, this list is subject to change:

• Placing bets for professional esports matches on Unikrn’s esportsbook

• Ability to play for UnikoinGold in competitive skill-based video game matches

• Tournament hosting

• Rewards for hosting skill-based gaming servers using Unikrn’s API

• Wagering on next-generation spectator engagement applications

• Access to premium Unikrn subscription features such as rewards for performing various actions on Unikrn’s crypto platform (e.g. 
connecting your gamer accounts, referring new customers, and access to premium Unikrn written and video content

https://unikrn.com/s/si36000


6UnikoinGold: A Decentralized Esports Gaming Token

v.28 content subject to change

   

● ● May be purchased and sold through third-party exchanges
● ● May be used for obtaining access to special jackpot rooms
● ● May be used to purchase in game virtual items
● ● Users earn UnikoinSilver with betting turnover on the Unikrn platform
● ● ● May be used for esports betting on our platform

● ● May be given as a bonus to persons who set up an account on the Unikrn Platform
● ● May be redeemed to obtain jackpot tickets
● ● Users may earn UnikoinSilver for playing games on our servers and through our platform
● ● Users may earn UnikoinSilver in future non-gambling applications
● ● May be used to tip esports personalities on our tipping application

● ● May be used for accessing premium esports content
● ● Users may earn UnikoinGold for playing games on our servers and through our platform
● ● Users may earn UnikoinGold in future non-gambling applications
● ● May be used to tip esports personalities on our tipping application
● ● We intend to allow premium users to setup wallets on the Unikrn platform

Full Service 
Judisdiction

Limited 
Jurisdiction

Utility of Platform Tokens by Jurisdiction
The anticipated scope of products and services that UnikoinGold and UnikoinSilver can be used for will differ between Full Service and 
Limited Jurisdictions, as outlined in the table below:

Unikrn Standard Membership Features

Unikrn Premium Membership Features



7UnikoinGold: A Decentralized Esports Gaming Token

v.28 content subject to change

   

Betting applications
Chance-based applications
To be available in Full Service Jurisdictions

Parimutuel betting
When development is completed, a user who is interested in betting on a match will be able to place a bet that triggers contract 
creation enabling them to do so within one transaction. Users with a registered address can generate a transaction to bet on 
an outcome or use the internal Unikrn address to place a bet more seamlessly in the contract. This contract creation is visible 
to Unikrn’s backend systems through ethereum logs which will enable us to keep track of the contracts that need results. On 
match start, the Unikrn crypto platform will close the contract from accepting any additional bets (current blocktime is ~20 
seconds). The costs associated with closing betting and posting the final results will be subtracted from the pool as well as the 
% operating fee. A minimum bet limit will be enforced via smart contracts to avoid issues with paying out dust. When a match 
is finished Unikrn will post results to all interested contracts which will enable a payout. This enables us to be more transparent 
with our odds and payouts since one contract will be for multiple users.

Other anticipated chance-based products include esportsbook, jackpots, bingo, and jackpot.

Skill-based applications
To be available in Limited & Full Service Jurisdictions

Unikrn’s crypto platform will enable players to interact with UnikoinGold smart contracts. The UnikoinGold token will be able to 
be used as a wager in competitive skill-based video game matches or tournaments. Users can send their tokens to a smart 
contract that acts like a decentralized escrow. The smart contract will facilitate the reward settlement to the winner(s) after the 
match is verified by Unikrn’s result verification system.

Peer-to-peer
This type of wagering requires two players to take opposite sides of a Unikoin smart contract. Both players must agree on the 
amount at stake. A player can initiate a skill-based match for UnikoinGold by funding it on the Unikrn crypto platform from their 
internal wallet. After the opposing player sends their tokens for the other side of the bet, the Unikrn crypto platform will mark 
it as a verified match with reward settlement based on the outcome of an in-game event (e.g. winning a match). Once the in-
game event(s) conditions are met, the Unikrn crypto platform will record the results on the platform and the blockchain, which 
will enable a payout to the player that wins. If the in-game event conditions are never met, the tokens will be returned to each of 
the player’s respective wallets.

Winner-Takes-All
Wagering on winner-takes-all skill-based matches is similar to peer to peer wagering except multiple players can bet against 
others in one match. This mode of wagering can enable players to risk a smaller amount compared to the overall pot.

Tournaments
Tournament hosted on Unikrn’s crypto platform will be like other skill-based types, the main difference being that the reward 
settlement for the winning player or team will be based on a smart contract that is tied to a tournament bracket on the platform 
instead of in-game events. Tournaments will have an entry fee in UnikoinGold or UnikoinGold to enter. Users will also have 
the ability to win access to the rooms via jackpots or as rewards in gamifications quest completion. A user can sign up for 
a tournament at any time until its completion. At the end of the tournament, users will be ranked, with top winners rewarded 
guaranteed prizes, such as more Unikoins, skins and gaming gear. Lower-ranked players will be automatically entered in 
jackpots to win smaller prizes, such as Unikoins or free entry to future tournament or jackpot rooms.



8UnikoinGold: A Decentralized Esports Gaming Token

v.28 content subject to change

   

Important considerations
• The launch of new features on the Platform utilizing UnikoinGold and UnikoinSilver may be delayed for reasons beyond Unikrn’s 

control and may ultimately prove unsuccessful. Unikrn may discontinue features if they are not profitable, gambling regulations or 
licensing requirements change, or for other reasons.

• The value of UnikoinGold will depend on its acceptance as a means of wagering and obtaining services and products on the 
Platform. The value may be affected by market conditions and other factors, including changes in the regulation of esports gaming 
and gambling. Such changes may adversely effect on the utility and value of the tokens.

• Unless other esports platforms adopt UnikoinGold, UnikoinGold will not have any utility during any period in which circumstances 
require Unikrn to suspend Platform operations. No other platforms have indicated that they intend to adopt UnikoinGold.

• The value of UnikoinGold will be affected by the demand for the token relative to its supply. Unikrn intends to augment the supply 
by allowing participants to to earn UnikoinGold through activity on the Platform and by selling UnikoinGold from the reserve.

• The ability to convert UnikoinGold into other cryptocurrencies or fiat currencies will depend on the development of a trading market 
for the token. Unikrn has no obligation to promote or support trading of UnikoinGold.

Benefits
Gamers
• Users can earn UnikoinGold by playing in skill-based matches or by betting on Unikrn’s various chance-based products

• No bank account required

• Ability to withdrawal UnikoinGold off the Unikrn crypto platform (unlike traditional on-platform virtual currencies) with fast payouts 
and low transaction fees

• We anticipate the ability to use UnikoinGold to purchase virtual in-game items (e.g. skins)

• We anticipate the ability for users to earn UnikoinSilver by turning over UnikoinGold via betting

Server Hosts
• Server hosts can earn UnikoinGold by running game servers with Unikrn’s API

• Creates the ability to attract the crypto community market

Game Developers
• Enables users to earn cryptocurrency

• Creates the ability to attract the crypto community market

• Profit sharing opportunities with quick payouts and low transaction fees



9UnikoinGold: A Decentralized Esports Gaming Token

v.28 content subject to change

Slated for November 5th, 2017*

UnikoinSilver
Limited Jurisdictions
• Connekt: Earn UnikoinSilver for connecting game accounts
• Skill-based: Earn UnikoinSilver by competing against other players
• Chance-based: Use and earn UnikoinSilver in live betting, pre-

betting, jackpots, and skin jackpots

UnikoinGold
Limited Jurisdictions
• Skill-based: Players bet UnikoinGold on themselves in competitive 

matches

Full Jurisdictions
• Chance-based: Use UnikoinGold to enter high-value jackpot and 

skin jackpot rooms

Slated for January 5th, 2018*

UnikoinGold
Limited and Full Jurisdictions
• Subscriptions: Access to UnikoinGold premium content that 

includes insights, statistics, and Scorecentre IO with widgets
• Skill-based: White label third party betting products

Full Jurisdictions
• Chance-based: Betting bonuses, access to live and pre-match 

sportsbook wagering, and the ability to enter premium subscriber 
jackpot and skin jackpot rooms

Post-January 5th

• Full gamification of the crypto platform with leaderboards and an 
ELO ranking system

• Other anticipated offerings: bingo, casino games, cards, donations, 
and tournaments

   

Roadmap

*Dates and product details are subject to change.



10UnikoinGold: A Decentralized Esports Gaming Token

v.28 content subject to change

Token Distribution
   

15% Unikrn Betting Reserve

10% Founding team & employees

Token Distribution

35%  User growth, development, etc.

20% Company Cold Storage

20% Token Sale



11UnikoinGold: A Decentralized Esports Gaming Token

v.28 content subject to change

   

Revision History
       Version Topic

06/17/17 v.01 + Initial document

06/17/17 v.04 + Token distribution amendments

+ Addition of investor quotes

06/18/17 v.07 + Updates to token storage practises

+ Re-ordering of sections

+ Team additions

06/19/17 v.08 + Addition of product roadmap

06/20/17 v.11 + Token distribution & budget allocation graphing changes

06/28/17 v.14 + Changes to presale of tokens

06/29/17 v.15 + Addition of presale dates & revision to token distribution graph

06/30/17 v.16 + More details added regarding the presale

07/11/17 v.17 + Updated FAQs

07/14/17 v.18 + Added ‘Setting up an Ethereum Wallet’, updated presale details

07/18/17 v.19 + Changes to copy for clarification

07/21/17 v.20 + Re-ordering of team & legal team additions

08/09/17 v.21 + Re-ordering of sections

+ Removal of FAQ (now located at unikoingold.com/faq)

+ Changes to copy for clarification

08/10/17 v.22 + Re-ordering of sections

+ Changes to copy for clarification

08/11/17 v.23 + Added ‘Token Functionality Globally’

+ Changes to copy for clarification

08/12/17 v.24 + Changes to copy for clarification

+ Removal of Competition & Skin Betting Scams section

09/05/17 v.25 + Changes to copy for clarification

+ Added ‘Utility of Platform Tokens by Jurisdiction’ table

+ Added ‘Chance’ & ‘Skill-based applications’ section

+ Added ‘Benefits’ section

+ Changes to Roadmap section

+ Added ‘Important considerations’ section

+ Removed ‘Presale of Token’ and ‘Crowdsale of Tokens’ sections

+ Removed ‘Participation in the UnikoinGold Token Sale’ section 

09/09/17 v.26 + Removed ‘Cryptoeconomic Model’ section

09/21/17 v.27 + Changes to Token Distribution

09/25/17 v.28 + Changes to Token Distribution


