











































(UP) Token Sale  
Whitepaper
Brought to you by the company that  
aims to put  “a crypto ATM on every corner”

Sale Starts  
October 16, 2017

Designed by Coinme, Inc. and  
J.R. Willett, Inventor of the Token Sale

Copyright © 2017 Up, Global Ltd. 



1.1   Introduction to Coinme

Coinme, Inc. (“Coinme”) is a venture-backed crypto financial services and blockchain 
technology company. Launched in early 2014 in Seattle, WA, Coinme was the first licensed 
Bitcoin ATM operator in the United States. Since then, Coinme has grown significantly 
across the western United States. In addition to operating a network of crypto ATMs, Coinme 
has become a vertically integrated provider of digital wallets and an online digital currency 
exchange—which provide customers the opportunity to join the crypto financial revolution. 

As a fully vertically integrated company, Coinme offers a seamless user experience to 

our customers. We manage all aspects of the operation including kiosk hardware and 

software, state and federal licensing, regulatory compliance, real estate acquisition, 

cash logistics, and customer service. This gives Coinme the flexibility to provide our 

customers with an instant, on-the-spot fiat-to-crypto and crypto-to-fiat experience. 

Our ATMs eliminate the uncertainty, the technical difficulty, and the lengthy waiting 

period that online exchanges frequently impose on users.

Today, Coinme’s crypto ATMs provide customers with an effortless financial transaction 

experience that eliminates the barriers to crypto-adoption for non-technical users. Our 

long-term vision includes bringing modern access to financial services to the billions of 

people who don’t have access to traditional banking services. Coinme and the crypto 

community believe that providing globally ubiquitous access to crypto ATMs has the 

potential to transform the world. From the developed to developing countries, Coinme 

firmly believes in and espouses its tenet: “In a crypto world, all communities can rise UP.” 

In order to accelerate Coinme’s vision of providing ubiquitous access to crypto ATMs, we 

would like to introduce a new crypto-asset, “UpToken.” The purpose of this whitepaper is 

to discuss how UpToken’s architecture plays an integral role in building a global network 

of crypto ATMs.

Executive Summary

Coinme and 
the crypto 
community 
believe that 

providing globally 
ubiquitous access 

to crypto ATMs 
has the potential 
to transform the 

world.

Copyright © 2017 Up, Global Ltd. 2



1.2 Crypto ATM Market 

The amount of cryptocurrency in the markets today currently exceeds $100 billion in 

value. While crypto ATMs offer the simplest and most direct portal for consumers who 

want to instantly buy and sell cryptocurrencies, there are less than 1,600 crypto ATMs 

deployed worldwide today. Based on these figures and given the need for geographic 

accessibility, Coinme believes that there is considerable potential for the increased 

ability to use crypto ATMs across the globe. Furthermore, when compared to the over 3 

million traditional ATMs currently deployed worldwide, Coinme sees the appetite for and 

usefulness of the new technology embedded in the newly invented UpToken for crypto 

ATMs as significant and timely.

1.3 The Product

Coinme believes the widespread international growth of crypto ATMs is a significant 

step towards providing a portal between government-issued fiat currencies and 

cryptocurrencies, enabling global access to innovation within the financial sector. In 

synch with this goal, we are launching a new crypto-asset, “UpToken” (symbol: UP). 

UpToken will provide  
the following  
benefits to holders:

1    A 30% discount on ATM transaction fees when transaction fees are paid  

using UpToken;

2   A customer rewards program that returns 1% of an individual’s total ATM 

transaction amount back to them in the form of UpToken, much like cashback,  

or other similar rewards programs in other product markets; and

3   A customer voting protocol for having a community voice on new 

cryptocurrencies a customer is interested in having added to the ATM platform.

Executive Summary

The 
cryptocurrency 

market cap 
currently exceeds 

$100 billion in 
value.

Copyright © 2017 Up, Global Ltd. 3



Crypto ATMs: 
The Infrastructure 
of the Future  

Copyright © 2017 Up, Global Ltd. 4



2.1   Worldwide Access to Cryptocurrencies 

A global network of crypto ATMs can significantly help spread the adoption of 

cryptocurrencies because the ATMs can provide easy access to secure, physical portals 

for buying, selling, and transmitting cryptocurrencies. We believe that global crypto 

ATMs could also pave the way for unbanked and underbanked consumers to access 

financial services in fragile economies and emerging markets. Similar to how developing 

counties leapfrogged landline technology with cellphone towers and smartphones, 

Coinme believes underserved financial segments in developing countries have the 

potential to leapfrog the absence of traditional banking institutions by choosing to use a 

crypto ATM and digital wallet as the gateway to participate in financial transactions. 

2.2  The Coinme Difference 

Since its inception in early 2014, Coinme has adopted a conservative approach by 

focusing exclusively on providing safe and secure crypto ATM services in Washington 

State. Over the years, we have become fully vertically integrated, managing all aspects 

of the operation including kiosk hardware and software, state and federal licensing, 

regulatory compliance, real estate acquisition, cash logistics, and customer service.

Coinme is not a plug-and-play ATM operator; our engineers write all aspects of 

the software code, from the ATM firmware to the Coinme web wallet. Through the 

investment of significant time and capital in research and development, Coinme has 

developed what it believes to be a superior user experience. For example, when a 

customer buys Bitcoin at a Coinme ATM, the customer’s funds are deposited into a 

hosted Coinme wallet; Coinme’s service eliminates any need for paper wallets or third-

party wallet applications, which can be confusing for new crypto users to understand 

and adopt. 

Coinme has found its crypto ATMs to be popular, and they continue to grow in 

popularity. Presently, Coinme ATMs are averaging almost $100,000 in monthly 

transaction volume per ATM. Coinme’s vertically integrated crypto ATM platform has 

been validated by thousands of customers and is now ready to be launched in other 

markets around the globe.

 

A global network of crypto 

ATMs can significantly 

help spread the adoption 

of cryptocurrencies 

because they provide 

easy access to secure, 

physical portals for 

buying, selling and 

transmitting crypto 

assets.

Worldwide Access

Crypto ATMs:  
The Financial Infrastructure of the Future 

Copyright © 2017 Up, Global Ltd. 5



$ 120,000

$ 100,000

$ 80,000

$ 60,000

$ 40,000

$ 20,000

$ 0

Contextual notes on the above graph:

•  The chart is for illustrative purposes only and is solely intended to show that crypto 

ATMs have apparently been seen as useful in communities where they have been 

installed.  This suggests that there may be appetite for the use of crypto ATMs globally.  

We think this also suggests that the UpToken may be immediately useful to token 

holders both in our established and new crypto ATM locations, both in the United 

States and abroad.

•  The periodic downward trends are largely due to the onboarding of new customers for 

recently deployed ATMs. There is a lag between deployment and customer adoption that 

temporarily lowers the average monthly transaction volume per ATM.  Similarly, it may be 

expected that downward lags will accompany the deployment of new crypto ATMs in new 

jurisdictions or that have developing economies and limited financial resources.

•  Coinme’s crypto ATMs are currently buy/sell bitcoin for cash only. Coinme is currently 

considering adding other cryptocurrencies and payment methods (e.g., debit/credit card, 

Apple Pay, etc.), as well as potentially local payment methods in developing countries and 

other jurisdictions, which, together with the economic status of the jurisdiction and nature 

of consumer interest, may affect monthly transaction volumes.

Crypto ATMs:  
The Financial Infrastructure of the Future 

Average Monthly Transaction Volume per ATM

No
v-

14

Ja
n-

15

No
v-

15

No
v-

16

M
ar

-15

Ja
n-

16

M
ar

-17

M
ay

-15

M
ar

-16
Ju

l-1
7

Ja
n-

17

Se
p-

16

Ju
l-1

5

M
ay

-16

Se
p-

15

Ju
l-1

6

Copyright © 2017 Up, Global Ltd. 6



2.3  How UpToken Fits with the Customer-Focused 
Mission of Coinme and Its Crypto ATMs 

Coinme’s customers have high standards, and Coinme wishes to meet the expectations 

of its customer base.  To that end, Coinme plans to continue to acquire new hardware, 

develop software to support new cryptocurrencies, integrate additional payment 

methods, and maintain the infrastructure, operational management, regulatory 

compliance, state and federal licensing, and other business-related activities that 

Coinme’s customers have come to expect. Coinme plans to have a broader network of 

Crypto ATMs located across the United States, with international deployments planned 

to begin in the middle of 2018 or later. Although Coinme may also enter other lines of 

business, its current focus is Crypto ATMs and its customers.

The UpToken is a natural outgrowth of the customer-focused mission.  As one more way 

to make a Crypto ATM useful to customers, and as part of Coinme’s recent and planned 

expansion of its suite of products and services, Coinme sees its new UpToken product 

as a potentially attractive fit for its ATM users.

Coinme also intends to expand its product offerings. In the coming months, Coinme plans 

to add cryptocurrencies other than Bitcoin to sell and purchase from its crypto ATMs, as well 

as add additional payment methods.  Coinme hopes that its customers can soon travel far 

and wide and find not only the convenience of our Crypto ATMs at hand, but be able to use 

UpToken to more fully enjoy the experience of being a valued customer.

Crypto ATMs:  
The Financial Infrastructure of the Future 

By early October 

2017, Coinme will 

have a network of 

39 Crypto ATMs 

located throughout 

the western United 

States.

Deployment

Copyright © 2017 Up, Global Ltd. 7



2.4 Coinme Plans to Hold UpToken

Coinme plans to hold 25% of all UpToken created at this address: 

0x052DE51fA8d105de1F38B177030F5536b192b176 (the “Coinme UpToken Vault”).

Coinme does not intend to sell any of its UpToken in the Coinme UpToken Vault until 

it has deployed at least 500 crypto ATMs. At that point, Coinme anticipates that its 

expanded customer base may wish for more UpToken to be made available.  During 

any one month, Coinme will not sell UpToken worth more than 20% of the UpToken 

distributed as loyalty rewards by the network in the previous calendar month. To 

illustrate, if Coinme’s ATMs distribute the equivalent of USD $1M worth of UpToken as 

rewards to ATM customers in January, in February, Coinme will sell no more than the 

equivalent of USD $200k (20% of $1M) worth of UpToken.

2.5 Ongoing Communication

To keep in touch with its customer base, Coinme plans to publish regular 

communications on the UpToken website (www.uptoken.org) describing ongoing 

company activities, new ATM deployments where UpToken may be used, and an 

overview of future initiatives. Coinme will also publish the locations of our crypto ATMs 

and solicit feedback on potential future ATM locations. Furthermore, executive members 

of the Coinme team will be available for ongoing communication with UpToken holders 

who have questions, comments, and ideas about improving their customer experience 

or that they would otherwise like to share with the company. 

Crypto ATMs:  
The Financial Infrastructure of the Future 

Copyright © 2017 Up, Global Ltd. 8



UpToken:  
Benefits to 
Coinme  
Customers  
and UpToken 
Holders

Copyright © 2017 Up, Global Ltd. 9



3.1 Discounted ATM Transaction Fees

Customers will receive a 30% discount on ATM transaction fees if they choose to use 

their UpToken to pay the transaction fee. For example, if a customer purchases $1,000 

of Bitcoin from a Coinme ATM and the ATM transaction fee is 5%, the customer could 

choose to pay the fee from their Coinme UpToken wallet, which would reduce the 

transaction fee to 3.5%. Coinme intends that customers will be eligible for the UpToken 

transaction fee discount immediately upon the purchase of UpToken.  

3.2 UpToken Customer Rewards Program

Each time a customer uses a Coinme crypto ATM, Coinme will automatically deposit 

UpToken into the customer’s Coinme wallet equal to 1% of their ATM transaction amount 

as part of Coinme’s customer rewards program*, even if the customer elects to not 

use their UpToken to pay the transaction fee. Coinme may give customers UpToken 

from the Coinme UpToken Vault or, if it so decides in its discretion, a Coinme UpToken 

wallet which Coinme can replenish on an as needed basis by purchasing UpToken. 

Immediately upon receipt, customers will be able to use their rewarded UpToken 

towards transaction fees.

If customers would like to purchase additional UpToken, they will be able to do so at 

any Coinme ATM once Coinme finishes its UpToken software integration. Customers will 

also be able to sell their UpToken at any of the Coinme ATMs for fiat currency under our 

ATMs’ ordinary terms.

In addition to the 1% rewards benefit, Coinme may also reward customers with UpToken 

for use of the ATM network and other services.

Customers will 

receive a 30% 

discount on ATM 

transaction fees if 

they opt to use their 

UpTokens to pay the 

transaction fee.

30% discount

UpToken:   
Benefits to Coinme Customers and Token Holders 

Copyright © 2017 Up, Global Ltd. 10

*The following terms will apply to UpToken customer rewards program: (1) any UpToken received through the rewards program 

will not be eligible for transferring out of the customer’s Coinme UpToken wallet until the customer has accumulated a 

minimum of $10,000 in total ATM transaction volume, at which point the UpToken wallet will be “unlocked,” (2) the 1% reward 

will not be provided for transactions involving purchasing and selling UpToken; only transactions buying and selling non-

UpToken cryptocurrencies will be provided the 1% reward, and (3) if in the future Coinme reduces transaction fees to less 

than 2% of the ATM transaction amount (e.g., due to economies of scale and efficiency improvements), the reward amount 

awarded through the customer rewards program benefit will not exceed 50% of the total transaction fee.



3.3  Use UpToken to Suggest Which Cryptocurrencies 
Coinme Should Support

Over time, Coinme plans to add new cryptocurrencies to the ATM network. While it is impossible to 

know what the trending new cryptocurrency will be at any particular point in the future, Coinme plans 

to be ready to support its customers’ wishes, and plans to hold a UpToken vote for the opportunity 

to decide what cryptocurrency to add. UpToken votes for new cryptocurrencies will allow our 

customers and coin enthusiasts to have their voice heard in deciding which coins, and from which coin 

inventors and technologists, might become available on the crypto ATM network. Coinme plans to 

ensure that, as our customer preferences evolve, our cryptocurrency offerings will evolve as well.

UpToken votes may be structured in several ways, but the current plan is to set up an 

UpToken address for each candidate cryptocurrency. For example, there could be an address 

for Bitcoin Cash, another for Litecoin, etc. Coinme plans that anyone holding UpToken will be 

able to send UpToken to those addresses to recommend adoption of their desired candidate 

cryptocurrency. When the election period is over, Coinme will take account of its customers’ 

wishes and, unless it finds the decision unreasonable in light of developments (such as 

that a candidate cryptocurrency becomes unusable due to unforeseen events), plans to 

begin a process of adding the cryptocurrency to become available on the crypto ATMs.  

The losing voters’ UpToken will be returned to the losing voters’ wallets. As for the winning 

voters’ UpToken, they will be deposited into the Coinme UpToken Vault. The winning voters’ 

UpToken that Coinme receives will be subject to the same restrictions as the UpToken in the 

vault as described in Section 2.4, as well as the additional restriction that the winning voters’ 

UpToken will be held in the Coinme UpToken Vault for at least five years after the election has 

ended. After the election, Coinme plans to fulfill its customers’ request by seeking to add the 

winning coin to Coinme’s network of ATMs in a commercially reasonable timeframe. All such 

elections will be publicly announced on the UpToken website: www.uptoken.org

3.4 Technical Design: Simple & Secure

UpToken is an Ethereum token following the ERC20 protocol. We will take a conservative 

design approach in order to minimize the attack surface that complicated smart contracts 

present to hackers around the world. Furthermore, we chose not to use an advanced 

contract token architecture to minimize the number of ways the token and token-holders 

can be attacked. 

Our token contract is available to view here www.uptoken.org/contract and is described 

in our token sale terms here: www.uptoken.org/terms

Note that the SHA256 hash of the crowdsale addresses is 

d8edce99c186da3b3ef0cd9c4c91722273534ab396f23f3bfc073f92b41d7f9e - this hash 

has been posted in numerous places for your protection.

UpToken:   
Benefits to Coinme Customers and Token Holders 

Overtime, Coinme 

will add new 

cryptocurrencies to 

the ATM network. 

Auctions will be 

held, and interested 

parties will use 

UpToken to vote.

Voting rights - Choose 
the next currency

Copyright © 2017 Up, Global Ltd. 11



4.1 Leadership

Neil Bergquist,  
Co-Founder, CEO

Neil is the former Director of Innovation 

at Delta Dental of Washington and 

a former Innovation Management 

Consultant at Point B, a consulting 

and venture advising firm with offices 

throughout the US. Neil also developed 

and led the largest technology 

incubator in the Northwest called 

SURF Incubator. Bergquist received 

a Master of Business Administration 

(MBA) from the Atkinson Graduate 

School of Management at Willamette 

University.

Michael Smyers,  
Co-Founder, Engineering

As a serial entrepreneur, Michael 

brings a decade’s worth of experience 

and success to the team. In 2007, 

Michael co-founded Zipwhip 

(https://www.crunchbase.com/

organization/zipwhip), a cloud-based 

texting platform, currently valued at 

$281M. In 2002, Michael founded 

CourseScheduler while completing 

a Bachelor of Science in Electrical 

Engineering from Kansas State 

University. Coinme is a testament of 

Michael’s ability to deliver on a dream.

J.R. Willett,  
Inventor of the Token Sale

In 2013, J.R. invented the ICO by 

launching the Omni Layer (formerly 

Mastercoin) (http://www.omnilayer.

org/). Currently, Omni is the 2nd 

largest ecosystem for crypto assets, 

hosting hundreds of millions of dollars 

(including Maid Safe and Tether). 

UpToken’s unique economics are the 

result of J.R.’s perspective and insight.

Brock Reed,  
VP Marketing

Brock brings over 18 years of 

experience managing and running 

marketing and creative agencies. He 

feeds off energizing diverse teams in 

discovering, strategizing and executing 

successful marketing programs. He is 

a student of branding and understands 

the keys to successful customer 

loyalty. Brock has also started or 

been a founding partner in multiple 

businesses over the years from tech 

support to drinkware.

Juan Llanos,  
Chief Compliance Officer

Juan has been a Certified Anti-Money 

Laundering Specialist (CAMS) since 

2003. With over 15 years’ experience 

in building and managing AML and 

regulatory compliance programs for 

multiple international jurisdictions, 

including Canada, Italy, Hong Kong, 

Mexico, Singapore, the United States 

and Spain, Juan has been recognized 

as a pioneer in the development of 

compliance, operational and risk 

management best practices for the 

money remittances industry.  

Steven Olson,  
Chief Financial Officer

Prior to joining Coinme, Steve served 

as the interim CFO for multiple 

high-growth innovative financial 

technology organizations including 

Ripple Labs. He is a long-standing 

financial executive with over 25 years 

of executive-level management 

experience within technology-focused 

organizations.  

Copyright © 2017 Up, Global Ltd. 12



In a crypto-enabled world,  
all economies can rise UP.  

Join Us. 

Register Today 
www.UpToken.org

Copyright © 2017 Up, Global Ltd. 13


