








































UTRUST Whitepaper


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
The future of online payments is here 

 
 

 
utrust.io 

 
 
 

Version 1.0.1 
 

15 October 2017 
  



 

 2 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 

PREAMBLE ......................................................................................................................... 3	

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY ..................................................................................................... 4	

VISION ................................................................................................................................. 6	

PROBLEM ............................................................................................................................ 6	

SOLUTION ........................................................................................................................... 7	

BLOCKCHAIN, ICOs AND FUTURE OF PAYMENTS ........................................................ 8	

PLATFORM & TOKEN ........................................................................................................ 12	

The UTRUST Payment Platform ............................................................................................................. 12	

THE UTRUST TOKEN ......................................................................................................... 19	

Value and Strategy ..................................................................................................................................... 19	

Token implementation .............................................................................................................................. 20	

PLATFORM MARKET FIT ................................................................................................. 21	

TIMELINE & MILESTONES .............................................................................................. 25	

ICO Details .................................................................................................................................................... 25	

Legal and Compliance ............................................................................................................................... 29	

Development Roadmap ............................................................................................................................ 30	

THE TEAM ......................................................................................................................... 32	

Contributors .................................................................................................................... 37	

Security ......................................................................................................................................................... 37	

Protection ..................................................................................................................................................... 37	

Advisory and information disclosure ................................................................................................... 37	

 



 

 3 

 

PREAMBLE 

 
The purpose of this document is to provide information regarding the UTRUST 

project, its core conceptual idea, business model, competitive advantages, team, 

ICO details and roadmap towards the 1st MVP (Minimum Viable Product). A more 

technical description of core architecture and APIs will follow after the ICO funding 

phase. 

 

UTRUST started from a simple idea, born from a tale of personal hands-on 

frustration using current offerings in crypto-payment systems and our desire to 

build a better platform. After condensing the original concept into a pitch 

presentation, we relentlessly reached out to interested partners and organically 

built our team. Along this journey, we found great partners and mentors who were 

strongly committed and excited to work with the ever-progressing vision of 

UTRUST, while aiding in the refinement of our proposal for the market. Now as we 

drive towards the ICO stage, we thank everyone that supported us and hope to 

surpass the expectations set forth by the community in the future. 

 

This whitepaper has been published on 15 October 2017 in its current revision and 

we recommend following updates on the UTRUST website and other official media 

channels, for new information and updates.  



 

 4 

 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 

 
UTRUST is a revolutionary payment platform that enables buyers to use their 

favorite cryptocurrency in order to pay sellers (private or merchants). We provide 

sellers with the safety and convenience of receiving funds in fiat currency, and offer 

the best consumer-protection to buyers, by acting as trusted mediators. We 

combine the best payment protection features of current generation fiat systems 

with the innovative features of blockchain while blending in the unique features 

provided by our own token.  

 
The UTRUST Platform aims to provide the 

consumer protection that buyers take for 

granted in traditional online purchases, 

acting as a mediator, resolving conflicts and 

enabling the possibility of refunds to mitigate 

fraud, while shielding the merchant from 

crypto-market volatility. We want to build upon the best features of 

cryptocurrencies to enable fast transactions, lower fees and low cross-border 

transaction friction, enabling merchants to sell to a growing worldwide audience of 

crypto-holders. In summation, we aim to build a payment API for marketplace 

integration that will become the crypto-contender to PayPal. 

 

All aforementioned features we intend to integrate would make for an incredible 

product in its own right, the first of its kind in the world of crypto-payments and one 

that could be funded by venture capital investment alone. We decided to go a step 

beyond creating an innovative idea and product, by offering the chance for anyone 

in the world to become a supporter, leveraging the power of an Initial Coin Offering 

(ICO) and issue our own UTRUST token (UTK) alongside the UTRUST Platform. In 

KEY SUMMARY 
PRE-ICO START DATE 28th August 2017, 4pm UTC 

ICO START DATE 2nd November 2017, 2pm UTC 

ROUNDS 1 Pre-sale + 1 Single Round 

TOKEN SYMBOL UTK 

TOKEN POOL SUPPLY 1,000,000,000 (1 billion) 

PRE-ICO ROUND VALUE $0,03 (3 cents) 

ICO ROUND VALUE $0,065 (6.5 cents) 

MAX CROWDSALE CAP $49 MM (forty-nine million) 

ACCEPTED CONTRIBUTIONS BTC & ETH 

TOKEN PROTOCOL ETH, ERC20 



 

 5 

essence, the token will act as a contribution stake from our supporters, as a 

transactional token, that buyers can use in the UTRUST Platform itself alongside 

other major coins, and as a financial mechanism linking the UTRUST token value to 

the UTRUST Platform value - our strategic value-coupling mechanism. 

 

This is an ambitious endeavor intended to build a comprehensive software platform 

from the ground-up, while bringing tangible value to our supporters, in the form of 

token appreciation, and to the community of buyers and sellers, driving its future 

growth in the form of platform transactions. We believe cryptocurrencies are 

evolving to become much more than speculation and are here to stay in the minds 

and wallets of consumers. This is a game-changer that we know can change how 

merchants and buyers use cryptocurrencies and we believe that the only missing 

link is a platform of mediation and trust. The UTRUST platform. 

 

On August 28 2017, we opened a pre-ICO of $1.5 MM to observe community interest 

in our project. After the round closure, and if it matches our expectations, we will 

be targeting an ICO starting on 2nd November 2017, in order to obtain a total 

financial leverage of $49 MM. The funds will fuel our passion to disrupt online 

payments with cryptocurrency, financing development of MVP, marketing 

operations, merchant adoption incentives and team expansion. What we have 

achieved so far is the result of the efforts of a diverse and highly-skilled team, who 

has targeted our ambitious roadmap. At this stage we need your support, and dare 

we say, your trust.  



 

 6 

VISION 

We believe that one of the key roles of cryptocurrencies in the digital age is to 

facilitate transactions and serve as a frictionless and secure payment method with 

broad acceptance. We believe current payment platforms are lacking the 

necessary features to drive broad merchant and user adoption. Digital tokens are 

more than an asset for financial speculation and ICOs can be leveraged to fund 

agile teams with the drive to build new platforms; platforms with real value, driven 

by growth in the transactions of goods and services, and financially sustained by a 

revenue from fair fees. 

 
 

PROBLEM 

Despite the industrial disruption and technological advances that blockchain 

provides, one area that is still largely untapped is digital payments between buyers 

and sellers of physical services. Digital payment systems have been a holdout of 

larger industry incumbents, with more legacy APIs and agreements with traditional 

financial institutions, banks and credit cards. Despite the advantages of crypto 

payments, such as ultra-low fees, speed and low barrier of entry, clear and 

developed advancement in transactional security has yet to be implemented to the 

market. Buyers desire and have come to expect a robust consumer protection 

system that protects their purchases and provides refunds. Sellers on the other 

hand would love to earn more revenue but are cautious of the volatility issues 

associated with accepting cryptocurrencies. Wouldn’t it be amazing if we could 

have the best of both worlds? This is a mutual trust dilemma we aim to solve with 

the UTRUST Platform. 

 



 

 7 

SOLUTION 

Our aim is to build a next-generation payment gateway allowing buyers to use their 

favorite cryptocurrency to buy goods and services with confidence from merchants, 

incorporating a robust PayPal-like consumer protection and dispute resolution 

scheme. We aim to drive adoption of the API by merchants by providing them a 

way to receive fiat currency directly from cryptocurrency buyers, shielding the 

merchant from market volatility and decreasing the risk of accepting crypto-

currency. 

 

 

 

  



 

 8 

 

BLOCKCHAIN, ICOs AND FUTURE OF PAYMENTS 

 

"It’s crazy that most retailers still don’t accept bitcoin payments" 

Jonathan Johnson, Medici Ventures President, 14th July 2017 

 

With the blockchain industry reaching its post-inception phase, many key-

technology foundations are now mature enough to build robust consumer-facing 

products reaching a wider audience. Many wonder what is the next big thing in 

Fintech, what is the next disruption and where we are headed. As with any new 

technology, blockchain is driving change in many areas of traditional business, 

forcing incumbents to adapt their more traditional business models. From banking, 

insurance, equity trading, venture capital, logistics and governance, everyone is 

being affected, with new products redefining the way we think of money, 

transactions, value and trust. We have made great strides from the early days of 

bitcoin being traded in private forums, to exchanges and application platforms 

powered by smart-contracts. 

 

Though we have already made significant advancements, this is just one stage in 

the digitalization of money. With the cryptocurrency market predicted to reach a 

sizable 5 trillion in the year 2025 according to major market analysts1, we believe 

this is the time to go beyond tokens as purely speculative investment platforms and 

begin leveraging Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) to build platforms with tangible value 

and ambition to disrupt. According to Q2 2017 ICO data, over $1.2 billion in funding 

has been raised; however, this amount represents a small fraction of the funds 

invested by more traditional Venture Capital funds in startups worldwide. 

                                                

1 Bloomberg, https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-06-27/novogratz-
says-cryptocurrencies-face-monster-regulatory-risks   



 

 9 

 
Figure 1 - Amount raised by ICOs in 2017 (YTD), in $MM 

 

 
Figure 2 - ICO Investment Growth, 2017 (YTD) 



 

 10 

 
We believe that this momentum will only accelerate with future growth leveraged 

by ICOs that build upon established protocol layers and build next-gen commercial 

ecosystems backed by a token economy. Currently key protocol foundations are in 

place to build a new faster and scalable online payment gateway. A platform you 

can use for paying of goods and services, free from the constrains of legacy 

payment processors built around credit cards and offer more than other crypto-

centered platforms today. We believe the payment arena is one of the key value-

generating uses for cryptocurrencies going forward, and that the UTRUST Platform 

will able to create value for its 3 major stakeholders: the buyer, the merchant and 

the initial token contributors. 

 
 
For buyers, we aim to minimize the risk of scams and fraud while 

paying online, providing full payment protection of purchases and 

acting as mediator of all transactions. We strive to be the best choice for buyers, by 

minimizing the amount of service fees for each transaction in comparison to other 

system. Our goal is to increase the purchasing power of cryptocurrency by 

providing buyers more and safer outlets to spend their acquired crypto-holdings, 

which will further drive the variety of merchant offers, expand market consumption 

and size. 

 

 
   For merchants, we aim to provide a way to expand their client base 

and sale revenue by targeting a wider audience of cryptocurrency 

holders. This untapped market of users has amassed a large number of assets that 

continue to grow in valuation with limited outlets that stimulate spending. By 

providing the merchants the ability to receive in fiat currency, we will tackle one of 

the major gripes of accepting cryptocurrencies in a highly volatile economy, 

effectively shielding the merchant against crypto volatility and assuring the amount 



 

 11 

received for the purchase. Additionally, we will mitigate common risks associated 

with traditional payment methods by removing the possibility of chargebacks, 

stolen credit card information and fraud. 

 
 
For Contributors, we aim to provide an opportunity to fund a platform 

with real value in its operating business model beyond mere token 

speculation. The UTRUST token will not only have a role in the UTRUST Platform as 

an accepted token alongside other cryptocurrencies offering the advantage of fee 

waivering, but will also be synergistically tied to the platform in a strategic value 

coupling. Each time a buyer pays with any cryptocurrency via the UTRUST payment 

platform, a small percentage of the transactional fee is removed from the market 

and burned in the form of a UTRUST token. This reduces the token supply further 

driving demand, the adoption of the platform, and the value for contributors. In 

essence, the higher the volume of transactions in the UTRUST platform, the higher 

the potential value of the UTRUST token for contributors in the future.  



 

 12 

 

PLATFORM & TOKEN 

 
The UTRUST Payment Platform 

 

The UTRUST Platform is a payment processor solution that enables merchants to 

accept multiple cryptocurrencies from buyers while receiving their funds in fiat 

currency. We aim to establish our solution as the best in the market, offering a few 

distinct innovative features: 

• A robust consumer protection and risk mitigation to both buyers and sellers 

• Pay with your favorite cryptocurrency as a buyer, receive in fiat currency as 

a seller 

• An integrated indexed token of exchange, that can be used in the platform 

to reduce transactional fees 

 
Figure 3 - Overview of a transaction  



 

 13 

 

UTRUST will be a transactional payment API that combines the speed and safety of 

crypto payments with the consumer protection of traditional payment systems and 

the fraud-free benefits of crypto payments (no stolen cards, chargebacks or 

hacked accounts). It will be a payment protection system designed around a robust 

mediation mechanism, empowering the buyer to open a dispute and escalate if 

something goes wrong. We provide a safe chat environment for both parties to 

dialogue and attempt to self-resolve while allowing a trusted mediator to join as 

an arbitrator. This escalation and mediation by a UTRUST operator insures that a 

final decision (refund or release) is reached by an impartial 3rd party. Our key-

pillars of value stand on: 

 

 

Buyer Protection - The amount paid by the buyer is held until 

transaction has been validated by the platform mediator. UTRUST 

handles conflict resolution and mitigate risk, protecting the consumer and assuring 

the possibility of the buyer to get a refund in case of a problem arising with the 

purchase. 

 
 

Fluctuation Protection - We provide a transparent conversion preview of 

rates. The conversion from crypto to fiat is done JIT at the best market rate 

and added to the pool. By locking in this amount and assuring the hold after 

conversion, we ensure the seller will get the specific amount he/she requested, 

unconstrained from crypto market volatility. 

 
Low fees - We provide lower fees than other ecommerce platforms for 

sellers - 1% of the transaction amount. Connection to multiple exchange 

providers and smart analytics ensures the lowest possible exchange fees for the 

buyer sending the payment. 



 

 14 

 
How will the platform work from a buyer and seller’s perspectives? It’s quite simple. 

Let’s look at a typical user interaction flow with the platform:  

 

• The merchant sets an article for sale on the marketplace with the specific 

price he/she intends to receive in their local currency. The marketplace 

offers prospective buyers with a wide range of payment options at checkout, 

including UTRUST. 

 
• Since the merchant wants to target as many young online buyers as possible, 

he/she offers UTRUST payment as a prominent checkout option, the buyer 

can select and take advantage of the best possible protection from the 

UTRUST platform. 

 
• A buyer sees the offer and thinks it’s a great deal for the price the merchant 

offers. 

  

Buyer

Merchant Check-out Context

Seller

Sets article for sale in market
(e.g.: 200 USD)

Buyer decides to purchase 
the article

Selection of payment method

Pay with UTRUST



 

 15 

 
• When the buyer selects UTRUST as a payment 

method, he/she can choose to use funds from 

any of their existing cryptocurrency wallets as 

a source of funds (e.g.: Bitcoin, Ethereum 

address) or use their UTRUST funds. If he/she 

has not created an account with UTRUST at 

this stage, he/she can do so now or just 

proceed and pay. 

 
• The buyer will be shown a description of the 

total amount to be paid, including a 1% 

commission and exchange conversion fees 

(from the crypto amount to the fiat amount). 

The description is transparent and updated 

every 2 minutes. 

 

• The buyer completes the transaction and the 

amount is sent to UTRUST. Our system 

converts the cryptocurrency amount to fiat and holds it in escrow until its 

released to the seller. The specific duration of this hold period will vary 

depending on the merchant performance history. 

  



 

 16 

 

• The merchant is then notified of an incoming purchase and that the amount 

has been sent by the buyer and is pending release. If this is a trusted 

merchant with a high-performance rating, the funds will be released almost 

immediately. If the merchant is a newcomer to the platform with no prior 

history the hold period can take several days. As the merchant establishes a 

track record of successful transactions, his performance rating will increase, 

hereby progressively decreasing the hold period. 

 

  



 

 17 

 

• If everything goes smoothly, the buyer receives the 

article, the seller receives the funds and no dispute 

is opened. Another happy customer and another 

successful sale for the merchant increasing his 

performance. 

 

• But let’s imagine that something does go wrong. 

For example, perhaps the buyer did not receive 

the article from the merchant due to an incorrect 

address. He decides to open a dispute, escalating 

the issue. At this escalation stage, both parties 

enter a self-resolution chat, where they try to 

amicably come to mutual agreeable terms. This 

can mean the merchant acknowledging a 

shipping mistake and fixing the issue, voluntarily 

refunding the buyer, or the buyer acknowledging 

the goods were received. These few examples are 

among a multitude of possible scenarios. 

 

• If both parties do not come to terms in 7 days, the 

buyer has the option to escalate the claim to a 

mediator. In this instance, a UTRUST operator joins 

the chat resolution and serves as mediator and 

arbitrator with final say on the dispute outcome. 

Proceeding with an escalation will incur a fee of 2% 

over the amount in hold if a buyer refund is issued 

by the UTRUST mediator. 



 

 18 

 

• From this point onwards, the UTRUST mediator takes control of the chat, 

collecting evidence from both parties and either issues a refund to the buyer 

or releases the funds to the seller. If the merchant loses the dispute (due to 

scam or fraud), a corresponding performance downgrade will occur, which 

will translate to a higher hold period for future transactions. Any buyer 

refunds are issued in UTRUST tokens, converted from fiat at current market 

value. 

  



 

 19 

 

THE UTRUST TOKEN 

 

The token 
 

You can use the UTRUST token in the platform by spending it on merchants that 

support UTRUST or private buyer/seller transactions. You can also sell the token on 

open exchanges, privately, or just hodl it for future use. The key difference in our 

platform is the business model behind it. UTRUST is a payment system that enables 

you to use the coin and spend it independently alongside a system that grows in 

synergy with the coin. Moreover, using the UTRUST token on the payment platform 

will have additional benefits to further stimulate its growth. 

 
 
Value and Strategy 

 
How will this strategic value coupling work? Each time a buyer pays with any 

cryptocurrency via the UTRUST payment platform a percentage of the 

transactional fee will be used to buyback UTRUST tokens and remove them from 

the market. The removed tokens will be burned. This will reduce the amount of 

UTRUST token supply further driving demand, the adoption of the platform and the 

value for Contributors. The higher the volume of transactions in the UTRUST 

platform, the higher the potential market value of the token. Since a percentage of 

the transaction fee is removed from the pool in each market transaction, the more 

UTRUST platform is used (with any crypto), the further the price of UTRUST 

appreciates, a built-in adjustment that acts as our self-correcting mechanism. If an 

Contributor decides to hold UTRUST token for the long run, though it will be 

subjected to exchange market fluctuations, there is a protective layer that links it to 

a sustainable financial platform. This so called intrinsic deflationary engine makes 



 

 20 

UTRUST not only the safest payment platform, but a great utility token with growing 

value. 

The amount of UTRUST tokens is projected to be reduced from the initial 1 billion to 

a minimum cap of 100 million, at a rate no faster than 50 million a year. This 

dynamic adjustment of the fee burn rate will be managed by the UTRUST platform 

analytics engine with the goal of balancing token supply and demand while 

encouraging transaction growth. 

 

 
Token implementation 

 
The UTRUST token will be implemented as an ERC20-compatible token over the 

Ethereum blockchain. Ethereum was the natural choice for this project due to its 

broad adoption and industry-standard for issuing custom digital assets. The 

compatibility with the ERC20 standard leverages upon the existing infrastructure 

advantages of the Ethereum ecosystem, namely in terms of development tools, 

wallets, exchanges and human resource expertise. The ability to program smart 

contracts with a Turing-complete language allows for robust foundation and 

flexible customization of the cryptocurrency to the UTRUST domain-specific 

requirements. For more information on ERC20, please visit 

https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20 

 

 
  



 

 21 

 

PLATFORM MARKET FIT 

 
In order to understand what was missing in the online payments market, we started 

by collecting data from user experiences using crypto payment systems, identifying 

the major pain points encountered. We then looked at current solutions in the 

market (both in crypto and traditional fiat payment segments), comparing key-

features, and focusing on the top-market players. From this analysis, we discovered 

that current solutions in crypto payments were lacking in their ability to provide 

merchants and buyers with the protection features users had come to expect from 

traditional payment methods in the areas of transaction protection and conflict 

resolution. On the other hand, traditional payment solutions suffered from a high 

rate of fraud, with credit card chargebacks being a major pain for merchants. By 

condensing our findings and comparing UTRUST with the top players in the 

traditional and crypto worlds, we came with the following comparison chart: 

 
Figure 4 - Competitive Landscape vs other market players 



 

 22 

1. Lower Buyer Purchase Risk - We cover all purchases (both goods and the 

majority of services). Other traditional solutions such as PayPal only cover the 

purchase of physical goods. Crypto-based services such as Bitpay do not cover 

anything at all. 

 
2. Payment Approval Speed - Unlike traditional payment systems, which usually 

delay the approval of payments due to high risk of fraud and require submission 

of countless documents, we approve payments immediately and make the 

process hassle-free for both parties (buyer & seller). 

 
3. Low exchange fees - We provide both buyers and sellers low exchange fees by 

using advanced analytics that connects to multiple crypto-currency exchange 

providers. Services such as PayPal and Bitpay provide exorbitant internal 

exchange rates. 

 
4. Low seller fees - We will charge sellers a flat 1% fee on received payments. Other 

services such as PayPal charge a flat minimum rate of 2.9%, but can go as high 

as 5% after all “hidden fees” are accounted for. 

 

5. Multiple Cryptocurrencies accepted - We accept the most used 

cryptocurrencies on the market (Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash Monero and 

others) that covers a wider percentage of the total market cap. Other services 

such as Bitpay only accept Bitcoin, which restricts their market to half of the 

total market cap. As more tokens are created and added to the market, the 

captured percentage of Bitcoin will only shrink further. 

 
6. Safety of funds – Leverage the power of the blockchain and say goodbye to 

credit card fraud. Only you will have control over your own private keys and 

funds, and UTRUST cannot access your wallet. Traditional centralized solutions 

have a poor track record of keeping your funds safe. 



 

 23 

 

7. No Chargebacks - Sellers will be protected from rampant credit card fraud and 

fake chargebacks, which is a common occurrence in traditional payment 

services that still rely on credit cards. 

 
8. Customer Payment Protection – The well-known service PayPal relies heavily 

on its buyer/seller protection plan. However, it only covers the purchase of 

physical goods. Bitpay does not cover any purchases, making the transaction 

irreversible and leaving you exposed to potential fraud. UTRUST extends 

consumer protection by covering both physical and virtual (if applicable) 

purchases. We will guarantee full coverage for all eligible payments made via 

UTRUST. 

 
9. Efficient resolution of disputes - Traditional solutions such as PayPal have a 

lengthy waiting period of transaction resolutions while they gather evidence on 

both sides independently (taking up to several months), making it a slow and 

painful process. We provide both a self-mediated 2-party resolution mode, and 

an advanced 3-party resolution dispute mechanism, enabling both parties to 

chat in real time, guided by one of our resolution mediators. We make it quick 

and easy to sort conflicts. 

 
10. Performance-based rating of seller - We implemented a performance-based 

analytics algorithm to evaluate the performance of sellers, making it so that 

when the performance of a seller grows, the corresponding hold period on the 

funds is decreased. This mechanism creates a trusted environment, 

encouraging sellers to perform better over time and increases buyer 

confidence. In a best-case scenario, a top seller will see its hold time virtually 

eliminated and will have the ability to obtain the funds almost immediately. 

 



 

 24 

11. Decentralized token linked to platform value - UTRUST is not only a payment 

platform. We will issue our own cryptocurrency – the UTRUST token with which 

you can buy/sell/send/receive in the platform, convert it to fiat, another 

cryptocurrency, or simply keep safe in your wallet and see its value grow in 

synergy with the platform. Transactions using the UTRUST token will be 

converted internally and benefit of zero exchange fee within the UTRUST 

platform. 

 

  



 

 25 

 

TIMELINE & MILESTONES 

 
ICO Details 

 
An initial pre-ICO was successfully completed on 28th August 2017 and the main ICO 

opening round is set to follow on 2nd November 2017, 2pm GMT. The single round 

will run for a variable period no longer than 7 days or until all tokens are issued, 

whichever happens first. The maximum crowdsale cap is set at $49 MM (forty-nine 

million), with accepted contribution tokens in both BTC and ETH. The total pool is 

fixed at 1,000,000,000 (1 billion) tokens, and will be segmented in a single round 

totaling 70% of the pool, preceded by a 5% pre-sale sale and with 10% already pre-

allocated to private stakes. In aggregate, all publicly available rounds will total 75% 

of total minted tokens, with our minimum contribution stake is set at 0.2 ETH / 0.02 

BTC 

 

 

The pre-sale round targeted a unit price of $0.03 (three cents) per token with a 5% 

distribution of the token pool. The ICO will follow suit at a 70% distribution, with unit 

prices per token at a fixed value of $0.065 (six dot five cents). Regarding the 

remaining 15% of tokens, 10% will be retained by UTRUST, diluted in 2% per year, 

during the next 5 years in order to support future steering of the project. The final 



 

 26 

5% will be allocated to marketing and bounties. The values and percentages are 

further detailed in the table below: 

 
 

The pre-sale round confirmed profile public interest in the project’s potential and 

obtained valuable community feedback, while providing an early opportunity to 

loyal contributors to join in prior to the full ICO. The ICO will have a maximum 

duration of 7 days, closing the moment the tokens are sold out. During the round, 

the tokens are distributed in a first-come-first-served basis and only the tokens sold 

on each round will be created and issued (for example, if only 50% of the tokens 

are sold in 7 days, then only 500 million tokens will be generated, thereby 

decreasing the total token pool from 1 billion to 500 million).  

In regard to the token issue timeline, the UTRUST tokens are planned to be issued 

to all contributors no longer than 2 weeks after the ICO closes. This timeline may be 

subject to further delays in the event of any unforeseen legal, certification, or 

regulatory compliance roadblocks. 

 

For further information regarding our token sale, please visit the dedicated FAQ 

section on our website. 

 

A significant portion of the post-ICO funds, totaling 40% of the token total value will 

be allocated to the MVP, R&D, personnel, the development of an API for merchant 

 Percent Unit Price per Token Total Tokens Issued Total Amount 

Private Round 10% $0.02 100,000,000 $2,000,000 

     
PRE-sale Round 5% $0.03 50,000,000 $1,500,000 

     
ICO Round (single) 70% $0.065 700,000,000 $45,500,000 

TOTAL 85%    



 

 27 

marketplace integration, client wallet frontend, and resolution dispute mechanism 

backend. Around a quarter of the funds will be allocated for marketing purposes 

and to drive platform adoption and integration with 3rd party websites. The 

remaining amount will be dedicated to operational and administration expenses, 

partner engagement and legal fees. The following chart represents the current 

expected allocation and may be adjusted as the project evolves. 

 

 

 
● Engineering and Development - Developing the UTRUST platform and all its 

components, hiring technical resources and establishing the infrastructure to 

support development. 

 

● Marketing & Promotional - Developing relationships, marketing plan and 

cooperation strategy with merchants in order to expand support of the 

UTRUST platform and reach a wider audience of clients. Developing a 

marketing campaign targeting increased adoption of the platform by 

buyers. 

 

40%

20%

15%

12%

10%
3%

Allocation of funds, post-ICO

Engineering and Development

Partner Engagement

Marketing and Promotional

Legal and Regulation

Operational and Administration

Misc



 

 28 

• Partner Engagement – Developing relationships with non-merchant entities, 

such as exchange providers and other strategic partnerships. Engaging 

possible joint ventures and incentives to drive platform adoption. 

 

• Legal & Regulation – Establishing legal entities, complying with the ongoing 

regulatory framework, incorporation and other legal obligations. 

 
 
  



 

 29 

 

Legal and Compliance 

 

The UTRUST token sale represents a voluntary contribution towards the execution 

of this product vison by its current and future team. The UTRUST token does not 

grant any direct equity stake nor profit sharing. It does not represent an ownership 

right or claim in the UTRUST Platform ecosystem, revenues or intellectual property, 

either present or future. Despite UTRUST team’s best efforts and diligence to bring 

this project forward, all contributors should be aware that their contributions are 

not refundable and accept the inherent risk of project failure at any stage of 

development. This implicit risk is associated with any and all uncertainty of backing 

cutting-edge technologically-focused entrepreneurial projects, and can be 

affected by either internal or external factors that are out of the control scope of 

the team. Additionally, contributions may be subject to any applicable compliance 

regulations (including KYC, AML and others where applicable).  

The UTRUST token can be used in the UTRUST platform, with a corresponding utility 

value inside such ecosystem. We believe that the UTRUST token does not qualify as 

a security and does not provide a contributor equity share in the legal structure of 

any of the UTRUST entities. As a preventive measure of caution and due to U.S. 

Securities and Exchange Commission new regulations2 we do not currently accept 

contributions from US citizens or otherwise regarded as US-Persons3 

The UTRUST token will not give any redemption rights4. The token cannot be used 

as means of payment until the regulatory qualification with the Swiss regulator 

FINMA5 has been completed.  

                                                

2 Investor Bulletin: Initial Coin Offerings - https://www.sec.gov/oiea/investor-alerts-and-bulletins/ib_coinofferings 
3 U.S. Person as defined by IRS tax law - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/classification-of-
taxpayers-for-us-tax-purposes 
4 The right of the investors to force a company to repurchase their shares 
5 FINMA - Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority - https://www.finma.ch/en/ 



 

 30 

Development Roadmap 

 
Regarding timelines for this project, the following showcases tentative milestones 

and target date for each phase: 

 
Figure 5 - The roadmap towards a new payment system 

 

After the conceptual phase and the ICO closes, our team will prepare a detailed 

roadmap for the staged development of the platform. Currently we aim to have a 

transactional API platform ready for merchants to test in Q1 2018, supported by a 

wallet app in where buyers and merchants can check their balance, transaction 

history and mediated resolutions. The back-end interface for mediators will 



 

 31 

complement the platform, rolling out in a progressive basis in Q2 2018. The initial 

pilot launch will feature a curated selection of merchants with a progressive 

expansion and refinement in Q3 2018. 

 

 
Figure 6 – MVP for transactional API integration and user wallet   



 

 32 

 

THE TEAM 

 
In order to realize this ambitious project, and bring the MVP from concept to 

market, we gathered an awesome team of diverse experts, from mobile tech, 

digital payments, finance, crypto markets, UX and business worlds. Together we 

will leverage our combined experience in other ventures to make this project a 

reality. Want to know more about the UTRUST team? Here are just a few of us, but 

we encourage you to visit our website team section and check the complete profiles 

of our core team and advisors. 

 
 

   

Nuno Correia 
CEO 

Filipe Castro 
CIO 

Artur Goulão 
CTO 

An early cryptocurrency 
investor, deeply involved in 
crypto markets and 
community since early 2011 
and successfully co-founded 
several B2C ventures. With a 
background in Law and 
Marketing, he is passionate 
about the transformative 
future of digital payments. 

An MBA with an MSENG and 
love for disruptive 
technologies. Early career in 
development of software 
solutions, including electronic 
payment systems. 
Internationally-minded, moved 
from corporate to small 
ventures in Scandinavia, 
complemented with an MBA in 
China and a brief advisory 
role. Now engaged in business 
development and strategic 
development of innovative 
ventures. 

Former CTO in a leading 
digital payment platform 
company and current 
head of Development of a 
Swiss-based 
Cybersecurity company. 
Excels and is deeply 
involved in the 
development and R&D of 
software-related payment 
systems, in either classical 
or Blockchain 
Smartcontract-based 
approach. Has a 
background in Computer 
Science from IST and MIT. 

   



 

 33 

    

Roberto Machado 
CPO 

Luís Zamith 
Head of Engineering 

Nick Olender 
VP of Marketing 

Founder and Product 
Manager at several startups 
prior to UTRUST, he has been 
leading different teams to 
build highly reliable software 
products, with a focus on the 
end user experience. 
Previously, he has worked 
together with major 
international companies such 
as AT&T, Betfair, Airtel and 
Uphold, to provide vision 
outline, goals and product 
strategy of solutions used by 
millions of users. 

Working at Subvisual for more 
than 5 years, he specializes in 
the development of complex 
web-centered solutions, using 
Ruby and RoR. He has a 
fondness for open source tech 
and giving back to the 
community. He is an 
accomplished Rails mentor, 
teaching in workshops, 
university classes and events. 
He also loves experimenting 
with new, fun programming 
languages, from Haskell to 
Elixir or even Crystal. 

Technology is only as 
important as the business 
problems it solves.  Nick 
loves opening a closed 
mind to a solution that a 
new perspective can 
create. He has a keen 
interest in international 
business strategy with an 
emphasis on business 
financials and technology 
applications. 

 

   

Sydney Lai 
Partner Engagement 

João Ferreira 
Head of Design 

Laura Esteves 
Head of Operations 

Cryptocurrency investor with a 
background in tech and banking 
at Wells Fargo and Credit 
Suisse. As a community leader 
building startup ecosystems, she 
has built relationships with 
financial institutions, 
accelerators, venture funds and 
investors, helping to enable 
society's access to emerging 
technology. 

Lead Designer at Subvisual 
with over 5 years’ experience 
in designing several 
innovative web-centered 
products. In his UX 
methodology, he obsesses 
with a human-centered 
approach, focused on 
bringing out the best possible 
experience for the end user. 
He digs deep to understand 
the drive and motivations in 
using a product while looking 
for opportunities to empower 
the user at every step. 

With a background in 
management, she has 
contributed to different 
organizations in tech and 
media ensuring the smooth 
execution of operational 
activities and events. 
Analytical and driven, she 
analyzes and manages KPIs 
towards continuous growth 
and operational excellence. 



 

 34 

   

Francisco Baila 
Product Designer 

Gabriel Poça 
Software Engineer 

Ronaldo Sousa 
Software Engineer 

A young designer with a passion 
for typography who always has 
five minutes to talk about it. He 
has had the opportunity to work 
with worldwide known brands 
and platforms, beautifying 
technology into a friend. 

Upon first encouter, but you 
would instantly find that this 
guy is a top-notch web 
developer, loving every 
aspect of his job. From 
working in key-projects for 
AT&T and helping launch new 
fintech and healthcare care 
startups, Gabriel has had 
diverse experiences that 
makes him a balanced all-
round developer and PM. 

Restless techie, design guru 
and music lover that likes to 
build complex software for the 
people. Usually, you can find 
him diligently coding in front 
of a computer, getting inspired 
with a guitar, or meditating on 
a couch. Always learning new 
exoteric programming 
languages, he is keen on 
decentralized systems and 
modern technologies. 

   

Fernando Mendes 
Software Engineer 

Bruno Azevedo 
 Software Engineer 

Pedro Costa 
 Software Engineer 

With a background in 
distributed systems and 
computing, he loves to give 
back to the community by being 
a part of different volunteering 
organizations. A young prodigy 
with multiple academic awards 
and fresh from college, he is 
now focusing on mastering 
cutting-edge technologies that 
will help change the world. 

A Software Engineer with a 
specialization in Natural 
Language Processing and 
Machine Learning. He loves 
to explore different 
technologies; combined with 
his 5+ years of experience as 
a web developer makes him a 
force to be reckoned with in 
cutting-edge projects. He 
aims to be the best version of 
himself applied into whatever 
area he's interested in. 

An acomplished full-stack web 
Developer at Subvisual. His 
experience dates back to the 
world of HPC and the 
beginnings of Web 2.0. 
Describing himself as pedantic, 
he is constantly experimenting 
and trying new approaches to 
classic problems, striving for 
excellence at every step 

 
 



 

 35 

   

Marc Howland 
Finantial Advisor 

David Bryan 
Strategic Advisor 

Lilian Yu 
Marketing Advisor - China 

Marc holds a role as Co-
Founder and Business Developer 
at Keyturn, a venture using 
blockchain tech to build a 
supply-chain-centric product. 
He has extensive experience in 
the private equity and 
investment banking sector, 
having worked at Goldman 
Sachs & The Carlyle Group. He 
is currently pursuing an MBA 
from Harvard Business School, 
with a previous BA in Business 
Economics from Brown. 

David is a Serial Entrepreneur 
and a Co-Founder of Keyturn 
Public Benefit Corporation, a 
venture using blockchain tech to 
disrupt the construction and 
supply-chain industry. He 
specializes in System Platform 
Design and Technology 
Strategy, with more than 10 
years of experience in the 
design of sustainable game-
changing solutions supporting a 
triple bottom line – people, 
planet, profit. 

With extensive experience in 
product branding and 
marketing, she has spent most 
of her career focused on the 
Mainland China and Taiwan 
markets, working with digital 
agencies to successfully launch 
new campaigns. She holds a 
Business Administration with a 
marketing focus and has a keen 
interest in consumer behavior 
and analytics. 

    

Sascha Benz 
Business Develop. Advisor 

Dhiveshan Govender 
Strategic Advisor 

João Figueira 
Legal Advisor 

A seasoned Entrepreneur and 
Strategy consultant, he has 
founded several ventures in the 
e-commerce and mobile space 
in Switzerland. Holds a degree 
in Banking & Finance from the 
University of Zurich and 
specializes in growth strategy, 
product design and marketing 
strategy of mobile and e-
commerce centric platforms. 

Founder and CEO of SVRGN, a 
platform built to empower 
citizens to control and share 
their digital identity between 
trusted entities. Created and 
lead an innovative global first 
model for digital music 
streaming consumption: PAYC, 
later translated onto the 
blockchain – giving rise to 
Stream-to-own models. Holds a 
MBA from the University of 
Stellenbosch Business School 
and is currently working in 
Europe to spearhead the 
development of a blockchain 
ecosystem in Africa. 

International lawyer with 
extensive experience in 
international taxation and legal 
aspects of cross-border 
investment in several industries 
such as IT/Media, Real Estate, 
M&A, Finance, FinTech and 
Cryptocurrency. Due to his 
background in both Law and 
Management, he is counsel to 
Boards of Directors of several 
companies. João is Managing 
Partner of a Lisbon based firm, 
Lugna, and a college Professor. 
Providing forward-looking 
solutions in challenging new 
sectors is part of his daily 
business. 



 

 36 

   

João Paulo 
PhD, Cloud Security Advisor 

Francisco Cruz 
 PhD, Architecture Advisor 

Francisco Maia 
PhD, Distrib. Systems Advisor 

Co-Founder of SafeCloud 
Technologies based in 
Switzerland and researcher at 
INESC TEC. He is one of the 
world leading researchers on 
storage deduplication and 
benchmarking. He has also 
worked on software defined 
storage for Cloud Computing 
and has contributed to several 
European projects namely in 
the development of secure 
database and storage 
solutions. 

Researcher at INESC TEC and 
Co-Founder of SafeCloud 
Technologies based in 
Switzerland. His work has been 
focused on distributed 
databases and Big Data. He 
has extensively contributed to 
the community with work on 
autonomous reconfiguration 
and elasticity systems for 
Cloud Computing. He has been 
involved in European projects 
such as CumuloNimbo, aimed 
at re-architecting distributed 
database solutions intended 
for large scale deployments. 

Co-Founder and CEO of 
SafeCloud Technologies , a 
Swiss venture focused on 
privacy-preserving software 
solutions. Researcher at INESC 
TEC with focus on distributed 
systems, large scale data 
storage, distributed 
coordination and privacy-
preserving technology. He has 
participated in several 
European projects in 
collaboration with both 
industrial and academic 
partners from all over the 
world. 

   

   

   



 

 37 

 
Contributors 

 
Security 

 
Our system is designed to take into account the recent events of wallet theft in ICO. 

This will be mitigated by circulating the currency between multiple addresses and 

converting a significant amount of the ICO to fiat currency when possible. 

 

 
Protection 

 
A contribution in UTRUST tokens is a contribution in the UTRUST platform’s future. 

Our deflationary mechanism creates intrinsic value and a relationship between the 

platform growth and token value. The purpose is to mitigate the effects of earlier 

ICOs in which the tokens had a large demand on the first months, and then 

flattened, leaving the value at almost zero. 

 

 
Advisory and information disclosure 

 
Our operating strategy includes periodical contact with Contributors through a 

mailing list and/or newsletter in order to keep them updated on current status of 

development, marketing, clients, and revenue. This strategy allows us to gain 

feedback from the contributors and keep them updated without most recent news 

and developments.  



 

 38 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 


