











































https://verify.as

AUTHORS:

Yazin Alirhayim

Ibrahim Mokdad

Dmitriy Vorobyev, PhD

REVIEWERS:

Pavel Gabriel

Prof. Renato P. dos Santos, ScD

The Ethereum-powered Reputation Platform for Commerce



Contents
Disclaimer .............................................................................................................. 4

Executive Summary ............................................................................................5

1. Introduction ....................................................................................................... 7

2. Vision .................................................................................................................9

2.1 Verify Reputation Protocol .........................................................9

2.2 Verify Payments ...........................................................................11

3.  Verify Reputation Protocol ..........................................................................13

3.1 Reputation: How it works ...........................................................13

3.2 CRED tokens ................................................................................14

4. Verify Payments ............................................................................................ 16

4.1 Buyer Protection .......................................................................... 16

4.2 Advance payment to sellers.................................................... 21

4.3 Abuse Prevention ......................................................................24

5. Proof of Concept .......................................................................................... 29

5.1 Detailed example of a transaction......................................... 29

5.2 Minimum Viable Product (MVP) ..............................................32

6. Launch and Roadmap ..................................................................................34

6.1 Product Roadmap .......................................................................34

6.2 Tokensale Details ..................................................................... 40

6.3 Token Distribution ......................................................................41

6.4 Fund Allocation...........................................................................42

6.5 Buyback ........................................................................................43



7. Legal .................................................................................................................44

General information ..........................................................................44

Knowledge required.........................................................................44

Risks .....................................................................................................44

Important disclaimer .........................................................................45

Representation and warranties .....................................................46

Governing law and arbitration .......................................................46

Appendix A: Long-term Vision .......................................................................47

Appendix B: Token Economic Model ...........................................................48

Setup ....................................................................................................48

Analysis ................................................................................................48

Equilibrium ..........................................................................................49

Conclusion ......................................................................................... 50

Appendix C: Team............................................................................................ 52

Appendix D: Advisors .......................................................................................53

Reputation & Trust ............................................................................53

Payments .............................................................................................53

Economics ...........................................................................................53

Blockchain ..........................................................................................53

References ..........................................................................................................54



Disclaimer
All of the information presented in this whitepaper is tentative and is subject to change at any time. 
None of the information herein should be construed as legal, accounting, or investment advice of 
any kind. This document does not represent a solicitation for investment, nor does it represent an 
offering or sale, public or private, of any kind of financial instrument, security or otherwise, in any 
jurisdiction. This whitepaper is provided as-is, for informational purposes only, with the intention of 
describing a prospective software system.



verify.as 5

Executive Summary
The global retail market is $22T a year, and eCommerce represents $1.9T [1], just over 8.5% of all 
yearly global retail. Blockchain commerce, on the other hand, represents under $50M in total vol-
ume, the sum of all products purchased using cryptocurrencies [2]. This volume is incredibly small; 
for every $440,000 of commerce conducted, just $1 is paid for using cryptocurrencies.

In this paper, we offer a vision for a solution that addresses the key challenges standing in the way 
of mainstream blockchain commerce.

This comprises a technology stack that solves 3 basic problems:

1. Lack of consumer protection for buyers that purchase items using cryptocurrencies;

2. Lack of a transparent reputation platform that verifies the reliability and trustworthiness of sellers;

Global Retail Market

$22T
eCommerce

$1.9T Blockchain commerce
$50m



verify.as 6

3. eCommerce sellers across the world suffer from a high incidence rate of fraud; chargeback 
losses are projected to hit $31B by 2020 [3], over 1.5% of all transaction volume [4].

We propose Verify, a distributed reputation protocol deployed on the Ethereum blockchain that 
monitors and continually updates the reputation of the various parties involved in a transaction. 
This results in a public, provably valid reputation record for buyers and sellers as rated by their 
counterparties. Finally, this reputation data is used in various ways to incentivize reputed sellers 
and buyers to continue using the Verify protocol.

A reputation protocol without data is futile; we, therefore, propose a novel solution built on the 
Verify reputation platform that simultaneously addresses the key consumer protection issues that 
blockchain buyers face today and collects the requisite data necessary to bootstrap the reputation 
protocol (i.e. to solve the “coldstart” problem).

By building this infrastructure layer for blockchain commerce, we foresee exponential growth in 
blockchain commerce in the years to come, as more buyers and sellers opt to use Verify for the 
protection, speed and convenience that it offers relative to traditional alternatives. Verify is built by 
veterans of the financial industry, having previously onboarded thousands of sellers on traditional 
credit card gateways, before acquisition of their company by Amazon in 2017 [5].



verify.as 7

1. Introduction
The blockchain was made public in 2009 through a whitepaper published by the mysterious person 
or entity known as Satoshi Nakamoto [6]. Through the novel use of groups and hashes, the blockchain 
allows transactions to take place in a trustless environment -- one where not all of the participants can 
be trusted to act in a benign manner. In this way, blockchain transactions disintermediate a process that 
traditionally required the reliance on a trusted third party.

While undoubtedly useful in a myriad of ways, blockchain transactions do not fit the current com-
mercial model of the world. This is immediately evident by close inspection of any blockchain trans-
action in a commercial setting. Today, you pay first then receive the items you purchased (e.g. 
through a courier). Payments represent just the first step in a series of steps that together comprise 
a single “transaction”.

Q: “What opportunities do you see in eCommerce?” 

Vitalik Buterin: “Reputation and escrow”, October ‘17 [7]

Consider the example below, where Alice attempts to purchase an item (say a pair of sneakers) 
from Bob’s store:



verify.as 8

A number of problems become immediately apparent, for both the buyer (Alice) and the seller (Bob):

Challenges facing buyers

 » The buyer is required to pay for a transaction, with no guarantee that the good or service that they are 
purchasing will be delivered. Further, since blockchain transactions are final, Alice has made a final, ir-
reversible payment to Bob’s store with no guarantee that she will ever receive the product she paid for.

 » Buying from sellers, especially sellers without a strong brand presence, is risky because one 
is unsure if the seller is trustworthy. Further, some sellers share “fake reviews”, leading to 
confusion among buyers as to the authenticity of such reviews. Some sellers may even ship 
unoriginal products or empty boxes to buyers.

 » Buyers do not have an efficient method for using cryptocurrencies to purchase physical goods. 
Existing solutions rely on interfacing with costly credit-card networks resulting in a circuitous 
and inefficient method for processing payments that provides clunky consumer protection.

Challenges facing sellers

 » Low payments volume via cryptocurrencies means sellers have to rely on traditional financial in-
struments like credit card payments, resulting in higher transaction fees paid out by suppliers to 
these providers. The low cryptocurrency volume can be attributed to several factors, the primary 
factor being low buyer-seller trust (a particularly acute problem for newer sellers) [8, 9, 10]. If a buyer 
pays with a credit card and does not receive their purchase, they can file a dispute with their bank 
and receive their funds through a chargeback. No such recourse exists for cryptocurrency buyers. 
Additionally, friction in the checkout experience, exacerbated by the proliferation of coins like BTC, 
ETH, and many other altcoins further reduces the conversion rate for cryptocurrency payments.

 » Volatility: handling payments in cryptocurrency exposes the sellers to volatility risk on their 
cryptocurrency holdings relative to fiat. Today, the majority of suppliers do not accept crypto-
currency payments, meaning that sellers necessarily require built-in conversion to fiat in order 
to meet their business payables. While converting the coin balances to fiat through a tradition-
al exchange on a set schedule (e.g. daily) is possible, the high volatility could still expose the 
seller to significant losses.

The examples used throughout this paper will focus on “transactions” in the context of commerce 
(with an item, a buyer and a seller). This definition is evident, and the use of reputation in this con-
text will be explored in detail. However, transactions possess a broader definition that spans any 
value-based exchange between two or more parties. Examples include:

 » Retail transactions conducted in person (e.g. checking out at the supermarket)

 » Transactions involving digital goods and services where no shipping is required (e.g. SaaS 
products, eBooks, online ads)



verify.as 9

2. Vision
Verify is composed of two connected, but distinct layers:

 » Verify Reputation Protocol

 » Verify Payments

2.1 VERIFY REPUTATION PROTOCOL

Transactions cannot be conducted without some level of trust [11], and the Verify Protocol is the 
underlying reputation protocol that manages trust between the different participants in the network 
(i.e. buyers and sellers).

What is Reputation?

Reputation is, in its essence, a value that sums up the “rating history” of all previous transactions 
undertaken on the Verify protocol (as rated by the counterparty) and a confidence level in that value 
[10]. An example of an entity’s reputation may be: [, 11] where  represents the 
rating history and 11 represents the total number of transactions conducted (the higher the number 
of transactions behind a rating, the more confidence we have in that rating). Note that this example 
is simply an illustration of the concept and does not represent the reputation data types or scales 
that are actually used in Verify.



verify.as 10

Consider the broad definition of a “transaction” that we used earlier: a transaction is any financial 
agreement between two or more parties. The transaction has both an expected output (based on 
the agreement) and an “actual output” based on how the parties acted throughout the transaction. 
Reputation is a measure of the differences between the expected, agreed actions and the actual 
actions taken by each party, over the entire history of the buyer or seller.

The Reputation Protocol

The Verify reputation protocol is comprised of three key components:

 » Participants on the network (i.e. buyers, sellers)

 » Transactions

 » CRED tokens

Every new participant on the network starts without any reputation, but this changes the moment 
they start engaging in transactions with other network participants. Transactions over the Verify 
protocol can only be processed if they have an associated “insurance policy”, which is funded using 
CRED tokens. These insurance policies are conceptually similar to transaction fees on traditional 
credit card networks and are also evaluated as a percentage of the original transaction amount. 
However, their primary purpose is to ensure that both buyers and sellers are protected, and that 
buyers can be reimbursed if they are unsatisfied with the transaction.

It bears reiterating that transactions on the Verify protocol do not necessarily refer to just eCom-
merce transactions; any value-based exchange between two or more parties is considered a trans-

Expectation #1
(e.g. Quality)

Expectation #2
(e.g. Delivery)

Expectation #3
(e.g. Quality)

below expectation

meets expectation

exceeds expectation

actual

actual

actual

Agreed expectation



verify.as 11

action. The Verify protocol provides the underlying infrastructure that enables trust-based transac-
tions.

We initially considered “importing” reputation data from various sources (e.g. Amazon, eBay, etc.) in 
order to provide value to users of the Verify reputation protocol from day one. However, we decid-
ed against retrieving data from third parties for several reasons:

 » The logistical challenge of tying identities between the source and target platform (e.g. linking 
an Amazon review to an Ethereum address on Verify)

 » Different platforms rate the parties on different criteria [12]; how does one map reputation in a 
consistent and fair manner?

 » There is no incentive for merchants with large reputation data stores to share the data with 
3rd parties (in fact, the incentive is just the opposite: to protect and safeguard the data).

 » Importing data from central repositories exposes Verify to various reputation attack vectors 
(described in detail in Section 4.3 Abuse Prevention)

Choosing not to use an existing reputation repository means Verify has no reputation data present 
in the network’s genesis state, without which the network cannot provide any value. We address 
this challenge directly through the introduction of Verify Payments.

2.2 VERIFY PAYMENTS

“lots of startups pitch these sorts of reputation systems 

to me, but they lack distribution or data to solve the 

coldstart problem” -- Hunter Walk, Homebrew Capital

The primary challenge facing any protocol, particularly reputation protocols, is one of adoption. 
This challenge is similar to one that many marketplaces face early on: a marketplace is said to have 
“network effects” if it grows in value over time, but there remains the question of how the early us-
ers of the network will be enlisted, i.e. the “coldstart problem” [9, 13, 14]. Our solution is to introduce 
a “killer app”, one that provides an inherent utility to users of the platform, even in the absence of 
the strong network effects early in the life of the platform. This killer app is Verify Payments.

Verify Payments provides a compelling, unique value proposition to buyers and sellers alike, while 
also growing the underlying Verify protocol and seeding it with the reputation data -- that will allow 



verify.as 12

even more applications to be built on top of it in the future. This self-reinforcing cycle will continually 
improve Verify Payments and the Verify protocol.

Verify Payments solves two issues previously considered irreconcilable on both sides of any com-
mercial transaction:

 » It allows buyers to receive 100% purchase protection on any and all orders they place

 » Reputed sellers to get paid almost instantly on the majority of their orders

This is achieved at a low fee for sellers, comprising only a per-transaction “insurance fee”. These 
features are incredibly important and must be resolved in order for cryptocurrencies to be used 
safely online. In fact, US CFPB announced on 18 October 2017 that any payment solution must 
provide users with a mechanism for disputing transactions that are processed on their platform. [15]

The mechanism behind this groundbreaking solution is described in detail in Section 4. Before dis-
cussing the Verify Payments solution, it is important first to understand the reputation protocol it is 
built on: the Verify Reputation Protocol.



verify.as 13

3.  Verify Reputation Protocol
So far, we have discussed the core components of a reputation protocol, namely: the participants, 
transactions and reputation. Before we proceed to discuss how the reputation system is designed, 
it is important to clarify a crucial point around transactions: trust.

Trust-based transactions form a central part of a reputation protocol, and a distinction must be 
drawn between transactions that do not rely on trust and those that do. “Automated” transactions, 
which are deterministic and have a guaranteed outcome, are transactions that do not require trust. 
An example is a distributed exchange with cryptographically enforced smart-contracts that atomi-
cally swap one token for another (e.g. 0x, Airswap). The outcome of such transactions is guaran-
teed, regardless of the reputation of any of the parties involved.

However, most “normal” transactions we encounter in our day to day lives are not of this form. The 
action is carried out by the parties directly determine the outcome of the transaction, an outcome 
that is not guaranteed. This applies to the vast majority of commercial transactions, whether they 
are carried out online (e.g. a purchase from a seller’s website, where the item is later delivered) 
or in person (e.g. buying an item from a store). In the case of eCommerce transactions, the seller 
commits to shipping the item that the buyer has purchased, but there is no guarantee that this will 
take place. The buyer must trust the seller to deliver the item. It is these transactions, which carry 
reputation, that a reputation protocol is designed to facilitate.

3.1 REPUTATION: HOW IT WORKS

Reputation is essentially an entity’s history of all previous transactions conducted over the Verify 
protocol, and the resulting feedback (positive or negative) imparted by the counterparty. While 
reputation primarily refers to the seller’s score (as rated by the buyer), it is maintained for all par-
ticipants in the network including buyers. Buyer’s reputation is important to track, especially in the 
context of fraud-prevention, which will be discussed in detail in Section 4.3.

Reputation is similar to one’s CGPA at university: 

cumulative and permanent.

A key feature of reputation is that it can only be influenced by verified transactions, transactions 
that have taken place over the Verify protocol. This property is important to protect against multiple 
reputation attack vectors (addressed in Section 4.3).



verify.as 14

The mechanism governing reputation calculation in the general case is described as follows (see 
Section 5.1 for implementation in Verify Payments):

1. Establish clear expectations from the parties engaging in the transaction. These expectations 
vary depending on the transaction, but an example may be:

a. Buyer to pay a certain amount (in stablecoin)

b. Seller to provide item by date in condition. The item should be described in as much detail 
as possible.

2. Buyer initiates the transaction by fulfilling their obligation and transferring the mutually agreed 
amount to the Verify escrow account.

3. A portion of the transaction amount is set aside as an “insurance fee” on the transaction and 
retained by Verify as company revenue. This amount must be settled in CRED tokens.

4. The remaining funds are stored in escrow until the transaction is completed (either through a 
confirmation from the seller or once the deadline has passed). When the transaction is closed, 
there are two possible outcomes:

a. Buyer is satisfied: funds are immediately released to the seller in full.

b. Buyer is unsatisfied: funds remain on hold, and the dispute resolution process is initiated 
(the exact process is discussed in Section 4.1.3).

5. Reputation is updated for both parties simultaneously (to prevent retaliatory attacks [16, 17]). 
The impact that a transaction has on each party’s reputation is defined by application but con-
sistently applied across all users of the application.

Applications built on the Verify protocol extend the core process established here with applica-
tion-specific implementations.

3.2 CRED TOKENS

Retaining a dual meaning for both credibility and credit, CRED tokens are core to the Verify protocol 
and have the following properties:



verify.as 15

 » Just as no transaction can take place in the absence of trust, the same stands true for CRED 
tokens and the Verify protocol. In essence, the CRED represents the “trust” in a transaction, 
and no transaction can take place on the platform without an “insurance policy” in the form of 
CRED tokens.

 » Using the vending machine analogy, when you insert CRED tokens into a (protocol) vending 
machine, you receive an “insurance policy” that can be used to cover a commercial trans-
action (e.g. when buying an item, you are insured against seller fraud. Your purchase of the 
CRED token funds this protection policy)

Traditional payment instruments levy transaction fees on all transactions, a relic of the traditional 
financial infrastructure where each party adds a layer of fees atop the layer below. It comes as no 
surprise that credit card processors have instituted multiples forms of hidden fees including trans-
action, interchange, card processing, setup, currency conversion and chargeback fees. It is not 
fitting to retain this same fee structure on the blockchain, where many of these fees are baseless, 
and even the mining fee used to process a transaction is exceedingly low compared to the median 
transaction value.

For this reason, Verify foregoes the transaction fee altogether and only levies an insurance fee of 
1% of the transaction value from the sellers. This fee may be reduced as the provider (seller) gains 
reputation to reflect the reduced insurance risk that they represent. Applications built on the Verify 
protocol (like Verify Payments) may choose to levy their own fees to better reflect their cost struc-
ture, but this represents the cost structure for these applications (the insurance fee is retained by 
Verify and recognized as company revenue).



verify.as 16

4. Verify Payments
Verify Payments is the first application built on the Verify protocol. In this section, we describe the 
core features that make Verify Payments superior to any payment solution in existence, for both 
buyers and sellers. Further, the Verify Payments solution will bootstrap reputation data on the Verify 
protocol, enabling it to grow at a much faster rate, incentivizing other providers to build applications 
on the Verify protocol further fueling this growth cycle.

4.1 BUYER PROTECTION

The cryptocommerce economy is in dire need of a consumer protection facility [18]. An eCommerce 
transaction simply cannot be safely conducted online without some form of consumer protection. 
With the ongoing proliferation of websites, there are billions of potential outlets for online sales and 
every transaction is a risk. Conversely, many buyers have chosen to limit their shopping to specific 
outlets (e.g. Amazon, Walmart) resulting in ever higher centralization on the Internet.

Verify Payments offers 100% buyer protection against all forms of seller fraud, including:

 » Non-delivery

 » Delivery to an incorrect address

 » Lost shipments

 » Delivery of the incorrect item

 » Delivery of an item that does not meet the description provided by the seller

It is important to note that every single transaction conducted on the Verify Payments network will 
receive this level of protection.

Further, sellers have the option to offer “no questions asked” refunds for a set duration of time after 
delivery, and this guarantee is cryptographically enforced by a smart contract. Sellers that offer this 
option send a strong signal to their buyers that they care deeply about their customers, and are will-
ing to stand by their word. Verify Payments employs several mechanisms to protect sellers against 
buyer abuse of this feature; these techniques are discussed in Section 4.3.1.

Buyer Protection is also supported by several key mechanisms described below.



verify.as 17

4.1.1 Improved Checkout

This may seem unintuitive at first glance but buyer protection actually begins before the transaction 
takes place. It is essential that both parties to a transaction establish clear expectations; taking the 
time to do this prior to a transaction is often all that is required to avert numerous disputes down 
the road.

The seller’s expectation of the buyer is straightforward; the buyer should pay the seller the transac-
tion amount. The buyer’s expectation, however, is more nuanced, and depending on the product or 
service being provided could include:

 » What is the item being sold?

 » What condition is the item being sold in?

 » When will the item be delivered?

 » Who pays the return shipping cost if the buyer is unsatisfied with the item?

Verify Payments provides an intuitive way for sellers to share this information with their buyers prior 
to the transaction settlement, and record it alongside each transaction that is completed. All of this 
information is automatically retrieved from the website’s shopping cart system.



verify.as 18

The buyer is also able to see the seller’s reputation, as rated by previous buyers.

Additional features include:

 » Buyers are able to pay in any cryptocurrency they like.

 » The checkout page is continually improved, based on conversion data leveraged from the 
entire Verify Payments ecosystem.

 » One-click integration with all major shopping cart providers (Shopify, WooCommerce, Magen-
to, etc.)

 » Buyers receive an email confirmation once the transaction is completed, with all of the details 
related to the purchase. Further, this email contains a link for filing a dispute directly through 
Verify Payments.

4.1.2 Built-in Escrow for Atomic Transactions

Verify Payments lies between the buyer and the 
seller, and all buyer payments are made direct-
ly to the Verify Payments smart contract. In this 
manner, Verify Payments is able to solve the trust 
disparity between the two parties and provide 
buyer protection across the entire transaction 
lifecycle. Furthermore, this trust layer allows buy-
ers to transact in confidence with unfamiliar sell-
ers, a feature that is particularly important to new 
sellers and those that sell expensive items.

A key point to note is that the entire transac-
tion is treated as a single atomic unit; either the 
whole transaction is successfully executed (and 
the funds are released from buyer to seller), or 
the entire transaction is rolled back (with the buy-
er receiving their funds, and the seller receiving 
their item):



verify.as 19

This seamless solution offers buyers peace-of-mind. In addition, the advance payment feature pro-
vides the seller with a powerful incentive for using Verify Payments, a topic we cover in detail in 
Section 4.2.

4.1.3 Decentralized Dispute Resolution

In the case of a dispute, buyers and sellers are given the opportunity to resolve the dispute mutually 
by direct chat over the Verify Payments platform. If a resolution is not reached, the Verify Payments 
team will step in to arbitrate the dispute.

The dispute resolution process is described below:

 » The buyer initiates the dispute by clicking on the “File a Dispute” link in the confirmation email 
they received from Verify Payments when they completed the payment. Alternatively, the buy-
er is able to search for their purchase through the Verify Dashboard using the email address 
used during the purchase. Once the email address is provided, a confirmation code is sent to 
the address to confirm the user’s identity before any details are displayed.

 » The buyer provides details about the reason for the dispute. Since Verify Payments is aware 
of the items ordered and the shipment status (due to our integration with 3rd party shipping 
APIs), the buyer selects from a predefined list of the most common dispute reasons based on 
the shipping stage.

 » The buyer is connected directly with the seller, and they are given 3 days to reach a mutual 
agreement.



verify.as 20

 » If the buyer and seller are unable to resolve the dispute amicably within the defined period, a 
member of the Verify team will step in to review the evidence and arbitrate the dispute. With 
visibility to the evidence submitted by both parties, the reputation of both parties, the chat log 
from the buyer/seller discussion and up-to-date product and shipping information, a decision 
is then reached and shared with both parties. The decision could either be (a) no refund to the 
buyer (if the claim was found to be fraudulent or without basis), (b) a partial refund or (c) a full 
refund of the entire transaction amount. If a refund is approved, the buyer returns the item to 
the seller and shares the shipping tracking number before the refund is disbursed. The seller’s 
predefined policy regarding shipping fees takes effect (the seller can either choose to cover 
the cost of return shipping, or request that buyers pay the shipping fees). This policy is high-
lighted on the checkout page before the buyer makes the payment.

Common issues will be reviewed and codified into smart contracts, automatically resolving future 
occurrences of identical issues and decentralizing the dispute resolution process. The role of hu-
man resolution operators, when required, will ultimately be reduced to that of human oracles with 
the limited responsibility of reviewing evidence and classifying the dispute into one of several cat-
egories (with the effects of this classification automatically executing the desired end result, via a 
smart contract). This reduces the opportunity for human error, while also ensuring fair, consistent 
treatment to all buyers and sellers across the platform.

A key component of the dispute resolution process is establishing clear expectations from both par-
ties before the transaction has taken place. By creating a custom checkout experience for buyers, 
we are able to incorporate this crucial information directly on the checkout page - thereby reducing 
the occurrence of disputes stemming from mismanagement of expectations. This approach was 
described in detail in Section 4.1.1.

It should be clear from the above description that this process is very different from a traditional 
escrow or multi-sig wallet:

 » Verify Payments integrates directly into the checkout process. This ensures minimal friction 
to buyers, who would otherwise resort to a manual, off-chain escrow service facilitated by a 
trusted 3rd party. Further, Verify Payments is able to register seller-specific details (IP address, 
browser fingerprint, etc.) later utilized in fraud-detection, a process described in detail in Sec-
tion 4.3.1.

 » Verify Payments is designed for the explicit purpose of facilitating commerce transactions, un-
like generic escrow services. By integrating with providers both on and off-chain, Verify Pay-
ments is able to reduce the opportunity for human error, resulting in more fair and consistent 
treatment to buyers and sellers alike.

 » As sellers develop a reputation on the platform, they are able to leverage their reputation in 
increasing their credit ceiling, resulting in improved cash flow over time (especially valuable 
to seller’s as order volume increases). This mechanism is described in detail in the following 
section.



verify.as 21

4.2 ADVANCE PAYMENT TO SELLERS

4.2.1 Credit Ceilings

It has already been established that most transactions of the type we encounter in our daily lives re-
quire trust in order to take place. The insurance fee levied in CRED tokens helps facilitate this trust 
on the Verify protocol. This arrangement is sufficient to provide buyer protection, since the entire 
transaction value is retained in escrow until the buyer receives their item and indicates their satis-
faction. However, this comes at the expense of sellers -- who, in traditional escrows, are left waiting 
for transactions until delivery (in addition to a buffer period to allow the buyer time to respond). De-
pending on the shipping option used, this could take well over a month and cause sellers dramatic 
cash flow challenges. If left unaddressed, this could represent a severe hindrance to the market 
adoption of the Verify Payments platform.

To address this issue directly, the Verify Payments platform has established a credit facility built di-
rectly on the underlying Verify reputation protocol. A Credit Ceiling is defined as the maximum fiat 
amount that a seller is currently allowed to obtain in credit as advance payment for transactions 
already shipped.

There are several key features in the previous statement worth dwelling on:

 » Limit in fiat: The credit ceiling is allocated to individual sellers, in fiat currency. All sellers start 
with a credit ceiling of $0, and the ceiling increases with reputation. The goal is to eventually 
allow most reputed sellers to receive immediate payment for the majority of their orders.

 » The ceiling can increase or decrease over time, depending on several factors including the 
reputation distribution over the Verify protocol. Reputed merchants will always be offered 
higher credit ceilings than non-reputed ones.

 » Advance payment: The credit ceiling is applied exclusively to advance payments on fulfilled 
transactions. It cannot be used for any other purpose and is not a business loan.

 » Shipped: Only transactions where the order has already been shipped are eligible for ad-
vance payment. This incentivizes the seller to ship products as soon as possible, while also 
ensuring that they share the shipping details on the Verify Payments network. The shipping 
details are cross-verified with the integrated shipping APIs to ensure validity.

Every seller on the platform starts off with no reputation and therefore, a $0 credit ceiling. As this 
seller transacts on the network and gains reputation, their credit ceiling is raised -- enabling the 
seller to receive advance payments on transactions up to their credit ceiling. As the seller continues 
to use the platform, this ceiling is further raised until the seller is able to receive virtually immediate 
settlement for all transactions made on Verify Payments.



verify.as 22

Consider the example below, where Alice wishes to purchase a pair of $200 sneakers from Bob’s 
store. Bob has just started using Verify Payments, and has no reputation on the platform:

Scenario 1: New seller, credit ceiling is $0 (No advance payment)



verify.as 23

Scenario 2: Established seller, credit ceiling for seller is $250



verify.as 24

In this scenario, Bob must wait until Alice indicates her satisfaction with the product before the 
funds are settled to his account. However, as Bob transacts on Verify Payments, his credit ceiling is 
raised to reflect the increase in his reputation. Consider the transaction flow below at a point where 
he has already earned a $250 credit ceiling:

Take a moment to consider the implications here. Alice receives 100% buyer protection, and Bob 
receives immediate settlement on the same transaction. This is unheard of and differentiates Ver-
ify Payments from every escrow solution on the market. Without a reliable underlying reputation 
platform, it would be impossible to extend credit (which is essentially what an advance payment is) 
to sellers without some guarantee of return. By utilizing the Verify reputation protocol, Verify Pay-
ments effectively holds the seller’s reputation as collateral for a transaction. Once the transaction 
is successfully completed, the credit ceiling for the seller is restored (using the transaction amount 
released from escrow) and the seller’s credit ceiling is increased (to reflect the seller’s increased 
reputation).

The credit ceiling is facilitated through the use of the Verify Fund, described in the following section. 
The rules governing the issuance of credit ceilings to prevent abuse can be found in Section 4.3.2.

4.2.2 The Verify Fund

In order to fund the credit ceiling extended to sellers, we will set aside a portion of the total avail-
able CRED tokens for funding the Verify Fund. The Verify Fund is the source of the credit ceiling 
allotted to reputed sellers on the network. While the Verify Fund is funded entirely in CRED tokens, 
the credit ceiling is allocated in fiat based on the current exchange rate the moment the credit is 
utilized.

The goal of the Verify Fund is to incentivize adoption of the Verify Payments platform; addressing 
the key objection standing in the way of sellers using the platform in the first place is the most ef-
fective method for doing so. The platform has visibility to the reputation of all the participants on 
the network and can efficiently allocate capital to the most promising sellers (those with the lowest 
fraud/default risk).

4.3 ABUSE PREVENTION

Verify Payments introduces several innovative features that facilitate crypto-commerce and enable 
buyers and sellers to safely and securely transact over the blockchain. However, it is crucial to en-
sure that these features are properly used, and limits are put in place to prevent abuse by malicious 
parties.

This section describes various attack vectors and the mechanisms used to mitigate the risks posed 
by these threats.



verify.as 25

4.3.1 Buyer Protection

The goal of buyer protection is to protect buyers on Verify Payments from seller fraud and non-de-
livery due to various other non-malicious reasons. However, it is also important to protect sellers 
against buyers that consistently and repeatedly abuse this feature. This is especially important to 
sellers that offer generous return policies like the “no questions asked” policy described in Section 
4.3.1.

Verify Payments will employ several mechanisms to protect sellers against buyer abuse. The atomic 
transaction mechanism described in Section 4.1.2 applies both ways. At the end of a transaction, if 
the buyer is unhappy then they would receive a full refund for the transaction only after the item is 
returned to the seller and the seller confirms that they have received and are satisfied with the re-
turned item. It is crucial that the refund only be processed after the item is returned, thereby rolling 
back the entire transaction and achieving the desired atomicity. Knowing that they would need to 
return an item before their refund is processed will discourage many potential abusers.

Further, the Verify protocol is used to track reputation of both sellers and buyers. By asking sellers 
to rate their experience with buyers, the Verify Payments system is able to track abusive buyer pat-
terns and take appropriate action against these parties. A question remains around how to uniquely 
identify an abusive user when it is cheap to generate a new cryptocurrency address. This is referred 
to as a whitewashing attack, where an attacker with a bad reputation attempts to “reset” that rep-
utation by registering a new account or ID and starting afresh [19, 20]. There are various patterns 
employed in existing eCommerce fraud detection systems that can be used to identify abusive 
buyers. The technique involves combining various properties to generate a persistent profile of a 
buyer that transcends the individual cryptocurrency address they used to pay for the transaction. 
This buyer profile may include the following fields:

 » Order Delivery Address

 » Email address used for the transaction

 » Cryptocurrency address used to pay for the transaction

 » Blockchain analysis tying this address with other addresses that have a high likelihood of be-
longing to the same account

 » Client-side device fingerprinting (which involves using a combination of various properties of 
the device used to pay for an order to “link” different accounts)

 » Other miscellaneous signals like IP address, supercookies, etc.

These mechanisms, in aggregate, can be reasonably expected to mitigate the risk presented by 
buyers looking to exploit the buyer protection facility.



verify.as 26

4.3.2 Advance Payment

A key feature of the Verify Payments platform is that it addresses the biggest objection existing 
sellers have to using escrow platforms: advance payments. By relying on reputation (as opposed to 
any other tangential signal), Verify Payments is able to effectively allocate a credit ceiling to sellers 
based on their performance on previous transactions, i.e. the best possible indicator of their perfor-
mance on current transactions.

Despite this reliance on reputation, there exists a potential for abuse by sellers given the relatively 
high reward. In this section, we discuss various threat vectors and the corresponding solutions that 
will be employed by Verify Payments to curtail these risks.

An obvious risk against reputation systems is that of a Sybil attack; this is an attack that relies on 
forging identities in peer-to-peer networks and using them to gain a disproportionately large influ-
ence [17, 21, 22]. In the context of the Verify reputation protocol, this would entail a seller registering 
multiple accounts, performing many “fake transactions” in order to artificially boost his reputation 
and then, having accumulated a high-enough credit ceiling to make his pursuits worthwhile, with-
draw this credit and depart from the platform. At this point, the entire process can be repeated, 
resulting in further credit theft, and so on.

A critical component of this attack is based on the attacker’s ability to create multiple accounts. An 
effective way to limit their ability to do so is to require Know Your Customer (or KYC) requirements 
from sellers -- collecting things like passport information of the principal, business registration and 
proof of address. Not only is it best-practice to request this information from sellers, but, in many 
jurisdictions, it is actually required by law to limit certain forms of financial crime like money laun-
dering.

Another dimension to this solution is to make it difficult for an account to accumulate a large cred-
it limit within a short period of time. A treatment of this solution is subtle; it is important to allow 
legitimate sellers access to credit, in some ways proportional to the transaction volume that they 
process, while also ensuring that the transactions themselves are legitimate business transactions. 
Our solution considers both of these aspects. The first facet of this solution is to prevent sellers from 
accumulating a high reputation in a short period of time through “fake” transactions. Here, we note 
various signature traits of a transaction (device fingerprint, IP address, source of funds and other 
patterns) to detect and reject repeated fraudulent transactions originating from a single buyer (or a 
network of illegitimate buyers). The mechanism used here is similar to the one described in the prior 
section on Buyer Protection abuse prevention. Further, the reputation calculation mechanism limits 
what proportion of one’s reputation can originate from a single party. The second facet includes 
management of the credit ceiling for sellers. Sellers are assigned low credit ceilings, and these are 
increased only once the seller has resolved any negative balance outstanding from previous credit 
issuances. This would mean that a seller will not be issued $20 credit if he has not successfully 
accepted and repaid a $10 credit.



verify.as 27

We take things even further by requiring that sellers that have a negative account balance (i.e. 
that have received credit but not repaid it) settle this balance before they are paid out for any new 
transactions. This settlement is done automatically, and ensures that any credit extended to sellers 
is recouped in the shortest possible timeframe:

Alice unsatis�ed with product

Ceiling reduced:
$260 credit ceiling

+$200 balance

Balance settled
$230 credit ceiling

$0 balance



verify.as 28

Another class of attacks include targeting attacks that happen when an attacker tries to downgrade 
(also called Slandering attack [23]) or upgrade another user’s reputation or even their own account 
(i.e. self-promoting). This type of attack occurs by submitting a false review or even purposely rating 
another user once or even more than once (also called Ballot-Stuffing [17]) without truly interacting 
with the other party. In some cases, it can occur by hiring external entities to execute the attack 
(similar to a Sybil attack).

This solution to this kind of attack is as follows:

 » Only users who have completed a transaction can rate each other.

 » Only allow a single rating per user per transaction.

 » Throttle the reputation contribution by counter-party (i.e. track repeated transactions made by 
the same counterparties and limit the contribution that any single counterparty can have on 
the overall reputation of a seller).

 » The method used to calculate reputation should not rely on just the number of transactions 
but include other factors like transaction value, the reputation of the parties involved and 
transaction recency to name a few.

These solutions combined can be feasibly expected to provide protection against these attacks.



verify.as 29

5. Proof of Concept
5.1 DETAILED EXAMPLE OF A TRANSACTION

The Verify Payments platform revolves around two primary participants: the seller and the buyer.

1. After browsing the seller’s website and adding the items that he wishes to purchase into his 
shopping cart, the buyer proceeds to the checkout page. Here, the option to pay using Verify 
Payments is displayed prominently, and he selects it.

2. The buyer reviews the transaction details; these include the item(s) description, delivery date, 
and any guarantees provided by the seller (e.g. “no questions asked”). He can also read reviews 
left by other buyers on this seller.

3. The buyer completes the payment using any cryptocurrency they like, directly from their wallet.

a. A portion of the total transaction amount (i.e. 1%) is used as an “insurance fee”; this pay-
ment is only accepted in CRED tokens. A small portion of the cryptocurrency that the 
buyer pays with is transparently converted into CRED through any of the available open 
exchanges. The CRED token is analogous to an “insurance policy” that provides protec-
tion for this specific transaction. This payment is kept in an escrow, held by Verify, until the 
consumer confirms receipt of the item and indicates their satisfaction with the purchase. At 
that point, the CRED payment is released to the Verify company as revenue.

b. The transaction amount (excluding the insurance fee levied in CRED) will be converted into 
a stable cryptocurrency in order to mitigate cryptocurrency volatility risks. Various stable-
coins will be considered for this purpose (USDTether, Sai Stablecoin, JibrelToken) but a 
decision as to which stablecoin to use will be made at a later date.

4. A transaction is considered successful once the buyer has indicated their satisfaction with the 
product that was purchased, or after a set deadline following the delivery date has passed. This 
is tentatively set at 3 days, but liable to change.

5. Upon successful completion of the transaction, the seller’s account is credited with the sta-
blecoin (assuming he does not have a negative balance on his account). Since the majority of 
sellers will opt to retain their payouts in a stable cryptocurrency (their costs to suppliers and 
other vendors are in fiat as well), they forego the conversion fee levied by most exchanges. 
Alternatively, this balance can be automatically converted to any cryptocurrency of their choice.

6. The reputations of both the buyer and seller are updated simultaneously at the end of a trans-
action, based on the rating each party left for the other.

To make this more concrete, consider the example below, where:



verify.as 30

 » Alice: Buyer, purchasing a pair of sneakers

 » Bob: Seller, who owns a store that sells sneakers

New seller (without credit ceiling)

When Bob first starts with Verify Payments, he has no reputation. The transaction flow would look like so:



verify.as 31

The table below shows the change in balances:

EVENT
ALICE’S 

BALANCE
BOB’S 

BALANCE
BOB’S CREDIT 

CEILING

 VERIFY

ESCROW CRED

Alice pays for the sneakers in ETH -1 ETH 0 $0 $0 0 CRED

Converted to stablecoin*; in escrow -1 ETH 0 $0 $198 2 CRED

Bob ships the product to Alice -1 ETH 0 $0 $198 2 CRED

Alice receives the product; satisfied -1 ETH $198 $5** $0 2 CRED

* Assuming following exchange rates: $200/ETH; $1/

CRED

** Depends on reputation (which is in turn influenced by 

factors including transaction amount, rating, shipping op-

tion, etc.)

Established seller (with credit ceiling)

As Bob’s store continues to process trans-
actions on Verify Payments, his credit ceiling 
grows until it eventually hits $250. At this point, 
Alice decides to re-order a pair of her favorite 
shoes.

Here is what the process looks like now:

Scenario 2: Established seller, credit ceiling for seller is $250



verify.as 32

The table below shows the change in balances:

EVENT
ALICE’S 

BALANCE
BOB’S 

BALANCE
BOB’S CREDIT 

CEILING

 VERIFY

ESCROW CRED

Alice pays for the sneakers in ETH -1 ETH 0 $250 $0 0 CRED

Converted to stablecoin*; in escrow -1 ETH 0 $250 $198 2 CRED

Bob ships the product to Alice -1 ETH 0 $250 $198 2 CRED

Bob receives advance payment -1 ETH $198** $52 $198 2 CRED

Alice receives the product; satisfied -1 ETH $198 $256*** $0 2 CRED

* Assuming same exchange rates as before: $200/ETH; $1/CRED

** This amount is withdrawn from the Verify Fund, and eventually returned to the same fund

*** The increase in credit ceiling depends on reputation (which is in turn influenced by factors in-
cluding transaction amount, rating, shipping option, etc.)

5.2 MINIMUM VIABLE PRODUCT (MVP)

A key factor in assessing the strength of a product offering is determining if a team is able to exe-
cute on the project under consideration. No matter how well thought-out an idea may be, without 
the operational ability to execute on the plan the project stands little chance of success.

A core facet of the Verify Payments solution is the checkout page. Until we provide sellers with 
a Checkout page that they can integrate, no buyer will be able to complete a single transaction. 
Therefore, the focus at the early MVP development phase was to create this checkout page to 
demonstrate the Improved Checkout experience described in Section 4.1.1.

By the time of this writing, we developed and deployed an early version of this demo checkout 
experience at https://verify.as/demo. We encourage readers to browse through to the demo site 
and try out the checkout experience for themselves!

A screenshot of the checkout page is included below for reference:



verify.as 33

The decision to use a hosted checkout page (which overlays a modal dialog over the seller’s web-
site) enables us to make continuous updates to the embedded script to optimize the checkout flow, 
or improve conversion without the need for sellers to make any changes on their websites. This 
means we can deploy changes to Verify Payments instantly to all our sellers, anywhere in the world.

Single integration, continuous improvement.



verify.as 34

6. Launch and Roadmap
6.1 PRODUCT ROADMAP

A product roadmap should not be designed as a to-do list. We need to keep in mind that we are 
developing a business, and business risks change over time. It would be irresponsible to continue 
to develop a product that is unlikely to succeed, and that is especially true when the business has 
amassed significant funds in order to do so. If a business strategy is unsuccessful, then there is an 
opportunity for a pivot to something adjacent that may work. The best way to increase the likeli-
hood of a business succeeding is to start with the riskiest assumptions, and gradually work your 
way down.

Ask yourself, what is the part of the business that has the highest amount of uncertainty and is most 
likely to fail? What assumptions have we made about the business are critical to the success of the 
business; what assumptions can we not afford to get wrong? These questions are extracted directly 
from the Lean Startup manual [24], the bible for starting a company.

In keeping with this approach, we have set the below product development roadmap -- and each 
milestone tackles a critical aspect of the business strategy that we would like to validate and de-risk.

MILESTONE #1: SECURE SELLERS ON VERIFY 
Target de-risk date: Apr - Jun 2018

Focus would be on the basic infrastructure tasks and items on the critical path to allowing sellers to 
integrate and use Verify Payments in their stores. Without sellers offering Verify Payments, buyers 
will not be able to use it. This would include deploying v0.1 of the Verify Reputation protocol with 
the smart contract methods required to receive transactions and process reputation data at the 
protocol layer. For Verify Payments, implement and deploy the improved checkout experience and 
integrations with popular online store platforms to reduce entry barriers for sellers. It would also 
include design and implementation of the sellers’ credit ceiling algorithm.



verify.as 35

Expense Category Min Max

Operational Expenses (3 - 5 months)

- Software Developers x 2 $45K $75k

- Business Development x 1 $25k $35k

- Professional services (Designers, Security, Audits, etc.) $20k $35k

- Fixed costs $6k $10K

Marketing $10k $15k

Legal (primarily driven by post-tokensale legal fees) $100k $200k

One-time costs (tokensale expenses, legal setup, etc.) $300k $400k

Total for Milestone 1 $506k $770k

MILESTONE #2: BECOME THE PREFERRED PAYMENT METHOD FOR CRYPTOCURRENCY 
USERS (OVER CREDIT CARDS, PAYPAL, ETC.) 

Target de-risk date: Dec 2018

Having validated the seller-side of the business, focus now shifts from sellers to buyers. The goal is 
to improve the checkout experience with a focus on establishing expectations, highlighting buyer 
protection features and usability. Dispute resolution features are also built out, including a dash-
board to facilitate interaction between buyers, sellers and the dispute resolution team. Verify Pay-



verify.as 36

ments should become the default payment method for all cryptocurrency users (those with an 
existing cryptocurrency wallet).

Expense Category Min Max

Operational Expenses (6 - 9 months)

- Software Developers x 2 $90k $135k

- Business Development x 1 $50k $75k

- Professional services (Designers, Security, Audits, etc.) $40k $60k

- Fixed costs #12k $18k

Marketing $50k $85k

Legal (ongoing  support) $20k $35K

Total for Milestone 2 $262k $408K

MILESTONE #3: BECOME THE PREFERRED PAYMENT METHOD FOR ALL USERS, 
INCLUDING NEW NON-CRYPTOCURRENCY USERS 

Target de-risk date: Late 2019

By this point, we have already captured a significant share of the cryptocurrency market in terms 
of both buyers and sellers. The goal becomes to convert users that have never used cryptocurren-
cies to Verify Payments users. We provide a strong value proposition to such users over existing 
payment methods, so focus shifts to integration with 3rd party providers like exchanges and wallets 
that simplify the process of purchasing cryptocurrencies using fiat (and then using them on Verify 
Payments). Our goal at this point is to grow the total addressable market by growing the cryptocur-
rency ecosystem.



verify.as 37

Expense Category Min Max

Operational Expenses (12- 15 months)

- Software Developers x 3 $270K $338k

- Business Development x 2 $216k $270k

- Professional services (Designers, Security, Audits, etc.) $75k $120k

- Fixed costs #48k $60k

Marketing $85k $135k

Legal (ongoing  support) $20k $35K

Total for Milestone 3 $714k $958K

MILESTONE #4: POWER OTHER APPLICATIONS ON THE VERIFY PROTOCOL 
Target de-risk date: Early 2020

With a battle-tested protocol and a healthy Verify Payments business, the Verify reputation plat-
form takes center-stage with the goal to enable 3rd party applications to directly integrate with the 
Verify reputation platform and support other novel use-cases (e.g. loans, micropayments, etc.). This 
requires the development of OAuth (or equivalent standard) interfaces and easy-to-use API docu-
mentation and developer tools for 3rd party application developers.

It is impractical to estimate milestone costs for several years out; funds will be raised as part of a 
second potential tokensale.



verify.as 38

MILESTONE #5: VERIFY BECOMES THE STANDARD REPUTATION INTERFACE 
FOR ALL DAPPS 

Target de-risk date: 2021 and beyond

Aggressive targets are set to ensure that Verify becomes a crucial part of the growing cryptocur-
rency ecosystem powering not just applications built on the Verify protocol but as a crucial build-
ing block of all user-facing applications on the blockchain. After all, any application that relies on 
user-information can benefit from the growing reservoirs of data Verify has amassed at this point.

It is important to note that these stages are not mutually exclusive and that there is likely going to be 
overlap between these stages. The goal is to lay a strategy detailing the most pressing foreseeable 
challenges for Verify and how we aim to address and overcome them to create a protocol that will 
not only grow itself but grow the entire ecosystem with it.

Below is a more granular, tactical list of tasks that would require development effort to complete as 
part of Verify.

TOTAL BUDGET

We estimate the total budget required for this project based on the minimum and maximum esti-
mates set for each individual milestone:

Milestone Min Max

Milestone 1 - Secure sellers $506k $770k

Milestone 2 - Become default crypto payment solution $262K $408k

Milestone 3 - Create fiat-based solution for all Internet users $714k $958k

Total funds required $1.48m $2.14m

GRANULAR TASKS



verify.as 39

Verify Reputation Protocol

 F Create smart contract to receive transac-
tions, CRED

 F Create interface to process reputation data

 F Create API / OAuth interface to allow 3rd par-
ties to develop apps on the Verify protocol 
for other features

Verify Payments

 F Buyer Protection

 F Improved Checkout

 F Web integration w/sellers

 F API

 F Shopping carts (Shopify, 
Woocommerce, Magento, 
Bigcommerce)

 F Mobile integration with sellers

 F Android SDK

 F iOS SDK

 F Other integrations (VR, hardware, etc.)

 F API wrappers

 F Fraud detection / prevention

 F Integration with 3rd parties 
(SiftScience, ClearSale, etc.) for 

fingerprinting, fraud detection, 
pattern recognition

 F Dashboard for dispute resolution

 F Built-in escrow for atomic transactions

 F Integration with shipping providers

 F Integrate with exchanges to convert 
incoming transactions to stablecoin

 F Interface to allow buyer/sellers to 
input shipping information on a 
return/order

 F Advance Payment to sellers

 F Develop algorithm to calculate credit ceil-
ing (considering mechanism design, game 
theory)

 F Reputation

 F Develop algorithm to calculate reputation 
based on relevant factors (considering 
mechanism design, game theory)



verify.as 40

6.2 TOKENSALE DETAILS

The tokensale and the distribution of CRED tokens is conducted by Verify Pte Ltd, a Singaporean 
limited liability company. Audited smart contracts deployed on the Ethereum blockchain govern the 
creation, processing and distribution of these tokens.

We have set a minimum tokensale raise of 1,094 ETH. If this minimum is not met, all funds received 
by the smart contract will be automatically refunded to the contributors through the smart contract. 
The soft cap is set at 3,282 ETH and once surpassed will result in the end of the sale within 96 
hours. If the hard cap of 5,471 ETH is reached, the sale will halt immediately, and no further contri-
butions will be accepted. Any tokens that are not sold will be burnt.

CREDs will be released for purchase in a single tranche at the rate of 2,033 CRED / ETH.

We will set limits on individual contribution amount, and that will be announced prior to the token-
sale.

CURRENCY ETH (Ether), BTC (Bitcoin)

MINIMUM $500,000 (1,094 ETH)

SOFT CAP $1,500,000 (3,282 ETH)

HARD CAP $2,503,125 (5,471 ETH)

DURATION 30 days or 96 hours after soft-cap is reached

TOKENSALE STARTS Dec 6th, 2017

TOKENSALE ENDS Jan 8th, 2017 (or until cap is reached)

UNSOLD TOKENS Burnt (automatically enforced by the smart contract)



verify.as 41

6.3 TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

A total of 50,000,000 (50 million) CRED tokens will be minted at genesis, and no further CRED 
tokens can exist beyond this number. The majority of the tokens will be distributed during our to-
ken-sale, following the distribution described below:

TOKENS % ALLOCATED PURPOSE

2,000,000 4% Early investors

11,125,000 22.25% Participants in Tokensale v1

10,000,000 20% Reserved for potential Tokensale v2 (locked for 12 months)

5,500,000 11% Distributed to advisors (vests over 2 years)

10,000,000 20% Distributed to Verify team (locked for 12 months; vests over 2 years)

10,500,000 21% Verify Fund (closed-ended fund to incentivize platform adoption)

875,000 1.75% Bounty

50,000,000 100%

Token Distribution

Contributors

46.25%

Bounty 1.75%

Team 20.0%

Advisors 11.0%

Verify Fund 21.0%



verify.as 42

6.3.1 Provision for Tokensale v2

We have reserved 10,000,000 CRED tokens for a potential second tokensale. They are locked, accord-
ing to the smart contract rules, for a minimum period of 12 months following the tokensale date. The 
second tokensale will only take place once specific business goals are met resulting in a significantly 
derisked business model.

These criteria are described below:

 » A Minimum Viable Product (MVP) of the Verify Payments platform and the Verify reputation 
platform is developed and deployed, allowing merchants to use the following features:

 » Complete payments using the top 3 cryptocurrencies by market capitalization (Bitcoin, 
Ethereum and Ripple at the time of this writing) with a plan in place to support remaining 
currencies based on consumer demand.

 » 100% buyer protection against all transactions made on the Verify Payments platform

 » Submit verified reviews of transactions made on the Verify protocol

 » Design, implement and deploy the algorithm that would govern how credit ceilings are 
allocated to sellers -- incentivizing them to use the Verify Payments platform

 » Product/market fit is achieved, with at least 1,000 sellers on the Verify Payments platform or 
at least 50,000 qualified transactions conducted on the Verify reputation platform in total

Only once these criteria are met can the founding team, at their discretion, proceed to launch a sec-
ond tokensale with the reserved tokens in order to fund the continued development of the Verify 
protocol and the Verify Payments platform. The price of the token and other tokensale parameters 
will be determined prior to the tokensale.

6.4 FUND ALLOCATION

In exchange for the tokens sold in the initial tokensale, we plan to use the funds raised for the fol-
lowing purpose:



verify.as 43

Fund Allocation

Development

55.0% Operational Expenses 13.0%

Legal, Risk 12.0%

Marketing 20.0%

For a detailed breakdown of what development tasks are involved, refer to Section 6.1.

6.5 BUYBACK

As detailed in Section 3.2, we have incorporated a buy-back mechanism in the core transaction 
processing function for the Verify reputation protocol. Every transaction processed on the network 
requires a corresponding insurance fee (of 1%) to be converted on the open market from the source 
cryptocurrency (e.g. BTC, ETH, etc.) to CRED. This balance is maintained in CRED and recognized 
by Verify as company revenue.

As the transaction volume on Verify increases, so too does the deflationary pressure on the CRED 
token resulting in higher demand for the CRED token and a corresponding rise in price. This effec-
tively constitutes a buyback mechanism, tied to the performance of the solution.



verify.as 44

7. Legal
GENERAL INFORMATION

The Verify token does not have the legal qualification of a security, since it does not give any rights 
to dividends or interests. The sale of CRED tokens is final and non-refundable. CRED tokens are 
not shares and do not give any right to participate to the general meeting of Verify Pte Ltd. CRED 
tokens cannot have a performance or a particular value outside the Verify protocol. CRED tokens 
shall therefore not be used or purchased for speculative or investment purposes. The purchaser 
of CRED tokens is aware that national securities laws, which ensure that investors are sold invest-
ments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject to regulatory scrutiny for the investors’ 
protection, are not applicable.

Anyone purchasing CRED tokens expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has careful-
ly reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the 
purchase of Verify.

KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED

The purchaser of CRED tokens undertakes that she/he understands and has significant experience 
of cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks 
associated with the tokensale as well as the mechanism related to the use of cryptocurrencies (incl. 
storage).

Verify shall not be responsible for any loss of CRED tokens or situations making it impossible to 
access CRED tokens, which may result from any actions or omissions of the user or any person 
undertaking to acquire CRED tokens, as well as in case of hacker attacks.

RISKS

Acquiring CRED tokens and storing them involves various risks, in particular, the risk that Verify Pte 
Ltd may not be able to launch its operations and develop its blockchain and provide the services 
promised. Therefore, and prior to acquiring CRED tokens, any user should carefully consider the 
risks, costs and benefits of acquiring CRED tokens in the context of the tokensale and, if necessary, 
obtain any independent advice in this regard. Any interested person who is not in the position to 
accept or to understand the risks associated with the activity (including the risks related to the 
non-development of the Verify protocol) or any other risks as indicated in the Terms & Conditions 
of the tokensale should not acquire CRED tokens.



verify.as 45

IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER

This white paper shall not and cannot be considered as an invitation to enter into an investment. 
It does not constitute or relate in any way nor should it be considered as an offering of securities 
in any jurisdiction. This white paper does not include or contain any information or indication that 
might be considered as a recommendation or that might be used as a basis for any investment 
decision. CRED tokens are just utility tokens which can be used only on the Verify protocol and are 
not intended to be used as an investment.

The offering of CRED tokens on a trading platform is done in order to allow the use of the Verify 
protocol and not for speculative purposes. The offering of CRED tokens on a trading platform does 
not change the legal qualification of the tokens, which remain a simple means for the use of the 
Verify protocol and are not a security.

Verify Pte Ltd is not to be considered as an advisor in any legal, tax or financial matters. Any infor-
mation in the white paper is provided for general information purposes only and Verify Pte Ltd does 
not provide any warranty as to the accuracy and completeness of this information.

Verify Pte Ltd is not a financial intermediary according to Singaporean law and is not required to 
obtain any authorization for Anti Money Laundering purposes.

Acquiring CRED tokens shall not grant any right or influence over Verify Pte Ltd’s organization and 
governance to the Purchasers.

Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated to crypto-
currencies in the world. In that respect, regulatory measures, investigations or actions may impact 
Verify Pte Ltd’s business and even limit or prevent it from developing its operations in the future. 
Any person undertaking to acquire CRED tokens must be aware of the Verify Pte Ltd business 
model, the white paper or terms and conditions may change or need to be modified because of 
new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws in any jurisdictions. In such 
a case, purchasers and anyone undertaking to acquire CRED tokens acknowledge and understand 
that neither Verify Pte Ltd nor any of its affiliates shall be held liable for any direct or indirect loss or 
damage caused by such changes.

Verify Pte Ltd will do its utmost to launch its operations and develop the Verify protocol. Anyone 
undertaking to acquire CRED tokens acknowledges and understands that Verify Pte Ltd does not 
provide any guarantee that it will manage to achieve it. They acknowledge and understand there-
fore that Verify Pte Ltd (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes no liability or responsibility for any 
loss or damage that would result from or relate to the incapacity to use CRED tokens, except in case 
of intentional misconduct or gross negligence.



verify.as 46

REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES

By participating in the tokensale, the purchaser agrees to the above, and in particular, they repre-
sent and warrant that they:

 » have read carefully the terms and conditions attached to 
the white paper; agree to their full contents and accept to 
be legally bound by them;

 » are authorized and have full power to purchase CRED to-
kens according to the laws that apply in their jurisdiction of 
domicile;

 » are neither a US citizen or resident;

 » live in a jurisdiction which allows Verify Pte Ltd to sell CRED 
tokens through a tokensale without requiring any local au-
thorization;

 » are familiar with all related regulations in the specific juris-
diction in which they are based and that purchasing cryp-
tographic tokens in that jurisdiction is not prohibited, re-
stricted or subject to additional conditions of any kind;

 » will not use the tokensale for any illegal activity, including 
but not limited to money laundering and the financing of 
terrorism;

 » have sufficient knowledge about the nature of the cryp-
tographic tokens and have significant experience with, and 
functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies of dealing with cryptographic tokens 
and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services;

 » purchase CRED tokens because they wish to have access to the Verify protocol;

 » are not purchasing CRED tokens for the purpose of speculative investment or usage.

GOVERNING LAW AND ARBITRATION

Any dispute or controversy arising from or under the tokensale shall be resolved by arbitration in 
accordance with the Singaporean Rules of International Arbitration of the Singaporean Chamber 
of Commerce in force on the date when the Notice of Arbitration is submitted in accordance with 
these Rules. The arbitration panel shall consist of one arbitrator only. The seat of the arbitration 
shall be Singapore. The arbitral proceedings shall be conducted in English.



verify.as 47

Appendix A: Long-term Vision
 
 
 
Most people are used to the buyer/seller paradigm and can understand the dynamics of this rela-
tionship and how a payments solution might help. However, the core Verify protocol exists a layer 
below this; it is the layer that enables applications like Verify Payments to exist, and this can be 
challenging to visualize.

To understand the real impact of a reputation protocol, consider a buyer and a seller in two different 
locations: let’s say a buyer from Russia and a seller from Argentina. Having a reputation protocol 
would allow these two parties to transact, whereas previously it would’ve been too risky to do. Think 
about the global trade market today, and how much larger it could become if a reliable reputation 
protocol existed that would allow any two people or entities to transact, using freely accessible 
cryptocurrencies. Cryptocurrencies do not have the same barriers to entry that traditional financial 
instruments do; buyers do not need a credit card to pay for goods, and sellers do not require a 
merchant account to receive payments. This is the ultimate vision behind the reputation protocol: to 
become the fundamental layer upon which financial applications are built. Applications that extend 
credit to individuals that have nothing more than their reputation to go by. And really, what could 
possibly be a better predictor for future trustworthiness than past trustworthiness?

As for Verify Payments, the focus would be on promoting the use of cryptocurrencies for commer-
cial purposes. This would initially start with eCommerce sellers but eventually, extend into all areas 
of commerce -- including physical retail. The difficulty is in setting up the initial infrastructure that 
would support the most complex use-case: eCommerce (which involves higher risk due to longer 
delivery times). Expanding to include other use-cases like digital retail and physical retail (where 
delivery is often instant) would be less challenging from a design perspective.



verify.as 48

Appendix B: Token Economic 
Model
SETUP

1  For simplicity, we will call ”dollar” any fiat or stablecoin whose price is not affected by processes on the Verify platform. This can 

be actual dollars, any other exchangeable currency or cryptocurrency.

2 We plan to use the Verify Fund to finance c for the advance payment to the seller. However, we will see later
3  We assume no time discounting. That is, every agent values 1 dollar today the same as 1 dollar tomorrow. Typically, that is not the 

case: 1 dollar today is worth more than 1 dollar tomorrow. The model can be easily adjusted for this, but this won’t substantially 

aect any important result.

Consider a simple model with 3 periods, t = 
0, t = 1, and t = 2. There is 1 buyer and 1 seller. 
At t = 0 buyer wants to spend $x0

1 for a good 
from the seller. The transaction is taxed at 
a flat rate α, and the seller will eventually 
receive $(1 − α)x0 for the good.The seller 
has a credit cap 0 ≤ c0 < (1 − α)x0 which he 
receives at the moment of purchase t = 0, 
while the rest (1 − a)x − c is held in escrow

2 
and will be released to him at t = 13 At t = 1 the 
transaction is completed. Also, at t = 1 buy-
er wants to make another purchase for the 
amount of $x1 (x1 > x0 would correspond to 
the growing Verify market, while x1<x0 would 
correspond to the shrinking market). At t = 1, 
the seller has a new cap c1 which may be 
more (if the first transaction was successful) 
or less (if the first transaction failed) than c0. 
The second transaction will be completed 
at period t = 2, when no more transactions 
occur and the game ends.

When the buyer makes a purchase, the 
amount of tax αxis entirely used to purchase 
tokens on the open exchange. These tokens 
are then taken by Verify and disappear from 
the market. At t = 0, the seller is allowed to 
purchase more tokens than needed to ac-
cept the first transaction and then use them 
for the second transaction at t = 1. There 
are also “traders” on the market. A trader is 
anyone who holds, sells and/or buys tokens 
onthe open exchange. A “trader”could be 
a third person, buyer, seller or even Verify 
themselves. All traders behave competitive-
ly on the token market, care about maximiz-
ing their profits in dollars only and initially, at 
t = 0 together hold T0 tokens.

The question is: what will be the equilibrium 
price of tokens and how many of them will 
be sold in each period?

ANALYSIS

In each period, the price and quantity of 
tokens’ sold is determined by supply and 
demand. Firstnote that since there are no 

transactions at t = 2 as this is the end of the 
game, there will be no market at t = 2 since 
nobody will need tokens. Therefore, all the 



verify.as 49

tokens that are on handsat t = 1 have to be-
sold at t = 1. We denote the token price as p0 
and p1 at t = 0 and t = 1 respectively, and de-
note Ts as the number of tokens all the to-
ken holders are ready to sell at t = 0 (Thus, 
they will have T0 − Ts at t = 1, and all these 
tokens will be sold at t = 1).

Consider the demand for tokens at t = 0 and 
denote E(p1) as the expectation of p1 at t0 
(what agents think at t0 about price of to-
kens at t1). Total demand consists of three 
distinct components. First, there is demand 
generated by Verify’s need to exchange tax 
money αx for tokens:

Dv(p0) = α  
x0.

Second, there is a demand from the seller, 
who may want to buy tokens at t = 0 to use 
for the transaction at t = 1. However, he will 
do so only if he believes that at t = 1 tokens 

4 We assume that if traders are indiferent between buying and not buying, i.e. when p0 = E(p1), they don’t buy

5  We may later consider alternative situations, where agents are not fully rational and systematically incorrectly assess future price 

(overestimate or underestimate). However, there must be very strong justification for such irrationality.

will be more expensive than now at t = 0. i.e., 
this demand DB (p0) is 0 if p0 ≥ E(p1) and it isαx1

E(p0)
if p0 < E(p1)

Third, there is demand from traders. At t = 0 
traders would like to buy tokens only if they 
think that at t = 1 these tokens will be more 
expensive, and they will indeed be willing 
to buy as many tokens as possible in this 
case, since every token is a positive profit. 
So if p0 < E(p1) the traders’ demand DT (p0) 
is infinite, while if p0 ≥ E(p1) it is 0.4

Now supply side. Since only traders have 
tokens (T

0
 of them), they want to sell any-

thingat t = 0 if and only if they expect that 
the price will fall in the next period, and 
they want tosell everything they have in this 
case. That is supply, S(p

0
), at t = 0 is 0 if p

0
 < 

E(p1), T0 if p0 > E(p1) and could be anywhere 
between 0 and T

0
 if p

0
 =E(p1).

EQUILIBRIUM

Now note that the only possible equilibri-
umis when p*

0
=p*

1
.Think what happens if this 

is not the case. First, in equilibrium agents 
should correctly anticipate future price, 
i.e. E(p*

1
)=p*

1
.5 Second, suppose that p

0
 < p

1
.  

Since nobody wants to sell tokens at t = 0, 
preferring to wait until t = 1, while there is still 
positive demand, p

0
 will eventually increase 

to the level of p
1
.

Alternatively, suppose that p
0
 > p

1
. Then all 

the token holders wants to sell their tokens 
which does not mean they necessarily will 
be able to. They will start selling tokens, p

0
 

will start to increase till either 1) all tokens 
are sold and p

0
 is still below p

1
 (In this case, 

there will be no market at t = 1) or 2) p
0  
equals 

p
1
 and there is no incentive to sell tokens fur-

ther.

So, at equilibrium it must be the case that p
0
 

= p
1
. Let Ts be the number of tokens sold at 

t = 0 given these prices. Hence, equilibrium 
is defined by three equations:

p0



verify.as 50

αx1 = T
0 
-
 
T

s 
;

p1

p0 = p1 .

α(x0 + x1)  .
T0

p*0= p*1 =

αx0 = T
s 
;

p0

CONCLUSION

What you can see from this simple model is

1. Token price will stabilize overtime, irrespective of where Verify market grows or shrinks. 
This is because traders will always exploit any potential price difference till it disap-
pears. Indeed, if you allow for time discounting, p

1
 will be higher than p

0
, but this will be a 

fixed difference which will not depend on any other modelparameter.

However, this does not mean that the price will not fluctuate over time at all. There are 
many scenarios that may cause the price to change in any direction. For example, there 
could be unexpected things that would affect an agent’s expectations (e.g., the future 
size of the Verify market), or there could be information asymmetry (some agents will 
know more about the market than others), or some agents may be not fully rational in 
their decisions, etc. So, in fact, the token market is essentially just like any other asset 
market.

I assume that x1 is known to the buyer and everyone else on the market with certainty.
It would be more realistic to assume that x1 is subject to some uncertainty. In this case 
what would matter is current actual volume and expectations of future volumes. After 
every period, these expectations will adjust incorporating all new information available 
to agents, and this will cause price fluctuations. For example, if Verify grows faster than 
it was initially expected, token price will rise over time, but if it will grow slower than 
expected, price will decrease over time.

2. If the role of the Verify Fund is strictly to extend credit to sellers, then you don’t actu-
ally need Verify Fund. Given that token price is the same over time, it does not matter 
whether you first take tokens out of the Verify Fund to fund advanced payment and then 



verify.as 51

re-buy tokens for the money you are left with after the release of the escrow holding, 
or you directly take c out of (1 − a)x and put the rest to escrow. However, since there’s a 
risk component consideration as well (that Verify may or may not be able to recoup funds 
extended as credit to sellers), itdoes ultimately make sense to separate the two resulting in 
separation of concerns. This also allows Verify to introduce a slight fee on the credit extended 
to adjust for the risk of non-repayment by a small portion of sellers.

3. It does not matter whether transactions in Verify are successful or not. Their successor failure 
does not directly affect token prices. Indeed, if we assume that successful transactions will at-
tract more agents to Verify and thus increase future volumes, success will matter. But this will 
be an indirect effect via volumes.

4. It does not matter what are seller’s ceilings (caps) and how they change overtime.

5. It does not matter what is the initial distribution of tokens (as long as the number of tokens in 
one pair of hands is small relative to the total number of tokens, so that no single party is able 
to substantially influence prices). Only their total amount matters.

In conclusion, the token model as demonstrated tends towards stability, with the token 
price largely dependent on the performance of the Verify platform over time.



verify.as 52

Appendix C: Team
Our team is primarily comprised of ex-Amazon leaders and engineers that worked directly on payment solutions within 
the company.

Yazin Alirhayim, CEO

Yazin was most recently VP at Amazon’s “Payfort Start” di-
vision. He previously founded White Payments, a “Stripe 
for the Middle East”. White was acquired by Payfort (and 
later by Amazon) just 12 months after it launched. Before 
White, he founded several startups and prior to that was 
Global Finance Leader at General Electric. Yazin is an expe-
rienced Finance executive, and a certified Lean Six Sigma 
Black Belt and instructor.

Ibrahim Mokdad, Head of Business Development

Ibrahim most recently lead R&D at Exa.io, a supercomputing 
platform for 3D graphics rendering. At Exa, he orchestrated 
commercial deals with enterprise and government clients. 
He has a strong technical background, having completed 
his Master’s research in Machine Learning. He maintains 
a popular channel on Youtube on Python and Computer 
Vision using OpenCV.



Appendix D: Advisors
REPUTATION & TRUST

TBA

PAYMENTS

Omar Kassim

Omar Kassim previously founded, grew and exited 
JadoPado, one of the Middle East’s pioneering eCom-
merce marketplaces. JadoPado was acquired by noon, a 
billion dollar company founded by real-estate mogul and 
billionaire Mohammed Alabbar. Omar is currently the CEO 
and Founder of Esanjo, a business that creates, builds and 
invests in beautiful technology businesses.

Moussa Beidas

CEO and co-founder of Bridg one of the Middle East’s 
first Fintech startups and a regional thought leader in the 
space. A digital creative strategist who built customer ex-
periences for Google Fibre, Microsoft, Skype, Emirates 
NBD, DeNA (Tokyo), Tata DOCOMO (India). His work in 
digital user experience has impacted over 300 million cus-
tomers across the globe.

ECONOMICS

TBA

BLOCKCHAIN

TBA



verify.as 54

References
[1] eMarketer. (2016, August 22). Worldwide Retail Ecommerce Sales Will Reach $1.915 Trillion This 
Year. Retrieved from https://www.emarketer.com/Article/Worldwide-Retail-Ecommerce-Sales-
Will-Reach-1915-Trillion-This-Year/1014369

[2] ESTICAST Research (2017, October 21) Blockchain Market By type, By provider, By organization 
size, By End User, Industry Trends, Estimation & Forecast. Retrieved from: https://www.esticast-
research.com/market-reports/blockchain-market

[3] Vuitton, E. (2017, March 21) Ecommerce Payment Fraud Outlook 2017-2020. Retrieved from: 
https://chargeback.com/ecommerce-payment-fraud-outlook-2020/

[4] Wood, L. (2016, September 14) Fraud Detection and Prevention Market Worth $33.19 Billion by 
2021 - Rise in Online Businesses, Transactions & Mobile Banking - Research and Markets. Re-
trieved from: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160914005789/en/Fraud-Detec-
tion-Prevention-Market-Worth-33.19-Billion

[5] Payfort (2017, March 28). PayFort Joining the Amazon family. Retrieved from https://www.
payfort.com/payfort-joining-the-amazon-family/

[6] Nakamoto, S., Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System, Retrieved from https://bitcoin.
org/bitcoin.pdf

[7] Bluterin, V. (2017, October 13). ETHwaterloo Keynote Speech [Video file]. Retrieved from 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcWEdyBBGrk

[8] A. Jøsang, R. Ismail, C. Boyd, (2007) A survey of trust and reputation systems for online service 
provision, Decision Support Systems 43. pp. 618–644.

[9] Vavilis S, Petkovic M, Zannone N. (2014). A reference model for reputation systems. Decision 
Support Systems 61: pp. 147–154.

[10] Audun Jøsang. (2016) “Subjective Logic: A Formalism for Reasoning Under Uncertainty”, ISBN 
978-3-319-42337-1, Springer Verlag.

[11] Irissappane A., A. and Zhang, J. (2015) A Case-Based Reasoning Framework to Choose Trust 
Models for Different E-Marketplace Environments, Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research, 52, 
pp. 477-505.

[12] Y. Ruan, A. Durresi, (2016) A survey of trust management systems for online social communi-
ties–Trust modeling, trust inference and attacks. Knowledge-Based Syst 106 , pp. 150-163.



verify.as 55

[13] Ahn , H.,J., (2008) A new similarity measure for collaborative filtering to alleviate the new user 
cold-starting problem. Information Sciences 178, pp 37-51.

[14] Hariharan, A. (2016) All about Network Effects, Retrieved from https://a16z.com/2016/03/07/
all-about-network-effects/

[15] CFPB (2017, October 17) Consumer Protection Principles: Consumer-Authorized Financial Data 
Sharing and Aggregation, Retrieved from http://files.consumerfinance.gov/f/documents/cfpb_
consumer-protection-principles_data-aggregation.pdf

[16] Rietjens ,B. (2007) Trust and reputation on eBay: Towards a legal framework for feedback 
intermediaries, Information & Communications Technology Law 15.

[17] Spitz, S. and Tuchelmann, Y. (2011) A Survey of Security Issues in Trust and

Reputation Systems for E-Commerce. Autonomic and Trusted Computing, 8th International Con-
ference, pp. 203–214.

[18] “CFPB Outlines Principles For Consumer-Authorized Financial Data ....” 18 Oct. 2017, https://
www.consumerfinance.gov/about-us/newsroom/cfpb-outlines-principles-consumer-autho-
rized-financial-data-sharing-and-aggregation/. Accessed 22 Oct. 2017.

[19] Marti, S. and Garcia-Molina, H. (2006) Taxonomy of trust: Categorizing p2p reputation systems. 
In Management in Peer-to-Peer Systems 50, pp 472–484.

[20] Abbas S., Merabti M., Llewellyn-Jones D., (2010) Deterring whitewashing attacks in reputation 
based schemes for mobile ad hoc networks, Proc. of IFIP Wireless Days Conf, IEEE, pp. 1–6

[21] V. Agate, et al., (2016). A framework for parallel assessment of reputation management sys-
tems. In Proceedings of the International Conference on Computer Systems and Technologies 
(CompSysTech).

[22] Douceur J.R, (2002) The Sybil Attack, Proceedings of the International Workshop on Peer-to-
Peer Systems.

[23] Hoffman K., David Z. and Nita-Rotaru C. (2009) A Survey of Attack and Defense Techniques 
for Reputation Systems, ACM Computing Surverys 42.

[24] Theleanstartup, The lean startup methodology. Retrieved from: http://theleanstartup.com/
principles References



verify.as 56

Change Log
19 Nov, 2017: Updated the bounty allocation in proportion to the reduction of the hard-cap

20 Nov, 2017: Updated bounty allocation to reflect new bounty structure.



v e r i f y . a s


