



































WP_ENG.key


2 0 1 7

Vestarin ICO 
white-paper

/231



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017

1. Lead-in

Mission

2. Problems and solving

ICO Investment problem & solving.  
Start-up problem & solving. 
Cryptocurrency holder problem & solving. 
Language problem & solving. 
Information problem & solving.

3. Opportunities
For business 
Cryptocurrency exchange 
Team 
Chat 
Vestarin opportunities 

4. Financial perspective

5. Smart-contract monetization

ICO integration fees 
Exchange point fees  
Integrated online-shop profit fees  
Integrated offline-shop profit fees  
Integrated HoReCa, offline-services and entertainment profit fees

6. Pre-ICO funds distribution

7. ICO funds distribution

8. ROADMAP

What is under development and what is currently working

9. Target Audience

10. Conclusion

2



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 3

This year the blockchain technology world went viral. 

Dozens of new platforms, tokens and currencies appear daily. Pioneers among 

shops and services begin to get profit in cryptocurrency. More and more people 

join the industry, heaps of money are invested, plenty of projects are launched, 

a great deal of perspectives are opened. But at the same time it looks more like 

separate pieces of puzzle, not like a general picture. 

What if we can make you owe the world of the blockchain industry? 

Nonsense? Not at all! It`s a way out of existing situation. Our mobile app will unite 

hundreds and thousands of service providers and sellers, who accept payments 

with cryptocurrency. We will also attract professionals to build strong teams. 

We will aggregate tons of relevant information for the development of crypto-

enthusiasts. We will implement the best ICO projects for investors. 

And all this in 15 languages. 

The decentralized Vestarin platform on Ethereum blockchain (ERCE20 standard) is 

a must-have for everyone who has made at least one step into the world of crypto 

currency and blockchain technology. 

Mission

The inspiration to change this industry for the better will come to everyone who 

reads the key idea up to the end and supports it. We already constitute a major 

community, which only needs to be united on a single platform with maximum 

capacities. 

Attracting “early bird” users to Vestarin project, we will be able to create a vital 

platform for anyone, as its development depends mainly on the feedback from 

users.  

Lead-in



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 4

Let`s look at major problems, that an ordinary crypto industry user faces, 

and the ways out, offered by Vestarin platform. 

ICO Investment problem & solving.

Investor`s task – to invest in a start-up, which is likely to succeed 

and to get profit. But first one needs to find actual ICO`s. Investor chooses several 

ideas by WhitePaper and seeks approvals: expert confirmations, that it really works, 

and blockchain community positive reviews. 

As a result, thanks to the well-coordinated work of professional marketers, the 

investor finds a lot of information, positive feedback and accordingly starts to 

believe it the very idea. Then the ICO opens. Token is issued fir investor`s money, as 

previously discussed with the market. As a result a couple of high yield days are 

followed by a complete breakdown. 

The creators make a helpless gesture, counting their millions gathered on the 

ICO, and investors cease to believe that this can work. Thus, confidence in the 

industry as a whole is not stable. And what, if not investment, keeps everything 

working? This is just one of the problems that we are going to solve on the 

Vestarin platform. 

ICO – a powerful tool for both the investor and the project as a whole to achieve 

a specific goal. The project needs to be launched and succeed, the investor wants 

his profit. ICO itself is unique, but if people`s trust is abused, it can turn this great 

instrument into a soap bubble, that may burst soon. To keep it working, certain 

problems need to be sorted out. 

The first problem is fake and scam-projects that play on people's trust in society. 

Having created an impressive  web-site, having placed the project on all 

crowdfunding platforms and having bought several significant names, almost any 

project will get investors trust in it. As a result, ICO is successful, but the project`s 

success is not reached. Though, the creators are not really upset. Everyone likes 

easy money. Perhaps, to a certain extent, greed draws us to commit not fully 

thought-out actions. 

Problem solving



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 5

Any rising industry makes its way to stability “per aspera ad astra”, transformed 

by people, who believe in it. We are mighty enough to influence even the greatest 

systems with over $600 billion capitalization. 

Vestarin platform will get together people, capacities and opportunities to sort out 

all the problems. We need to cooperate in order to brush up ICO projects.Primarily 

ICO will be moderated by Vestarin platform experts to weed out “garbage”. Then 

everything is in the hands of users, including specialists, developers and investors – 

all people in this industry will be involved in the work on the basis of one platform. 

You will be able to put assessments, write reviews and criticize, creating a picture 

of the reputation of this ICO, as a result of which it will be easier for investors to 

make a decision, the risks will significantly decrease, and the creators of fake 

projects will be exposed by the overwhelming majority of experts. We will also 

create an open chart based on the results of past and current ICO projects: how 

many funds have been collected and how many people have invested so that you 

can make even more conclusions before making a final decision. 

Start-up problem & solving

The little genius sat at night, read articles, wrote some lines of code, until he "gave 

out" something new and incredibly cool. Now he needs investments and a strong 

team for implementation. But in his environment there are neither like-minded 

people, nor people associated with this industry. So, where should he find them? 

After several unsuccessful attempts to find people or attract at least some 

investments, he loses hope and again returns to everyday life, and the world did not 

see his brilliant project. We will make life easier for such people. On Vestarin 

platform you will be able to find both an investor and a team that will bring your 

product to the market with the help of a categorized search (team, specialists and 

investors sections), which we will add to the platform.

Problem solving



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 6

Every day Vestarin platform will receive new ideas in search of investments. 

And those startups that are really interesting will be able to find their investor 

and bring the project to the ICO. 

Everyone knows that there are a lot of ideas, but very few really good ones. 

As a rule, really good ideas can not get the right to live due to the lack of knowledge 

and tools for their implementation. On the Vestarin platform, you will get "turnkey" 

not only professionals and investments, but also tips, knowledge, collect each 

piece of your puzzle, by uniting the entire community in one place.

Cryptocurrency holder problem & solving.

The Vestarin platform is a solution to various problems. And the problem whichI 

personally, the platform creator, being a user of the crypto industry, faced, is that the 

crypto currency itself is not really a currency, as it can not be spent and fully paid for 

purchases. First you need to sell your coins and get them for a fiat currency, and only 

then make purchases. 

Of course, there are shops and services that accept these currencies. With difficulty, 

but they can be found. However, their number is incomparably small, as for an 

industry with a capitalization of 600 billion dollars. We will attract and integrate shops, 

services, entertainment into one place on the Vestarin platform, where ordinary users 

can spend their crypto money.. 

At the beginning, the user will buy the domestic currency, VST tokens, with which 

he can perform targeted actions and purchases in one click. The same tokens fall into 

the asset of the store, and the store sells them in favor of the required currency, both 

external crypto currency and fiat currency.

Language problem & solving.

Not every user of crypto currency and blockchain technology knows English 

language. For non-English speakers, it is hard to translate and read the necessary 

information, because we are still thinking in our native language. Therefore, we 

decided that the Vestarin platform will be multilingual, so that absolutely everyone 

would use it comfortably. 

Problem solving



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 7

Problem solving
Thus, you can use the application not only in your country. When traveling, 

you will always know where you can eat for your crypto money, using 

geo search function.

Information problem & solving.

Agree, there is too much information and resources with information about 

blockchain technologies, but at the same time there is a shortage or a scope 

of unnecessary kind. We want to aggregate sources based on the Vestarin platform, 

ordering useful information by categories and sections. 

For example, in the “Articles” section you will see a list of topics where each 

aggregates the maximum amount of information from the Internet with the sources. 

Sources remain visible as before, but now they are arranged and aggregated in one 

place, which will considerably save the time for searching for this or that information.

List of languages:

- English 

- Chinese  

- Korean 

- Japanese 

- Hindi 

- Arabic 

- Spanish 

- Czech 

- German 

- Portuguese 

- Russian 

- Turkish 

- Italian 

- French 

- Polish



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 8

Opportunities
It's great to live in the era of the digital revolution, when it finally easy to manage 

the funds. Now you do not need to go to banks, stand in lines, file reports about 

the origin of your own funds. But still there is one important possibility that will 

finally give the digital currency a power of fiat - to pay with this money for goods 

and services. 

Vestarin will give users the opportunity to: operate in a transparent and secure 

ecosystem where everything goes to peer-2-peer. This is a unique chance to 

develop business in the digital economy without unnecessary costs for paperwork, 

banks, bureaucracy. The effectiveness of business creation will increase 

phenomenally and positively affect the further development of the digital 

economy.

For business

If you do not keep pace with the times, you lose your money. Every entrepreneur 

needs to understand: you need to move to where money is spinning, and in the 

crypto-world there are already $250 billion and the figure is growing at a frantic pace. 

Just a couple of years ago, the crypto industry was incomprehensible for anyone, and 

what we do not understand, we are accustomed to reject. 

But now, when even the students know about the blockchain, it is necessary to realize 

that the crypto-currencies are being firmly established in this world and it is high time 

to begin to reckon with this. We will collect a large community of crypto currency 

users, where business owners will sell their goods and services for crypto-coins. 

Thus, users will be able to spend the crypto currency, and the stores, without going 

into the world of the blockchain, make sales on an additional source, earning the 

same clear fiat money for them at the exit. 

Online stores will integrate goods items in a full-fledged online store, receiving orders 

with all the accompanying information for their execution. Having completed an 

order, the smart contract will transfer the customer's coins to the store`s account. As 

for offline stores and services, a person can pay with tokens. You just call the amount 

in a fiat currency, and for this amount at the exchange rate you will get VST platform 

tokens, which you can sell on the market for fiat money. 



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017

Opportunities

Cryptocurrency exchange

Almost every day new crypto-currencies come to the market. Today you need 

bitcoin, tomorrow ethereum, and the day after tomorrow some kinda NEWCOIN. 

Sooner or later, there is a need for the currency that you do not have yet, and to get 

it, you need to exchange it. In order to avoid problems so that you could use any 

of them at first, we will integrate exchange points on the platform Vestarin, where 

everyone can get or sell the desired currency in a couple of clicks. 

Team

We thought of developing a whole section, in which we will connect puzzles into a 

single picture, where you can create a team, join it or become a part of it. Each user 

will be defined by his profile, specialization: Advisor, Coder, Investor, Specialist, 

Marketer, Designer, Traffic Arbitrator, Analyst, Financier, etc. You can find a person by 

selecting the relevant category in the search field and immediately get in touch in the 

integrated chat. 

Form new strong teams, create new projects, solve new problems!

Chat

You can discuss questions and communicate with any users of the project without 

opening personal data and contacts, without leaving the Vestarin application. You 

can negotiate directly in group and private chats, make decisions together, share 

information. 

In the chat you can even transfer VST coins, for example, for advice or as a bonus to a 

remotely working developer. Only you should decide how to spend your coins.

9



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 10

Opportunities
Vestarin platform opportunities

You will be able to:

- Purchase goods, services and entertainment for crypto currency. 

- Find a team to implement and launch your project. 

- Communicate with other crypto-enthusiasts  via built-in chat and even transfer 

coins there. 

- Exchange one currency for another in exchange points with the highest 

reputation, which you can also evaluate. 

- Have access to information about  emergence and development of new 

blockchain platforms and opportunities around the world. 

- Invest in ICO with minimal risks, based on user rating. Each startup will have its 

own reputation and feedback from the same crypto-enthusiast users as you, 

which will help to increase or decrease the credibility of a particular project. 

- Become part of the team, if you are keen on a particular structure.  

- Integrate your store, restaurant, service or entertainment, earn profit from the 

platform in the crypto currency.  

- Integrate your ICO if it is moderated by Vestarin platform specialists, whose goal 

is to identify scam and fake projects. After the integration of your ICO, you will be 

able to attract the attention of the entire community, which will give an 

opportunity to give life to your project.  

- Integrate your exchanger and get leads from the platform.

You will have all the opportunities of blockchain technology 

and the industry as a whole!



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 11

Financial Perspective 

Crypro-world community increases in geometric progression DAILY! Those who 

know at least something about crypto-currencies, who mined at least one bitсoin, 

transferred at least one ETH, who created a project on the blockchain, bought at least 

one token, invested at least $ 100 in the cryptocurrency, who wrote at least one line 

of code for smart-contract, traded at least one of the Crypto-currency, read at least 

one article about the Crypto-currency, who has not done anything  yet, but is already 

fully involved in the information - this is a community with hundreds of millions of 

people. 

We create a platform for a wide audience of crypto-enthusiasts, whom we will give 

the opportunity to spend crypto-money without having to withdraw it to the 

currency. The capitalization of all cryptocurrencies in the world exceeds $600 billion. 

And now some of the holders will join us to spend them. The analysis of the market 

shows impressive figures, and to attract them to the ocean, where they are already 

swimming, is not a fantasy, but a reality. 

1 year after the launch of the platform, the number of users can reach 10 million, and 

purchases will be made with not less than $1 billion. Taking into account the 5% 

commission of the platform, capitalization will be 50 million US dollars. Of course, 

now it sounds fantastic. But $19 000 for 1 bitcoin was fantastic a few years ago, 

and today it's reality.



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 12

Monetization by smart-contracts
The goal of Vestarin is to create a mutually beneficial ecosystem and enable the 

business to develop. 

The digital economy allows the business to become an independent bank  for all 

of its monetary transactions, to build its own empire without the intervention of 

intermediaries. Vestarin will make your business accessible to the whole world, 

multiplying the number of prospective users at the expense of the aggregated 

database of users from all over the world. The platform commission will be 

collected to support internal management processes and technical support.

ICO integra,on fees
The owner or representative of ICO is registered on the platform as a regular user. 

Choose a section: For business > ICO Integration > Fill out an extensive form > 

Send an application > The application is moderated and evaluated by platform 

experts > If approved, the “Activate” button appears, requiring commission fee 

in the form of VST tokens, which can be purchased in the personal account 

of the application . 

In case of refusal activation is impossible, the commission is not collected. After 

activation, ICO appears on the platform in the “ICO” section packed with all 

necessary information and documentation. The ability to go to the original 

is saved. On the ICO platform, independent users are involved in the form 

of assessments and discussions, and subsequently attracting investments.

Exchange point fees 

The owner or representative of the exchange point registers on the platform just 

as a regular user does. Selects a section: For business > Integration of the 

exchanger > Fills out an extensive form > Sends an application> The application is 

moderated and evaluated by platform experts > If approved, the “Activate” button 

appears, requiring commission fee in the form of VST tokens, which can be 

purchased in the personal account of the application.



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 13

Monetization by smart-contracts
Commission fees for exchangers are paid monthly. The fee is automatically 

deducted from the account by the smart contract (if the amount on the account 

is insufficient, the exchanger will be closed after 5 days, which are required for the 

completion of unclosed operations, and new applications will not be received). If 

the moderator rejects the exchanger's application for integration, activation is not 

possible, the commission is not collected. 

After activation, the exchanger appears on the platform in the section 

“exchangers” in the form filled with all necessary information. On the platform, 

the exchanger starts operating with users and leads. 

Users of the platform will also be able to write reviews and rate the exchanger, 

determining its reputation. Exchange with a low reputation will be removed from 

the integration.

ICO integration Fee

ICO Owner

Registration on 
the Vestarin 

Platform

Fill out an 
extensive 

application form

The application is 
moderated by 

platform experts

If approved, 
commission fee is 

charged 

Personal Account 
of the User

VST tokens 
replenishment 

Commission fee and 
Activation 

Appearing on the 
platform 

Attracting users, 
reviews, rating 

Rating formation 

Attracting 
investments to ICO

Exchanger`s 
owner 

Registration on 
the Vestarin 

platform

Fill out an 
extensive 

application form

The application 
is moderated by 
platform experts

If approved, 
commission fee is 

charged 

Personal account 
of the user

VST tokens 
replenishment 

Commission fee and 
Activation 

Appearing on 
the platform 

Attracting users

Receiving conversion 
orders 

Profit from conversions 

Processing 
conversions 

Adding of an 
activation date to 
a smart contract 

for a monthly 
commission fee 

Exchanger integration Fee



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017

Monetization by smart-contracts

14

Offline Stores 
integration fee

Store owner 

Registration on the 
Vestarin Platform

Fill out an 
extensive 

application form

Adding goods 

The application is 
moderated by platform 

experts

Approval, Activation Appearing on the 
platform 

Attracting customers  

Receiving orders 

Receiving payments 
with VST tokens by 

smart-contract 

Delivering orders 

Profit

Platform 
commission fee

Integrated offline-shop profit fees

Users of Vestarin platform will be able to find physical offline stores by 

geolocation search integrated into the platform and can pay for the goods with 

VST tokens. The main condition for an integrated offline store is to give users of 

the cashback platform a discount, which is indicated by the store during 

integration. 

How does it work? First, the owner of the offline store integrates it, filling out the 

form and indicating the size of the cashback discount. After activation, the store 

appears in the platform access, and users can find it by geolocation. Visiting this 

offline store, a person selects the right product, and transfers the VST tokens for 

the total amount of purchases. Smart-contract presupposes a cashback with 

tokens for the specified amount of the discount, deducting the commission to the 

platform.



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 15

Monetization by smart-contracts

Online Stores 
integration fee

Store owner

Registration on the 
Vestarin platform

Fill out an 
extensive 

application form

State the discount for 
platform users in VST 

tokens

Approval, Activation 

Appearing on the 
platform 

Attracting customers  
by geolocation 

User chooses a 
purchase

Shop draws 
a bill for a 
customer 

Receiving payments with 
VST tokens by 
smart-contract 

Profit

Platform commission 
fee

Discount Cashback

Integrated online-shop profit fees 

The owner or representative of the online store is registered on the platform just 

like a regular user. Choose a section: For business > Integration of online store > 

Fill out an extensive form > Fills the store with goods (photo/description/price, 

etc.) > Sends an application > The application is moderated and evaluated by 

platform experts > If approved, the  “Activate” button will appear (for the 

integration of online stores commission is not charged). 

After activation, the online store appears on the platform in the “Online Stores” 

section with a full range of products. It gets the involvement of users and leads. 

Users pay for purchases with VST tokens, which they purchase in their personal 

account. Store owners receive orders and pay in VST tokens, execute them, and 

the platform automatically charges a commission from the store for purchases 

made via a smart contract. Users of the platform can leave feedback and evaluate 

each online store, determining its reputation. Stores with a low reputation will be 

removed from the integration.



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017

Monetization by smart-contracts

Integrated HoReCa, offline-services and entertainment 
profit fees

Users of Vestarin will be able to find by geolocation those establishments, 

restaurants, cafes, hotels, services, entertainment, which are integrated into the 

platform, and it is justified to pay for services with VST tokens. The main 

condition for an integrated offline business is to provide users with a cashback 

platform with a discount that the business owner indicates when integrating. 

How does it work? First, the owner of an offline business integrates his restaurant, 

hotel, cafe, service or entertainment, filling out the form and indicating the size of 

the cashback discount. After activation, the establishment or service appears in 

the platform access, and users can find it by geolocation. Having used a certain 

service, a person can pay with VST tokens, and a smart-contract performs a 

cashback with tokens to the user, including discounts, deducting commission 

fees to the platform.

16

Services / HoReCa / Entertainment 
integration fee

Service; HoReCa; 
Entertainment 

owner

Registration on 
the Vestarin 

platform

Fill out an 
extensive 

application form

State the discount for 
platform users in VST 

tokens

Approval, Activation 

Appearing on the 
platform 

Attracting 
customers  by 
geolocation 

Paying for a purchase/
service 

Bill for a customer

Receiving payments 
with VST tokens by 

smart-contract 

Profit

Platform 
commission fee

Discount Cashback 
in  VST tokens



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 17

Pre-ICO

60%

35%

5%
Distribution of Pre-ICO funds:

5% - on advisers and project managers.

60% - to the product development team: 
- Additional back-end developers. 

- Interface developers, designers.

35% - expenses for PR and marketing: 
- International marketing campaigns. 

- Promo-partnership in 4 regions (Asia, Europe, Russia, Latin America). 

- Conferences and media partners. 

- Strong promotional campaign in social networks



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 18

ICO

45%

20%

15%

12%

5%
3%

Distribu,on of ICO funds

45% - to the development team with about 15-20 
engineers. Development of a mobile platform, 

web-platform, desktop and app versions, business 

development, relationships on the market, big 

partnerships, building a community worldwide.

Revenues from the sale of tokens will finance the launch 

of the product and its further development:

20% -  marketing expenses, media content, 
PR and attraction of all types of users, 

presentations and advertising campaigns, 

purchase of targeted traffic.

15% -  the cost of integrating stores and 
services, restaurants, exchangers, working 

with the information content platform, 

management.

12% -  operating expenses of employees and 
office.

5% -  legal support.

3% -  bonus to developers and creators.



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 19

Roadmap

September 2017: Team Building 

Оctober 2017: Idea Development, forming Technical specification 

December 2017: Design Draft 

January 2018: PreI-CО, Demo version launch 

March 2018: ICO, Full scale development 

April 2018: Listing on the markets, alpha-testing, Launch of  “Information”, 
Professionals” blocks 

July 2018: Marketing, Attracting professionals, Beta testing 

August 2018: Launch of the block “For BUSINESS”, “ICO”, integrating partners 

October 2018: Full volume marketing, SMM, CPA, PR, Papers 

November 2018: Over 500 shops and services providers on the platform 

December 2018: Launch of Online/Offline blocks for purchase in cryptocurrency 

January 2019: 1 million Users, 2000 shops and services 

March 2019: Opening of the representative offices in Spain, USA 

April 2019: Opening of the representative offices in Japan, China, Korea 

May 2019: 10 million Users, 8000 shops and services 

June 2019: MUST-HAVE app for all the crypto-enthusiasts 



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 20

Roadmap

Work is underway on the primary structure of the platform, new features are 

being developed at the core stage, improvements are being made to user 

cases up to the ideal, errors are being worked on, complete TK is rolled out 

for each section and each button, and design elements of all elements and 

pages are being worked on in parallel.

Do you want to: 

Minimize the risks of your investments in ICO? 

Know the reputation of the exchangers? 

Get a profit in crypto-currency for  your product? 

Earn on your service or establishment a crypto currency? 

Know everything about the crypto currency? 

Launch your startup? 

Invest in your project? 

Find a strong team for your grid? 

Become a part of the team? 

Cooperate with the same crypto-enthusiasts as you? 

You need us! 

Target Audience



/21Vestarin white paper,  2017 21

Conclusion

Owners of shops, exchangers, services, restaurants and institutions will be 

able to integrate their business on a platform, and users will be able to pay 

for purchases and perform operations with VST tokens. 

Representatives of ICO projects will be able to integrate their projects on a 

platform where users create an open reputation for them in the form of 

assessments and discussions, thereby helping investors make better 

decisions. 

The set of technologies and news from the world of crypto currency will 

now be aggregated in one place on the Vestarin platform, where dozens of 

sources and portals will be able to post information for our audience. 

Blockchain experts and professionals will be aggregated on the Vestarin 

platform, where they can easily find each other to cooperate on different 

projects. 


