







































VEZT 

 1 

 
 

 

White Paper 
 

www.vezt.co 

Prepared by: Steve Stewart & Robert Menendez 

October 27, 2017  



VEZT 

 2 

CONTENTS  
 

1.0 COMPANY OVERVIEW        3 
 

2.0 OUR MISSION          4 
 

3.0 THE PROBLEM         5 
 

4.0 THE SOLUTION         6 
 

5.0 HOW IT WORKS         7 
 

6.0 PLATFORM FEATURES        8 
 

7.0 VEZT TOKEN (VZT) USAGE       11 
 

8.0 OUR TEAM          12 
 

9.0 OUR ADVISORS         14 
 

10.0 DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE ROADMAP    15 
 

11.0 KEY TOKEN GENERATING EVENT (TGE) 
 TECHNICAL DETAILS        16 
 

12.0 PROJECT FUNDS RELEASE AND USE OF FUNDS  17 
 

13.0 LEGAL AND RISK DISCLAIMER      18 
  



VEZT 

 3 

1.0 COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 

Vezt Inc. (“Vezt”) is a Delaware corporation, headquartered in Los Angeles, California. Formed in 2016 and 

converted into a corporation in early 2017, Vezt has received pre-seed funding from Binary Capital and 

principals of Global Trust Group.  

Vezt has on-boarded a local UX/UI team, back-end engineering and design teams, including a blockchain 

architect and middleware expert, and have just created the wireframes, UX/UI and design of the platform and 

are currently building and integrating the back-end and blockchain elements. 

We have assembled a talented and competent team and have tapped a number of successful and highly-

experienced advisors for their expertise and input to build the most robust and successful platform possible. 

We expect to have a demonstrable prototype in September of 2017, and a fully-functional MVP by the end of 

Q4 2017, and a public beta launch in Q1 2018. 

  



VEZT 

 4 

2.0 Our Mission 

 

We believe that music is one of the few mediums that can literally transform life. It can provide solace and com-

fort to those hurting or in need, joy and excitement to an experience or event, and even has the ability to trans-

cend time and space with the emotional nostalgia that hearing a favorite song can trigger in one’s mind. It’s 

powerful and magic and we think it’s worthy of our efforts to provide its creators with the ability to be fairly and 

transparently compensated for their work and talent. 

 

Our mission is: 

 

• To provide artists with an equitable and transparent platform to easily and quickly monetize new or 

existing songs 

 

• To allow fans, friends, rights-buyers and brands to partner with artists on a song-by-song basis, 

sharing directly in whole or fractional IP ownership 

 

• To create a true marketplace for songs, where tracking and collection of royalties and licensing in-

come is transparent and in real time 

 

• To deliver to artists the opportunity to make a living from the fruits of their work, without unneces-

sary impediments that keep them from focusing on what truly matters - their music 

 

• To strengthen the relationship between artists and those that appreciate their music, in a meaningful 

way, where a true partnership can be formed and mutual benefits derived 

  

VEZT 



VEZT 

 5 

3.0 The Problem 

 

Artists have limited options available to monetize their songs. Typical record label and publishing structures 

constrain artists to unbalanced deals that rely on antiquated protocols that lack transparency. Even established 

artists may see earnings flatten after years without a record release or concert tour, with no way to bring in-

creased value to their songs. 

 

The music industry is currently fragmented, with the major labels and publishers focused on grand-slam home 

runs, leaving developing artists as well as successful older artists with few to no options to generate real in-

come growth. 

 

New artists have a problem with gaining traction and getting the word out about new songs, and once they do, 

the current monetization options do not provide enough income for artists to sustain themselves through their 

art. Digital platforms like YouTube and Instagram pay little to nothing, and are difficult to find traction even with 

a growing fanbase, as other promotion is often necessary but unaffordable. 

 

Established artists have seen diminishing advances from record labels, and an increase in rights tied to those 

advances. They are beholden to what has basically become a bank, that shops out many services (A&R, pub-

licity, promotion, marketing, etc.) to third parties, leaving the artist with little control or transparency. Many have 

been left with no choice but to take tour sponsorships and sell merchandise, liquor, jewelry and other ancillary 

products that have nothing to do with music, to support themselves. 

 

Legacy artists have seen their income streams level out, and are often unable to tour (due to illness or death) 

or secure new record or publishing deals. There are very few options to reinvigorate a fanbase and spike mon-

etization. They may be sitting on a catalog of hundreds of songs that is earning less and less everyday, due to 

the decreased value of masters and the lack of funds to mount a campaign to promote their songs to music su-

pervisors and brands. 

 

Individual songwriters often have copyrights in numerous compositions, but have no way to directly monetize 

their rights, or to develop new income streams outside the traditional publishing model. 

  



VEZT 

 6 

4.0 The Solution 

 

Vezt lets artists choose which portions of their songs to offer for sale to fans, friends, rights-buyers and brands, 

through an app-based platform that employs blockchain technology to track and collect royalty income. 

 

Give artists back the control over their work. Let them decide which portions of which songs they wish to mar-

ket. Let them choose a reversion schedule. Provide them with a transparent platform where they are funded by 

real people who believe in them and their music. Vezt functions as sort of a micro-publisher, in that as little as 

1% of a song’s rights may be offered to fans and rights-buyers. This allows artists to use fractions of one song 

to fund the production of other songs - all on their terms. 

 

New artists need financial resources to write, record and promote their work. This is critical to the creative pro-

cess, and without it, many will devote less time and effort to creating music, as they have to find other methods 

to provide financial sustenance. This is one of the reasons that many of today’s top songs sound eerily alike - 

they are products of a risk-adverse industry that utilizes the same handful of producers over and over again, 

which is their safe bet as purveyors of the purse strings. Once artists have a financial resource that can sustain 

them, there’s no limit to the new and exciting music thewill create. 

 

Established artists still hold rights that may not be encumbered by labels or publishers. More and more fre-

quently, there are master reversion and re-recording clauses that allow artist to control master rights - rights 

that can be monetized through Vezt. The songwriter portion of song copyrights is typically 100% controlled by 

artists that have existing co-publishing deals with major publishers. These songwriter rights can be monetized 

through Vezt as well. 

 

Legacy artists and individual songwriters can reinvigorate their earnings and fan bases by using Vezt to market 

portions of songs from their back catalogs. Marketing even 10% of a single song from a decades old album can 

ignite new interest in an artist and raise hundreds of thousands of dollars in a matter of hours.  

 

All artists can benefit from an easy way to raise money for their favorite cause - if a major artist didn’t want to 

dip into his or her own bank account to make a charitable donation, they could easily market a small percent-

age of an older song, and raise a substantial donation very quickly from their fans, rights-buyers, and even 

brands. 

 

Vezt provides tracking and collection on all ownership interests through our blockchain smart contract techno 

ogy, which will allow a secure and transparent method for both artists and Vetz Token holders to receive their 

earnings as quickly as possible. 

 



VEZT 

 7 

5.0 How It Works 

 

 

 

Artists choose how much they’d like to raise from a fraction of their rights from one of their songs (for example, 

$10,000 for 10% of their songwriter rights), the reversion term (3. 5, 10 or in perpetuity), and set a date for the 

ISOTM (Initial Song Offering). 

 

Rights-buyers on the Vezt platform (including fans, music professionals and brands), buy the rights during the 

ISOTM, and the artist receives the funds credited to their account immediately.  

 

The song rights information is encoded on the Vezt blockchain and royalties are collected from Performing 

Rights Organizations (“PROs”)in 137 countries around the world, as well as through STEM.is which aggregates 

digital performance royalties from Spotify, iTunes, YouTube, Pandora, etc. Vezt registers the rights with PROs 

and digital platforms, and pays them through to artists and rights-buyers. 

 

 

 

http://stem.is/


VEZT 

 8 

6.0 Platform Features 

 

• Fractional song monetization for artists through Initial Song Offerings (ISOTM) 

 

We’re making it easy for artists to market as little as 1% of their song to rights-buyers. It’s not a catalog 

or an album, or even a song, it’s a fraction of a song - and artist can even choose reversion terms if they 

like. We’re also bringing back excitement and anticipation to a song release. We call it an “ISOTM” or Initial 

Song Offering, where artists can select the date and time they want their song offered -which focuses 

promotional and marketing efforts on a particular moment - increasing impact and urgency, which drives 

more interest and rights purchasing. Just like a ticket on-sale (“Jay Z tickets go on-sale Monday at  

10:00AM!”), popular song offerings may sell out in a matter minutes. 

 

• Social media sharing of both artist and rights-buyers’ activity and playlists 

 

We know that social networks amplify interest and results. Artists have thousands or even millions of 

fans. rights-buyers and brands do, too. We will boost demand by making sure news of offerings and 

rights purchases hit both artist and rights-buyers’ social networks, to maximize potential awareness and 

demand. We expect the emergence of tastemakers, who will understand how to identify potential hit 

songs and know how to drive right-buyer’s interest behind em. A “Warren Buffet” of music will emerge 

and benefit from those that follow a successful track record on the platform, by bringing financial interest 

to new and established songs. 

 

• Royalty tracking and collection in 137 countries around the world 

 

As important as it is to get the funds to the artists once an initial song offering is complete, it’s equally 

important to provide secure and transparent royalty tracking and collections once a song is released. 

Our platform incorporates blockchain “smart contract” technology to provide rights holders with the best 

possible tools for royalty administration around the world. We utilize STEM.is as our digital tracking and 

collections partner, with capabilities to track and collect from digital platforms such as YouTube, Spotify, 

Pandora, SoundExchange, etc. We also will utilize the traditional performing rights organizations to track 

and collect from international usages in 137 countries around the world. Our hope is that at some point, 

our blockchain capabilities will allow more direct tracking and collection in the near future. 

  

http://stem.is/


VEZT 

 9 

• Allows fans, rights-buyers and brands to participate across a wide variety of songs and playlists 

  

Never before has there been the opportunity for individuals or rights-buyers to literally buy directly into 

the music. In the film industry, it’s common (and necessary) for institutions like JP Morgan Chase put 

together a $300M fund to purchase across a tranche of film projects - $10M in this one, $25M in that 

one, etc. to diversify their risk and broaden their base. Nothing like this exists for music. There is currently 

no way for individuals, institutions or brands to buy directly into music. We seek to change this, and 

thereby open the floodgates to potentially billions of dollars that has been heretofore unavailable to art-

ists. The best analogy is to what occurred in the financial industry the late 1980s, where before, it was 

impossible for someone to buy a single share of stock - you had to be an “accredited” investor, have a 

large deposit in a brokerage account, and could only by in blocks of shares. Once eTrade and Charles 

Schwab opened up electronic trading accounts to the public, market demand grew exponentially to where 

we are today, where you can buy any single share of stock directly from your mobile device at almost no 

cost. 

  

 

• Technical Details 

 

 

 

 



VEZT 

 10 

Vezt blockchain framework uses enabling technologies in the cloud to store keys and manage identities com-

bined with emerging secure, confidential execution environments (enclaves) providing a better wallet manage-

ment. The platform is a compliant, confidential consortium of certified members and participants. This frame-

work will be the environment where blockchain-based smart contracts are constructed and executed. The Vezt 

marketplace is designed for fast, high volume transactions. 

1. An active song contract is initialized on the Vezt platform from a user touch point or calling application. 

 

2. Authorization keys required and defined in the smart song contract are requested, and are securely 

retrieved from key vault to form a unique keychain.  

 

3. The runtime requests an enclave be created as defined in the smart song contract. A smart song con-

tract can specify ownership rights, royalty calculations, payments, business logic and more. 

 

4. A user or a counter-party sends a message that is authenticated with the keychain. These serve as 

identity tokens and are embedded into the messages for verification. 

 

5. The message is then routed to an enclave performing the smart song contract logic execution. A new 

message based on the previous logic output is then persisted to the next block in the contract’s evolu-

tion and so on until completion. 

 

6. A signed message is attested by the secure runtime environment (SRE) and sent to the Transaction 

Builder and Router. 

 

7. The Vezt cloud chain accepts and processes the transaction and returns that transaction’s receipt to 

participants and the Vezt datacenter for verification and audit. 

 

8. In future releases, interoperability between private/consortium and public networks to verify Vezt trans-

actions will be possible. 

  



VEZT 

 11 

7.0 Vezt Token (VZT) Usage 

 

• Funds the buildout of the platform, including UX, UI, design, API and node builds and integration, in-

cluding all blockchain components 

 

We are working to complete our integration of the UX/UI (front end), with the middleware (blockchain) 

components and back end admin structure of our platform. We will also tie in with STEM.is’s platform 

and will build the necessary APIs to accomplish that, as well as other nodes for additional royalty pro-

viders to access our platform. 

 

• Funds the marketing of the platform, including global rollout and the on-boarding of key mainstream 

and developing artists and their fans, as well as members of the global brand and purchaser market 

 

Our platform is nothing without artists, and to that end, our goal is to onboard key artists as launch part-

ners into beta and then quickly open up the platform to domestic and international artists, once we 

work through the beta period. Scaling is critical, and as this is a new and disruptive global concept, we 

seek to roll out in as many countries as possible in a short timeframe. We’ve had artist and rights-buyer 

interest across the globe, and realize that music’s vast international appeal and audience must be ad-

dressed, along with brands and rights-buyers in each territory that are interested in both local and inter-

national artists and songs. The marketing and execution of our platform in these areas will require an 

execution strategy and structure that has a presence in key markets along with a customer service 

base that insures a smooth introduction of our platform.  

 

• VZT tokens can be used on the platform to purchase song IP, after the launch of the platform 

 

After the Token Generating Event is closed, the token audit is complete, and the platform is launched 

100% of each TGE purchaser’s tokens can be used on the platform to purchase song rights that are 

offered by artists. 

  



VEZT 

 12 

8.0 Our Team 

 

• CEO & Co-Founder - Steve Stewart - 25 years of music and new media industry experience, managed 

Grammy Award winning Stone Temple Pilots from their inception through their 5th album, and secured 20 

additional major label and publishing deals for artists 

 

• CFO & Co-Founder - Robert Menendez - 15 years of professional management experience on Wall St., 

including trading floor and hedge fund management, as well as running quantitative analysis teams in New 

York, San Francisco and Houston. Co-founded social network crowdcasting app, SURKUS 

 

• CTO - Josh Smith - Founder of Data Autrix, a data science and IP firm and Scripted, an entertainment 

based platform 

 

• CCO - Paul Novoa - Web and branding design for Disney, Chase Bank, MTV, Nickelodeon, Epson, and 

Mattel 

 

• UX/UI - Sam Oshin - award-winning creative director and digital strategist with over 10 years experience in 

brand, lifestyle and digital product launches, working with brands including Live Nation, Patagonia, Volcom, 

Ritz Carlton, Beats by Dre, Surfer Magazine, and Vans 

 

• Blockchain Architect - Jesse Brown - Built and launched a successful healthcare token generating event 

based on the Ethereum cryptocurrency in 2017, and was a blockchain enterprise consultant to Ford Motor 

Company, focused on immutable distributed ledger technologies and middleware design 

 

• Director of Communications - Michael Rubin - Handled corporate communications for Patientory and 

Redbox. 

 

• Legal - Peter Paterno - Attorney for Dr. Dre, Metallica & 30 Seconds To Mars (Jared Leto) Former head of 

Disney’s Hollywood Records 

 

• Legal - Larry Chu - Partner at Goodwin Proctor LLP, specializing in technology M&A and capital raises. 

Structured a $4.5M seed and an $8M A round for music digital distribution aggregator STEM.is 

 

• Legal - Bill Growney - Counsel at Goodwin Proctor LLP, previously in-house counsel for music digital music 

platforms Napster and Imeem 

 

• Legal - Grant Fondo - Partner at Goodwin Proctor, specializing in securities and ICO law 

http://stem.is/


VEZT 

 13 

• Legal - Mitzi Chang - Partner at Goodwin Proctor, specializing in securities and ICO law 

 

• Legal - Trish Rogers - Co-Chair of the Business Section of Moye White, LLP. Lead advisor to companies 

and investment funds structuring ICOs in the US and overseas 

  



VEZT 

 14 

9.0 Our Advisors 

 

 

• Jeff Blue - Producer, Lincoln Park, Hoobastank 

 

• Jim Guerinot - Former Manager, No Doubt, Trent Reznor, Offspring, Tony Hawk 

 

• Jon Pleeter - Head of Music, ICM Partners 

 

• Tom DeSavia - Former SVP ASCAP, SONGS Music Publishing 

 

• Tim Devine - Former Head of A&R, Capitol Records, Sony Records 

 

• Brian Klein - Manager, Guns N’ Roses, Fitz & The Tantrums 

 

• Micah Spruill - Cryptocurrency consultant Aurora Consulting, Particl.io  

  



VEZT 

 15 

10.0 Development Schedule Roadmap 

 

• Q3 2017 - Complete back-end and blockchain development and integration  

 

• Q4 2017 - Onboard and white-glove 3 artists through the platform, complete MVP 

 

• Q1 2018 - Beta launch, add selected artists and rights-buyers, product testing and improvements 

 

• Q2 2018 - Release platform to all artists and rights-buyers 

  



VEZT 

 16 

11.0 Key Token Generating Event (TGE) Technical Details 

 

• ERC20 Token (Ethereum-based) 

 

• Maximum hard cap of $15MM USD 

 

• Tokens are issued and transferable by buyers, after completion of the TGE and token audit 

 

• Escrow in an Ethereum multisig 3/4 wallet 

 

• Token name: Vezt 

 

• Token symbol: VZT 

 

• Token allocation:  

• 50% sold in Private & Public Token Generating Event 

• 35% held by Vezt Inc. for platform development 

• 10% reserved for partnerships, marketing & PR, etc. 

• 5% for Advisors & Consultants 

  



VEZT 

 17 

12.0 Project Funds Release And Use Of Funds 

 

• The public TGE (open to non-US purchasers only) is currently scheduled to commence on October 

20, 2017 at 0400 UTC. 

•  

• 100% of each TGE purchaser’s VZT tokens can used on the platform to purchase song IP, after the 

launch of the platform 

 

• Funds will be used to further software development (including back-end API and blockchain develop-

ment and integration, node development and integration), international expansion, marketing/busi-

ness development, legal /accounting, operational expenses and customer service costs 

  

34%

27%

13%

12%

8%
6%

Software Development

Marketing / Business Development

International Expansion

Operational Expenses

Legal / Accounting

Customer Service



VEZT 

 18 

13.0 Legal And Risk Disclaimer 

 

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED 
“DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY", “NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES", 
“REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU", “CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FOR-
WARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS", “NO ADVICE", “RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION 
AND DISSEMINATION", “NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION" AND “RISKS 
AND UNCERTAINTIES" CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION 
YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR 
OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). 
 
The Vezt Tokens (as defined in this White Paper) are consumptive use product permitting access to the products 
provided on the Vetz platform, and are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This White Paper 
does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of secu-
rities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. 
 
Blockchain, cryptocurrencies and other aspects of our technology and the underlying markets are in their infancy 
and will be subject to many challenges, competition and a changing environment. We will make our best efforts 
to update our community as things grow and change, but undertake no obligation to do so. 
 
This White Paper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to sell, or any solicitation of any 
offer by Vezt Inc. (“Vezt”) of the Vezt Tokens to purchase any Vezt Tokens nor shall it or any part of it nor the 
fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision. 
 
Vezt will deploy all proceeds of sale of the Vezt Tokens to fund Vezt’s businesses and operations, including 
continued development and marketing of the Vezt platform. No person is bound to enter into any contract or 
binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of the Vezt Tokens and no cryptocurrency or other 
form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this White Paper. 
 
Any agreement as between Vezt and you as a purchaser, and in relation to any sale and purchase, of Vezt 
Tokens is to be governed by only a separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the “T&Cs") of such 
agreement. In the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this White Paper, the former shall prevail. 
 
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this White Paper.  No such 
action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publica-
tion, distribution or dissemination of this White Paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory require-
ments or rules have been complied with. 
 
There are risks and uncertainties associated with Vezt and its business and operations, the Vezt Tokens, and 
the TGE. This White Paper describes the current vision for the Vezt platform. While we intend to attempt to realize 
this vision, please recognize that it is dependent on a variety of factors and subject to a number of risks. It is 
entirely possible that the Vezt platform will never be implemented or adopted, or that only a portion of the platform 
will be realized. 
 
Interested parties acknowledge that the Vezt platform, as described herein, may never in fact operate as in-
tended. Vezt Tokens are not for speculative investment and there is no promise of future performance. Vezt 



VEZT 

 19 

Tokens are not participation in the Vezt Inc., and Vezt Tokens hold no rights in Vezt. Vezt Tokens are sold as a 
functional good and all proceeds received by Vezt are the sole property of Vezt. The purchase of Vezt Tokens is 
intended for experts in dealing with cryptographic and blockchain-based software systems. 
 
This White Paper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any country where 
distribution or dissemination of this White Paper is prohibited or restricted. 
 
No part of this White Paper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this section and 
the following sections entitled “Disclaimer of Liability", “No Representations and Warranties", “Representations 
and Warranties By You", “Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking Statements", “No Advice", “Restrictions On 
Distribution and Dissemination", “No Offer of Securities Or Registration" and “Risks and Uncertainties". 

 
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY 
 
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Vezt shall not be liable for any 
indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but 
not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any 
acceptance of or reliance on this White Paper or any part thereof by you. 

 
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
Vezt does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in 
any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to 
the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in this White Paper. 

 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU 
 
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this White Paper or such part thereof (as the 
case may be), you represent and warrant to Vezt as follows: 
 

1. you agree and acknowledge that the Vezt Tokens do not constitute securities in any form in any jurisdic-
tion; 

 
2. you agree and acknowledge that this White Paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of 

any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities in any jurisdiction or a solicitation for 
investment in securities and you are not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment 
and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this White Paper;  

3. you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the information 
set out in this White Paper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements 
or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or dissemination of this White Paper to you 
does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with; 

 
4. you agree and acknowledge that this White Paper, the undertaking and/or the completion of the TGE, or 

future trading of the Vezt Tokens on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted 
or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of Vezt, the Vezt Tokens, and the TGE; 

 
5. the distribution or dissemination of this White Paper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or acceptance 

of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your 



VEZT 

 20 

jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you have observed and 
complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and without liability to Vezt; 

 
6. you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any Vezt Tokens, the Vezt 

Tokens are NOT to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as: 
 

a. any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency; 
 

b. (i) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (including, without limitation, 
Vezt); (ii) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares; (iii) units 
in a collective investment scheme; (iv) units in a business trust; (v) derivatives of units in a busi-
ness trust; or (vi) any other security or class of securities. 

 
7. you are fully aware of and understand that you are NOT eligible to purchase any Vezt Tokens if you are 

a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America and are NOT 
an accredited investor; 

 
8. you have a basic degree of understanding of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, 

cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart 
contract technology; 

 
9. you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any Vezt Tokens, there 

are risks associated with Vezt and its business and operations, the Vezt Tokens, and the TGE; 
 

10. you agree and acknowledge that Vezt is not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or 
other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income 
or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on 
this White Paper or any part thereof by you; and rights under a contract for differences or under any other 
contract the purpose or pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss; 

 
11. all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non- misleading from 

the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this White Paper or such part thereof (as the 
case may be). 

 
CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This White Paper may contain certain forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements as to 
future operating results and plans that involve risks and uncertainties. We use words such as "expects", "antici-
pates", "believes", "estimates", the negative of these terms and similar expressions to identify forward looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors 
which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Vezt to differ materially from any future 
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by those projected in the forward-looking statements 
for any reason. 
 
NO ADVICE 
 
No information in this White Paper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice regarding 
Vezt, the Vezt Tokens, and the TGE. You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional 
adviser regarding Vezt and its business and operations and the TGE. You should be aware that you may be 
required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of Vezt Tokens for an indefinite period of time. 



VEZT 

 21 

 
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION 
 
The distribution or dissemination of this White Paper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the 
laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you are to 
inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this White 
Paper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to Vezt. Persons to 
whom a copy of this White Paper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who otherwise 
have the White Paper in their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise 
distribute this White Paper or any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause 
the same to occur. 

 
NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION 
 
This White Paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute 
an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. No  person is bound to enter 
into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted 
on the basis of this White Paper. Any agreement in relation to any sale and purchase of Vezt Tokens (as referred 
to in this White Paper) is to be governed by only the T&Cs of such agreement and no other document. In the 
event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this White Paper, the former shall prevail. 
 
You are not eligible to purchase any Vezt Tokens in the TGE if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or 
green card holder of the United States of America. No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of 
the information set out in this White Paper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory 
requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this White Paper does 
not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with. 

 
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 
 
 
Prospective purchasers of Vezt Tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties asso-
ciated with Vezt, its businesses and operations, the Vezt Tokens, and the TGE, all information set out in this 
White Paper and the T&Cs prior to any purchase of Vezt Tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties develops 
into actual events, the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects Vezt could be materially 
and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the Vezt Tokens. 


