






















 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WHITEPAPER 

 

 

 

 

[January 20th 2018] 



 

Table of Contents 

 

Legal Disclaimer 4 

Enter Viewly. 8 

Problems with present platforms 9 

Demonetization and creator exploitation 9 

Pesky ads 9 

Expensive content delivery 10 

Advertising revenue above everything else 11 

Poor engagement between creators and fans 11 

Mass‐market preference 12 

Rampant ad fraud 12 

Flawed advertising based model 13 

Direct monetization 14 

A place where communities thrive 15 

First decentralized video platform 16 

Content monetization models 17 

Vote-based Tipping 17 

How does it work? 18 

Gamification and status symbols 18 

Recurring patronage 18 

Selling access to the content 18 

Value-added economy 19 

Creator-delivered endorsements 19 

Market landscape 21 

VIEW Token Utility 23 

Disclaimer 24 

Token Sales 26 

Content Creators 26 



 

Supporters 26 

Bounties 26 

Team and Founders 26 

Leftover tokens 26 

The DAO and its Treasury 27 

Token sale details 28 

Token sale contribution phases 29 

Whitelisting 29 

Pre-sale 30 

Public token sale 30 

Advisors 36 

Content creators 39 

Hosting Marketplace 39 

Publicly available, fully transparent data 40 

Opt-In Telemetry 40 

CDN Network 40 

Proof of Storage 41 

Optimizing CDN network topology 43 

References 48 
 

 

   



 

Legal Disclaimer 
 

This Whitepaper is not an offer, inducement or an invitation to purchase Tokens. 

This Whitepaper, nor any of its contents, is to be taken as a form of commitment for Viewly to 
proceed with any offerings or transactions. 

The information in this Whitepaper is solely for informational purposes and has not been 
independently verified. All information contained is subject to updating, completion, revision and 
further amendment. 

Viewly has no obligation to provide access to any additional information to update this 
Whitepaper or to correct any inaccuracies within this Whitepaper. 

No securities regulatory authority in the USA, Canada or elsewhere has reviewed this 
Whitepaper. 

This Whitepaper contains statements, beliefs and opinions which are forward-looking 
information. Such information contains a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties 
and assumptions concerning Viewly’s business that could cause actual results to differ 
materially than those expressed or implied. 

Viewly Inc. is a Federal Canadian corporation with headquarters in Calgary, Alberta, Suite 4300, 
888 - 3rd Street S.W., Calgary AB T2P 5C5. Majority of the Board is located in Slovenia, European 
Union. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 

Some of the greatest achievements in the arts and science of human history were made 
possible by the patronage of wealthy institutions and families. Nowadays, cultural expression 
has shifted to digital content distributed on the web. The majority of web content platforms are 
using an advertising-based revenue model which makes creators dependent on advertising 
dollars controlled by a few large corporations. One such platform is YouTube, a monopolist 
among web video platforms. 

Centralized and advertising-based platforms have total control and put maximization of ad 
revenue above everything else. Unfortunately, this is not in the best interest of all other parties 
and leads to the following problems: viewers are bombarded with ads and manipulated into fast 
content consumption and creators receive only a fraction of revenue from value they create. 
Struggling to sustain on ad revenue alone, creators are pushed into mass-consumer market. 
They have few opportunities to engage with fans and grow their community when binge 
consumption is inherently promoted. Furthermore, advertising businesses lose out due to 
inefficiencies in reach and rampant ad fraud.  

The ad-based business model exhibits inherently misaligned incentives between viewers, 
creators, and advertisers. It disproportionately profits the middlemen and it is the source of 
problems described above. Even incumbent platforms aren’t motivated to fix it as it would 
directly undercut their revenues. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

We believe that there is a better way to monetize content and 
promote content creators. 

 

That’s why we are building Viewly, a social video platform: 

● Without pesky ads, where users’ privacy is respected. 

● Where communities thrive and engagement between fans and creators is highly 
encouraged. 

● Where creators with small, medium, or large-sized audiences can sustain themselves 
through modern monetisation: a combination of frictionless micro-payments, fan 
patronage, sponsored endorsements and commerce. 

● Where businesses can improve advertising efficiency and lower costs by skipping the 
middlemen and sponsoring creators and supporting their communities directly. 

 

Viewly is a decentralized video platform powered by blockchain and peer-to-peer video sharing 
technologies. ​Run by the people, for the people​. 

 

 

 

 

   



 

INTRODUCTION 
 

Viewly is a next generation video platform, leveraging new technology for a 
design that better serves both viewers and creators. 

 

The history of cultural creation and its reward has seen phase shifts which ingeniously solve 
problems of the past while creating new ones. In the mid-19​th​ century, commissions for both 
artistic and scientific works began to shift from the old patronage model, which had arisen in 
aristocratic societies. While patronage funded many great works which still stand the test of 
time, the opportunity to shape the culture remained only in the hands of a wealthy few. 

The shift into the mass consumer age effectively diffused patronage across society to all with 
even a little disposable income. Cultural consumption became focused upon the novel, theater, 
cinema, television and, today, the Internet. This heralded a great democratization of culture and 
a shift of values. However, it can be argued that the power of the mass market came at a price.  

The patronage model funded some of the finest works of art, literature and scientific discovery 
in human history by liberating creators to produce great work, where lofty endeavors could soar 
without commercial pressures and corrupting enticements. The new commercial age, it can be 
argued, brought a crass commercialism, the triumph of pop culture, and a dependence on 
advertising that could often shackle and drown out the artist’s message. 

The modern online digital era has brought a new proliferation of free content and the largest 
audiences in history. However, we should here remember the old adage, “If you’re not paying, 
you’re what’s being sold.” Revenue generated by digital content creators is, for the most part, 
dependent on advertising dollars and controlled by a few large enterprises. Web users have 
become accustomed to ad‐supported sites and services, which increasingly comes with the 
surrendering of personal data. This helps large networks profile users in order to serve them 
more “relevant” ads, as determined by advertisers.  

Google, YouTube and Facebook, the three most popular websites in the world, all rely upon this 
ad‐based business model.  

 

 



 

There is a growing awareness and dissatisfaction with the flaws 
inherent in the ad-based model:  

● the model increasingly results in the bombarding of viewers with ads,  

● viewers are manipulated into fast content consumption, 

● creators receive only a fraction of revenue from the value they create, 

● advertisers also lose due to inefficiencies in reach and ad‐fraud. 

Enter Viewly. 
The Viewly model is able to integrate strengths and lessons from the best models in history, 
thanks to the combination of new technology – specifically, peer-to-peer data sharing, 
blockchain technology and smart contracts.  

Viewly has innovated a platform that enables the supporting of all creators, those with 
audiences from the largest to the smallest, through a combination of vote-based tipping, 
patronage-style recurring payments, business sponsored endorsements, and more. Features 
include: 

● creators can be supported by their audience directly, 

● no need to obsessively track the audience,  

● no need to manipulate how the audience consumes the content; 

● ad free. 

Eras arrive and depart more rapidly in the modern digital age. Dissatisfaction is more quickly 
recognized, technology synthesized, and solutions innovated.  

The social video platform is already due for an update.  

The stage is set for Viewly​. 

 
 
   



 

Problems with present platforms  
 

 

 
Demonetization and creator exploitation 
Most creators struggle to build and sustain sufficient ad revenue, receiving only a small portion 
of the value they create. Additionally, even if they do manage to build a significant following, 
creators remain forever at the mercy of the platform on which their work is hosted which can 
demonetize their content overnight due to wholly arbitrary decisions. Suddenly, creators can 
find their income slashed or eradicated. 

YouTube recently (Jan 2018) changed their eligibility thresholds for monetization, giving 
affected channels just 30 days to surpass the new levels or be demonetized. Under the new 
rules, only channels with more than 4,000 hours of watchtime within the past 12 months and 
more than 1,000 subscribers are eligible for monetization. 

 

Viewly takes only a symbolic cut from creator earnings and does not demonetize. 

 

 

 



 

 

 
Pesky ads  
Nobody really likes watching ads. Their production has become a fine art in itself just to catch 
our attention. But, where there’s a choice, audiences will skip them. Ad-based platforms distract 
us and promote binge watching in order to increase their revenue. Viewer experience and 
privacy are compromised for the sake of the platform’s ad-based model. 

There are no official stats on click‐through rates (CTR) of video ads on platforms such as 
YouTube, but estimates range from just 1 to 3% [26]. This is an extremely high price to pay by 
viewers as a whole. 

 

Viewly doesn’t serve ads. Viewly aims to be ad free, removing incentives to track 
users and manipulate attention. Instead, meaningful engagement and community 
building between creators and fans is facilitated.

 

 

 

Expensive content delivery 
The primary cost of present video platforms is global content delivery, which is unfairly passed 
on to creators. Under this model, creators pay hosting and storage for all the content, including 
content not creating value.  

This model of centralized repositories for content now seems outdated in an increasingly 
decentralized and networked world. 



 

 

Viewly not only reduces cost of video delivery by using a peer-to-peer content 
delivery network, but also enables users to earn VIEW tokens by leveraging their 
redundant resources and hosting videos. 

 

 

 

Advertising revenue above everything else 
Under the present system, great ingenuity has been set to work to develop machine learning 
algorithms to manipulate audience attention and maximize ad revenues. While advertising 
revenue is optimized, viewing experience is sacrificed. Click bait is employed to manipulate the 
audience into consuming more content than their natural interest would dictate, so as more ads 
can be consumed. This engenders a pressure upon content creation to appeal to lowest 
common denominator interests that capture the most attention. 

There is less opportunity for deeper discovery, community building and bonding with the 
audience.  

Viewers are being pushed around and force‐fed content to be quickly consumed. Binge content 
consumption is promoted and quality content creators are treated as a commodity. 

 

Viewly monetizes without advertising, in a way synchronized with the interests of 
content creators and their viewers – however diverse, for audiences of any size. 
We use nuanced machine learning that caters to the true interests of viewers. 

 



 

 
Poor engagement between creators and fans 
As already mentioned, the drive to maximize ad‐revenue comes at a great cost. One method of 
dumbing down of content occurs via the exploitation of the dopamine reward circuit of the 
human brain. The fast delivery of diverse novelty triggers dopamine release, which increases 
total time spent on the platform and ultimately ad impressions and clicks.  

Such platforms employ devious ingenuity to effectively hack human vulnerability and keep 
attention locked in for as long as possible. We are now learning of the personal and social cost 
of this kidnapping of attention. Users are complaining of growing dissatisfaction in hand with 
social media addiction they nevertheless cannot break. Engineers who designed these 
mechanisms are breaking rank to regretfully speak of designing such exploitative systems. For 
creators with a broader scope of ambition, such methods are also a poor foundation for the 
building of communities around their work. 

Complaints also abound around the quality of commenting systems on established platforms. 
We speculate that their commenting systems may be deficient on purpose. After all, time spent 
in discussion means less time consuming ads. Stopping to participate in discussion will also 
break a video binge, and once more this means less ad consumption. 

Current commenting systems do not provide an easy or consistent way of building a community 
for creators. This makes it difficult to identify genuine and active fans. From the audience’s side, 
fans can’t increase their reputation, because their valuable comments are dampened by random 
website links and spam. 

 

With Viewly, every creator has a platform to build their community. Our model 
stimulates the development of content with true quality and meaningful 
community interactions. The Viewly economic model thrives with positive 
community building. 

 
 



 

 
 
Mass‐market preference 
Ad‐supported platforms are only a viable solution for creators who target a mass‐consumer 

market, equating to only the most popular 5‐10% of YouTube creators making a living.  

Many of the other 90-95% of creators produce highly valued work, yet too many fall foul of the 
present system and miss out. 

An exceedingly large proportion of advertising revenue is taken by middlemen – the video 
platforms, ad and content networks. For example, YouTube takes a hefty 45% cut of ad revenue 
earned by content. 

creators. Creators with near-sustainable medium‐sized audiences are incentivized to produce 
more mass‐market oriented content. While this might work for certain types of content, it tends 
to incentivize lower quality production. 

 

Viewly’s video monetization models are especially suited to niche and quality 
content creators with medium to small sized audiences, which otherwise lose out 
on ad-based legacy platforms. 

 

 
Rampant ad fraud 
Various independent reports estimate that ad fraud (advertising revenue earned via use of 
botnets that “watch” videos and click ads) is as high as 50%, costing businesses billions of 
dollars. Unsurprisingly, advertising platforms generally don’t publicly disclose the extent of the 
fraud.  

Ad fraud is an incredibly hard problem to solve as detection technology attempts to outfox ever 
evolving fraud technology. Additionally, solving the problem tends not to be a high priority of the 
platforms as it would deeply undercut their revenues. 

 



 

 

Viewly’s modern approach to content monetization circumvents this problem. 
The opportunity now exists to pioneer new approaches to online value creation. 

 

 
Flawed advertising based model 
As can be seen, the ad based model is deeply problematic and dated. Centralized platforms that 
use it hoard the power and are able subordinate all to the maximization of ad‐revenue. This 
unbalanced system serves these platforms at the expense of viewers, creators and even 
advertisers. 

As incentives in the advertising model are inherently misaligned, when a platform optimizes for 
ad revenues, all other stakeholders lose: 

● viewers are bombarded with ads, 

● quality of content suffers, 

● creators receive only a fraction of revenue from the value they create, 

● advertisers lose due to inefficiencies in reach and ad fraud. 

   



 

VIEWLY VIDEO PLATFORM 
 

Viewly is a social video platform with a smart contract-based monetization 
system, enabling the transcending of the advertising-based model. This model is 
designed to better provide sustainable revenue for all creators, not just 
mainstream content producers. 

  

Viewly also employs peer‐to‐peer video sharing technologies to establish a truly decentralized 
platform befitting the dawning of the blockchain era. 

 

 

 

Direct monetization 
The traditional advertising model has previously worked well for mainstream content that 
captures millions of impressions. But the model falls far short for most, particularly high-quality 
creators with modest audiences.  

Viewly’s solution seeks to better incorporate this group- the majority of creators (the mid tails of 
the distribution), enabling them to build greater audience engagement, while also earning far 
more than under the ad-based model. 

The Viewly patronage model enables content creators to directly receive support from their 
fans, freed from such metrics as views, watch‐time, and likes. With Viewly, fans gain control. 
They can choose to support content creators via small one‐time donations, recurring 



 

micro‐payments based on newly published content, or periodic quota‐based micro‐payments to 
favorite categories and channels.  

These frictionless micro‐payments are made possible by the power of blockchain transactions, 
seamlessly integrated into the Viewly platform. Effectively, any kind of monetization idea will be 
possible, as business logic is programmable via smart contracts. As all payments and 
transactions also take place through smart contracts, trust is automated, eliminating the cost 
and risks incurred when using third parties. 

A place where communities thrive 

 

 

Viewly represents the next generation of video platform, leveraging new technology to enable 
innovative design that better serves creators and their audience.  

With the outdated, ad‐based model removed, the need to optimize for ad‐revenue is also 
removed. Cynical measures, such as the manipulation of view count, are not in the best interest 
of viewers or creators. Better design enables networks and communities to thrive, with more 
benefits for more participants than in previous generations. 

Viewly enables creators to build a community of fans and converse with them in new and 
unique ways, empowering fans to support their favorite artists and directly influence the content 
creation process.  

Viewly users have flexibility in how they chose to support content creators and become their 
patrons. In return, creators can set up multiple membership levels with various benefits, such as 
access to limited content, private chats discussing ideas for upcoming content, being featured 
in content, etc.  

As rewards are customizable within the platform, the possibilities are endless and only depend 
on the ingenuity of content creators and their engagement with their audience. Furthermore, 



 

there will be rewards for the biggest contributors in each category, ranging from special badges 
to influencing future content. 

Creators publishing on Viewly will be able to invite sponsors and accept sponsorship deals. 
Unlike algorithms that feed users with irrelevant ads, these opportunities will be selected at the 
creator’s discretion in order to provide value to their community. Unlike ads which can interrupt 
flow, they will be integrated into the content by the creator, enhancing it and providing value. 

 

 
   



 

First decentralized video platform 
 

 

Viewly is an entirely decentralized platform enabled by two foundational pieces:  

1. peer‐to‐peer hosting network, and 

2. smart contract‐based transactions on the blockchain.  

 

A non‐governing user‐facing web application that connects to this backbone will initially be 
implemented in traditional web architecture in order to lower barriers to adoption and accelerate 
growth. A decentralized version of the frontend application will also be built, but it will remain a 
secondary option until the DAPP technology stack matures and is suitable for large scale 
mass‐market adoption. 

Transaction processing through smart contracts provides the framework for all interactions on 
the platform, including donations, micro‐payments, sponsoring agreements, access level to 
limited content, etc. It has all the intrinsic qualities of blockchain systems, like immutability and 
transparency. The blockchain application also serves as a reward synchronization and 
enforcement layer for the peer‐to‐peer hosting. 

Decentralized hosting networks are also a crucial piece of the Viewly platform. Since creators 
have to pay hosting providers for long‐term storage of videos, it also serves as a content quality 
filter: creators are incentivised to remove early, or to not even publish low‐value videos in the 
first place. 

Furthermore, a decentralized architecture provides natural anti‐fragility of the system. It is 
censorship resistant and much harder to be taken down by intervention of corrupt governments 
or by attacks of malicious hackers. 

 



 

Content monetization models 
In this section, we propose three models which respect user privacy, require no 
middlemen, and encourage the formation of positive, self‐organizing 
communities. 

 

 

Vote-based Tipping 
Many people are naturally motivated to support their favorite creators. This support can be 
facilitated and further fostered via gamification, with incorporated special perks for supporters.  

Our model provides a solid baseline mechanism to deal with rewards in a content abundant 
ecosystem. Via this mechanism, users are able to support multiple creators at once, without the 
mental overhead attached to traditional micropayments. 

To establish such a system, we have developed a frictionless voting based micropayment 
model, in part influenced by the highly successful Patreon model and the voting model of 
Steem.  

How does it work? 

Each user has their own donation pool in the form of a virtual wallet. Based upon the user’s 
upvoting patterns, this pool is automatically distributed to creators on a pro rata basis. 



 

Gamification and status symbols 

One potential way of gamifying support for creators is to add flares, perks, and other reward 
mechanisms which can be awarded to supporters. Contributions can also be quantified to 
increase their visibility to the creator and the wider the community. For example, social 
networks like Reddit rank comments by net upvotes. This system however strongly favors 
comments that come in first and get the first upvotes, pushing the rest of the conversation into 
obscurity.  

Instead of favoring submission time, we can rank comments by the net size of a commenter’s 
contributions to the creator and leverage community input (votes) to amplify the best replies, as 
well as filter spam. 

Recurring patronage 
Some creators may choose to create special content for their most loyal fans, accessed when a 
sufficient and recurring monthly pledge has been setup. The recurring pledge model is also 
extensible to other forms of value exchange. 

Selling access to the content 

We believe that direct content sales are a sub-optimal monetization strategy. Such a strategy 
adds overhead; additionally, in this era, most consumers prefer to avoid the extra hassle of 
making a payment to watch a single video.  

Companies like Netflix and Spotify have popularized the subscription model which grants 
access to entire catalogs of content. Humble Indie Bundle also pioneered a “pay what you want” 
model, where any amount above a minimum threshold grants access. 

We believe that we can apply these principles to the patronage model. Fans can pledge any 
amount of tokens on a monthly basis to their favorite creators, and if the pledge surpasses the 
threshold set by the content creator (e.g.: $5 per month worth of View tokens), access to special 
content, and perhaps, say, the creator’s inner circle, is unlocked. 

Value-added economy 

While content is abundant, services, merchandise and other products are less so. With Viewly, 
content creators could create Kickstarter-like packages as up‐sells to their most loyal fans. For 



 

example, a fitness and bio‐hacking channel might create its own food supplement or nootropic 
which they could distribute to fans in exchange for a monthly pledge. 

In the future, we could expand these marketplace features to solve additional problems, such as 
crowdsourcing services. Content creators could hire editors, designers, writers and so on, 
through the network itself, paying for work completed in the native coin. The escrow model from 
sponsorships can be applied here as well. 

Creator-delivered endorsements 
While the patronage model is the purest form of value exchange – with near perfectly aligned 
incentives and an honest feedback loop,  many creators today do depend on sponsorships. We 
would therefore like to provide a sponsorship option and encourage creators to foster such 
opportunities based on their understanding of, and alignment with, their audience.  

We assume there will be a better alignment of values between sponsors, creators and viewers 
when a creator also creates the endorsement, since creators need to maintain a good 
relationship with their audience while simultaneously satisfying the demands of the sponsor. 

The Viewly blockchain application will offer an on‐chain escrow service (smart contract), that 
sponsors and creators can utilize once pricing structure and deliverables are agreed. After both 
parties have delivered on their commitments, the transaction is executed. The service will also 
be used for dispute resolution, to mediate re‐negotiation for delivery of additional work, as well 
as offer options for a partial or full refund. If disputes escalate, a trusted (elected) third party will 
be used as an arbitrator. The process will be fully transparent and open to community feedback. 

 
 

 
 



 

Market landscape 
 

According to research firm Frost and Sullivan, the online video platform market will generate 
more than 800 million USD in revenue by 2019 and it is estimated to grow at a compounded 
annual growth rate of 14.88% by 2020, according to Research and Markets. As for the market 
value of the online video platform market, YouTube holds a 74% market share and is estimated 
to be worth in excess of 90 billion USD [9], yielding the total market value of online video 
platform companies at 122 billion USD. The next largest platform by market share is Vimeo, 
which holds 15% of the market. Together YouTube and Vimeo hold just shy of 90% of the total 
video platform market. 

 

 

 

However, the majority of the current traditional platforms limit the monetization options 
available for content creators. By doing so, platforms also limit the kind of content that works 
on such platforms. For example, ad-based platforms works best for the mainstream and viral 
content, whereas niche content creators struggle to make a living on such platforms. 

When analyzing the video platforms market, we believe that the platforms should be measured 
by two parameters: (1) breadth of monetization options and (2) the size of the cut that the 
platform takes for itself. If we look at the popular video platforms such as YouTube and Vimeo, 
we can observe that they take a substantial cut of advertising revenues. YouTube’s recent 
moves into providing more monetization options only proves that we are heading in the right 
direction for better supporting content creators. Patreon promotes patronage-style recurring 
revenue options that are desired by most content creators. However, recent findings have 
shown that revenues of the content creators on Patreon are rather meager.  

What all of the aforementioned platforms have in common are high percentage cuts that they 
take from content creators. Blockchain and smart contracts, cryptocurrencies and DAO 
governance style enables projects like Viewly to strive for very low cut- a cut that more 
accurately matches the content delivery costs. 



 

 

As shown in the graphic below, most traditional online video platforms limit the monetization 
options and take a significantly high cut of the revenue. 

 
 

 
   



 

THE VIEW TOKEN 
 

These are our views and expectations on how the platform would use VIEW token. VIEW 
token will be used as a payment mechanism. Stakeholders, i.e. viewers and content 
creators,  will need to hold certain amounts of tokens to ensure access to certain 
platform functionalities. 

 

 

 

VIEW Token Utility 
As already mentioned earlier, there are several monetization mechanisms in plan for content 
creators. Regardless of the monetization mechanism favored by the individual content creator, 
he will receive the payment in VIEW tokens.  

On the other hand, content creators will use some of their VIEW tokens to pay CDNs for their 
services.  

The platform will require the CDNs to keep some VIEW tokens as a deposit to ensure the quality 
of services. Similarly, content creators will need to keep some amount of  tokens proportional to 
the number of their videos (e.g. 10 VIEW tokens per video) and viewers will need some amount 
of tokens if they want to actively participate, like upvote videos etc. 

 



 

Disclaimer 
VIEW tokens are functional utility tokens within the Viewly platform. VIEW tokens are not 
securities. VIEW tokens are non-refundable. VIEW tokens are not for speculative investment. No 
promises of future performance or value are or will be made with respect to VIEW, including no 
promise of inherent value, no promise of continuing payments, and no guarantee that VIEW will 
hold any particular value. VIEW tokens are not participation in the Company and VIEW tokens 
hold no rights in said company. VIEW tokens are sold as a functional good and all proceeds 
received by Company may be spent freely by Company absent any conditions. 

 

 

 
   



 

VIEWLY TOKEN SALE 
 

A participant in the token sale represents that it is acquiring such tokens without a view 
to distribute or resale and understands that the Tokens have no guarantee that they will 
be freely transferable. There is no active trading market for the tokens being offered and 
it is possible no market may develop in the foreseeable future for such tokens. 

You should only participate if you are able to bear the risk of the entire loss of your 
participation and have no need for immediate liquidity. 

Ownership of a VIEW token carries no rights express or implied other than a limited right 
to use the Token and digital means to exchange the Token in Viewly’s marketplace. 

 

 



 

Token Sales 
50% of the tokens are available for sale. 10% of the tokens have already been sold in the seed 
sale in October of 2017. 30% of the tokens are to be sold in the main token sale (February 
2018). The remaining 10% are reserved for future sales.  

Content Creators 
20% of the token supply will be used to incentivize content creators to switch to Viewly and 
bring their existing audiences. This will be done through the curation/engagement game in a 
form of geometric rewards. 

Supporters 
9% of the token supply is to be used as incentives alignment mechanism for strategic partners, 
influencers and advisors. 

Bounties 
3% of the tokens will be used to reward our most dedicated community members for various 
contributions to the project. 

Team and Founders 
18% of the token supply is reserved for the core contributors. These tokens shall be distributed 
on a meritocratic basis to individuals that contribute significant value to the project. Up to 4% of 
the tokens are being vested to the Founding team over a 25-month period, based on the monthly 
performance evaluation 

Leftover tokens 
Tokens are minted on a Just-in-Time basis. Unsold tokens may be minted in the future for the 
purposes of DAO. 



 

The DAO and its Treasury 
Blockchain governance and DAOs are fairly novel concepts. If Viewly converges on a full-DAO 
model, all unminted tokens from the sale and distribution contract shall be minted into a DAO 
controlled Treasury. The max supply of VIEW tokens is capped at 100 million. 

 

   



 

Token sale details 

 

* we will publish the exact ETH amounts a few days prior to the token sale 



 

Token sale contribution phases 

 

 

   



 

Whitelisting  

Whitelisting is the process of establishing KYC (Know-Your-Customer) and confirming your ETH 
wallet address to be able to take part in presale and crowdsale contribution phases. 

Whitelisting will is done through the standardised KYC / AML solution IdentityMind Global 
(​http://www.identitymindglobal.com​). The solution does a KYC check, that among other seeks 
to confirm identity of an contributor and seeks proof-of-address. Besides the KYC solution also 
does AML checks against several databases to establish clean origin of the funds contributed 
to the Viewly token sale.  

Only the Whitelisted individuals will have an option to contribute.  

Pre-sale 

Participating are assuming risks in their contribution per their local laws, and should be aware 
of the local laws in their jurisdiction for investing in crypto-tokens. 

A presale for large and strategically aligned contributors opens on February 1st. The minimum 
participation threshold is 100 ETH, and the maximum bonus is 25%. Contributors above the 100 
ETH threshold will be invited to do a Skype call with the team to confirm strategic alignment 
with the project. 

A proportion of tokens will be reserved for people who whitelist before the February 20th.  These 
tokens will be available to whitelisted contributors on a first come first served base starting 
February 20th (2 days before the public sale). The minimum participation threshold is 5 ETH. 
Contributors participating in this pre-sale will receive an early bird bonus of 5%. 

If you’re interested in participating in the presale, visit ​https://view.ly​.  

Public token sale 

Participating are assuming risks in their contribution per their local laws, and should be aware 
of the local laws in their jurisdiction for investing in crypto-tokens. 

The crowdsale will start on February 22nd. It will run until the total hard cap of $12 million has 
been reached or until 22nd of March. This sale will be done without discounts. 

The minimum crowdsale participation threshold is 1 ETH. 

VIEW Tokens will be “unlocked” after the token sale finishes. 

http://www.identitymindglobal.com/
https://view.ly/


 

ROADMAP 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 

August 2017: Viewly Alpha 
In August 2017, we delivered Viewly Alpha, essentially a "proof of technology" 
prototype. Viewly Alpha is based on Steem blockchain and IPFS technology. 
 
 
October 2017: Seed token sale 
In October, we successfully finished the seed token sale with limited number of early 
community and contributors. 
 
 
November 2017: Team Expansion 
November was a busy month as we grew our team by recruiting top talent across all 
fields, including experienced developers, advisors, marketing managers, and 
community experts. 
 
 
December 2017: Brand and Website Refresh 
In December, we worked on rebranding and refreshing our core materials including our 
value proposition as well as our website. 
 
 
February 2018: Demo platform 
In February, we anticipate releasing demo platform that will enable viewers to use 
tokens to reward their favourite content creators and allow early creators community 
to begin earning VIEW tokens for their content. 
 
 
February 2018: Token Sale 
Our main token sale event is set to begin in February. Details about the token sale will 
be announced soon. The funds raised in the sale will allow us to achieve many key 
objectives including implementing new features, scaling our platform, participating in 
marketing and influencer outreach efforts, and growing our organization as needed. 
 
 
 
Mid-2018: More features and creator onboarding 
In 2018, our goal is to work closely with quality content creators and viewer 
community to bring them on board of Viewly and develop more features to support 
amazing viewing experience. 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
End of 2018: Viewly CDN 
By the end of this year, we plan to roll out our own content delivery network (CDN) that 
would be scalable enough to support the growing Viewly platform. 
 
 
End of 2019: Viewly P2P CDN 
By the end of 2019, we plan to complement Viewly CDN with peer-to-peer CDN 
network that will allow people with spare storage and bandwidth capacity to 
participate in the content delivery- and be compensated for their participation of 
course. 
 
 
End of 2019: DAO 
By the end of 2019, we will have started the gradual transition into a fully fledged DAO, 
which is our end goal. 

 

Please note that roadmap and activities assumes that the token sale hits the 12.000.000$ 
contribution milestone. 

 

 

 
   



 

TEAM 
 

 

Stefan Furlan 
Business & Organization 

Stefan was the founder, partner or director of several startups in data 
science, analytics and blockchain space, including Dodona Analytics, 
Unblock Technology, Behaviour Exchange and Optilab. Stefan holds a PhD 
in computer science from the University of Ljubljana. 

 

 

David Waslen 
Business & Legal 

A corporate finance, governance and structuring specialist with economics 
and engineering degrees from Dartmouth College as well as an MBA from 
London Business School, Dave will be providing executive management 
and business operations expertise. 

 

 

Uros Jurglic 
Product & Development 

A senior software engineer with startup skills, Uros has worked for 
international companies like Scholastic and HoneycombTV, as well as 
founded several startups. He was the co-founding CTO of Printbox, the 
biggest print kiosk network in Europe. Uros holds a BS in computer science 
from the University of Ljubljana. 

 

 



 

 

Denko Mancheski 
Product & Development 

An experienced software engineer, Denko brings video development 
experience into the team. Before joining Viewly, he was a senior software 
engineer and project lead in Vertex, a video broadcast solution company, 
and Adel, a blockchain incubator. 

 

 

Furion 

Development 

An experienced software engineer, Furion brings blockchain development 
experience into the team. Before joining Viewly, Furion was a community 
developer who contributed to Steem's ecosystem and Steemit platform. 

 

 

Jure Koren 

Infrastructure & Development 

Jure has spent over a decade as IT infrastructure engineer working for 
various clients, including global ad-tech leader Zemanta. He served both 
as a developer and a systems administrator, mainly focusing on high 
availability and scaling solutions. 

 

 

Romina Kavcic 

Design Strategist 

Romina has over a decade of design experience working with startups as 
well as with larger institutions developing prototypes, designing products 
and brands. Her broad experience includes working with companies 
around the globe, such as Xamarin, Zemanta and Chipolo, Stellar, Outfit7, 
Databox, and more. Romina holds an MBA. 



 

 

 

Munly Leong 

Marketing 

Before joining Viewly, Munly helped two notable crypto projects: Enjin and 
Etherparty. He's also a passionate game developer, filmmaker and 
entrepreneur. Munly holds a software engineering degree from University 
of Advancing Technology. 

 

 

Tudor Ozy 

Community Management 

With a Bachelor's Degree in Engineering Industrial IT from Politehnica 
University Timisoara in Romania and a professional background in 
software engineering, Tudor is passionate about building Viewly 
community. Additionally, he is an excellent listener and strives to assist 
community members in any way possible. 

 

 

Marko Stojkoski 

Community Management 

Marko is an account management professional who prides himself on 
delivering outstanding one-to-one service. After studying Informatics and 
Communication Technologies at the University Kliment Ohridski — Bitola, 
Marko put his skills to use by embarking on a career working as a 
community manager as well as managing sales and operations for retail 
and online market spaces. 

 

 



 

 

Zoe Zorka 

Lead Technical and Content Writer and Editor 

Zoe brings almost a decade of experience as a technical and content 
writer to Viewly. She has worked for Upside Group Franchise Consulting 
for over five years as well as participated on several startup teams 
including Buildzoom and MediaLab. Additionally, she has written for CNN, 
Newsweek, and other publications. She is the current editor of 
#Herspiration Magazine. She holds a PhD in Business Administration. 

Advisors 
 

 

Charlie Shrem 

Business & Cryptocurrencies 

Charlie is most known for founding BitInstant, one of the earliest and most 
high-profile Bitcoin companies for facilitating Bitcoin retail transactions. Charlie 
currently serves as Jaxx’s Chief Operating Officer. Prior to this role, Charlie served 
in a similar capacity at Decentral Toronto and Business Development at Payza. 
Charlie also founded the Bitcoin Foundation, a non-profit to standardize and 
advocate for Bitcoin in 2012 and served as its vice-Chairman in 2014. 

 

 

Vasja Zupan 

Cryptocurrencies & Media Strategy 

Vasja Zupan is the COO at Bitstamp, the EU’s first fully licensed digital 
currency exchange. Prior to this, Vasja spent 11 years at Central European 
Media Enterprises, the leading NASDAQ-listed CEE broadcaster, where he 
was the Joint Head of the Internet Division. Under his supervision, CME 
built a series of leading regional news and TV content related websites in 
the Czech Republic, Croatia, Slovenia, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Romania and 
Ukraine. 



 

 

 

Bob Chandra 

Product & Marketing 

Bob Chandra is a product and marketing specialist, having spent 17 years 
in high-tech. His most recent role was with Amazon.com, where he served 
as a senior manager responsible for North American operations for the 
largest marketing channel online as measured by revenue. Prior to that, he 
managed a team of marketers and engineers at @WalmartLabs, driving 
innovation in Walmart.com's product discovery experience. Earlier, 
Chandra joined Twitter's Growth unit where he built Twitter's first organic 
search marketing analytics. 

 

 

Shane Luis 

Multimedia & Content 

Shane is an entertainment multimedia specialist and is highly skilled in 
search engine optimization, branding, marketing, and advertising 
strategies. Shane is a founding member of Screenwave Media, one of the 
largest YouTube MCNs in the world. He is also the creator and host of the 
video series Rerez, which features his encyclopedic knowledge of the 
gaming industry. He brings first hand knowledge of what successful video 
producers look for in video distribution platforms. 

 

 

Pon Kattera 

Design & Branding 

Pon specializes in design, user experience, and prototyping. Formerly a 
Design Director at companies such as R/GA New York and Warby Parker. 
Pon also has a degree in Commerce and Information Technology from The 
Australian National University. 



 

DECENTRALIZED STORAGE AND 
CONTENT DELIVERY NETWORK 
 

The following diagram represents relationships between creators, storage/CDN providers, and 
governing bodies in the Viewly decentralized system. 

 

 



 

Content creators 
Content creators publishing on Viewly will be offered hosting contracts for a certain time period 
(e.g. one year). The price is determined by the hosting providers  on a basis of publicly available 1

data and discretionary risk models.  

We came to this price point after thorough research of current storage costs.​ ​We assessed a 
sample seven (7) minute 4k video that was stored in all the different playing formats (from low 
resolution to HD). Based on this analysis, we will use 2.4GB of space for one copy, which is 12 
GB for five (5) distributed copies. According to current hosting prices charged by the hosting 
providers , projected retail cost of storing such video is in a scale of 1$ per year. The costs of 2

storage will deteriorate over time due to increased market efficiency as well as being in line with 
Moore’s law. 

The price of storage will only be (1) a small proportion of earnings for popular content providers, 
(2) a small price to pay for storing videos with high intrinsic/emotional value and (3) too 
expensive for low quality content and/or spam, ultimately eliminating the surplus of unpopular 
and/or spam videos. 

Hosting Marketplace 
There will be an order book held and a real time bidding between content creators and hosting 
providers. Each video will be stored on at least three (3) distinct nodes to ensure the video is not 
lost. Each content creator will likely receive personalized offers from potential hosting providers, 
primarily influenced by popularity and risk profiles. To make this process easier, as well as to 
aid in matching the particular content creators with the optimal hosting providers, we should 
aggregate additional information based on usage of the Viewly app, such as viewership 
statistics (timing and frequency of views, average per-country aggregates) and the risk profiles 
(content id tags, copyright flags, and/or other disputes). 

To make it easier for content creators to determine which hosting providers to trust, a 
reputation system is to be set in place. The reputation system is based on PoA challenges, as 
performed by elected oracles. These challenges ensure that at the bare minimum, the hosting 

1 Hosting providers and CDNs are used interchangeably throughout the paper and have the same meaning in the                  
context of this paper. 

2 Popular hosting providers such as Amazon S3 and Dropbox charge between 100$ and 150$ per year for 1TB                   
storage today (august 2017). Bandwidth not included. 



 

provider (CDN) is capable of streaming the video in a reasonable amount of time (time 
challenge). 

The selected host will issue a bond (e.g. 20% of the annual hosting price) as a collateral for 
actually storing the file. If the hosting node fails a Proof of Storage (PoS) or Proof of Availability 
(PoA) challenges, they will lose the bond and and the offer to host this video will re-enter the 
marketplace. 

In the event where content is purposefully discarded, both the bond and remaining funds in the 
contract are burned. The hosting provider forgoes the bond for the sake of aversion of potential 
legal liability, and the original uploader loses the remaining funds in the hosting contract. The 
hosting provider also suffers a small loss in their reputation score. 

Publicly available, fully transparent data 
We will likely establish several distributed and open access systems to aid with (1) decision 
making (2) rankings and (3) user experience. These systems are off-chain for practical reasons. 

The idea is that all the participants should have the best possible information at all times. This 
data includes, but is not limited to, results of PoA challenges, video demand statistics, copyright 
and content id tags and basic telemetry. 

Opt-In Telemetry 

Users of our app will also have an option of reporting anonymous telemetry information, 
primarily consisting of reports on streaming speeds and service disruptions. Since the telemetry 
information is recorded on the client side, it cannot be trusted, and as such is not useful for 
calculating the reputation score. It does however provide useful feedback in regards to the 
health of the network. 

CDN Network 
CDN network nodes will provide both storage and instant availability (bandwidth). The nodes 
will be constantly challenged with a set of two distinct challenges: (1) Proof of Storage- proving 
that they store a distinct copy of a video, as claimed, and (2) Proof of Availability-to prove that 
the stored video is available for streaming in acceptable time. 



 

Proof of Storage 

We introduce a cryptographic primitive Proof-of-Storage that will enable hosting node to prove 
to the verifier that they actually provided hosting services for a specific file in a specific time 
period. PoS builds on the work done by Moran & Orlov [21] and on works of Proof of Storage / 
Retrievability [22, 23, 24]. 

 

At this point, we would like to note that PoS is a work in progress and will need to withstand 
rigorous stress tests and therefore might consequently be considerably adapted in its final 
form. 

Proof of Storage enables hosting nodes to prove to the network that it offered storage in a 
particular time period. In order to work, the PoS protocol assumes two phases (1) an 
initialization phase and (2) an execution phase, that is repeated multiple times. The protocol is 
designed in such a way, that the initialization phase is more costly than actually proving a 
hosting service.  

 

We assume the verifier (V) and a prover (P) both have access to a random oracle (H). Just as in 
[21] we define the initiation and execution phase as follows. 

 

Initialization phase.​ V and P receive a binary input string of length k and both produce state 
strings σ. The work w spent in the initialization phase should be larger than the work needed to 
actually provide a hosting service, to avoid rationality attack. 

 

σ , ) ⟵ ⟨P (id), (id) ⟩( P σV
H V H  

Execution phase​. V and P both receive their states and ids. It can run several times without 
repeating the initialization phase. At the end of each execution phase V produces an output 
which is either an acceptance or rejection. 

 

·, ) ⟵ ⟨P (id, σ ), (id, σ ) ⟩( outV
H  P V

H  V  



 

Similar to [21] we define work / distinct storage tradeoff function f as the work / storage bound 
for the PoS proof. 

 

As proved by Moran and Orlov [21], the protocol (P, V) is a Proof of Storage if it satisfies the 
properties of completeness and soundness. 

 

Completeness.​ The Proof of Storage is perfectly complete if for any id and every H the following 
statement is true: 

 

r  P out σ , ) ⟵ ⟨P (id), (id) ⟩, ·, ) ⟵ ⟨P (id, σ ), (id, σ ) ⟩[ V = 1 : ( P σV H V H ( outV H  P V H  V ] = 1  

Soundness.​ After Moran and Orlov [21] we define a security game with two phases and 
corresponding adversaries A = (A​1​, A​2​). They cannot communicate between themselves during 
the game itself or between phases. 

Let each phase of the PoS n-Security Game correspond to a PoS phase as follows: 

1) In the initialization A​1​ chooses a set of ids {id​1​, id​2​… id​n​} and then interacts with n 
independent verifiers and execute the initialization phase of PoS protocol, sending i-th 
verifier id​i​. σ​A​ is the output of this phase and (σ​V1​, σ​V2​...σ​Vn​) the outputs of the verifiers. 

 

2) The adversary A​2​ (id​1​, id​2​… id​n​, σ​A​) interacts with n independent verifiers executing the 
execution phase where i-th verifier is given (id​i​, σ​A​) as input. We denote a Succ​n​ an event 
of adversary’s success if all verifiers accept. 

 

We define a PoS protocol as (ε,f)-sound (where s > 0 and n ≥ 1) if every adversary A = (A​1​, A​2​) 
that uses at most s storage satisfies the following conditions in the PoS security game: 

 

1) Rational storage. Adversary spends at least ε fraction of time in the initialization phase.  



 

wn  E q |Succ[ #A1 n] ≥ ε  3

2) Hosting tradeoff. Bounds of the trade-off between allocating storage resources and 
work. 

f (s/n)  E q |Succ[ #A2 n] ≥ n  

If we want to motivate honest provers to use storage rather than work, the following condition 
must hold true for every n ≥ 1, as in [21]: 

 

1) The optimal strategy is storing an ε’-fraction of the honest storage. 

rg min nms* = a s (n (s/n) s)· f · γ ≥ ε′  

2) Rerunning initialization is costlier than storage. 

nw f (0) nmγ   γε + n ≥ ε′ ⇔  ≤ εm′
εw + f (0)

 

As proved by Moran and Orlov [21], the protocol satisfying these conditions, and the cost of 
storage unit is less than γ, the optimal strategy is to store at least ε’ compared to the honest 
storage costs. 

Optimizing CDN network topology 

On the other side, CDN nodes network ensures streaming of videos all over the world. They are 
geographically distributed servers with high bandwidth. Although the network topology will be in 
the domain of CDN providers, we propose the following network topology optimization strategy.  

 

Recent upticks in popularity of video on-demand streaming services have uncovered new 
challenges in how to stream high quality (large) videos to a large number of viewers and ensure 
sufficient quality of service while overcoming storage and bandwidth bottlenecks. There are 
many researchers and research groups that are tackling the problem from different angles, such 
as: peer-to-peer [16, 17, 19], distributed storage [13, 14, 19], statistical modeling of demand [16], 
efficient caching [15, 18], etc. 

3 We define q​#​P​ as a number of queries party P makes to an oracle H.  



 

 

We are designing a P2P video streaming network with a high number of unreliable nodes having 
limited storage, bandwidth and availability; a set of reliable nodes that will assist when the 
unreliable nodes cannot meet the desired quality of service. As the demand varies, so should 
the data stored at each node. Research [19] has shown that the problem can be formulated as a 
static convex optimization problem and can be divided into three sub-problems: (1) what videos 
should be stored on which node, based on the demand and network capacity (2) topology of 
which nodes should cover which demand and (3) minimizing the need for the expensive reliable 
nodes. It has been shown that the problems are NP-hard [19]. 

 

As in the distributed P2P setting, we cannot affect the topology directly; we should optimize the 
problem with the topology as a given. We will use the optimization solution put forward by K. W. 
Lee et al [19]. What follows is a summary of their proposed solution of the optimization problem 
for the fixed overlay graph/topology. 

 

We will allow nodes to hold fractional streams as defined below. 

 

Given the data stream S​0​ and rate x​0​, S​0​(x​0​), a fractional stream S(x) is defined as a stream, that 
satisfies the following conditions : 4

 

1. Additivity. S(x) can be generated by S(x​1​) and S(x​2​) if x​1​ + x​2​ ≥ x 

2. Recovery. S​0​(x​0​) can be generated by any S(x) if x​1​ ≤ x 

 

Given the data stream S​0​(x​0​), a cache can generate a fractional stream S(x) if and only if the 
cache stores no less than x/x​m​ fraction of the source file of the stream. 

 

4 ​ ​Let 𝑥​1​ denote a route rate of r. 



 

Therefore the optimization problem can be formulated as follows : 5

 

Such that  

, ,  6 7 8

K. W. Lee et al [19] propose the problem can be solved by the three-step primal dual algorithm, 
that converges to the optimal solution. For the proof of the solution, see [20]. 

 

Step 1. Update the upload rate. 

 

Where  is the derivative of function  over x​r​.  is the aggregate 
route price, where ϴ​l​ is the single link price on link l, which is updated as: 

 

Where δ​r​ and η​l​ > 0 are adaptation parameters. 

 

Step 2. Update the demand index. 

5 ​Let W​hm denote a storage of video m on cache h. Let u denote an user and U a set of users. Let V​u​(z) denote a                            
function that represents the utility of user u when the perceived rate is z, and let that function be concave. 

6 The streaming rate from cache h to user u can be 0 if cache does not store the video m; otherwise the streaming                        
rate cannot be greater than 𝛾​m​. 
7 Routing constraint 

8 Storage constraint 



 

 

Where κ​r​ is a positive constraint that captures the relative demand (absolute demand minus 
supply) of video on route r. 

 

Step 3. Update cache storage. 

 

Where the Lagrangian variable ω​h​ is interpreted as the storage price of the storage constraint. 

 

is the aggregate demand index and β​m​ the size of the video m. 

 

We are aware of the sheer size and magnitude of what we are building compared to other 
projects built on the blockchain. A critical element to success will undoubtedly be engaging in 
an in-depth, proof-of-concept and proof-of-technology analysis to ensure the feasibility of the 
undertaking. The end product must be of supreme quality taking into account potential storage 
limitations and network capacity constraints. Our intention is to prove the feasibility and build 
the platform for the greater community to enjoy. 

   



 

ADDITIONAL RESOURCES 
We have omitted some additional concepts pertaining to the Viewly platform, 
however they are available on our blog. 

 

 

1. Towards server-less architecture with IPFS and WebAssembly  9

2. Preventing Name-Squatting with Transient Names  10

 

  

9 ​https://blog.view.ly/post/client-side-encoding 
10 ​https://blog.view.ly/post/onboarding-millions-of-users 

https://blog.view.ly/post/client-side-encoding/
https://blog.view.ly/post/onboarding-millions-of-users/


 

References 
[1] Nathan McAlone: These are the 18 most popular YouTube stars in the world — and some 
are making millions, Business Insider, 7​th​ March 2017, 
url=​http://www.businessinsider.com/most-popular-youtuber-stars-salaries-2017/#no-18-epic-ra
p-battles-erb-142-million-subscribers-1​. 

 

[2] AdExchanger: Google Defends Itself Against Fraud Claims; YouTube Ad Guidelines 
Confuse Content Makers, AdExchanger, 6​th​ September 2016, url= 
https://adexchanger.com/ad-exchange-news/tuesday-09062016/​. 

 

[3] Lindsday Stein: Havas Freezes All Google and YouTube Ad Spend in the U.K., Ad Age, 
17​th​ March 2017, url= 
http://adage.com/article/agency-news/havas-freezes-google-youtube-ad-spend-uk/308328/​. 

 

[4] Charles Riley: Google under fire for posting government ads on hate videos, CNN, 17​th 
March 2017, url= 
http://money.cnn.com/2017/03/17/technology/google-youtube-ads-hate-speech/index.html​. 

 

[5] Paresh Dave: The online ad industry is rallying to fight piracy, fraud, extremists and fake 
news. Does it stand a chance? Los Angeles Times, 10​th​ April 2017, url= 
http://www.latimes.com/business/technology/la-fi-tn-fake-news-piracy-20170410-story.html​. 

 

[6] Coursera. url=​https://www.coursera.org​. 

 

[7] MIT OpenCourseware. url=​ https://ocw.mit.edu/index.htm​. 

 

[8] Wikipedia: Patreon, url=​ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patreon​. 

http://www.businessinsider.com/most-popular-youtuber-stars-salaries-2017/#no-18-epic-rap-battles-erb-142-million-subscribers-1
http://www.businessinsider.com/most-popular-youtuber-stars-salaries-2017/#no-18-epic-rap-battles-erb-142-million-subscribers-1
https://adexchanger.com/ad-exchange-news/tuesday-09062016/
https://adexchanger.com/ad-exchange-news/tuesday-09062016/
http://adage.com/article/agency-news/havas-freezes-google-youtube-ad-spend-uk/308328/
http://adage.com/article/agency-news/havas-freezes-google-youtube-ad-spend-uk/308328/
http://money.cnn.com/2017/03/17/technology/google-youtube-ads-hate-speech/index.html
http://money.cnn.com/2017/03/17/technology/google-youtube-ads-hate-speech/index.html
http://www.latimes.com/business/technology/la-fi-tn-fake-news-piracy-20170410-story.html
http://www.latimes.com/business/technology/la-fi-tn-fake-news-piracy-20170410-story.html
https://www.coursera.org/
https://ocw.mit.edu/index.htm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patreon


 

 

[9] Marketwatch: How YouTube May Now Be Worth $90 Billion (or More) on a Standalone 
Basis. Marketwatch, 8​th​ June 2016. url= 
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/how-youtube-may-now-be-worth-90-billion-or-more-on-a-st
andalone-basis-2016-06-08​. 

 

[10] Datanyze: Online Video Platforms. url= 
https://www.datanyze.com/market-share/online-video/​. 

 

[11] eWEEK: Online Video Platform Market to Top $800 Million by 2019. url= 
http://www.eweek.com/small-business/online-video-platform-market-to-top-800-million-by-201
9​. 

[12] PRNewsWire: Global Online Video Platform Market to Grow 14.88% by 2020 - Growth in 
Subscription of 4G Networks - Research and Markets. 3​rd​ November 2016. url= 
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-online-video-platform-market-to-grow-1488-
by-2020---growth-in-subscription-of-4g-networks---research-and-markets-300356979.html​. 

[13] Xin Liu, Dehai Zhao, Liang Xu, Weishan Zhang, Jijun Yin, and Xiufeng Chen: A Distributed 
Video Management Cloud Platform Using Hadoop, IEEE Access, 2015, doi 
10.1109/ACCESS.2015.2507788. 

[14] George Iosifidis, Iordanis Koutsopoulos, Georgios Smaragdakis, "Distributed Storage 
Control Algorithms for Dynamic Networks", Networking IEEE/ACM Transactions on, vol. 25, pp. 
1359-1372, 2017, ISSN 1063-6692. 

 

[15] Arezou Pourmir, Parameswaran Ramanathan, "Distributed caching and coding in VoD", 
Computer Communications Workshops (INFOCOM WKSHPS) 2014 IEEE Conference on, pp. 
233-238, 2014. 

 

[16] Y. Zhou, T. Z. J. Fu and D. M. Chiu, "Statistical modeling and analysis of P2P replication 
to support VoD service," 2011 Proceedings IEEE INFOCOM, Shanghai, 2011, pp. 945-953. doi: 
10.1109/INFCOM.2011.5935322 

http://www.marketwatch.com/story/how-youtube-may-now-be-worth-90-billion-or-more-on-a-standalone-basis-2016-06-08
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/how-youtube-may-now-be-worth-90-billion-or-more-on-a-standalone-basis-2016-06-08
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/how-youtube-may-now-be-worth-90-billion-or-more-on-a-standalone-basis-2016-06-08
https://www.datanyze.com/market-share/online-video/
https://www.datanyze.com/market-share/online-video/
http://www.eweek.com/small-business/online-video-platform-market-to-top-800-million-by-2019
http://www.eweek.com/small-business/online-video-platform-market-to-top-800-million-by-2019
http://www.eweek.com/small-business/online-video-platform-market-to-top-800-million-by-2019
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-online-video-platform-market-to-grow-1488-by-2020---growth-in-subscription-of-4g-networks---research-and-markets-300356979.html
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-online-video-platform-market-to-grow-1488-by-2020---growth-in-subscription-of-4g-networks---research-and-markets-300356979.html
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-online-video-platform-market-to-grow-1488-by-2020---growth-in-subscription-of-4g-networks---research-and-markets-300356979.html


 

 

[17] F. Liu, S. Shen, B. Li, B. Li, H. Yin and S. Li, "Novasky: Cinematic-quality VoD in a P2P 
storage cloud," 2011 Proceedings IEEE INFOCOM, Shanghai, 2011, pp. 936-944. doi: 
10.1109/INFCOM.2011.5935320 

 

[18]    T. Fujimoto, R. Endo, K. Matsumoto and H. Shigeno, "Video-Popularity-Based Caching 
Scheme for P2P Video-on-Demand Streaming," 2011 IEEE International Conference on 
Advanced Information Networking and Applications, Singapore, 2011, pp. 748-755. doi: 
10.1109/AINA.2011.103 

 

[19] K. Lee, H. Zhang, Z. Shao, M. Chen, A. Parekh and K. Ramchandran, "An optimized 
distributed video-on-demand streaming system: Theory and design," 2012 50th Annual Allerton 
Conference on Communication, Control, and Computing (Allerton), Monticello, IL, 2012, pp. 
1347-1354. doi: 10.1109/Allerton.2012.6483374 

 

[20] Hao Zhang ; Minghua Chen ; Abhay Parekh ; Kannan Ramchandran; A distributed 
multichannel demand-adaptive P2P VoD system with optimized caching and neighbor-selection. 
Proc. SPIE 8135, Applications of Digital Image Processing XXXIV, 81350X (September 23, 2011); 
doi:10.1117/12.896617. 

 

[21] Moran, T., & Orlov, I. (2017). Rational Proofs of Space-Time. 

 

[22] G. Ateniese, R. C. Burns, R. Curtmola, J. Herring, L. Kissner, Z. N. J. Peterson, and D. 
Song. Provable data possession at untrusted stores. IACR Cryptology ePrint Archive, 2007:202, 
2007. 

 

[23] K. D. Bowers, A. Juels, and A. Oprea. Proofs of retrievability: theory and implementation. 
In R. Sion and D. Song, editors, CCSW, pages 43–54. ACM, 2009. 

 



 

[24] P. Golle, S. Jarecki, and I. Mironov. Cryptographic primitives enforcing communication 
and storage complexity. In M. Blaze, editor, Financial Cryptography, volume 2357 of Lecture 
Notes in Computer Science, pages 120– 135. Springer, 2002. 

 

[25] Shedding Light On Google's Most Exciting Growth Engine: YouTube. 
https://seekingalpha.com/article/1318481-shedding-light-on-googles-most-exciting-growth-eng
ine-youtube​. 

 

[26]  The State Of Online Video Advertising – Statistics And Trends. 
https://www.invespcro.com/blog/online-video-advertising. 

https://seekingalpha.com/article/1318481-shedding-light-on-googles-most-exciting-growth-engine-youtube
https://seekingalpha.com/article/1318481-shedding-light-on-googles-most-exciting-growth-engine-youtube

