






















 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

1 



Abstract 
 
GameX (GX) is a gaming-themed crypto-currency (token) that’s built on Waves blockchain. It consists of three main projects 
that is planned to be the main usage areas of generated GX tokens. These are ​GX Marketplace, GX In-die Club and GX GPU 
Mining Hub ​. 
 
GameX is planned to be used as an actively traded crypto-currency that is based on microtransactions for GameX based 
projects and other related merchants. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

2 



Introduction 

 
 
GameX (GX) is built on ​Waves blockchain ​ and uses Waves technology for micro-transactions, token generation and 
distribution. The reason behind the taking Waves as a core structure is mostly because of it’s ease of use, hussle-free token 
generation, flat transaction fees and close support of Waves Platform. 
 
With the rise of popularity of Blockchain techology and basically “​Bitcoin​”, led most of the investors to join the market of 
cryptocurrency. While being an active member of this community as traders, most of the current members of our team have 
decided to take things one step ahead and build our own token. 
 
Idea behind the GameX was simple enough. Crypto-currency is ​a new way of micro-transactions on virtual commodities ​, it’s 
low fee costs than traditional approach makes it a reasonable technology to learn and implement it to our virtual world.. As a 
group of gamers, our team decided to build our project on the topic we know and love the best, video games. 
 
While possibilities to use Blockchain technology on gaming industry have too many options to choose from, we though it’d be 
best if we don’t stuck on just one thing. Most popular approach on gaming cryto-currencies was building a platform to ​trade 
virtual items between gamers ​, and we took that. Other one wasn’t a popular one, mostly because it’s not profit oriented, but 
also being indie developers we knew that it was necessary. We thought Blockchain can be used also for ​crowdfunding for 
gaming projects of indie developers ​, so we took that project to our list too. Finally, to make it three, we also thought another 
kinda-popular approach as our side project, ​coin mining and revenue share ​ of it. After all, who’d know the usage of GPUs 
other than actual gamers? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 



Main Projects 
 
GameX (GX) has started it’s journey with three main projects in mind. ​GX Marketplace, GX In-Die Club and GX GPU Mining Hub​. 
 

 
 

GX Marketplace ​ is a decentralized platform to trade in-game items, key codes, game cards and other ​virtual commodities 
with using GX tokens. While it’s decentralized on idea, the main safety of the token transfer is controlled by directly GameX 
with an ​escrow system ​. 
 
Idea behind the GX Marketplace is simple. When gamers want to buy, sell or trade some game-related virtual items, they can 
use their GX tokens to ​list ​ such items to the marketplace. When there is a buyer and both side approved the transaction, 
GameX will transfer virtual item content and payments to participants. This way, transactions would be fast and the only cost 
is network fees while withdrawing GX to Waves wallets. 
 
With having a plan to ​mimic coin mining system​ and GameX’s goal to generate tokens with community participation, GX 
Marketplace is a great source to earn extra GX. To that end, first planned earning way is to get GX with each successful item 
buy, sell and trade ​. 
 

Planned Main Features 
 
Listing, buying and trading virtual game-related items 
Auction and Direct Pay options 
No commisions 
Extra GX for each successful transaction 
Escrow system to verify trades 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 



 
GX In-Die Club ​ is a crowdfunding platform for ​individual developers and gaming community​ to participate with using GX 
tokens. Main goal of this project is to help indie developers to get some funding to back their project and chase their dreams 
with ease of mind. 
 
While such a program requires an active market value for GX, it’s still a great way to help others when things get mature. We 
know that because half of our team is also indie-game developer at their newbie stages. We’ve some popular addons for 
some MMOs like ​Elder Scrolls Online ​ and ​Secret World Legends​ as well as ​Mount & Blade​. Except these we also have had our 
time on mobile mathematic games for kids. 
 
Chasing your dreams is hard when you have financial worries. You have a few options though. You may have a full-time work 
and practice your skills or expand your project on your free time or you get some backing from the people. First option would 
work but it’ll take too much time that you may even forget what you are working on. It’s like having a second job and no free 
time for yourself therefore it affect’s your motivation and may lead you to abondon your project if you are not that dedicated 
at the first place. 
 
Crowdfunding has it’s own difficulties. You need to be preperad well and show to people that you are really into it. Gaining 
trust is a fundamental key, even get’s ahead of your project’s quality. 
 
As GameX, we thought we should take our part in it with using the ​advantages of Blockchain technology ​and In-Die Club 
project has born. 
 
In-Die Club is a platform that builds a ​bridge between in-die developers and GameX community​. Developers will list their 
projects with giving details like trailers, videos, documentaries, milestones, roadmap etc. Community members will review 
these project and will ​commit their GX to the developer​. Until the funding goal is reached, GX will hold the committed tokens 
for safety. If everything goes well and project reaches it’s funding goal, GameX will transfer that escrow amount to developers 
with ​an extra GX directly added by GameX ​. 
 
Developer may ​use his/her GX hovewer they want to make a funding​. They may exchange or hold them to trade later. Only 
thing the GameX will require from developer is using GameX name on project sponsors list. 
 

Planned Main Features 
 
Presentation of indie game projects to the community 
Community donation of GX to developers to back up their projects 
Escrow system to protect donated tokens until funding goal is reached 
Extra GX for developers directly by GameX after a successful campaign completion 
 

5 



 
 

GX GPU Mining Hub ​ is a mining-themed side project for GameX that is directly connected to ​financial status of GameX​ to get 
started. 
 
A real gamer’s life is mostly spend on ​tweaking his rig​ to get extra FPS, prevent stutters, improve the image quality while 
maintaining performance. That makes us master of GPUs since decades. Most of the people in the crypto-currency world is 
just started to learn about GPU mechanics with participatin in actual mining. 
 
While ​ SHA-256 ​ and special rigs take a great hold on the market for some popular coins, second majority of coins are directly 
mining with ​GPU only systems​. We can’t say the same for CPU mining since there are so few coins that still gets mined by 
CPU only but GPU is still a powerful mining component. 
 
With knowing how to handle with a GPU, we thought we can implement a side project for GameX. Idea is not that different 
from some popular cloud mining companies, but as always we do, ​it’s directly controlled with GX tokens ​. 
 
Project aims to let GX holders to ​spend their GX on renting rigs for a period of time​ to use however and wherever they want. 
That corresponded GPU would be on the service of GX provider ​to use on pools​ until it’s time runs out. Second option is to 
buying hashrate for a long period of time ​ with using GX. Holders that bought hashrates would ​get their daily earnings ​ after 
deducting power and maintenance costs. When a holder reached the min limit, he/she can withdraw the earnings with 
converting it to some of the selected and popular coins. 
 

Planned Main Features 
 
Rental of a GPU mining rig to use on pools (Short Term) 
Rental of hashrate to get daily mining profit (Long Term) 
Automatic reinvest system to increase hashrate 
Multiple cryptocurrency payouts with some of the selected and popular coins on the market 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 



Token Generation and Market Release 
 

 
 
GameX’s main aim about token generation and is to ​make transparent as much as possible​. We are having some weird acts of 
token founders like a huge release of their tokens to the market when it gets a little value. A token that is actively exchanged 
on the crypto-currency world would have it’s buyer immediately. When a founder release his tokens, there’d be ​huge surge 
on the market price ​. As GameX, we are trying to prevent such trust-breaking and uncontrolled token release. 
 
As a token, GameX is not mineable, that prevent’s it’s natural generation like a mineable coin. We’ve come with an idea about 
to change the actual usage of tokens. 
 
Normally tokens used as ​shares ​. You just get it from ICOs or exchanges after that. Some tokens that called as ​security tokens 
also let’s holders to earn some income from the profits of founding company. Since GameX is a ​utility token ​, we’ve 
implemented a different approach to generate it. 
 

 
 

Never Ending Bounty Program 
 
Traditional bounty programs only stay active prior to a token’s ICO period or while helding it. It’s aimed to increase popularity 
and reach of possible investors. When ICO is completed, so the bounty program. 

7 



 
GameX implemented a way to make the ​bounty mechanics work for eternity ​. It can’t be mined yes but it can be ​earned by the 
community with participating in promotional tasks ​. While active community members get their GX frequently, they’d also 
help to ​promote GameX and increase it’s recognizability ​. We think that it’s a win - win situation and a great way to generate 
new tokens. 
 
Since the beginning of our first announcement, our bounty program still continues on ​Bitcointalk.org with Translation, Thread 
Moderation, Signature and Avatar usage ​. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

8 



 
 

GX Alliance ​ is a newly released program of GameX as ​an additional source to earn GX​ other than never-ending bounty 
program. 
 
It’s about creating a ​long lasting membership on GameX to become an active community member​ with a system that rewards 
the user’s loyalty and promotional efforts. 
 
It’s implementation started at ​March 1, 2018​ with letting users to register on GameX website. Registered users have a 
dashboard to edit their profiles, track their earnings, check rank and achievement requirements, latest new about GameX, 
general statistics of the program and a log block for every GX transaction took place. 
 
Users get their first GX with simply registering on the website and logging in to it. After that, ​user may get GX with completing 
some promotional tasks or just staying with GameX ​. 
 
Program is a huge success and had around ​30,000 members in just 2 weeks​ with more than ​600,000 GX earned by these 
members ​ already. 
 

GX Alliance Rewarding System 
 
Registration on the website (One-time) 
Logging in (Daily) 
Visiting GameX (Daily) (Extended Faucet) 
Referring visitors (Weekly Limit) 
Referring new members (Weekly Limit) 
Unlocking achievements (Milestones with Level System) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

9 



Technical Details of GameX (GX) Token 
 

 
 

Token Name: ​ GameX 
Token Symbol:​ GX 

Token Standard:​ Waves Platform 
Issue Date: ​ 06.01.2018 07:33 

Max. Token Issue Volume: ​ 10Billion 
Reissuable: ​ No 

Decimals:​ 2 
Technology:​ Scala 

Block Time:​ 1 Block / Min 
Network Fee:​ 0.001 WAVES 
Token Type:​ POS (Waves) 

Waves Identifier:​ GFiWx4dcceJXGWfHc53GMXEidpciUCN5tnHUwE18NEfY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

10 



About the Team 
 

 
 
We are ​a group of individuals ​ that gathered together to bring GameX Projects to life. Our team consists of; 
 
2 Software Developers 
1 Art Designer 
1 Technical Specialist 
1 Project Lead 
1 Community Manager 
1 Finance Expert 
1 Marketeer in Charge 
 
Our professional experience is based on ​E-Commerce, Logistics and Media (TV)​. We are also in the industry of gaming as a 
hobby with creating ​mobile apps, addons and mods ​ for some popular MMO/RPGs. And in the aspect of Cryptocurrency world; 
 
We have a ​mini mining farm ​ that mines for ​Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and ZCash 
We are also one of the stakeholders of ​Sirin Labs (SRN)​ and ​Envion (EVN) 
 

That’s Us! 
 

 
FOUNDER 

Kraeius 

 
MASTER OF ARTS 

Lynador 

 
LEAD DEVELOPER 

Jewel 

 
COMMUNITY 

Lisa 

 
TECH. INFRASTRUCTURE 

Electro Bug-gy 

 
PM / SCRUM MASTER 

Rosa 

 
FINANCE 
Mystery 

 
MARKETING 
BraveTheCat 

11 



References and Links 

 
GameX Website: ​https://gamex.co.in/ 
Contact Email: ​contact@gamex.co.in 
BTCTalk Announcement Thread: ​https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2857972 
BTCTalk Bounty Hunting Thread: ​https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2808298 
Github: ​https://github.com/wavesplatform 
Blockchain Explorer: ​http://wavesexplorer.com/ 
Nodes: ​https://nodes.wavesnodes.com 
Twitter: ​https://twitter.com/gamex_co_in 
Facebook: ​https://www.facebook.com/gamex.co.in/ 
Instagram: ​https://www.instagram.com/gamex.co.in/ 
Reddit: ​https://www.reddit.com/r/GameXCommunity/ 
Telegram: ​https://t.me/gamex_co_in 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

12 

https://gamex.co.in/
mailto:contact@gamex.co.in
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2857972
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2808298
https://github.com/wavesplatform
http://wavesexplorer.com/
https://nodes.wavesnodes.com/
https://twitter.com/gamex_co_in
https://www.facebook.com/gamex.co.in/
https://www.instagram.com/gamex.co.in/
https://www.reddit.com/r/GameXCommunity/
https://t.me/gamex_co_in

