











































1

Worldwide Asset eXchange (WAX) 
Global Decentralized Marketplace for Video Game Virtual Assets

White Paper

Version 1.8

From the founders of OPSkins
opskins.com | waxtoken.com

February 22, 2018

By Jonathan Yantis, COO, WAX | William Quigley, CEO, WAX | Malcolm CasSelle, President, WAX



2

WAX is the onramp for mass market 
cryptocurrency adoption.

-William Quigley, OPSkins CEO

From the founders of OPSkins
opskins.com | waxtoken.com

Special thanks go to Jonathan Yantis, the creator of real money trading 

for virtual items in 1997 and to John Brechisci, Jr., for creating OPSkins to 

enable skins to be freely convertible into fiat almost anywhere in the world.



3

Market Problem

Solution: Worldwide Asset eXchange (WAX)
WAX Value Proposition
WAX Team

WAX Functionality

WAX Protocol
WAX Tokens
WAX Accounts
Delegated Proof of Stake
Guilds
Transfer Agents
Transactions and Messages
Voting
Contracts
Proposal
Rating
Listing of Virtual Goods
Purchase of Virtual Goods
Settlement Execution Contract
Dispute
Transfer of Digital Goods

WAX Applications
WAX Connect
WAX Node
WAX Wallet
WAX Core

WAX Roadmap
   

WAX Token Sale
Token Sale
Market Development
Contributers and Advisors
WAX Team and Founders
Token Sale Process

05

06
07
10

11

12
12
13
14
16
17
19
19
20
20
21
21
22
23
24
24

25
25
25
25
26

26

26
27
27
27
28
28



4

Use of Proceeds

Legal Requirements

Summary & Conclusion

Appendix A: WAX Use Case

Appendix B: Marketplaces Create Wealth
Centralized Virtual Goods Marketplaces
Constraints of Centralized Marketplaces
Benefits of Decentralized Marketplaces

Appendix C: Virtual Goods Trading
Virtual Goods Example: Item Skins
Table: Key Friction Factors in Virtual Goods Trading

Disclaimer

29

29

30

31

34
36
36
36

38
39
40

44



5

Each year, 400M+ gamers purchase $50B+ in virtual items 
worldwide. The vast majority of gamers who buy and sell 
virtual assets today are likely to have their items stolen or pay 
exorbitant fees through cross-border transactions unless they go 
to a centralized trading platform. This market friction is the key 
factor limiting the growth of this $50+ billion market.

The net effect of the lack of marketplace trust is that the 
virtual asset trading industry is fragmented across hundreds 
of competing marketplaces, each utilizing different business 
practices tailored for their region of the world. This creates 
significant territorial supply and demand imbalances.

The ideal solution to this problem is a global virtual asset 
repository, accessible to anyone, which provides a complete 
catalog of all items available for sale in real time. Such a 
repository, when coupled with distributed trust mechanisms, and 
a reliable low-cost settlement network, will vastly improve price 
discovery and market liquidity, thereby increasing market size.

Market Problem

OPSkins, the world’s largest platform for video game 
virtual goods traders is building a blockchain protocol  
called Worldwide Asset eXchange (WAX), designed to 
enable an unlimited number of marketplaces operated 
by individuals or small businesses to buy, sell and 
trade virtual goods at scale with just a few clicks.

“



6

Solution: Worldwide Asset 
eXchange (WAX)

The role of the WAX Platform as a virtual goods marketplace is to 
decentralize exchanges while allowing users to purchase goods with 
a global token. With this important shift in structure, millions of buyers 
and sellers will have the power to use their social graphs to buy and 
sell virtual goods effortlessly. WAX can support a variety of selling 
structures to maximize liquidity, such as bidding, reserve bidding or fixed 
price. The cottage industry of buyers and sellers currently served by 
OPSkins will not have to develop complex backend systems but, instead, 
will use the WAX Platform to leverage the most powerful aspects of the 
OPSkins asset exchange.

WAX will enable a new generation of virtual asset traders, in a similar 
way that modern marketplaces enabled entrepreneurs to become power 
sellers online, ride share drivers or hosts for travelers (Alibaba, Amazon, 
Uber, and Airbnb). These platforms enhanced commerce for millions 
of small business owners and created hundreds of billions of dollars of 

Seller BuyerWAX Listed Asset

Offer Accepted?

YES

NO

ASSET TRANSFERPAYMENT

TRANSFER AGENT



7

new value by making their platforms easy to use and widely 
available, while simultaneously solving expensive problems 
like fraud prevention, settlement execution, product and seller 
reviews, standardized catalogs of product information, supply 
and demand matching, etc.

WAX Value Proposition

WAX is a decentralized platform that enables anyone to operate 
a fully functioning virtual marketplace with zero investment into 
security, infrastructure or settlement. Developed by the founders 
of OPSkins, the world’s leading marketplace for online video 
game assets, WAX is designed to serve the 400+ million online 
players who already collect, buy and sell. With the inclusion 
of WAX’s simple exchange widget, gamers will have access 
to a worldwide market, with blockchain trust and transaction 
verification.

A user decides to purchase a virtual good by selecting 
“buy now” in the WAX widget and is presented with 
an authentication window. If this is the first time he 
is interacting with the WAX Platform, he’ll be taken 
through an onboarding process that creates an 
identity, allocates a WAX Wallet, and allows him to 
fund the immediate purchase, all without forcing him 
to understand WAX, the WAX Platform, or WAX Tokens. 
From the buyer’s perspective, all that is required is to 
select an item, provide payment, and, a short while 
later, the item shows up in his personal inventory 
without him ever leaving the site he was visiting.

“



8

The WAX Platform will allow millions of traders to create their own 
virtual stores on one decentralized platform. The WAX Platform unites 
everyone, providing security, transaction, and settlement services that 
will usher millions of new participants into a growing ecosystem.

1 See https://mygaming.co.za/news/features/89913-there-are-1-8-billion-gamers-in-the-
world-and-pc-gaming-dominates-the-market.html 

OPSkins introduces the WAX blockchain protocol, connecting 
2 billion gamers worldwide1 to a highly sophisticated virtual 
goods exchange. By decentralizing these exchanges, vastly 
more trading in the already sizable $50 billion video game 
virtual goods trading market is possible.

“

WAX20152004

Decentralized Marketplace
The WAX Platform, a decentralized 

marketplace, allows buyers and sellers to deal 
directly with each other at low cost.

Centralized MarketplacePeer-to-Peer Transactions
As World of Warcraft grew to 12 million 

subscribers, a vibrant peer-to-peer secondary 
market develops to sell in-game goods for cash. 

For most users, this was risky and difficult.

With massive liquidity, buyers and sellers get the best prices and the 
quickest settlement, while the global gamer community as a whole 
receives their own secure virtual asset exchanges on the blockchain 
with WAX. Similar to how marketplaces such as Amazon, Alibaba, Uber, 



9

and Airbnb changed commerce for millions of small business 
owners and created hundreds of billions of dollars of new value, 
WAX empowers a new generation of virtual asset traders.

400+ million multi-player online gamers are increasingly familiar 
with buying and selling virtual online game assets. To provide 
a trusted third party assist, transfer agents are required to 
facilitate moving items from sellers to buyers. This complicated 
process is operated by a combination of Application 
Programming Interfaces (API’s) and bots. Virtually all the open 
source software used in the industry was written by the OPSkins 
team. OPSkins, a pioneer in the online gaming industry, has 
developed the method for WAX to empower all key constituents 
of the ecosystem to earn more by expanding their ability to buy 
and sell online game assets.

For example, a site attracts someone to list their item for sale, 
that site owner would get a share of the listing fee. Similarly, if a 
site attracts a buyer who ultimately buys an item, that site owner 
would get a share of the transaction fee. Many affiliates working 
with OPSkins today have already leveraged their participation 
into small virtual goods businesses. But that process is 
complicated, settlement takes more than 30 days, and there are 
problems with transaction verification and accounting.

These and many not-yet-developed silos of activity will work 
independently and collectively to make the decentralized 
exchange work. OPSkins runs as a centralized mechanism, 
and by sort of “exploding those out” and atomizing them, we 
allow the whole ecosystem to grow, because everyone gets to 
play a role where they can provide value. Now rather than one 
market player many times larger than its nearest competitors, 
thousands of sites can all be just as significant without having 
to invest tens of millions of dollars in software development and 
hardware infrastructure.



10

WAX Team

Created in 2015, OPSkins quickly became the global 
marketplace leader for video game virtual assets. The company 
has facilitated over 100+ million purchases annually for millions 
of customers across 95 countries. OPSkins built a centralized 
solution to address the greatest needs of the marketplace, 
reducing friction between buyers and sellers. These challenges 
are non-trivial and create a high bar for success: critical mass of 
buyers and sellers to create liquidity, settlement execution due 
to lack of trust between buyers and sellers, 100% of fraud loss 
shifted to the platform rather than the customers, cross-border 
execution, multilingual offerings, etc.

In building the number one centralized marketplace, OPSkins’ 
founders recognized an even greater potential to grow the 
market by decentralizing it and giving the power of the 
marketplace to millions of video game entrepreneurs and 
influencers who have social graphs, traffic, content, and existing 
followers. By shifting the parts of the marketplace that are 
complex and expensive to build to the video gamer ecosystem 
and by decentralizing those components on the blockchain, the 
market will grow even faster than it has already, and everyone 
will be able to benefit from that growth.

2 See http://www.reuters.com/article/us-deutsche-boerse-gaming-idUSKBN13Q4ZG

Normally the place to buy or sell shares in Germany’s 
top companies, Deutsche Boerse is launching a new 
exchange for people to trade virtual goods from video 
games, tapping into a multi-billion U.S. dollar market. - 
FRANKFURT (Reuters)2

“



11

WAX Functionality

WAX is a global peer-to-peer marketplace for video game virtual goods 
trading based on decentralized smart contracts on the blockchain. 
The WAX platform will allow the global pool of buyers and sellers to 
access the global supply of virtual goods in a decentralized market 
while eliminating financial risks they encounter from the prevailing 
consignment-based marketplace model in use today. Utilizing smart 
contracts that incorporate the OPSkins team’s 20 years and billions of 
transactions of virtual item experience, WAX supports a platform where 
all market participants—listing and selling agents, item settlement 
agents, appraisers, affiliates, buyers, and sellers—will merchandise, 
apportion fees and settle transactions quickly and securely.

Buyer 

$

Seller

Game Asset

Wax Exchange

$

What are the shortcomings in the existing ecosystem of decentralized 
exchanges? They don’t support the specific needs of the online video 
game asset trading market. Here is a comparison to some of the more 
well-known offerings.



12

WAX Protocol
The WAX Protocol is a decentralized blockchain solution that focuses on 
the transfer and exchange of virtual goods and services. This protocol 
is focused on serving the rapidly growing gaming industry but is flexible 
enough to meet a variety of other use cases. 

WAX intends to meet the needs of customers who use a huge number 
of gaming platforms—each with their own exchange model and transfer 
conditions—while supporting the entire network. To meet the high 
throughput demand of these markets, a Delegated Proof of Stake (DPOS, 
further explanation below) consensus algorithm was selected, with 
selected confirming nodes, or “Guilds”, focusing on a single game.

WAX Tokens

WAX Token (market abbreviation WAX) is the native token of the WAX 
Platform, and supports all activities and functionality on the WAX 
Platform.

WAX Token is a platform utility medium that enables users to list items 
for sale, transact value between each other, settle the transfer of virtual 
goods, create and service contracts, and propose and vote for WAX 

Decentralized 
Exchange

Multi-Party Payout

Settlement Agent

Asset Agnostic



13

Guilds. The application of WAX Token is entirely focused on 
these functions, and developed to strongly enforce security 
during digital exchange.

Virtual goods’ sales prices are listed in WAX Token; when a user 
wants to purchase the virtual good they pay with WAX Token. If 
the item is listed in a different currency (through a site linking 
to the WAX Platform), the WAX Token must be converted by the 
listing agent at the current exchange rate at time of purchase.

The number of votes a user can distribute to one or more 
Guilds is equivalent to the number of WAX Tokens such user 
holds. When WAX Tokens are transferred, the vote allocations 
are diminished by the same amount, so it is important to hold 
a reserve of WAX Tokens to ensure a user’s delegated votes 
remain sufficiently high.

A small amount of WAX Token is also used during transactions 
and messages, as a fee for using the network. This fee, similar 
to ETH Gas and Bitcoin Fees, incentivizes Guilds to include 
transactions into blocks.

All accounts have the ability to transfer WAX Tokens between 
themselves and other users. This involves the reassignment of 
asset (X) from one account (A) to another (B), with enforcement 
that the originating account (A) was in possession of at least 
that many WAX Tokens (X) before the transaction was approved.

All settlements on the WAX Platform are conducted in WAX 
Token. Since WAX Token is divisible to 18 decimal places 
(10-18), the transfer of WAX Token also allows for micro-
settlements, a feature likely to be leveraged for future virtual 
goods.

WAX Accounts

On the WAX Platform there are four types of accounts, three 
controlled by external agents and one autonomously; Users, 
Guilds, Transfer Agents, and Contracts. Each of these accounts 
serves a distinct role in the WAX Platform. 



14

User accounts control a single private key, and corresponding 
address, with which they create and sign transactions. Users may 
control WAX Tokens as well as digital goods, and cannot have 
their control of these goods revoked by any other user. Most User 
accounts will be proxied by an exchange and listing website (such 
as OPSkins.com), though it will be possible for a User to directly 
interact with the WAX Platform.

Guilds are the confirming nodes of the WAX Platform and are 
elected by DPOS from users. Each Guild is created with a private 
signing key and corresponding address, as well as a single public 
encryption key and private decryption key that is used in a multi-
party encryption schema for listing assets. Guilds are responsible 
for forming blocks of transactions and must sign these blocks 
and transact them to other Guilds on the WAX Platform. For 
this service, they receive the fees earned within the block, and 
periodically transfer a percentage of these fees to their pledged 
stakeholders.

Transfer Agents are responsible for the in-game transfer of digital 
assets between Users. These accounts control two Hierarchically 
Derived (HD) Private Keys. The first is used to generate a master 
address and child addresses for the acceptance and transfer 
of virtual goods and WAX Tokens. The second is used to create 
unique public encryption keys to accept messages from Users. 
Through this channel, Users can securely communicate their in-
game contact info to transfer or receive virtual goods. Each time a 
Transfer Agent accepts a Settlement Execution Contract, the WAX 
Platform will force the iteration of the HD Key. 

Contracts are code stored in the WAX Platform state, that can be 
executed by external agent accounts. Contracts created on the 
WAX Platform are executed immediately and return the Contract 
address and functions. The WAX Platform supports a limited 
number of Contracts, such as Proposal, Listing, Settlement 
Execution, Request, and Virtual Good. 

Delegated Proof of Stake

The WAX Platform uses a type of Delegated Proof of Stake 



15

(DPOS) consensus algorithm, originally created by BitShares. 
This system allows for high transaction throughput, with the 
confidence of network support and trust. 

Unlike a traditional Proof of Work system, confirming nodes 
are elected by users who pledge votes to proposed delegates. 
Holders of WAX Tokens will be able to submit proposals to the 
network for the election of a confirming node, called a “Guild” on 
the WAX Platform. Users will vote on the submitted proposals 
of potential Guilds, as well as existing Guilds. The WAX Platform 
will initially support 64 elected Guilds; Guilds are then ranked 
by the number of votes they receive, weighted by the game they 
support in their proposal.

Relying on WAX’s user base to elect Guilds (the elected 
delegates) will create sufficient decentralization to ensure a 
secure and trusted exchange. Users and Guilds (but not Transfer 
Agents) may pledge their WAX Tokens to proposals but cannot 
pledge to themselves.

Users are allowed to pledge only up to a total of eight 
proposals—and only one proposal per game or game/server—
preventing large holders from unduly influencing a single game. 
As the user base supports many different titles, this will ensure 
votes are cast across numerous franchises and Guilds.

If users begin to lose confidence in a Guild, they may switch their 
delegated stake at any point to another Guild or proposal. While 
this will not force an immediate change in Guild status, it will 
alert users who support the Guild. 

Users are encouraged to keep their WAX Tokens pledged 
through the earning of pledge rewards. A percent of the Guild’s 
earned fees will be redistributed to pledged Users, in proportion 
to their delegated stake amount. This system allows users to 
support the network through DPOS, while also not limiting the 
ability to change votes in favor of better Guilds.



16

Guilds

Guilds are the confirming nodes of the WAX Platform. Guilds will 
confirm transactions in a round-robin order. This ensures that 
all transactions are confirmed by at least one impartial party 
and maintain consensus of the network, while also retaining the 
speed and efficiency of a DPOS consensus.

While the WAX Platform will have 64 Guild positions upon 
release, this will be increased as new games and servers are 
released. This is easily signaled by the community presenting 
proposals for new games and/or servers not currently 
represented by a Guild. If these proposals receive enough 
votes during a set time period, the list of Guild positions will be 
expanded by eight. This balance prevents the number of Guilds 
from outpacing the WAX Platform’s user community, while also 
prioritizing user demand for new games and servers.

Beyond consensus, Guilds have additional responsibilities to 
promote network health. For a Guild to be elected, they must 
first submit a proposal to the network that states the game they 
will service, the percentage of fees they will share to pledged 
users, and how they will monitor Transfer Agents. When a Guild 
proposal is approved, their public encryption key will be added to 
the multi-party encryption schema used for listing on the game 
or game/server.

Each Guild will focus on a single virtual good platform game or 
game/server. For example, a Guild may be formed for World of 
Warcraft “Aegwynn” server. Players of this game or game/server 
will therefore be encouraged to support the proposal, while 
simultaneously supporting the entire WAX Platform. Popular 
games and servers may have more than a single Guild, providing 
additional choice in services.

Guilds are responsible for assigning Transfer Agents to a 
purchased listing and transferring the contact details for users 
to the transfer agent. When a purchase is made, Guilds that 
service the items’ game or game/server will be assigned the 
transaction. They will assign a Transfer Agent to the purchase, 
and the first one confirmed by the network will become the 



17

accepted record. At this point, the Transfer Agent will have their 
HD keys iterated, and the Guild will encrypt a message of the 
contact details for buyer and seller to the Transfer Agent. To 
ensure this process runs smoothly, Guilds will devise systems to 
select Transfer Agents based on proximity to buyer/seller, time 
since last transfer assignment and activity level, overall number 
of current settlement execution contracts assigned, and—of 
course—Transfer Agent’s reputation score.

The Guild’s overall trust score is based on a combination of its 
delegated votes from users, as well as the average rating for 
active Transfer Agents for its game—a rise in dishonest Transfer 
Agents could lead to users switching their vote and the eventual 
disbanding of the Guild. As such, Guilds can ban Transfer Agents 
who have received a number of disputes.

Guilds are incentivized to high-quality service by receiving a 
percentage of the fees on lists, transfers, and Contracts. These 
fees are earned on the virtual goods they confirm during their 
confirmation turn, with additional bonuses paid out on virtual 
goods from their proposal. This encourages competition in the 
most popular and expensive marketplaces while providing a fair 
fee structure for games with a smaller user base.

Transfer Agents

Transfer Agents are users entrusted to accept and transfer 
virtual goods between users. A Transfer Agent is approved 
only for one game or game/server, and cannot change its 
association. It must also put up a bond of WAX Tokens, of 
which it cannot exceed 25% of total value of currently assigned 
Settlement Execution Contracts. For settlement execution 
services, its will be rewarded a percentage of the fee with WAX 
Tokens. 

Transfer Agents may signal to the Guild that they are actively 
looking for additional settlement execution contracts and are 
currently on-line. Conversely, if a Transfer Agent no longer wants 
to participate as a Transfer Agent, it must first complete its 



18

assigned settlement execution contracts, and can then signal its 
retirement to the Guild. It will then receive its full bond of WAX 
Tokens back.

Transfer Agents perform a critical function in the WAX Platform. 
Transfer Agents will be responsible for enacting in-game trades 
of virtual goods purchased and will be expected to:

1. Communicate with seller and buyer to arrange pick-up and 
delivery of item

2. Take control of the virtual asset from the seller

3. Verify the authenticity of the virtual asset

4. Digitally sign the Settlement Execution Contract that they 
have received the virtual asset

5. Deliver the virtual asset to the buyer

6. Digitally sign the Settlement Execution Contract that they 
have delivered the virtual asset

In addition, Transfer Agents may be called to arbiter disputes 
raised by users against other Transfer Agents. These services 
are rated by buyers and sellers, and they must maintain a high-
level of quality service or risk being removed.

Transfer Agents’ accounts have two public keys; the first is a 
HD signing address and is similar to other users. The second 
is a HD public encryption key, allowing users to send secure 
messages with their in-game username, location, trade-URL (i.e.: 
for steam trades), etc. 

When a Transfer Agent is selected for a Settlement Execution 
Contract, the Buyer and Seller will be alerted. They can send 
encrypted messages to the Transfer Agent to communicate 
meeting logistics. The Transfer Agent can communicate back 
(though unencrypted) with clarifying questions or additional 
details. This allows the Transfer Agent to meet users in-game 
with minimal risk, while also protecting users from Transfer 
Agents working with either a buyer or seller to deceive the other.



19

Transactions and Messages

Transactions and Messages on the WAX Platform are any signed 
data package that is communicated between accounts. A transaction 
refers to communication originating with an external agent, such as a 
human user or external bot. Messages are similar to transactions but 
are executed by Contracts on the WAX Platform. Both transactions and 
messages incur a small fee of WAX Token when called, used to support 
the confirming Guilds. 

Broadly speaking, there are three types of communications on the 
WAX Platform: transfer of WAX Tokens, deployment of Contracts, 
and interaction with Contracts. Each can be called as a transaction or 
message, depending on the actor. They each are formed as below, with 
the sender being implicitly named by the state:

nonce The transaction or message number of the account communicating

waxfee The fee (in WAX Token) associated with the transaction or message type

to Destination address of the receiving account

value The amount of asset being transferred; possible to be blank

data
A call for the WAX Platform to execute the deployment or interaction with a 
Contract, as well as any variables to be passed; this will indicate which assets 
(WAX Token, WAXT Tether, Digital Asset) are being transferred

signature The ECDSA signature of the transaction/message, signed by sending address

Voting

Users who wish to vote with their WAX Tokens to support a Guild or 
proposals can do so easily from their wallet. From the wallet, a user 
selects “Proposals” to review the current Guilds and available proposals, 



20

as well as their current allocation of delegated WAX Tokens.
Users may vote for up to 8 Guilds or proposals, and their share 
of votes (held WAX Tokens) will be distributed evenly amongst 
them. The user will select the delegates it wishes to support and 
then transact a vote. While voting costs WAX Token fees, the 
vote cost is the same whether selecting eight new Guilds or only 
swapping one.

Contracts

Contracts refer to executable code on the WAX Platform; on 
WAX, there are a limited number of pre-created contracts that 
can be executed. As the WAX Platform continues to develop, 
new contracts and control features will be merged into the 
protocol.
 

Proposal

The Proposal Contract includes the Guild’s application to be 
a confirming node, as well as the list of delegated stake from 
users. “Proposal” is a transaction executed by a user, to elect a 
new Guild as a confirming node to the network.

A proposal message will include; the game or game/server the 
Guild will provide services for; the fee sharing structure between 
the Guild and pledged delegates; and address of a user account 
to serve as the Guild address during execution. Only users who 
have at least 10 WAX Tokens and are not currently pledged to 8 
proposals may call “proposal”.

Upon creation, a minimum of 10 WAX Tokens from the creating 
user’s account are automatically delegated to the proposal. The 
proposal may now receive delegated stakes from other users. 
The rankings of proposals are ordered by vote count, and guild 
statuses are awarded or rescinded based on the overall rankings 
and number of guild spots.

If a proposal for a Guild ever falls below 10 WAX Tokens, the 
Guild will be dissolved immediately and the remaining assets 



21

transferred to the pledged users. If a Guild wishes to change any 
of the features of its proposal it must submit a new proposal 
and can signal to its pledged stakeholders for the change.

Rating

Users, Guilds, and Transfer Agents will each have a rating 
contract based upon their transaction history and interaction 
with each other. When two parties have an interaction with each 
other, such as listing/buying or direct transfer, they will have an 
ability to rate a user.

The rating is crafted from more than the votes of other accounts: 
each transaction, dispute, and settlement is aggregated 
and used to calculate the ability for an account to perform a 
trustworthy action. Each action type will have a different weight, 
but the overall metric will be useful to the entire WAX Platform.

As more transactions occur, the rating system will automatically 
adjust for the account. Long patterns of good behavior will raise 
an account’s ratings, while short periods of bad behavior can 
plummet a rating.

Listing of Virtual Goods

User accounts may list their virtual goods on the WAX Platform 
and instantly connect to a worldwide market.  When listed, 
the virtual good is able to be searched by anyone and can be 
displayed easily on websites through the WAX SDK.

“List” calls a Contract transaction, which will create the listing. 
To meet this service, a small fee is leveraged in WAX Token 
for the listing. In addition, a bounty (list_fee) is placed for the 
facilitator, such as the website where the buyer purchased the 
virtual good.

A typical list includes the virtual good name, the game or 
game/server it is located on, the listing medium, and the price. 
Delivery time for the seller to deliver to the Transfer Agent is 



22

also included, and reflects the overall price of the asset; shorter 
delivery times incur a higher fee, but have less time to complete 
before they are found in fault of the settlement execution 
contract.

The selling user’s contact information is encrypted using a multi-
party schema which includes the public encryption key of each 
Guild serving the virtual good’s game or game/server.  This is 
also done for the “pick up” URL if available.

The listing user may later invoke this contract’s cancel function 
to end the listing and return the list_fee. The wax_fee is non-
redeemable because it was awarded to a Guild for confirming 
the transaction at the time of the contract creation.

Purchase of Virtual Goods

Purchasing a virtual good is a function of the list contract. All 
users of the WAX Platform have full access to the entire list 
catalogue of virtual goods for sale. They can easily browse them 
and make choices on their purchase by reviewing historical 
pricing data stored in the WAX Platform blockchain.

When a buyer wants to buy a virtual good, it can then purchase 
the item listing by sending a transaction to the listing contract 
with the requested amount, plus a settlement execution fee. This 
can be transacted easily in WAX Tokens, which can be converted 
by external parties into other currencies at the time of purchase. 

The buying user will also submit their contact information after 
encrypting it with the multi-party schema comprising the keys of 
each Guild serving the virtual good’s game or game/server. This 
can also be done for the “drop off” URL if available.

When the purchase transaction is complete, a Settlement 
Execution Contract is deployed via message.



23

Settlement Execution Contract

Settlement Execution Contracts will be deployed by message 
from a list contract following the purchase function being 
successfully called. The transferred assets used to purchase the 
listing, details from the listing, and the encrypted contact details 
will be transferred. At this time the list_fee is transacted to the 
address of the intermediary through whom the buyer purchased 
the goods. If no intermediary was used, the list_fee will be 
returned to the seller.

Guilds for the game or game/server will then compete with 
each other to select a Transfer Agent from their active list. The 
Transfer Agent is responsible for acquiring the virtual good from 
the seller, and ensuring delivery to the buyer. Only one Transfer 
Agent can be selected for a Settlement Execution Contract.

The Guild will next decrypt the messages containing contact 
information and securely encrypt a new message to the Transfer 
Agent with contact details and timestamp. The Transfer Agent 
will then arrange to meet both buyer and seller in the game or 
game/server, or transfer the virtual goods via “pick up” and “drop 
off” URLs. 

In either case, the seller must then transfer the virtual goods to 
the Transfer Agent. When the virtual good has been delivered, 
the seller will sign a transaction to the Settlement Execution 
Contract confirming the trade. If the seller fails to deliver the 
virtual good, it will receive a negative rating: low ratings may be 
ignored by other users, and if a seller has a rating that is too low, 
its listings will be removed by the Guild.

When the Transfer Agent receives the item, it will then confirm 
the virtual good’s authenticity. If the item is as described in the 
listing, the Transfer Agent will sign a message to the Settlement 
Execution Contract. If both signatures from the seller and 
Transfer Agent have been collected, the purchasing funds will be 
released to the seller.



24

With the virtual good in its custody, the Transfer Agent next 
contacts the buyer. When contacted, the virtual good is 
transferred to the buyer. A second signature from the Transfer 
Agent confirms the delivery, and the settlement execution fees 
are released to the Transfer Agent.

Dispute

For disputes against a Transfer Agent, a user creates a contract 
with a bond equal to half the disputed amount. Additional details 
such as Transfer Agent address, the listing, settlement execution 
contract hash, and assigning Guild are also included

Upon receipt, the Guild must select a neutral Transfer Agent 
to arbiter the resolution. This Transfer Agent will review the 
transactions that took place, and may request additional 
documentation from users and Transfer Agents. 

Using this information, the arbiter will make a decision of finding. 
If the dispute contract is true, the Transfer Agent’s bonded WAX 
will be deducted for the dispute value, plus 10%. No funds will be 
sent to the arbiter, but its rating will be increased. 

Transfer of Digital Goods

Certain publishers may allow the creation and trade of digital 
goods directly; for these games or game/servers, the WAX 
Platform will tokenize the virtual goods. These tokens are 
representations of virtual goods, and are each unique and 
therefore non-fungible. The WAX Platform achieves this through 
an asset tokenization smart contract that records the virtual 
goods information and metadata into each token minted.

For a qualifying digital good, the item will be digitized at the time 
of listing. When the tokenized good is purchased, this asset will 
be transferred directly to the buyer, and the seller immediately 
paid. Services outside of the WAX Platform will transfer the 
asset between the two parties, to ensure the state of ownership 



25

matches the game or game/server conditions.

OPSkins currently uses a centralized approach to support a 
dozen games. By implementing the above on the WAX Platform, 
65 games would be immediately tradable.

WAX Applications

WAX Connect

WAX Connect will be a browser-based SDK that provides a set 
of functions to allow building listing widgets, performing wallet 
transactions on remote wallets, and performing seamless 
onboarding of new users into the WAX Platform. WAX Connect 
will perform automatic node discovery based on guild (game 
or game/server) affiliation and enables retrieval of listings from 
guild nodes.

WAX Node

WAX Node is the “full node” that will be run by Guilds and other 
ecosystem participants. A WAX Node is required to function as a 
Guild and to allow bonding of Transfer Agents.

Additionally, a WAX Node provides a gateway to the overall WAX 
Platform, including node and Guild discovery, API endpoints 
for WAX Connect and WAX Wallet, and possibly a naming 
service. Each WAX Node will hold a complete copy of the WAX 
blockchain.

WAX Wallet

WAX Wallet allows non-guild WAX users to hold WAX Tokens 
and participate as a DPOS delegate.



26

WAX Core

WAX Core will be an SDK that encapsulates the common functions of 
WAX Node and WAX Wallet. WAX Core will enable forging of delegates, 
provide blockchain synchronization, and include the complete developer 
API. WAX Core is for those who intend to build on top of the WAX 
Platform.

WAX Roadmap

WAX Token Sale
The total supply of WAX Tokens that will ever be created is 
1,850,000,000. All WAX Tokens will be generated in a seed block and 
distributed according to the chart below. The information provided 
on token creation, process, allocation and use of sale proceeds is the 
current plan, but is subject to change in WAX’s discretion. 



27

Token Sale

64,750,000 WAX Tokens were sold in the WAX Token sale. 
When WAX Tokens are issued, all contributors will receive 
10x the number of tokens they purchased. The reason we’re 
issuing 10x the tokens is because it will be more convenient 
for users of the token. It will make microtransactions more 
easily calculable, and since WAX was designed to facilitate the 
millions of daily microtransactions for digital items, this is an 
important feature to include for WAX users.

Market Development

30% of WAX Tokens were, or will be, issued to encourage new 
developers to take part in the growing marketplace. These 
tokens will be distributed to new developers and publishers to 
incentivize them to release virtual goods that can be traded 
on the WAX Platform. This provides a new indirect distribution 
channel for game developers while allowing market demand 
from the gaming community to shape games we love.

Contributers and Advisors

15% of WAX Tokens are, or will be, held by the early 
contributors and advisors. This group has contributed 16,800 
ETH to acquire 5,040,000 WAX Tokens. Some contributors 
and advisors have received, or will also receive, free bonus 
tokens for the advisory work they will be doing for WAX. These 
tokens cannot be immediately transferred due to time-based 
restrictions on their use. 



28

WAX Team and Founders

20% of WAX Tokens are being, or will be, retained by WAX and reserved 
for development, team, and founders who will continue to enhance the 
WAX Platform with valuable updates and their use of these tokens will 
also be time released.

Token Sale
35%

Market Development
30%

Contributors and 
Advisors
15%

WAX Team and 
Founders
20%

Token Sale Process

The WAX Token sale has concluded. 

ERC20 WAX Tokens will be distributed to participants of the WAX Token 
sale no later than December 29, 2017.



29

Use of Proceeds

Operational Overhead
35%

Software Development
35%

Market Development
30%

ETH received during the token sale will be immediately leveraged to 
support WAX’s on-going development and operations.

Legal Requirements
Tokens, the blockchain and smart contracts are nascent technologies.  
The application of existing laws to new technologies is often unclear.  
The laws that may be implicated by the WAX Platform and tokens are 
numerous given its worldwide reach. As a result, the legal and regulatory 
issues surrounding the WAX Platform and tokens are complex and 
undefined at this time.  As these issues are settled, modifications may 
need to be made to the WAX Platform and WAX tokens to comply with 
applicable law.



30

Summary & Conclusion
Current online video game trading of virtual assets for Online Games and 

other online gaming types is approximately $50 billion. OPSkins, the world’s 

largest video game virtual goods trading marketplace with millions of 

registered buyers and sellers, is developing WAX to expand virtual asset 

trading. As Amazon is to physical goods, OPSkins is to virtual goods. 

Amazon built the “Amazon Marketplace” allowing millions of entrepreneurs 

to open up their own trading virtual store. Similarly, OPskins is building a 

decentralized “WAX Platform” allowing millions of traders to create their 

own virtual store, starting with thousands of gaming sites today in the 

virtual goods ecosystem. With WAX, millions of individuals can create 

new businesses based on their passion for video games offering buy, sell, 

rent, or trade capabilities to their social networks, extending the market far 

beyond what it is today.



31

Appendix A
WAX Use Case



32Appendix A

Appendix A: WAX Use Case
The way gamers interact with their games, and with others playing those games, has 
evolved rapidly during recent years. Casual streaming services like Justin.tv have given 
way to professional gamers, a new category of sporting called “esports,” and companies 
looking to get a foothold in the online gaming world.

Given the global audience and the youth of their fan base, it’s no surprise that many 
advertisers use esports sites like Twitch, Youtube Gaming, Smashcast, and Mirrativ to help 
build their brands. These sites push the viewing experience a step further. Unlike traditional 
sports broadcasting, they offer an interactive experience to visitors who spend money on 
their favorite video games and other online experiences.

Imagine things from the point of view of the gamer.

He visits his favorite streaming site and interacts not only with the content but also with 
other gamers. As he watches, he is also chatting with others. Comments fly whenever 
there is really great action or an incredible kill. Like many of his friends, he’ll be on the site 
for several hours.

He notices that the players have some unique looking skins. Their guns have a beautiful 
dragon design that he’s never seen before. He thinks, “Wow, I would love to have a skin like 
that.”

Before WAX, he had to visit a centralized marketplace or engage in makeshift one-on-one 
transactions to buy skins and other virtual goods. With WAX, though, getting new skins 
is as easy as clicking on a listing widget that is easy for any site to implement and that 
allows painless onboarding to the WAX Platform.

The widget, implemented as a simple set of tags that any site can deploy, is configured 
to align with a specific Guild. Each game can have one or many Guilds, but no game can 
be represented on the WAX Platform if it doesn’t have at least one Guild. Most of what a 
Guild does - running a full WAX node and carrying out certain responsibilities to aid in the 
functioning of the WAX Platform - is transparent to both the listing site (where the widget 
appears) and the potential buyer.

The buyer has to know only that he is interested in virtual goods from a specific game and 
the listing site simply configures the widget to offer items from that specific game. The 
widget queries the WAX Platform to retrieve items from the global virtual goods database 
that is maintained by the network of nodes in the platform. Using available information, 



33Appendix A

the widget then chooses which item to display and the potential buyer can examine the 
currently displayed item or page through and examine additional items all priced in WAX 
Tokens.

Once the potential buyer decides to purchase, he simply selects “buy now” in the widget 
and is presented with an authentication window. If this is the first time he is interacting 
with the WAX Platform, he’ll be taken through an onboarding process that creates an 
identity, allocates a WAX Wallet, and allows him to fund the immediate purchase, all 
without forcing him to understand WAX, the WAX Platform, or WAX Tokens. From the 
buyer’s perspective, all that is required is to select an item, provide payment, and, a short 
while later, the item shows up in his personal inventory without him ever leaving the site he 
was visiting.

He is delighted with the experience. Buying skins before meant he had to go to a 
centralized marketplace service like OPSkins. Going from streaming site to the various 
fansites he regularly visits, he sees this same widget allowing anyone to search, browse 
and buy virtual goods.

This ability to buy a virtual item anywhere at any time is what no one else provides today.



34

Appendix B
Marketplaces Create Wealth



35Appendix B

Appendix B: Marketplaces Create Wealth
The rise of the Internet has enabled digital marketplaces to generate hundreds of 
billions of dollars of wealth for buyers and sellers using nine core principles to create the 
ecosystem for growth and wealth creation where it would not otherwise exist.

Core Principle Analog Example Digital Example

Expanding distribution 
from local and regional 
markets to national and 
global markets

The Silk Road connecting Far 
East and Europe vs insular trade 
created new markets and wealth 
for many

Garage-sale and swap meet 
entrepreneurs become powersellers 
on Amazon; homeowner AirBnB hosts 
selling to a global audience

Making money passively 
with minimal effort

Income from parking lots or 
Intellectual Property (IP) rights

Playing video games for a living 
(eSports); using affiliate marketing or 
social graph to earn a living (influencer)

Guaranteed settlement 
to shift counterparty risk 
when unknown parties 
transact

Banks providing bank reserve 
notes redeemable by anyone 
(origin of currency)

Paypal or internal payment platforms to 
remove payment risk

Seller or buyer reliability
Bias towards known brands and 
creditless/cash purchase only

Reputation management rating 
systems create identity history (Upwork, 
BazaarVoice, etc.) 

Cross-border 
transaction settlement

Trade zones allowing for foreign 
trade, foreign currency exchange 
at banks

Central finance operations allow 
international buyers and sellers in 
e-commerce (Alibaba, eBay)

Fraud prevention
Know Your Customer (KYC) rules 
at finance institutions, credit 
applications

Expensive but necessary credit card / 
payment fraud departments

Expanding supply; 
increasing liquidity

Retailers consolidating inventory 
(department stores) vs boutiques

Thousands of options in shape, size 
& quality on eBay; millions of new 
rideshare drivers

Speed of settlement; 
price flexibility to 
increase demand as 
needed 

Shopping malls creating foot 
traffic, cash and carry, credit 
cards, print advertising, coupons; 
discount sales

Search engine optimization and other 
digital with millions of buyers on Google 
Play / App Store;  Steam for video game 
downloads; promotion codes

Algorithm-driven 
platform

Guessing supply and demand, 
clearance sales to move inventory, 
discount stores; manual multi-
variant testing

Machine learning & a/b testing predict 
supply & demand, create personalized 
recommendations; arbitrage pricing



36Appendix B

Centralized Virtual Goods Marketplaces

OPSkins is the largest centralized virtual goods marketplaces using these core principles, 
yet OPSkins is largely unknown outside the inner circles of serious game players. This 
gargantuan marketplace for virtual goods for video games currently exceeds $23 billion 
through exchanges and trading platforms. Experts estimate there is another $23 billion in 
casual trading between players.

OPSkins has already built and scaled a highly successful centralized platform that 
addresses the most challenging aspects of a well-functioning marketplace. Though only 
three years old, OPSkins has millions of users with almost no churn, generating billions of 
transactions and growing at a rate of 200,000 new registrations per month.

On its centralized trading platform, OPSkins has created trust and eliminated nearly 100% 
of buyer fraud losses by creating digital settlement services. This has had the effect of 
successfully shifting the fraud risk from individual sellers and buyers to OPSkins. Since 
OPSkins collects fiat currency (local currencies such as US dollars, Euros, Chinese Yuan, 
and many more), it must maintain extensive banking relationships and fraud mitigation 
processes and personnel as well as disallow many trades from new account holders using 
PayPal or credit cards in order to avoid excessive losses.

Constraints of Centralized Marketplaces

Because OPSkins and other virtual goods trading platforms are inherently centralized, 
gamers interested in buying, selling, or trading goods cannot transact outside of the 
platform in a peer-to-peer fashion with the same safety and efficiency. Reasons include:

• The method for trade can differ dramatically between games without an automated API
• Liquidity is another major obstacle for gamers to operate their own trade sites
• Without a critical mass of buyers or sellers, buyers find prices too high and don’t have 

variety or sellers can’t sell quickly because there is not enough demand

Benefits of Decentralized Marketplaces

Demand for a significant increase in trading volumes of virtual goods exists, but is currently 
restricted due to marketplace centralization on a few large platforms, including OPSkins. 
OPSkins operates the largest virtual goods marketplace in the world; decentralizing 
that marketplace would allow all sellers and buyers to set up storefronts to buy, sell 



37Appendix B

and trade on a peer-to-peer basis. Paralleling the growth realized by small businesses 
through participation on LinkedIn, Houzz, Upwork, etc., virtual goods trading is poised to 
experience explosive growth.

Smart Contracts—computer protocols intended to facilitate, verify, or enforce the 
negotiation or performance of a contract, typically on the Blockchain—are the optimal 
technical solution to decentralize complex virtual goods trading platforms like OPSkins.

To decentralize Virtual Goods Marketplaces, WAX is implementing smart contracts to 
establish and maintain an open system that millions of global users can access to build 
their own peer-to-peer marketplaces. Using the marketplace principles it has already 
applied, WAX will decentralize OPSkins to work seamlessly to enable billions of trades 
between its members. This will also afford buyers, sellers, traders, and entrepreneurs the 
ability to establish storefronts with a few clicks using the WAX Platform, thereby saving 
significant development dollars when publishing their goods.

The role of WAX as a virtual goods marketplace is to provide WAX Tokens to represent 
ownership of virtual goods in decentralized exchanges. With this important shift in 
structure, millions of buyers and sellers will have the power to use their social graphs 
to buy and sell virtual goods effortlessly. WAX Tokens can support a variety of selling 
structures to maximize liquidity, such as bidding, reserve bidding or fixed price. The 
cottage industry of buyers and sellers OPSkins currently serves will not have to develop 
complex backend systems, but instead will use WAX Tokens to leverage the most 
powerful aspects of the OPSkins asset exchange. WAX Tokens will enable a new 
generation of virtual assets traders, similar to how modern marketplaces such as Alibaba, 
Amazon, Uber, and Airbnb changed commerce for millions of small business owners and 
created hundreds of billions of dollars of new value.



38

Appendix C
Virtual Goods Trading



39Appendix C

Appendix C: Virtual Goods Trading
Virtual goods are digital assets purchased for use in online communities or games. 
OPSkins specializes in the enhancement of standard goods found in online games. 

Though not all video games enable virtual goods trading between players, the most 
forward thinking video game publishers have benefited greatly by allowing their in-game 
trading economy to thrive. The largest single market of tradable assets are called “skins” 
(also referred to as finishes) for Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO). Skins are strictly 
cosmetic and do not affect game play.

Virtual Goods Example: Item Skins

Currently the estimated market value for CS:GO skins trading is over $10 billion annually.  
Skins adorn objects and players in the games with colorful designs. You can see skins on 
weapons, masks, sunglasses, shoes, and many other goods.

In other major tradable games like the H1Z1 family (Just Survive and H1Z1: King of the 
Kill), the options go further to include other special movements that do not affect game 
play (dancing or hand movements). 

The most famous game series that started the trading ecosystem was World of Warcraft 
(WOW). In WOW, virtual gold pieces were acquired by “gold farming”3 and created 
marketplaces for buying and selling.

Virtual shotgun without skin Virtual shotgun with skin

3 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gold_farming



40Appendix C

With ever-increasing value per transaction, billions of virtual goods trades occur between 
players. Some goods are only worth pennies, while others trade for thousands of US 
dollars. However, in almost all goods trading, there is enormous friction during buying, 
selling, and trading of virtual goods. The friction is due to the following key factors:

Key Factor Issue

Trust General distrust in the trading environment between unknown players

Fraud
High prevalence of stolen accounts (typically via hacking) and stolen 
payment methods such as credit cards

Cost
Fiat-based (USD, Euros, Yuan, etc.) transactions are costly and 
impractical for small amounts

Forex
Foreign exchange in cross-border transactions is typically complicated 
or impossible

User Interface (UX)
Centralized control of the assets by game publishers or trading 
platforms can slow down and complicate trading without proper high-
volume API’s in place

Liquidity Without sufficient buyers and sellers, marketplaces simply don’t work

BTC, AlipayBTC, Alipay, Weixin PayBTC, PayPal, G2A, Visa/Mc, Boa Compra

BTC, Skrill, Netteller, 
Paysafe, Yandex, 

WebMoney

3%19%29%49%



41Appendix C

The trust required for global acceptance of fiat currencies such as US dollars, Euros or 
Chinese Yuan began with the presumption of reliability, centralized authority, and liquidity. 
In the past few years, 400+ million players worldwide now regard digital virtual assets with 
the same level of trust as the rest of the global population does in fiat currency. Millions 
of players use the virtual goods as stored value. Some of the most popular games with 
tradable assets include Dota 2 (103 million downloads), Team Fortress 2 (39 million 
downloads) and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (30 million downloads)4. Each garners a 
sizable audience and together, these audiences would constitute the third largest country 
in the world.

Within the world of game play and virtual goods during the 
last few decades, 400+ million players worldwide now regard 
digital virtual assets with the same level of trust as the rest of 
the global population places in fiat currency. This audience in 
aggregate would constitute one of the largest countries in 
the world.

“
400 600 800 1,000 1,2000 200

China

India

Online Gamers

USA

Indonesia

Brazil

Pakistan

Nigeria

Bangladesh

Russia

1,384 million

1,318 million

400 million

325 million

261 million

207 million

197 million

188 million

162 million

146 million

4 https://www.statista.com/topics/2290/mmo-gaming/



42Appendix C

Through its virtual asset trading platform, www.opskins.com, OPSkins has created 
trust and eliminated nearly 100% of fraud losses borne by the buyer by creating digital 
settlement execution services. The fraud risk has shifted to OPSkins instead of individual 
sellers/buyers. Because OPSkins collects fiat currency such as US dollars, Euros and 
Chinese Yuan, it must maintain extensive banking relationships and fraud mitigation 
departments as well as disallow many trades from new account holders using PayPal 
or credit cards in order to avoid excessive losses. Because OPSkins and other trade 
platforms are inherently centralized, gamers interested in buying, selling, or trading assets 
cannot transact off-platform in a peer-to-peer fashion with the same safety and efficiency. 
The method for trade can differ dramatically between games without an automated API. 
Liquidity is another major obstacle for gamers to operate their own trade sites. If there 
is not critical mass of buyers and sellers, prices will be elevated and selection limited. In 
addition, sales may lag due to a lack of demand. 

The majority of virtual goods trading occurs for games published by Valve Software, maker 
of the Steam5 game distribution platform. Steam serves a community of 65 million gamers 
worldwide. The top six publicly traded game companies have sizable audiences with 2017 
revenue of $41 billion. In addition, Sony, Tencent, Microsoft, Nintendo, Activision Blizzard, 
and EA use virtual assets6.

The market for these tradable assets is estimated at nearly $50 billion, half of which is 
through platforms such as OPSkins and through informal interaction between gamers who 
share social networks. Many of the 400 million world wide multi-player online video game 
players seek to trade their skins for fiat and cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin and Ethereum. 
Though cryptocurrency has a relatively small adoption pool for virtual goods trading 
today, bitcoin and similar currencies are ideal to address cross border currency issues and 
microtransactions7.

Because online video gaming is a global phenomenon, most trades occur between 
players located in different countries. Accordingly, virtual asset trading users endure 
high transaction costs (i.e. international payment processing fees and value lost through 
currency conversion).  Simply eliminating these cross border transaction costs between 
the millions of virtual assets traded every day would be sufficient economic justification 
for WAX to exist. WAX will immediately benefit the global community of virtual asset 
traders by lowering costs to get the best prices for buyers and sellers. WAX would also 
enable microtransactions that would otherwise be infeasible cross border.

WAX will provide the ability to buy, sell, or trade skins and other virtual assets in a peer-

5 http://www.valvesoftware.com/
6 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_game_publisher
7 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microtransaction



43Appendix C

to-peer method that does not require a centralized party. WAX creators believe this 
will expand the market considerably, allowing hundreds or thousands of online sites to 
facilitate trades while also accessing a highly liquid marketplace, ensuring that prices 
are fair and transactions occur quickly and at a low cost, especially across international 
borders.



44

Disclaimer
This WAX white paper is for information purposes only. WAX does not 

guarantee the accuracy of or the conclusions reached in this white paper, 

and this white paper is provided “as is.” WAX does not make and expressly 

disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory 

or otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties of 

merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, usage, title or 

non-infringement; (ii) that the contents of this white paper are free from 

error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. WAX 

and its affiliates shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising 

out of the use, reference to, or reliance on this white paper or any of 

the content contained herein, even if advised of the possibility of such 

damages. In no event will WAX or its affiliates be liable to any person or 

entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses of any kind, 

whether direct or indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, 

exemplary, punitive or special for the use of, reference to, or reliance on 

this white paper or any of the content contained herein, including, without 

limitation, any loss of business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill or 

other intangible losses.

All references in this WAX white paper to the WAX platform, regardless of 

tense, are intended to be references to how the WAX platform will operate 

when it is fully operational.  See the WAX roadmap on page 21 of this WAX 

white paper for information about the expected development of the WAX 

platform.


