













































White paper
How did we come to ICO and why?



Table of content:
03. Introduction: Brave New World of Worldcore

05. Licenses, certificates and activities of Worldcore

07. Worldcore team

12. Worldcore target audience

16. Worldcore product portfolio

18. Multi-Currency Payment Account for bank transfers

20. Worldcore prepaid debit card

22. Worldcore virtual debit card

24. Mass (batch) payments

26. PayAnyCard for cryptocurrency community

28. Credit any Visa/Mastercard/UnionPay payment card worldwide

30. Smart Invoicing

32. Checkout for merchants (SCI)

34. Powerful API for payouts automation

36. Affiliate program

38. Security and technologies

42. Worldcore platforms

45. Marketing activities

48. Online marketing

50. Mass media promotion

52. Participation in exhibitions and conferences

53. How does Worldcore generate profit?

55. Financial Highlights 2016-2017

57. Looking ahead

59. Holding of ICO

63. Interest to investors, participating in ICO

66. Financial roadmap for funds received from ICO

69. Publication of profit reports for Worldcore investors

71. Trading Worldcore tokens and profit on them

73. Worldcore founder’s message to investors

2



Introduction: 
Brave New World 

of Worldcore
Sometimes choosing the right financial institution predetermines the 

success of the whole business. Knowing this, Worldcore does its best 
to provide the world-class payment solutions for both individuals and 

corporate customers.

Tomorrow, Worldcore will shift to blockchain. ICO grants 
you a chance to make money today. WRC token will become 

your pass to the new world – to the brave new world.

3



WELL-ESTABLISHED REGULATED COMPANY
●   EU Payment Institution licensed by the National Bank of 

Czech Republic;

●   Office in Prague.

EXTENDED LIST OF SERVICES OFFERED
●   Payment account with all features of traditional bank account;
●   Prepaid physical and virtual debit cards with fully-automated 

issuance;

●   International money transfers to almost any Visa, MasterCard 
and UnionPay payment cards worldwide;

●   Free internal transactions;
●   Mass payments;
●   Checkout solution for accepting payments on website with 

quick integration.

SOLUTIONS FOR E-COMMERCE
●   Merchant processing;
●   Wide range of ready shopping cart plugins.

WEBSITE
●   User friendly interface;
●   Multi-language website with over 10 languages;
●   Concierge service;
●   24/5 Customer support. 

ULTIMATE SECURITY
●   PCI DSS Level 1 certificate;
●   Extended Validation Green Bar SSL certificate;
●   Biometric authentication (FaceKey and VoiceKey);
●   SMS-authentication.

Why do customers
choose Worldcore?

Are you still looking for an ultimate 
payment solution and dreaming of 
a better financial future? A new era 
has come. Worldcore is the new 
name of the financial tomorrow.  

4



Licenses, certificates  
and activities of 
Worldcore
THE ACTIVITY OF WORLDCORE IS LICENSED
BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CZECH REPUBLIC
FURTHERMORE, MEETS ALL THE REQUIREMENTS 
SET FOR PAYMENT INSTITUTIONS

Actions usually speak louder than
words, which is especially true for

business. Worldcore does not like ‘big
words’ and prefers to act.

●   Services enabling cash withdrawals from a 
payment account as well as all the operations 
required for operating a payment account; 

●   Execution of payment transactions;
●   Money remittance.

5



Worldcore holds PCI DSS Level 1 certificate enabling 
the company not to only process all the card 
payments independently without using other financial 
institutions, but to also store all cardholder data of 
those transactions on its servers.

Worldcore owns three registered trademarks in 
European Union: Worldcore®, VoiceKey® and FaceKey®. 

Worldcore is a member of Emerging 
Payments Association

Worldcore is operated by 
EUPSProvider s.r.o. 
since JuLY 2014. 
Company identification 
number: 02226987

The road map 
of Worldcore ICO 
intends future expansion 
of company activities to 
blockchain

6



Worldcore
team

We are the team of highly qualified 
professionals who joined their 

forces to create something new, 
something worthwhile. 

The Worldcore team consists of specialists working 
in development, back office, management and 

marketing, call centre and compliance departments. 
We are Fintech & IT specialists, engineers, designers, 

legal and Regulatory Experts, testers and other 
experts. Every day we work with clients, solve various 

problems and develop new technologies to let 
millions of people worldwide benefit from Worldcore 

payment solutions.

More than 40 persons are working in all 5 
departments of Worldcore and some people working 

as freelancers. 

We call our staff 
not ‘the employees’ 
but ‘the core’ of 
our company. 

7



These people are probably 
the most important people in 
our team, the main force of 
Worldcore, its brain. Sometimes 
they work without respite to 
provide a service that can make 
our lives easier.  
Development department 
of Worldcore is divided into 
several units, including web 
development, mobile apps, 
administration, design, layout 
design, testing and other 
subdivisions. Starting from 
2016 the company has opened 
a new department dealing with 
blockchain technologies. 

DE
VE

LO
PE

RS

8



MANAGEMENT

The CEO and founder of 
Worldcore, Alexey Nasonov, 
is the person who decided to 
combine a digital payment 
institution, a bank and an 
Online service. He is not just 
any person standing behind 
Worldcore, but the one who 
made a great contribution to 
development of the Internet 
Financial market.  Alexey 
Nasonov was listed in the 
2016 New Europe 100 list of 
change makers in Central 
and Eastern Europe by 
Financial Times.

The company also has over 20 people in different positions who deal 
with design, production, development, customer service, compliance, 
operations, legal direction and other issues.

SEAN PATTERSON – Marketing and Public relations 
manager, Conference Speaker of Worldcore. A veteran 
of entrepreneurial organizations, Sean started his 
career with Apple, later moving on to other tech-
focused projects at ETS, Tetra Pak, and Porsche.  
He has done some of his most innovative work at 
startups like Virtual Mobility Solutions, GenJuice, 
Ample Bay, Harper Architects, and others. He is 
passionate about getting great ideas funded; such 
was his work with the Thunderbird Angel Network.

9



ADVISORS 
Although Worldcore unites all the best 
specialists in their areas, we constantly 
consult with the leading European lawyers. 
The company frequently registers trademarks 
and products for its business activity and 
stays in compliance with regularly updated 
regulations, so it is very important for us to 
run all the processes in accordance with the 
EU law. 
In view of  upcoming integration of 
blockchain technologies and holding of ICO, 
the specialists of Worldcore also seek the 
advice of AmbiSafe, a company pioneering 
cryptocurrency development since 2010.

10



WAVE CREST HOLDINGS INC. 

The company, issuing and maintaining Worldcore debit 
cards. 

General 
Partners

BIOID (BIOID.COM)

The developer of biometrics authentication engine. Owing to 
this technology, customers can forget about passwords and 
use their faces to log into their Worldcore accounts.

VOICEIT

Another developer of biometrics authentication engine, 
providing technologies to enable Worldcore users to log into 
their accounts using their voice. The system recognizes 
its users even if their voices are changed due to illness. 
However, the fraudsters have no chances for cheating.

BITPAY

A payment gateway, processing payments in Bitcoins, world’s 
biggest cryptocurrency. Being founded in 2011, BitPay 
became the leader of the market and holds its position. 

LANGMEIER & CO

Legal partner of Worldcore, providing local legal support 
in Prague, Czech Republic.

ARMOR.COM

PCI-compliant technical infrastructure, security advisor.

SOLAR COMMUNICATIONS GMBH

Solarcom.ch - technical maintenance and online security 
advisors, DDOS protection.

LAW&TRUST INTERNATIONAL

Lawstrust.com - ICO legal and compliance advisor, 
consulting services.

11



Worldcore
Target audience
Combining best features 
of a bank, online payment 
system and card payment 
gateway,  Worldcore offers a 
wide range of financial services 
for those who really know what 
the freedom of financial activity 
means. Being registered in 
Europe and holding the license 

issued by Czech National Bank, 
Worldcore is mainly used by 
people of the European Union. 
However, a growing popularity 
and exceptional payment 
solutions offered by Worldcore 
made the company famous 
outside the EU.

Worldcore payment account may be used for 
business, personal or e-commerce purposes.  

12



FUNDRAISERS

can get donations from people without any 
limitations. A wide array of payment options 
increases the chances of reaching a target 
amount.

BIG COMPANIES

can do business and get all type of payments 
with Worldcore. The use of a Worldcore 
account significantly simplifies payout 
processes, so that companies can make 
transfers to suppliers and partners, pay 
salaries, make rent payments, pay taxes, etc.

FREELANCERS

can accept payments from clients worldwide 
without worrying about details. 

WHO ARE THE CUSTOMERS
OF WORLDCORE?

13



ONLINE SHOPS AND RETAILERS

can benefit from payments by cards, bank 
transfers and cryptocurrency

ONLINE MARKETPLACES
can offer more depositing/withdrawal options to 

their customers.

INDIVIDUALS?

who want to send money to their relatives, 
friends and loved ones without any limitations.

SMALL BUSINESS

like translation services, travel agencies, 
HR consultants, advertising companies, 

software developers,  etc,  selling their services 
worldwide. 

14



We are working hard to make the use of Worldcore convenient, and, 
in addition to new services,  we try to improve our performance. 

Understanding the importance of language comprehension,  we have 
translated our website into more than 10 most popular languages. 

The localization process still continues. 

The number of our clients continuously 
grows, currently exceeding 25,000 people.
This motivates us to develop further and

expand our global coverage.

15



Worldcore
product portfolio
Worldcore has an innovative approach to business and careful 
treatment of any customer, whether you are a large industrial giant 
or a newbie freelancer who is just starting to pursue a career.  

The Product line of Worldcore includes:  

●   Payment Account for bank transfers;
●   Worldcore prepaid debit card;
●   Worldcore prepaid virtual card;
●   Mass (batch) payments;
●   PayAnyCard (Card loading with 

cryptocurrencies);

●   Smart Invoicing;
●   Checkout for merchants (SCI);
●   API for automated payouts;
●   Solutions for crypto community;
●   Affiliate program;

Worldcore is attempting to become one of the first digital financial 
institutions that are ready to integrate natural financial products into 
the blockchain sector of the economy. Regardless of whether you are 
working with bank transfers, plastic cards or cryptocurrencies, you 
can manage everything through a Worldcore account.

16



Worldcore ICO will help us to extend our product portfolio by adding 
blockchain products. If WRC tokens are sold out, our product portfolio 
will be supplemented by the following products:

Will these plans be implemented? 
Everything depends on you!

Brokerage platform 
for blockchain 
assets trading.

UK-regulated 
Blockchain-powered 
P2P lending platform.

Blockchain-based 
cash money transfer 
platform for easy and 
instant conversion of 
cryptocurrencies into 
cash and vice versa 
in 1000+ of pickup 
points internationally 
including all 
Worldcore offices.

17



Multi-Currency
Payment 

Account for 
bank transfers

Worldcore account will be a good solution 
for those who do not have bank accounts. 

Sounds very convenient, doesn’t it? Moreover, it becomes even 
more comfortable with a new option - enabling you to manage 

your cryptocurrencies in the same account.

18



Key advantages of multi-currency 
payment account:

●   Fully remote opening of a mutli-currency account.
●   No setup fees and no monthly maintenance fees.
●   No limits for transactions.
●   A complete alternative to a traditional current bank account.
●   0% commission for bank transfer funding.
●   Entirely electronic application process and the same-day approval.

In practice, using a Worldcore account, 
you will understand how easy it is to 
accept bank transfers without having 
a bank account. Your profit can always 
be withdrawn to a debit card, then 
spent in the nearest shop or withdrawn 
at ATM with an industry-leading 
daily withdrawal limit of 4,000 euros.

Case 1

Work with your partners around the 
world in different currencies. Accept 
payments by different ways and in 
different currencies and send bank 
transfers in other currencies.

Case 2

Forget about the world borders. Make 
a deposit into your Worldcore account 
from your bank account in any 
country with a 0% commission. You 
can also withdraw funds while being 
anywhere in the world or simply 
withdraw to your Worldcore® Ultimate 
MasterCard® within seconds.

Case 3

19



Worldcore
prepaid 
debit card 
It is Worldcore prepaid debit card for 
ultimate payment experience with a card.

The advent of Worldcore prepaid debit card has marked the dawn of 
a new era, when online service and work with money became a reality 
with no limitations.

20



Key advantages of prepaid 
debit card:

●  Cost-effective instant payout solution.
●  5-day delivery by DHL.
●  Daily ATM withdrawal limit of 4,000 Euros or equivalent.
●  USD, EUR, GBP currencies.

●  Just 2.25 Euros per ATM withdrawal.
●  Instant crediting from Worldcore payment account.
●  Loadable with bank transfers.
●  ATM withdrawal limit of 1,000 Euros per transaction or equivalent.

Send salaries to Worldcore debit cards, 
issued for each employee. At the 
same time, you do not need to make 
separate payments and waste your 
precious time. Spend just 3 minutes to 
make a mass payment, and just in a 
few seconds your employees will be able 
to withdraw their money from the ATM 
next to their house.

Case 1
Receive cryptocurrency payments and 
withdraw money to your card. Use your 
card to pay in any store or to withdraw 
cash.

Case 2

21



We did a simple thing – we created a virtual card that can 
be reloaded as a real plastic card. This enables you to link 

it to cards in stores and simplifies online shopping.

Worldcore®
virtual debit card 

22



Key advantages of Worldcore® 
virtual debit card:

●   Instant issuance.
●   Reloadable and valid for 3 years.
●   Multi-currency transactions.
●   Safe online payments with 3D Secure.
●   Cost-effective instant payout solution.
●   Instant funding from Worldcore payment account.
●   Maximum balance of 20,000 US Dollars or Euros.
●   Unlimited number of cards can be issued.

You need to purchase in an online 
store that accepts cards only (they 
have never heard of cryptocurrencies, 
e-currencies and other payment 
options). You do not have time to apply 
for and receive a plastic card. Just log 
into your Worldcore account, get your 
virtual card within seconds, load it 
and start shopping!

Case 1

You are on vacation and did not take 
anything with you except the login 
and password to your Worldcore account. 
Then you decided to buy something 
online. All you need is to go to your 
Worldcore account, get your virtual 
card details and pay for needed 
services or goods. 

Case 2

23



Bulk 
payments

This product shows how to save time.

After all, you do not need to send many transfers, you need to create 
one batch file, upload it to your Worldcore account, and start sending 

mass payments. Processing will take just a few seconds.

24



Key advantages of BULK PAYMENTS:

●  0% fee for transfers to other Worldcore accounts.
●  Payouts to Worldcore prepaid debit cards.
●  Payouts to bank accounts.
●  Multi-currencies transfers.
●  Uploading list of contacts in .xls or .csv format.
●  Payouts to almost any Visa/Mastercard/UnionPay payment cards 

internationally.
●  No limits for transactions.
●  User-friendly and simple interface.
●  Universal way to pay salaries and make affiliate payouts.
●  24/5 support.

You have a few dozen of employees and 
only 1 hour before the end of your 
working day. Previously you were able to 
complete just a few transactions within 
an hour. However now, thanks to Mass 
payments option, you can manage to 
do everything just on time. You need 
to spend just 10 minutes to create a 
spreadsheet document, following the 
example, upload it to mass payments 
section and get all the transactions 
processed within seconds. What to do 
during the other quarter of an hour? 
It is up to you! Worldcore gives you 
free time and pleasure of working with 
funds.

Case 1

Every month you have to make some 
routine payments for the same services 
and the same amount. Now you can 
upload a batch file once a month and 
save time by making mass payments.

Case 2

25



PayAnyCard for 
cryptocurrency community

What if you could send 
cryptocurrency to 
almost any payment 
card?  We make it real! 

26



Key advantages of PayAnyCard for 
cryptocurrency community:

●  No registration required.
●  Up to 500 USD or EUR per transaction with no limit of transactions.
●  No need to install any additional software.
●  Instant processing and settlement within 1-3 working days.

You have Bitcoin, but you need to 
send some money to your grandmother, 
who only has a credit or debit card 
used to withdraw her pension. Do 
it within seconds with Worldcore’s 
PayAnyCard option.

Case 1

You need to make a payment to 
some freelancer from a country with 
cryptocurrency restrictions. Use the 
functionality of PayAnyCard and send 
your money instantly to his/her card.

Case 2

27



Credit any Visa/
Mastercard/

UnionPay 
payment card 

worldwide
It is a unique service enabling account holders to send 

payments to any payment cards in most of the countries. 
Do you have money in your Worldcore account? You can 

make a transfer to any person worldwide from the comfort 
of your home.  Spend just a few minutes to get the transfer 

completed by just filling a quick form.

28



Key advantages of payments TO 
ANY VISA/MASTERCARD/UNIONPAY:

●  Unlimited number of transfers.
●  Limit per transaction: 5,000 EUR/USD.
●  Cost-effective payout solution with a fee of just 2% + €6/$6 

depending on transaction currency.
●  Payments to any Visa/Mastercard/UnionPay cards issued by 

any bank in more than 150 countries.

Working with counterparties will become 
easier if you tell them that you can 
accept payments to any card, issued by 
Visa, MasterCard or UnionPay.

Case 1

Your customers prefer paying by bank 
transfers, and you pay wages to your 
employees to their cards.  Use Worldcore 
to manage your payments. Do not forget 
about the Mass payments to save your 
time.

Case 2

29



303030

Smart 
Invoicing

You can send your invoice to any 
person, which will be received as a 
link. Following the link that person 
can view invoice and make a payment 
directly through Worldcore with all 
accepted payment options.

It happens that after successfully ended negotiations you 
have only one obstacle to receive your payment, and it is 
a well-written official invoice. Worldcore enables you to 
create invoices with just a few clicks. The system can save 
your invoices and even automatically reissue without your 
participation, if necessary.  All you need to complete setup of 
recurring invoices is to set the frequency. 



Key advantages of Smart 
Invoicing:

●  Free of charge.
●  Fastest way to create a substantial invoice for your business.
●  Generated invoice can be downloaded as pdf file, or sent to an 

e-mail or a mobile phone.
●  All the invoices are kept in one place and can be easily sorted when 

needed.
●  Takes just 5 minutes to create a well-organized invoice.
●  Includes such parameters as advance payment, discount, 

shipment and tax.
●  System notifies of the payments made under the invoices issued.
●  Includes payment gateways for payments and enables the invoice 

recipient to settle payment by card, bank transfer or by e-currency, 
even if he/she is not registered in Worldcore system.

You are a service provider and you 
constantly need to issue invoices. Set 
up an automatic invoicing at certain 
periods and get paid regularly, without 
troubling yourself with doing each one 
by hand. 

Case 1

Your contractors want to send you a 
bank transfer, but you have neither 
bank account nor invoice. Create your 
invoices and send them by email. The 
recipients will follow the link and 
find a well-prepared invoice with 
Worldcore’s bank details and details 
of payment containing the invoice 
number. After receiving the payment, 
we will identify it by this reference 
and credit it to your account. At the 
same time, your invoice will be marked 
as “Completed”.

Case 2

31



Checkout 
for merchants 
(SCI)
This financial product will help 
you start accepting payments 
on your website.

32



Key advantages of Checkout for 
merchants (SCI):

●  User-friendly and simple interface.
●  No need for multiple integrations.
●  Ability to send invoices to your customers.
●  Your customers can pay with any available payment option which 

they prefer.
●  Convenient bookkeeping options.
●  Designed to accept payments by payment cards, bank transfers, 

e-currency and cryptocurrency.

You have a small local online shop 
created with Joomla. Some of your 
customers prefer to pay with a payment 
card, and some use cryptocurrency. 
Install Worldcore’s  Joomla module and 
start accepting payments for your goods 
right away.

Case 1

You sell some expensive goods, and 
your customers prefer to pay with bank 
transfers. You do not have a bank 
account, but you have a computer and 
the Internet. Enjoy merchant processing 
by Worldcore for accepting any bank 
transfers.

Case 2

You want to become a progressive online 
shop and accept Bitcoin, Ethereum, 
etc. At the same time, most of your 
customers prefer using traditional 
payment methods, such as credit/debit 
cards. Worldcore’s merchant processing 
will help you to satisfy everyone.

Case 3

33



Powerful API 
for payouts 
automation
If you want to automate your payouts, 
Worldcore API is exactly what you need.

34



Key advantages of Powerful API 
for payouts automation:

●  Quick and easy integration.
●  Full assistance with setup.
●  Perfect for mass payments.
●  Completely secure.
●  Over 10 CMS modules for immediate integration.
●  Automates payouts, gives access to payment history and 

fetching account balances.

Once a day your CRM system generates 
a report and you need to get 
information on your payment history. 
Connect it with Worldcore API and get 
everything done.

Case 1

When receiving an invoice, you need 
to automatically send payments. Your 
developers will easily write a script 
that will start sending payments via 
Worldcore.

Case 2

35



You do not need to be the board of directors member 
to start earning with Worldcore. You do not even need 

to buy WRC tokens to get Worldcore revenue share. 
Just become our partner.

Affiliate program

3636



Key advantages of Affiliate 
program:

●  You can earn 20% of service revenue for corporate accounts.
●  Get paid per action option to earn money by sharing information 

about Worldcore.
●  Earnings are withdrawable to a bank account or cryptocurrency 

wallet.
●  Custom conditions for high-volume affiliates and introducers.
●  Available both for individual and for corporate affiliates.
●  You can earn 15% of service revenue for each client attracted.
●  Ready content to be shared with your referral link embedded.
●  The money earned is automatically deposited into your Affiliate 

Balance.

You have a blog and you regularly 
write articles to make money on 
contextual ads. In addition to these 
earnings you will also receive a bonus 
from Worldcore for promoting payment 
products.

Case 1

You are a consulting agency with a 
significant/considerable number of 
customers who is looking for some or all 
of the services which they can get by 
joining Worldcore. Suggest that they 
should open an account with Worldcore 
and start using it the same day. Your 
customers will get excellent service 
for their businesses and you will get 
a lifetime earnings based on revenue 
share through Worldcore “Enroll client” 
functionality.

Case 2

3737



Security and 
technologies

Before its launch in 2015, in studying the latest security technologies and 
the tools, used by other similar financial institutions. Finally, the specialists 

of Worldcore have developed a unique algorithm that united all the best 
world practices and ensured absolute safety of the system. 

Worldcore also provides a complete package of authentication solutions 
for its customers, including several biometric security options and 

standard two-factor authentication via SMS.

As part of ‘Know Your Client” policy, Worldcore is very sensitive to the 
verification process. Also, all transactions and accounts are constantly 

monitored for suspicious activity with our internal 
Anti-Fraud monitoring engine. 

38



Although all clients normally secure their 
accounts themselves, we offer a wide range 
of tools to protect access to your account.

Protection of customers’ 
accounts

Worldcore is PCI DSS Level 1 
compliant service provider, that’s one of 
the highest signs of security and trust in 
THE FINANCIAL services industry.

FACEKEY

It is a biometric authentication option that recognizes users by 
their faces. The system makes three shots that are carefully 
kept within the database and are used for face recognition 
while accessing an account to authenticate customers. Unlike 
the similar instruments used by other systems, FaceKey is very 
sensitive and cannot be cheated with photos instead of a real 
face because of the developed face liveness detection system. 

VOICEKEY
It is a security instrument that authenticates customers by their
voice. The system is compassionate and can identify people 
even if their voice changes due to illness. To enable this option, 
the users are offered to make three voice prints which are used 
by the system as a sample.

39



FINGERPRINT

It is one of the most preferred 
authentication options all over the 
world. *Available in mobile apps.

ONE-TIME PIN

PIN-codes to e-mail for transfer 
confirmation

SMS-PIN

It is also available for confirming 
transactions.

Like no one else, Worldcore understands that 
in the 21st CENTURY, security should not only be 
effective but convenient as well so we offer A 
WIDE selection of options on your choice.

40



Worldcore has developed a scoring system for assessing 
suspicious activity in every account. Transparency of 
transactions is only a part of this system. During the 
monitoring, more than ten measures are taken.

The basis of the antifraud 
policy is:

We highly appreciate the trust of our customers and work 
hard to justify your faith in us. We are ready to work 25 
hours a day and eight days a week to provide the excellent 
service and surpass all your  expectations.

ANTI-FRAUD MEASURES

Our Compliance department 
continuously monitors all the activity 
in accounts.

Commitment to KYC policy that allows 
the KYC department to learn more 
about its customers and prevent 
possible fraudulent transactions.

ANTI
FRAUD

41



Worldcore 
platforms
As an innovative company, Worldcore understands 
that being successful means always keeping a 
finger on the pulse, and offers its customers a full 
range of platforms to stay on top of any situation 
anywhere in the world.

Along with the conventional desktop version the 
users can take advantage of mobile versions. 
Currently, our developers work hard on the Apps 
for Android and iOS-based devices. The Apps will 
mirror a comprehensive functionality of desktop 
version.

424242



Like the desktop version,  
Worldcore mobile app offers:

●  View balances and statements.
●  Make instant transfers within the system.
●  Send and receive bank transfers.
●  Order plastic and virtual cards.
●  Cryptocurrency funding.
●  Make transfers to any Visa/Mastercard/

UnionPay cards.
●  Top-up mobile phones in over 170 

countries.
●  Load Worldcore debit card(s).
●  Manage security settings.

434343



Worldcore mobile application offers FOUR different 
access options, which distinguishes it favourably 
from other companies. They are as follows:     
VoiceKey, FACEKEY, FINGERPRINTS, ACCESS WITH PASSWORD.

Also, application enables users to generate a a unique 
payment QR code, which can be later sent via e-mail or 
messenger of the recipients to get payment.

Worldcore is one of the most technology-intensive and 
trusted payment processors in Europe. As such we never 
put our credibility on the line. All platforms are thoroughly 
tested before their official launch.  As of  mid August, 2017 
the mobile Apps are 75% complete. Expected release date 
is the end of October.

444444



Marketing 
activities

It is vital to increase recognition of Worldcore  and 
support its popularity. Our marketing team uses all 
media channels to attract more users and to build 

brand awareness. Online marketing, mass media, SMM 
and active participation in all kinds of FIN-TECH events 

in THE EUROPEAN UNION make today’s Worldcore.

45



46



Being a socially active company, Worldcore constantly tries to 
be closer to people and to support various events. Currently, 
the company is holding negotiations to sponsor Golf Federation 
of Czech Republic. In the future, Worldcore plans to expand its 
sponsorship activity and support other sports and events, such as 
hockey, racing or football games. 

For us, advertising is not a luxury or 
form of self-expression, it’s a way to say 
that we have something to offer.

The advertising budget 
of Worldcore exceeds 
600,000.00 Euros per year.

47



Online
marketing
The advertising strategy of Worldcore’s online 
marketing includes many various  activities aimed 
at building brand recognition and promotion of 
specific products of the company.

Advertising on YouTube
During 2016 - 2017 Worldcore has carried out some ad 
campaigns to promote the following products:

●  Worldcore prepaid debit card.
●  Worldcore prepaid virtual card.
●  Worldcore® VoiceKey.
●  Worldcore® FaceKey.
●  Worldcore Mass Payments.

Video advertising 
of Worldcore has 
millions of views.

484848



Advertising through Google 
Adwords
Starting from 2015 Worldcore is using a banner and 
contextual advertising through Google Adwords. 
The company uses Adwords to promote its primary 
payment products, such as a Worldcore payment 
account and Worldcore® Prepaid Debit Card.

As a result of this campaign the banners of 
Worldcore are displayed on the websites of 
Bloomberg, Forbes, Tech Crunch, Market Watch, 
Venture Beat, Business Insider, Google Finance, 
Yahoo Finance, Investing.com, Wired, etc.

SMM
Worldcore knows its target audience, and that’s why 
it carries out the targeted advertising campaigns 
on FaceBook, Twitter and LinkedIn. Forming a large 
package of specific targeting ads, we try to start a 
dialogue with all audiences.

Holding of ICO and redirection of development 
course towards the blockchain industry introduces 
the company to new communication channels - 
advertising at the blockchain resources.

494949



Once, the CMO of Worldcore said that after a conference he met a man who came to 
listen to his speech only because of statements about Worldcore. Indeed, they talk 

about us in the Fintech community, but they write about us even more.

The company’s press releases can be found on the pages of The Paypers, Let’s can be 
found on the pages of The Paypers, Let’s Talk Payments, Payment Eye, Bne Intellinews, 

Business Wire, PR Newswire, Finance Magnates, Fintech Finance, etc.

Mass media 
promotion

505050



One of the major publications in 
2016 was the mention of the founder 
of  Worldcore in Financial Times. In 
that article, Alex Nasonov, CEO and 
Founder of Worldcore was included in 
the annual ranking of the New Europe 
100 list of change makers in Central 
and Eastern Europe by the Financial 
Times.
Representatives of mass media also 

presented Worldcore with an award. 
In 2016, Worldcore won “Best Fintech 
Newcomer” in “Banking Award 2016” 
by Business News Europe.
Today, Worldcore is still open to 
dialogue with all media; the company 
tries to engage in discussion with the 
fin-tech markets found on the pages 
of the world press.

FINALIST

bne IntelliNews  
is pleased to congratulate 

Worldcore 
on winning the 2016 award for
Best fintech newcomer

BEST
BANK
2016

515151



52

Participation in exhibitions
and conferences
The company actively participates 
in all significant events of the 
Fintech industry, including 
exhibitions and conferences, where 
anyone can learn more about 
the company, its activities, and 
new services and technologies 
launched.
Worldcore not only participates in 
exhibitions and conferences but 
also sponsors them.
As a sponsor, Worldcore 
participated in such events as 
the Finovate Europe, Money2020 
Europe, European Fintech Awards 
and Phoenix Fintech Awards.
The Fintech community knows 
Worldcore as an active participant 
in various events devoted to 
development of the Fintech 
industry.

Our company is trying to introduce 
its new  payment products and 
technologies at these events. We 
were the first company at Finovate 
to announce the launch of VoiceKey 
and FaceKey, new authentication 
methods for accessing accounts. 
In the summer of 2017 Worldcore 
has introduced its  Smart Invoicing 
service for business customers. 
By making our announcements, we 
try to not only be the first but to be 
the engine that drives the Fintech 
industry forward. 



Profit for Worldcore is not a source of wealth, but a 
business development stimulator. We try to form our 
commissions in such a way that people can comfortably 
use the financial product and at the same time understand 
what they are paying for.
It is necessary to note that despite the fact that Worldcore 
fees are fixed, the company offers exceptional conditions, 
including a reduction in pricing for the companies with a 
monthly transaction volume exceeding €500,000.

How does Worldcore
generate profit?
●  Currency exchange services.
●  Recharge mobile phones in over 170 countries.
●  International money transfers to any Visa/MasterCard/

UnionPay cards.
●  Cryptocurrency transfers to deposit into a Worldcore account 

or withdraw from it.
●  Bank transfers. We charge fee for depositing into a Worldcore 

account with a third party wire transfer and for withdrawals 
to a bank .

●  Plastic and virtual cards. Any transactions with plastic and 
virtual cards of Worldcore are subject to fee, including card .

5353



Fee summary:  

More detailed information is available in the Fees section at
Worldcore.eu/Public/Fees

●  Accepting bank transfer from third party:

     1.75%
●  Debit card issuance:
     20 USD / 20 EUR
●  Debit card DHL delivery:
     75 USD  / 70 EUR
●  Debit card top-up:
     0.99 USD  / 0.99 EUR
●  International money transfers to any Visa/

MasterCard UnionPay credit and debit cards:
     6 USD +2% / 6 EUR+2%

5454



Q1 2016
1,486,654.75 EUR Q4 2016

15,289,092.71 EUR

Q3 2016
9,406,110.08 EUR

Q2 2016
4,471,121.93 EUR

Q1 2017
16,338,321.45 EUR

Q2 2017
19,656,759.33 EUR

We do our best to disclose the maximum 
number of financial indicators to the public. 
We let the potential ICO participants to 
evaluate the development of Worldcore and 
observe the quarterly revenue statistics.

STATISTICS
OF PROFIT
& VOLUME
(2016-2017)

Financial
Highlights 2016-2017

VOLUME

55



As they say, the non-financier 
sees plain figures, the financier 
- dynamics of growth. Obviously 
the ICO and new payment 
solutions designed for the crypto 
community will accelerate growth 
of transaction volume and profit. 
What will be the figures? As early 
as March 31, 2019, we will all know 
not only the profit of  Worldcore 
for the past year, but also the part 
of company’s net profit paid to 
WRC token holders. Profit for 2017 
fiscal year won’t be paid because 
ICO roadmap will be started 
closer to the end of 2017 and will 
include investments in company’s 
development.

Q1 2016
18,406 EUR Q4 2016

118,792 EUR

Q3 2016
97,944 EUR

Q2 2016
65,426 EUR

Q1 2017
145,810 EUR

Q2 2017
177,549 EURPROFIT

56



Looking 
ahead
Though being a successful company, Worldcore is always on 
the quest to find new ways to improve. A team at Worldcore 
constantly studies the market, analyzes people’s needs and 
keeps abreast of technology developments.

Currently, the company works to improve  mobile applications, 
since most customers prefer not to lose control over their 
accounts even for a moment.  

Another prospective direction for development is the 
blockchain industry. As of today it is the most rapidly 
developing sector that ensures safety, transparency and 
effectiveness in financial operations. The biggest banks 
in the world choose this way of development to offer more 
competitive services. Transformation into blockchain will get 
Worldcore to the next level and provide  new opportunities to 
all of its customers, ensuring better service.  



By setting lofty goals we go 
higher; by achieving these 

goals we become stronger.

●  Membership in SWIFT, SEPA, VISA, 
MASTERCARD, CHINA UNIONPAY, 
JCB, AMERICAN EXPRESS;

●  Launch of branded and co-
branded prepaid debit cards for 
enterprises;

●  Dedicated IBAN for each account;
●  Opening 10 more offices in EU 

countries;
●  Launch of Worldcore-branded 

market-leading brokerage 
platform for blockchain assets 
trading;

●  Launch of WorldcoreTV - the 
world’s first 24/7 hybrid of a 
TV channel and digital media 
focused on Fintech & BlockChain 
industries with online and 
international 24/7 broadcasting 
through Satellite and IPTV;

●  Setting up WorldcoreTV 
advertising marketplace on 
an auction basis to efficiently 
monetize WorldcoreTV;

●  Transformation of Worldcore 
infrastructure into the blockchain 
technologies;

●  Launch of a Blockchain-based 
cash transfer platform for 
easy and instant conversion of 
cryptocurrencies;

●  Global transformation into a 
Swiss bank with revolutionary 
investment, loan and payment 
products;

●  Sponsorship of world-famous 
football and hockey teams and 
racing championships.

The other plans of Worldcore include:

585858



We at Worldcore do not have dreams. We set goals. Our 
current goal is ICO, which will enable us to reach the upper 
stage of our development and boost the growth of the 
company. If we succeed, we will be able to put into life 
everything we have planned out for years. In other words, 
ICO is the door that leads to a better future.

Holding 
of ICO
What is a dream? It is something that 
we want to have but cannot due to some 
circumstances. What is a goal? It is a 
dream that can be achieved.  

59



It is a smart contract that entitles its owner to receive profit from 
Worldcore. Worldcore’s higher profits will cause an increase 
in WRC token price, since the growing revenue share amounts 
will surely attract the interest of other traders who want to buy 
those tokens. Your rights to tokens are stored in decentralized 
blockchain registry and cannot be modified by anybody.

What is a token?

30% of company profit will be distributed to all token holders.
Each holder receives an amount in proportion to the number 
of tokens purchased. Payments will be made to Ethereum 
cryptocurrency wallets.

How will the profits be paid 
to investors?ICO, Initial Coin Offering, is an event held by Worlccore to raise 

funds for its further development and accelerated growth. The 
main idea is to raise money during ICO by selling WRC tokens 
to the investors, who believe in the project’s future. After ICO is 
completed, the tokens will become available for public trading 
at a price higher than ICO price with active growth based on 
statistics and completed steps. 

What is ICO?

Access to reports is determined by the number of initially 
purchased tokens. The investors, owning the tokens valued 
at over USD 50,000, have access to special investor’s area of 
Worldcore.

Transparency

60



Key points of upcoming ICO:
●  Date:

October 2, 2017 (presale) / October 14, 
2017 (crowdsale) 

●  Symbol:
     WRC
●  Token price:
     0.10 USD
●  Total supply:
     1,000,000,000 (one billion) tokens

●  Revenue share:

     30% of annual profit
●  Payable date:
     on March 31 of each year 
●  All unsold tokens will be destroyed

61



We know that we can reach our goal without ICO, as we have already done a 
good job by creating our company using our own resources. Nevertheless, ICO 
will help us reach our goal in a much shorter amount of time; what is more 
important for us is that we will do it together! 
Worldcore tokens are one of the best digital assets on the market to date, based 
on a profitable and actively developing business, working in one of the fastest 
growing areas - fintech industry.

62



Interest to 
investors, 

participating 
in ICO

Tokens are the stocks of the 21st century. Millions of exchange 
brokers worldwide earn millions by trading tokens at digital asset 

exchanges, such as Poloniex, Kraken, Bitfinex, GDAX, Bitstamp, etc.  

The success of the stock market is largely due to the fact that the 
stocks reflect the shares in existing companies. However, today 
in the ICO market one can find a great number of tokens of non-

existent companies. This is the problem!

63636363



Usually, people without experience in the cryptocurrency 
industry cannot understand what ICO is and how can they 
profit from it. Since ICO is quite a new event on the financial 
market, not everyone knows the  benefits of buying tokens 
at ICO. 
Worldcore offers double profit to its investors. In addition 
to traditional pre-sale of tokens at the reduced price, the 
company will pay part of its annual profit to all those who 
supports its blockchain project.

64

All company’s financials will be 
shown in financial reports and all the 
investors owning the tokens valued 
at over USD 50,000 will have ACCESS to 
Worldcore real-time financial reports.

646464



6565

By participating in 
ICO you support your 
favorite company and 
participate in Fintech 
business.

Token price increases 
significantly after the 
launch;

The profit will be paid 
on March 31 of each 
year;

You can sell your 
token immediately 
after ICO and gain 
profit;

Token price is 10-
30% lower than after 
official release;

Each holder receives 
a revenue share in 
proportion to the 
number of tokens 
purchased;

65

Reasons to become an investor:

Worldcore is a well-established 
company that has been working on 
the fin-tech market for more than 

2 years already. We existed, exist 
and will continue existing! And it 

means that all risk factors of WRC 
token purchases are minimized.

30% of company 
profit will be 
distributed to token 
holders;

656565



Financial roadmap 
for funds received
Very often we hear a question “Why do you need ICO?” Those who ask us 
are sure that we are going to launch some new product or something like 
that. In fact, most companies start their ICO to raise money to develop 
something new. Most companies but not Worldcore. We are a rapidly 
growing company with a wide array of products and  healthy ambitions, 
and what we want is to  become a world-class financial institution.  

What is a successful ICO for us?  

●   Membership in VISA, MASTERCARD, 
CHINA UNIONPAY, SWIFT and SEPA 
networks. (Q1 2018)

●   Launch of branded and co-branded 
prepaid debit cards for enterprises. 
(Q1 2018)

●   Dedicated IBAN for every account. 
(Q1 2018)

●   Extension of marketing budget, 
sales and marketing team to triple 
growth rate. (Q4 2017)

●   Opening of 5 offices in EU countries 
with local targeted marketing, sales 
and support teams to increase 
attractiveness of Worldcore services 
to local audience. (Q2-Q3 2018)

●   Launch of Worldcore-branded  
brokerage platform for blockchain 
assets trading. (Q2 2018)

$5M

6666



67

●   Membership in JCB and American Express. 
●   Opening of 5 fully-packed offices in 5 more EU countries. (Q1 
2019)

●   Launch of UK-regulated Blockchain-powered P2P lending platform 
with unique features. (Q3 2018)

$10M

●   Launch of Blockchain-based cash transfer platform for easy and 
instant conversion of cryptocurrencies into cash and vice versa in 
1000+ of pickup points internationally including all Worldcore offices. 
(Q1 2019)

●   Launch of WorldcoreTV - the world’s first 24/7 hybrid of TV 
channel and digital media focused on Fintech & BlockChain 
industries with online and international 24/7 broadcasting through 
Satellite and IPTV. (Q2 2018)

●   Setting up WorldcoreTV advertising marketplace on an auction 
basis to efficiently monetize WorldcoreTV. (Q3 2018)

●   International indoor and outdoor marketing campaigns for all 
products in most of the European countries

$25M

●   Global transformation into a Swiss bank with revolutionary 
investment, loan, brokerage, insurance and payment products due to 
the great friendliness of this jurisdictions to cryptocurrencies. 
(Q2-Q3 2019)

●   Sponsorship of world-famous sport teams in football, hockey and 
racing championships to gain the highest brand visibility with further 
boosted revenue growth

●   Setting up special and unique conditions for all ICO investors.

$50M

6767



68

The hard-cap (limit) of Worldcore ICO is 100m USD. All the 
funds exceeding 50m USD will be used for deeper market 
development, added to the Worldcore future bank capital 
and used for further IPO.

$100M

Welcome to ICO of Worldcore!

6868



Publication of 
profit reports 
for Worldcore 

investors

69

Transparency and openness are the main condition of doing 
financial business online, especially if it comes to blockchain 

technologies. Worldcore is a fully transparent company that 
hides no secrets from its investors. 

The report of Worldcore after ICO will include all the 
information related to that event. The detailed financial report, 

including profit payouts, will be shown in financial reports.

696969



However, not all the investors will be able to see real-time statistics 
from the first day since ICO is finished. Only the investors who have 
purchased he tokens for more than 50,000 USD will have access 
to Worldcore financial statistics. The rest of the investors will just 
receive their revenue share in accordance with the number of tokens 
purchased and audited annual profit reports.

In total, 30% of company profit will be 
distributed to token holders. Payments will 
be made every year on March 31. Payouts 
will be automatically processed in Ethereum 
cryptocurrency.

707070



Trading 
Worldcore 
tokens and 
profit on them
Tokens are the perfect way to participate in company’s growth. In 
the case of Worldcore, the value of the company is profit, 30% of it in 
particular, which will be transferred to token holders. If slow money 
is not your style, it’s time to think about trading. At the beginning 
of the 20th century, people earned billions from stock trading. What 
distinguishes those stocks from tokens? Nothing. This means that 
you can earn billions from token trading in the 21st century.

71



The list of exchanges which can be used for trading of WRC tokens will be published at the end of ICO.

Today there are hundreds of exchanges on the market, and your future profit depends not on the name of the 
potential trading platform but on the purchase of WRC token.

WHAT HAPPENS AFTER ICO?
After ICO, the tokens will be traded on 
cryptocurrency exchanges. The token 
holders will be offered either to start 
trading or sell their assets at the market 
rate to fix a profit.

HOW TO START TRADING?

To start trading the token holders will 
be asked to create an account on the 
website of cryptocurrency exchange. 
Having registered with any of the 
exchanges, the token holders can go to 
the section with other cryptocurrencies, 
find the most suitable rate, and submit 
sell order. It is recommended to review 
several cryptocurrency exchanges before 
starting trading, as all the services have 
their own fees which may vary drastically.

HOW TO CHOOSE AN EXCHANGE TO 
TRADE?
There are many exchanges, offering a 
wide array of deposit and withdrawal 
options. The users just need to choose 
the one that suits them the most. Here is 
a short list of the exchanges that can be 
used to start trading. 

72



Worldcore is a reflection of me. 
I devoted more than three years 
to this project to offer the best 

payment products, introduce the most 
advanced security technologies, and to 
develop dynamically.

We became the №1 company in the 
Czech Republic, and I am sure that in the 
next two years we will enter the top 20 in 
Europe. I have put my soul and invested 
more than 3 million euros of my funds to 
Worldcore, to make it the company you see 
and use today. And I believe that we will 
do better after getting invested through 
ICO, by boosting the company growth and 
extending our product portfolio.

Worldcore’s ICO is a history in the 
making. By buying WRC tokens, you get 
an opportunity to participate in a great 
business success story while making 
money in the process.

WORLDCORE FOUNDER’S 
MESSAGE TO INVESTORS

73


