





























Date: April 16, 2018 
Version: 3 ENG

tokensale.xchangerate.io



2
CoinMarketCap. Global Charts:  https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/
CoinMarketCap. Bitcoin (BTC) Historical Data:  https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/historical-data/2

1

Note: XchangeRate research is currently an active phase. 
The updated versions of this white paper will appear at:  h t t p s : / / w w w . g o o g l e . c o m / u r l ? q = h t t p s : / / t o k e n s a l e . 
x c h a n g e r a t e . i o / s t a t i c / p d f / X c h a n g e R a t e - W h i t e p a p e r _ e n . p d f .  
For comments and suggestions, please contact us at support@XchangeRate.io

These digital currencies are gaining ground as viable options for everyday 
investors. However, the market remains volatile in the short term. It should be 
noted that Bitcoin’s historic high was followed by a rapid drop. 
Cryptocurrencies, on the whole, are vulnerable to external influences ranging 
from hacking to regulations and the movement of other currencies.

High prices caused by surges and drops in the market can be a deterrent for 
potential investors. Hundreds of interdependent digital currencies and the 
24/7 nature of the global trading create a challenging market. Making 
decisions whether to buy or to sell can be an intimidating, nerve-wracking 
experience for an investor, with the real potential for huge gains and losses in 
fiat currencies.

XchangeRate presents a solution: an intelligent algorithm or a “robot” that 
helps investors navigate in the complex cryptocurrency market and make 
expert decisions, all in one convenient platform. Data pipelines from plugins 
and APIs combine with unique, relevant metrics to detect market attitudes. 
Investors set buy/sell parameters and choose to make manual or automatic 
trades triggered by if-then conditions. Users are no longer obliged to make 
every decision themselves and separately track trends and currencies. 
Instead, the XchangeRate robot makes intelligent decisions on its users’ 
behalf, enabling investors to trade popular currencies around the clock based 
on a set of criteria and interpretation of good data analysis proprietary to XRR 
platform.

The fiscal year 2017 has been 
a banner year for the 
cryptocurrency market. 
Currently, trading volume is 
valued in hundreds of billions 
of American dollars (USD) . 
The price of Bitcoin has risen 
exponentially, relatively 
recently achieving an all-time 
high of $20000 approximately 
per coin in December 2017 . 
Altcoins such as Dash, 
Ethereum, Litecoin, and Ripple 
have experienced similar 
explosive growth throughout 
the fourth quarter.

Abstract

2

1



3

Abstract
Table of contents 
Definitions
Market and Industry

Expanding Cryptocurrency Market  
Problem  
Existing Cryptocurrency Trading Solutions
Project Details

XchangeRate Robot  
Product Concept  
Mission Statement
Vision Statement 
Platform Ecosystem
Who is the project for?
Building the Robot 

XchangeRate Foundation 
Decision Making 
Metrics

Application Methods
How it works
Business Model

XchangeRate Token
Token Details
Token Deployment
Token Use Case
ERC20 Smart Contract Technology
Token Distribution

Token Generating Event
Pre-Sale Terms
ICO Terms 
Funds Distribution

Roadmap
FAQ
Team
Advisors

Community
Disclaimer

Rights and liabilities 
Warning about the token
Sales restrictions
Warning about the ICO inherent risks
Very early project stage 
Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering 
procedure 

References

2
3
4
5
5
7
9
10
11
11
11
11
12
12
13
13
13
14
15
16
17
18
18
19
20
20
20
21
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
29
30
30
31
31
32
33

Table of contents



XchangeRate robot (XRR) is an intelligent algorithm that helps investors 
navigate in the complex cryptocurrency market and make expert decisions.

XchangeRate (XRR) token/coin is a utility token used to transact on the 
xchangerate.io.

XchangeRate platform is a cryptocurrency trading web application with an 
intelligent algorithm XchangeRate robot (XRR) implemented.

KYC (Know Your Client) is a standard form in the investment industry that 
ensures investment advisors know detailed information about their clients' 
risk tolerance .

AML (Anti-Money Laundering) is a set of procedures, laws and regulations 
designed to stop the practice of generating income through illegal actions .

RSI (Relative Strength Index) is a momentum indicator, that compares the 
magnitude of recent gains and losses over a specified time period to 
measure speed and change of price movements of a security .

MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) is a trend-following 
momentum indicator that shows the relationship between two moving 
averages of prices.

EMA (Exponential Moving Average) is a type of moving average that is 
similar to a simple moving average, except that more weight is given to the 
latest data .

PRR (Price Relativity Ratio) is a ratio that compares the global price of a coin 
and the Ask/Bid on the exchange.

Suitability Index (SI) is the index that measures the average rate of coin 
traffic or demand on a coin on an exchange.

Coin Monitoring Board (CMB) is a console the XchangeRate robot has where 
the data read from over all the platforms is presented to the trader to help 
ease the decision making process.

FR (Frugality Ratio) is the ratio of the total payment of a mechanism to a 
desired payment bound.

4

Definitions

3

4

5

6

Investopedia. Staff, I. (2018). Know Your Client - KYC:  https://www.investopedia.com/terms/k/knowyourclient.asp 4 
Investopedia. Staff, I. (2018). Anti Money Laundering - AML:  https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/aml.asp
Investopedia. Staff, I. (2018). Relative Strength Index - RSI:  https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/rsi.asp
Investopedia. Staff, I. (2018). Exponential Moving Average - EMA:  https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/ema.asp

4
3

6
5



CoinMarketCap. Global Charts:  https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/
Businesswire. Research and Markets. Worldwide Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Market Growth at CAGR of 35.2% - Drivers, 
Opportunities, Trends, and Forecasts 2016-2022 - Research and Markets: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/
20170112005494/en/Worldwide-Cryptocurrency-Blockchain-Market-Growth-C AGR-35.2
PRNewswire. Current Cryptocurrency Market Developments: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/current-
cryptocurrency-market-developments-657197493.html
Latoken blog. LAT Research: the Exponential Growth of Crypto Markets to $5 trillion: https://blog.latoken.com/lat-research-
the-exponential-growth-of-crypto-markets-to-5-trillion-416c73429148
CoinMarketCap. Bitcoin (BTC) Historical Data:  https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/historical-data/
CoinMarketCap. Cryptocurrency Market Capitalizations:  https://coinmarketcap.com/coins/views/all/
CoinSpeaker. Cryptocurrency and ICO Market Analysis [January 15-21, 2018]: https://www.coinspeaker.com/2018/01/23/
cryptocurrency-ico-market-analysis-january-15-21-2018/

8
7

10

11
12
13

9

7

8

9

10

11

12 13

Cryptocurrency has grown at an exponential rate in 2017. The total market 
capitalization of cryptocurrencies grew from about $17.74 billion in January 
to over $512 billion in early December . Significant growth of the 
cryptocurrency and blockchain technology market is predicted to continue. 
One estimate shows a compound annual growth rate of 35.2% during the 
forecast period of 2016-2022, aggregating $42.16 billion by 2022 . Another 
estimate expects the market to grow to $51 billion by 2023 . By 2025, total 
market capitalization could exceed $5 trillion, as crypto wallet penetration is 
expected to exceed 5% of the world’s population and asset-backed 
cryptocurrencies give rise to trading asset tokens .

The growth of this global phenomenon has been driven in part by Bitcoin, 
which sold for as much as $1003.08 per coin in January 2017 and reached a 
historical high of $20089 in December . While Bitcoin retained at least 50% of 
the market share during the second half of 2017, altcoins have experienced 
significant growth as well. CoinMarketCap currently tracks 1550 
cryptocurrencies , up from 617 at the start of the year .

Market and Industry
Expanding Cryptocurrency Market

5



6

14

Statista. Smartphone penetration worldwide 2014-2020: https://www.statista.com/statistics/203734/global-smartphone-
penetration-per-capita-since-2005/

14

A handful of major mainstream financial institutions have invested in the 
cryptocurrency trading, including Goldman Sachs, NASDAQ, and the NYSE. 
The Chicago Board of Exchange debuted Bitcoin futures in December, which 
may serve as an attraction for additional mainstream investors. However, 
recent surges in cryptocurrency prices and the market growth can largely be 
attributed to consumers’ increasing interest in trading cryptocurrencies. 
Other growth drivers include: consumer desire for the democratization of 
investing and saving outside the traditional banking structure, as well as 
increased personal purchasing power (PPP). Technology remains vital to 
market growth, as computational power continues to increase and an 
estimated 67% of the global population will own smartphones by 2019 .



Statista. Quarterly Bitcoin price index 2012-2017:
https://www.statista.com/statistics/654937/bitcoin-price-index-quaterly-data/
Corbet, S., Meegan, A., Larkin, C., Lucey, B. and Yarovaya, L. Exploring the Dynamic Relationships between Cryptocurrencies 
and Other Financial Assets.

15

16

16

15

Cryptocurrency is notoriously volatile and can provide barriers to entry, as 
evidenced by Bitcoin. The Bitcoin price index grew from $367 in January 
2016 to over $4000 at the end of August 2017 and experienced explosive 
growth in Q4 of the same year , but the market saw wild upward and 
downward swings in the short terms.

Other currencies, while selling at lower prices than Bitcoin, have similarly 
experienced high growth and volatility. It should be noted that cryptocurrency 
remains vulnerable to outside influences. A recent study found that Bitcoin 
prices can affect other major cryptocurrencies, especially during periods of 
rapid price growth and falls. The study noted several factors that highlight 
cryptocurrency interconnectivity and potential volatility, including changes to 
regulation, the operational effectiveness or presence/absence of an 
exchange and technological failures brought about by application design or 
malicious computer hacking .

Problem

7



8

Cryptocurrency is here to stay. As its popularity and visibility increase, 
average income earners are becoming interested in investing. However, high 
prices and the unpredictability of the market can deter potential investors 
from entering the constantly fluctuating cryptocurrency trade. Without an in-
depth understanding of the cryptocurrency market, potential entrants may 
feel hobbled in making decisions of either to buy or to sell, especially given 
the huge fiat losses they may experience if they execute a trade at the wrong 
time. Moreover, no investor is able to remain constantly informed on every 
nuance of a 24/7 global market with multiple, interdependent currencies.

The market needs an algorithmic tool not only to help users analyze the 
exchanges but relieve them from the responsibility of decision-making. In 
other words, the market needs a robot, who works for them.



At the moment all trading solutions available on the market can be divided 
into the following groups: 

• informational: accumulating information from the internet, collecting 
different types of information (news, analysis, research, etc.) useful for 
traders on one easy-to-read platform (ex. Hade platform) making it easy 
for users to sort, filter, and process in order to make informed decisions;
• providing trading signals and predicting the market move (ex. Fintab, 
CoinFi, Signals, Taylor, Trademindx, Savedroid, Fox trading, Dropil, etc) 
basing on automatically collected and analysed data or using the AI. 

We will not review all the existing systems in detail, because all of them are 
leaving the decision making process to traders. 

The XchangeRate Robot (XRR) on the contrary detects and makes decisions 
on buy/sell attitudes itself. Our ultimate pursuit is to become a universal 
platform where users of our tools can leverage on our unique metric to have 
an edge on exchanges. Our metric has the unique ability to predict price 
direction by evaluating patterns in data that are publicly available on the 
exchange using API. These data characteristics are available and applicable 
on several exchanges where other instruments are exchanged like stocks, 
gold, oil, forex and other derivatives.

XchangeRate is well on her pathway to being a central platform that trades 
these instruments using XRR tokens as the only currency used to 
communicate value among users and platform access.

Existing Cryptocurrency Trading 
Solutions

9



Name: 

Project 
type: 

Company:

Website:  

Head 
Office: 

Project Details

10

ThinkAI Inc.

https://
xchangerate.io/

Unit 117, Orion 
Mall, Palm Street, 
Victoria, Mahe, 
Seychelles

XchangeRate 
Platform

Fintech platform



Product Concept

XchangeRate Robot

11

XchangeRate.io is a data-driven robot that makes 
decisions based on the 'buy' and 'sell' attitudes on the 
cryptocurrency exchanges and user parameters. Plugins 
and APIs feed the robot its data and unique metrics 
provide its analyzing power. XchangeRate is a platform 
that will keep the number of supported exchanges it 
trades with via API increasing.

XchangeRate is intended to be a web application that 
will be responsive on mobile devices. The product’s 
platform will support and advertise crowd sale. 
XchangeRate uses API from the most trusted sources 
including cyptocompare.com, coinmarketcap.com, and 
all supporting exchanges.

To make data analysis and interpretation of derived metrics 
easier and to link it in real time to the market, so that the user can 

use the automated software to make gains.

Mission Statement

Interpreting Dataflow of token metric and market instruments 
through in-depth research and the application of Artificial 

Intelligence to derive value and maximize benefits.

Vision Statement



The project is targeted to Cryptocurrency Traders for use. 
They will require XRR tokens to subscribe to the regular use of 
the robot. The XRR token holders are those that will supply 
the XRR token for use to subscribers through centralized and 
decentralized exchanges.

The robot has 4 areas:
● The (Coin Monitoring Board),
● The Automation Robot,
● The MVP and
● The Marketplace.

The Coin Monitoring Board is a dashboard panel that tabulates the 
analyzed data from different data sources and displays it in a way a 
trader can sort to identify the market sentiments around available coins 
on the exchanges.

The Automation Robot is the part of the XchangeRate platform where 
strategy settings can be issued to the robot to automate trades using API 
and secret keys.

The MVP is the part of XchangeRate’s automation that does not require 
username, password, API or secret key but uses a preset to filter markets 
with price action.

While the Marketplace is the data hub where strategy, users, and 
performances are tabulated for users who want to adopt strategy can 
come to implement other user’s strategy in exchange for XRR tokens.

Platform EcosystemPlatform Ecosystem

Who is the Project for?

12



13

Building the Robot
XchangeRate Foundation
The XchangeRate Robot gathers data across multiple 
platforms for analysis using metrics for intelligent 
filters. These data have structures that give them an 
immense historical value that can be used for trend and 
forecasting. XRR implementation of these structures will 
allow for the archiving of these data assets in patterns 
that break specific user information away to store data, 
data sources, strategy and time in a way that can be 
used for valuable analysis. This will be an age long 
commitment XRR team will engage to leave these data 
as a contribution to analyzing markets – a valuable tool 
for research.

Decision Making
The XchangeRate Robot (XRR) is built upon a series of 
algorithms to detect and make decisions on buy/sell 
attitudes. The Relative Strength Index (RSI), is a momentum 
oscillator that measures the speed and change of price 
movements. The RSI oscillates between zero and 100. 
Traditionally, the RSI is considered overbought when above 70 
and oversold when below 30. Signals can be generated by 
finding divergences and failure swings. RSI can also be used 
to identify general trends.



Moving average convergence divergence (MACD) is a trend-following 
momentum indicator that shows the relationship between two moving 
averages of prices. The MACD is calculated by subtracting the 26-day 
exponential moving average (EMA) from the 12-day EMA. A nine-day EMA of 
the MACD called the "signal line" is then plotted on top of the MACD, 
functioning as a trigger for buy and sell signals.

Price Relativity Ratio (PRR) is a ratio that compares the global price of a coin 
and the Ask/Bid on the exchange. The ratio bases its assumption on the fact 
that the price on the exchange tends to the global price. However, it would be 
safe to use some other indicators to strengthen the argument that the PRR 
provides.

The Suitability Index (SI) is the index that measures the average rate of coin 
traffic or demand on a coin on an exchange. It seeks to inform the trader if 
the demand is incremental or decremental. It helps the trader to make a 
buying decision based on how soon the trader would like to exit the trade.

14

Metrics



15

Application Methods

The XchangeRate robot has a console where the data 
read from over all the platforms is presented to the 
trader to help ease the decision making process. The 
trader can make informed choices based on the 
strength of the indices provided. This console is named 
Coin Monitoring Board (CMB). The CMB provides the 
RSI, MACD, PRR, FR and the SI very handy to the trader. 
However, the XchangeRate robot is designed as an 
automated tool to function as a smart buy and sell robot 
using these indicators as the elements used to filter 
coins on the exchange.

The watch list, on the other hand, does not do the actual 
exchange transaction but uses the preset filter to alert 
the trader when a coin has reached the indicators 
specified by the user.



The Uniqueness of the XchangeRate Robot lies in its ability to create a 
comparison of metrics across all the coins on an exchange by using the 
metric sorting mechanism. This simple but powerful method empowers the 
trader with the ability to always make the best decision per time on filtering 
coins with the acceptable growth indices.

XchangeRate implements metrics with broadly tested and trusted results. 
The Company will also explore the applications of the metric in other 
commodities and financial instruments on global platforms via exposed 
interfaces through API. The availability of these platforms would open up 
Xchangerate’s offering to a global audience with an ever growing user base.

16

How it works
XchangeRate frees the trader from the complexity of reading graphs and 
charts and helps the trader with readable data easy to interpret for immediate 
automated or informed decisions. Essentially, the product is a Trading Robot 
that combines these feeds into the algorithm for intelligence and meaning. 
The intelligence enhances market movement picks and helps the robot in 
making entry and exits with accuracy.



17

Business Model

The XchangeRate business model combines the 
subscription model and the internal value chain of 
tokenized-incentive-based strategy model. 
XchangeRate charges minimal subscription fees to 
subscribers who run the Automated bot and the Coin 
Monitoring Board using the Bitcoin or XRR Tokens. 
However, internally the XRR Coin is the currency that 
would be used to exchange value between the 
strategy initiator and the strategy adopter, with a fee 
for such transaction on the XchangeRate platform.

XchangeRate Robot and the Coin Monitoring Board 
are poised to take its offerings beyond 
cryptocurrencies alone, our research and 
development have found the relevance of our metrics 
in other speculative market variants like the stock 
market, commodities, and forex. The universal nature 
of our metrics will empower our token economy and 
deployment and drive up the value of each token on 
this offering.



Token name: 

Token 
symbol: 

Token type: 

Token role:

Total supply: 

Available for 
sale:

ERC20

Utility

250 000 000

235 000 000

XRR coin

XRR

18

Token details

XchangeRate token



Token Deployment

19

XRR Coin will be implemented as a utility token used to 
transact on the xchangerate.io in two major models. There 
is a subscription charge where users will make a minimum 
monthly payment to gain access to the platform. There is 
also a strategy rating marketplace where users can check 
the success rates of different strategies and the Token 
Costs (TC) the initiators have attached to them. Token 
Adopters can adopt these strategies at the TC while there 
is a platform fee for the transaction.

The XRR Team will work with major exchanges such as 
Yobit, EtherDelta, KuCoin, Huobi, OkEx, and Binance to list 
the XRR coin on their exchanges so that the XRR Coin can 
be easily bought and sold.

Since the Users of the XchangeRate Platform depend on 
the tools for their market engagement and trade activities, 
this concept creates a demand where there would always 
be a need to purchase XRR token from its holders.



20

A trader who engages the market requires tools that can help to analyze what 
the trading sentiments are towards an asset. XchangeRate platform is 
dependable as an all-round tool that provides the tools necessary to analyze 
or engage the market using automation.

XRR tokens are the only tokens used to access the XchangeRate Platform so 
the holders of the XRR token are the ones who provide the currency for all the 
XRR Ecosystem.

The XRR Coin is built on the Erc20 Ethereum Smart Contract technology that 
enables enhanced token use cases on the XRR platform. The features include 
the smart distribution of tokens within the users economy base. The trading 
of strategy between creators and adopters still remains a major basis for our 
adoption of the blockchain technology.

80% 
(200 000 000) 
available for 
purchase during ICO

12,8% 
(32 000 000) 
ICO bonus

1,2% (3 000 000) ICO bounty and airdrop to be issued after 
ICO sale is over 

6% (15 000 000) reward to the founders and advisors (frozen 
for 9 month)

Token Use Case

ERC20 Smart Contract Technology

Token Distribution



Token Generating Event

Pre-Sale Terms

21

The ICO is being held to raise funds for actively 
developing our existing platform, partnering and 
collaborating with trading platforms and other 
derivatives. Expanding our marketing to 
extensively reach a wide audience to encourage 
mass adoption of our unique metrics.

All non-traded tokens will be burned after the ICO.

Pre-Sale dates:

Minimum purchase:

Accepted payment 
methods:

Tokens available 
for sale:

Pre-Sale token price:

Pre-Sale Cap:

March 20, 2018 - April 5, 2018

1 ETH or 0,10 BTC

ETH, 
BTC

40 000 000 XRR 
+ 12 000 000 Bonus

1 ETH = 20 000 XRR 
+ 30% (6 000 XRR) Bonus

2000 ETH or 200 BTC



Duration 7 weeks

1ETH at Base Price of Cut-off Date for Pre ICO Launch Date 

1BTC at Base Price of Cut-off Date for ICO Launch Date

ICO Terms

Public ICO dates:

Minimum purchase:

Accepted payment 
methods:

Token ICO price:

Soft Cap:

Hard Cap: 

April 12, 2018 - 
May 9, 2018

0,10 ETH or 0,01 BTC

ETH, 
BTC

1 ETH = 10 000 XRR

2 000 ETH or 200 BTC

16 000 ETH or 1 600 BTC

22

ICO stage             Period  Tokens available           Bonus, %      Tokens 
    duration  for sale                              per 1 ETH

ICO stage 1         April 12 -   40 million tokens           20%              12 000
     April 17   + 8 million Bonuses

ICO stage 2         April 18 -   40 million tokens           15%              11 500
    April 24   + 6 million Bonuses

ICO stage 3         April 25 -   40 million tokens           10%              11 000
     May 1   + 4 million Bonuses 

ICO stage 4      May 2 -   40 million tokens            5%               10 500
     May   + 2 million Bonuses



Funds Distribution

23

The ICO funds are required to help ThinkAI Inc. continue 
with development, marketing, partnerships and 
collaborations and expansion across other derivatives.

47.5% Platform Developments

14.3% Research and Products Improvements 

9.5% Exchange Partnerships

9.5% Marketing and User Acquisition

8.6% Project Stakeholders

4.8% Operational Costs

4.8% Security Reserve

1% Legal expenses



Q1 2017 Project Idea Conceived

Q2 2017 CMB Development
(Coin Monitoring Board)

Q3 2017 CMB 1.0 Release, 
CMB 2.0 Release

Q4 2017 Full Automation of XchangeRate Robot 
with PRR and FR, Full Automation of 
XchangeRate Robot with SI

Completed

Q1 2018 Pre-sale (with bonus), Crowd sale (with 
bonus), Full Automation of XchangeRate 
Robot with RSI and MACD

Q2 2018 XRR token emission on Ethereum 
Blockchain starts, XRR token to be 
processed as Utility Token for 
subscribers

Q3 2018 CMB 3.0 Release

Q4 2018 Stage Deployment of XchangeRate 
Platform for Market Derivatives 
and Instruments

In Progress

Q2 2019 XchangeRate Platform 
Universal Edition

Q4 2019

(Advanced Technical Analysis, 
Machine learning for Market 
Derivatives and Instruments)

Deploy 
Hybrid 
Exchange

Scheduled

24

Roadmap



FAQ

25

The smart contract works as a platform currency for access and inter-trade 
among users of the application.

How does the smart contract work?

The blockchain in this project is seen in the internal movement of value 
across users and the unilateral acceptance of XRR token as the only currency 
for XchangeRate Platform users.

Where is the blockchain in the project?

The value of the token is seen in its limited supply and in the growing 
subscriber base of the platform and the fact that XRR Token is the only token 
used to access the platform.

What creates the value of the token?

Investing in XRR Token means Token Holders are the only Providers of 
currency for the XchangeRate Platform and all her of use cases.

Why should I invest in XRR?

All XRR Token has been premined and there would never be a supply beyond 
the 250,000,000 units of XRR Tokens in circulation.

Can the token be mined?

The XRR Tokens grows by growing user bases, that results in increasing 
demand for the coin and the resultant increase in Market cap and price per 
unit.

What determines the market growth?

The XRR platform has a work in progress Minimum Viable Product that has 
all its features represented in its current implemented deployment, however, 
several metrics and exchanges are still being worked on to be implemented 
to engage massive market adoption.

What is the current state of the project 
development?



26

Team

Radu Balaban
Front-End 
Developer

Ashwin Mangale
Back-End Developer

Eldin Heric
Mobile App Developer

Guillermo Torrigino
UX Designer

Damir Seremt
PHP Back-End 

Developer

Martin Vrkljan
PHP Back-End 

Developer

Front-End Developer
Shaojiang Cai

Senior PHP 
Developer

Martin PanevskiLu Anzhi
Team LeaderTeam Leader/Scrum 

Master

Artem Galtsev

Chief Content 
Developer

Tasha SokolovaPeter Moradeyo
Chief Software 

Architect

Binal Patel
Chief 

Technical Officer

Barbara Bickham
CEO



27

Advisors

Phillip Nunn

Vladimir Nikitin

Nikolay Shkilev



Twitter:

Reddit:

Medium:

Facebook:

Telegram:

Youtube: 

Linkedin: 

https://twitter.com/
XchangeRate_io

https://www.reddit.com/r/
xchangerate/

https://medium.com/
@xchangeraterobot.io/

https://www.facebook.com/
xchangerate.io

https://t.me/xchangerateICO

https://youtu.be/cMIKt5EYBH4

https://www.linkedin.com/
company/xchangerate/

Community

28

XRR intends to always keep the community involved. 
Current, future plans and interactions are discussed and 
implemented through an inclusive process. The reason is 
to align the goals with current market trends and adjust to 
the needs of the entire market spectrum (where 
applicable) for the benefit of our community.

The major platforms for our community will be 
accounts on:



Rights and liabilities

Disclaimer

29

Participating in an ICO is a high-risk activity albeit this ICO, in particular, is 
aimed at experienced professionals who are used to blockchain technology, 
cryptocurrency trading and trading other market instruments such as stocks, 
derivatives, and forex markets. By participating in this ICO, the purchaser is 
aware and accepts the risks related to security, the potential lack of 
economic results. Finally, the purchaser declares being aware of the legal 
uncertainty of this type of transaction and to have conducted his own legal 
guidance according to the applicable law to which he subscribes.

Any buyer purchasing XRR token acknowledges the technological and 
economic uncertainty of the project presented in this White Paper. Therefore, 
purchasers are aware of the absence of any legal action against the 
company in case of failure, nonperformance or non-implementation of the 
project, as well as in the case of the XRR token losing part or even the totality 
of its value. Purchase of the XRR token confers the ability to use the coming 
Xchangerate.io platform services. No other rights are transferred upon the 
ICO. Precisely, the company’s only obligation is to distribute the XRR token 
under the conditions defined in the White Paper. 

During the ICO, the company may not be held liable for any of the following:
Use of the service that are not compliant with the applicable terms;

1. An error, malfunction, malicious action or violation of White Paper’s terms 
    by the user, a third party or a
    service controlled by a third party;
2. All direct or indirect damage that may occur during the operation: 
    cryptocurrency losses, profits or
    financial losses or other damages whatsoever in the type;
3. The loss of control, any reason (loss, hacking, unwanted disclosure or 
    technical failure), of the users’
    login credentials which would lead a fraudulent use of the tokens;
4. The temporary or permanent suspension of the service, whatever the 
    cause, and especially due to a
    request from the public authorities, judicial authority or any third party;
5. Computer failure resulting in loss of data, including content in case of 
    impact for the professional
    activity of users;
6. Lack of compatibility between the service specificity and the customers' 
    requirements;
7. Generally, all damage whose cause does not depend on the company: 
    Internet network outage, failure
    specific to the user’s equipment, etc.



Warning about the token

30

According to the Estonian and European regulation, the XRR token is a 
cryptographic token usable on the Ethereum blockchain and allowing, in the 
long term, to access the functionalities of the Xchangerate.io platform. The 
XRR token is not a security or a financial instrument within the meaning of 
the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID II) of the European 
Parliament (2014/65/ EU) or within the meaning of the article L211-1 and 
followings of the Estonian Monetary and Financial Code. Participating in an 
ICO is a high-risk activity. This ICO in particular is only aimed at experienced 
professionals who are used to blockchain technology, cryptocurrency trading 
and trading other marketing instruments. By participating in this ICO, the 
purchaser is aware and accepts the risks related to security, the potential 
lack of technical and economic results and the total or partial loss of its 
capital. Finally, the purchaser declares being aware of the legal uncertainty of 
this type of transaction and to have conducted his own legal guidance 
according to the applicable law to which he subscribes. Indeed, the token 
grants no financial (income, capital or dividend) or voting rights in the 
company. The token is a crypto-asset issued by Xchangerate.io through the 
ICO and used by the members of the Xchangerate.io platform and 
community.

Sales restrictions
The participation in the ICO is strictly reserved for natural or legal persons 
acting within the scope of their professional activities. Especially, the 
professional purchaser claims to have a good knowledge of blockchain 
technologies and cryptocurrency. Any natural person acting on a non-
professional basis as a simple consumer within the meaning of EU Directive 
2011/83/EU relating to consumer rights is excluded from the ICO. It is the 
responsibility of each purchaser to determine its non-professional status and, 
in doing so, to refrain from participating in any way in the ICO. Due to national 
legislation, participants from the following countries are not allowed to 
participate in the ICO: “US person”, Canada, South Korea, Singapore and 
China. This prohibition applies to all types of people (moral, physical, agent, 
etc.) and to any indirect participation (via a proxy, a name loan, etc.). By 
participating in the ICO, the purchaser agrees to the legal disclaimer and, 
especially, that he respects the above provisions.community.



Warning about the ICO inherent risksWarning about the ICO inherent risks
ICOs are high-risk operations because of their completely experimental 
nature. By participating in this operation, participants declare to understand 
and assume the following risks:

● the lack of regulation: the purchaser agrees not to benefit from any 
guarantees associated with IPOs on regulated financial markets or other 
regulated financial investments;

● capital loss: the purchaser accepts the risk of a total or partial capital 
loss in cryptocurrency or in the token;

● volatility or market risk: the value of tokens, just like that of 
cryptocurrencies in general, can be extremely volatile and subject to 
significant, and largely unforeseeable fluctuations.

Moreover, the market or markets on which these tokens are traded do not 
offer the same guarantees that are generally applicable to conventional
financial markets.

Very early project stage
ICO aims to finance an innovative project based on a new technology and 
whose future evolutions are unpredictable. Therefore, the buyer accepts the 
risk of non-ful llment of the project for technical, economic or
legal reasons.

● Ethereum Protocol: the token is developed on the Ethereum protocol 
which is still at an experimental stage. Therefore, the buyer understands and 
accepts the risk that an evolution of the protocol renders the token or service 
unusable.

● Security risk: the buyer understands and accepts the risk of losing his 
total investment due to a security breach. If the company makes every effort 
to ensure the ICO safety, the experimental nature of the operation does not 
exclude the realization of financial or IT damages. It is recommended that the 
buyer takes all measures to ensure the safety of his tokens and 
cryptocurrencies.

● Legal risk: The ICO have been structured to comply with the current 
regulations and good practices applicable. Nevertheless, the governing law 
of ICO is under construction around the world. The company can not be held 
liable in cases where restrictive regulations, injunctions by regulators, 
investigation or laws having an impact, in particular, on the issue, 
management or possession of token were to be adopted. In addition, the 
rules applicable to cryptocurrencies or tokens are different in each country. 
This is why buyers are strongly advised to do a legal and tax analysis prior to 
their participation in the ICO.

31



32

● Risk of theft and piracy: The company can not be held responsible for 
acts of hacking (in infiltration, defacement or DDoS) or computer theft that 
would affect the funds, the distribution of tokens or the smooth roll of the 
ICO.

● Risk of an error or weakness: The company can not be held 
responsible for discovering a weakness in the cryptographic processes 
implemented in the context of the ICO. Similarly, the buyer declares to accept 
and understand the risk of an error in the code of the smart-contract, the trust 
account (multi-sig wallet) or the software used for the ICO.

Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-
Money Laundering procedure
As a part of the Know Your Customer procedure (KYC), anyone who would 
like to purchase XRR tokens during the Private sale will have to provide to the 
company the following details via the dedicated ICO website: the declaration 
of:

● First and last name
● Date and location of birth
● Current address
● Citizenship
● A copy of passport or ID card.

According to the good practices that the company applies, a process against 
money laundering is implemented on the Private sale of the ICO. The 
company reserves the right not to transfer tokens to people whose origin 
funds have not been verified or will be negative. In this case, the person will 
be refunded his funds in cryptocurrency.

The AML process consists of a check on the global lists of Politically 
Exposed Persons as well as on the assets freeze list. The company reserves 
the right, on a case-by-case basis, to request additional documents to justify 
the buyer’s income origin, otherwise to not continue the business 
relationships.



References

33

Coinmarketcap.com. (2018). All Coins | CoinMarketCap. [online] Available at:
https://coinmarketcap.com/coins/views/all/ [Accessed 9 Mar. 2018].

Coinmarketcap.com. (2018). Bitcoin (BTC) historical data | CoinMarketCap. 
[online] Available at:
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/historical-data/ [Accessed 9 
Mar. 2018]. 

Coinmarketcap.com. (2018). Global Charts | CoinMarketCap. [online] 
Available at:
https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/ [Accessed 9 Mar. 2018].

Corbet, S., Meegan, A., Larkin, C., Lucey, B. and Yarovaya, L. (2018). 
Exploring the Dynamic Relationships between Cryptocurrencies and Other 
Financial Assets.

CoinSpeaker. (2018). Cryptocurrency and ICO Market Analysis [January 15-21, 
2018] – CoinSpeaker. [online] Available at: https://www.coinspeaker.com/
2018/01/23/cryptocurrency-ico-market-analysis-january-15-21-2018/ 
[Accessed 9 Mar. 2018].

Staff, I. (2018). Anti Money Laundering - AML. [online] Investopedia. Available 
at: https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/aml.asp [Accessed 10 Mar. 2018].

Staff, I. (2018). Exponential Moving Average - EMA. [online] Investopedia. 
Available at: https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/ema.asp [Accessed 10 
Mar. 2018].

Staff, I. (2018). Know Your Client - KYC. [online] Investopedia. Available at: 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/k/knowyourclient.asp [Accessed 9 
Mar. 2018].

Staff, I. (2018). Relative Strength Index - RSI. [online] Investopedia. Available 
at: https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/rsi.asp [Accessed 10 Mar. 2018].

LATOKEN. (2018). LAT Research: the Exponential Growth of Crypto Markets 
to $5 trillion. [online] Available at:  https://blog.latoken.com/lat-research-the-
exponential-growth-of-crypto-markets-to-5-trillion-416c73429148 [Accessed 9 
Mar. 2018].

Prnewswire.com. (2018). Current Cryptocurrency Market Developments. 
[online] Available at:
https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/current-cryptocurrency-market-
developments-657197493.html
[Accessed 9 Mar. 2018].



Statista. (2018). Quarterly Bitcoin price index 2012-2017 | Statistic. [online] 
Available at:
https://www.statista.com/statistics/654937/bitcoin-price-index-quaterly-data/ 
[Accessed 9 Mar. 2018].

Statista. (2018). Smartphone penetration worldwide 2014-2020 | Statista. [online] 
Available at: https://www.statista.com/statistics/203734/global-smartphone-
penetration-per-capita-since-2005/ [Accessed 9 Mar. 2018].

WIRE, B. (2018). Worldwide Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Market Growth at 
CAGR of 35.2% - Drivers, Opportunities, Trends, and Forecasts 2016-2022 - 
Research and Markets. [online] Businesswire.com. Available at: https://
www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170112005494/en/Worldwide-
Cryptocurrency-Blockchain-Market -Growth-CAGR-35.2 [Accessed 9 Mar. 2018].

34



Invest in 
the Future of Trading!

Join our Token Sale:

tokensale.xchangerate.io

For any inquiries, please, 
feel free to contact us at 

support@XchangeRate.io


