



































EN.pages


 

 

 



XWIN CryptoBet 

SUMMARY 

XWIN is a transparent betting platform for sporting and other events with 
revenue sharing using the decentralized smart contracts on the Ethereum 
blockchain. 

The unprecedented development of blockchain technology and 
introduction of smart contracts has led to new opportunities in the field of 
betting on sporting and other events. At present, for the majority of private 
players, it is important to have comfortable, convenient and, most 
importantly, safe and guaranteed access to betting on the outcome of any 
event, and for investors – to receive guaranteed income from the 
bookmaker’s activity. 

XWIN was created in order to solve these tasks. 

INTRODUCTION 

Blockchain is a real-time mechanism for developing trust in an environment 

without trust using the distributed database. 



Development of blockchain technology has led to introduction of smart 
contracts. Currently, the Ethereum blockchain-based smart contract is one 
of the most comfortable, convenient and safe for users. 

Bookmaker is a specialist who accepts cash bets on results of sports games 
(horse racing, football, running, etc.), financial, cultural, weather, political 
and other events. The bets are accepted on certain conditions, with the pre-
determined rules of payout. 

Advantages of betting with XWIN: 

1. Guaranteed payments by the Ethereum smart contract; 

2. Transparency of transactions and payments; 

3. No account lock-outs due to frequent wins;  

4. No account lock-outs due to arbitrages; 

5. Absence of individual reduction coefficients; 

6. Simplified registration; 

7. Absence of infrastructure risks related to technical problems with 
equipment and interruptions in Internet access; 

8. Absence of risks of funds embezzlement; 

9. Absence of restrictions on access to the investment funds; 

10. Information security and confidentiality; 

11. Cross-border betting; 

12. Stability of XWIN is determined by the entire network of the Ethereum 
blockchain; 

13. Security of funds (the players' accounts are placed on the smart contract 
account and are managed autonomously); 

14. Continuous monitoring and control of the better’s account transactions 
(constant control over the player's funds, 24/7/365 availability from any 
place in the world and from any device). 

The Ethereum blockchain and smart contracts is a dynamically developing 
technology for investing, settlement of transactions online, and now for 
betting as well. It would not be right to disregard the advantages this 
technology has to offer. 



XWIN smart contract performs the functions of an arbitrator that 
autonomously and completely independently fulfills the terms of 
agreement. In other words, if the bet was made using the smart contract, 
the conditions prescribed in the smart contract should be met 100% 
regardless of the desires of the parties. The better who places the bet with 
XWIN, receives information about all conditions, and subsequently these 
conditions cannot be changed, since they are written in the smart contract. 
The payout amount is locked on the account of the smart contract at the 
time of placing the bet and cannot be expended or spent prior to the 
settlement. None of the parties can make changes to the bet that has 
already been placed, and spend the prize fund. Thus, XWIN is the first and 
currently the only bookmaker, largely protected and safe from the 
traditional bookmaker market, and creates real alternative option. 

XWIN was established based on the technology of blockchain and smart 
contracts. It provides an opportunity to make bets in the crypto currency 
and do it in a comfortable, convenient and, most importantly, safe way. 

INVESTORS 

The XWIN smart contract is established with due regard to the main 
objectives of private investors and capital management funds in the new 
economy development conditions, and designed to receive guaranteed 



income from XWIN activities through distribution of the betting margin 
between the investors. 

Advantages of investing in XWIN: 

1. Purchase of the XWIN tokens is profitable and accessible.  
Participation in ICO XWIN provides investors with an unprecedented 
opportunity to become a part of the world's first crypto-bookmaker and 
receive 20% of net income. The XWIN structure allows investors to 
receive profit with minimal interaction; 

2. Early access to the market. 
The undisputed advantage of XWIN is its early access to the market and 
penetration the main part of the market, efficient commissions, and great 
competitive advantages, the undeniable right of the first; 

3. Transparency.  
ICO XWIN is implemented using the Ethereum smart contract. 
Investment security (the deposited funds of the investors are placed on 
the account of smart contract and managed automatically); 

4. Uninterrupted operation. 
The XWIN stability is determined by the entire network of the Ethereum 
blockchain. Constant control over investments, 24/7/365 availability from 
any place in the world and from any device. Information security and 
confidentiality at an unprecedented level. 



 ECONOMIC MODEL  

XWIN establishes new standards of relations between the players and 
online gambling resources due to the use of blockchain technologies. 
There is no secret that the bookmaker business brings a considerable 
income. The XWIN margin ranges from 6% to 20% of the betting rate. The 
margin from the better’s bets is credited to the account of the XWIN smart 
contract and is managed autonomously. 100% of the received margin is 
distributed as follows: 

• 25% - to the fund of guaranteed payments to the players; 
• 35% - PR, marketing, promotion and advertising; 
• 20% - administration and legal support; 
• 20% - income distributed among the investors. 

Within the framework of ICO platform XWIN CryptoBet will issue a limited 
number of tokens, 80% of which will be available to the investors and 
players. 
Application of the general guarantee fund according to the XWIN platform 
operation provides the investors with a number of advantages, combining 
free exchange pricing, commission payments and an increase in the 
nominal price of tokens. 
The nominal price of XWIN tokens is guaranteed by the XWIN platform 
smart contract, and it is directly related to the general guarantee fund. The 
nominal price of a token is calculated as follows: 

1 XWIN token = 50% of the total guarantee fund amount / total number of 
tokens 

This solution allows to avoid risks of zeroing the general guarantee fund 
and eliminate the risks of increased token exchange. 
In turn, increase in the total guarantee fund amount automatically leads to 
directly proportional increase in the nominal price of tokens, guaranteed by 
the smart contract. Growth of the guarantee fund is automatic, and its rate is 
equal to 25% of the XWIN platform turnover. 



The XWIN token holders can sell tokens at a nominal price at any time, and 
the tokens are redeemed directly by the XWIN platform smart contract. 
Commission payments are formed by the XWIN platform, and distributed 
among the XWIN token owners, 20% of the margin is used for the 
automatic allocation of commission payments. 
Free exchange pricing is formed following supply and demand, with due 
regard to the commission payments and an increase in the nominal price of 
tokens. 

Functions and application of the XWIN token 

XWIN tokens are used to connect to and access the XWIN platform by the 
third-party counterparties, who are required to have the XWIN tokens in 
order to connect to the platform. XWIN tokens are used for identification of 
the counterparties, accounting for all transactions, management of the 
odds, etc.  XWIN tokens also ensure security and representation of all 
transactions and operations in the Ethereum blockchain. 
Having joined the XWIN platform, the bookmakers’ offices, casinos, races, 
slot machines, lotteries, poker, VIP-Rooms, chess and other rating games 
gain automatic access to the following solutions for the gaming industry: 

• Betting lines; 
• Odds; 
• Betting contracts; 
• Ticket and token issues 
• Settlement and exchange services 
• ID/Win protect 
• Multi wallet platform XWIN 
• Games blockchain. 

XWIN tokens give the companies an opportunity to use the general 
guarantee fund. 
XWIN tokens guarantee accuracy, timeliness and convenience of 
calculations, in a useful form for the connected companies. Easy software 
and platform integration will substantially speed up the process. 



Connection and access of the players and betters to the XWIN platform 

The players and betters who use the XWIN platform have an opportunity to 
protect themselves against a number of risks: 
Blocking, non-payment of winnings, account thefts, substitution of results, 
etc. 
Registration on the XWIN platform and purchase of tokens provide the 
players and betters with a number of advantages: 

• ID protection; 
• Win protection; 
• Payments from the general guarantee fund; 
• Low fees 
• Accessibility and convenience 
• Cross-platform 
• Multi wallet platform XWIN 

XWIN Ltd. 
XWIN Ltd. has been registered in order to solve a number of issues of the 
XWIN platform integration in the legal field, as well as promotion and 
administration: 

• Development and support of the XWIN Games software and platforms; 
• Implementation of software and platforms; 
• Administration and reporting; 
• Promotion, marketing and advertising 
• Licensing 
• Legal support 

INVESTMENT PROTECTION IN XWIN 

Your funds are protected by the Ethereum system, and in contrast with the 
standard investments, are stored in the network on the DAO account of the 
XWIN smart contract.  



This type of solution helps to avoid the following negative consequences 
for the investors: 
1. Infrastructure risks related to the technical problems with equipment and 
interruption of access to the Internet; 
2. Risks of embezzlement of funds;  
3. Restrictions on access to the investment funds.  

SPORT BETS AND ENTRIES 

The first stage of the XWIN CryptoBet launch: 

XWIN CryptoBet is a platform for betting on many types of sport: football, 
hockey, tennis, basketball, motorsports, American football, badminton, 
baseball, biathlon, boxing, volleyball, handball, darts, E-sports, politics, 
rugby, mixed martial arts, snooker, chess, show business and many others. 
All games, bets and results on the XWIN platform are stored in the 
Ethereum blockchain. Because establishing a fully decentralized platform 
for sports betting is complicated by the need to transfer correct results to 
the contract and to reduce possibilities for various attacks and ways to 
deceive the system, XWIN CryptoBet will transfer games and results to the 
contracts using the trusted addresses. Despite the fact that this brings the 
centralization element into the platform, all transferred games, bets, and 
results will be transparent. 

XWIN CryptoBet API: 



The XWIN API is used to receive metadata of the sports bets. API provides 
metadata required for the functioning of the XWIN smart contract, such as 
dates, times, team names, leagues, events etc., without increasing the value 
of the smart contract with data that does not require decentralization and 
reducing the deductions - gas fee. The bids, bets, games, payouts, winners, 
etc. are identified by ID in the smart contracts. 

Results and verification: 

All bids, bets, games, payoffs, winners and results are recorded in the XWIN 
smart contract and are verified against several sources of information. This 
excludes the possibility of errors during the transfer of bets and results to 
the smart contract. Users can view and verify the results in the xwin.io 
interface or through XWIN API, and also verify results sent to the smart 
contracts through any wallets and web interfaces manually in the Ethereum 
blockchain. 

TOKENS AND ICO 

Launch of ICO XWIN CryptoBet and open sale of tokens is on October 30, 
2017 and will last exactly for 3 months, until January 30, 2018. 
Pre ICO: start on 30/10/17, finish on 31/12/17 
ICO: start on 01/01/18, finish on 30/01/18 
During the development of the platform, the investors will be able to have 
access to the XWIN tokens. 
The cost of one XWIN token is 0.005 ETH. 



20% (XWIN tokens) – the blocked share of the founders being available 1 
year later. This encourages the XWIN CryptoBet team to develop the 
platform and keep the motivation for sustainable growth of the company's 
business; 
80% (XWIN tokens) – the tokens for open sales. 
The funds received under ICO XWIN will be distributed as follows: 
32% - development: hiring developers for the team to develop smart 
contracts, interface and applications; 
15% - legal expenses: licenses, attorneys' fees and fees for other legal 
actions/procedures required for the legal operation of the platform in most 
countries in the world; 
35% - PR, marketing and advertising: sponsorship contracts, promotion etc., 
PR campaigns to attract users, payments according to the referral program; 
15% - administration and maintenance: all other operational costs required 
for daily running and prospective development of the platform; 
3% - Bounty Funds Distribution.  
In the case of increased interest in ICO from investors, there will be 
additional emission of the XWIN tokens equal to the amount of additional 
investments with a proportional percentage allocation of shares. 



ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE XWIN 

Development of artificial intelligence based on the machine learning to 
calculate the betting coefficients and the probability of events. 
The use of artificial intelligence where the machine is learning functions for 
calculating coefficients and bet scanning allows to determine the most 
beneficial values of the coefficients and keep a balance between the profit 
and payouts to the betters. 
The use of artificial intelligence in the work of bookmakers allows to 
achieve a number of undeniable competitive advantages: 
1. Accuracy of the coefficient calculation; 
2. Calculation speed; 
3. Error elimination; 
4. Round-the-clock monitoring, instant response to the modifiable events; 
5. Absence of a human factor; 
6. Increase of the complexity of mathematical computation models. 
The artificial intelligence also reduces the cost of human resources, 
decreases the number of incorrect coefficient calculations and results of 
matches that makes its use advantageous and allows the XWIN Company to 
maximize profits. 

TECHNICAL SOLUTIONS 

Structure 
The technical implementation of XWIN CryptoBet consists of two main 
components: a website interface and a smart contract on the Ethereum 
blockchain. 
The XWIN prize fund and payments to the betters 
All XWIN betters’ funds are located on the XWIN smart contract account at 
the address: https://ethereum.com/0x1fZw71oRt in the public domain. 
The prize fund of the bet, the total prize fund and the coefficients XWIN 
CryptoBet are calculated by the smart contract when the better accesses 
the smart contract, using the API of the blockchain explorers. 
The prize fund of the bet, the total prize fund and the coefficients XWIN 
CryptoBet are displayed on the main page xwin.io and in the personal 
account of the better graphically and in the text form. 



Smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain 
Each and every bet, coefficient and transaction with the betters’ funds are 
controlled only by the XWIN smart contract using the Ethereum blockchain. 
The XWIN smart contract, developed by us, is responsible for betting and 
bet compliance. 
Flow of the better’s funds. 
The better makes the bet by sending ETH directly to the XWIN CryptoBet 
contract. After the ETH deposit, the smart contract launches a function that 
calculates the prize fund of the bet, the total prize fund and coefficients to 
be paid to the better based on the current coefficients, and activates the 
smart contract function to make a new bet with the better who sent ETH. 
Codes of the XWIN smart contracts  
You can find the codes of all our contracts in our GitHub with the following 
repositories: (https://github.com/xwincryptobet/Smart-contracts), 
addresses of the smart contracts in the Ethereum blockchain: 
ICO: 0x4235dd149a4139e9b8e840266eaa895084c1460c 
Token: 0x32ff589e7ac1c1379fb56d9d1040cd74c7c50a62 
Dividends: 0x4be891c79f5f3b7aa645c6638d791f25c9521fbe 

POSSIBILITY OF USE ON VARIOUS PLATFORMS 

Mass expansion of online bookmakers and digital casinos based on the 

blockchain, predicted by the experts, will lead to mass establishment of 
interface parts for bet placement that will be available for various platforms 
with the aim to increase the implementation pace and customer retention. 



XWIN will develop the in-demand web-interfaces and mobile applications 
for Android and iOS devices.  

OTHER GAMES 
 
Over the time, other games in the form of smart contracts using XWIN for 
all transactions will be added to the platform with due regards to the 
requirements of users. 

ROADMAP 

Q3 2017: 

1. The concept of XWIN CryptoBet; 

2. Smart contract XWIN Beta; 

3. White Paper XWIN CryptoBet. 

Q4 2017: 

1. DAO smart contract XWIN; 

2. Public placement of the XWIN tokens; 

3. Bookmaker licenses and legal registration;  

4. Creation of the bookmaker's site xwin.io; 



5. Release of beta version for the mobile applications. 

Q1 2018: 

1. Smart contract XWIN with the system accepting fiat money; 

2. Public release of mobile applications; 

3. Artificial intelligence XWIN. Development of artificial intelligence on the 
basis of machine learning to calculate betting rates and probability of 
events; 

4. White Paper of the betting stock exchange XWIN; 

5. XWIN betting on races. 

Q2 2018: 

1. Aggressive PR-campaign and marketing; 

2. Smart contract XWIN lottery; 

3. First distribution of profits among the investors; 

4. Development and introduction of classic gambling games using the 
blockchain technology; 

5. Release of smart contracts of the XWIN betting stock exchange. 

Q3 2018: 

1. VIP ROOM XWIN CryptoBet. Calculation and launch of individual bets for 
the VIP-clients; 

2. Multi wallet platform XWIN; 

3. White Paper and smart contracts: DAO casino, DAO poker, DAO slot 
machines; 

4. Release of the betting stock exchange XWIN. 
 
Q4 2018: 

1. DAO casino; 

2. DAO poker; 

3. DAO slot machines; 



4. DAO chess. 

BOUNTY FUNDS DISTRIBUTION 

During the ICO XWIN 3% (XWIN tokens) of the funds attracted from the 
investors is sent to the Bounty Funds Distribution Program. 

The XWIN team welcomes everyone who wants to join our program to 
improve or promote XWIN services. Each participant of the Bounty Funds 
Distribution program will be rewarded with the XWIN tokens. 

30% tokens present the remuneration for the developers and technical 
experts in relation to the XWIN Bounty Funds Distribution program. 

Developers and technical experts who wish and are able to implement 
applications, add-ons, plug-ins, interfaces, additional software packages 
and other IT elements of the system should contact the Development 
Manager. 

70% tokens present the remuneration for participants of the marketing and 
PR-programs for the XWIN Bounty Funds Distribution. 

Twitter Bounties – 25% tokens; 

Facebook Bounties – 25% tokens; 

Blockchain forums Bounties – 50% tokens. 

DISCLAIMER 

PLEASE REVIEW THIS DISCLAIMER CAREFULLY. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, PLEASE 

CONTACT YOUR LEGAL OR FINANCIAL CONSULTANT.  

The information set out below does not imply any elements of contractual 
relations and may be incomplete. Despite the fact that we make every effort 
to ensure that all data on the given web-site is current, accurate and 
relevant, the proposed document does not replace consultations with the 
specialists. xwin.io does not guarantee or assume any legal responsibility 
arising from or related to the accuracy, reliability, relevance or 
completeness of any material contained in this document. Individuals 



intending to invest in the project, should consult an independent specialist 
before performing any actions outlined in this document. 

You do not have the right to participate in the public sale of XWIN digital 
assets, if you are a citizen, a resident (tax resident or otherwise) or the 
holder of the Green Card of the United States of America or Singapore or 
another representative of the United States of America or Singapore. "A 
representative of the United States of America or Singapore" is an 
individual residing in the United States of America or Singapore or any 
institution established or registered in accordance with the legislation of 
the United States of America or Singapore. The USA citizens residing 
abroad can also be considered as the "representatives of the United States 
of America" under certain conditions. 

If while using this web-site, you invest in the project with the Chinese, 
American, Canadian or Singapore IP address, your actions are considered 
illegal in accordance with the legislation of your country.


