

















































The XY Oracle Network: The Proof-of-Origin Based

Cryptographic Location Network

Arie Trouw ∗, Markus Levin †, Scott Scheper ‡

January 2018

Abstract

With the growing presence of connected, location-reliant technologies, our privacy
and safety rely heavily on the accuracy and validity of location information. Various
attempts have been made to eliminate the need for centralized entities controlling the
flow of location data, but every attempt has relied on the integrity of the devices col-
lecting this data in the physical world. We propose a trustless, cryptographic location
network using a novel formulation reliant on a chain of zero-knowledge proofs to es-
tablish a high degree of data certainty on location information. The XYO Network
(XY Oracle Network) is an abstraction that enables layered, location verification
across many device classes and protocols. At its core sits a set of novel cryptographic
mechanisms known as Proof of Origin & Bound Witness that tie together the
power of blockchain technology and real world data collection into a system with di-
rect applications today.

1 Introduction

With the advent of blockchain-based, trustless smart contracts, the need for oracle services
that arbitrate the outcome of a contract has grown significantly. Most current implementa-
tions of smart contracts rely on a single or aggregated set of authoritative oracles to settle
the outcome of the contract. In cases where both parties can agree on the authority and
incorruptibility of the specified oracle, this is sufficient. However, in many cases, either an
appropriate oracle does not exist or the oracle cannot be considered authoritative because
of the possibility of error or corruption.

Location oracles fall into this category. The divination of the location of a physical world
item relies on the reporting, relay, storage, and processing components of the given oracle,
all of which introduce error and can be corrupted. Risks include data manipulation, data
pollution, data loss, and collusion.

∗XYO Network, arie.trouw@xyo.network
†XYO Network, markus.levin@xyo.network
‡XYO Network, scott.scheper@xyo.network

1



Thus the following problem exists: both certainty and accuracy of the location
are negatively impacted by the lack of a trustless, decentralized location oracle.
Platforms such as Ethereum and EOS have been used extensively for their power to mediate
interactions securely online with the primary use cases involving escrows for fundraising
escrows in the form of ICOs. However, up to this point, every platform has focused entirely
on the online world and not on the physical world due to noisy, corruptible data integrity
of current information channels.

The XYO Network has been working towards the concept of enabling developers, such as
those writing smart contracts for blockchain platforms, to interact with the physical world
as if it were an API. The XYO Network is the world’s first oracle protocol that makes
it possible for two entities to transact in the real world without a centralized third party.
Our abstractions allow us to make location verification trustless for developers, creating a
protocol with novel use cases that have not been possible until today.

The XYO Network will be built upon an existing infrastructure of over 1,000,000 devices
circulating in the world that were distributed through their consumer-facing findables busi-
ness. XY’s Bluetooth and GPS devices allow everyday consumers to place physical tracking
beacons on the things they want to keep track of (such as keys, luggage, bikes and even
pets). If they misplace or lose such an item, they can see exactly where it is by viewing its
location on a smartphone application. In just six years, the XYO Network has created one
of the largest consumer Bluetooth and GPS networks in the world.

2 Historical Background & Previous Approaches

2.1 Proof of Location

The concept of provable location has been around since the 1960s, and can even be dated
back to the 1940s with ground-based radio-navigation systems, such as LORAN [1]. Today,
there are location services that stack multiple mediums of verification on top of one another
to create a Proof of Location through triangularization and GPS services. However, these
approaches have yet to address the most critical component we face in location technologies
today: designing a system that detects fraudulent signals and disincentivizes the spoofing of
location data. For this reason, we propose that the most significant crypto-location platform
today will be the one that focuses most on proving the origin of physical location signals.

Surprisingly, the concept of applying location verification to blockchain technologies
first appeared in September 2016 at Ethereum’s DevCon 2. It was introduced by Lefteris
Karapetsas, an Ethereum developer from Berlin. Karapetsas’ project, Sikorka, enabled
smart contracts to be deployed on the spot in the real world, using what he termed, “Proof
of Presence.” His application of bridging location and the world of blockchain focused
primarily on augmented reality use cases; and he introduced novel concepts such as challenge
questions in proving one’s location [2].

On September 17th, 2016, the term, “Proof of Location,” formally surfaced in Ethereum’s
community [3]. It was then further expounded upon by Ethereum Foundation developer,
Matt Di Ferrante:

“Proof of Location you can trust is honestly one of the most difficult things to
implement. Even if you have many participants that can attest each other’s
location, there’s no guarantee that they wouldn’t just go sybil at any point in the
future, and since you’re always only relying on majority reporting it’s a huge

2



weakness. If you could require some type of specialized hardware device that has
anti-tamper tech such that the private key is destroyed when one attempts to open
it or change the firmware on it then you could possibly have greater security, but
at the same time, it’s not like it’s impossible to spoof GPS signals either. A
proper implementation of this requires so much fallback and so many different
data sources to have any assurance of accuracy, it would have to be very well
funded project.” [3]

—Matt Di Ferrante, Developer, Ethereum Foundation

2.2 Proof of Location: Shortcomings

In summary, Proof of Location can be understood as leveraging blockchain’s powerful prop-
erties, such as time-stamping and decentralization, and combining them with off-chain,
location-aware device(s) that are hopefully resistant to spoofing. We refer to the realm of
cryptographic location technology as “crypto-location.” Moreover, similar to how the weak-
ness of smart contracts centers around oracles using a single source of truth (and thus have a
single source of failure), crypto-location systems face the same problem. The vulnerability in
current crypto-location technologies revolves around the off-chain devices that report back
an object’s location. In smart contracts, the off-chain data source is an oracle. In the XYO
Network, the off-chain data source moves around in the real world as a specialized type of
oracle we call a Sentinel. The core innovation surrounding the XYO Network centers around
an identityless, location-based proof underlying the components of our system to create a
trustless, crypto-location protocol.

3 The XY Oracle Network

“The need for a difficult-to-disrupt system to complement GPS has been well
known for years. GPS is exceptionally accurate and dependable, yet jamming,
spoofing, cyber attacks and other forms of interference appear to be growing in
frequency and severity. This has the potential for devastating effects on our lives
and economic activity.” [4]

—Dana Goward, President, RNT Foundation

3.1 Introduction

The goal of the XYO Network is to create a trustless, decentralized system of location
oracles that is resistant to attack and produces the highest certainty possible when queried
for available data. We accomplish this through a set of abstractions that greatly reduces the
risk of location spoofing through a chain of zero-knowledge proofs along the components of
the system.

3.2 Network Overview

Our system provides an entry point into a protocol of connected devices that provides high
certainty on location data through a chain of cryptographic proofs. Users are able to issue

3



transactions, called “queries,” in order to retrieve a piece of location data on any blockchain
platform possessing smart contract functionality.1 Aggregators from the XYO Network then
listen to these queries issued to the contract and fetch the answers that have the highest
accuracy from a decentralized set of devices that relay cryptographic proofs back up to these
aggregators. These aggregators then feed these answers back into the smart contract after
reaching a consensus on the answer with the best score. This network of components makes
it possible to determine if an object is at a specific XY-coordinate at a given time, with the
most provable, trustless certainty possible.

The XYO Network has four primary components: Sentinels (The Data Gatherers),
Bridges (The Data Relayers), Archivists (The Data Storers), and Diviners (The Answer
Aggregators). Sentinels gather location information via sensors, radios, and other means.
Bridges take this data from Sentinels and provide them to Archivists. Archivists store this
information for Diviners to analyze. Diviners analyze location heuristics from Archivists in
order to generate answers to queries and assign accuracy scores to them. Diviners then relay
these answers back into a smart contract (thusly, Diviners serve as oracles). The accuracy
score, named the Origin Chain Score, is determined through a set of zero-knowledge
proofs known as a Proof of Origin Chain. This chain guarantees two or more pieces of
data originated from the same source without revealing any underlying information. Each
component along the query’s path generates its own Proof of Origin that is then chained to
each component it relays data to. Proof of Origin is a novel formulation that builds a chain
of cryptographic guarantees along a path of relayers in the network in order to offer high
confidence of real world data. This Proof of Origin Chain encapsulates the confidence we
can have in a piece of location data all the way down to the very first devices that gathered
the data. We will explore how Proof of Origin works in-depth in the following section.

To establish a decentralized consensus mechanism among Diviners, the XYO Network
will rely on a public, immutable blockchain known as the XYOMainChain that stores
query transactions along with data gathered from Diviners and their associated origin score.
Before we dive into the details of the functionality of the entire system, we will clearly define
the responsibilities of each component in our network.

3.2.1 Sentinels

Sentinels are location witnesses. They observe data heuristics and vouch for the certainty
and accuracy of the heuristic by producing temporal ledgers. The most important aspect
of Sentinels is that they produce ledgers that other components can be certain came from
the same source. They do this by adding Proof of Origin to a relay chain of cryptographic
proofs. Given that the XYO Network is a trustless system, Sentinels must be incentivized
to provide honest location information. This is done by combining a reputation component
with a payment component. A Sentinel is rewarded with XYO Network Tokens (XYO)
when their information is used to answer a query. To increase their odds of being rewarded,
they must create ledgers that are consistent with that of their peers and provide Proof of
Origin to identify themselves as the source of the location information.

1Ethereum, Bitcoin + RSK, Stellar, Cardano, IOTA, EOS, NEO, Dragonchain, Lisk, RChain, Counter-
party, Monax and others

4



3.2.2 Bridges

Bridges are location data transcribers. They securely relay location ledgers from Sentinels
to Archivists. The most important aspect of a Bridge is that an Archivist can be sure that
the heuristic ledgers that are received from a Bridge have not been altered in any way. The
second most important aspect of a Bridge is that they add an additional Proof of Origin.
Given that the XYO Network is a trustless system, Bridges must be incentivized to provide
an honest relaying of heuristics. This is done by combining a reputation component with
a payment component. A Bridge is rewarded with XYO Network Tokens (XYO) when the
information that they have relayed is used to answer a query. To increase their odds of
being rewarded, they must create ledgers that are consistent with that of their peers and
provide Proof of Origin to identify themselves as the relay of the heuristic.

3.2.3 Archivists

Archivists store location information from Bridges in a decentralized form with the goal
of having all historical ledgers stored. Even if some data is lost or becomes temporarily
unavailable, the system continues to function, just with reduced accuracy. Archivists also
index ledgers so that they can easily return a string of ledger data if needed. Archivists
store raw data only and get paid XYO Network Tokens solely for retrieval of the data and
its subsequent use. Storage is always free.

Archivists are networked, so asking one Archivist will result in that Archivist asking other
Archivists for data that it does not contain. An Archivist can optionally store any ledger
information that is returned to it. This will most likely result in two types of Archivists:
ones that are at the data production edge of the “cloud” and the ones that are at the data
consumption edge of the “cloud.” Archivists in the middle will be hybrids. The choice to
store data is not enforced, but can easily be done through IPFS or another decentralized
storage solution. Each time data is handed off from one Archivist to another, additional
Proof of Origin is appended in order to track payment, since all Archivists get paid. For a
retrieval, a minimum Proof of Origin level can be set to increase validity. The interests of
Sentinels, Bridges, and Archivists must be aligned to prevent data bloat.

3.2.4 Diviners

Diviners are the most complex part of the XYO Network. The overall goal of a Diviner is to
fetch the most accurate data for a query from the XYO Network and relay that data back
to the issuer of that query. Diviners poll the applicable blockchain platform (i.e. Ethereum,
Stellar, Cardano, IOTA, etc.) for queries issued to the XYO smart contract. Then, they
find the answer to the query by interacting directly with the Archivist network to fetch the
answer with the highest accuracy/confidence score. They do this by judging the witness
with the best Proof of Origin chain. The Diviners that fetched the answer with the best
score in the shortest amount of time will have the ability to create a block on the main XYO
blockchain (XYOMainChain) through Proof of Work. Queries are prioritized by reward size
and complexity, so the more XYO offered for an answer, the higher in priority the query
would be.

Other Diviners reach consensus on the validity of a block and digitally sign the block.
The Diviner that was the coinbase address in that block will then send a transaction to
the smart contract containing the answer along with its accuracy score. It also sends a list
of other Diviners’ signatures in order to prevent an attacker from issuing fake information

5



into the blockchain by pretending to be a Diviner. The smart contract can then verify the
integrity of this information by checking the payload’s signature list.

3.3 End-to-End Functionality

Now that the responsibilities of each component are detailed, here is an end-to-end example
of how the system will work:

1. Sentinels Gather Data

• Sentinels gather real world location heuristics and prepare their own Proof of
Origin to be chained to nodes above them

2. Bridges Gather Data From Sentinels

• Bridges gather necessary data from online Sentinels and append Proof of Origin to
their chain. Bridges then make themselves available to Archivists in the Network.

3. Archivists Index/Assemble Data from Bridges

• Bridges constantly send information to Archivists that are then kept on decen-
tralized stores along with a location heuristic index.

4. Diviner Fetches a User’s Query

• Diviners poll for queries sent to the Ethereum smart contract and decide to begin
the answer formulation process

5. Diviner Collects Data From Archivists

• Diviners then decide to take on a query by fetching the appropriate information
needed from the Archivist network.

6. Diviner Formulates Answer

• Diviners choose the Best Answer to the query from the Archivist network that
contains the best Origin Chain Score.

7. Diviner Proposes Block

• Diviners then propose blocks on the XYOMainChain containing the answer con-
tents, the query, and the XYO Tokens (XYO) paid through Proof of Work. Other
Diviners on the network digitally sign the block’s content, then the coinbase Di-
viner’s account nonce is updated to showcase its Proof of Work in the system
once a consensus on a valid block is reached.

8. Diviner Returns Result to Query Initiator

• Diviners package the answer, its Origin Chain Score, and its set of digital sig-
natures and send them to an adapter component that securely connects to the
XYO smart contract. The adapter is in charge of making sure the integrity of the
Diviner has not been compromised and sends the set of digitally signed answers
to the smart contract. This happens right after the block creation process. The
coinbase Diviner is then paid for its efforts.

6



9. XYO Network Components Get Rewarded for Their Work

• The components along the Proof of Origin Chain get paid for their involvement
in fetching the answer to the query. Sentinels, Bridges, Archivists, and Diviners
are all rewarded for their work.

In the case that the same query is asked more than once, more than one answer may
be produced since the answer that is produced at a given moment is based on the available
heuristic the system can offer at that time. Submitting an answer to the blockchain takes
two steps. First, an analysis must be done to determine the Best Answer to a query. If
multiple answers are generated by the system, then nodes will compare the answers and
always choose the better answer. An example of a simple query would be: “Where was a
node on the network at a specific time in the past?”

3.4 Blockchain As a Single Source of Truth

At their core, Diviners simply transform relative data into absolute data. They are able to
explore the entire Archivist network to concretize an absolute answer to a query on the XYO
Network. Diviners are also the nodes that propose and add blocks to the XYOMainChain,
and get rewarded for their Proof of Work. Because the Archivist network is a store of
unprocessed data and the blockchain is a store of absolute, processed data, the network
can eventually use the latest information on the XYOMainChain to answer future queries
instead of relying on expensive computation through the Archivist Network.

Since blocks on the XYOMainChain store the Proof of Origin Chain and graph of com-
ponents that were used to answer queries, future Diviners can explore this absolute data
to achieve accurate results with lower bandwidth usage. As such, the XYOMainChain will
gradually become the most important source of truth of the system. However, an Archivist
network will still be required in order to maintain the most up-to-date information on loca-
tion heuristics gathered by Sentinels.

3.5 XYO Network’s Framework For Selecting The Best Answer
Candidate

We define the Best Answer as the single answer, amongst a list of Answer Candidates,
that returns the highest validity score and has a higher accuracy score than the minimum
required accuracy. The validity score is based on the Origin Chain Score. The system knows
what the highest record Origin Score is, which would be the 100 percent until a higher score
is achieved, which then becomes the new 100 percent. The XYO Network allows selection
of the Best Answer Algorithm for determining the Best Answer. This creates expansion for
future research into alternative algorithms.

When data is excluded from an answer due to it being considered bad or incorrect, it
will be circulated to archivists so that they can purge that data from their decentralized
stores.

3.6 Initial Integration With Public Blockchains

The XYO Network is designed to be an abstraction that can interact with any smart contract
capable, public blockchain such as Ethereum, Bitcoin + RSK, EOS, NEO, Stellar, Cardano
and others. To interact with the XYO Network, users on Ethereum, for instance, can issue

7



queries to our XYO smart contract and pay in XYO Tokens (ERC20). The nodes in our own
XYO Blockchain, called Diviners, would constantly be polling Ethereum for these queries
and be rewarded in the native currency of our own XYO Blockchain (also called XYO
Tokens). In the future, we will do a one-to-one conversion from holders of our ERC20 token
into our own blockchain’s native currency in order to provide our platforms with transaction
fees that support micropayment requirements necessary for scalable IoT use cases. In these
cases, we will allow users to issue queries directly to our blockchain instead of interacting
through a public smart contract.

4 Proof of Origin

With a physical network comprised of untrusted nodes it is possible to determine
the certainty of data that has been provided by edge nodes based on a zero-
knowledge proof that two or more pieces of data originated from the same
source. Using these data sets, combined with a number of similar data sets and the
knowledge of at least one node’s absolute location, the absolute location of the other node
can be ascertained.

4.1 Proof of Origin Introduction

Traditional trustless systems rely on a private key for signing transactions or contracts in
a system. This works very well with the assumption that the node on the network that
signs the data in question is physically and virtually secure. However, if the private key is
compromised, then the ability to prove origin falters.

When applying trustless concepts to the Internet of Things, it must be assumed that
edge nodes on the network are not physically or virtually secure. This brings forth the need
to identify edge nodes without the use of unique IDs and to instead judge the data produced
by them as being honest and valid without any knowledge from outside the network.

4.2 The Core of Proof of Origin: Bound Witnesses

Proof of Origin relies on the concept of a Bound Witness. Given that an untrusted source of
data used to resolve a digital contract (an oracle) is not useful, we can substantially increase
the certainty of the data provided by first establishing the existence of a bidirectional proof
of location. The primary bidirectional location heuristic is proximity, since both parties can
validate the occurrence and range of an interaction by cosigning the interaction. This allows
for a zero-knowledge proof that the two nodes were in proximity of each other.

We then need to determine the certainty that an oracle witness node in a trustless system
gathered the data that it is sharing. In a trustless system, a witness node can either by
defect or corruption produce false data. Invalid data can be detected and removed simply
if it falls outside the allowed range for that heuristic. Valid but incorrect data (i.e. false
data) is much more difficult to detect.

4.3 Unidirectional vs. Bidirectional Location Heuristics

Most data related to the physical world (a heuristic) is unidirectional. This means that the
element being measured cannot measure back, making unidirectional heuristic data very

8



difficult to validate. A bidirectional heuristic is one where the measured element can report
its own measurement back to the other party, which makes validation possible. Location is a
rare heuristic in that it can be bidirectional, with two edge nodes reporting on each other. A
real-world example of this would be two people who are near each other taking
a selfie, printing a copy for each party, and then both signing the selfie. This
process would give both parties Proof of Proximity. The only way for these two
people to have gotten this “data” would be from them having been together in
the same location.

Next, let us discuss network effects: Imagine a system where every edge node is expected
to constantly produce these “selfies” as they travel around, and store them in a binder. They
are also expected to keep that binder in time-sequential order and are never allowed to delete
one. This establishes a proximity recorder for each edge node that can be cross referenced
with the recorders of the other edge nodes.

4.4 Non-Edge Nodes

All nodes are considered “witnesses,” including bridge, relay, storage, and analysis nodes.
This allows for any data that is relayed from one node to the next to be bound. This is the
concept of the Bound Witness.

4.5 Cross Reference

Analyzing every set of “selfies” that is produced and chained together by every edge node
allows the system to produce the Best Answer from the relative proximity of all the nodes
that are in the network. If every node reports honestly and accurately, the mapping of all
the relative positions of the edge nodes will achieve the maximum certainty and accuracy
possible: 100 percent. Conversely, if every node is either dishonest or flawed, the certainty
and accuracy both can approach the minimum of 0 percent.

Given a set of reported data and a query for a relative position of one of the edge nodes,
an approximation of the position can be generated along with coefficients for certainty and
accuracy.

Given the same set of data and the same analysis algorithm, every calculation should
arrive at the same position approximation and the same coefficients for certainty and accu-
racy.

4.6 Diagram

S’ and S” (Figure 1.) are each a Sentinel (edge node) that collect heuristics. When in
contact with each other, they exchange heuristic data and public keys. Both build a full
record of the interaction and sign the resulting interaction. That signed record then becomes
the next entry in both of their local ledgers (16 for S’ and 3 for S”). This action binds these
two witnesses as being within proximity of each other.

9



Figure 1. Witness Binding Example Between Two Sentinels

4.7 Origin Chains

Each origin maintains its own ledger and signs it to make a Proof of Origin Chain. Once
information on the Proof of Origin Chain has been shared, it is effectively permanent. This
is because the fork that happens after the share ends the chain and makes all future data
from the witness to be treated as if it were from a new witness. To generate a link in a
Proof of Origin Chain, the origin generates a public/private key pair. It then signs both the
previous and next blocks with the same pair after including the public key in both blocks.
Immediately after the signature is made, the private key is deleted. With the immediate
deletion of the private key, the risk of a key being stolen or reused is greatly minimized.

10



Proof of Origin Chains are the key to verifying that ledgers flowing into the XYO Network
are valid. A unique ID for source of data is not practical since it can be forged. Private key
signing is not practical since most parts of the XYO Network are difficult or impossible to
physically secure, thus the ability for a bad actor to steal a private key is too feasible. To
solve this, XYO Network utilizes Transient Key Chains. The benefit of their usage is that
it is impossible to falsify the chain of origin for data. However, once the chain is broken, it
is broken forever and cannot be continued, rendering it an island.

Every time a heuristic ledger is handed off in XYO Network, the receiver appends their
own Proof of Origin, which makes the Proof of Origin Chain longer and generates a Proof
of Origin Intersection. Proof of Origin Chains and Proof of Origin Intersections are the
primary indicators used by Diviners to verify validity of ledgers. The equation for a Ledger
Reputation is effectively what percent of the XYO Network was involved in making the
Proof of Origin Ball associated with it. In theory, if 100 percent of the XYO Network
records are linked with Proof of Origin and then fully analyzed, the odds of it being valid is
100 percent. If 0 percent of XYO Network records are available for analysis, then validity
drops to 0 percent.

For added security, the public key for a Chain Link is not provided until the second entry
for it is made available. This also allows for the time interval between entries or other data
to be stored in the previous or next link.

4.8 Origin Chain Score

Origin Chain Score is calculated as follows (default algorithm):

• PcL = Proof of Origin Chain Length

• PcD = Proof of Origin Chain Difficulty

• Pc’ Pc” O = Proof of Origin Chain Overlap for Pc’ and Pc”

Score =

i=n∏
i=0

PcL ∗ PcD
Pc′Pc′′O

(1)

4.9 Origin Tree

An Origin Tree is used to calculate the approximate validity of an answer. It uses the data
gathered to generate an Ideal Tree, which is the tree that best fits that data for a given
asserted answer. If node N is located at X,Y,Z,T location, the error across all the data
in the set must hold a certain value. To compute this error, we would calculate the MIN,
MAX, MEAN, MEDIAN, and AVERAGE DISTANCE FROM THE MEAN.

Given a set S of all scores s, a Proof of Origin Chains Difficulty PcD, and an error factor
error, the Best Answer determined as follows:

BestAnswerScore = max
∀s∈Sj

[PcD ∗ (1− error)] (2)

In other words, the asserted answer that has the highest Best Answer Score is the Best
Answer. Using the Proof of Origin Tree, we can identify and prune impossible branches
(outliers).

11



4.10 Transient Key Chaining

A series of data packets can be chained together by using temporary private keys to sign
two successive packets. When the public key paired with the private key is included in the
data packets, the receiver can verify that both packets were signed by the same private key.
The data in the packet cannot be altered without breaking the signature, assuring that the
signed packets were not altered by a third party, such as a Bridge or storage node.

4.11 Link Depth

At a minimum, a node generates a new public/private key pair for every link in the Proof
of Origin Chain, which has a Link Depth of 1. There may be N entries in the link table for
a given Ledger Entry, with each entry specifying the distance in the future when part two
of the link will be added. No two links may have the same order of magnitude on a base 2
scale. For example, the entry [1,3,7,12,39] would be allowed, but [1,3,7,12,15] would
not.

The depth 1 link is created, used and deleted when the previous block is published.
However, links of depth greater than 1 have their pair generated as the previous block is
being signed, and the second signing does not happen until N blocks later, after which the
private key is deleted. For this reason, links of depth greater than 1 are always considered
to be less secure than links of depth 1, but they can be used to improve performance and
reduce data loss at the cost of that security.

4.12 Fixed Order

The key element in determining the sequence of ledgers is the order in which they were
reported. Given that it is not possible for a device to change the order of any Proof of
Origin signed ledger, an absolute order can be established by looking at all the ledgers
collectively.

4.13 Second-to-Last Publishing

A primary method for establishing Proof of Origin is based on the fact that a Sentinel always
reports its second to last block without reporting the last block. This allows the last block
to have the signed link to its predecessor as evidence of the link.

4.14 Empty Links

To make a Proof of Origin Chain more secure, it is required that the chain is updated no
more than once every ten seconds and no less than once every sixty minutes. In the case
that no new data is available, an empty block will be added to the chain.

4.15 Diagram

As time travels from left to right (Figure 2.), the Proof of Origin Chain that is being built
gets longer. At any given time, the producer of the chain will only provide to the caller the
entries with darkened borders, waiting for the second signing of the entry before making it
available. For example, in the 3rd column, only entries 2 and 1 will be returned as being
part of the chain.

12



Figure 2. Link inclusion example in a Proof of Origin Chain

4.16 Summary

Given a series of data packets that are signed in sequential pairs with temporary
private keys and include the paired public keys, it can be determined with
absolute certainty that the packets came from the same origin.

5 Security Considerations

5.1 Fake Diviner Attack

A set of digital signatures are sent to the XYO smart contract because the contract needs
to verify the integrity of the Diviner that sent the answer. The contract can then verify
the other Diviners that signed this list within a high confidence interval. Without this, the
relaying oracle would be the single source of failure and risk within the system.

5.2 Sentinel DDoS Attacks

Another attack to consider is a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) among Sentinel nodes
in a particular region. An attacker could attempt to establish a large number of connections

13



to Sentinels in order to prevent them from relaying the correct information or relaying any
information at all to the Bridges. We can circumvent this problem by requiring a small
cryptographic puzzle to be solved by anyone attempting to connect to a Sentinel. Since a
query won’t involve a very large number of connections to Sentinels, this will not impose
a heavy bearing on the XYO relay system, and will require an attacker to spend a large
amount of resources to execute a successful DDoS our network. At any given point in time,
a Proof of Origin Chain can be verified by anyone as it is stored on the XYOMainChain.
This ensures that if a single entity along the chain was compromised, the accuracy of the
query’s answer (Origin Chain Score) will drop to 0.

6 XYO Token Economy

Oracles stand as a significant portion of the power and infrastructure needs for decentralized
applications, with most of the focus revolving around the connectivity and aggregation of
authoritative oracles. We believe that the need for a fully decentralized and trustless system
of oracles is needed for decentralized applications to reach their maximum potential.

6.1 XYO Network Cryptoeconomics

We use XYO Tokens to incentivize the desired behavior of providing accurate, reliable
location heuristics. XYO Tokens can be thought of as “gas” needed to interface with the
real world in order to verify the XY-coordinate of a specified object.

The process works like this: A token holder first queries the XYO Network with a query
(e.g. “Where is my eCommerce order package with XYO Address 0x123456789...?”). The
query then gets sent into a queue, where it waits to be processed and answered. A user can
set their desired confidence level and XYO gas price at query creation. The cost of a query
(in XYO Tokens) is determined by the amount of data required to provide an answer to the
query as well as market dynamics. The more data needed, the more expensive the query
and higher the XYO gas price. Queries to the XYO Network have the potential to be very
large and expensive. For instance, a trucking and logistics company could query the XYO
Network to ask, “What is the location of every single car in our fleet?”

Once the XYO Token holder queries the XYO Network and pays the requested gas, all
Diviners working on the task call out to the relevant Archivists to retrieve the pertinent
data needed to answer the query. The data returned is derived from the Bridges, who
originally gathered the data from the Sentinels. Sentinels are essentially the devices or
signals that verify the location of objects. These include entities such as Bluetooth trackers,
GPS trackers, geo-location tracking built into IoT devices, satellite tracking technology, QR-
code scanners, RFID scanning and many others. XY Findables has pioneered and launched
its consumer Bluetooth and GPS business, which has allowed it to test and process real-
world location heuristic. All efforts in developing the XY Findables consumer business have
served to help significantly in designing the XYO Network Blockchain Protocol.

If the data provided by a Sentinel device (such as a Bluetooth Beacon) is used to answer
a query, then all four components involved in the transaction receive a portion of the XYO
gas paid by the token holder: the Diviner (who searched for the answer), the Archiver (who
stored the data), the Bridge (who transmitted the data) and the Sentinel (who recorded
the location data). The distribution of the gas between 3 of the 4 components of the

14



XYO Network is always given in the same proportion. The exception is that of Diviners,
whose involvement in the process of providing an answer is more extensive. Within each
component, gas gets distributed evenly.

6.2 Rewards for Independence

Location-gathering devices are the atomic blocks of the network, and a single device may act
as one or more of the four components of the system. However, it would be rare, especially
in a large XYO Network, that devices would be more than two of these components. Fur-
thermore, a blockchain ledger that has more independent Proof of Origin will hold higher
regard, so there is a cryptoeconomic penalty for a device acting as multiple components.

6.3 Rewards for Stationarity Integrity

Sentinels in the XYO Network are assigned a stationarity coefficient for their quantity of
movement throughout their lifecycle. The less a Sentinel moves in a period of time, the more
its data can be trusted. Archivists keep track and analyze these stationarity coefficients when
considering which Sentinels to route queries to.

6.4 Incentivizing Token Usage

A system in which token holders are encouraged not to use their tokens creates a long-term
problem for the underlying economy. It creates an ecosystem with very scarce stores of
value and triggers a natural impulse to invent reasons for not using the token, instead of
boosting utility and liquidity.

The problem most cryptoeconomic incentives have is that the focus is placed too strongly
on the token miners (e.g. Sentinels, Bridges, Archivists, Diviners), and not at all on the
token users. The XYO Token takes both into account.

The XYO Token model incentivizes the miner to not just provide accurate data, but to
also know when to not provide data at all. The end user is rewarded to transact more when
network liquidity is low, compared to when network liquidity is high. Thus the ecosystem
of the XYO Token has the ability to remain well-balanced, fluid and robust.

6.5 XYO Token Specifications

The public token sale has a tiered pricing structure that starts at 1 ETH: 100,000 XYO and
maxes out at 1 ETH: 33,333 XYO. Details regarding our volume and time based pricing
structure will be announced soon.

• Smart contract platform: Ethereum

• Contract Type: ERC20

• Token: XYO

• Token Name: XYO Network Utility Token

• Token Address: 0x55296f69f40ea6d20e478533c15a6b08b654e758

• Total issuance: Finite and capped at the amount reached after the Token Main Sale

15



• Projected XYO Token Cap: $48 Million

• Unsold and Unallocated tokens: Burned after the token sale event. No further XYO
tokens will be generated after the Main Sale ends.

7 XYO Network Use Cases

The XYO Network’s usage has vast applications that span a multitude of industries. Take
for example an eCommerce Company that could offer its premium customers payment-
upon-delivery services. To be able to offer this service, the eCommerce company would
leverage the XYO Network (which uses XYO Tokens) to write a smart contract (i.e. on
Ethereum’s platform). The XYO Network could then track the location of the package
being sent to the consumer along every single step of fulfillment; from the warehouse shelf
to the shipping courier, all the way into the consumer’s house and every location in between.
This could enable eCommerce retailers and websites to verify, in a trustless way, that the
package not only appeared on the customer’s doorstep, but also safely inside their home.
Once the package has arrived in the customer’s home (defined and verified by a specific
XY-Coordinate), the shipment is considered complete and the payment to the vendor gets
released. The eCommerce integration of the XYO Network thusly enables the ability to
protect the merchant from fraud and ensure consumers only pay for goods that arrive in
their home.

Consider an entirely different integration of the XYO Network with a hotel review site,
whose current problem is that their reviews are often not trusted. Naturally, hotel owners
are incentivized to improve their reviews at any cost. What if one could say with extremely
high certainty that someone was in San Diego, flew to a hotel in Bali and stayed there
for two weeks, returned to San Diego, and then wrote a review about their hotel stay in
Bali? The review would have a very high reputation, especially if it was written by a serial
reviewer who has written many reviews with verified location data.

8 XYO Network Expansion

We are fortunate to have a consumer business that has successfully built a real-world network
with over one million (1,000,000) Bluetooth and GPS devices in the world. Most location
networks fail to reach this phase and attain the critical mass necessary to build out an
extensive network. The Sentinel network we have created is only the starting point. The
XYO Network is an open system that any operator of location devices can plug into and
begin earning XYO Tokens.

Generally, the greater the Sentinel cardinality in the XYO Network, the more reliable
it is. To further grow its network, the XYO Network is engaging with other businesses to
expand its network of Sentinels beyond its own network of XY Findables beacons.

16



9 Acknowledgements

This white paper is the product of an inspiring team effort that was made possible through
the belief in our vision from the following individuals: Raul Jordan (Harvard College, Thiel
Fellow and XYO Network Advisor); for his contributions in making our white paper more
concise and helping us elegantly communicate its technical details to the world. We thank
Christine Sako for her exceptional work ethic and attention to detail in her review of our
work. The consistency in structure and best-practices observed in our white paper is the
product of Christine’s efforts. We thank Johnny Kolasinski for his research and compilation
of applicable use cases. Last, we thank John Arana for his careful review and creative input.

References

[1] Blanchard, Walter. Hyperbolic Airborne Radio Navigation Aids. Journal of Navigation,
44(3), September 1991.

[2] Karapetsas, Lefteris. Sikorka.io.
http://sikorka.io/files/devcon2.pdf. Shanghai, September 29, 2016.

[3] Di Ferrante, Matt. Proof of Location.
https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/comments/539o9c/proof of location/.
September 17, 2016.

[4] Goward, Dana. RNT Foundation Testifies Before Congress. US House of Representatives
Hearing: “Finding Your Way: The Future of Federal Aids to Navigation,” Washington,
DC, February 4, 2014.

17



Glossary

accuracy A measure of confidence that a data point or heuristic is within a specific margin
of error. 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, 9

Archivist An Archivist stores heuristics as a part of the decentralized data set with the
goal of having all historical ledgers stored, but without that requirement. Even if some
data is lost or becomes temporarily unavailable, the system continues to function, just
with reduced accuracy. Archivists also index ledgers so that they can return a string
of ledger data if needed. Archivists store raw data only and get paid solely for retrieval
of the data. Storage is always free. 4–7, 14, 15

Best Answer We define the Best Answer as the single answer, amongst a list of Answer
Candidates, that returns the highest validity score and has a higher accuracy score
than the minimum required accuracy.. 6, 7, 9, 11

Best Answer Algorithm An algorithm used to generate Best Answer Scores when a Di-
viner chooses an answer. The XYO Network permits the addition of specialized algo-
rithms and allows the customer to specify which algorithm to use. It is required that
this algorithm will result in the same score when run on any Diviner given the same
data set. 7

Bound Witness Bound Witness is a concept achieved by the existence of a bidirectional
heuristic. Given that an untrusted source of data for the use of digital contract reso-
lution (an oracle) is not useful, there is a substantial increase in certainty of the data
provided by the establishment of such a heuristic. The primary bidirectional heuristic
is proximity since both parties can validate the occurrence and range of an interac-
tion by cosigning the interaction. This allows for a zero-knowledge proof that the two
nodes were in proximity of each other.. 1, 8, 9

Bridge A Bridge is a heuristic transcriber. It securely relays heuristic ledgers from Sentinels
to Diviners. The most important aspect of a Bridge is that a Diviner can be sure that
the heuristic ledgers that are received from a Bridge have not been altered in any way.
The second most important aspect of a Bridge is that they add an additional Proof
of Origin metadata. 4–6, 12, 14, 15

certainty A measure of the likelihood that a data point or heuristic is free from corruption
or tampering. 1–4, 8, 9, 13, 16

crypto-location The realm of cryptographic location technology. 3

cryptoeconomics A formal discipline that studies protocols that govern the production,
distribution, and consumption of goods and services in a decentralized digital economy.
Cryptoeconomics is a practical science that focuses on the design and characterization
of these protocols. 15

Diviner A Diviner answers a given query by analyzing historical data that has been stored
by the XYO Network. Heuristics stored in the XYO Network must have a high level
of Proof of Origin to determine the validity and accuracy of the heuristic. A Diviner
obtains and delivers an answer by judging the witness based on its Proof of Origin.

18



Given that the XYO Network is a trustless system, Diviners must be incentivized to
provide honest analyses of heuristics. Unlike Sentinels and Bridges, Diviners use Proof
of Work to add answers to the blockchain. 4–8, 11, 13–15

heuristic A data point about the real world relative to the position of a Sentinel (proximity,
temperature, light, motion, etc...). 4–9, 11, 14

oracle A part of a DApp (decentralized application) system that is responsible for resolving
a digital contract by providing an answer with accuracy and certainty. The term
“oracle” originates from cryptography where it signifies a truly random source (e.g.
of a random number). This provides the necessary gate from a crypto equation to
the world beyond. Oracles feed smart contracts information from beyond the chain
(the real world, or off-chain). Oracles are interfaces from the digital world to the real
world. As a morbid example, consider a contract for a Last Will & Testament. A
Will’s terms are executed upon confirmation that the testator is deceased. An oracle
service could be built to trigger a Will by compiling and aggregating relevant data
from official sources. The oracle could then be used as a feed or end-point for a smart
contract to call out to in order to check whether or not the person is deceased. 1, 3,
4, 8, 14

Origin Chain Score The score assigned to an Origin Chain to determine its credibility.
This assessment takes length, tangle, overlap, and redundancy into consideration. 4,
6, 7, 11, 14

Origin Tree A data set of ledger entries taken from various Origin Chains to establish the
origin of a heuristic ledger entry with a specified level of certainty. 11

Proof of Origin Proof of Origin is the key to verifying that ledgers flowing into the XYO
Network are valid. A unique ID for source of data is not practical since it can be
forged. Private key signing is not practical since most parts of the XYO Network
are difficult or impossible to physically secure, thus the potential for a bad actor to
steal a private key is too feasible. To solve this, XYO Network uses Transient Key
Chaining. The benefit of this is that it is impossible to falsify the chain of origin for
data. However, once the chain is broken, it is broken forever and cannot be continued,
rendering it an island. 1, 4–6, 8, 11, 12, 15

Proof of Origin Chain A Transient Key Chain that links together a series of Bound
Witness heuristic ledger entries. 4, 7, 10–12, 14

Proof of Work Proof of Work is a piece of data that satisfies certain requirements, is diffi-
cult to produce (i.e. costly, time-consuming), but easy for others to verify. Producing
a Proof of Work can be a random process with a low probability of generation so that
rigorous trial and error is required on average before a valid Proof of Work is created.
5–7

Sentinel A Sentinel is a heuristic witness. It observes heuristics and vouches for the cer-
tainty and accuracy of them by producing temporal ledgers. The most important
aspect of a Sentinel is that it produces ledgers that Diviners can be certain came from
the same source by adding Proof of Origin to them. 3–7, 9, 12–16

19



smart contract A protocol coined by Nick Szabo before Bitcoin, purportedly in 1994
(which is why some believe him to be Satoshi Nakamoto, the mystical and unknown
inventor of Bitcoin). The idea behind smart contracts is to codify a legal agreement in
a program and to have decentralized computers execute its terms, instead of humans
having to interpret and act on contracts. Smart contracts collapse money (e.g. Ether)
and contracts into the same concept. Being that smart contracts are deterministic
(like computer programs) and fully transparent and readable, they serve as a powerful
way to replace middle-men and brokers. 1–7, 13, 16

Transient Key Chain A Transient Key Chain links a series of data packets using Tran-
sient Key Cryptography. 11

trustless A characteristic where all parties in a system can reach a consensus on what the
canonical truth is. Power and trust is distributed (or shared) among the network’s
stakeholders (e.g. developers, miners, and consumers), rather than concentrated in
a single individual or entity (e.g. banks, governments, and financial institutions).
This is a common term that can be easily misunderstood. Blockchains don’t actually
eliminate trust. What they do is minimize the amount of trust required from any
single actor in the system. They do this by distributing trust among different actors
in the system via an economic game that incentivizes actors to cooperate with the
rules defined by the protocol. 1, 3–5, 8, 14, 16

XY Oracle Network XYO Network. 1

XYO Network XYO Network stands for “XY Oracle Network.” It is comprised of the
entire system of XYO enabled components/nodes that include Sentinels, Bridges,
Archivists, and Diviners. The primary function of the XYO Network is to act as
a portal by which digital smart contracts can be executed through real world geo-
location confirmations. 2–5, 7, 11, 14–17

XYOMainChain An immutable blockchain in the XYO Network that stores query trans-
actions along with data gathered from Diviners and their associated origin score. 4–7,
14

20


	Introduction
	Historical Background & Previous Approaches
	Proof of Location
	Proof of Location: Shortcomings

	The XY Oracle Network
	Introduction
	Network Overview
	Sentinels
	Bridges
	Archivists
	Diviners

	End-to-End Functionality
	Blockchain As a Single Source of Truth
	XYO Network’s Framework For Selecting The Best Answer Candidate
	Initial Integration With Public Blockchains

	Proof of Origin
	Proof of Origin Introduction
	The Core of Proof of Origin: Bound Witnesses
	Unidirectional vs. Bidirectional Location Heuristics
	Non-Edge Nodes
	Cross Reference
	Diagram
	Origin Chains
	Origin Chain Score
	Origin Tree
	Transient Key Chaining
	Link Depth
	Fixed Order
	Second-to-Last Publishing
	Empty Links
	Diagram
	Summary

	Security Considerations
	Fake Diviner Attack
	Sentinel DDoS Attacks

	XYO Token Economy
	XYO Network Cryptoeconomics
	Rewards for Independence
	Rewards for Stationarity Integrity
	Incentivizing Token Usage
	XYO Token Specifications

	XYO Network Use Cases
	XYO Network Expansion
	Acknowledgements

