




































 

 
 
 
 
 
 

ZIPPER 
Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 

 
 
 

Whitepaper 
 

Zipper   Global   Ltd 
30   November   2017 

 
Version   0.8   (DRAFT) 

 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

 
 

 
 

A   hundred   years   ago , 
 

If   somebody   had   asked   Alexander   Graham   Bell,   “What   are   you   going   to   be   able   to   do 
with   a   telephone?”   he   would   not   have   been   able   to   tell   them   the   ways   the   telephone 

would   affect   the   world.   He   didn’t   know   that   people   would   use   the   telephone   to   call   up 
and   find   out   what   movies   were   playing   that   night   or   to   order   some   groceries   or   call   a 

relative   on   the   other   side   of   the   globe. 
 

But   remember   that   first   the   public   telegraph   was   inaugurated,   in   1844.   It   was   an 
amazing   breakthrough   in   communications.   You   could   actually   send   messages   from 
New   York   to   San   Francisco   in   an   afternoon.   People   talked   about   putting   a   telegraph 

on   every   desk   in   America   to   improve   productivity.   But   it   wouldn’t   have   worked.   It 
required   that   people   learn   this   whole   sequence   of   strange   incantations,   Morse   code, 

dots   and   dashes,   to   use   the   telegraph.   It   took   about   40   hours   to   learn.   The   majority   of 
people   would   never   learn   how   to   use   it.   So,   fortunately,   in   the   1870s,   Bell   filed   the 

patents   for   the   telephone.   It   performed   basically   the   same   function   as   the   telegraph, 
but   people   already   knew   how   to   use   it.  

…   They’re   not   going   to   learn   slash   q-z   any   more   than   they’re   going   to   learn   Morse 
code.   That   is   what   Macintosh   is   all   about.   It’s   the   first   “telephone”   of   our   industry. 

 
Steve   Jobs,   Playboy   interview,   February   1985 

 
 
   

1 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

Table   of   contents 
  
 

1   Summary 3 

2   Introduction:   blockchain   needs   easier   and   more   secure   consumer   experiences 6 
Key   challenges   to   scale   the   decentralized   ecosystem 6 
Three   statements   of   mass   adoption 7 
Building   the   Ethereum   powered   open   mobile   ecosystem 8 

3   Zipper   platform   supports   decentralized   mobile   services   seamlessly   and   securely 9 
Value   proposition 10 
Architecture   &   key   features 11 
First   day   with   Zipper 14 

4   Developer   &   community   program   for   Sony   Xperia   and   current   state   of   project 16 
Developer   &   community   program   for   Sony   Xperia 16 
R&D   roadmap   towards   phase   1 17 
How   we   got   here 18 

5   Building   the   application   ecosystem 20 
Partnering   with   large   ongoing   blockchain   projects 20 
Investing   into   ecosystem   projects 21 
Rewarding   application   developers   with   ZIP   tokens 21 

6   Getting   decentralized   world   to   the   hands   of   smartphone   users 22 
Phase   1:   Commercialize 22 
Phase   2:   Scale   with   device   vendor   partners 23 
Phase   3:   Scale   as   downloadable   solution 23 

7   ZIP   token 24 
ZIP   tokens   natural   demand   and   re-spending   model 24 
Issuance   &   allocation 28 
Governance 28 
Token   supply   &   vesting   over   time 29 
Token   sales 30 
Token   specification 30 

8   Team   &   advisors 31 

2 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

1   Summary 
 

Zipper is building a  mobile platform which brings blockchain based services to the                         
masses by making them easy to use. The project aims to elevate our smartphones to                             
blockchain   powered   devices   which   anyone   can   use. 

While Ethereum and other blockchains enable a new decentralized economy, the                     
cumbersome user experience , for example, with handling one’s private keys, can severely                       
hinder the mass adoption of various blockchain services. At the same time, there are                           
billions of people around the world who access the internet primarily with their                         
smartphones. Building a secure and easy to use mobile platform for smartphone users is                           
the   key   to   bring   the   benefits   of   blockchain   based   services   to   the   masses. 

The Zipper team is  specialized in building open source mobile operating systems,                       
products and communities. A decade ago, we contributed in building Nokia’s MeeGo OS,                         
and founded Jolla in 2011 to create the independent Sailfish OS which is now licensed by                               
several large nations and industry players. We have also grown active open source                         
communities around these projects, an asset we can further utilize with the Zipper                         
initiative. 

As its first step to enter the market, Zipper has partnered with Jolla to launch a developer                                 
& community program for Sony Xperia smartphone . Developers can use the device to                         
integrate their blockchain based services to the Zipper platform, and community members                       
to provide feedback as the platform’s first users. Over time, Zipper aims to make the Zipper                               
platform and the services integrated into it available to many other Android and Sailfish OS                             
smartphones   as   a   pre-installed   or   downloadable   solution. 

ZIP token (ZIPT) is Zipper platform’s utility token which is used mainly for three purposes:                             
the platform and service providers can use ZIP to  reward their active users , helping the                             
providers to establish a loyal user base and on the other hand rewarding loyal users for                               
their attention. Moreover, ZIP is used to  incentivise application development for the                       
Zipper platform as well as to  curate the best applications for discovery through a                           
curation   market   mechanism. 

Zipper will invest into projects which are essential for the Zipper ecosystem to succeed, and                             
invites existing blockchain projects to integrate their services into the Zipper platform.                       
Together we can offer a  smooth integrated user experience , just like iOS and Android do                             
today,   but,   in   a   decentralized   way    valuing   privacy,   transparency   and   collaboration . 

 

3 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

Disclaimer 
 
This whitepaper draft is for information only and does not constitute an offer or any kind of                                 
investment advice. Any element of this whitepaper may undergo significant changes as the                         
project   further   develops. 
 
The brands and visuals seen in this whitepaper are for illustration purposes only, and not                             
endorsements or partnerships from these specific brands unless explicitly stated                   
otherwise. 
 
We hope that this draft encourages critical review of our project in the community. You are                               
more than welcome to contact us and join the discussion on any channel listed on                             
zipperglobal.com. 
 
   

4 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

Glossary 
 
 
Zipper   platform   -    Decentralized   application   runtime   environment   which   aims   to   bring 
blockchain   powered   mobile   experiences   to   the   masses   in   an   easy   and   secure   way. 
 
Decentralized   application   runtime   environment    -   Runtime   used   by   decentralized 
applications   and   some   system   services   on   mobile   devices,   independent   from   devices’ 
original   operating   system. 
 
Decentralized   mobile   web    -   The   next   generation   of   internet   where   core   services   like 
digital   identity   are   decentralized,   and   where   individuals   with   mobile   devices   can   engage   in 
value   and   ownership   exchange   directly   with   each   other   without   middlemen. 
 
ZIP   token    -   Ethereum   ERC20   utility   token   which   Zipper   platform   and   the   services 
integrated   into   it   use   to   reward   their   users   and   developers. 
 
Token    -   An   intangible   asset   stored   on   a   blockchain   which   entitles   a   token   holder   to   a 
bundle   of   rights   (and   possibly   liabilities)   set   out   in   smart   contracts   and   other   relevant 
documentation. 
 
Zipper   ecosystem    -   Products,   services   and   their   developers   and   providers,   end   users,   and 
other   participants   who   create,   use   and   promote   ZIP   token   powered   experiences. 
 
ZIP   Trust   -    A   Trust   managing   the   allocation   of   ZIP   tokens. 
 
Zipper   project    -   General   term   for   the   project   described   in   this   whitepaper. 
 
Zipper   Global   Ltd    -   A   Hong   Kong   based   company   founded   in   2016   which   leads   the   Zipper 
project   and   steers   the   development   of   Zipper   platform. 
 
Jolla   Ltd    -   A   Finnish   technology   company   which   develops   the   open   Sailfish   OS   mobile 
operating   system   and   is   one   of   Zipper’s   R&D   partners. 
 
 

 

   

5 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

2   Introduction:   blockchain   needs   easier 
and   more   secure   consumer   experiences 
 
New technologies scale into mainstream only with simple and good user experiences.                       
Apple and its products are a great example of this: first it took personal computers to the                                 
mainstream by replacing DOS commands with a graphical interface and a mouse. Then                         
Apple disrupted mobile by replacing a tiny screen and buttons with a large touch screen                             
and   a   vivid   ecosystem   of   useful   and   easy   to   use   apps. 
 
Blockchain and crypto-assets are the next big disruptor after internet and mobile. Where                         
mobile internet provided equal access to information for most people in the world,                         
blockchain and tokens will provide equal access to value exchange for everyone connected                         
to the internet. The key to reach this vision is easy, trustless, low cost transactions, which                               
the   Ethereum   platform   and   smart   contracts   can   provide. 
 
The Zipper project’s goal is to enable the average consumer to have access to the                             
decentralized web’s services, as easily as he accesses the mobile internet with an iPhone or                             
Android device; just take the device out of the box or install an app and start using and                                   
earning with it straight away, instead of having to print and hide private key, or worrying if                                 
one’s   sensitive   data   can   be   leaked. 
 
 

Key   challenges   to   scale   the   decentralized   ecosystem 
 
The current user experience of mobile Ethereum, and other blockchains, leave a lot to be                             
desired: 
 

- The   handling   of   private   keys   is   far   from   being   usable:   printing   your   private   key   and 
keeping   it   “safe”,   is   just   not   going   to   work   on   a   large   scale. 

 
- The   number   of   hacks,   where   private   keys   have   been   stolen,   by   using   various   social 

engineering   methods,   show   us   that   when   Ethereum   and   the   blockchain   industry 
moves   into   the   masses,   the   hackers   will   move   along. 

 
- Most   of   the   mobile   devices   in   the   world   are   Google   Android   devices   which   base   their 

business   model   on   the   monetization   of   user   data.   Cryptocurrency   users   can   never 
be   sure   how   their   data   is   being   used.   Building   a   decentralized   mobile   ecosystem   on 

6 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

top   of   the   current   model   is   like   building   your   house   on   sand.   You   can   invest   a   lot   of 
effort   building   something   great,   but   eventually   the   house   will   sink.  

 
- User   interfaces   are   full   of   terms   unknown   and   confusing   for   the   average   person. 

 
 

Three   statements   of   mass   adoption 

 
To   enable   the   mass   adoption   of   Ethereum   and   other   blockchains: 
 

1. We need to create smartphone experiences which handle our private keys and                       
transactions   in   a   safe   and   easy   to   use   way. 

 
2. We need to address the integration of various Ethereum and blockchain services                       

into   smartphones   as   one   seamless   experience. 
 

Currently, 98% of the smartphone industry is dominated by Android and iOS.                       
Google and Apple decide, and control, what is being integrated into these devices                         
and   which   applications   shall   have   screen   presence. 
 
Google has very strict agreements with all the device vendors and original device                         
manufacturers shipping Android devices with Google services, such as the Play app                       
store. One of the agreements, called MADA, basically determines that the user                       
interface shall not be modified and that the Google core services shall be the default                             
services, and in prominent positions in the UI. Moreover, Google and Apple guard                         
their app stores carefully, and will certainly have their say in allowing decentralized                         
applications, which bypass their in-app purchasing mechanisms and related fees,                   
entering their app stores. Decentralized, token powered services simply do not fit                       
into their business models. Imagine if WhatsApp or Twitter would never have been                         
accepted   to   Google   Play.   No   one   would   know   about   them.  
 

3. We need to build an open and independent smartphone platform for decentralized                       
services to ensure that our private data or transactions are not used without our                           
consent. 

 
 
 

7 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

Building   the   Ethereum   powered   open   mobile   ecosystem  
 
Zipper aims to build five key cornerstones to create the blockchain powered open mobile                           
ecosystem: 
 

1. Zipper   platform,    an   Ethereum   based   open   smartphone   runtime   environment 
which   supports   Ethereum   and   other   blockchain   protocols   and   dapps   natively   and 
securely. 

 
2. Developer   &   community   program   for   Sony   Xperia    devices   to   empower   dapp 

developers   to   integrate   their   services   to   Zipper   platform   and   to   engage   pioneer 
users. 

 
3. Strong   mobile    dapp   ecosystem ,   partly   funded   by   Zipper   project,   to   provide   Zipper 

platform’s   users   the   services   they   need,   easily   and   safely. 
 

4. Distribution    of   Zipper   platform   to   the   hands   of   users   through   Android   and   Sailfish 
OS   device   vendor   partnerships,   a   downloadable   platform,   and   disruptive   sponsoring 
and   lending   device   models. 

 
5. Passionate    user   and   developer   community    empowered   by    ZIP   token . 

 
Each   of   these   cornerstones   will   be   addressed   in   this   whitepaper.   

8 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

3   Zipper   platform   supports   decentralized 
mobile   services   seamlessly   and   securely 
 
Zipper platform is our solution for making Ethereum and blockchain powered services                       
accessible to smartphone users around the world. Zipper is a full-stack mobile runtime                         
environment for decentralized protocols and dapps, fully separated from operating                   
systems   such   as   Android,   running   side   by   side   on   the   same   hardware. 
 
Zipper platform aims to enable a trustable, beautiful, out-of-box experience that  just works                         
and   makes   it   easy   for   the   masses   to   start   using   blockchain   based   services.  
 
 

 
 
 

Image   1.     Zipper   platform   enables   core   blockchain   services   to   be   integrated   to   smartphones, 
out-of-the-box.    Note:    app   icons   are   for   illustration   purposes   only,   not   established   partnerships. 

 
 

9 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

Value   proposition 
 
Zipper’s solution brings numerous benefits for users, developers and the decentralized                     
ecosystem. 
 
 
Everyday   mobile   users 
 
Easy   of   use 

- Can   easily   make   cryptocurrency   transactions,   also   to   and   from   fiat 
- Can   be   worry-free   about   private   key   handling   and   storage 
- Enjoy   seamless,   integrated   software-hardware   dapp   experiences 
- Can   access   their   favorite   dapps   whenever;   Zipper   platform   is   just   a   swipe   away   from 

Android   or   Sailfish   OS   home   screen 
 
Data   control 

- Can   trust   that   their   device   does   not   collect   private   data   when   using   Zipper   platform 
- Can   choose   which   data   to   share   and   with   whom 

 
Earning 

- Can   get   paid   in   tokens   for   shared   data 
- Can   monetize   storage,   computing,   knowledge,   and   other   assets 

 
 
Dapp   developers 
 
Distribution 

- Get   a   new   distribution   channel   to   reach   users;   Zipper   platform   users   will   have   direct 
access   to   the   services   integrated   into   it 

 
Smooth   user   experience 

- Can   integrate   their   services   “deeply”   into   smartphones   and   build   Apple-like 
seamless   user   experiences 

 
 
Ethereum   &   decentralized   ecosystem 
 
Adoption 

- Drives   Ethereum   and   blockchain   adoption   around   the   world 

10 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

- Makes   Ethereum   and   blockchain   approachable   and   easy   to   use   for   the   average 
consumer 

 
Collaboration 

- Encourages   collaboration   among   various   protocols   and   dapp   projects,   to   provide 
seamless   mobile   experiences 

 
 

Architecture   &   key   features 
 
Zipper platform is based on several open source technologies and is planned to work in                             
multiple Android and Sailfish OS hardware configurations, either side by side with the OS to                             
ease   adoption,   or   on   its   own. 
 
 
 

 
 

Image   2.    Zipper   platform   is   fully   separated   from   Android,   running   on   the   same   hardware   side   by 
side. 

 
 
 
 

11 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

Secure   containers 
 
Zipper platform provides a secure, open source environment for hosting blockchain                     
services and dapps in separated containers, that can be also accessed through the Android                           
UX through an internal network on the device, where untrustable Android applications                       
would not be able to reach private information such as encryption or signing cryptographic                           
keys   or   encrypted   data. 
 
 
Easy   handling   of   private   keys   &   identity 
 
Cumbersome use and storage of one’s private keys and identity management are some of                           
the key hurdles in the current cryptocurrency experience. Zipper aims to solve this                         
challenge   by   utilizing   Shamir’s   secret   sharing   to   private   key   management. 
 
The users’ main cryptographic identity (mnemonic) is never fully stored on the device, but is                             
split up through Shamir’s secret sharing and stored partially in an online service provided                           
by Zipper (or another service of the user's’ own choosing). This second piece of the split                               
secret   is   encrypted   with   a   key   only   available   on   the   device. 
 
Upon device boot-up, the pieces are put together and decrypted with a device-specific key,                           
ideally hosted in the devices’ security chip. If device is lost or stolen, the user will be able to                                     
ban the device from accessing the second piece of the split secret through another of his                               
devices   or   other   methods   set   up   by   user. 
 

 
 

Image   3.    Splitting   user’s   cryptographic   identity   with   Shamir’s   secret   sharing. 
 
 

12 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

The key management software also provides methods for enabling passphrase-accessed                   
mnemonic derived keys akin to the feature of Visa PayPass where only fund transfers                           
above a certain amount require a PIN, so a frictionless experience is achieved for smaller                             
transactions. The Zipper project is also looking at several other options to reduce friction of                             
using private keys, for example writeable NFC tags provided in the box for easy but secure                               
cryptographic   identity   recovery   in   case   of   device   loss. 
 
 
Secure   display   overlays 
 
Enabling further trust, Zipper platform-hosted services can also provide secure display                     
overlays on the phone that the Android OS side cannot intercept, such as for PIN entry or                                 
viewing   encrypted   information. 
 
 
Restricted   internet   access   &   VPN 
 
Zipper platform does not allow internet access by default for blockchain services and dapps                           
unless   specifically   allowed   and   provides   ability   for   VPN-only   internet   connectivity. 
 
 
Signed   platform   images   &   encrypted   storage 
 
The phone bootloader can be setup to only boot hypervisor and Zipper platform images                           
that have been cryptographically signed by the user himself, increasing user trust. Zipper                         
platform comes with an built-in IPFS client, an Ethereum light client, secure encryption key                           
storage   and   signing   UX.   The   storage   area   of   Zipper   platform   is   fully   encrypted. 
 
 
Integration   of   core   blockchain   services   &   seamless   token   exchange 
 
Zipper platform will build an API to enable easy integration of different blockchain services                           
and applications. Zipper will jointly, with core blockchain services projects, develop a                       
multitoken solution, so that different tokens are easy to use for the user in connection of                               
each service. For example, if the user has only ETH tokens in her wallet and makes an                                 
action in the Status dapp which requires use of its native SNT token, user can simply make                                 
the action and Zipper platform automatically converts some of the user’s ETH into SNT                           
tokens. This is important, as without such integration, the user experience will be like                           
having   a   dinner   and   needing   to   pay   for   the   fork,   knife,   plate   and   glass   separately.  
 
 

13 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

Downloadable   software 
 
Zipper platform is possible to download and install, without the hypervisor and chipset                         
security bits, for supported existing devices that satisfy the requirements needed for the                         
platform, such as an open bootloader and kernel source code availability, effectively                       
creating a secure container with Zipper platform inside that the existing Android system on                           
the   phone   cannot   access. 
 
 

First   day   with   Zipper 
 
What   could   the   first   day   with   Zipper   platform   be   like? 
 
John is new to cryptocurrency and he wants to get into the expanding community. He has                               
heard that getting into crypto can be complex, as its difficult to know which wallet can be                                 
used safely, and managing private keys by printing them and keeping them safe and                           
hidden at home frightens him. John has also heard from his friends that many people in                               
the crypto community have been hacked, and he is worried if the transactions he does with                               
his Android phone can be tracked and if this can lead to hacking of his wallet. He also does                                     
not know what kind of different blockchain services there are, and which could be useful                             
for   him.   He   finds   it   confusing   that   to   use   each   service,   he   needs   to   buy   a   different   token.  
 
John heard from his friend Rachel that there is a secure, easy to use solution available                               
called Zipper. To get Zipper, John just needs to download Zipper from the project’s website                             
and   install   it   to   his   Sony   Xperia   Android   smartphone.  
 
After John has downloaded and installed Zipper platform, the device boots up and Zipper                           
asks John to take a photo of his ID and a selfie to create his digital identity. Now John has a                                         
digital identity tied to his legal identity, that he can leverage with dapps that require it. The                                 
ID can also start building a reputation score based on John’s community and financial                           
activity, if John so prefers. A good score, may, for example, help John to get loans or work                                   
from   other   Zipper   users   and   projects. 
 
Next, John chooses to create a wallet. Zipper automatically generates private and public                         
keys for John. The platform splits the private key into two or more pieces, and asks John                                 
where he would prefer the pieces to be stored. John decides to store one part into his                                 
phone, and one part into a trusted decentralized storage service. When John makes a small                             
everyday transaction, he just identifies himself with a fingerprint sensor. After                     
identification,   the   device   pulls   both   parts   of   the   private   key   and   triggers   the   transaction. 
 

14 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

Now John opens his wallet. He is happy to see that there is already 20 ZIP tokens deposited                                   
on his account as a welcome gift from Zipper. He has heard that he can earn money in the                                     
blockchain space in various ways, for example, by mining cryptocurrencies or by renting his                           
device’s processing power or storage. John also starts renting his device’s unused storage,                         
and sharing his mobile data package through a hotspot in case someone in the                           
neighbourhood   needs   internet   access;   a   nice   way   to   earn   some   tokens   and   help   others.  
 
John continues exploring Zipper by opening its dapp store. He browses through various                         
blockchain based services, with the most interesting ones curated to the main page by the                             
community. John opens a career portal. Although John is not actively looking for a new job,                               
he is interested to see if there are small gigs which he could do in a few hours of his space                                         
time. John notices that someone is asking a technical opinion on a software package he                             
knows well, with a 100 ZIP tokens reward. John decides to write the analysis after the                               
reputation score connected to John’s ID gives him a chance to offer his services in this area.                                 
John gets the gig, delivers it in a few hours, customer accepts the work, and the ZIP tokens                                   
are   released   to   John.  
 
John also notices that he can earn ZIP tokens by recommending the people he knows. He                               
immediately recognised one of his friends using Zipper and gives her a recommendation.                         
John   gets   a   reward   of   10   ZIP   tokens. 
 
What   a   nice   first   day   for   John   in   the   crypto   world! 

 

   

15 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

4   Developer   &   community   program   for 
Sony   Xperia   and   current   state   of   project  
 

Developer   &   community   program   for   Sony   Xperia 
 
Zipper will develop the first version of Zipper platform for Android and Sailfish OS powered                             
Sony Xperia device. The goal is to empower dapp developers to integrate their services into                             
Zipper platform through a dedicated developer device, and for pioneer users to get early                           
access   and   give   feedback. 
 
On the device, Zipper platform will run separately from Android or Sailfish operating                         
system,   while   being   accessible   with   a   single   swipe   from   the   home   screen. 
 
For Sailfish OS support, Zipper has partnered with Jolla, a Finnish developer of the open                             
and independent Sailfish OS. Earlier, Jolla and Sony have jointly developed a software                         
solution which enables Sony Xperia X owners to replace Android OS with Sailfish OS just by                               
downloading   and   installing   it   to   their   device. 
 
More   information   about   the   collaboration   of   Sony   and   Jolla:    https://blog.jolla.com/sailfishx/ 
 
 

 
 

Image   4.    Sony   Xperia   X   with   Sailfish   OS   (source:   Jolla). 

16 

https://blog.jolla.com/sailfishx/


 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

R&D   roadmap   towards   phase   1 
 
Zipper   project   works   to   reach   three   milestones   to   bring   Zipper   platform   to   developers   and 
early   adopters. 
 
 
Milestone   1:   Zipper   platform   for   Sony   Xperia   (Q1   2018) 
 
In   the   first   phase,   we   plan   to   implement   the   following: 

● Vault   key   storage   supporting   per-dapp   private   storage   separate   from   Android   OS 
● Cryptographic   identity   recovery   through   NFC   tag   +   saving   through   setup 
● Device   provisioning   and   device   access   revocation   through   other   devices 
● Signing   UX 
● Working   API   for   dapps   to   integrate   with   Zipper   platform,   compatible   with   web3.js 
● First   release   Zipper   platform   for   Sony   Xperia   device 

 
 
Milestone   2:   Integration   of   core   services   (Q3   2018) 
 
In   the   second   phase,   we   plan   to   integrate   selected   core   blockchain   services   into   the 
platform: 

● Mobile   usecase   friendly   distributed   file   storage   integration   (IPFS) 
● Data   mirroring   token   integration   and   API   (Filecoin   or   likes) 
● KYC   collection,   integration   and   whitelisting   of   a   subset   of   identity   keys,   usable   across 

all   dapps   on   device   in   collaboration   with   a   partner 
● Cryptographic   identity   and   contacts   database   integration 
● Android   Zipper   platform   integration,   including   app   launcher   integration   of   installed 

dapps 
● Non-Google   Chrome   browser   integration   for   dapps 
● Mobile   security   chip   integration   for   per-device   key   storage   and   secure   display 

overlays 
 
 
Milestone   3:   Zipper   platform   for   several   devices   (Q4   2018) 
 
In   the   third   phase,   we   plan   to   launch   Zipper   platform   for   several   Android   devices: 

● ODM   integratable   Zipper   platform   solution 
● Deterministic   source   code   builds   of   Zipper   platform 
● Containerisation   of   existing   Android   system   capability   -   Zipper   platform   as   host 

system   on   device 

17 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

● Device   rental   capability   through   partner   integration 
● Integration   with   mobile   security   chip   and   allowing   end-users   to   pick   keys   for   Zipper 

platform   image   signature   verification 
● Prototypes   of   Zipper   platform   for   other   devices   (smartwatches,   tablets,   TV) 
● Ability   to   extend   cryptographic   identity   usage   across   non-Zipper   platform   devices 

such   as   browsers   on   laptops 
 
 
 

 
 

Image   5.    Zipper   project   R&D   roadmap   for   2018. 
 
 

How   we   got   here 
 
We launched and seed funded the Zipper project in mid-2016, initially developing                       
Ethereum based identity management and secure, smart contract powered transactions                   
for   mobile   with   the   perspective   to   make   blockchain   accessible   to   everyone.  
 
Since then, we have identified numerous challenges and opportunities in the decentralized                       
space which we believe can contribute to, from creating a new user-controlled mobile                         
ecosystem   to   frictionless   use   of   Ethereum   and   smarter   way   of   funding   promising   projects. 
 
In 2015, before the creation of the company, we initially began exploring the possibilities of                             
blockchain and dapps on mobile devices under the working title ‘The Human Web’                         
( https://github.com/thehumanweb/notes/wiki/InfoPackage ) and began designing how a           
mobile experience would look, that would out of the box empower people worldwide to be                             
able   to   leverage   the   abilities   that   these   technologies   offer.  
 
This brought us on a journey through different challenges, concept designs and                       
experiments where we quite early on had prototypes that used IPFS and Ethereum clients                           
on mobile and remote nodes for querying the blockchain to save on bandwidth and                           
processing. We then began exploring how these ideas could reach a wider audience,                         

18 

https://github.com/thehumanweb/notes/wiki/InfoPackage


 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

including investigating how we would introduce such a mobile experience in sub-Saharan                       
Africa. 
 
Through the Africa activities, we developed our thoughts surrounding Frictionless                   
Ethereum - the reduction of the difficulties an ordinary user will have trying to begin using                               
dapps   or   token   in   order   to   create   a   frictionless   experience.  
 
These thoughts let us to the Zipper platform concept as presented in this whitepaper and                             
provided the seed for additional use cases of the mobile experiences in these markets,                           
such   as   easy   smart   contract   controlled   escrow   in   P2P   trade. 
 
Moreover, during spring and summer 2017, we created a new kind of investment model to                             
invest into ecosystem projects securely. We developed a milestone based investment                     
model where projects receive funding in tranches according to pre-agreed milestones. For                       
example, many ICO projects would be better and more safe investments if the funds would                             
be   released   based   on   the   milestones   met.  
 
These concept explorations and experiments are now coming together through combining                     
our history in mobile OS development, experience in getting devices into the hands of our                             
customers with the changed perspective on the future of apps and OS architecture that                           
blockchain provides. A out of box experience for the possibilities that blockchain gives us                           
that   everybody   can   be   empowered   by. 

 

   

19 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

5   Building   the   application   ecosystem 
 
Building an ecosystem is both critical for the competitiveness of the Zipper platform and                           
for the economy of the ZIP token. A large ecosystem can provide wide competitive set of                               
services to its users. This is why Google’s Android is currently superior: It has so wide and                                 
competitive ecosystem than it has become an entry barrier for the competitors to provide                           
similar level of services. For the token economy, large ecosystem means wide distribution                         
and   use   of   the   token.  
 
Zipper   will   build   its   platform’s   application   ecosystem   in   three   ways: 
 

1. Partnering   with   large   ongoing   blockchain   projects 
 

2. Investing   into   ecosystem   projects 
 

3. Rewarding   application   developers   with   ZIP   tokens 
 
 

Partnering   with   large   ongoing   blockchain   projects 
 
Zipper is looking to partner with several large ongoing blockchain projects which will                         
provide the core services for Zipper platform users. Initially, Zipper plans to partner with                           
projects   developing: 

 
- Digital   identity 
- File   sharing   &   storage 
- Decentralized   app   store 
- Search 
- Data   monetization   and   sharing 
- Computing 
- Messaging 
- Finance   &   insurance 

 
By working together with the core blockchain projects, we believe we can build an easy to                               
use,   integrated   service   ecosystem.  
 
 

20 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

Investing   into   ecosystem   projects 
 
Zipper will use roughly one-third of the funds raised in its token sales to invest into projects                                 
which we see critical for the Zipper ecosystem to prosper. The projects Zipper will be                             
investing in will commit to use ZIP tokens in their solutions. This will further increase the                               
demand for the ZIP token. So far, Zipper has identified the following projects to be invested                               
in: 
 

- Fiat   and   cryptocurrency   online   bank   solution 
- P2P   insurance   service 
- Mobile   financial   platform   for   the   unbanked 
- Independent   AI   platform   for   mobile 
- Blockchain   search   engine 
- Employment   portal   for   the   developing   countries 
- Digital   education   portal 
- Secure   messaging   application   with   avatars 

 
All of the projects have a working product and have more than three million active users in                                 
total. With Zipper’s investment, these projects will be able to scale further and reward and                             
grow their own user communities with ZIP tokens. We can provide more information about                           
the   projects   upon   request.  
 
Zipper makes the investments using safe milestone based investment model, where                     
projects   will   get   funds   in   tranches   based   on   reaching   pre-agreed   milestones.  
 
 

Rewarding   application   developers   with   ZIP   tokens 
 
Zipper will fertilise young ecosystem projects by rewarding them with ZIP tokens                       
applications developed to the ecosystem. For many nascent projects, early seed funding                       
might be extremely difficult to get even if they have excellent ideas. At the same time, the                                 
projects are at too early stage to make an ICO/token sale or receive VC funding. We have                                 
reserved 20% of the ZIP tokens for incentivising these early stage projects to develop                           
services to the Zipper ecosystem. Zipper community will have a say on which projects will                             
be rewarded with ZIP tokens. Moreover, Zipper platform’s curation market mechanism will                       
incentivise   developers   to   build   apps   to   the   platform   (more   on   that   in   later   chapters). 

21 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

6   Getting   decentralized   world   to   the   hands 
of   smartphone   users 
 
 
Developing Zipper platform, funding and integrating core services into it, and building a                         
strong developer community is the first part of Zipper project’s journey. The second part is                             
to   get   the   Zipper   experience   to   the   hands   of   users   around   the   world. 
 
Zipper’s   go-to-market   strategy   has   three   phases: 
 

1. Commercialize 
2. Scale   with   device   partners 
3. Scale   with   downloadable   solution 

 
 

  Commercialize  Scale   with   device 
partners 

Scale   with   downloadable 
solution 

Timeline  2018   -   2019  2019   -   2021  2021-2023 

Target   customers  Cryptocurrency   users  Smartphone   users   in 
emerging   markets 

Smartphone   users 
globally 

Size   of   market  10-50   million   users  2   billion   users  4   billion   users 

Target   number   of   Zipper 
users 

1-5   million   users  30   million   users  100+   million   users 

Device   partnerships  Sony  5-6   partners  Most   devices   in   the 
market 

Supported   operating 
system 

Android 
Sailfish   OS 

Android 
Sailfish   OS 

Android 
Sailfish   OS 

 
Table   1 .    Three   phases   of   Zipper’s   go-to-market   strategy. 

 

Phase   1:   Commercialize 
 
At first stage, Zipper will target the growing market of cryptocurrency users by solving the                             
key problem of the industry – cumbersome management of private keys. The current size                           
of this market is approximately 10 million users, and with the current base of growth, it can                                 

22 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

reach 50-100 million users in the next five years. The early adopter cryptocurrency user                           
market   will   help   Zipper   to   commercialise   its   solution   and   to   scale   into   first   1-5   million   users. 
 
 

Phase   2:   Scale   with   device   vendor   partners 
 
Smartphone users in the emerging markets are faster to adapt new concepts than                         
developed markets. Emerging markets are not matured yet, and people react sensitively                       
even   to   small   rewards,   due   to   their   lower   income   level. 
 
Zipper has multiple existing device vendor partnerships around the world in China, India,                         
South-America and Africa. Zipper can bring its solution to market through these                       
partnerships as a pre-installed solution in their devices. At this phase, regional approach is                           
optimal, as Zipper still needs to build and prove its reward solution model to regional                             
sponsors. 
 
In total, these device vendor partners sell currently more than 30 million smartphones                         
annually. Zipper could realistically target to be in 1/3 of these devices, and reach a base of                                 
10   million   users. 
 
 

Phase   3:   Scale   as   downloadable   solution 
 
Once Zipper has established wide portfolio of sponsors globally as partners in its reward                           
solution, Zipper solution can be downloaded globally to devices. The wide portfolio of                         
sponsors will ensure the competitiveness of Zipper’s solution, and users will have an                         
incentive to download the solution as they know that they will benefit from the reward                             
solution. 
 
At this stage, the Zipper application ecosystem has also become competitive with several                         
blockchain based new and value adding apps, which will further drive the demand of the                             
Zipper solution. The size of the downloadable software market can be significant. In China                           
alone,   the   market   of   downloaded   Android   versions   is   around   100   million   annually.  

   

23 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

7   ZIP   token 
 
 
Our objective for designing Zipper’s token economic model is to create a cryptocurrency                         
based reward system for mobile operating system in many to many economy, where every                           
user can earn rewards with their smartphones. We have used the following key design                           
principles   for   the   reward   system: 
 

1. It   improves   current   market   players   competitive   position 
Zipper aims to bring more value to regional smartphone ecosystem players like device                         
vendors, ecommerce players or application developers by rewarding users from using                     
their   services. 
 

2. It   enables   users   to   earn   with   their   smartphones 
Zipper solution will enable users to earn with their activity in purchasing and inviting new                             
users   to   the   sponsors/service   providers. 
 

3. It   provides   an   easy   entry   also   for   non-cryptocurrency   users 
The user does not have to be familiar with cryptocurrencies as ZIP token will be just a                                 
reward token used in the solution. User will gradually learn the value of ZIP tokens as                               
they   learn   what   they   can   do   with   it.  

 
4. Its   scale   is   not   limited   by   blockchain’s   transaction   capacity 

As a reward token, ZIP’s transaction speed is not critical. Users will receive ZIPs in                             
batches,   and   are   not   time   sensitive   on   when   the   ZIP   batch   will   arrive.  

 
5. Token   has   a   natural   demand   and   re-spend   model 

The sponsors’ economic need to incentivise the users will create a natural demand for ZIP                             
tokens. Users will have various ways to re-spend ZIP tokens, which will be introduced                           
later   in   this   chapter. 

 
 

ZIP   tokens   natural   demand   and   re-spending   model 
 
The Utility value (U) of the Zip token is defined by the Dollar demand of the token (PQ)                                   
divided   by   Supply   of   tokens   (S)   times   re-spend   (RS)   of   tokens.  
 

U   =   (Dollar   demand   (PQ))   /   (Supply   of   tokens   (S)*   re-spend(S)) 

24 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

 
The dollar demand of ZIP token (PQ) will derive from the service providers integrated into                             
the operating system. We will call them sponsors. Sponsors can be ecommerce players,                         
retail chains, travel companies, airline companies, big data providers, operators or other                       
applications.  
 
Sponsors will purchase ZIP tokens from the market and ZIP tokens will be used to reward                               
the users from their activity. For example, activity can be a purchase of services or products                               
from   sponsors,   new   customer   acquisition,   or   social   media   marketing.  
 
Users   can   re-spend   their   ZIP   tokens   in   several   different   ways:  
 

1. Participate   on   curation   market   by   betting   the   future   popularity   of   the   applications 
2. Sponsor   new   application   developers   from   developing   new   interesting   apps 
3. Buy   discounts   and   other   benefits   from   sponsors 
4. Trade   and   lend   ZIP   token   among   themselves   or   in   the   cryptocurrency   markets 

 
  

 
 

 
Image   6 .    ZIP   token   flow. 

 
 
 
 
 

25 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

Curation   market 
 
The purpose of the curation market is to incentivise development of applications for the                           
Zipper   store   and   power   discovery   for   those   applications.  
 
How   it   works: 
 

1. Developer submits application to the Zipper store and to do this he needs to pay,                             
for example, 1 ZIP. This could also be a dollar value-based price or a perpetually                             
decreasing ZIP-priced cost. This fee goes into the ecosystem development pool                     
(discussed   later). 

 
2. Users can bet on the future popularity of the application by also staking ZIP, but the                               

amount a user must stake to participate increases in perpetuity. E.g. User #1 needs                           
to stake 2 ZIP, User #2 needs to stake 3 ZIP, etc. (Could also be exponential = #1-2                                   
ZIP, #2-4 ZIP, etc). Developer can also bet on the future popularity of its own                             
application by staking as the first user, which creates a viable method for generating                           
revenue   even   from   applications   that   don't   have   an   in-built   business   model. 

 
3. A user can at any time remove their stake and be rewarded if they were correct in                                 

predicting popularity. Reward is calculated as follows: Total ZIP staked / amount of                         
users   participating.  

 
This means that users who are in the first 50% of predictors make money and users in the                                   
last   50%   of   predictors   lose   money.  
 
This   relatively   simple   mechanism   achieves   the   following   dynamics: 
 

1. There is a financial incentive to create applications for the Zipper store (both with                           
and   without   in-built   business   model) 

2. There   is   a   financial   incentive   for   users   to   curate   the   app   store. 
3. There is a small cost to adding an application to the app store to avoid spam and to                                   

fund   further   ecosystem   development. 
4. There   is   no   cost   to   using   the   app   store   as   a   regular   user. 
5. There   is   no   clashing   incentive   with   in-app   business   models 
6. Users participating in this prediction, will have a financial incentive to promote the                         

applications   they   have   bet   on,   leading   to   free   marketing   for   applications. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

26 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

Sponsor   app   developers 
 
User can also use ZIP token for sponsoring his favourite app development project. The app                             
development project can then further incentives their personnel and subcontractors with                     
ZIP   tokens,   which   they   can   eventually   sell   to   the   market.  
 
 
Buy   discounts   from   sponsors 
 
Users can use ZIP tokens for purchasing additional discounts from sponsors for their                         
purchases. For example, an ecommerce player will be able to give additional discount to                           
the user against ZIP token, as they can use those ZIP tokens for rewarding other customers                               
and   ZIP   has   actual   fiat   value   to   them.  
 
 
Trade   or   lend   ZIP   tokens   to   other   users 
 
The ZIP token becomes a regionally accepted reward token, as multiple regional service                         
providers will take the reward system in use. The users will see clear value in the ZIP token,                                   
similarly that users see clear value in airline loyalty points. This time the reward tokens are                               
tradable, so users can sell the ZIP tokens to each other or borrow the token and earn                                 
interest   from   them.  
 
 
Summary   of   the   benefits   of   the   Zipper   token   economic   model  
 
The   benefits   of   the   above   described   token   economic   model   are: 
 
Supply (S): The limited supply will have positive impact on token economics. Supply is                           
limited to fixed 1 billion ZIP tokens, and token are released to the market gradually during                               
long   time   period.  
 
Demand (D): Sponsors get clear benefits by rewarding the users only from the positive                           
activity related to their services. The link between activity and reward is very clear. Positive                             
impact from the reward model will increase the demand of the tokens, as the sponsors will                               
be   see   the   clear   benefits   from   their   investment.  
 
Re-spend (RS): There is incentive for the user to re-use the token in multiple alternatives                             
areas,   which   all   benefit   the   user.  
 
 
 
 

27 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

Issuance   &   allocation 
 
The total number of ZIP tokens is limited to 1 billion. ZIP Trust releases these ERC20 tokens                                 
gradually over several years to Zipper ecosystem participants as rewards for supporting the                         
growth   of   the   ecosystem. 
 
Allocation   of   ZIP   tokens: 

- 25%   token   sales 
- 40%   ecosystem:   developers,   community   &   partners    (released   over   several   years) 
- 20%   Team   &   advisors    (vested   and   gradually   released   over   two   years) 
- 15%   Zipper   Global   Ltd    (vested   and   gradually   released   over   two   years) 

 
 

 
 

Image   7 .    ZIP   token   allocation. 
 

Governance 
 
To successfully build an ecosystem, it is essential to reserve a large part of tokens to be                                 
used for ecosystem development activities. On the other hand, the usage of such tokens                           
need to be governed based on a clearly defined policy, without power struggles and                           
personal interests having an opportunity to change the policy. A trust is an excellent legal                             
instrument for this purpose. A trust is a recognised legal relationship which holds assets                           

28 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

(such as tokens) and has clearly defined rules how those assets should be used. The                             
strength of the trust as holder of reserve tokens is that the pre-defined usage of the tokens                                 
can not be changed by anybody. The trust and a smart contract work together extremely                             
well as a smart contract can execute the token allocations based on the trust rules as                               
written   into   the   smart   contracts.  
 
The ZIP Trust manages the issuance of ZIP tokens, according to predefined terms coded                           
into the ZIP token issuance smart contract. The contract is based on OpenZeppelin                         
standard tokens and will be audited and available for viewing before the Zipper platform is                             
launched   and   ZIP   token   released.  
 
Besides these predefined allocation terms, we are currently considering different options                     
to utilize ZIP token in the governance of the Zipper project and seeking the ideal incentive                               
model and coordination mechanism. For example, it would seem wise to design a                         
governance system which incentivises the participants who are benefiting from the                     
network   the   most   to   hold   tokens. 
 
 

Token   supply   &   vesting   over   time 
 
ZIP Trust’s smart contracts release ZIP tokens to designated uses and pools over several                           
years’ time after the ZIP token launch. Current release plan is stated in table 3 and image 8.                                   
Note that the release plan and schedule might change in the coming months as we develop                               
the optimal supply and vesting plan together with our community and advisors, before the                           
ZIP   token   is   released. 
 

  Tokens   released   by   end   of   year,   cumulative 

  0  1  2  3  4 

Token   sales  250,000,000  250,000,000  250,000,000  250,000,000  250,000,000 

Ecosystem:   developers, 
community   &   partners 

0  80,000,000  150,000,000  210,000,000  260,000,000 

Team   &   advisors  0  100,000,000  200,000,000  200,000,000  200,000,000 

Zipper   Global   Ltd  0  75,000,000  150,000,000  150,000,000  150,000,000 

Total  250,000,000  505,000,000  750,000,000  810,000,000  860,000,000 

 
Table   2 .    ZIP   token   supply   over   the   first   four   years. 

29 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

 
 

 
 

Image   8 .    ZIP   token   supply   over   the   first   four   years. 
 

Token   sales 
 
The details of ZIP token sales such as availability, schedule, pricing, vesting and terms and                             
conditions   will   be   announced   in   a   separate   token   sale   document. 
 
 

Token   specification 
 
 
ZIP token will be implemented as ERC20 token on Ethereum. A smart contract maintains                           
token balances and ensure that payments are handled in a trustless and secure way. To                             
further aid the transaction scalability of ZIP token, we have opted to keep the                           
implementation of the token as simple as possible by essentially staying as close to pure                             
token functionality (transfers, balances) as possible, to be able to leverage Ethereum                       
community wide efforts in scalability of ERC20 tokens transfer. This will make it easier to                             
conduct transfers of ZIP tokens using solutions such as Plasma or Raiden state channels                           
and   keep   our   options   open   in   case   of   other,   better   technologies   emerging. 

30 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

8   Team   &   advisors 
 
The core Zipper team consists of founders and former executives of Finnish mobile                         
company   Jolla. 
 

 

Dr.   Antti   Saarnio ,   Founder   and   Executive   Chairman 
 
Co-founder and Chairman of Jolla, developer of open mobile operating                   
system Sailfish OS. 15+ years experience on emerging markets and                   
investment management from KPMG, Accenture, East Partners. Dr.Tech.               
in   Strategic   Investments. 
 

 

Carsten   Munk ,   CTO   &   Co-founder 
 
Founder of Mer mobile open source community project. Pioneering                 
work on Linux/Android stacks for Nokia and later for Jolla as CTO.                       
Team’s   leading   blockchain   expert.   M.Sc.   in   Computer   Science. 
 

 

Pasi   Rusila ,   COO   &   Co-founder 
 
Former head of products and business development at Jolla. Have built                     
and launched several consumer products and partnerships with Fortune                 
500   companies.   M.Sc.   in   Industrial   Management. 
 

 

Antti   Enqvist ,   CLO 
 
Former CLO and Legal Counsel of Jolla, Nokia, Symbian Foundation, and                     
others. Masters legal and technical side of software business,                 
experienced in corporate structuring. LL.M. in Law, M.Sc. in Information                   
Technology. 
 

 

Tom   Swindell ,   Software 
 
10+ years extensive software work for mobile companies such as Nokia                     
and Jolla. Expertise include Telephony, VoIP, middleware, hardware               
Adaptations,   C,   C++,   and   Solidity/Ethereum. 

31 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

 

 

Robert   Pallas ,   Software 
 
Partner and lead developer at Devtailor. Experienced entrepreneur and                 
software development team leader. M.Sc. in Cyber Security, 2012 thesis                   
about   Bitcoin   Security. 
 

 

Niilo   Ristmeri,   Marketing   &   Business   Development 
 
Serial entrepreneur and expert in agile marketing. Formerly marketing                 
and sales in Jolla and Embassy of Design. B.BA. in Marketing and                       
Management   Consulting. 
 

 

Marc   Dillon,   Community   Ambassador 
 
Head of software at Zen Robotics. Previously Co-founder and COO of                     
Jolla,   10+   years   in   various   software   positions   at   Nokia. 
 

 

Teemu   Päivinen,   Advisor 
 
Currently Spacegrade and Zeppelin Solutions, Founder & Chairman of                 
Oddshot.tv. Entrepreneur and investor focused on blockchain and               
governance. 
 

 

Matthew   Graham,   Advisor 
 
Founder and CEO at Sino Global Capital. Bridging technology with China                     
investors and partners with years of investment management               
experience. 
 

 
Part-timers: In addition to the core team, Zipper project currently involves a handful of                           
part-time members contributing to the project in the fields of software R&D, marketing and                           
communications,   and   business   development. 
 
Advisors: In addition to the current advisors, Zipper team is currently in discussions with                           
several highly respected members of the society with a wide range of expertise. More                           
advisors   will   be   revealed   in   due   course. 

32 



 
 

ZIPPER    -   Mobile   platform   bringing   blockchain   to   the   masses 
  

Additional   material 
 
 
Zipper   blog 
 
06/2017:   Startup   funding   can   be   disrupted   with   tokens 
https://medium.com/zipperglobal/startup-funding-can-be-disrupted-with-tokens-62acbce99bd0 
 
07/2017:   Is   frictionless   Ethereum   (and   dApp)   usage   possible? 
https://medium.com/zipperglobal/is-frictionless-ethereum-dapp-usage-possible-a9cd5b01b835 
 
08/2017:   Smart   contracts   could   hold   property   with   Instant   Blockchain   Token   Trusts 
https://medium.com/zipperglobal/smart-contracts-could-hold-property-with-instant-blockchain-token-trusts-fe5
7ab6e4b28 
 
09/2017:   Belief   pools — no   public   offering   of   tokens   needed 
https://medium.com/zipperglobal/belief-pools-no-public-offering-of-tokens-needed-8317354342f6 

33 


