








































Microsoft Word - 88COINS (1)


 
 

1 

www.88coin.io 

 

                                                                                                                                     

88 COIN  
  Rising Above the Rest-the Future of Currency 

 

Whitepaper version 1:6 

English 

 

                                                                                                                             
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

For community review 
Subject to change 

                                                                                                                             
July 29, 2017  

 
 
 



 
 

2 

www.88coin.io 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 

Abstract ----------------------------------------------------------- 3 

What is 88 Coin ------------------------------------------------- 5 

Features of 88 Coin -------------------------------------------- 6 

Road Map -------------------------------------------------------- 10 

Transaction Flow ----------------------------------------------- 12 

Product Highlights --------------------------------------------- 13 

Funding Allocation --------------------------------------------- 14 

88 Team Members --------------------------------------------- 15 

Conclusion -------------------------------------------------------- 15 

Terms/Condition ------------------------------------------------ 15 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 
 

3 

www.88coin.io 

 

ABSTRACT 

The information herein has been simplified to make it understandable for 

both experts and novices in the cryptocurrency industry, making 88 Coin 

project something everybody can buy into. 

Thorough research was conducted before the launch of this project; 

ensuring the 88 Coin project will revolutionize the cryptocurrency world. 

Since its inception, blockchain technology has been fraught with 

controversy over its most natural application – value transfer using the 

network token. Decentralized money is a ground-breaking development, 

but blockchain technology cannot be reduced to this alone. Being 

essentially a distributed database, the blockchain allows for various types 

of distributed ledger entries, the nature of which depends on their 

interpretation by the blockchain's users. Introducing the blockchain as a 

foundation for digital cash attracted a great deal of attention to the 

technology, putting regulators and governments worldwide on high alert in 

the process. There is no doubt that Ethereum will establish itself as a valid 

monetary system. But it is also obvious that there should not be too many 

blockchain tokens in use as money at the present time, since the low 

liquidity and high volatility this causes prevent the use of emerging 

blockchain as a secure store of value. We propose to focus on other uses 

of blockchain tokens – those which are often overlooked in favor of the low-

level opportunities which blockchain technology might provide, such as 

smart contracts.  As per a 2015 KPMG report, there are an estimated 438 

million people without bank accounts in Southeast Asia alone, conversely 

53% of the population is connected to the web via smart phone technology. 

88 Coin platform is designed to bridge this gap.   Smart contracts, being a 

natural development of Ethereum scripting, are inevitable and will be one of 

the cornerstones of blockchain technology. On the other hand, certain 

features are much easier to implement using other approaches. Custom 

tokens operations realized as an attachment to blockchain transactions are 



 
 

4 

www.88coin.io 

 

very flexible and can be used in a variety of applications, from national 

currency transfer over the blockchain to decentralized trading. A focus on 

such operations might well complement the approach introduced by 

Ethereum. In the following sections we will describe the technical 

motivation for WAVES platform's features and illustrate them with use 

cases. We intend to determine the most “production-ready” aspects. 

88 Coin is a visionary new cryptocurrency positioned to deliver on the 

promise of advanced Ethereum blockchain infrastructure. It will offer 

contemporary solutions to archaic financial restrictions allowing its users to 

rise above. 88 Coin’s mission is to enact a progressive plan that brings the 

future into focus. please note that this document is not a prospectus. It was 

constituted for informational purposes only, in order to present 88 Coin 

products. Be aware that no purchase is necessary. You are free to take 

part in the project or not. It is your responsibility to review the existing laws 

in your country before buying 88 Coin. You must read, understand and 

accept the terms of this document before involving yourself in the project. 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 
 

5 

www.88coin.io 

 

WHAT IS 88 COIN 

88 Coin is an innovative cryptocurrency poised to change the financial 

landscape on a global scale.  This open source currency will be the first 

step in removing the traditional limits of a FIAT based banking system.  

With advanced blockchain technology as a foundation, any transaction, 

whether deposit, withdrawal or transfer, will be done in a near 

instantaneous and secure fashion.  This promises to be a significant 

improvement not only from existing financial institutions but from recent 

cryptocurrency advancements.  88 Coin’s structure will permit verification 

without 3rd party involvement, while allowing users freedom with their 

financial decisions.  These new-found efficiencies will erase borders literally 

opening up a world of possibilities. Early adopters of 88 Coin will be well 

positioned in the current ICO environment to take advantage of this ground 

breaking opportunity. The roadmap for any successful advancement 

requires benchmarks to integrate users fully into new technologies.  88 

Coin will achieve this with the introduction of 88 Card.  Users can make 

regular transactions anywhere on the planet without the fear of their 

personal data being compromised.  At the same time earning cash back in 

the form of tokens as a reward program.  A shielded connection to a 

personalized 88 Wallet promises to deliver full confidentiality.  The 88 

Wallet will offer a platform to store not only 88 Coin but other 

cryptocurrencies.  With built in flexibility, 88 Wallet holders will be able to 

respond to market volatility in a secure and efficient manner. 

 

 

 

 



 
 

6 

www.88coin.io 

 

FEATURES OF 88 COIN 

Blockchain Technology 

Blockchain technology is a distributed ledger recording technology; it can 

record transactions in a secure, transparent, decentralized, efficient, and 

low-cost way. Blockchain technology originated with Bitcoin as a bottom-

level technology, it was originally used to record historical transactions of 

encrypted digital money such as Bitcoin. As the research on digital money 

went deeper, the underlying blockchain technology was separated from 

Bitcoin and further developed as a technology related to existing 

technologies such as cryptography, network topology, and consensus 

algorithms. There are several types of block chains – public blockchain, 

private blockchain and hybrid blockchain. Each type has its advantages 

and disadvantages, allowing them to meet needs of various applications 

Key advantages Blockchain technology is a disruptive technology with 

many advantages. First, the decentralized structure, which lacks a 

centralized database, enables the blockchain to operate with high efficiency 

and low cost. It is also resistant to outages of a centralized database. 

Secondly, the technology solves the double-payment problem. The public 

ledger is shared by users on the Internet. It ensures the security, 

transparency, and integrity of data, which cannot be tampered with or 

forged. It helps to protect the security and privacy of user data. Thirdly, 

because blockchain is programmable, it can increase flexibility and 

reliability in various applications, currently the main drawback of using 

block chain technology is the high usage of power and computing 

resources by the distributed system Potential applications with these 

features, blockchain technology may be applied in many areas. This 

presents three categories of potential applications. The first is currency, 

including currency transfer, remittance, and E-payment systems. The 

second is smart contracts in financial markets. The third is other social 

applications beyond currency and financial markets, such as notary, voting, 



 
 

7 

www.88coin.io 

 

and healthcare applications; blockchain has also been discussed as the 

application of blockchain in digital identification, voting systems, and 

financial applications the potential applications of blockchain technology. 

 

 

88 Coin Card 
 

To better integrate 88 Coin with the existing financial system we introduce 
our users to 88 Card. Maintain old world connections while taking 
advantage of new world flexibility and security Plan a trip, book your flight, 
buy drinks on a beach, access your funds and exchange rate worries are a 
thing of the past. Enjoy confidential secure transactions anywhere on the 
globe all the while earning cash rewards directly into your 88 Wallet. The 
cash back rewards total is exclusively dependent on the purchase date of 
88 Coin. These currencies do not depend on central banks. 

 

 

 

 

 



 
 

8 

www.88coin.io 

 

 

88 Wallet 
  

88 Wallet is another crucial component of the 88 Coin platforms. This easy 
to navigate application will allow you to purchase, sell, send, receive and 
exchange your 88 Coin in a secure fashion. All without any delay. The 
application, whether on your smart phone or desktop, will contain a real 
time transaction list and exchange history. The ability to set alerts or 
buy/sell orders means users are always well positioned to take advantage 
of market opportunities. The versatility of 88 Wallet gives users the option 
to manage not only 88 Coin but also BTC/ETH/LTC. Make decisions and 
execute your plans in seconds. 

Flexibility 

88 Coin along with its related services 88 Wallet and 88 Card have been 
developed in response to the longstanding problem of strict institutional 
control. These new developments promise to revolutionize the use of 
cryptocurrency, making it accessible to everyone around the world 
instantaneously. The technology is the first of its kind and will introduce 
unprecedented access to global financial markets. 



 
 

9 

www.88coin.io 

 

Services 

The 88 Team is well prepared to deal with any user needs in this fast 
paced and ever changing environment. Decentralized does not mean 
unattended. 88 Coin users will enjoy 24 Hour support at the click of a 
button, anytime anywhere. Live work play in confidence. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 
 

10 

www.88coin.io 

 

ROADMAP 

 



 
 

11 

www.88coin.io 

 

After a successful ICO sale we intend to implement all of our roadmap 
milestones.  The following is a full description on how we got here and what 
the future of 88 Coin holds. 

 We hope that this white paper allowed you to get a grasp of 88 Coin’s  
mission and the company platform. We also hope to have answered any 
question you might have had.  

JUNE 2016: 

A group of experts in the field of blockchain and cryptocurrency, carried out 

detailed research on the benefits of blockchain and the roles that 88 Coin 

will fill and what unique features will make it stand from others. After 

successful research was conducted we decided to implement the core 

development and infrastructure. 

JULY 2017 

Start of presale registrations after almost a year of in-depth research and 

global market analysis. Alpha creation and testing began 

OCTOBER 2017 

First and Second stage of presales 

NOVEMBER 2017 

The end of pre-sales and official launch of the 88 Coin. 

FIRST QUARTER of 2018 

The launch of the 88 Wallet 

SECOND QUARTER of 2018 

Launch of the 88 Card 

 



 
 

12 

www.88coin.io 

 

TRANSACTION FLOW DIAGRAM

 

  



 
 

13 

www.88coin.io 

 

PRODUCT HIGHLIGHTS 

 

The advantages of 88 Coin show a compelling picture of the power and 
uniqueness of this innovative CryptoCurrency 

• Universal acceptance at any credit card processing terminals in over 

100 countries made possible by partnerships with Fintech companies 

• ATM support in over 100 countries for immediate access to local 

currency 

• Seamlessly transferable to Fiat currency at time of transaction 

• Successful initial testing in cross-chain Atomic swap  

• Secured by Blockchain 

• Native support for all cryptocurrency within 88 Wallet 

• Low exchange and transaction fees with no hidden charges 

• Transactions can occur using your 88 Card or the 88 Card App on 

your smart phone 

 

The 88 Coin platform offers a robust rewards program which rivals 
traditional credit card offerings 

• 0.2% reward for every purchase made.  Paid to the user of 88 Card in 

the form of 88 Coin to the 88 Wallet.  Rewards will be issued within 

72 hours from time of purchase deposited directly to the 88 Wallet 

• 88 Coins deposited to 88 Wallet become accessible to the user to 

spend as cash 

• 0.25% reward for every purchase when spending at one of 88 Coin 

global retail partners 

• In negotiation with major global rewards partners to recognize 88 

Coin reward token for even greater redemption possibilities 



 
 

14 

www.88coin.io 

 

Fintech Integration

40%

Research and 

Development

20%

Sales and 

Marketing

15%

Legal

10%

Operations

10%

Social Responsibility

5%

Fintech Integration Research and Development

Sales and Marketing Legal

Operations Social Responsibility

FUNDING ALLOCATION 

 

 

 

  



 
 

15 

www.88coin.io 

 

88 TEAM MEMBERS 

 

 

 

Markus Lee- CEO 
 

Founder & CEO of 88 Coin Corp.  Markus brings more than 25 years of 

combined leadership experience in the Financial and Information 

Technology sector.  With extensive experience in investing in and 

supporting businesses with high growth potential he brings a proven track 

record of success.  Leveraging his widespread networks, by creating a new 

kind of venture firm - one that's based on teamwork, superior service to 

entrepreneurs and an intense commitment to building companies of lasting 

value. He’s worked with established financial services companies helping 

to bring together finance and technology. Markus plans to build a global 

cryptocurrency on Blockchain.   

 
 



 
 

16 

www.88coin.io 

 

 
 
 
                   
 
 
 
 
 

Susan Zhang                  Ryan Wu 
Blockchain Developer         Blockchain Developer 
 

 
                                        
 

   

              
 
 
 
 
 

Leo Chen       Matt Kirk 
Investment Banking                                        Web Developer      
   
 

 

 

                          

                                    

Stephanie Huang 

Software Architect 



 
 

17 

www.88coin.io 

 

CONCLUSION 

At 88 Coin we believe that the time for cryptocurrency and blockchain 

technologies has arrived.  Existing financial infrastructure has failed to meet 

the demands of both the developing world and increasingly global financial 

markets.  From the basic requirement of a bank account to the needs of 

international high finance, 88 Coin is the answer. With 88 Card and 88 

Wallet the traditional understanding of currency transactions has been 

fundamentally changed. 

 

88 Coin Token sale is your opportunity to join us on this journey to the 

future.  88 Coin is your opportunity to rise above. 

 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

This document is not a prospectus. It was created with the sole purpose of 

information, to explain 88 Coin products. No purchase is necessary; it is of 

your resort to take part in the project or not. It is your responsibility to 

consult the applicable laws of your country before purchasing. Disclaims 

any responsibility mentioned in this document and commits to comply with 

the laws outlined hereunder. 

 


