

















































Aditus - Whitepaper - 9 Feb 2018


	

	 1 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Aditus 

The world’s first  
Luxury Access Platform for Crypto-Affluents 

 
 
 
 

White Paper 
 Feb 9 2018 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



	

	 2 

 
 

Table of Contents 
	
1. Growing numbers of crypto-affluents neglected by the luxury industry ................................................. 3 

2. A trillion dollar opportunity ................................................................................................................... 4 

3. Introducing Aditus - The first luxury lifestyle access platform serving crypto-affluents  globally ............. 5 

4. Aditus Value Proposition for Users ...................................................................................................... 8 

5. Aditus Value Proposition for Luxury Merchants ................................................................................. 13 

6. Business Model ................................................................................................................................ 13 

7. Team ................................................................................................................................................ 14 

8. The Aditus Token ............................................................................................................................. 18 

9. Initial Token Sale ............................................................................................................................... 19 

10. Roll-Out Road Map ......................................................................................................................... 20 

11. Conclusion ....................................................................................................................................... 25 

12. Important Information ...................................................................................................................... 30 
	
 
 
This White Paper in current form is being circulated by Aditus Pte. Ltd. (“Aditus”) for general 
information and to invite investor feedback only on the Aditus platform as presently conceived, 
and is subject to review and revision by the directors of Aditus, the board of advisors and/or 
legal advisors of Aditus. It is fully subject to the terms and conditions contained in Section 12 of 
this White Paper entitled “Important Information”.  
 
Please do not replicate or distribute any part of this White Paper without this disclaimer in 
accompaniment. The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and no part of this 
White Paper is intended to create legal relations between a recipient of this White Paper or to be 
legally binding or enforceable by such recipient against Aditus. An updated version of this White 
Paper may be published on a date to be determined and announced by Aditus in due course. 
 
  



	

	 3 

 
 

1. Growing numbers of crypto-affluents neglected by the luxury  
 industry  
 
 
Cryptocurrencies are sky-rocketing in value. The value of bitcoin, the first and most well-known 
crypto-currency, has increased seven-fold in the last year. Some alt-coins have even seen 
growth of a few thousand percent over the last 2 years – indeed no other category of asset has 
offered such upside in the last decade.  
 
This along with the token sale boom and the rich 24-7 trading opportunities fueled by price 
volatility has created a growing new community of affluent people – the “crypto-affluents”. 
 
The founders of Aditus are veteran entrepreneurs in the luxury space, and we have noticed 
increasing numbers of such crypto-affluents at our luxury events. However, in our discussions 
with them, we have received feedback that while many crypto-affluents desire services offered 
by luxury merchants, they still lack access to it, and feel excluded.  
 
This unfortunate disconnect is driven by the following factors: 
 
 
• Few luxury merchants accept crypto-currencies  
 
• Crypto-users are more privacy-conscious than your average user, while luxury 

merchants need more targeting data than your average marketer to market their 
goods 

 
• Luxury lifestyle merchants simply do not know how to reach crypto-affluents 
 
 
Luxury merchants are among the most traditional of companies, and are used to traditional 
modes of marketing.  They simply have no way to easily reach out to crypto-affluents. This is 
especially so as we have observed that the crypto-currency / blockchain community is as insular 
as the luxury industry. 
 
Luxury merchants have always required more targeted marketing due to the niche nature of their 
products and the need for the right brand positioning. That higher level of targeting is currently 
obtained through channels that extensively track user’s preferences and spending habits. 
 
As an example, the Amex Centurion card and other premium credit cards are how many luxury 
merchants reach out to fiat-millionaires. The data tracking of fiat millionaires in traditional banking 
systems allow luxury merchants to target and identify the right audience for their products. 
 
Short of crypto-affluents converting all their crypto-assets into fiat currencies, subjecting 
themselves to traditional banking systems and its perennial tracking1, what we have is a double-
sided access problem, in which luxury merchants similarly cannot reach crypto-affluents. 
 
 

																																																								
1 In our conversations with many crypto-affluents, converting a significant amount of one’s crypto-holdings to fiat is 
either offensive from an ideological standpoint, or financially totally self-defeating given the growth still to come in crypto-
currency values. 



	

	 4 

2. A trillion dollar opportunity 
 
2.1  Luxury Industry hungry for growth 
 
 
The luxury lifestyle business is a trillion-dollar, high margin business encompassing many 
product categories. 
 
A few examples of sub-industries that constitute the luxury lifestyle: 
 

    
Global Luxury Travel Luxury Goods Art Yacht Charters 

US$ 1,154 billion >US$ 300 billion >US$ 35 billion >US$ 878 million 
 
 
With slowing growth for almost all luxury lifestyle categories, serving the new crypto-affluents is a 
golden opportunity for all luxury merchants. 
 
With new money pouring into crypto-investment and new crypto-wealth being created everyday, 
there is a similar golden opportunity for the first platform that can link luxury merchants with 
crypto-affluents. 
 
Aditus is building that market-first platform. 
 
 
2.2  The Even Larger Opportunity : Solving mainstream crypto-
adoption 
 
 
Until crypto-currencies are widely adopted and used in commercial transactions, their market 
value will mainly be a result of financial market speculation, and will remain volatile.  
 
Yet for such mainstream crypto-adoption to happen, there needs to be much more merchants 
accepting crypto-currencies, giving . 
 
Aditus’s larger vision is to solve this huge problem of crypto-currency adoption. We are 
merely starting with the luxury industry – an industry we know extremely well and have 
competitive advantages in. 
 
Some of the problems that require to be solved are: 
 

1. More comprehensive payment gateway solutions 
• Merchants have expenses payable in fiat currencies and require crypto to fiat 

conversion solutions 
• A combination of technical and market solutions need to be developed that can 

ameliorate the difficulty, costs and time of converting crypto to fiat 
 

2. Better marketing solutions to reach crypto-users 



	

	 5 

• With low acceptance of crypto-currencies among companies in general, if merchants do 
not reach out to crypto-users to inform them, crypto users simply would not be aware 
of it. 

 
 
The Aditus platform solutions will be rolled out first among luxury merchants, and use of it will be 
applicable among many other industries. 
 

 

3. Introducing Aditus - The first luxury lifestyle access platform
 serving crypto-affluents  globally 
 
 
Aditus means access in Latin. 
 
We will create this first-ever access through a platform that can uniquely bridge the needs of 
both crypto-users and luxury merchants.  
 
In short, the Aditus Platform consists of two technical layers 
 
1) Rewards and Marketing Layer 

• users receive customized offers directly from merchants pre-purchase 
• users directly rewarded for engagement with merchants 
• eliminates need for a centralized 3rd party marketer – ensuring data privacy 

 
2) Payment and Transactions Layer 

• Users pay in crypto-currencies 
• Merchants can receive in crypto-currencies or fiat 
• Payment can be held until fulfillment of service 

 
 

 



	

	 6 

Based on Ethereum, the Aditus Platform will operate essentially as an application level protocol 
for marketing and engagement as well as payment. 
 
Drawing on decades of experience in the luxury industry of its founders and advisors, Aditus 
creates a wholly new platform that is decentralized, and integrates encryption, smart 
contracts and payment gateways that: 
 

• Empowers crypto-users to enjoy access to a rich offering of luxury products and 
services in complete privacy 

• Enables luxury merchants to target market customers, and to engage with possible 
customers without 3rd party middlemen, yet still without infringing on user’s privacy 

• Allows crypto-users to make purchases with the crypto-currency of their choice, and 
merchants to receive payments in the currency of their choice 

 
 
The following principles guide the construction of the Aditus platform: 
 

• Users maintain full control of their own data 
• No user data is tracked by Aditus or any other party without the User’s express 

authorization – any data that is not decentralized will be fully encrypted 
• No user data is transferred or shared without the User’s express authorization 

 
Aditus also offers paid membership programs in which users enjoy a whole package of luxury 
rewards like concierge services and access to the most exclusive products / services / 
establishments in the world. Think the equivalent of an top tier credit card rewards program 
exclusively for crypto-users. 
 

 
Diagram: A selection of industries Aditus covers 
 
 
To ensure the best-in-class technology, Aditus is in partnership with some of the most 
prominent blockchain companies in the world. Roll-out initiatives are also planned with these 
companies. 
 
Last but not least, Aditus also organizes frequent physical events, meant to increase interactions 
between fiat affluents and the crypto-space, between crypto-affluents and lifestyle providers, as 
well as between fiat affluents and crypto-affluents themselves. 
 
Through the Aditus app, the most exclusive experiences, events, establishments, products and 
services globally are all accessible to crypto-affluents. 
 
 



	

	 7 

 
 
3.1  Aditus Platform Components 
 
The Aditus platform consists of the following technical components 
 

 
 
Secure mobile app 
(containing the Aditus 
wallet) 

• The primary interface between users and Aditus 
• Serves 4 functions 

(1) store and encrypt personal and preferences data on user’s 
personal device – this data is used for decentralized matching 
with Merchant’s targeting requirements 

(2) display Smart Invitations from luxury merchants that match 
User’s preferences 

(3) facilitate transactions via the Aditus Wallet 
(4) display the membership status and digital VIP card at 

participating luxury establishments 
• User data is encrypted and stored on the phone, and never leaves 

the phone unless specifically authorized by the user, ensuring 
privacy. 

• The Aditus mobile wallet is a wallet supporting Aditus tokens and 
multiple crypto-currencies (eg Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, Digix, etc)  

 
Merchant console • Primary interface between luxury merchants and Aditus 

• Used by luxury merchants to create Smart Invitations TM and 
manage their ADITUS Tokens 

• Merchants need to spend ADITUS Tokens to create Smart 
Invitations, and to fund the rewards and incentives portion of the 
Smart Invitations. 

 
Smart Invitations TM • Used by Merchants to target users (and offer incentives) without 

centralized tracking of Users 
• Powered by Ethereum smart contracts 
• Setting up Smart Invitations require 3 necessary components: 

o Targeting Requirements 
o Desired User Action 
o Reward Tokens: The number of ADITUS Tokens to be 

transferred to Users upon successful validation of Desired 
User Action 

• The 3 possible categories of user actions are Physical Engagement, 
Provide Data, or Purchase (see 4.1 for a detailed explanation of 3 
types of actions)  

• Once set up, the Smart Invitations are published on the blockchain, 
and the User App will fetch and display the Smart Invitations that 
match both the user’s preferences and the merchant’s targeting 
requirements. (Decentralised Matching) 

  
ADITUS Token • An ERC 20 token 

• Serves the following functions: 



	

	 8 

1. Membership Proof to access Aditus’ decentralized platform 
2. Rewards Currency within Aditus platform 
3. A possible transaction currency at Aditus luxury merchants 
4. Voting on Aditus Events program line-up 
 

 
Aditus Pay TM (and other 
partner payment 
gateways) for luxury 
merchants  

• We will roll-out payment gateways for merchants to allow them to 
be able to receive payment in the currency of their choice after 
accepting crypto-currencies, with transactions done at point of 
transaction. 
 

 
 

 

4. Aditus Value Proposition for Users 
 
 
Crypto-Users access the luxury lifestyle through 2 levels of Aditus membership  
 

1) Ordinary Membership (Free) 
 

2) VIP Membership (Paid) 
 
 
Aditus Ordinary Membership: 
Access to the world of luxury through Smart Invitations TM + Cash-back rewards on transactions 
 
 • Simply downloading the Aditus app and inputting your preference data will 

activate the Aditus Ordinary Membership 
• Members receive Smart Invitations TM by luxury merchants that match their 

preference data 
• Members receive rewards in ADITUS Tokens for performing Desired User 

Actions (specified in the Smart Invitations) 
• If members use the Aditus wallet and ADITUS Tokens to transact at our 

merchants, they also receive cash-back or “in-kind” rewards  
• Merchant categories include member’s clubs, restaurants, travel, wine, art, 

villas, yachts, private jets, classic cars, watches, shopping and even token 
offerings etc. 

• Ultimate User Privacy: Users control all of their data, and user data never 
leaves the phone unless specifically authorized by the user. 

 
 
 
 
Aditus VIP Membership:    
The Ultimate rewards program of the crypto-currency world  
 
 • A paid membership program reserved for the most active Aditus 

users2 
• Available at 3 different levels: Gold, Platinum, Diamond, with 3 

different membership fees 
• All the benefits of Ordinary Membership, and 

! Invitations to exclusive events with luxury brands 
! Invitations to exclusive events organized by the Aditus Foundation 

(including events such as ICO pitches) 
! 24-7 Service Concierge 
! Access to clubs, restaurants, lounges 
! Exclusive deals with high-end travel planners offering custom  

design itineraries at exotic, hard to get destinations  

																																																								
2 User activity on Aditus is not tracked in a centralized manner, but rather activated through decentralized smart 
contracts 



	

	 9 

! Invitations to iconic events eg classic car concours, film festivals, 
beach parties, themed cruises eCash-back Rewards at Luxury 
Boutiques 

! Exclusive benefits with yacht charter companies 
! Exclusive benefits with private jet charter companies 
! Exclusive visits of wine cellars in Europe / the US 
! Exclusive access to Gallery and New Exhibition vernissages 
! Private invitation to new yacht launches 
! Privileged access to Art and Collectible auctions 
! Privileged access to high-end property and vineyard auctions 
! Exclusive invitation to Token launches (ITSs) 
! Private Purchase and Sale Advisor (art, properties, yachts) 
! And many more 

 
• This is the rewards program of the crypto-world, akin to those offered 

by under top tier credit cards like Amex Centurion. 
• The Aditus team is experienced in creating luxury rewards programs 

for banks and credit card companies, and is well-connected with 
many of the other companies working in the background creating 
these exclusive programs.  

 
Please see Appendix : “Full User Run Through” 

 
 
4.1  Aditus Smart Invitations: Smart Contract-powered 
 Marketing, Rewards And Incentives 
 
Aditus users receive Smart Invitations from luxury merchants that fit their preferences.  
 
Each Smart Invitation is powered by an Ethereum smart contract that rewards users with 
ADITUS Tokens upon successful validation of a desired user action.  
 
 Smart Invitations reward 3 types of desired user actions: 
 
a. Physical Engagement 

eg: “Please visit our physical showroom and obtain 20 ADITUS Tokens” 
 

• >90% of all luxury purchases happen in a physical store because the “touch and 
feel” experience as well as the trust factor is more important for users buying luxury.  

• As such merchants are willing to invite Aditus users to their stores and reward them 
for it as part of their marketing efforts.  

• This is also true for exhibitors at large scale luxury and art shows. 
• Through the scanning of a QR code onsite at the physical showroom / store, the 

smart contract powering the Smart Invitation is validated, and the promised number 
of ADITUS tokens is transferred to the user. 

 
 
b. Share data:  

eg  “Please share your email address with us so we can send u a brochure, and obtain 
10 ADITUS Tokens”  
 

• Data is key for effective luxury marketing and sales follow-up. 
• On Aditus, users control and own their own data, unlike credit card companies and 

banks that track and sell customer marketing data  
• As such, merchants who wish to collect more data will offer ADITUS Tokens as a 

reward to users for offering that data.  
• It is always the user’s choice whether to share data with the merchants or not. 
• To prevent abuse of the system, only data pre-verified and stored on the 

decentralized Aditus app, can be shared by the users to merchants in return for 
ADITUS tokens. 



	

	 10 

• This data is encrypted and sent directly to the Smart Invitation, where it can only be 
unlocked by the merchant originating the Smart Invitation. 

 
  

 
c. Purchase at a Special Price: eg “Please purchase my product/service using the Aditus 

wallet and obtain a 5% cashback”   
 
• For outsiders to luxury, it may seem that luxury merchants rarely offer discounts. 
• This is because luxury merchants are reluctant to publicise discounts to their products 

for fear it would damage their brand positioning. 
• Yet, special prices are often offered in situations when the merchant wishes to close the 

sale in a face-to-face situation, or when the Merchant is convinced of the quality of the 
potential customer. 

• A quirk within the luxury industry is that many luxury merchants prefer to give cash-back 
instead of discounts because cash-backs 

o Does not affect top-line revenues, as the cash-back is funded from another 
expense item in their P/L statement 

o There is often a third party involved in giving the cash-back (eg credit card), 
meaning the brand is technically not giving a discount 

• The Aditus platform uniquely combines targeting features for merchants, and strong 
privacy controls for users.  

• This makes it ideal for merchants to confidently offer special prices to users because 
they know it will not be visible to non-targeted persons. 

 
• As an example:  

 
• An alcohol merchant creates a Smart Invitation for a cask of whiskey offering a 

10% cash-back for orders.  
• The Smart Invitation only targets Aditus VIP users who have purchased spirits 

above a certain amount in the past 6 months. 
• When an Aditus user decides to act on the offer, he initiates payment from his 

wallet into the smart contract powering the Smart Invitation 
• The smart contract automatically applies the cash-back offer. 

  
 

 
4.2 Voting Rights to Program Line-Up at Aditus Events 
 
The Aditus co-founders are veteran entrepreneurs with a long track record of organising luxury 
events attracting large numbers of fiat-affluents, and also increasing numbers of crypto-affluents 
in the last 2 years. 
 
Aditus organizes events intended to encourage interactions and mingling between both 
communities of affluent individuals. Our first such event was Virtual Currencies Talk, held on-site 
at the yacht and luxury show Singapore RendezVous. The Talk had 5 respected speakers from 
the blockchain world, and attracted over 200 attendees from both fiat and crypto spaces, as 
well as 4 start-ups pitching their token sales. (See 10.4 Crypto and Fiat Millionaire Outreach: 
Aditus Foundation) 
 
In order to build an engaged community, Aditus token holders will have the right to vote on the 
content, such as ICO pitches, of upcoming events. 
	
	
	
4.3 Secure Multi-Cryptocurrency Wallet + Seamless Payment At 
 Merchants 
 



	

	 11 

 
A core service offering of the Aditus platform is secure multi-crypto currency wallet within the 
Aditus App, as well as the roll-out of crypto-payment gateways at luxury merchants. 
 
 

 
 
 
Aditus Wallet 
 
Being a multi-currency wallet, the user can choose different crypto-currencies such as Bitcoin, 
Litecoin and Ethereum to pay for the products / services offered by an Aditus Alliance merchant.  
 
However, Aditus offers cash-back (more accurately ‘token-back’) and other “in-kind” incentives 
(eg free bottle of champagne in your beach villa reserved through Aditus) for using the ADITUS 
Token as the payment currency. 
 
Because of the Aditus’ team’s unique strengths in user acquisition among fiat millionaires, it is 
likely that the Aditus crypto-currency wallet will be the first mobile crypto-currency wallet 
downloaded and used by many fiat millionaires. (See Pt 10 ‘Roll-Out Plan’) 
 
Payment Gateways 
 
Essential to the Aditus platform is rolling-out payment gateways at our merchants.  
 
In addition to working with partners, we will be developing our own payment gateway called 
Aditus PayTM which will tie into Aditus Rewards, our marketing and rewards layer. 
 
Integrating APIs from exchanges and liquidity providers, we will enable luxury merchants to be 
paid in the currency of their choice. In so doing, we will initiate luxury merchants into the crypto-
age.  
 

 
 
4.4  Maximum Privacy Protection Through Decentralisation 
 
Luxury marketers require more targeting data than the average marketer to run effective 
campaigns. Specifically, the ideal luxury marketing campaign needs 3 categories of targeting 
data: 
 

1) Personal / Demographic Data 
2) Preferences data 
3) Transaction data 

 
Yet there will always be a constant struggle between merchants and consumers with regards to 
data: merchants and marketers always want as much as possible, users always want to give as 
little as possible. 



	

	 12 

 
To make matters worse, many crypto-users are even more particular about privacy than your 
average consumer. 
 
In current models, 3rd party platforms like banks, credit card companies or large marketing 
platforms as Google and Facebook track collect as much data as possible about their users. 
The data is then used by these platforms to create marketing solutions, or even to be on-sold to 
other companies and data brokers. A look at the Terms of Use Agreements of these services 
would reveal that many of these platforms have ownership rights over user data.  
 
In the case of banks and credit card companies, vast amounts of transaction data are also 
tracked along with other personal data. Given the need for luxury merchants to identify 
customers who both have the means and the interest, the banks and credit card companies 
become a powerful channel to promote their service offerings. 
 
On Aditus, we reconcile both the privacy needs of crypto-users and the targeting needs luxury 
marketers through a unique decentralized platform and encryption. 
 
 

 
 
• While Aditus users do have to input contact and preference data to receive Smart 

Invitations, this data is encrypted and stored on their mobile devices.  
• All user data within the Aditus app is encrypted using the Advanced Encryption Standard 

(AES). 
• This data never leaves the phone unless specifically authorized by the user. 
• Transaction data through the Aditus wallet is on the blockchain and contain no identifying 

data.  
• Matching of merchant’s targeting requirements and user data is done locally on user’s 

mobile device (decentralized matching), so merchants do not get access to users until users 
choose to initiate engagement with the merchants..   

• Our centralized servers run only the code of our front-facing user interfaces, and store no 
user data.  

 
 
Thus, on Aditus, user data is always solely within the control and ownership of the user. 
 
We do anticipate users who may value convenience over privacy, we will offer a freemium 
service for users to store their data on an encrypted server, so that they may be able to transfer 
their personal data between phones. 
 
However, Aditus as a platform is set up to satisfy the most rigorous of privacy requirements in 
the user’s browsing, engagement and transactions with luxury merchants. It is a platform that 
can serve even the most privacy-demanding of crypto-affluents. 



	

	 13 

 

5. Aditus Value Proposition for Luxury Merchants 
 
Aditus’ core value proposition for luxury merchants is to allow them to reach the growing new 
community of crypto-affluents. In a period of slowing growth, this is a golden opportunity for 
luxury merchants to use Aditus’ platform to be the first to serve this new group of wealthy 
individuals.  
 
Aditus’ built in incentives and rewards platform also allows them to be the first to build loyalty 
and brand awareness with this new group of customers. 
 
The Aditus team is highly experienced in building marketing platforms linking luxury merchants 
and affluent individuals, from websites to apps to magazines to events to rewards programs. 
 
Besides opening up the new customer category of crypto-affluents to luxury merchants, Aditus 
also allows merchants to reward the user directly, without paying the bulk of their marketing 
budgets to middlemen.  
 
The Brave browser and its Basic Attention Token offers a direct way for online advertisers to 
reward users for their attention, thereby cutting through multiple middlemen and so aims to 
solve the highly fragmented digital advertising ecosystem.  
 
Serious problems similarly have always existed in luxury marketing because: 
 

1) The physical touch & feel experience and physical engagement are extremely 
important in luxury purchases3, which means unlike e-commerce, there can be a 
considerable time gap between marketing and the actual transaction  

 
2) Luxury marketing requires more precise targeting data to be effective.  

 
3) Luxury merchants do not like to publicise discounts and rewards openly for fear of 

diminishing their brand positioning  
 
The introduction of Smart Invitations and our decentralized platform allows luxury merchants to 
reward users for desired actions directly, providing them with a degree of accountability not 
currently offered by any marketing platform, whether they are on-chain or off-chain. 
 
 
 

6. Business Model 
 
 
Aditus operates at core a transaction and marketing platform between luxury merchants and 
crypto-affluents. On this platform, the Aditus generates revenues through:  
 

1) Admin fees for Merchants to generate Smart Invitations 
 

2) Marketing Commissions on Transactions 

																																																								
3 Even after close to 20 years of development in the e-commerce market, and despite all the media attention 
surrounding the e-commerce in luxury, >90% of all luxury purchases are still made in physical points of sale.  



	

	 14 

We pre-negotiate transaction commissions from participating merchants, so that 
Aditus makes a commission on every sale. This is to be distinguished from the 
Payment Gateway Fees below. 

 
3) Payment Gateway fees 

When merchants require the use of our payment gateways, they pay a small fee. 
We anticipate this fee would be lower than those charged by credit card data 
networks. This fee is shared with partners involved in the payment gateway. 

 
4) Membership fees from VIP users when they subscribe for the Aditus VIP 

Membership 
 
 

7. Team 
 
The founders of Aditus are all veteran entrepreneurs with a track record in luxury, technology, 
marketing and events. Many members of the Aditus team have worked with each other on 
multiple projects over the past decade. 

 
7.1  Core Team 
 

 

Julian Peh | Co-Founder 
 
Julian is regarded as one of the foremost entrepreneurs in luxury tech in Asia, having founded and built 
Luxury-Insider.com into the leading luxury portal in Asia before it was acquired by media giant Singapore 
Press Holdings.  Over the past 15 years he has launched and built numerous luxury marketing platforms 
including websites, apps and rewards programs focused on luxury. 
 
He is highly experienced in digital product development and roll-out, and has been at the forefront of rolling 
out tech solutions for luxury clients from online advertising, mobile marketing to data systems. His track record 
includes signing up hundreds of luxury brands often for their very first forays into that technology. 
 
He has been deeply involved in luxury rewards programs, having served as consultant for Citibank’s top end 
Ultima card, as well as creating luxury rewards programs for Chinese banks and their credit cards. For the 
past 3 years, he has been Co-Founder and CEO of SERA, a rewards program in partnership with Visa China. 
SERA has acquired rewards from >100 luxury brand stores to date.  
 
Julian is an active investor in cryptocurrencies, and is concurrently a shareholder of Heart Media, owner of 
Singapore RendezVous, Phuket RendezVous and Penang RendezVous as well as multiple magazines and 
websites. 
 

 

Olivier Burlot | Co-Founder 
 
Leading luxury entrepreneur with a long track record in luxury events and media. 
 
One of the most successful luxury media and event entrepreneurs in Asia, Olivier was at the forefront of 
luxury’s growth in Asia the last 20 years. Having helmed luxury media companies and yacht companies, Olivier 
also co-founded some of the most famous luxury shows in the world including Hainan RendezVous海天盛筵. 
He brings a wealth of global connections and relationships within the luxury industry. 
 
Olivier is CEO of Heart Media, which also owns the Singapore RendezVous, Phuket RendezVous and Penang 
Rendezvous, all leading luxury shows at the centre of ultra-affluent communities. 
 

 

Prakash Somosundram | Co-Founder 
 
Prakash is a leading digital entrepreneur who founded Yolk, a digital agency that served clients like Lenovo, 
Microsoft, Singapore’s Ministry of Communications and the Arts. Yolk was acquired by WPP in 2011. He also 
listed another company TMG on Nasdaq First North. He is highly ranked as an influencer in the fintech space 
in Asia. He is actively involved in startup ecosystem development and promotion in Singapore.  
 
In 2016 he was recognized at the Singapore Indian Business Leaders ( SIBL) awards 
 



	

	 15 

 

Tony Chew | Blockchain Lead  
 
Tony has over 10 years of industry experience in the technology domain, having helmed multiple projects in 
different roles. He is the core developer of SafeAsset.io, a to-be-launched decentralised cryptocurrency asset 
management platform. 
 
He has been involved with blockchain technology since 2011, having worked on multiple projects with 
decentralisation as a goal while leveraging underlying cryptographic techniques; eg multisignature escrow, 
shamir secret for key distribution, hashing as cryptographic notary etc. His prior knowledge on game theory 
and economic theory give him an advantage when it comes to designing DAO projects. 
 

 

Prabhu Sengal | Lead Developer 
 
Prabhu is the founder and CTO of The Software Practice  (https://tsp.sg), a technology development firm 
based in Singapore. He has architected solutions and led teams to deliver complex software solutions for large 
enterprises and Government agencies including Hewlett Packard, DBS (Southeast Asia's largest bank) and 
DSTA (the Defence Science and Technology Agency of Singapore).  
 
He's an avid blockchain enthusiast who brings in substantial technical expertise in designing and developing 
world-class software. 
 

 

Zulkamal Ahmed | Platform Manager / UX Developer 
 
Zulkamal is a multi-disciplined product manager with more than 10 years of full-stack application development 
and management experience ranging from architectural design, UI/UX, data analysis to marketing in the digital 
media space.  
 
Prior to being in the blockchain space, he was involved in applying machine learning and data science at a 
fashion-related startup and the hospitality industry. He was also one of the founding members of WebSG, a 
web standards advocacy group in Singapore. 
 

 

Jason Kwong | Content Manager 
 
Jason spent seven years in the financial sector with experience in credit card marketing and equity trading 
before entering into luxury media, serving as managing editor of major luxury magazines. He was an early 
investor in bitcoin and ethereum. His knowledge of luxury, and a keen interest in cryptocurrencies are 
summoned to the forefront at Aditus.  
 

 
 

 
7.2  Advisors 
 

 

Shaun Djie | Advisor 
 
Shaun is the Co-Founder and COO of Digix Global, and is also the founder and lead organizer for Ethereum 
Singapore meetup group - the largest of its kind in Asia with almost 2,800 members. Having been exposed to 
blockchain technology since its early days, he was involved in a paper for the MTI Smart Nation research on 
blockchain technology back in 2015. DigixGlobal, the first company to ever conduct a crowdsale on the 
Ethereum blockchain, was also the first company to conduct the first ever live transaction on Ethereum. 
 
 

 

Akash Aggarwal | Advisor 
 
Akash is the Founder and President of Global DCX, a digital currency exchange which allows its users to trade 
digital currencies including: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, and others alongside fiat pairs. He is highly experienced 
in the crypto-currency sphere, and is a member of the Digital Currency Council, ACCESS Singapore and the 
Bitcoin Foundation.  
 

 

Samuel Mark Reid | Advisor 
 
Samuel is a blockchain expert, mathematician and polymath who holds multiple positions like Chief Blockchain 
Engineer of Gibraltar Blockchain Exchange, Director of Spacebit. He is a mathematician and business 
developer with IOTA, and also CEO and Co-founder of the Geometric Energy Corporation, delivering 
mathematical and scientific consulting to industry, academia and government. 

 

Kenneth Oh | Advisor 
 
Kenneth is a Senior Partner with Dentons Rodyk & Davidson’s Corporate Practice, and China/Indonesia 
Practices. In legal practice for over 16 years, he specialises in corporate finance – advising on venture capital, 
private equity, IPOs & post-IPO funding – and mergers & acquisitions. Kenneth is one of the leading lawyers 
on blockchain and crypto-currency related lawyers in Singapore, and also sits on the board of Ferrell Asset 
Management, and as an advisor of Kyber Networks. 
 



	

	 16 

 

Lee Tsun Ngai | Advisor 
 
Tsun Ngai is Head of Business Development at Kyber Networks, has been working in the data science sector 
and has been involved in projects that span across FinTech, financial sector and government agencies. He 
has been involved in the blockchain space since 2015. He started out by mining Ether since it was first 
launched in 2015 and has helped and collaborated with various Singapore blockchain startups.  
 

 

Jeremy Kerbel | Advisor 
 
Jeremy is Director of Corporate Markets (APAC) at GLG. He has been an active angel investor in blockchain 
start-ups and crypto-currency trader since 2013, and also serves as Strategic Advisor to crypto-currency 
exchange Global DCX. 

 

Francis Gouten | Advisor 
 
Francis Gouten has over 35 years of experience in the luxury industry, having been CEO of Richemont Asia 
Pacific, Piaget. He is also a board member of fashion retailer I.T, and hotel operator Louis XIII Holdings in 
Macau. 
 

 

Regina Lam | Advisor 
 
With close to 20 years in luxury and high end fashion, Regina is a sought after a recognized expert in high end 
retail and luxury, having previously been CEO of Tom Ford Asia, Staff International (7 high end fashion brands) 
as well as top leadership positions in LVMH, Jean Paul Gaultier and the Swank Group. She is currently CEO of 
COURONNE Management Ltd, a consultancy advising premium brands.  

 

Francis Srun | Advisor 
 
With over 20 years experience spanning both high-end luxury, Francis Srun is a recognized expert in luxury, 
having previously been Managing Director of Ralph Lauren Asia, Piaget Watches Asia and Boucheron Asia. In 
2013, he published “Vendre Le Luxe”, a book written in French about selling Luxury, presenting selling 
techniques and customer psychology.  
 

	
	
	
7.3  Past & present luxury projects by founders 
 
 
The co-founders of Aditus comprise many veteran entrepreneurs, with deep experience, 
knowledge and connections within the luxury industries. 
 
 
Some highlights include 
 
 
‘RendezVous’ Events 

 

• Large scale luxury events integrating yachts, real estate, private jets, 
watches, fashion and all aspects of the luxury lifestyle 

• Each show attracts thousands of ultra-affluent visitors  
• Past iterations include, Jet RendezVous Macau (2008) & Jet 

RendezVous Changsha (2006 and 2007), and Hainan RendezVous 
海天盛筵 (2010-2013) 

• Current Shows: Singapore RendezVous, Phuket RendezVous and 
Penang RendezVous 

• Luxury events are a key part of the Aditus roll-out plan. (see Pt 10 
User Acquisition) 
 



	

	 17 

Luxury-Insider.com 
 

 

• The largest luxury portal in Asia-Pacific, founded in 2006 
• First to sign luxury brands for online marketing campaigns 
• Served hundreds of luxury clients for their digital campaigns 
• Voted No 1 Luxury Website by Marketing Magazine over 

consecutive years 
• Acquired by SPH in 2014 
 

SERA 奢励  • Luxury rewards program partnering with Visa and Chinese banks 
• Cash-back rewards offered at >100 luxury brand boutiques in HK, 

Macau 
• www.sera.cc 
 

Heart Media • Leading luxury media company with events, print and digital 
• Owns numerous well-known luxury magazine brands: L’Officiel 

Singapore, L’Officiel Malaysia, Men’s Folio, World of Watches, 
ArtRepublik, Yacht Style, Palace 

• Also owns Luxuo.com and Singapore RendezVous, Phuket 
RendezVous and Penang RendezVous 
 

 
The luxury products and platforms we currently control reach around 900,000 affluent 
individuals, and serve hundreds of luxury clients monthly. 
 
They are also where crypto-affluents will visit when looking for content on the luxury lifestyle. 
 
These platforms will be utilized to the maximum in promoting Aditus. 

 
7.4 Past Clients in Luxury 
	
Through our combined >30 years of experience in luxury, we have developed a good track-
record as well as long relationships with every major luxury brand, and hundreds of lesser-
known ones across every product category.  
 
Of note also is that we have been at the forefront of rolling out latest technological solutions to 
clients, being the first to sign brands for online advertising, and luxury brand stores for mobile 
marketing and mobile rewards programs. Communicating, educating and rolling-out new 
technological solutions among luxury brands are a forte of our team. 
 
Besides the luxury brands, we have also strong working relationships with the companies that 
form the ‘inner infrastructure’ of the luxury industry eg, concierge companies, rewards 
companies, membership clubs etc. 
 
We will use these connections and knowledge to recruit merchants onto our platform. 



	

	 18 

 
 
Diagram: A small selection of the founder’s past luxury clients 
 
 

8. The Aditus Token 

 
8.1 Role of Token 
 
 
The ADITUS Token is an ERC20 standard token. It serves the following functions: 
 

1) Membership Proof for Users : to access Smart Invitations and our VIP 
membership program 

2) Membership Proof for Merchants: to create Smart Invitations and use the 
Merchant’s Console 

3) Rewards and Incentive Currency within Aditus platform 
4) A possible transaction currency within Aditus ecosystem 
5) Voting Rights on program line-up of Aditus Events 

 
A thriving value eco-system requires strong and sustained token values. We anticipate token 
demand from the following categories of token holders: 
 
Demand from Crypto Affluents 
• They will need ADITUS Tokens to access luxury lifestyle services on the Aditus platform 



	

	 19 

• Number of crypto-affluents will continue to grow. 
 
Demand from Fiat Affluents 
• They will acquire ADITUS Tokens as part of our roll-out efforts (see Pt 10 User Acquisition 

below) 
• Because of our unique roll-out plans, and the difficulty that fiat-affluents still face in getting 

even their first bitcoin, ADITUS might be the first crypto-currency for many fiat-affluents, and 
the Aditus app their first crypto-wallet. 

• Aditus will be their gateway to the world of blockchain and crypto-currencies. 
 
Demand from Luxury Merchants 
• They will acquire ADITUS Tokens to create Smart Invitations to reach Aditus’ users 
• In a time of slowing growth, the ADITUS tokens represent how luxury merchants will access 

this extremely attractive new customer community of crypto-affluents 

 
	
8.2 Voting on Program Line-Up of Aditus Events 
 
 
Our long term goals of building a vibrant community of users, merchants, and token holders 
motivated and incentivized to help Aditus improve its offerings, and to grow and succeed.  
 
A key aspect is an engaged community that offers regular feedback, and Aditus will run User 
Feedback Surveys every month. 
 
In addition, Aditus token holders will have the right to vote on the content (eg participating 
ICO pitches) on upcoming events, or merchants to be next included on our platform. 
 
We will offer voting on the program line-ups at our events and also on strategic decisions made 
with the platform roll-out. 
 
	

9. Initial Token Sale 

 
9.1 Overview 
 
Our Initial Token Sale was completed on 20 December 2017.  
 
For full details of our token distribution, please refer to our official announcement on the matter 
here.  
 
https://medium.com/aditusnetwork/aditus-adi-token-allocation-the-details-2016e937e833 
 
 

 
9.2 Use of Token Sale Funds 
 
The funds from our Token Sales is to execute our Roll-Out Road Map (see Pt 10), and can be 
categorized into the headings below: 
 



	

	 20 

 
 
 
 

10. Roll-Out Road Map 
 
 
10.1 User Acquisition / Roll Out  
 
 
Many white papers are light on describing roll-out plans, but we at Aditus firmly believe that while 
the technical components are crucial, user acquisition and the ability to build a vibrant 
ecosystem are equally important in determining whether a token (and its company) gains value 
(and influence) over time.  
 
As such we have detailed our roll-out plans for Aditus below:  
 
They fall into 4 main heads: 
 

(1) Intensive Marketing to Crypto Communities through Global PR and Marketing 
(2) Physical Roll Out at Luxury Events 
(3) Crypto and Fiat-Affluents Outreach through the Aditus Foundation 
(4) Strategic Partners 

 
Each will be explained in detail below. 

	

 
10.2 Intensive Marketing to Crypto and Fiat Affluent 
 Communities 
 
We will run a global marketing and communication campaign to reach crypto-affluents and fiat-
millionaires highly interested in crypto-currencies. 
 
We will execute frequent communication on our operational milestones reached. Press releases 
and content marketing articles will be pushed on blockchain related websites (by our 
count >400), as well as general lifestyle sites will also be targeted.  
 
We also wish to work with partners to reach out to online communities on closed social 
networks like Telegram, membership forums etc. 
 



	

	 21 

One of our key competitive strengths here is that Aditus founders not only own luxury media 
platforms reaching almost a million readers monthly, but we are also known to be expert 
marketers. 
 

 
10.3  Physical Roll Out at Luxury Shows 
 
Luxury shows (yacht shows, art shows, auctions etc) are ideal channels to roll-out Aditus. They 
attract millions of affluent visitors every year, and represent an extremely unique concentration of 
High Net Worth Individuals all in one location (captive audience from a marketing perspective).  
 
Billions of dollars are transacted at these shows, as the exhibitors of these shows usually 
represent the crème-de la crème of luxury merchants.  
 
The fact that our co-founder Olivier Burlot is an experienced founder of major luxury shows, and 
is well-connected within the luxury space, is also a huge competitive advantage. Olivier was one 
of the co-founders of Hainan RendezVous, a large-scale yacht and luxury show in China. He 
also presently co-owns, through Heart Media: Singapore RendezVous, Phuket RendezVous and 
Penang RendezVous. 
 

 
 
 
How will we roll out Aditus at luxury shows? 
 
Aditus will be used by exhibitors (who are all luxury merchants) as the engagement and lead 
generation platform for their booths.  
 
Show attendees (fiat and crypto-affluents) will use the Aditus app to obtain Invitations and 
information targeted to their preferences, serving as a powerful complement to the typical show 
catalogue. 
 
For certain shows, The Aditus platform and tokens can also be used for making in-show 
payments such as for drinks or even actual purchases of goods. The diagram below shows the 
use of Aditus at a partner show. 
  



	

	 22 

 
 
As seen from the diagram above, the show environment really is a micro-universe of how Aditus 
will be used generally. 
 
By rolling out Aditus at luxury shows, we have the advantage of  

(1) Exposing merchants to the benefits of Aditus directly, speeding up merchant 
acquisition for our membership programs 

(2) Allowing users to physically experience the Aditus ecosystem in action 
(3) Have the captive attention (and in many cases physical booth space) to answer 

questions directly from users 
 
Indeed, the physical touch and feel factor is extremely important in luxury4. Aditus, being a luxury 
product itself, will build trust and branding from this approach from the beginning. 
 
Also notable is our activities for the Aditus Foundation, which will also be running parallel events 
for the shows (see 10.4). 
 
Post ITS, we have an entire schedule of shows to roll-out Aditus in 2018: 
 
Month Name Nature Location 
Jan 2018 Art Stage Singapore Art Show Singapore 
Jan 2018 Phuket RendezVous Integrated luxury 

show at a yachting 
marina 

Phuket, Thailand 

Mar 2018 Art Basel Art Show Hong Kong 
Apr 2018 Penang 

RendezVous 
Integrated luxury 
show at a yachting 
marina 

Penang, Malaysia 

Aug 2018 Salon Prive Classic Car and 
Luxury Show 

Bleinheim Palace, UK 

Sep 2018 Chantily Arts et 
Elegance 

Art Show Paris, France 

Sep 2018 Cannes Yachting 
Festival 

Yacht Show Cannes, France 

Oct 2018 Singapore 
RendezVous 

Integrated luxury 
show at a yachting 
marina 

Singapore 

Nov 2018 Bund Classic Classic Car and 
Luxury Show 

Shanghai, China 

																																																								
4 >90% of all luxury purchases still occur in physical stores, despite the presence and growth of luxury e-commerce 
platforms over a decade. 



	

	 23 

 

 
10.4 Crypto and Fiat Millionaire Outreach: Aditus Foundation 
 
Crypto and Fiat Affluent Communities will eventually merge 
 
The Aditus Foundation is part of our long term plan to not only acquire users for Aditus but to 
play our part in encouraging awareness and adoption of both crypto-currencies and blockchain 
technologies.  
 
We envision that the crypto-community will not remain insular for long. ‘New blood’ in the form 
of fiat millionaires entering the crypto-space is only a matter of time, although there are currently 
many barriers to entry and understanding. 
 
The Aditus Foundation has the twin goals of 

(1) Evangelisation and education of crypto-currency and blockchain use among HNWI 
and corporates 

(2) Encouraging interactions between crypto-affluents and fiat affluents 
 
 
Activities of the Aditus Foundation 
 
The Aditus Foundation will run frequent events, educational seminars and gatherings for both 
crypto-enthusiasts and fiat millionaires.  
 
We will also run curated Initial Token Sale selections in which token companies will get a chance 
to present to affluent individuals.  
 
Besides the gatherings, we will also run larger ‘crypto-retreats’ in conjunction with the major 
luxury shows rolling out Aditus. 
 
Indeed, we will set up different Chapters of the Aditus Foundation in different countries, each led 
by a key influencer in that country. 
 
 

 

 
The first Virtual Currencies Talk 
organized by the Aditus Foundation on 7 
October 2017. 
The talk was held at the location of the 
Singapore RendezVous 2017. 
It attracted over 200 participants, an 
equal mix of crypto-affluents and fiat-
affluents. 
4 ICO pitches were made along with 
many distinguished speakers from the 
blockchain and crypto-currency space. 
 
Blockshow was one of our partners. 
  
 

 
 
 
How the Foundation helps User Acquisition for the Aditus Platform 
 



	

	 24 

Through the activities of the Foundation, we hope to reach and ‘convert’ many more fiat 
millionaires into crypto-users. And we believe for many of these new users, the Aditus wallet 
will be their first crypto-currency wallet, and ADITUS will be their first token. 
 

 
10.5 Strategic Partners 
 
 
As the first luxury lifestyle rewards platform in the crypto-currency space, Aditus will have first 
mover advantage in signing synergistic partnerships with partners. 
 
For eg: crypto-currency debit cards like TenX, Monaco etc are ideal partners for us as they 
would all need a rewards program to complement their card. Partnering with Aditus allows them 
to focus on their mission-critical goal of guaranteeing payment network stability while leaving the 
rewards components to us. 
 
We have already in discussions with many prominent companies in the space, and many are 
interested in having co-branding partnerships in which Aditus designs special rewards programs 
for their users. Some examples of companies we have secured partnerships with include Kyber 
networks, Digix Global, and Pundi X. 
 
When the Aditus user base hits a certain size, “old-world” companies like banks and luxury 
conglomerates will find us impossible to ignore. We will be able to sign partnerships with them 
either to acquire tokens for their operational use, or to cross-market Aditus to their customers. 
 
Our co-founder Julian Peh will lead this head of marketing. Julian is an experienced digital 
platform builder with extensive experience in partnerships, having previously clinched 
partnerships with banks, credit card companies and hundreds of luxury brands through his 
Chinese traveller-focused global rewards platform SERA奢励. 
 

 
	
10.6 Planned Roll Out Time Line 
	
 
Time Activity Notes 
Dec 2017  

   Initial Token Sale 
 

 

Jan to Mar 
2018 

• Beta version of Aditus ready for launch  
• Roll-out and/or Publicity at Phuket RendezVous 
• Intensive online marketing for Aditus 
• Aditus listed on first exchanges  

 

 

Mar to Jun 
2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 

• Getting Aditus exchangeable with other cryptocurrencies 
 
• Intensive online PR outreach in crypto-community to 

jumpstart secondary market transactions for Aditus 
 
• User Merchant Acquisition through the following shows: 

• Mar 18: Art Basel Hong Kong 
• Apr 18: I-Property, Kuala Lumpur (TBC) 
• May18: Penang Rendez-Vous 

 
• Intensive PR and marketing will be done after each 

milestone reached to maintain buzz and interest in 
token. 

 
• We will work on getting more merchants to accept 

Build liquidity and secondary market 
for tokens, 
expand ecosystem, build buzz, grow 
community 



	

	 25 

 
 

11. Conclusion 
 
 
The luxury lifestyle industry is a trillion-dollar business hungry for growth, and new crypto-
affluents and crypto-millionaires are being minted every day. Even while the crypto-markets 
remains in its infant stages, there is a unique opportunity to seize the first mover advantage and 
be the first to serve a huge neglected community of affluent people through their lifestyle needs. 
 
That combined with the our unique competitive advantages and our focused user acquisition 
plans, means we are well placed to build a luxury lifestyle platform powered by crypto-currencies, 
enjoyed by a thriving and motivated community made up of discerning individuals originating 
from both fiat and crypto-currencies in the new crypto-currency economy. 
 
The successful execution of our roll-out plan will cement Aditus’, and the ADITUS Token’s, 
position at the core of the luxury lifestyle within the new age of crypto-currencies, an influential 
and profitable position for a platform to be. 
 
  

Aditus as a payment currency through payment 
gateways. 

 
 

  
Q3, Q4 
2018 

• With a sufficient user-base we will start asking our 
partners / merchants to start launching specialised 
projects accepting ADITUS Tokens solely.  
 

• Even now, we have existing interest in the following type 
of projects: 

• One-off special editions from luxury brands 
• Art Auctions 
• Artist Patronage 
• Charity Fund-Raising 

 
• This will truly elevate Aditus as a unique token with its 

own inherent value that people wish to hold. 
• This will sustain the value of the token and help reduce 

volatility.  
 

Encourage merchants / partners to 
create unique offerings for Token 
holders, to sustain base value of 

token 

 
 

• Within 18-24 months, Aditus would have established 
itself as the token held by most number of affluent 
individuals  
 

• Giant luxury groups like LVMH cannot ignore us - large 
scale projects like retail integration will be in the works - 
all involving bulk purchases of Aditus for their operational 
use 
 

• Banks with an affluent user base cannot ignore us - 
large scale projects will be proposed - all involving bulk 
purchases of of Aditus for their operational use 

Get large organisations to start 
regularly buying Aditus for their daily 

operations, to reduce volatility 



	

	 26 

Appendix A: Full User Run-Through 
 
 
1 Set Up / Onboarding / Becoming Ordinary Member of Aditus 

 

 
 
 

1) A user downloads the Aditus app. 
 

2) They fill in their invitation / referral code if any (an invitation code may include an 
offer of ADITUS Tokens) 

 
3) They fill in their personal details.  

 
4) All personal identifying details are encrypted and never leave the phone. 

 
 

 
 

5) Users then fill in their preferences data. Preference data are essential to receive 
only desired invitations from the right merchants.  

 
6) All preference data is encrypted and never leaves the phone. 

 
7) Upon filling in their preferences data, the user is now an Ordinary Member of 

Aditus. 
 



	

	 27 

2 Browsing Invitations 
 

 
 

8) As a newly minted Ordinary Member, the user can now see his Invitations page, 
auto-populated with all Invitations matching the user’s preferences. 

 
9) These Invitations displayed had been previously set up by merchants via their 

Aditus Merchant Console. The Merchants input targeting criteria for each 
Invitation, and must include an offer of ADITUS tokens. and only Invitations with 
targeting criteria matching User’s Preferences will be displayed.  

 
10) Invitations may come with an offer of ADITUS Tokens in return for the User 

fulfilling an action.  
 

11) There are 3 possible actions: 
 

a. Engage with Merchant eg: “Pls visit my store and obtain 20 ADITUS 
Tokens”– validated through the scanning of a QR code onsite at the store 

 
b. Provide data: eg  “Pls provide us with your mailing address for us to send u 

a brochure, and obtain 10 ADITUS Tokens – handled via the Aditus app’s 
data management features – the user consents to the sending of the 
requested data to the user via the Smart Contract 

 
c. Purchase: eg “Pls purchase my product/service using the Aditus wallet and 

obtain a 5% cashback”  - handled via the Aditus crypto-currency wallet  
 

12) Merchants do not know in advance who will receive the Invitations, thus 
protecting the privacy of Aditus users before they choose to engage with the 
merchants. 

 
13) Aditus itself cannot track the preferences of any particular user. 

 
14) The Invitations from the Merchants appearing in the app really are the first level 

of access to the world of luxury, and are meant for users to browse and save in 
complete privacy. 

 
 
 
 

 



	

	 28 

3 Making Transactions via the Aditus wallet 
 

 
 

15) The second main feature of the Aditus app is the Aditus multi-crypto-currency 
wallet.  

 
16) Being a multi-currency wallet, the user can use other supported crypto-

currencies to pay for the services provided by an Aditus alliance merchant, but 
Aditus provides cash-back (more accurately ‘token-back’) incentives for using 
the ADITUS token as the payment currency. 

 
17) When the user pays for the desired service using the Aditus wallet and the 

ADITUS Token, they get an immediate cash-back   
 
 

18) Making transactions via the Aditus wallet also has the benefit of qualifying you 
for the exclusive VIP Membership, put together by the Aditus team personally 

 
19) Because of the Aditus’ team’s unique strengths in user acquisition among fiat 

millionaires, the Aditus crypto-currency wallet will likely be the first mobile 
crypto-currency wallet to be used by many fiat millionaires  

 
 
4 Becoming an Aditus VIP Member 
 

 



	

	 29 

 
 
 

20) The VIP membership is a paid membership program that allows users to gain 
access some of the best in the world: including 
a. Entry to private member’s clubs 
b. Access to exclusive events 
c. Access to limited edition products 
d. Invitations to the best parties all over the world 
e. On-demand 24-7 concierge 

 
21) Many banks and credit card companies monitor their spending patterns of their 

customers before offering them the highest tier access.  
 

22) Aditus does not centrally monitor any user activity, instead, the Aditus wallet 
automatically qualifies you for membership immediately by a smart contract.  

 
23) As the Aditus team does not monitor users centrally, once the smart contract 

activates, an Invitation to apply for our VIP membership is sent automatically 
once the qualifying factors are met.  

 
24) The Aditus VIP membership contains the best offers our team sources all over 

the world, and will be constantly added to.  
 

25) Only limited number of membership spots are available. 
 

26) This is the Amex Centurion membership for the crypto-currency world. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



	

	 30 

12. Important Information 
 
PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY 
DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT 
YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S). 
 
This White Paper in current form is being circulated by Aditus Pte. Ltd. (“Aditus”) for general 
information and to invite investor feedback only on the Aditus platform as presently conceived, 
and is subject to review and revision by the directors of Aditus, the board of advisors and/or 
legal advisors of Aditus. Please do not replicate or distribute any part of this White Paper without 
this section in accompaniment. The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and no 
part of this White Paper is intended to create legal relations between a recipient of this White 
Paper or to be legally binding or enforceable by such recipient against Aditus. An updated 
version of this White Paper may be published on a date to be determined and announced by 
Aditus in due course.  
 
While we make every effort to ensure that any material in this White Paper is accurate and up to 
date, such material in no way constitutes the provision of professional advice. Aditus does not 
guarantee, and accepts no legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy, 
reliability, currency, or completeness of any material contained in this White Paper. Investors and 
potential ADITUS Token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior 
to relying on, or entering into any commitment or transaction based on, material published in this 
White Paper, which material is purely published for reference purposes alone. 
 
ADITUS Tokens are not be intended to constitute securities of any form, units in a business trust, 
units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of regulated investment or investment 
product in any jurisdiction. This White Paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document 
of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business 
trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of regulated investment or 
investment product, or a solicitation for any form of regulated investment or investment product 
in any jurisdiction.	No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information 
set out in this White Paper. No such action has been or will be taken by Aditus to obtain such 
approval under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The provision of this 
White Paper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules 
have been complied with. 
 
Aditus or this White Paper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to 
purchase, sell or otherwise transact with ADITUS Tokens and the fact of presentation of this 
White Paper shall not form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract of 
investment decision. 
 
You are not e l ig ib le and you are not to purchase any ADITUS Tokens (a) i f  you 
are located in the United States of America or the People’s Republ ic of China at 
the t ime of your intended purchase or purchase of ADITUS Tokens in the In it ia l  
Token Sale (“ ITS”);  or (b) i f  you are a cit izen, resident ( tax or otherwise), 
domici led in, or green card holder of the United States of America or a cit izen, 
domici led in, or resident of the People’s Republ ic of China (“Excluded Persons”).  
 
No ADITUS Token should be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as enabling, or 
according any opportunity to, purchasers to participate in or receive profits, income, or other 
payments or returns arising from or in connection with the ADITUS Tokens or the proceeds of 
the ITS, or to receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other payments or returns.  
 
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale 
and purchase of the ADITUS Tokens, and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be 
accepted on the basis of this White Paper. 
 



	

	 31 

Any agreement as between Aditus and you as a purchaser, and in relation to any sale and 
purchase, of ADITUS Tokens is to be governed by only a separate document setting out the 
terms and conditions (the “T&Cs”) of such agreement. In the event of any inconsistencies 
between the T&Cs and this White Paper, the former shall prevail. 
 
There are risks and uncertainties associated with Aditus and its business and operations, the 
ADITUS Tokens, the Aditus platform or protocol and the ITS. Please refer to the section entitled 
“Risks and Disclosures” set out at the end of this White Paper. 
 
This White Paper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any 
country where distribution or dissemination of this White Paper is prohibited or restricted. 
 
No part of this White Paper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including 
this section and the following sections entitled “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No Representations and 
Warranties”, “Representations and Warranties By You”, “Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking 
Statements”, “Third Party Information and No Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No 
Advice”, “No Further Information or Update”, “Restrictions On Distribution and Dissemination” 
and “Risks and Uncertainties”.  
 
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY 
 
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Aditus shall not 
be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, 
contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of 
use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this White 
Paper or any part thereof by you. 
 
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
Aditus does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or 
undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, 
warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the 
information set out in this White Paper. 
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU 
 
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this White Paper or such part 
thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant to Aditus as follows: 
 

i. you agree and acknowledge that the ADITUS Tokens do not constitute securities of any 
form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form 
of regulated investment or investment product in any jurisdiction; 

 
ii. you are not an Excluded Person, or a citizen or resident of a country the laws of which 

prohibit or conflict with the ITS or your participation in the ITS; 
 

iii. you agree and acknowledge that this White Paper does not constitute a prospectus or 
offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any 
form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form 
of regulated investment or investment product in any jurisdiction, or a solicitation for any 
form of regulated investment or investment product, and you are not bound to enter into 
any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of 
payment is to be accepted on the basis of this White Paper; 

 
iv. you acknowledge and understand that no ADITUS Token should be construed, 

interpreted, classified or treated as enabling, or according any opportunity to, ADITUS 
Tokenholders to participate in or receive profits, income, or other payments or returns 



	

	 32 

arising from or in connection with the ADITUS Tokens or the proceeds of the ITS, or to 
receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other payments or returns; 

  
v. you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of 

the information set out in this White Paper, no action has been or will be taken by Aditus 
to obtain such approval under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any 
jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or dissemination of this White Paper to you 
does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been 
complied with; 

 
vi. you agree and acknowledge that this White Paper, the undertaking and/or the 

completion of the ITS, or future trading of ADITUS Tokens on any cryptocurrency 
exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the 
merits of Aditus, the ADITUS Tokens, the ITS, and the Aditus platform or protocol; 

 
vii. the distribution or dissemination of this White Paper, any part thereof or any copy 

thereof, or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the 
applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in 
relation to possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such 
restrictions at your own expense and without liability to Aditus; 

 
viii. You agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any ADITUS 

Tokens, ADITUS Tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as: 
 

(i) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency; 
 
(ii) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity; 
 
(iii) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares; 
 
(iv) rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose 

or pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss; 
 
(v) securities; 
 
(vi) units or derivatives of units in a business trust; 
 
(vii) units in a collective investment scheme; or 
 
(viii) any form of regulated investment or investment product;  

 
ix. you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible and you are not to 

purchase any ADITUS Tokens if you are an Excluded Person; 
 

x. you are legally permitted to participate in the ITS and all actions contemplated or 
associated with such purchase, including the holding and use of ADITUS Tokens; 

 
xi. the amounts that you use to purchase ADITUS Tokens were not and are not directly or 

indirectly derived from any activities that contravene the laws and regulations of any 
jurisdiction, including anti-money laundering laws and regulations; 

 
xii. if you are a natural person, you are of sufficient age and capacity under the applicable 

laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside and the jurisdiction of which you are a citizen 
to participate in the ITS; 

 
xiii. you are not obtaining or using ADITUS Tokens for any illegal purpose; 

 



	

	 33 

xiv. none of: (i) you; (ii) any person controlling or controlled by you; (iii) if you are a privately-
held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in you; or (iv) any person for whom 
you are acting as agent or nominee in connection with this ITS is a senior foreign 
political figure, or any immediate family member or close associate of a senior foreign 
political figure. A “senior foreign pol i t ical f igure” is defined as a senior official in the 
executive, legislative, administrative, military or judicial branch of a government (whether 
elected or not), a senior official of a major political party, or a senior executive of a 
foreign government-owned corporation, and includes any corporation, business or other 
entity that has been formed by, or for the benefit of, a senior foreign political figure.  
“Immediate family” of a senior foreign political figure typically includes such figure’s 
parents, siblings, spouse, children and in-laws.  A “close associate” of a senior 
foreign political figure is a person who is widely and publicly known to maintain an 
unusually close relationship with such senior foreign political figure, and includes a 
person who is in a position to conduct substantial domestic and international financial 
transactions on behalf of such senior foreign political figure; 

 
xv. if you are affiliated with a non-U.S. banking institution (“Foreign Bank”), or if you 

receive deposits from, make payments on behalf of, or handle other financial 
transactions related to a Foreign Bank, you represent and warrant to Aditus that: (i) the 
Foreign Bank has a fixed address, and not solely an electronic address, in a country in 
which the Foreign Bank is authorized to conduct banking activities; (ii) the Foreign Bank 
maintains operating records related to its banking activities; (iii) the Foreign Bank is 
subject to inspection by the banking authority that licensed the Foreign Bank to conduct 
its banking activities; and (iv) the Foreign Bank does not provide banking services to any 
other Foreign Bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is 
not a regulated affiliate; 

 
xvi. you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, 

transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, 
blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token 
storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; 

 
xvii. you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any 

ADITUS Tokens, there are risks associated with Aditus and its businesses and 
operations, ADITUS Tokens, the ADITUS platform or protocol and the ITS; 

 
xviii. you bear the sole responsibility to determine what tax implications purchasing ADITUS 

Tokens may have for you and agree not to hold Aditus or any other person involved in 
the ITS liable for any tax liability associated with or arising therefrom; 

 
xix. you agree and acknowledge that Aditus is not liable for any direct, indirect, special, 

incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise 
(including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), 
arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this White Paper or 
any part thereof by you;  

 
xx. you waive the right to participate in a class action lawsuit or a class wide arbitration 

against Aditus and/or any person involved in the ITS and/or with the creation and 
distribution of ADITUS Tokens; and 

 
xxi. all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-

misleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this White 
Paper or such part thereof (as the case may be). 

 
CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 



	

	 34 

All statements contained in this White Paper, statements made in press releases or in any place 
accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by Aditus or its directors, 
executive officers or employees acting on behalf of Aditus (as the case may be), that are not 
statements of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking statements”. Some of these statements 
can be identified by forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, 
“estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”, “project”, “should”, 
“would”, “will” or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of 
identifying forward-looking statements. All statements regarding Aditus’s business strategies, 
plans and prospects and the future prospects of the industry which Aditus is in are forward-
looking statements. These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements 
as to Aditus’s prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters 
discussed in this White Paper regarding Aditus are matters that are not historic facts, but only 
predictions. 
 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Aditus to be 
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or 
implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, amongst others: 
 
(a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, 

and the regulatory environment in the countries in which Aditus conducts its business 
and operations; 

 
(b) the risk that Aditus may be unable to execute or implement its business strategies and 

future plans; 
 
(c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; 
 
(d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of Aditus and 

the Aditus platform; 
 
(e) changes in the availability and fees payable to Aditus in connection with its businesses 

and operations or on the Aditus platform; 
 
(f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by Aditus to 

operate their respective businesses and operations; 
 
(g) changes in preferences of users of the Aditus platform; 
 
(h) changes in competitive conditions under which Aditus operates, and the ability of Aditus 

to compete under such conditions; 
 
(i) changes in the future capital needs of Aditus and the availability of financing and capital 

to fund such needs; 
 
(j) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism; 
 
(k) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the 

businesses and/or operations of Aditus; 
 
(l) other factors beyond the control of Aditus; and 
 
(m) any risk and uncertainties associated with Aditus and its business and operations, the 

ADITUS Tokens, the Aditus platform or protocol and the ITS. 
 
All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to Aditus or persons acting on behalf of 
Aditus are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and uncertainties 



	

	 35 

that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Aditus to be materially 
different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this 
White Paper, undue reliance must not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking 
statements are applicable only as of the date of this White Paper. 
 
Neither Aditus nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual 
future results, performance or achievements of Aditus will be as discussed in those forward-
looking statements. The actual results, performance or achievements of Aditus may differ 
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 
 
Nothing contained in this White Paper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or 
undertaking as to the future performance or policies of Aditus. 
 
Further, Aditus disclaims any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking statements or 
publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future 
developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other 
events occur in the future. 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS 
 
This White Paper includes information obtained from various third party sources (“Third Party 
Information”). None of the publishers of the Third Party Information has consented to the 
inclusion of the Third Party Information in this White Paper and is therefore not liable for the Third 
Party Information. While Aditus has taken reasonable action to ensure that the Third Party 
Information have been included in their proper form and context, neither Aditus, nor its directors, 
executive officers and employees acting on its behalf, has independently verified the accuracy, 
reliability, completeness of the contents, or ascertained any applicable underlying assumption, of 
the relevant Third Party Information. Consequently, neither Aditus nor its directors, executive 
officers and employees acting on their behalf makes any representation or warranty as to the 
accuracy, reliability or completeness of such information and shall not be obliged to provide any 
updates on the same. 
 
TERMS USED 
 
To facilitate a better understanding of the ADITUS Tokens being offered for purchase by Aditus, 
and the businesses and operations of Aditus, certain technical terms and abbreviations, as well 
as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have been used in this White Paper. These 
descriptions and assigned meanings should not be treated as being definitive of their meanings 
and may not correspond to standard industry meanings or usage. 
 
Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and 
words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter 
genders and vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations. 
 
NO ADVICE 
 
No information in this White Paper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax 
advice regarding Aditus, the ADITUS Tokens, the Aditus platform or protocol, or the ITS. You 
should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional advisor regarding Aditus and 
its business and operations, the ADITUS Tokens, the Aditus platform or protocol, and the ITS. 
You should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any exchange for of 
ADITUS Tokens for an indefinite period of time. 
 
NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE 
 
No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained in 
this White Paper in connection with Aditus and its business and operations, the ADITUS Tokens, 



	

	 36 

the Aditus platform or protocol, or the ITS and, if given, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of Aditus. The ITS shall not, under 
any circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or 
implication that there has been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve a material 
change in the affairs, conditions and prospects of Aditus or in any statement of fact or 
information contained in this White Paper since the date hereof. 
 
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION 
 
The distribution or dissemination of this White Paper or any part thereof may be prohibited or 
restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where 
any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which 
are applicable to your possession of this White Paper or such part thereof (as the case may be) 
at your own expense and without liability to Aditus. 
 
Persons to whom a copy of this White Paper has been distributed or disseminated, provided 
access to or who otherwise have the White Paper in their possession shall not circulate it to any 
other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this White Paper or any information contained 
herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur. 
 
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 
 
Prospective purchasers of ADITUS Tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and 
uncertainties associated with Aditus and its business and operations, the ADITUS Tokens, the 
Aditus platform or protocol, and the ITS,  and all information set out in this White Paper and the 
T&Cs prior to any purchase of the ADITUS Tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties 
develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects of Aditus could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all 
or part of the value of the ADITUS Tokens.  
 
 
 
 
 
 


