



































Blockchain for Airline Passengers Safety

Blockchain for Aviation Safety



Aeron — the new standard of aviation 
safety powered by blockchain

 v 1.08 
Mar 1, 2018



3

Konstantin is a certified pilot and passionate aviation enthusiast. 
Co-founder of aerotrips.com — aviation portal for pilots and flight schools.

Nadezhda is a pilot and an aircraft operation and air traffic management 
engineer with over 11 years of experience.

Nadezda Barkanova
CTO

Konstantin Gertman
CDO

Because passengers’ lives is our first priority.—

We are aviation professionals. For 11 years 
we pilot aircrafts, develop flight crew training 
programs and aeronautical databases. Our 
newest blockchain based innovation is creating 
the future of aviation safety. Why?

https://aerotrips.com


Table of Contents

4

Aviation market

The Future of Aviation

Problems & Solutions

Advantages of blockchain

How it works

Pilot Application

Company Application

aerotrips. com

Logs under control

Aeron Features

Aeron Benchmarking

Token Functions & Benefits

Why we do Token Sale?

Token Functionality

Token Sale Process

Aviation on Blockchain

Budget allocation

6

8

9

11

12

13

14

15

16

19

20

21

21

22

26

27

28

Roadmap 29



5

Our Clients

Canvas business model

Team

Advisory Board

Communities

Conclusion

Terms and Conditions

31

32

33

36

39

40

41



Aviation market

104,171,935 passengers passed through the Hartsfield–Jackson International Airport in 2016

Today more than ever, despite financial uncertainty, 
young people are saving up to travel around the world.

With modern technology evolving everyday, we take a lot of things for 
granted. We often forget how convenient travel is today. Aviation plays 
a bigger role in our lives than one might imagine. Think about this: nearly 63 
million jobs are provided by air travel, making aviation a key component in 
global business. Aside from the economy factor, today more than ever people 
are willing to invest their savings into traveling as opposed to spend money 
shopping or going out locally. Young people in their 20”s and 30”s see travel 
as the best investment of their money, in exchange for cultural experiences. 
According to the United Nations, young people generate $180 billion annually 
in tourism revenue. What’s surprising is that today more than ever people are 
willing to travel despite any economic uncertainty. Reason being, tourists 
want to see and explore as many different cultures as they can, something 
they can’t do from the comfort of their own home.

6

—



Tourism is quickly becoming the world's largest industry and air transport 
plays a vital role in supporting this sector. Conservative analysis suggests 
that aviation supports $892.4 billion in economic activity within the tourism 
industry.

5,500 flights using alternative fuel

104,000 flights
Every day, 104,000 flights take off and 
9.8 million passengers travel

Over 5,500 flights using sustainable 
alternative fuel are expected to be made 
by the end of 2018

The Middle East is forecasted to be the 
fastest growing region for air traffic in the 
next 20 years, followed by Africa, Asia-Pacific 
and Latin America.

World fleet to double in size 
over the next 20 years

Boeing aviation market outlook

3.57 billion passengers
3.57 billion passengers were 
carried by airlines in 2017

99.1 million jobs
By 2037, it is expected that 
aviation will support 99.1 
million jobs worldwide

The average occupancy of an 
aircraft is 80% higher than 
other modes of transport

7

1,720
2,930

19,880

40,630

Passenger fleet

Freighter fleet

2017
21,600 fleet 43,560 fleet

2037



8

Uber plans to test flying cars by 2020

Successful landing 
of Falcon 9 in 2017

The Future of Aviation
Going even further, aviation has developed much further than we ever 
thought it could. Private space travel is already today’s reality. In 2001, Dennis 
Tito got to experience travelling to space, and as he would recall ten years 
later, it was the happiest day of his life. With constantly evolving technology 
space travel will become more accessible soon enough. Richard Branson 
launched Virgin Galactic in 2004. The company offers suborbital space flights 
to tourists, as well as suborbital launches for science missions. Another 
breakthrough in space technology was developed by Elon Musk. SpaceX,
founded in 2002, became the first provider to be able 
to launch and recover a spacecraft from orbit. We 
can only expect that space tourism will become the 
next most wanted attraction in no time. According 
to Wired, Uber's flying cars could arrive in Dubai 
and Texas by 2020. More importantly, Uber has 
signed deals with five companies that are developing 
electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft: 
Pentagon-backed Aurora Flight Sciences, electric 
plane maker Pipistrel, Bell Helicopter, Embraer, and 
small plane maker Mooney.



Problems & Solutions
Despite the fact that we came so far in exploring space, there are still issues 
to be dealt with in air travel. With over 100,000 flights made daily, serving 
over 2 million people, safety is still a major concern.

Accidents related to air transport average 
to about 3302 yearly, mainly due
to human factor

We looked at several common problems. The key problems are that pilots may 
lack experience they claim, as flight log records can be easily forged. This 
problem is worsened by “pay to fly” practices, offered to pilots who would not 
have been hired otherwise. Flight schools may be corrupt to help pilots put 
in hours on paper. Aircraft operators  also contribute to the problem by often 
underreporting the flight hours, saving huge maintenance costs for the 
aircraft. With quickly developing technology, aside from human factors, we 
also face database intrusion, resulting in modification or distortion of data. 

With so many systems in play—airlines alone house data in many isolated 
systems from passenger service to crew management—data exchange is not 
always smooth. In the airline industry, not only are operational integrity and 
revenue generation at stake when something goes wrong, but even more 
importantly, so is safety and security.

Protecting data privacy is a clear issue when it comes to passenger records, 
flight manifests and crew information. Not to mention the security 
implications that are in play today if this data is not properly protected. 
Blockchain technology with a security wrapper creates a very different and 
less risky, yet transparent approach to managing and sharing this 
information through the use of authorized access requirements.

9



Blockchain technology can transform pilot and aircraft maintenance logs, 
which at best are in cumbersome databases and, at worst, are in paper 
binders. The blockchain will ensure that spare parts procured are legitimate 
and can offer a “virtual copy” immutable record of the provenance of every 
part on the plane, every time it has been handled and by whom, from the 
beginning of the aircraft’s existence. This visibility is profound, and can take 
the practice of aircraft maintenance, safety and security to new levels.

cryptocoinsnews.com

accenture.com

internationalairportreview.com

10

“Blockchain will revolutionise the aviation and airport 
industry.”

“Blockchain technology can create new efficiencies 
and services models for airlines.”

“Blockchain technology can improve
the airline industry”

Completely new level of security, 
established by blockchain

https://www.internationalairportreview.com/news/26374/technology-revolutionise-aviation-2017/
https://www.accenture.com/us-en/insight-potential-blockchain-technology-for-airlines
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/blockchain-technology-can-improve-airline-industry/


is the new standard of aviation safety
Falsification of data would be no longer a concern with the development of 
blockchain. Advantages of the blockchain system are that information is 
safely stored and completely transparent to all the users. It is secured by 
a multi-sig authentication system, preventing any alteration of vital data.

Our aim is to create “airline in a pocket” — a smart blockchain based solution. 
The way it works is simple. The pilot’s application is used by a pilot for 
personal flight logging. The company application collects and verifies data 
from aircraft operators, maintenance organizations, flight schools and fixed 
base operators. In case of any mismatch in data between any Aeron data 
source with either the Air Traffic Control, pilot, or operator, aviation 
authorities can quickly detect and eliminate the problem. Aviation authorities 
can also detect any pilots operating with an expired license.  As a consumer, 
or flight school student, you have access to the verified global database 
through aerotrips.com. Blockchain can really make a difference. Air travel is 
for everyone, and it is beneficial for every single person to get involved in 
making trips safer. 

11

Advantages of blockchain
A solid, distributed, inviolable and cryptographically secure database.

The chain of blocks stores the encrypted code of the documents, and once 
saved, the data is recorded forever.

The perfect place to store property rights, credentials, identities (of objects 
or people), agreements between parties, transmissions and transactions.

No one can falsify, bribe or hack the data inscribed in the blocks 
of blockchain. Transaction hisory is transparent to all users.

Blockchain supports Smart Contracts, which is a computer protocol 
that facilitates, verifies, enforces agreements and execution of a contract 
in an automatic and transparent way.

https://aerotrips.com


Blockchain Trusted Data Repository

How it works

In case of any mismatch in data between any 
Aeron data source with either the ATC, pilot, 
or operator, aviation authorities can quickly 
detect and eliminate the problem. Aviation 
authorities can also detect any pilots operating 
with an expired license.

12 ATC  — Air Traffic Control



Pilot opens the mobile application 
(iOS or Android)

Pilot selects “new flight”

Pilot select the Aircraft, enters FROM 
and TO airfield codes and OUT time

Application tracks location during flight and 
records the flight track

Once the flight is completed, IN time is recorded

Pilot is offered choices of FBO  services at his 
destination airfield, featured or discounted 
services are highlighted

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 1

Use case

Pilot Application

New flight entry in Pilot App

Pilot has a choice to purchase certain services 
from his application

Once the flight is submitted to blockchain, its 
status can be viewed, whether validated against 
AC operator  log (for the same Aircraft) and ATC 
data (once the automated ATC data processing 
with Data Hub is set up)

Historical records are available to the pilot for 
review, analysis and statistic summaries

7. 

8. 

9.

Value to the Pilot: convenient logging application, compliance and 
transparency for aviation authorities, improved public trust in 
pilot experience, discounted FBO services and ability to pay with 
cryptocurrency, as well as an aerotrips.com club membership

13

2 3

FBO  — Fixed Base Operator,  AC  — Aircraft, 
ATC  — Air Traffic Control

1 2

3

https://aerotrips.com


Company employee opens the mobile application 
(iOS or Android)

User receives data about completed flight from 
server (tracked by Pilot App)

User adds information about oil, refueling, and 
remarks on the technical condition of the Aircraft 

User can assign a task to a technical specialist 
or maintenance organization for AC  service

User can manage Aircraft bookings through 
the application

1

1. 

2.

3. 

4. 

5. 

Company Application

Value to the Company: convenient logging application, compliance 
and transparency for aviation authorities, easy aircraft booking 
system, aircraft management and maintenance, inflow of new 
customers introduced through the application

14

Use case

Flight information in Company App

User can add other company services, which 
pilots can order through the application

Once the flight is submitted to blockchain, it’s 
status can be viewed, whether validated against 
Pilot log (for the same Aircraft) and ATC  data 
(once the automated ATC data processing with 
Data Hub is set up)

Historical records are available to the company 
for review, analysis, and statistic summaries

AC  — Aircraft,  ATC  — Air Traffic Control1 2

7.

8. 

9.

2



Passenger opens web portal at aerotrips.com

He/she is seeking options for demo flights 
around a certain location

Offers from local flight schools and private 
pilots are shown on the map

Pilots with flight logs validated with Aeron 
solution are highlighted (with a trust icon)

Passenger can select the best offers (based 
on flight time, cost, etc) and perform booking

1. 

2.

3. 

4. 

5. 

Booking can be paid online with fiat 
or cryptocurrency

He/she receives a booking confirmation

Once the flight is completed, passenger can 
submit a report and feedback

Booked flight data is validated against logs 
submitted by the pilot and pilot’s experience 
on web portal is updated

6.

7.

8. 

9.

Passenger Use case

aerotrips.com

Beta version of aerotrips.com

Value to the Passenger: access to the global database of flight 
offers, including Air Taxi & Charters, Flight Tours & Excursions, 
pilots with validated experience, an ability to pay with 
cryptocurrency, and an aerotrips.com club membership

15

https://aerotrips.com
https://aerotrips.com


National aviation authorities have no universal mechanism to control 
integrity and authenticity of the pilot logs electronically. There are no 
international standards or comprehensive technology for electronic logging. 
Each country maintains its own log book formats and establishes national 
rules for processing and validation of the logs. The legacy system is not 
equipped to handle the ever-increasing number and variety of small aircraft 
and licensed private pilots operating worldwide. This leads to a less than 
optimal experience for many people involved.

Aeron has a solution to this logging conundrum based on blockchain 
technology. It will enable an online system relying on Aeron database, built 
on Ethereum blockchain to track aircraft and pilot log records, as well as ARN, 
a utility token to enable the development of a thriving, self-sustaining 
ecosystem around the database and token holders. True “airline in a pocket” 
featuring integrity, reliability and easy validation.

16

Logs under control

Till date, pilot logs mainly exist in paper form with manual signatures and stamps.



We believe that aviation safety is closely related to record integrity. Once 
the log records are stored in blockchain, available for public audit and can’t 
be forged, both authorities and passengers can be confident that a pilot 
actually has the experience claimed. Taking this a step further, the same 
system can be applied to aircraft maintenance records and tracking of spare 
parts, to confirm that spare parts are authentic, maintenance has been 
performed according to standards and there are no shortcuts.

The system described above could be supported by smart contracts that 
contain various log records, as well as execute rental deeds or charters 
for the aircraft, or cost sharing agreements between private pilots and their 
passengers; combined with a sleek user interface to allow for engagement 
with the blockchain, and a defined protocol to ensure transactions occur 
in compliance with local regulations. Aeron (ARN) utility token would 
be required for write access to the Aeron database and other on-chain events.

Aeron token would also have a real-world application, as it could 
be envisaged as a means of payment for small aircraft charters 
or promotional leisure flights, with aircraft owners having signed 
up for partnership arrangements with Aeron.

Aeron will work with national aviation authorities and international aviation 
agencies including EASA and FAA, to promote acceptance of the electronic 
log records based on blockchain, to demonstrate integrity, reliability and 
transparency of record keeping. A smart phone application will ultimately 
replace obsolete paper records and would gain a global acceptance, enabling 
a single point of reference for licensed private pilots, aircraft owners and 
operators, aviation enthusiasts and general public interested in aircraft 
charters, leisure flights and pilot training.

17



18

Making blockchain 
services for aviation real
Blockchain for aviation incubator. Growth hack worldwide aviation 
strartups on blockchain: connect aviation authorities and industry 
vision and blockchain developers’ potential.

Education. Educate aviation companies on blockchain integration.

Blockchain aviation consultancy. Help major vendors, parts 
manufacturers and airlines to implement blockchain in their business.

Blockchain for Aviation Safety



Aeron Features 

You can be confident 
in the  experience of your pilot 
or flight instructor

Your aircraft has a transparent 
maintenance history stored in 

blockchain, increasing resale value

You data is automatically 
matched from multiple log data 
sources, eliminating fake entries 

You can easily find options 
for aircraft charters, leisure flights, 
and pilot training

With Aeron flight safety is enhanced

You as a pilot can validate 
your flight experience, facilitating 
career progression 

Your log records cannot 
be lost or damaged

You can pay for flights, 
AM and FBO services with 
cryptocurrencies using mobile app

You get discounts for flights, 
AM and FBO services with the loyalty/
membership program

19 AM — Aircraft Maintenance, FBO – Fixed Base Operators 



Aeron has an innovative solution based on blockchain technology. 
It will enable an online system relying on Aeron database, built on Ethereum 
blockchain to track aircraft and pilot log records.

Reliability
records can’t be lost

Convenience
easy entry and viewing

Transparency
records auditable

Validation
records can’t be forged

Aeron 
Benchmarking

Traditional paper 
logbooks

Logging applications 
with local database

Logging applications 
with cloud database

Aeron solution with
blockchain interface

20



There are many arguments why we have chosen to do the token sale 
instead of alternatives ways to raise money:

First, a token sale not only allows us to onboard participants from different 
regions but also to incentivise them to promote Aeron’s products. 

Second, tokens provide liquidity since they can be traded on various 
exchanges after the token sale. Participants can liquidate their position 
and benefit from growth of token market value. 

Finally, the token smart contract enables easy distribution of tokens to 
participants, instant payments with tokens, security and transparency, which 
would be hard to achieve without usage of blockchain technology. 

We introduce Aeron (ARN), an ERC20 compliant Ethereum based token, with 
a fixed supply of 20,000,000 ARN. During the token launch, a fixed amount of 
ARN is created, and afterwards no more tokens shall be minted. Aeron utility 
tokens are created to fund development and marketing of the Aeron project 
with associated distributed database, online portal and applications, as 
described in this document. 

Aeron is built on the ERC20 token standard
with a fixed supply of 20,000,000 ARN
Because Aeron is built on the ERC20 token standard, it allows for simple 
integration into users’ wallets and is freely tradeable via direct transfers or 
via smart contracts. It is possible that Aeron token could also be added to 
cryptocurrency exchanges.

21

Why we do Token Sale?

Token Functions & Benefits



The total supply of ARN will slowly decrease over time, as tokens are taken 
out of circulation, for example, when someone with ARN loses their private 
keys, therefore, ARN will be effectively deflationary. Once Aeron receives ARN 
for services rendered, the tokens will be put back into the circulation.

As a primary utility, for write access to database with signing log entries and 
validation on the blockchain, Aeron will charge a transaction fee in ARN. 

To incentivise participation in the ecosystem and expand our reach, we will 
offer a seed quantity of Aeron tokens to flight schools, aircraft operators and 
aviation companies signing up with Aeron. Once seed tokens are exhausted 
we expect a steady demand for tokens from the users. Compared to fiat based 
payments for Aeron fees and commissions, we will offer discounts should 
the fees be paid in ARN, facilitating further demand. As an example, once 
a fixed base operator at a certain airfield renders services (refueling, etc) 
to a pilot referred by Aeron, commission can be paid in ARN with a 20—30 % 
discount. Aeron tokens will be the currency of aerotrips. com club, offering 
premium access to offers from aviation companies, special incentives and 
discounts. 

22

Aeron (ARN) utility token will be incorporated in Aeron products. It helps 
to enhance product usage, allow contribution to the ecosystem, product 
access and ownership. ARN is a bootstrapping engagement. While the token 
will enable access to valuable features within the Aeron platform, it won’t be 
limited by the Aeron mobile applications. Aeron token can be utilized for 
the following purposes, creating revenue streams for Aeron and offering 
additional benefits to the token holders: 

Subscription fee / Transaction based fee for log entries

Commission on paid services (in fiat or ARN tokens)

Commission on intermediation and client introductions

Currency (mean of payment) for buying aviation services

Unlock access to flight schools, offers from pilots and aviation companies

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

Token Functionality 



We created ARN with a clear vision that token must work, must be viable, 
secure, well funded, inflation protected, work better than other coins and do 
something unique as well. These are key elements to the solid foundation. 
More of that, we believe that ARN will bring improvements to society as well 
as short and long term gains to investors.

As a long term vision, at the first stage of project development ARN tokens 
would be used within the Aeron platform, and at the second — they will 
became the standard token in aviation. Roadmap for Aeron token application 
is the following: 

After token sale ARN will be listed on cryptocurrency exchanges, providing 
liquidity. Major exchanges already on board are Binance and HitBTC, with 
others on negotiation stage.

23

First stage (2018-2019/Q1)

Second stage (2019/Q2-2020)

The Aeron token contract address will be published at https://aeron.aero.

Unlock access 
to flight schools, 
offers from 
pilots…

Buying access 
to premium app 
features

Currency for 
buying aviation 
services

Membership 
club and access 
to discounts

Currency for 
buying aviation 
supplies

https://aeron.aero
https://hitbtc.com
https://www.binance.com


2018

B2B

2019

B2B + B2C

2020

B2B + B2C

Aeron user base

0

100 000

200 000

300 000

400 000

Consumer market would drive us to constantly develop new features within 
Aeron platform and perform marketing campaigns addressed to specific 
niches Functional expansion will help to power Aeron’s vision of building an 
“airline in the pocket”. 

Demand for Aeron services from consumer market will directly in fluence 
aviation professionals. They will use Aeron more frequently and more 
responsibly. At that, B2C market would boost B2B market, so more 
companies will integrate Aeron platform to fulfil consumer demand. 

It will make a positive impact on ARN token value, as a utility token for 
aviation professionals to access the range of Aeron services offerings.

24



Pilots

Airlines

Flight School & Clubs 

Aircraft comm.

Aircraft Private

30

150

3 000

1 000

1 000

150

3 250 000

2 226

5 000

30 000

336 000

2018

Client Base, users

Services & Pricing, $ per year
Pilot Logbook Keeping 

Additional Services for Pilots 

Airline Business Account 

Services For Flight Clubs 

Comm. Aircraft Tech. Logs 

Private Aircraft Tech. Logs

Total Revenue

25

2019 2020 2021 2022

32 500

22

50

300

3 360

975 000

487 500

66 780

50 000

300 000

504 000

2 383 280

162 500

111

250

1 500

16 800

4 875 000

2 437 500

333 900

250 000

1 500 000

2 520 000

11 916 400

325 000

223

500

3 000

33 600

9 750 000

4 875 000

667 800

500 000

3 000 000

5 040 000

23 832 800

487 500

334

750

4 500

50 400

14 625 000

7 312 500

1 001 700

750 000

4 500 000

7 560 000

35 749 200

650 000

445

1 000

6 000

67 200

19 500 000

9 750 000

1 335 600

1 000 000

6 000 000

10 080 000

47 665 600

Aeron
Projections



The token sale will be offered until all 12,000,000 ARN have been distributed. 
Early buyers  will receive special bonuses connected to the timing and 
amount of purchase.

The ARN distributed and remaining can be tracked at https://aeron.aero 
during general sale. Please register at https://tokensale.aeron.aero/register/ 
to purchase ARN tokens.

For further queries related to token sale process, refer to FAQ 
at https://aeron.aero/faq.html
Tokens will be released to the Ethereum ERC20 compatible wallets of the 
buyers specified during the sale process, once the sale is closed tentatively 
by November 2017. There will be no lock-up for any of the ARN tokens 
purchased in either presale or the general sale. 

26

20% of the tokens will be allocated for network growth to incentivise 
participation in the ecosystem. Worldwide marketing activities and 
government relations would increase Aeron’s market presence. 

18% of the tokens will be retained for the development and 
management team, whose work makes Aeron possible. 

Remaining 2% of the tokens will be used to cover administrative costs 
of the token sale.

Token Sale Process
60% of the fixed 20,000,000 ARN supply are being offered for sale, equating to 
12,000,000 ARN. These will be sold in two stages with limited presale, 
followed by the general sale. ARN can be obtained online at a price per token 
of 1 ARN = $0.5 (fifty US cents) with payment in cryptocurrencies accounted at 
a current exchange rate at the date of transaction. Bitcoin (“BTC”) and Ether 
(“ETH”) will be the only methods of payment accepted in the general sale.

The remaining 40% of the fixed supply (8,000,000 ARN) are not available via 
the token sale and will be allocated as follows: 

https://aeron.aero
https://tokensale.aeron.aero/register/
https://aeron.aero/faq.html


27

Aeron connect various entities. Pilots, flight schools, aviation companies, 
airlines, aircraft operators and maintenance companies and other businesses 
will be involved in one network.

We envisage the Aeron platform can add value as follows:

Transparent relationship between aviation businesses;

Fast transactional speed;

No intermediaries;

High level of security;

Trustful and verifiable records.

Aviation on Blockchain



Budget allocation

40%

30% 

10% 

10%

5% 

5% 

Research & Development

Marketing & Promotion

Technology Infrastructure

Lobbyng with Authorities

Legal Consultancy

Administration

28



29

Roadmap
We recognize the significant complexity of blockchain technology and are 
building a multi-stage Aeron solution to be phased in over time. The Aeron 
team works actively on several fronts to ensure that we are building the 
correct solution that can solve the real problems of stakeholders, while also 
complying with all regulations. 

Ultimately, we would like to extend our solution to contribute to flight safety, 
by recording the aircraft maintenance events and tracking the spare parts. 
This requires close cooperation with maintenance organizations and spare 
parts manufacturers worldwide, turning the Aeron database into a reference 
for verifying parts authenticity.

Online Portal
aerotrips.com

No blockchain

Traditional payment 
system on portal

Global database

—

Status: Live and 
active users

Live Today Short-Term Long-Term

Application Beta
and Online Portal

Partially 
decentralized

Traditional and 
cryptocurrency 
payments

Global database

Application 
in Europe

Status: Concept 
development

Application
and Online Portal

Fully 
decentralized

Traditional and 
cryptocurrency 
payments

Global database

Application 
globally

Status:
R&D assessment

https://aerotrips.com


Aeron Roadmap

30

AM — Aircraft Maintenance

FBO – Fixed Base Operator 

EMEA —  Europe, Middle East and Africa

flight schools, AM and Fixed 
base operators

Concept development 
for Aeron ecosystem

Lobbying with Aviation 
Authorities

Business development 
EMEA: negotiation & deals 

with Authorities

Big Data research launch

aerotrips.com consumer 
portal development

Token payments for 
aerotrips.com services

aerotrips.com integration 
with blockchain

aerotrips.com consumer 
portal for aviation launch

aeron.aero public 
presentation

Aviation Authority
portal development

Building global flight school, 
AM and FBO database

Aeron token sale



Revenue Streams

Aeron has a simple and scalable business model. When any transaction 
involving a payment between counterparts is concluded (for example, service 
provided by a fixed based operator to a pilot introduced by Aeron, an aircraft 
charter or a leisure flight booking), Aeron takes a small percentage (starting 
from 2% and averaging ~5%) of the total consideration payable by the user. 
The payments are initially processed by the traditional payment system on 
the online portal, in fiat, and cryptocurrencies will be added as a means of 
payment for the jurisdictions where possible. Payment would also be made 
possible with ARN tokens, as introduced earlier in this document. For write 
access to database with signing log entries and validation on the blockchain, 
Aeron will charge a small transactional fee.

31

Our Clients

Student Pilot

Private Pilot

Commercial Pilot

Flight Instructor

Flight Examiner

Flight Schools

Aircraft Operators

Maintanance Organizations

Aviation Authorities

Fixed Base Operators



Canvas business model

32

Key
partners
Key
partners

Aviation 
Authorities

FAA

EASA

National 
Authorities

R&D
Legal Consultancy
Administration

Marketing & Promotion
Technology Infrastructure
Lobbyng with Authorities

Subscription fee / Transaction based fee for log entries
Commission on paid services (in fiat or ARN tokens)
Commission on intermediation and client introductions

Building and 
administration 
of infrastructure

GR, Lobbying 
and Marketing

Aeron —
the new standard 
of aviation safety 
powered by 
blockchain

aeron.aero

aerotrips.com

Pilot 
Application 

Company 
Application

Student Pilot
Private Pilot
Commercial Pilot
Flight Instructor
Flight Examiner

Flight Schools

Aircraft Operators

Maintanance 
Organizations

Fixed Base 
Operators

Cost structure Revenue streams

Key
activities

Value
proposition

Channels Clients

https://aeron.aero
https://aerotrips.com


33

Team of certified pilots, aviation 

engineers and developers

Artem Orange

CEO

Artem has more than 15 years of experience in telecoms and 
finance. Ex-CEO of two national cellular operators and a serial 
entrepreneur in hi-tech industries. Aviation enthusiast and 
a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder since 2009.

LinkedIn!

Nadezhda Barkanova

CTO

Nadezhda is an aircraft operation and air traffic management 
engineer with over 11 years of experience, specializing in full 
cycle of production aeronautical databases, flight crew training 
programs, flight simulators and computer based training 
development. EASA PPL(A) holder since 2013.

LinkedIn!

Konstantin Gertman

CDO
Konstantin has 14 years of experience in consulting, market 
research and financial businesses. Master of Science in 
Banking and Finance. A passionate small aviation enthusiast 
and Co-founder of aerotrips.com, EASA certified pilot since 2013.

LinkedIn!

http://www.linkedin.com/in/artemorange
http://www.linkedin.com/in/nadezhda-barkanova-33b83a1b
http://www.linkedin.com/in/konstantin-gertman-3684891
https://aerotrips.com


34

Pavel Liplianin
Product/Community Manager
Pavel is a specialist in stochastic analysis applications in 
financial markets, big data analysis and machine learning. 
Mathematician by education, ex-CTO in a consulting company 
specializing in operations excellence.

LinkedIn!

LinkedIn!

Ali Badeea
Business Development MEA

Ali started as a contractor in Titan Corps military ops division. 
Continued carrer as UN and military logistics agent and 
entrepreneur, with over 12 years experience in logistics 
management and finance. EASA certified pilot since 2011.

Dmitri Prokopenko
Business Development China

Dmitri is a long term resident of China. Fluent in Mandarin, 
founder of several language schools and ex-CEO of Water 
Energy, a new energy startup in Xiamen. Crypto analyst and 
investor, supporting projects like TenX, IOTA, LBC and Steem.

! LinkedIn

! LinkedIn

Dmitry Bezkorovainyi
Application Lead

Dmitry offers 10 years experience in web services and mobile 
app development. With background in financial web services 
development and integration, Dmitry has a particuar focus on 
driving mobile application lifecycle for Aeron.

Telegram

https://www.linkedin.com/in/pavel-liplianin-3369654/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ali-albadeea-ab4729143
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitri-prokopenko-863a35104
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dbezkorovainy
https://t.me/plumumba


35

Kateryna Starcheus
Product Designer

Kate is a seasoned Product Designer with more than 10 years of 
experience in UX and UI design. A fullstack designer, 
specialized on startups, usability consultant, lecturer and 
author of UX courses.

LinkedIn!

Maria Shirokova
Public Relations Manager

Maria is a manager focused on public relations with over 7 
years experience in IT. Formerly corporate communications 
manager at Kaspersky Lab, one of the world's leading 
information security companies, Maria helps Aeron to drive 
communications and build brand awareness in the media.

! LinkedIn

! LinkedIn

Andrii Bulavinov
Blockchain Lead

Andrii is a software developer and manager with over 15 years 
hands-on experience. Blockchain researcher, responsible for 
implementation on Ethereum and Stellar platforms as storage 
infrastructure and smart contracts transaction protocol.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/uiuxwebdesigner
https://www.linkedin.com/in/andriibulavinov
https://www.linkedin.com/in/maria-shirokova-48b71931


36

Advisory Board

Philip McMaster (大龙), Beijing, China
Brand Ambassador

Philip is well known in the Chinese and world blockchain 
space as the creator of the Republic Of Conscience. He 
advises on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) strategy 
and compliance as well as human transportation 
efficiency. Former MBA lecturer in top Canadian and Hong 
Kong business schools, publisher and executive in the 
aerospace and media industry as well as certification 
program developer for governments and tourism 
companies.

Philip is concerned with helping Aeron lead the general 
aviation industry in setting the immutable standard in 
safety and sustainability.

LinkedIn!

Constantinos Kozakos, Limassol, Cyprus
Aviation Advisor

Constantinos is a Managing Director at Griffon Aviation, 
the first licensed flight school on Cyprus offering 
complete range of pilot courses: from basic to advanced 
Flight Instructor ratings. A Chartered Accountant (FCCA) 
and Auditor by profession, Constantinos offers a unique 
angle, combining extensive knowledge in accountancy 
and compliance with his passion in aviation.

Constantinos supports Aeron in liaison with flight 
schools worldwide, to build awareness and ensure 
recognition of Aeron solution

LinkedIn!

https://www.linkedin.com/in/constantinos-kozakos-316b2a25
https://www.linkedin.com/in/philipmcmaster


37

Dmitrijs Kasjarums, Latvia
Legal Advisor

Dmitrijs a partner of an International consulting 
company Baltconsult. He has more than 12 years 
experience in legal practice: corporate disputes, tax risk 
prevention, immigration law, registration and licensing of 
payment systems, representation of interests of investors 
engaged in a work with startups in the field of 
information technology.

Dmitrijs supports Aeron in legal aspects of the Token 
Sale to ensure compliance and design the robust legal 
platform for Aeron application worldwide.

LinkedIn!

Vladimir Feoktistov, Cyprus
Blockchain Technology Advisor

Vladimir has a master’s degree in physics. He has been 
working as a lead programmer in financial, aerospace and 
data analysis sectors. His biggest project was 
development of the derivatives matching engine and risk 
management systems for Moscow Exchange. Vladimir 
was a CTO of trueflip. io leading a successful ICO and 
developed many other projects related 
to cryprocurrencies and blockchain.

Vladimir helps Aeron to drive technical strategy and 
design architecture of the blockchain based database 
for aviation.

LinkedIn!

https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitrijs-kasjarums-882440134
https://www.linkedin.com/in/vladimir-feoktistov-18b53547


38

Eric Ross, Orlando, USA
Technical Advisor

Eric brings 32 years experience in the defence and 
commercial industries specializing in RF 
communications and electronics systems integration, 
testing and fielding in airborne, land and sea based 
environments.

With 10 years management of a Preventive and Corrective 
Maintenance facility providing customers flightline and 
backshop services, Eric assists Aeron as a Technical 
Advisor.

Alexander Jiung (海边的), Xiamen, China
Advisor Greater China
Alexander is an active blockchain evangelist and 
promoter. With deep knowledge of local blockchain 
enthusiast communities, he is the regular visitor at 
conferences and blockchain related events across Greater 
China and globally. Strong communication skills and 
international exposure help Alexander in fostering lasting 
partnerships.

Alexander is helping Aeron in liaison with local 
Blockchain Clubs across China and in building relevant 
communication strategy.

WeChat

weixin://contacts/profile/crazybug2010


39

Join our communities

Telegram

Twitter

Facebook

Reddit

GitHub

Medium

Bitcoin Talk

https://t.me/aeronaero

https://twitter.com/aeron_aero

https://www.facebook.com/aeronpublic

https://www.reddit.com/r/aeronaero

https://github.com/aeronaero/aeron

https://medium.com/@aeronaero

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2078239.0

https://www.reddit.com/r/aeronaero
https://www.facebook.com/aeronpublic
https://twitter.com/aeron_aero
https://t.me/aeronaero
https://github.com/aeronaero/aeron
https://medium.com/@aeronaero
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2078239.0


Blockchain technology will continue 
to take flight in airlines over the next 
decade. Something that could not have 
been conceived of yesterday, is 
becoming reality today, reducing 
complexity and costs while improving 
the travel journey with real-time 
travel experiences.

—

Conclusion

40



41

Terms and Conditions
This section informs you of the Terms and Conditions governing use of 
the information and functionality offered at www.aeron.aero (“Web site”) 
including this present document. By using the Web site, you agree to be 
bound by these Terms and Conditions.

The Web site does not constitute a prospectus of any sort, is not 
a solicitation for investment and does not pertain in any way to an offering 
of securities in any jurisdiction.

By transferring ETH, BTC, or any other cryptographic tokens 
(“Cryptocurrency”) to obtain Aeron tokens (“ARN” or “ARN tokens”) and/or 
receiving ARN, no form of partnership, joint venture or any similar 
relationship is created between the user and the creators of ARN and/or 
any other individuals involved with the Web site or ARN.

By transferring Cryptocurrency to obtain ARN tokens and/or receiving ARN, 
the user confirms that the user is neither a United States citizen nor 
resident, and the user does not have a primary residence or domicile in 
the United States, including Puerto Rico, the U. S. Virgin Islands, or any 
other territories of the United States, and the user is not acting on behalf of 
United States citizen, resident or entity.

By transferring Cryptocurrency to obtain ARN tokens and/or receiving ARN, 
the user expressly represents and warrants that: 

The user has a deep understanding of the functionality, usage, storage, 
transmission mechanisms and intricacies associated with cryptographic 
tokens and blockchain-based software systems; 

The user has carefully reviewed the code of the smart contract located on 
the Ethereum blockchain at the addresses set forth on the Web site and 
fully understands and accepts the functions implemented therein; 

The user is legally permitted to transfer Cryptocurrency to obtain ARN 
tokens, and is legally permitted to obtain ARN in the user’s jurisdiction; 

The user is legally permitted to receive software and interact with the ARN 
tokens smart contract; 

a.

b.

c.

d.

1.

2.

3.

4.



42

The user is of a sufficient age to legally obtain ARN tokens; 

The user will take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks 
associated with obtaining ARN tokens by the smart contract system; 

The user is not submitting Cryptocurrency to obtain ARN for the purpose of 
speculative investment; 

The user is not obtaining or using ARN for any illegal purposes; 

The user waives the right to participate in a class action lawsuit or a class 
wide arbitration against any entity or individual involved with the Web site 
or with the creation or distribution of ARN tokens; 

The user understands that submitting Cryptocurrency to obtain ARN does 
not involve the purchase of shares or any equivalent in any existing 
or future public or private company, corporation or other entity in any 
jurisdiction; 

The user understands and expressly accepts that there is no warranty 
whatsoever on ARN, expressed or implied, to the extent permitted by law, 
and that the smart contract system is used and ARN are obtained 
at the sole risk of the user on an “as is” basis and without, to the extent 
permitted by law, any warranties of any kind, including, but not limited to, 
warranties of title or implied warranties, merchantability or fitness for 
a particular purpose; 

The user understands that the user has no right against any party 
to request any refund of the Cryptocurrency submitted to obtain ARN 
tokens under any circumstance; 

The user understands that the user bears the sole responsibility 
to determine if the transfer of the Cryptocurrency to obtain ARN tokens, 
the obtaining, ownership, or use of ARN, and/or any other action 
or transaction related to ARN may have tax implications for the user; 

By obtaining, owning or using ARN, and to the extent permitted by law, 
the user agrees not to hold any party liable for any tax liability associated 
with or arising from obtaining, owning or using ARN or any other action 
or transaction related to the Web site. 

e.

f.

g.

h.

i.

j.

k.

l.

m.

n.



The user acknowledges and agrees that, to the fullest extent permitted by 
any applicable law, the user will not hold any developers, contractors or 
creators of ARN tokens and/or the Web site liable for any and all damages 
or injury whatsoever caused by or related to the use of, or the inability to 
use, ARN tokens or the Web site under any cause or action whatsoever of 
any kind in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, actions for 
breach of warranty, breach of contract or tort (including negligence) and 
that developers, contractors or creators of the Web site and/or ARN tokens 
shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or 
consequential damages, including for loss of profits, goodwill or data, in any 
way whatsoever arising out of the use of, or the inability to use the Web site 
and/or ARN tokens. 

By obtaining, holding or using ARN tokens, and to the extent permitted by 
law, the user agrees not to hold any third party (including developers, 
contractors or creators) liable for any regulatory implications or liability 
associated with or arising from obtaining, owning or using ARN or any 
other action or transaction related to the Web site. 

The user understands and accepts that the network of miners will be 
ultimately in control of the ARN tokens smart contract. The user 
understands that a majority of these miners could agree at any point to 
make changes to the official smart contract system and to run the new 
version of the smart contract system. 

The user agrees that if any portion of these Terms and Conditions is found 
illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such provision shall, as to such 
jurisdiction, be ineffective solely to the extent of such determination of 
invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the validity or 
enforceability thereof in any other manner or jurisdiction and without 
affecting the remaining provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which 
shall continue to be in full force and effect. 

These Terms and Conditions are effective as of 1 July 2017 and will remain 
in effect, except with respect to any changes in their provisions in the 
future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted at 
www.aeron.aero/terms.html. The Terms and Conditions can be updated or 
changed at any time and you should check these Terms and Conditions 
periodically. Your continued use of the Web site and/or ARN tokens after 

43

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.



any modifications to the Terms and Conditions are posted at 
www.aeron.aero/terms.html will constitute your acknowledgment of the 
modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified 
Terms and Conditions. For any material changes to these Terms and 
Conditions, we will notify you either through the email address you have 
provided on the Web site, or by placing a prominent notice at 
www.aeron.aero/terms.html.

Most importantly, aviation brings 
people together, enabling social 
connectivity like never before.

Blockchain for 
Aviation Safety

https://t.me/aeronaero
If you have any questions, ask us in Telegram:

© Aeron Labs 2017-2018 info@aeron.aerohttps://aeron.aero

https://aeron.aero/terms.html
https://t.me/aeronaero
https://aeron.aero
https://aeron.aero
mailto:info@aeron.aero



