












































Page | 1                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

 

AFRICUNIA: THIRD GENERATION BLOCKCHAIN CRYPTOCURRENCY SYSTEM 

 

 

 

CRYPTOCURRENCY WHITEPAPER (As amended) 

 

July 2017 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Page | 2                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO REGULATORY AUTHORITIES 

 

THE FUND, THE GENERAL PARTNER OR ANY OF THEIR 
RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, MANAGERS OR AGENTS 
DOMICILED IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS MAY BE COMPELLED TO 
PROVIDE INFORMATION, SUBJECT TO A REQUEST FOR 
INFORMATION MADE BY A REGULATORY OR GOVERNMENTAL 
AUTHORITY OR AGENCY UNDER APPLICABLE LAW (E.G., BY 
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS MONETARY AUTHORITY, EITHER FOR 
ITSELF OR FOR A RECOGNISED OVERSEAS REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY, UNDER THE MONETARY AUTHORITY LAW (AS 
REVISED) OR BY THE TAX INFORMATION AUTHORITY UNDER 
THE TAX INFORMATION AUTHORITY LAW (AS REVISED) OR 
REPORTING OF SAVINGS INCOME INFORMATION (EUROPEAN 
UNION) LAW (AS REVISED) AND ASSOCIATED REGULATIONS, 
AGREEMENTS, ARRANGEMENTS AND MEMORANDA OF 
UNDERSTANDING). DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL 
INFORMATION UNDER SUCH LAWS SHALL NOT BE REGARDED 
AS A BREACH OF ANY DUTY OF CONFIDENTIALITY AND, IN 
CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, THE FUND, THE GENERAL 
PARTNER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS OR 
AGENTS MAY BE PROHIBITED FROM DISCLOSING THAT THE 
REQUEST HAS BEEN MADE. 

 

LIABILITIES AND WAIVERS 
 

This Whitepaper is for information purposes only. We do not guarantee 
the accuracy of or the conclusions reached in this white paper, and this 
whitepaper is provided “as is”. This Whitepaper does not make and 
expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, expressed, 
implied, statutory or otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited 
to: (i) warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, 
suitability, usage, title or non-infringement; (ii) that the contents of this 
whitepaper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not 
infringe third-party rights and its affiliates shall have no liability for 
damages of any kind arising out of the use, reference to, or reliance on 
this whitepaper or any of the content contained herein, even if advised 
of the possibility of such damages. In no event will the team or its 
affiliates be liable to any person or entity for any damages, losses, 



Page | 3                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

liabilities, costs or expenses of any kind, whether direct or indirect, 
consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive or 
special for the use of, reference to, or reliance on this whitepaper or any 
of the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any 
loss of business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill or other 
intangible losses. 
 

The Company makes no representations or warranties (whether 
express or implied), and disclaims all liability arising from any 
information stated in this Whitepaper. In particular, the “Roadmap” as 
set out in the text of this Whitepaper is subject to change, which means 
that The Company is not bound by any representations to the future 
performance and the returns of The Company. The actual results and 
the performance of The Company may differ materially from those set 
out in this Whitepaper. 

Please note that contents of this Whitepaper may be altered or updated 
at any time in future by the project’s management team. The 
Whitepaper has been prepared solely in respect of Initial Coin Offering 
of the tokens. No shares or other securities of the Company are being 
offered in any jurisdiction pursuant to this Whitepaper. This 
Whitepaper does not constitute an offer or invitation to any person to 
subscribe for or purchase shares, rights or any other securities in the 
Company. The shares of the Company are not being presently offered 
to be registered under Securities Act of any country, or under any 
securities laws of any State. The tokens referred to in this whitepaper 
have not been registered, approved, or disapproved by the US 
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), any State Securities 
Commission in the United States or any other regulatory authority nor 
any of the foregoing authorities examined or approved the 
characteristics or the economic realities of this token sale or the 
accuracy or the adequacy of the information contained in this 
Whitepaper under the US Securities act of 1933 as amended, or under 
the securities laws of any State of the United States of America 
jurisdiction. Purchasers of the tokens referred to in this Whitepaper 
should be aware that they bear any risks involved in acquisition of 
AFCASH tokens, if any, for an indefinite period of time. Some of the 
statements in this Whitepaper include forward-looking statements 
which reflect Team Locale's current views with respect to product 



Page | 4                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

development, execution of roadmap, financial performance, business 
strategy and future plans, both with respect to the company and the 
sectors and industries in which the company operates. Statements 
which include the words ''expects'', ''intends'', ''plans'', ''believes'', 
''projects'', ''anticipates'', ''will'', ''targets'', ''aims'', ''may'', ''would'', 
''could'', ''continue'' and similar statements are of a future or forward- 
looking nature. All forward-looking statements address matters that 
involve risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be 
important factors that could cause the group's actual results to differ 
materially from those indicated in these statements. These factors 
include but are not limited to those described in the part of the 
Business Prospectus entitled ''risk factors'', which should be read in 
conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in 
this Whitepaper. Any forward-looking statements in this Whitepaper 
reflects the group's current views with respect to future events and are 
subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating 
to the group's operations, results of operations and growth strategy. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this 
Whitepaper subject to industry acceptable disclosure and transparency 
rules and common practices. The company undertakes no obligation 
publicly to update or review any forward- looking statement, whether 
as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. All 
subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable 
to The Company or individuals acting on behalf of The Company are 
expressly qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. No statement in 
this Whitepaper is intended as a profit forecast and no statement in 
this Whitepaper should be interpreted to mean that the earnings of 
The Company for the current or future years would be as may be 
implied in this Whitepaper. By agreeing to acquire AFCASH tokens I 
hereby acknowledge that I have read and understand the notices and 
disclaimers set out above. 

No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the 
information set out in this Whitepaper. Thus, no action has been or will 
be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any 
jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this 
Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory 
requirements or rules have been complied with. Please refer to our 
Terms & Conditions of participating in The Company's Initial Coin 
Offering (ICO). 



Page | 5                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 

 

The Blockchain is an undeniably ingenious invention and the good news 
is we are developing one. Our Blockchain Technology will Decentralise 
Every System, and would incorporate the following features: scalability, 
flexibility, and usability. It would be expandable, would have SMART 
CONTRACTS with provision for other Blockchain applications and 
business startups to develop off our Blockchain. Africunia Blockchain 
Technology will include browser-based ECOSYSTEM for simplicity and 
adaptability. We are also developing Digital Pass Technology and most 
importantly we will meet Security and USER EXPERIENCE (UX) 
requirements. We are building something on the lines of a Security 
Token (Digital Coin), which would have an additional layer, called the 
legal layer in order to incorporate standardized banking KYC/AML 
protocols, thus we are combining features and attributes of modern 
banking with digital currency. 

 

Since its launch in 2009, the Blockchain Technology together with its 
underlying technologies has triggered tech and social revolution waves 
that have sent ripples across a horde of industries. Today, it is not just 
the financial sector that is using the Blockchain Technology, but other 
industries such as Healthcare Providers, Insurance Companies, 
Governments, and IoT. The applications using the Blockchain 
Technology seem limitless. 
 

One thing is for sure: the Blockchain Technology is here to stay 
just as the internet has over the past two decades. But amidst the 
hype about the Blockchain Technology and the digital currencies, 
their adoption in the mainstream financial industry has been 
disastrous. 
 

Already, several banks have started to develop a foolproof 
methodology and standards that align the technology with responsible 
innovation. In 2016, IMF and the World Bank held a conference that 
was hosted by the U.S Federal Reserve where an estimated 90 Central 
Banks committed themselves to researching into Distributed Ledger 
Technology (DLT), the Blockchain and the digital currencies to create a 
responsible digital currency. 



Page | 6                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

Still, little has been achieved on this front, thereby making the adoption 
of these digital currencies to remain a mirage. Perhaps developing a 
cryptocurrency which is consistent with sound risk management and 
alignment with conventional banks can bridge the gap. If a proper 
legal framework can be developed to guard against regulatory 
uncertainty, then it can act as a catalyst for adoption and use of these 
digital currencies. 

 

That is where AFRICUNIA comes in… 

 

AFRICUNIA is introducing an innovative banking model that allows 
the use of digital currency without hurdles, risks and technical barriers 
linked with owning, transferring, and trading in cryptocurrencies and 
tokens. Open exclusively for investment during ICO, AFRICUNIA is a 
third generation closed-end fund that uses the AFRICUNIA Blockchain 
Technology to create a bank-2-bank and peer-to-peer cryptocurrency 
called AFCASH. 
 

If the ICO is successful, AFRICUNIA will move to become a fully 
financial digital institution that is accessible everywhere, 24/7. It will 
function just like a conventional bank, but will not host any branches nor 
any physical front-offices. In other words, AFRICUNIA is a virtual bank 
that will be issuing AFCASH using AFRICUNIA Blockchain 3.0 
Technologies. In fact, AFRICUNIA is creating the missing link between 
conventional banking and the new world economy that is dominated by 
Blockchain 3.0. 
 

This Whitepaper covers the roadmap concerning the business, technical 

and regulatory details of the project, our step-by-step milestone plan and 

the technologies that will be developed as the basis of AFRICUNIA 

infrastructure. 

 

 

Welcome! 

 

 



Page | 7                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

CONTENTS 

 
Executive Summary...........................................................................................................2 

 

Background of the Blockchain Market…………………………………….………….….9 

 

Our Vision.........................................................................................................................10 

 

Our Value proposition……………………………………………………………………11 

 

#1: Offering best of both Fiat and Cryptocurrency world………………………………..11 

 

#2: Promoting sustainable investment of funds…………………………………………..13 

 

#3: Developing a standardized platform….………………………………………………13 

 

#4: Enhanced transparency………………………………………………………………..12 

 

#5: Scalable fund development……………………………………………………………12 

 

#6: Market leading compliance…………………………………………………………….2 

 

#7: Development of a standard platform…………………………………………………...2 

 

Advantages for the investor……………………………………………………….………13 

 

The Cryptocurrency Infrastructure………………………………………………………...14 
 

AFRICUNIA PROTOCOL CONSENSUS ALGORITHM (APCA)……………….……….15  
 

MEET AFCASH..................................................................................................................15 
 

What is AFCASH?..........................................................................................................................16  
 

How AFCASH will work…………………………………………………………………….…..18 
 

#1: APIs……………………………………………………………………………………………18 
 

#2: EMIs...........................................................................................................................................19 
 

#3: Commercial Banks...................................................................................................................19 
 

#4: Digital Pass……………………………………………………………………………..…….19 
 

The ICO Structure…………………………………………………………………….………….23 
 

The fund structure……………………………………………………………………………..….21 
 

How to participate in the ICO……………………………………………..……...……….24 
 

Bounties...........................................................................................................................................27 



Page | 8                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

#1: Facebook campaign (10%).....................................................................................................27 
 

#2: Twitter campaign (10%)………………………………………………………………….…28 
 

#3: Instagram/YouTube/Google Plus/STEEMIT Campaign (10%)……………………….11 
 

#4: Africunia BitcoinTalk Thread Campaign (10%).................................................................30 
 

#5: Africunia BitcoinTalk Signature campaign (15%)………………………………..………31 
 

#6: Africunia BitcoinTalk Translation Campaign (15%)……………………………..………31 
 

#7: Africunia Thread/Bloggers Exclusive Campaign Support (30%)……………………….32 
 

AFRICUNIA BANK Blockchain Technology features……………………..…………….13 
 

Roadmap...........................................................................................................................................34 
 

AFRICUNIA Banking Roadmap..........................................................................................13 
 

Milestone 1: Research and Experiment……………………………………………………34 
 

Milestone 2: Development of Blockchain prototypes..........................................................34 
 

Milestone 3: Development of the Blockchain beta version…………………………….….34 
 

Milestone 4: Testing of prototypes, beta version & the entire Ecosystem………….………35 
 

Milestone 5: Pre-ICO.............................................................................................................35 
 

Milestone 6: ICO....................................................................................................................35 
 

Milestone 7: Complete development of our Blockchain Technology……………..…….…35 
 

Milestone 8: Launch of the Blockchain and Ecosystem…………………………………….35 
 

Milestone 9: Solidification and expansion of the technology……………………………….35 
 

Core Team...............................................................................................................................39 
 

Final Notes...........................................................................................................................................44 
 

Contacts...................................................................................................... .............................45 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 



Page | 9                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

BACKGROUND OF THE BLOCKCHAIN MARKET 

 

Blockchain Technology has sparked substantial interest in recent years 
with a central focus being on the decentralized payment systems. A lot 
of interest in Blockchain Technology has been attributed to its merits of 
distributed ledger, value transfer, and resilience to fraudulent 
activities. 
 

In a sense, the application of smart contracts has led to increasing 
decentralization and democratization of contractual relationships, 
effectively leaving no place for the interpretation of the fine-prints in 
the agreements and generating dramatic cost advantages. Because of 
this, there has been arising in various tokenized investment platforms 
such as currency trading, venture capital funds and other tokens that 
are pegged on assets such as gold and fiat currencies. 
 

Startups in the Cryptocurrency Technology space have begun to disrupt 
the highly clustered and over-regulated financial sector. In all these 
developments, the incumbents have not been left behind. Recently, the 
IMF and World Bank held a conference where an estimated 90 central 
banks committed themselves to researching into Distributed Ledger 
Technology (DLT), the Blockchain and the digital currencies to create a 
responsible digital currency. 
 

The regulators themselves are also transitioning to embrace the 
Blockchain and cryptocurrencies. For instance, Bitcoin has now been 
officially recognized in Japan as a form of payment. Also, the Swiss tax 
authorities confirmed the Bitcoin VAT-free status. But still, much needs 
be done to make the tokenization of these investment platforms as a 
transparent, seamless, and regulatory-compliant process. 

 

We firmly believe that AFRICUNIA is the company that will bridge the 

existing gap. The innovative banking model that we are introducing is key 

to unlocking the tokenized investment funds by providing compelling 

advantages such as transparency, cost efficiency, and tradability. 

AFRICUNIA is well positioned to become an industry standard for 



Page | 10                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

seamless funds tokenization and management by leveraging the existing 

Blockchain Technology. 

 

INTRODUCTION TO AFRICUNIA (OUR VISION) 

 

AFRICUNIA is registered in the United Kingdom as AFRICUNIA 
LIMITED, providing Global Banking and Financial Services. The 
“CUNIA” in “AFRICUNIA’ comes from the Latin word “PERCUNIA” 
meaning “money” or “cash.” whereas “AFRI” is the abbreviated 
version of AFRICA. Therefore translated - AFRICUNIA means African 
Money or African Cash. 

 

AFRICUNIA intends to bring investment globalization, transparency, 
and decentralization to the next level by leveraging the ubiquitous 
Blockchain Technology. AFRICUNIA offers a vision for the new 
standard of tokenized investment platforms that will help to bridge the 
gap between the fiat and the crypto universes. At its core, AFRICUNIA 
will focus on all aspects of tokenized investment vehicles ranging from 
technology and infrastructure to legal compliance and the corporate 
structuring. In a nutshell, here is how AFRICUNIA intends to 
revolutionize aspects of tokenized investments: 
 

• Providing   instant,   low-cost   international   payments   by   
allowing conventional banks adopt the proposed Blockchain 
Technology just like SWIFT BIC. 

• Assisting financial institutions to transfer money to international 

banks in real-time across diverse multi-layer networks. 

• Ensuring a technology that complies with regulatory and security 

requirements. 

• Implementing Digital Pass Technology that will serve as 
automation and digitalization system which integrates several 
industries to access financial and industrial services at a click. 

• Developing the first Crypto-based POS (Point of Sale) System 
• Developing a cost effective, seamless and easy to mine non 

browser-based and browser-based coin mining for simplicity. 



Page | 11                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

• Projecting and enabling Internet of Value across global e-
commerce 

• Developing a Hybrid Technology that combines two systems in 
one, that is Proof-of-Work (POW) and Proof-of- Stake (POS) with 
proven high speed performance and intensified/elevated security 

• Developing SECURE WALLETS Systems (Offline Wallets, Online 

Wallets, Ultra Thin Smart Wallets) with high security and safe 

storage. 

• It's very essential to emphasize that our Blockchain Technology is 
a multisystem Blockchain that combines bank to bank paper 
money transfer like the current SWIFT/BIC system but instant, 
peer-2-peer cryptocurrency transfer, Fiat/Forex/Coin 
Trading/Exchange/Lending MarketPlace, Smart Contracts, Open 
APIs, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Crypto-based Point of Sale (PoS), 
Digital Pass Technology ALL IN ONE PLACE. Furthermore, 
AFRICUNIA BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY will give users the 
choice to choose to mine AFCASH in any modern web browser 
and or none web browser (hardware) in a hybrid combination of 
Proof of Work + Proof of Stake algorithm. We think this sums up 
the massive “machine” we are developing. 

 

We intend to bridge the gap between these two worlds while 

taking the advantages of both worlds. Here are our primary value 

propositions: 

 

Our value proposition 

 

Our primary goal is to become the industry standard and a one-stop 
shop for setting up tokenized funds, regardless of whether these funds 
invest in the fiat or crypto universe. We intend to bridge the gap 
between these two worlds while taking the advantages of both worlds. 

 

 

 

 

 



Page | 12                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

Here are our primary value propositions: 

 

#1: Offering best of both Fiat and Cryptocurrency world 

 

The majority of tokenized investment platforms are either fully crypto-

oriented or are pegged to some tradable assets such as gold or fiat 

currency. This siloed approach hinders diversification. AFRICUNIA 

intends to create a platform that 
 

allows users to gain from both including decentralization, 
transparency, and exchangeability. 

 

#2: Promoting sustainable investment of funds 

 

All the tokenized funds will be reviewed and approved by our legal 

advisors to make sure they are fully compliant with the existing laws and 

regulations. By sorting out these risks from the beginning, AFRICUNIA 

will improve the investor confidence and offer necessary sustainability of 

the investment process. 

 

#3: Developing a standardized platform 

 

Setting up a proper investment structure is a difficult and costly endeavour. 

Not all the tokenized funds set up have an appropriate structure thereby 

increasing the regulatory risk to investors. AFRICUNIA believes that this is 

the right time to launch industry standards for setting up the tokenized 

investment platforms. 

 

#4: Enhanced transparency 

 

The tokenization of interests in funds—or shares in profits—provides 
accountability and transparency to the investment process. This much-



Page | 13                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

needed transparency will significantly improve the accountability of 
the investment managers. 

 

#5: Scalable fund development 

 

By using the AFRICUNIA platform, any approved investment manager 
will set up and run a tokenized investment fund without going through 
the pain and effort of developing the necessary IT and legal 
infrastructure. 

#6: Market leading compliance 

 

All the tokenized funds will be constantly reviewed by our legal 

advisors to make sure they are fully compliant with the existing laws 

and regulations. By sorting out these risks from inception, AFRICUNIA 

will improve the investor confidence and offer necessary sustainability 

of the investment process. 
 

#7: Development of a standard platform 
 

Our development team is creating a scalable low latency standardized 
platform that will allow different user categories to have access to 
different features. Both those in the investment market and those 
privately investing will benefit from a user friendly custom made 
platform. 

 

 

ADVANTAGES FOR THE INVESTORS 

 

AFRICUNIA platform will benefit both the crypto investors and fiat 
investors. 
 

Here are some of the benefits for the crypto investors: 
 

• New opportunities to access the assets from the fiat universe 

without leaving the comfort of the crypto universe. 
 



Page | 14                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

• Unprecedented diversification opportunities because of the low 

correlation between the fiat and crypto assets. 
 

• Access to a broad range of investment opportunities that have a 

lower risk profile to complement and balance the existing 

speculative exposures. 
 

Here are some advantages for the fiat-investors: 
 

• Provision of higher net returns, thanks to cost-efficient 

structure of the tokenized funds 
 

• Access to new classes of assets because of lower barriers for a 

fund set up and administration on the AFRICUNIA platform. 
 

THE CRYPTOCURRENCY INFRASTRUCTURE 

 

It is a fact that the Blockchain Technology facilitates fast and low-cost 
transactions that are not controlled by any centralized source. While 
the economic gains of the current Blockchain Technology are without 
doubt indisputable, there are still challenges that must be addressed. 
At best, these hurdles can be looked at from three perspectives: 
correctness, consensus, and utility. 

 

 

a) Correctness 
 

The distributed system should be able to differentiate between a valid and 

a fraudulent transaction. In the conventional fiduciary settings, this work 

should be done by institutions and cryptographic signatures that 

guarantee that a transaction is indeed coming from the institution that it 

is claiming to be coming from. However, in the decentralized systems, 

there is no such trust, as the identity of all the members in the network are 

anonymous. 

 



Page | 15                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

 

 

b) Consensus 
 

Consensus helps to achieve a single global truth in the face of a 
distributed accounting system. For instance, a malicious user can make 
two concurrent transactions with only enough funds in their account to 
cover each transaction individually, but not both together. In such a 
case, the transaction will be valid, but the whole network is not aware 
of both transactions. 

 

 

c) Utility 
 

By utility, we mean the usefulness of the distributed payment system, 

which in most cases, simplifies to the latency of the network. For instance, 

a decentralized system that is both correct and in consensus but which 

takes one year to process the transaction is of course not useful. At best, a 

high utility system that incorporates levels of computing power to offer 

correctness and consensus. 

 

AFRICUNIA PROTOCOL CONSENSUS ALGORITHM (APCA) 

 

To address the problems of correctness, consensus, and utility, our 
proposed algorithm will apply the “Byzantine Generals Problem” that 
has already been explored to solve a myriad of computing problems. 
Much research has been done on protocols that achieve consensus in the 
face of the Byzantine errors. But much of the protocols have not fully 
addressed the problems of correctness, consensus, and utility. 

 

Our technology will be based on the AFRICUNIA PROTOCOL 

CONSENSUS ALGORITHM (APCA). The APCA will incorporate the 

following components: 
 



Page | 16                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

• Server. The server will be an entity that is running the 

AFRICUNIA Server software that facilitates the consensus 

process. 
 

• Ledger. The ledger will contain records of the amount of AFCASH 

in each user’s account and will be regularly updated on the 

network. 
 

• Last-Closed Ledger: The last-closed ledger will be the most recent 
ledger  

that has been confirmed by the consensus process and 

represents the current status of the network. 

 

• Open Ledger: The open ledger will be the current operating 

status of the node. 
 

The Bitcoin crypto was lauded for its massive potentials to circumvent the 

existing centralized banking systems. In particular, Bitcoin used the 

ubiquitous Blockchain Technology to facilitate the peer-to-peer transfer of 

funds thereby, eliminating third parties in the financial transactions. 

Because of its potentials in the financial sector, many tech enthusiasts 

proclaimed it as the future currency (because of its durability, divisibility, 

verifiability and value creation). 
 

Keen to follow in the success stories of Bitcoin, other currencies began to 
spring up with each having its own specific consensus algorithm as a 
mathematical proof to back it up. One such crypto was Ethereum. 
Granted, Ethereum is the world’s first distributed computer. While 
Bitcoin crypto brought about solutions to the financial world, the 
Ethereum crypto sought to bring about solutions to programs called 
smart contracts. 

 

Today, developers can develop Apps (Smart Contracts) that execute the 
code on the Blockchain where developers do not have to trust anything 
and can verify what the code is and what it does. These Apps are 
always available on the Blockchain and guaranteed to exist on the 



Page | 17                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

Ethereum database forever with no downtime, takedowns or 
disappearing servers. 
 

Although the exceptional role of these cryptos in the Fintech world has 
been recognized and taken into consideration by the Fin-Tech 
companies, a number of technical reasons, such as the technology’s 
inaccessibility, overload of difficult terminologies and the usability 
hurdles continue to prevent the average internet user from taking 
advantage of cryptos, causing their slow adoption rate. 
 

Ideally, if a proper legal framework can be developed to guard against 
regulatory uncertainty, then perhaps it can act as a catalyst for adoption 
and use of these digital currencies and thus the birth of AFFRICUNIA 
BANK which will be established to narrow the gap between the 
conventional currencies and the crypto world. 

 

 

MEET AFCASH 

 

AFCASH is the digital coin that will be created by AFRICUNIA BANK. 
It is essential to point out that AFCASH would not just be a 
CryptoCurrency, rather it will create an Ecosystem that will help bridge 
the gap between the fiat and the crypto universes and enable users 
globally, but especially in Africa, to help themselves. By developing the 
AFCASH platform on top of a highly secure core Blockchain (using 
APCA), integrating it with the major decentralized technologies and 
creating use cases to demonstrate its ability in the financial services 
sector, AFCASH will help bring the mainstream currencies into the 
crypto universe. 
 

The AFCASH platform will unify all transactional aspects that are 
usually handled using the fiat currencies and provide multiple crypto-
related services in one place. The list of potential features of the platform 
will be infinitely extended and will continue expanding as the platform 
evolves. 

 

 



Page | 18                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

 

We envision AFCASH to be: 
 

#1: A Global Community 
 

AFCASH will be used by a diverse group of people and skill sets such as 
governments and government agencies, financial organizations, 
ministries, banks, venture capitalists, individuals, celebrities and 
bloggers uniting to realize the vision of a borderless financial system. 

 

 

#2: A full Token based system 
 

AFCASH will be supported by a cryptographic Blockchain network akin 
to ETHEREUM and Ripple Protocol Consensus Algorithm (RPCA), but 
running on an APCA (Africunia Protocol Consensus Algorithm). The 
AFCASH’s APCA will ensure correctness, consensus, and utility of 
Blockchain transactions. 

 

 

#3: A champion of Privacy 
 

User’s privacy will top of our priority when designing and 
implementing AFCASH. We do understand that anonymity has been 
one of the major reasons why the mainstream financial institutions can 
not adopt cryptos. Therefore, our system will be implemented based on 
KYC/AML protocols that financial institutions can trust. 
 

Using the KYC/AML protocols, AFRICUNIA will verify users before 
allowing them to access their accounts on the AFCASH platform. For 
instance, registering a new account by a user will involve filling in the 
email address and full personal details—elements that are not present in 
cryptos. The App will then send a confirmation through e-mail where 
the user will be required to verify the link before he/she can access the 
account. 



Page | 19                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

 

#4: A leader of Security 
 

We understand that security is a major concern for all users. Therefore 
we will incorporate cryptographic and security protocols throughout the 
development of AFCASH to guarantee that user expectations are met. 
The acceptable levels of security in AFCASH platform will ensure the 
following: 
 

• Consensus mechanisms 
 

• Encryption of data 
 

• Network configuration 
 

• Component configurations for scalability. 
 

 

HOW AFCASH WILL WORK 

 

The AFCASH platform will incorporate the following components: 
 

• APIs 
 

• EMIs 
 

• Commercial Banks 
 

• Digital Pass Technology 
 

#1: APIs 

 

Conformity to specific rules, laws, and regulations is the cornerstone of 
conventional banking. Banking institutions are compelled to set out 



Page | 20                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

and follow high standards of rules and regulations to protect their 
shareholders’ interests. In fact, the reputation of a banking institution 
can be severely damaged if adequate KYC and AML protocols are not 
in place. We will use the existing tested technologies for APIs 
(Authorized Payment Institutions) to comply with the rules and 
requirements of conventional banking. 

 

AFRICUNIA has already been legally registered in the United Kingdom 
and authorized by UK Companies House to provide bank and banking 
related financial services. We will also seek for licenses for our APIs to 
promote the confidence of users in using on our platform. We will also 
seek to join the SWIFT network to allow our Virtual Bank receive a 
Business Identifier Code (BIC) for communication with other financial 
institutions using SWIFT messages for EFTs. 

 

#2: EMIs 

 

AFRICUNIA will apply for EMI (Electronic Money Institutions) 
license to allow us to start issuing electronic money. After being 
granted the license, we will implement the currency exchange services 
that will allow corporate client keep a variety of money in their bank 
accounts and exchange them as the need arises. 
 

Being the heart of online financial transactions, we expect to collect 
valuable insights into consumer's behavioural patterns and their 
financial risks profile to offer loans. We expect loans to be extended 
largely to finance purchases from the online merchants that we will be 
working with. This will drive the value of the Africunia membership of 
Digital Pass Ecosystem by enhancing the sales for our merchants and 
providing differentiated services for our clients. 

 

#3: Commercial Bank 

 

The second full phase of this project sees us evolving into a fully 
regulated bank. Besides the classical banking services, Africunia will 
provide Banking as a Service (BaaS) that will augment the existing gaps 



Page | 21                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

between the cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies. Before the deployment 
of APIs, Africunia will apply for a license from two card schemes: Visa 
and MasterCard. If all goes well, no BIN sponsors will be required 
during the process of card issuing and simplifying the card payment 
processing. 

 

#4: Digital Pass Technology 

 

For any banking institution to augment the existing technologies and 
digitize its operations, a solid core infrastructure is required. At 
Africunia, we intend to implement a digital pass as a standalone system 
that standardizes system-system communication while ensuring trust 
and integrity of bank records. 
 

In particular, our digital pass will be implemented along the lines of 
facilitating users and businesses get access to and to keep their 
encrypted personal and corporate data in the Blockchain. The data 
stored on the Blockchain can later be used in an open, secure, and non-
discriminatory manner to drive the scope of AFRICUNIA BANK and 
other ecosystems in strict compliance with the banking regulations. 

 

Our digital pass will comprise of the user SSL certificates, 
Blockchain-based information cards, and the widely acceptable 
OAuth2 technology. It will facilitate the following use cases: 
 

• Protection  of  personal  data.  Our  digital  pass  will  ensure  that  
any  

transaction between users and the bank is confidential, has 

integrity, is available and can be verified. 

 

• Decentralized  ledger.  Our  digital  pass  is  essentially  a  
decentralized  

ledger—blockchain—that ensures the digitization of all records 

using existing technologies. 

 



Page | 22                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

• Internet of Things (IoT). Smart devices such as smart cars and smart 

houses are expanding at an exponential rate. For these components 

to function seamlessly on the Blockchain, specific standards for 

micropayment processing should be developed. Such schemes must 

incorporate efficient message delivery protocols that are convenient 

for 
 

M2M communications and billing. We intend to design and 

implement our digital pass along the lines of IoT. 

 

• Big Data. Digital Pass will be designed to gather and store vast 
amounts  

of data which will be used to allow users to receive both high-

quality services and valuable insights about the financial markets 

in general. 

 

• Applied AI. AI is already being used as a tool of data analysis in a 

horde of industries. In financial environments, AI is being used to 

score and provide accurate details about a client’s risk portfolio. 

Our digital pass 
 

will be implemented to harness crucial financial data about clients 

that will help AFRICUNIA to advance loans to clients. 

 

THE FUND STRUCTURE 

 

The fund structure may differ from one case to another. While it will 
evolve as new information becomes available, it will be run by a 
reputable legal counsel that will keep an updated reviews of what has 
been published. 

 

 

 



Page | 23                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

 

Here is how the tokens will be divided: 
 

• The public contributors will be allocated 50% of the AFCASHs. 
 

• The company reserve will be assigned 30% of the AFCASHs. The 

reserve will form part of the company’s source income after the 

distribution 
 

period and will be allocated on a partial basis among the direct 

contributors and the core team of the business where necessary. 

 

• The remaining 20% of the AFCASHs will be allocated to the 

Founding Africunia Members and its advisors, partners, and 

campaigners as follows: 15% (Africunia Founders); 3% (Advisors & 

Partners); 2% 
 

(Campaigners). These funds would not be immediately tradable in 

order to continue motivating the core team after the distribution 

period. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Page | 24                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

 

TOKEN DETAILS 

 

 

TOKEN/COIN SYMBOL: AFCASH 

 

TOKEN/COIN TOTAL SUPPLY:       500,000,000 (Five Hundred Million 
AFCASHs) 

 

CIRCULATING SUPPLY:                         500,000,000 (Five Hundred Million 
AFCASHs) 

 

TOKEN/COIN PRICE:                                  1 AFCASH = $0.10 USD 

 

UNSOLD TOKENS:                               Any unsold token will be burnt 

 

SHARING REVENUE: At the end each Financial Year, 20% of 

AFRICUNIA BANK’s Profit will be distributed among all Holders of our 

Token (AFCASH) based on each Holder’s Share of total amount of Tokens 

issued, and this will be automatically paid out to our Coin Users in their 

respective Wallets. In other words, you are entitled to AFRICUNIA 

BANK’s revenue. Consider this as a PASSIVE INCOME. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Page | 25                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

 

THE ICO STRUCTURE 

 

AFRICUNIA BANK will manage the AFCASH Cryptocurrency 
(AFCASH). Being a tokenized investment, AFRICUNIA BANK will 
issue tokens through an ICO for each fund. To invest in the firm, the 
shareholders will be required to buy the AFCASH tokens during the 
ICO. The AFCASH pre-order will open on 1st December 2017 and run up 
to 31st December 2017. We are targeting creating 100 Million AFCASHs.  
 

AFCASH’s ICO will begin on 1st January 2018 and run for 5 months up 
to 31st May 2018. After the ICO is over the tokens can be withdrawn 
from the ICO platform and participants will also have exclusive rights 
to the company's revenue, and you can begin to receive an immediate 
income stream from the first fund that will be created on the 
AFRICUNIA platform. 

HOW TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ICO 

We will allow participants to invest using some or all of the following 
methods: 

• Direct Credit or Debit card purchase that will be availed on the 
website. 

 

• Using the NAIRA, USD, EURO, and POUNDS STERING fiat 

currencies using Debit/Credit Cards and SWIFT transfer. 

• Direct purchase on our website platform using the following 
cryptocurrencies and more: 

 
 

 

 

BITCOIN  
(BTC) 

 

 
 
 
 

ETHEREREUM 
(ETH) 

 
 
 
 

RIPPLE 
(XRP) 

 
 
 
 

LITECOIN 
(LTC) 

 
 
 
 

DASH 
(DASH) 

$ 
 

USD 
 

€ 
 

EURO 

£ 
 

POUNDS 

₦ 
 

NAIRA 

 
 

DOGECOIN 



Page | 26                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

 

BOUNTIES 

 

What Is Bounty Campaign? 
 

Bounty Campaign is a Public Relations campaign that is put in place by a 

company to facilitate promotion and dissemination of information by the 

Company’s supporters and advertisers in the social and public spheres. 

Under normal circumstance Bounty Campaign terminology is used in 

ICOs (Initial Coin Offerings) and CrowdFunding. Participants are 

rewarded with Tokens (CryptoCurrencies) which are on offer at the 

period of ICO. It is noteworthy stating that a reward fund volume to 

Bounty Campaigners is in the neighborhood of 1–2% of the total ICO 

funds and tokens sold. In essence every campaigner can enroll in a 

Bounty Campaign and gets rewarded without bias. 

 

How will it work? 
 

AFRICUNIA Bank will offer 2% of all the tokens released during 
ICO for the bounty campaigns. As a reward, the shareholders will 
receive the AFCASH tokens. The Bounty campaign members, who 
use dishonest methods such as spamming and “artificial” likes will 
be excluded from the bounty campaigns and as such, will receive no 
rewards. Here is how we have structured the bounty campaigns for 
various marketing platforms: 

 

FACEBOOK CAMPAIGN (10%) 

 

10% of the bounty pool will be allocated to the Facebook campaign. 
 

• Each Facebook member should have at least 200 friends. 
 

• To participate in the campaign, each member should first register 

himself/herself. 



Page | 27                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

• To market, each member should follow the official AFRICUNIA 
Facebook  

page at https://www.facebook.com/africunia/ like it and repost 

at least one post per week. 

 

• The bounty campaign will run until the end of ICO on 31st May 
2018.  

To receive the bonus, each bounty member must participate in the 

promotion until the end of the campaign. 

 

• Any  bounty  member  who  has  not  hit  the  “Like”  or  has  not  
shared  

AFRICUNIA posts during one week or has not followed the 

AFRICUNIA official page would not be eligible for a reward. 

 

• The list of participants will be updated and analyzed once per week. 

Each accepted campaign member will receive 1 share per week. 

After ICO is completed, the whole AFCASH bounty pool will be 

redistributed among all the campaign members considering the 

number of shares that each 
 

member has. All the members will receive their rewards in their 

AFCASH wallets. 

 

TWITTER CAMPAIGN (10%) 

 

10% of the bounty pool will be allocated to the Twitter campaign. 
 

• Each Twitter member should have at least 50 friends. 
 

• To participate in the campaign, each member should first register 

himself/herself. 

https://www.facebook.com/africunia/


Page | 28                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

• Each member should follow the official AFRICUNIA Twitter  

page at https://www.twitter.com/africunia/and Like or Retweet 

at least one post per week. 

• The bounty campaign will run until the end of ICO on 31st May 
2018.  

To receive the bonus, each bounty member must participate in the 

promotion until the end of the campaign. 

• Any bounty member who has not liked or retweeted the Africunia 
tweets  

during one week or has not followed the Africunia official page 

would not be eligible for a reward. 

• The list of participants will be updated and analyzed once per week. 

Each accepted campaign member will receive 1 share per week. 

After ICO is completed, the whole AFCASH bounty pool will be 

redistributed among all the campaign members considering the 

number of shares that each 
 

member has. All the members will receive their rewards in their 

AFCASH wallets. 

 

INSTAGRAM/ YOUTUBE/GOOGLE PLUS/ STEEMIT CAMPAIGN 
(10%) 
 

10% of the bounty pool will be allocated to the Instagram/ 
Youtube/Google Plus/ Steemit: 
 

• Each Instagram/YouTube/ Google Plus/ Steemit member should 

have at least 100 friends, members, followers or subscribers. 
 

• To participate in the campaign, each member should first register 

himself/herself. 
 

http://www.twitter.com/africunia/and


Page | 29                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

• Each member should follow the official AFRICUNIA 

Instagram/YouTube/Google Plus/Steemit pages at: 

https://www.instagram.com/africunia/ 

https://youtu.be/SOfxwaB5b2U 

https://plus.google.com/+AfricuniaBank 

http://steamcommunity.com/id/africunia 
 

and share, like or post at least once per week. 

 

• The bounty campaign will run until the end of ICO on 31st May 
2018. To receive the bonus, each bounty member must participate 
in the promotion until the end of the campaign. 
 

• Any bounty member who has not shared, posted and liked the 
Africunia  

during one week or has followed the Africunia official page would 

not be eligible for a reward. 

 

• The list of participants will be updated and analyzed once per week. 

Each accepted campaign member will receive 1 share per week. 

After ICO is completed, the whole AFCASH bounty pool will be 

redistributed among all the campaign members considering the 

number of shares that each 
 

member has. All the members will receive their rewards in their 

AFCASH wallets. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

http://www.instagram.com/africunia/
https://plus.google.com/%2BAfricuniaBank
http://steamcommunity.com/id/africunia


Page | 30                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

AFRICUNIA BITCOINTALK THREAD CAMPAIGN (10%) 

 

10% of the bounty pool will be allocated to the BitcoinTalk Thread 
Support campaign. 
 

• Each  campaign  member  should  have  at  least  50  publications  
on  the  

BitcoinTalk within the Africunia topic page 

(https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=1066164;sa=sho

wPosts) or on ANN Thread here 

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2847593 during their 

participation in the campaign. Spamming will not be allowed, and 

spammers will automatically be stopped from the campaign and 

reported. 

 

• The bounty campaign will run until the end of ICO on 31st May 
2018.  

To receive the bonus, each bounty member must participate in the 

promotion until the end of the campaign. 

 

• The list of applicants will be updated and analyzed once per week. 

Each accepted campaign member will receive 1 share per week. 

After ICO is completed, the whole AFCASH bounty pool will be 

redistributed among all the campaign members considering the 

number of shares that each 
 

member has. All the members will receive their rewards in their 

AFCASH wallets. 

 

 

 

 

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=1066164;sa=showPosts
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=1066164;sa=showPosts


Page | 31                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

AFRICUNIA BITCOINTALK SIGNATURE CAMPAIGN (15%) 

 

15% of the bounty pool will be assigned to the BitcoinTalk Signature 
campaign: 
 

• To participate in the campaign, each member should be registered. 
 

• Each member must set up an AFRICUNIA signature in their 

BitcoinTalk profile based on the profile rank. 
 

• Each campaign member must have at least 100 

publications on the BitcoinTalk outside the Africunia topic 

page(https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=1

066164;sa=showPosts) or on ANN Thread 

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2847593 during 

their participation in marketing. 
 

• The bounty campaign will run until the end of ICO on 31st May 
2018. To receive the bonus, each bounty member must participate 
in the promotion until the end of the campaign. 

 

• A member, who has removed AFRICUNIA signature during 

the bounty campaign, is not eligible for a reward. 
 

• Each campaign member is to receive weekly shares, 

considering profile rank at BitcoinTalk: 
 

• The list of members will be updated and analyzed once per week. 

Each accepted campaign member will receive 1 share per week. 

After ICO is completed, the whole AFCASH bounty pool will be 

redistributed among all the campaign members considering the 

number of shares that each 
 

member has. All the members will receive their rewards in their 

AFCASH wallets. 

 

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=1066164;sa=showPosts
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=1066164;sa=showPosts


Page | 32                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

AFRICUNIA BITCOINTALK TRANSLATION CAMPAIGN (15%) 

15% of the bounty pool will be assigned to the Translation campaign  
which is a reward for translating the original post such as a whitepaper 
or a presentation of Africunia in the national threads BitcoinTalk and 
supporting the other threads: 

• Only members with profile rank “Junior Member” or higher 

will be allowed to participate. 
 

• Each member must translate the original post whether a 

whitepaper, webpages or a presentation of Africunia from the 

original post, create the National Africunia thread at BitcoinTalk 

and publish the translation. Also, 
 

the bounty member must post a minimum of 4 posts per day in 

the national thread. 

 

• In these posts the member should answer the questions of the users 

and publish the news and useful information. Following languages 

are welcome—Japanese, Korean, Chinese (Mandarin and 

Cantonese), Portuguese, German, French, Spanish, Italian, Polish, 

Slovene, Hungarian, 
 

Czech, Slovak, Arabic, Ukrainia, Russian, Igbo, Hausa, Yoruba, 

Swahili, Zulu, Afrikaans, Urdu, Filipino, Tagalog, Hindi, Sanskrit, 

and Farsi. 

AFRICUNIA THREAD SUPPORT / BLOGGERS EXCLUSIVE CAMPAIGN SUPPORT 
(30%) 

 

30% of the bounty pool will be assigned to the blogging campaign. 
Bloggers who fancy areas of Blockchain Technology and other 
cryptocurrencies can join the Africunia campaign and get AFCASH 
tokens. All they require to do is publish an article about Africunia 
project or promote it. 

 

Interested in partnership, offline support and campaign deal? Please 
contact us for special offers. 



Page | 33                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

AFRICUNIA BANK BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY FEATURES 

 

1. Our Cryptocurrency would be designed with the possibility 
of alternate development and expansion. 

 

2. The Blockchain Technology would be developed for issuing 

SMART CONTRACTS and managing ICOs of other Startups.  

3. The Blockchain would doubly serve as our in-house Fiat & 

Cryptocurrency Exchange/Trading platform. In other words, it is a 

multi-purpose BLOCKCHAIN that does the following: 
 

 

I) issues Tokens 

 

II) issues Cryptocurrencies, 
 

III) issues Smart Contracts 
 

IV) use for instant Fiat & Cryptocurrency transfer/remission on 

Local & International banking protocols 

 

V) utilize for Fiat FX& Cryptocurrency Exchange/Trading 
(MarketPlace) 

 

VI) Instant and scalable transactions therefore over-the-

counter and POS payments will be a cakewalk and as easy 

as ABC. 

 

4. Our Blockchain Technology will be compatible with all programming 

and coding languages as this will enable us generate a larger following of 

users and miners. 
 



Page | 34                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

5. Our Blockchain Technology will have the ability to combine gas/fees, 

smart contracts and DApps. 
 

6. Our Blockchain Technology will be both non browser-based and 

browser-based. 

 

7. Our Blockchain would be developed to have Cross-Chain 

Interoperability with other Blockchains for advanced smart contracts 

features. 
 

8. Digital Signing Algorithm. 
 

9. Combination of two Algorithms (Proof-of-Work + Proof-of Stake). 
 

10. A WebAssembly that can be run in modern web browsers 
with a compact binary format that runs with near-native 
performance and provides languages such as C/C++. 
Furthermore, it will also be designed to run alongside 
JavaScript. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Page | 35                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

ROADMAP 

 

The process of actualizing a financial institution born from a 
Cryptocurrency will incorporate many different aspects ranging 
from development of the technology, testing and complying with 
regulatory regimes in various jurisdictions. Below are 9 milestones 
that we intend to achieve before rolling out the platform: 

 

Milestone 1: 10th July 2017 to 1st January 2018 

RESEARCH AND EXPERIMENT 

 
 

Researching and experimenting with the APCA will be our first step in 
the Africunia journey. Our developers will develop dummy prototype 
of Blockchain system based on APCA and test it for correctness, 
consensus, and utility. We are already researching and experimenting 
with the APCA and its application in Blockchain. This phase will run 
up to 1st January 2018. 

 

Milestone 2:  

1st December 2017 to 31st December 2017 PRE-ICO. 

The AFCASH pre-order will open on 1st December 2017 and run for 4 
weeks up to 31st December 2017. We are targeting 500 Million AFCASH 
tokens with a circulating supply of 500 Million 

 

Milestone 3:   1st January 2018 to 31st May 2018. 

ICO 
 

The AFCASH ICO will start on 1st January 2018 and run for 5 
months up to 31st May 2018. 

 

 



Page | 36                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

Milestone 4: 1st March 2018 to 31st 

March 2018. 

DEVELOPMENT OF BLOCKCHAIN 

PROTOTYPES 

 

At this stage, we will develop a Blockchain prototype that will help to 
eliminate ambiguities and enhance accuracy with our AFCASH crypto. 
We expect this step to take 4 weeks and will run from 1st March 2018 to 
31st March 2018. 

 

Milestone 5: 1st April 2018 to 30th April 2018. 

DEVELOPMENT OF THE BLOCKCHAIN 

BETA VERSION 

 

A beta version of our AFCASH cryptocurrency will be developed to 
help developers understand the ecosystem better as further ambiguities 
are eliminated. We expect this phase to take a maximum of 4 weeks. 

 

Milestone 6: 1st May 2018 to 21st May 2018. 

TESTING OF THE ECOSYSTEM 
 

We will test the system as a whole and ensure it is working 
properly and is interoperable with existing systems. This stage 
will take a maximum of 3 weeks and will run from 1st May 2018 
to 21st May 2018. 

 

Milestone 7: 31st May 2018. 

COMPLETE DEVELOPMENT OF OUR BLOCKCHAIN 
TECHNOLOGY 

We expect the complete Blockchain Technology to be finished by 
31st May 2018. 

 

 



Page | 37                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

Milestone 8: 1st June 2018. 

LAUNCH OF THE BLOCKCHAIN AND ECOSYSTEM 

We hope to launch the Blockchain Ecosystem on 1st June 2018. 

 

Milestone 9: June 2018 

SOLIDIFICATION AND EXPANSION OF THE TECHNOLOGY 
 

After the launch on June 1, the project will undergo continuous 
maintenance and development to address all IoT, Machine 
Learning and big data concerns. 

 

AFRICUNIA BANKING ROADMAP 

 

Milestone one: $2 Million 

AUTHORIZED FINANCIAL PAYMENT SERVICES 

 

 

• - Diverse Payment Services 
 

• - Acquiring SWIFT Membership 
 

• - Obtaining API License 
 

• - EBA Clearing & Payment Systems (EURO1, STEP1, STEP2, 
MyBank) 

 

• - Person-to-Person Payments & Loans 
 

• - Investment Portfolios 
 

• - European Payments Council RuleBooks and SDD Collection 

 

 

 

 

 



Page | 38                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

Milestone two: $3 Million 

eMONEY SERVICES 

 

 

• - EMI License 
 

• - Foreign Exchange (FX) 
 

• - Capital loans for consumers 
 

• - Acquiring Payments and Card Issuance 

 

Milestone 3: $6 Million 

COMMERCIAL BANK 

 

 

• - Bank License 
 

• - Crypto-based Point of Sale (PoS) 
 

• - Debit Cards 
 

• - Credit Cards 
 

• - Current Accounts 
 

• - Savings Deposits 
 

• - Open API Applications 
 

• - Card Memberships 
 

Milestone four: $10 Million 

DIGITAL PASS TECHNOLOGY 

 

• - Hybrid Blockchain Technology (Browser-based Prove of Work & 

Prove of Stake) 
 

• - Offline/Online/Ultra Thin Smart High Security Wallets 
 



Page | 39                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

• - AML / KYC Protocols 
 

• - Big Data Technology 
 

• - Applied AI 
 

• - Internet of Things (IoT) Technology 
 

• - eSignatures 
 

• - eSeals 

 

Milestone five: $25 Million to $50 Million 
 

SMALL AND MEDIUM-SIZED ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL 
MARKETPLACES 

 

 

• - Insurance & Brokerage Services 
 

• - CrowdFunding 
 

• - Venture Capital Funding in BioTechnology & ICT 
 

• - Private Equity Funding 
 

• - Small Business Funding and Loan Matching Services 
 

• - Fiat FX & Cryptocurrency Exchange/Trading 
 

Milestone six: $50 Million to $100 Million 
 

CROWDFUNDING/VENTURE CAPITAL FUNDING/ 

INSURANCE & BROKERAGE SERVICES 

 

If we are able to realize funds above $50 Million we will use same to 
capitalize on Venture Capital investments and SMEs funding as well as 
investment on Insurance and Brokerage services. 

 



Page | 40                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

OUR PARTNERS 

 

STRIPE 
 

 

SO.SUI.BEN FOUNDATION 
 

O-Mobile Banking 
 

 

CRYPTOPAY 
 

NZENWA & CO 
 

(Chartered Accountants, Auditors, Consultants, Financial Forensic Experts, Certified Fraud Examiners, ACFE, United States of 
America 

 

        ELECTROPET IBP LIMITED 
 

 

                                        WORLD VIP CLUB 
 

 

 

 

 



Page | 41                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

CORE TEAM 
 

Our team is made up of talented, inspiring, and diligent individuals 
from around the globe. Together, we share the passion for coding, 
creating, and ultimately building an open, accessible and fair 
futuristic financial future, one piece of time. Our leadership players 
have a proven track record in the fields of financial technology, 
cryptocurrencies, venture capital, entrepreneurship, product 
development, asset management, and legal structuring. 

 

 

 

Serial 
Nr. Full Names Positions 

   

1. D. Chancellor F. Nzenwa Founder & President (CEO) 

   

2. Madeleine G. Winkler Company Secretary 

   

3. Christian Bogdan Blockchain Developer 

   

4. Gérald Tissière CTO/Computer Scientist 

   

5. 
Adedapo Ajayi 

Assistant CTO 
 

   

6. 

 

Assistant CTO Alexander Papevis 

   

 

 

 

 

 

7. 

 

 

 

 

 

Miletus M.O Nlemedim  



Page | 42                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 Attorney/ Legal Advisor 

 

(State Attorney General & Commissioner for Justice) 
 

8. Irina Yuhanyuk 
Marketing Executive 

 

(M.Sc., International Economist)   

   

9 
Engr. Tetiana Liulka Head of Social Media  

   

10. Christian Abomo 
Operational Director, West & 
Central Africa 

   

11. Dieter Frank Wipf Business Development Director 

   

 

12. Dr. Ngozi-Dom Dikeocha Financial Director 

13.  
Vasil Pavlovich 

ACCENT BANK (A-Bank), Ukraine 

Financial Advisor 

14. Nesto Boccovi Financial Advisor 

15.  Gregor Novak Technological Advisor 

16. Karl Hartmann Technological Advisor 

17. Attorney PGDip LP Cal Evans Legal Advisor 

18. Barrister Kester Elebesunu Legal Advisor 

19.    

20. Oksana Sokolovska Assistant to Marketing 
Director 

21. Boniface Okoto  Head of Operations 

 

22. Isaac Elusamni AFRICUNIA 
Representative, Lagos, 
Nigeria 

23. Barrister Kevin Koo Legal Representative, 
Malaysia 



Page | 43                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

24. Barrister Vlad Andriushchenko Legal Representative, 
Ukraine 

25. Chima Ogoke AFRICUNIA 
Representative, FCT-Abuja, 
Nigeria 

26. Dr. Sambhaji  Kokitkar 
 

AFRICUNIA 
Representative, India 

27. Nur Ilham BitcoinTalk Bounty Manager 

28. Claudius Lyn Project Manager 

29. Ayomipo Egbowon Graphic Designer 
 

30 You May Be Next...  

31.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Page | 44                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

 

 

 

 

FINAL NOTES 

 

This whitepaper has provided the cryptocurrency structure of 
AFCASH, its roadmap detailing step-by-step milestones, 
technologies, technical and regulatory details of the project that will 
be developed as the basis of AFRICUNIA infrastructure. 
 

Regulation is a growing concern for the crypto universe. At present, 
investors in tokenized funds are at best in “Terra Incognita.” Having 
limited regulations and a system that bridges the gap between the 
conventional fiat currency and cryptocurrency universe is the way to go 
if many cryptocurrency users are to be brought into the mainstream 
economy. And that is where AFRICUNIA and its AFCASH 
ECOSYSTEM comes in. 

If you believe us and our vision then we want you to be part of this 
revolution! 

Thank you! 

 

D. Chancellor F. Nzenwa 
Founder & President 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Page | 45                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

OUR SOCIAL MEDIA LINKS 

 

 

https://www.facebook.com/africunia 

 

https://www.twitter.com/africunia 

 

https://www.linkedin.com/company/africunia-bank 

 

https://t.me/africunia 

 

https://africuniabank.slack.com 

 

https://medium.com/@africunia 

 

https://www.instagram.com/africunia 

 

https://plus.google.com/+AfricuniaBank 

 

https://youtu.be/SOfxwaB5b2U 

 

AFRICUNIA BANK 
B1 Business Centre, Suite 206,  
Davyfield Road, 
Blackburn,  
Lancashire BB1 2QY,  

https://www.facebook.com/africunia
https://www.twitter.com/africunia
https://www.linkedin.com/company/africunia-bank
https://t.me/africunia
https://africuniabank.slack.com/
https://medium.com/%40africunia
https://www.instagram.com/africunia
https://plus.google.com/%2BAfricuniaBank
https://youtu.be/SOfxwaB5b2U


Page | 46                                                                                                             AFRICUNIA BANK 
 

United Kingdom. 
 +44 1253 67 5681 

  info@africunia.org  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


