































 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

A Rewards System to Distinguish Trustworthy Articles 

ALIS is Japan's First Social Media Platform Using Blockchain Technology 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Masahiro Yasu, Sota Ishii, Takashi Mizusawa 

 

Version 1.06: September 6, 2017 

© ALIS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved. 



1 

 Contents 

 

1.   What is ALIS 

2.   Target market size and the appeal of the Japanese market 

3.   Platform growth strategy in Japan 

4.   Platform introduction and its features 

5.   Screen image introduction 

6.   Why it attracts high quality articles 

7.   Why it can pass on value to people 

8.   Why ALIS can continue to grow for the long term 

9.   How token is created and distributed 

10. About the detail of distribution logic and adjustment of parameters 

11. How fraud is prevented 

12. The blockchain technology used in ALIS 

13. The vision and mission of the team and profiles of team members 

14. Financing 

15. How the money will be used 

16. The company operation policy 

17. The details of ICO 

18. Conclusion 

 

 

 

2 

4 

5 

8 

9 

10 

11 

12 

12 

13 

15 

16 

17 

19 

21 

22 

23 

24 



2 

1.	 What is ALIS 

 
ALIS is Japan's first non-ad funded social media platform. It is a new and novel platform where 
many individuals can create and find useful articles. With ALIS tokens as the key driver, we 
remove ads and stealth marketing so that people can quickly access and find high quality 
articles and trusted individuals. To be honest, we were intrigued by STEEM (https://steem.io), 
which helped to inspire the conception of ALIS. This article explains the STEEM concept: 
https://cointelegraph.com/news/steemit-new-social-media-platform-which-pays-you-to-post  
Our story began with Sota Ishii, our project member who posted several travel photos 
(https://steemit.com/japanese/@sot528/1-south-america-tour-no-1) on STEEM. Surprisingly, 
this article earned close to $30 and we were able to buy the most expensive pizza at Dominoʼs.  



3 

 
The Dominoʼs pizza purchased with tokens earned from STEEM 

We were surprised and at the same time wanted to know how such a scheme is possible, so we 
researched STEEM thoroughly (not for another Dominoʼs pizza). The more we researched about 
STEEM, the more we liked what we found. 
 
At STEEM, the platform itself is being evaluated. This results in STEEM's tokens increasing in value, 
which can then be traded in exchanges at a higher price. This scheme is possible because the 
increase in value is being distributed to creators and evaluators of articles. 
 
Moreover, STEEM has already been valued at 378 million dollars (as of July 9, 2017). We now truly 
feel that there is a new era in media. Traditionally the media has relied on ads for their revenue (as 
you may know, more than 70% of both Google and Facebookʼs revenue rely on ad sales), and it is 
unavoidable for users to see ads or ad-like articles when browsing. Under such conditions, there have 
been various counter-measures in the ad industry. 
 
For example, incentives are paid when users allow the ads to appear, or show only the ads users truly 
are interested in by means of machine learning, etc. However, none of them seem to be successful so 
far, and users are still forced to consume unwanted and meaningless ads that are inspired by native 
ads trend (these are much worse since they don't even look like ads). 
 
STEEM has the power to change the rules of economics from the ground up. STEEM is a great service 
and we are inspired by it however, we saw two big shortcomings. First, the token scheme, which is 
the backbone of the platform, is too complicated and takes a long time to understand. STEEM has 
several types of tokes: STEEM, STEEM SP and STEEM dollars. In order to acquire them there is 
complex and the rules of operating the platform are very difficult to understand for first-time users. 
This prevents new users with lower literacy from joining, which is negative in terms of activation and 
retention. We consider these to be the most important points for a media platform. Secondly, STEEM 
is not localized for the Japanese audience at all. 
 
We launched the ALIS project to solve this. ALIS has three features the traditional social media lack: 



4 

1. Many high quality articles that can be accessed quickly and easily 
2. The value of the platform is passed onto the users 
3. Reliability of data that is possible with Blockchain at a lower cost than before 
 
For more details, please refer to: https://alismedia.jp 

 

2.	 Target market size and the appeal of the Japanese 
market 

Our long-term target for SNS is: 5.6 trillion yen and for web media: 17 trillion yen. The total is: 22.6 
trillion yen. These markets have been growing rapidly since 2014 (47% growth overall, 130% SNS 
alone), thus showing that these are very promising markets. 

 

 
 



5 

Among them, we want to focus on the Japanese market as a first step. As of right now, Western 
countries are ahead in terms of Blockchain technology but there are almost no main players in Japan. 
In addition, because of Japan's revised Fund Settlement Act, foreign players can't operate in Japan, 
and Japanese players also need to overcome the hurdle of operator registration. ALIS has the 
language capabilities for the Japanese market and the advantage of potentially being a pioneer in 
Japan. This implies that it is possible for ALIS to establish itself as a monopolistic player. As for the 
language barrier, Microsoft has already released a simultaneous translation tool, and we are 
projecting that the service will be available beyond any language barrier in 5 years. In addition, 
Japan's nominal GDP is 4.939 trillion dollars, which is 3rd in the world. Japan is also top in the world 
in terms of net overseas assets, which shows Japan is still a big market. Also, the Japanese SNS and 
web media market have been estimated to be 1.1 trillion yen. 
 
On the other hand, due to the language barrier that Japanese presents, Japan is very much behind in 
global platforms (e.g. WhatsApp, Tumblr, Pinterest are still relatively unknown in Japan). This is the 
reason why we think Japan is the market we should go after. In order for ALIS to reach initial success, 
we believe that the best strategy is to gain an overwhelming share of the Japanese market. The 
Japanese market has been relatively untouched by world players. Additionally, the core members of 
the ALIS project were born and raised in Japan, meaning that we have insight into the local and 
business culture. After establishing ourselves in Japan, we feel then we will be in a stronger position 
to take on the global market. 
 

 

3.	 Platform growth strategy in Japan 

We have three growth strategy steps for the Japanese market. 
 
1. Establish market shares in niche areas (virtual currency, popular anime and manga) 
 
2. Expand into word-of-mouth websites (restaurants, travel, dieting to life events such as school 
admission, marriage, and home purchase) 
 
3. Based on an analysis of accumulated information from users, deploy a new service 
 
Letʼs first take a look at step one. One of the founders of ALIS, Masahiro Yasu, once developed a 
business SNS (Japanese version of Linkedin) in Japan. From that experience, he learned that the 
most important factor for growth of a social platform is "feedback from the users." This is rather 
obvious if you are a Facebook or Instagram user, since many users give feedback. Also, in the context 
of AARRR, what is most important in the initial phase is how the churn rate can be lowered, and one 
of the biggest challenges is "feedback from users." Luckily, this challenge can be met by using token 
distribution logic. The logic will be described later, but basically people will be able to "find 
undiscovered articles and rate it by giving likes." This is a unique solution for how ALIS can give 
rewards, and powerful since it is built into an economic rule. Also, a second important factor for 



6 

growth we looked at is "how to start from a small circle," like Facebook or Mixi. Facebook started as a 
community tool for Harvard University, and Mixi started as tool for a Japanese university, both being 
from a "small circle." To implement this into our strategy, we will first increase the number of articles 
towards "people who are interested in virtual currency and tokens." The reasons are: 
 
1. There is a lot of information about virtual currency that is not reliable, and people are looking for a 
trusted source 
 
2. The information about virtual currency we find is mostly of low quality and useless 
 
3. Most importantly, we are truly interested in virtual currency and tokens, which makes us feel 
passionate about working with these types of articles 
 
With the above in mind, we will summarize the outline of our growth strategy below. 
 
A. Efficiently acquire users in areas that are niche and where many users require highly reliable 
information and sources. 
 
B. Prepare a scheme where users can receive a lot of feedback, with rewards at the core (notification 
alert of new articles by specifying tags, notification alerts of comments on one's article) 
 
Initially, since quantity is priority, we will build a logic system where creators of high quality articles 
will receive more tokens. However, as the platform grows, we feel this ratio should undergo a change. 
We want to change the reward parameters so that key drivers will be maximized at the right time for 
growth, but if we do that, it will be centralized. Therefore, we would like to have users of ALIS tokens 
vote for the parameter adjustments when the time comes. As a reference, below is the system 
diagram at the time of the start of service. We would like to add that this is rather tentative, and as 
the situation changes, many modifications may be required. 



7 

 
The initial system diagram for the service 

 
 
If the strategy above succeeds, ALIS will be able to establish itself as "the platform where trusted 
information and people gather." What we will do after achieving this is: 
 
2. Expand into word-of-mouth websites 
 
This strategy will be focusing on daily events such as restaurants, travel, dieting or life events such as 
school admission, marriage, and home purchase because people tend to look up information based on 
what others say regarding these topics. For example, in Japan, the Japanese version of Yelp, Tabelog 
and Retty are growing. These areas are ALIS's next targets, and we want to cause a disruption with 
our UVP which is both a creator and evaluator of articles that can receive rewards. 
 
Finally, in the long term: 
 
3. Based on an analysis of accumulated information from users, deploy a new service 
 
We are considering building a system where jobs can be ordered and received on ALIS in Japan. 
Currently, there is a Japanese government policy regarding work reform in accordance with a "one 
hundred million people active society" (http://www.kantei.go.jp/jp/singi/hatarakikata/). The reason 
why this policy is deemed as important is Japan as a nation is aging like never seen anywhere in the 



8 

world and is facing a serious shortage of workers. In this situation, when productivity of each worker 
is not maximized, work is broken down into smaller roles, and productivity improvement is sought by 
people working beyond corporate barriers. The main obstacle to this is that "the reliability of an 
individual is not visualized at all." To address this, we hope to utilize the trusted data, which will be 
accumulated through ALIS. This is our hypothesis - people who do good work tend to disseminate 
good information. 
To be more direct, people who do good work are usually trusted. In other words, the data gained via 
information gathering and dissemination can also be utilized for work, and an eco-system tied to 
national policy is possible to be realized. When this eco-system is realized, naturally payments will 
occur. In order to increase the usability of ALIS tokens as currency, we will focus on strengthening the 
wallet function. More specifically, we plan to set up exchanges where people can exchange ALIS for 
fiat and other virtual currencies. 
 
In the next section and thereafter, we explain the ALIS platform in detail. 

 

4.	 Platform introduction and its features 

In ALIS, we will distribute more ALIS tokens to creators of articles rated by users as good, and to 
those who evaluated such articles. In other words, this is social media platform where one can find 
trusted articles and people by means of rewards. Such media itself is rather a new concept, and 
features of our platform in comparison with existing STEEM are: 
 
1. We have only token for simplicity and rules of platform evolution are also simplified 
 
2. We allow for the virtual currency's instability, and by limiting inflation more than STEEM, our 
platform will achieve long-term sustainability 
 
3. We will set the final goal of the "visualization of people's trust" and our vision is promoting this in 
connection with national policy 
 
We will explain about each in the following sections. 

 

 

 

 



9 

5.	 Introduction of screen image 

In this chapter, we will introduce ALIS ʻs specific screen images and functions. 

 
The image above will be the top page of ALIS. At a glance, you can identify whether the 

article is trustworthy by the numbers of "Like" and the amount ALIS coins being paid. In 



10 

addition, it lists reliable people as well as articles, making it easier to find information by the 

author.  

 
ALIS also lists reliable people with their tags of specialty 

 

You can search highly reliable articles and people through tags. The author of the article will 

attach the tags, but we are also planning to develop a function to assign the best tags 

automatically by natural language analysis using the topic model 

(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topic_model). With these kind of functions, ALIS provides the 

value of immediate access to the articles / people that are trustworthy on topics of interest. 

This function, the ability to search for people, makes ALIS different from STEEM. *Please 

note that this screen is only an image, and the design may be changed drastically in the 

future.  

 

6.	 How high quality articles are attracted 

How can requiring the creation or evaluation of articles be considered good? It is when more rewards 
are paid to the people who created or found articles that are deemed good. Additionally, some other 
strong motivations are the desire to contribute to others and fulfilling the need of approval. Designing 
with these needs in mind provides some pre-conditions for creating a social media platform. ALIS's 
reward system will motivate users along with these needs. By being evaluated by those with more 
ALIS tokens, one can receive more rewards. Also, for evaluators of high quality articles, being early in 



11 

evaluating articles deemed good by many people means they can receive more rewards. In addition to 
these, the more ALIS tokens one has, the more rewards they can get. The more one creates or finds 
high quality articles the more ALIS tokens they will get, and such an incentive results in a positive 
spiral effect. This is the reason why it attracts good quality articles. We can make the same point 
when this model is explained using the system diagram below, based on AARRR. This clearly shows 
that the reward system is the key driver for the growth of the platform. We have been describing the 
monetary side of rewards only, but this reward cannot be separated from the need of approval 
previously described. Since the rewards are shown as numbers, this is an index, which indicates their 
contribution to others and the platform. Even if we disregard the monetary aspect, it may be able to 
achieve same effects as number of likes on Facebook, in the context of need for approval alone.  

 
Why Rewards & Feedback are important 

 

7.	 How it can pass on value to people 

The ALIS token cannot be valuable solely by itself. However, if the ALIS platform is deemed valuable, 
and the more it considered valuable, the ALIS token will be valued and traded at a higher price in 
exchanges. 
You might be skeptical, but STEEM has already gained 378 million dollars (as of July 17, 2017), 
therefore this scheme has been proven possible. Also, the Russian "GOLOS"  (which is a STEEM fork) 
has been valued at more than 10 million dollars (as of July 17, 2017). This also indicates a high 
probability of success using this scheme.  



12 

8.	 How ALIS can continue to grow for the long-term 

The most important factor in order to be deemed a truly valuable platform is the user retention and 
desire that makes them want to continue using a platform. There are ways to do this and we have 
tied this to the characteristics of our token, which we would like to mention here. Our token has an 
inflation rate of 50%, which is activated on the platform (please see the explanation later in this 
section), and this inflation is distributed to the users who contribute. This figure was set with the 
awareness that recently virtual currencies were traded in exchanges speculatively. We think it is 
important to create a scheme where those who own ALIS tokens strive for the development of the 
platform. It is therefore important that they receive more tokens, so we set the inflation rate to 50%. 
However, with this condition alone, we can't create a disincentive that prevents people from keeping 
their tokens on ALIS and withdrawing as soon as their tokens value increases. We were inspired by 
PoI in NEM for a way to combat this. 
(http://nemmanual.net/NEM_Technical_reference_JA/PoI/7_PoI.html), 
We will introduce a logic system where time is needed between moving the tokens in order for them 
to take effect. The formula is as follows:  
 
 

𝑓 𝑡 = 	𝑙𝑜𝑔()𝑡					 	1	 ≤ 𝑡	 < 94	1														(	𝑡	 ≥ 94	)  

 
 
Here, t is the number of days elapsed from moving tokens to the wallet on ALIS. There are three 
reasons for adapting the formula above. First, to make show users one of the positive points of ALIS 
is that when t is small, the increase is large. Second, by staying for the long-term, users can benefit 
from ALIS tokens 100%. Third, once withdrawn, it must be re-started from zero to activate, so users 
have the incentive to not withdraw tokens so quickly. For users truly wishing to contribute to ALIS, 
this formula makes sense, and we believe it will contribute to the development of our platform long-
term.  

 

9.	 How tokens are created and distributed 

ALIS is set to procure funds with an ICO, issuing 500 million tokens and exchanging half of them with 
Ethereum. The upper limit of distribution is 250 million and the remaining tokens (250 million) will be 
owned by our stakeholders and us. The reason why we plan to own 50% is that we ourselves will have 
a healthy incentive to develop the platform. However, we must mention that just because we own the 
largest percentage of tokens, doesn't mean we decide how the value of this platform will be created. 
Also, we cannot sell the tokens we own on a whim (we will have a contractual limit on our ability to 
sell tokens). Now, we have stated that the ALIS token distributed via ICO has a 50% inflation rate, and 
here we will explain how the inflation will be distributed. As previously mentioned, the basic idea is 
two-fold: 



13 

 
1. Distributed to those who create great articles 
 
2. Distributed to those who give early evaluations on articles 
 
With regard to amount of distribution, we will create a logic system where the more ALIS tokens one 
owns, the more they can receive from this distribution. In other words, we consider those who 
contribute to ALIS's platform long-term and who hold more tokens as the most important 
stakeholders, so we set the rules in order for them to have more benefits. This is similar to PoI (Proof 
of Importance) and if the user is important and cares about the platform, they will contribute to the 
platform in a healthy way. If this is the case, one potential concern is that if someone purchases a 
large quantity of ALIS tokens they will be able to suddenly change the value of platform as they wish. 
Regarding this concern, as already mentioned, it takes time for ALIS tokens to become effective on 
the platform. In other words, we will prevent users with a large amount of tokens from any 
wrongdoing. We will maintain the incentive to hold the tokens on the platform, killing two birds with 
one stone. 

 

10.	 Details about the distribution of logic and 
adjustment of parameters 

First, we mentioned the overall issuance of ALIS tokens. As described, we plan to issue 500 million to 
begin with, and sell up to 250 million in a crowdsale. Our team will receive the unsold ALIS tokens, 
but we contractually will not be able to withdraw the tokens for three years. Based on the ALIS tokens 
distributed via the crowdsale, we will set the ratio of the ALIS wallet in exchange as 𝑋3, and inside the 
ALIS wallet as 𝑋4 with a 50% inflation rate applied to 𝑋4. The tokens from this inflation will be 
distributed to the creators and evaluators of articles. 
We are going to describe the logic of this distribution, but first we would like to share our principles 
here. 
 
1. Both creators and evaluators are important, but the creation of article takes more time, so creators 
should receive a bigger incentive. 
 
2. The creator of an article will receive more coins as they get more likes. Similarly, the evaluator of 
an article will receive more coins as they evaluate more articles that get more likes. 
 
3. The amount and logic of the distribution of coins should change as the platform evolves. 
 
According to these principles, we will have logic in place where 90% will go to creators and 10% will 
go to evaluators (if we achieved the minimum target of the ICO, which is 350 million yen for the first 
year, the creators will receive a total of 67 million yen, and evaluators will receive a total of 7.5 million 
yen. ＊This figure is based on assumption that the value of ALIS doesn't change). 



14 

This is because we believe it is important to have more articles to start with. However, after that, the 
importance index will shift to the evaluation of articles. In that case, we need to increase the 
distribution to the evaluators. These parameters should change in value in accordance with stages of 
the platform, but if we implement that as operators of this platform, it would be too centralized. When 
we receive a request to adjust this parameter from the community, we will have the ALIS token 
owners vote, and based on those results (with a vote of more than 51%), we will change the 
parameter. Next, we will describe how each creator and evaluator receives tokens in the long term. 
The first base is base point 𝐴6, which is set for the article. This base point will be calculated based on 
actions by both the creator and evaluator. The article created by a creator who owns more ALIS 
tokens will be set to a higher base point 𝐴6. To be specific: 
 
 

𝐴6 = 	
Valid	ALIS	tokens	owned	by	the	user

ALL	valis	ALIS	tokens
	(	𝐴6 = 0.01	𝑖𝑓	𝐴6 < 0.01	) 

 
 
 
This is the ideal setting because the more ALIS tokens one owns, the more incentive they will have to 
promote and support the platform. The evaluator also has evaluator point 𝐵6: 
 
 

𝐵6 = 	
Valid	ALIS	tokens	owned	by	the	user

ALL	valid	ALIS	tokens
∗ 	𝛼 ∗ −	

1
𝑛
𝑥6 + 1 	(	𝐵6 = 0.001	𝑖𝑓	𝐵6 < 0.001	) 

 
 
 
α is a parameter set at 0 when the evaluating user has evaluated another article within 5 minutes, 
otherwise it is 1. Also regarding − 3

W
𝑥6 + 1, n is the total number of users that evaluated the article 

until the article is approved for a reward. 𝑥6 is the order of the users evaluating the article, so the logic 
is such that the user who evaluated earliest will receive more points. These users will like 𝐵XYYZ or 
dislike 𝐵[\Z but for all evaluation points, 𝐵XYYZ for an article will be: 
 
 

𝐵XYYZ 	= 	 𝐵6 ∗ 𝜃
W

6^3

∗ 	𝛿 

 
 
 
Here, θ is a parameter such that if evaluating their own article, it is zero, or otherwise 1, and δ is a 
parameter where it is 0 if the number of evaluating users are less than zero, and 1 if more than 10. 
Similarly, all dislike points 𝐵[\Z for an article will calculated as: 
 
 



15 

𝐵[\Z 	= 	 𝐵6

W

6^3

∗ 	𝛿 

 
 
Finally, the total points Z of the article will be calculated as: 
 
 

𝑍6 = 𝐴6 + 𝐵XYYZ − 𝐵[\Z	(	𝑍6 = 0	𝑖𝑓	𝐵[\Z 	> 2 ∗ 𝐵XYYZ	) 
 
 
This 𝑍6 will be set as article points for the creator of the article. Also the points received by an 
individual who liked 𝐵6

XYYZ, 𝑍 −	𝐵[\Z /	(𝑍 ∗ 	𝐵6
XYYZ)	will be their like point for the article. The remaining 

calculations are easy. The creator receives article points for their article / total article points * ALIS 
inflation * 0.9, and the evaluator will receive like points/ total like points * ALIS inflation * 0.1. Please 
note that the logic in the section is not finalized, but will change in accordance with the growth of 
service. The change will not happen at our whim as operators, but will be carried out in accordance 
via user votes. The above explanation alone will not allow an easy grasp of screen image and 
functionalities, but they are currently being designed and developed, and will be shared as they 
become ready. 

 

11.	 How fraud is prevented 

When the above distribution logic is followed, the following are examples of possible fraud for users 
in token acquisition, and the majority of users can suffer losses if: 
 
1. A user creates multiple dummy accounts and gives likes to articles created by themselves, gaining 
ALIS tokens 
 
2. Certain users collude and give likes to specific articles, gaining tokens 
 
We already have taken measures to prevent fraud. Firstly, we will have measures to prevent the easy 
creation of dummy accounts. Specifically, users must authenticate their accounts with SMS or 
registration with a Facebook account. Secondly, we will monitor potential fraud by: 
 
1. When a user evaluates an article and evaluates another article immediately after, the evaluation 
will be nullified (because statistically there aren't many users who can read articles that quickly). 
 
2. By checking the dislike evaluation ration of a disliked article, the distribution of dislikes to the user 
that are considered to be taking part in fraud will be nullified.  
 



16 

This idea is used by the fraud prevention logic already employed by STEEM, and since STEEM is 
functioning well, we can expect the same for our platform too. 

 

12.	 The Blockchain technology used in ALIS 

Needless to say, the most fitting technology for securing the trust that we are aiming for is with 
Blockchain, ALIS's underlying technology. As represented by Bitcoin, where the currency and 
settlement require the utmost trust was realized without central authority on a global scale, in the 
context of securing trust, Blockchain is far superior to what came before it. They arenʼt really 
comparable since they are in the different leagues. The paradigm realized by Bitcoin is in the realm of 
art, and we are in awe of it. This drove us to launch ALIS. Currently, there has been no case of 
building people's trust using Blockchain in Japan. If this were built, we believe it will secure an 
unparalleled advantage that is not easily reversed. If ALIS can solidify its position in the market as the 
main or only player, according to Peter Thiel this would be advantageous.  
We will use the Blockchain technology for keeping record of evaluations and reward articles created 
by users. The approval is done by users who have valid ALIS coins in the ALIS wallet. These users will 
judge whether the points calculated are appropriate, and distribute them to users as such. The 
Blockchain technology is well suited for the distribution of coins where fraud is most likely to occur, 
so we chose this technology. Also, we are currently evaluating which technology can realize high 
reliability and low cost, such as Ethereum or Microsoft Azure (We are currently certified as a Azure 
BizSpark partner by Microsoft, and are in the process of gaining BizSpark+ status). As for this 
chapter, we haven't completed the technical evaluation, so we promise to keep you posted as more 
information becomes available. At this point, we are planning to use Blockchain technology for 
evaluations and rewards, but for other functionalities we want to evaluate other technologies. So 
please bear in mind that we are in the process of accessing options. 
Unlike STEEM, we plan to use both on chain and off chain depending on the situation. For example, 
posted articles should not be saved in the blockchain, because the data structure is not suitable for 
searching and deep learning. We plan to develop using MySQL, Elastic search, or etc.  
We also plan to change which blockchain to apply by procurement amount. 
 
When the procurement amount is close to 350 million yen: 
We will use Turing-completed environment on Ethereum to implement algorithm of ALIS token. In this 
case, the data writing to Ethereum blockchain will be minimized by extending the amount of time until 
the next token distribution to avoid problem which could be caused by soaring gas price. 
 
When procurement amount is over 500 million yen: 
We will consider implementing a combination of blockchain and private blockchain. Private 
blockchain will not be in-house development. We plan to utilize existing blockchain technology by 
forking and tuning it.  
We will carefully determine which technology to implement along with the ICO, because either choice 
will be the core technology of ALIS and is very important. 



17 

 

13.	 The vision and mission of the team and profiles of 
team members 

The ALIS team's vision and mission are clear. Our vision is to visualize useful information for people 
and accelerate the speed of our growth in the economic sphere of C to C. In Japan, the population 
decrease is a serious issue. Of course there are many facets to this problem, but one way to help to 
alleviate this burden is to increase the productivity of each citizen. The nationʼs vision of a "one 
hundred million people active society" is in the process of carrying out the mission of "work style 
reform." There are ways to improve productivity of each citizen, but one of the most important ones is 
"increasing the range of work one person takes part in."  This, known as a side occupation, is 
increasing, but it has a major obstacle. That is, since an individual (not an organization) is doing the 
work, it can be difficult unless the individual's trust is secured. To address this problem, ALIS is a 
platform where reliable articles and people can meet through networking. In other words, our mission 
is: 
 
1. By use of rewards, useful vs. useless information and trustworthy vs. untrustworthy people can be 
distinguished. 
 
2. No matter how much an individual lacks trust, trust is awarded to those who have created or found 
the useful article. 
 
3. Realizing a platform where people can take part in an autonomous economic sphere. 
 
We believe we can achieve this vision since we are serious, and we think it is a mission we should 
carry out. Also, we would like to mention that the core members are all rather well versed in 
management, business strategy, service development, marketing and engineering, each with their 
own specialization, therefore being a balanced team. 
 
Below are profiles of the core members of our team. 
There are many others who are supporting us, but we believe just listing names is not being sincere 
to our supporters, so we have only the profiles of core members here. If you are interested, please 
join our Slack (https://alis-slack.herokuapp.com/). We would like to communicate with all of you as 
much as possible, so we will respond to as many questions as we possibily can. 
 
 
 



18 

 

 
Masahiro Yasu  
Founder 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Takashi Mizusawa 
Co-Founder / Marketing 

           
 

 
Sota Ishii 
Co-Founder / Engineering 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Yasu is a graduate from Kyoto University, the university with the 
highest number of Nobel Prize winner recipients in Japan. He 
majored in nuclear fusion and analyzed alfven eigenmode raised 
in helical plasma by Fortran. After graduation, he joined Recruit 
Co., Ltd. (The 2nd largest HR company in the world, also the 
parent company of Indeed). Yasu is experienced in business 
development, including business strategy and system 
development of several products, such as business SNS and 
referral tool. He also actively worked on machine learning and 
natural language analysis, and received the GROWTH FORUM 
Award which is the highest prize in Recruit. Currently he also 
serves as a project leader of a joint project with Microsoft Japan. 
 

Takashi started a venture company as a university student. 
After graduation he started his career at the worldwide famous 
Benesse Corporation. After winning the company's annual 
MVP in his first year, he worked mainly in business 
development such as student SNS and education services on 
tablets. After working at Benesse for 6 years, he joined Recruit 
Career Co., Ltd., known for connecting "learning" and 
"working". There he gained experience in business 
development of MOOC and referral tool. He is interested in 
using social networks in HR. He envisions a world where 
individuals can earn success through their own unique 
abilities. 
 

Sota has over 13 years of experience as a system engineer. He 
took on the role as a development leader of a famous 
Japanese HR company. During his time there, he created an 
award-winning HR system that contributed to the company's 
service growth. He is interested in new technologies and 
business, taking on roles in varies positions. He strongly 
believes that blockchain technology will be a widespread 
standard within in a few years. Due to the recent rise of crypto 
currency, he has committed himself to the ALIS project. 
 



19 

 
 

 
Tatsuhiko Kamei 
Regal department 
 
 

 
Kenta Nakamura 
Media and Mass  
communication 
 

14.	 Financing 

We have three potential projections for the value of the ALIS token - optimistic, conservative, and 
pessimistic. For calculation we heavily referred to the current value of STEEM. As a basic logic, using 
a user's value on STEEM as guide, the increase of users is multiplied by their value. Please make a 
note of these pre-conditions here: 
 
1. One user will create two articles on average (User average on STEEM) 
 
2. Everything but number of users (operating members, quality of application, countries where users 
reside) are equivalent to STEEM 
 
Please refer to the table below for the detailed simulation. 
 

Kamei graduated from Japanʼs most prestigious university, the 
University of Tokyo.In addition to the ALIS project, he currently 
works for Recruit Co., Ltd. as a member of the legal staff.He 
handles different fields such as IT, web services, marketing, 
human resource and etc. He specializes in the legal affairs of 
new business developments. 

Nakamura is President of Japan Direction Association. Huge 
success as a Media Director in various fields, involved in 
projects such as production of BITA DIGIMA Lab and 
development of natural language engines. He is also known as 
a Growth Consult for Kaizen Platform. Major publications 
include “Web Directorʼs Textbook”, “Latest Practice for Web 
Direction”. 



20 

 
 
Please refer to the number used for calculation has been published below. 
 

 
 
Please note that these figures are presupposing that the virtual currency market will grow in the long-
term.  
 
 
 



21 

15.	 How the money will be utilized 

We are planning to use the tokens for these purposes if we are able to achieve the minimum amount 
of 350 million yen during the ICO: 
 
1. 25%: Assignment of an experienced development member (experienced in UI/UX designer X 1, web 
designer X 1 and full-stack engineer X 4) 
 
2. 25%: Marketing cost for attracting users 
 
3. 25%: The cost of the application to be approved as a domestic operator 
 
4. 25%: Cost for the members who supported us in the initial stage and future partners  
 
Any amount exceeding 350 million yen will basically go to marketing costs, but they may be used for 
the following purposes: 
 
・Building more a solid back office (accounting and legal) 
 
・Strengthening user support (since we will likely receive inquiries about virtual currency) 
 
・Renting an office space (However, in order to minimize overhead costs, we don't plan to rent an 
office space until it is financially viable. Minimizing costs increases the chance of success) 
 
 

 

 

 

 



22 

16.	 The company operation policy 

We feel that the current stock corporation system is outdated. They lack consistency. Even though 
the shareholders supposedly own a company, the information that shareholders have access to is 
only the dressed-up version presented in shareholder meetings. The directors who have been charged 
with management only make decisions based on the premise of what they feel is absolutely right. 
Decisions are forced onto the employees out in the field. As Gary Hamel wrote in "The future of 
management", the corporation system has stopped evolving for several hundred years and is now 
fossilized, so in order to make an impact in such a situation, we want to manage with rules below: 
 
1. The progress of a project will be transparent using Trello, etc. 
 
2. The communication between members will be as open to public as possible 
 
3. All developed code will be published on Github as an open source 
 
4. As for the direction of company and any changes of the media rules, they will be approved by a 
majority vote of the token holders 
 
5. The salary of employees will be open among all employees 
 
In addition, the currency we receive will come from individuals. To those people, making the 
management as transparent as possible will be our duty, so we believe the rules above should be 
followed. We are not certain how much we can operate within these rules, but we will attempt to 
them carry out to the next generation of management, and create an organization together with the 
supporters who help us. 
 
 

 
"The Future of Management" written by Gary Hamel 

 



23 

18.	 The details of ICO 

 
Our tokensale will start on September 1st, 02:00 (UTC) . You can buy ALIS tokens with 

Ethereum. Please check the further information from the link below. 

https://medium.com/@alismedia/alis-tokensale-details-are-released-a72c260d6c7a 

 

 

 

 



24 

19.	 The conclusion 

Thank you for taking the time to read this. Our vision is to create a media platform, which allows the 
reader to quickly access trustworthy articles/people, freeing people from meaningless advertisements 
and stealth marketing. In addition, we hope to transform into a platform where receiving and placing 
of job orders are possible for B2C and C2C.  
 
The Japanese market has great potential although there are only a few domestic players with an 
advantage in the field of Blockchain technology today. Japan is also well known for its difficulty to 
enter for overseas entities. These points show that the Japanese market holds a huge opportunity for 
a competitive strategy. We have a high chance of succeeding in the Japanese market. 
 
As you can see, we are ready and fired up about the ALIS platform.  We believe this is an opportunity 
to realize what we view as an ideal world, and it is an opportunity to take on the challenge with the 
backing of our supporters. If you agree with our vision of this ideal world, please join the ICO and 
contribute to the development of this platform.   

 

Meet us on 

website: https://alismedia.jp 
slack: https://alis-slack.herokuapp.com  
twitter: https://twitter.com/ALIS_media 
medium: https://medium.com/@alismedia  
github: https://github.com/AlisProject 
trello: https://trello.com/b/BBhg390G/alis 
roadmap: https://trello.com/b/XH5jh4DT/alis-public-roadmap 
 

 

Change log 

August, 20 2017  :  Added Chapter18 “The details of ICO” and Change log. 
August, 31  2017  :  Modified whole text to improve English 
September, 4 2017 : Deleted erichin batoʼs profile 
September, 6  2017 : Deleted information about ICO on NEO 
September, 9  2017 : Deleted why ICO in Hongkong since we launched ICO in Japan 
 




