











































BLOCKPOOL 
WHITEPAPER
MARCH 2017

PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL



Contents

1. The BLOCKPOOL platform

2. The BLOCKPOOL blockchains

3.	 The	BLOCKPOOL	specification



The BLOCKPOOL Platform

The BLOCKPOOL platform is a data agnostic, modular platform coded in Java 
and Javascript.  Its core is designed to solve multiple different problems by 
utilizing plugins, blockchain sidechains and other SaaS modular solutions. 

The BPL Platform will be a data agnostic, digital router used to connect legacy 
systems and leverage the best parts of the blockchain, all while maintaining 
security and system stability.  Our solution is designed to be flexible and easily 
maintained.   

Essentially a data-agnostic digital router or Enterprise Service Bus (ESB), the 
BLOCKPOOL Platform will utilize an API-based object-oriented coding model 
designed to pass data to the required plugins.  The plugins will perform the 
heavy lifting, facilitating communications between legacy system APIs, the 
BLOCKPOOL platform and any subsequent blockchains and legacy systems.  

In some cases legacy systems have become so entrenched within an organiza-
tion that they are either unwilling or hesitant to part with them, however those 
legacy systems are unable to communicate with each other.  Our platform is the 
man in the middle.  Facilitating the hitherto impossible communication between 
closed source software.   

Organizations and corporations are always looking for an easily managed 
way to perform business and manage data more efficiently.  The BLOCKPOOL 
platform will enable corporations to begin integrating their current systems in 
with the blockchain, without requiring extensive knowledge of how the chain 
functions.   



The BLOCKPOOL Blockchains

The blockchain has a problem: bloat.  Eventually this will become far more of 
a problem as developers try to force every little bit into the chain that they can, 
causing forks and inner community fights over block sizes.  Adding legacy 
software into the mix would just compound the issue.  Not all data is required to 
be immutably implanted into the chain forever.  Quite the opposite in fact.

With the BLOCKPOOL Blockchain, we utilize a proven Delegated Proof of Stake 
consensus mechanism. This enables us to provide different kinds of chains to 
our customers.   Not all organisations want to have their business plastered all 
over the blockchain for everybody to see.  In fact most organizations want their 
information to remain completely private. While utilizing the myriad of features 
the blockchain provides, such as smart contracts, permanent data retention, 
and redundancy for core datasets.  Currently many organizations are using SQL 
databases for their customer data retention. This can be an insecure, outdated 
method.  The Blockchain is the perfect solution.  

The BLOCKPOOL Masterchain will be provided Open Source and with full BAPPS 
functionality.  In cases where an organisation would benefit from a public 
chain, the BLOCKPOOL Masterchain will be utilized by creating sidechains and 
BLOCKPOOL Platform plugins to facilitate communication with existing legacy 
systems.  

In many cases organizations and corporations in various different sectors 
require private or pseduo-private chains.  Utilizing side chain technology an 
organization or corporation is able to maintain their own private sidechain, 
all while maintaining a certain control over the pseudo-private masterchain.  
This is given that all participating organizations agree to shared control over 
the masterchain.  This methodology is perfect for industries where cross 
organization communication is essential while private organizations retain 
complete control over their own private information.  The pseudo-private 

masterchain will also provide a level of interorganisational trust that didnít exist 
with previous centralized systems. 

Our blockchain is built in the same fashion as our platform, modular.  Object 
oriented programming allows for better distribution of resources by calling on 
different mini programs instead of one massive piece of hardware intensive 
software.  Currently most blockchain solutions are all or nothing.  They are 
unable to communicate with legacy systems and should remain that way.  A 
blockchain should never be directly connected to any legacy corporate system 
unless used for finance, and even then there are cases where data simply 
shouldnít be placed in the blockchain to begin with.  Our SaaS solution ensures 
only necessary data is immutably implanted into the blockchain, ensuring ease 
of maintenance, security, speed and stability.

FIAT PEGGING

In many cases companies and organizations are looking to facilitate transfers 
of wealth quickly, securely and easily.  By using a private chain with a token 
pegged to the FIAT currency of their choice, they are able to retain a token 
reserve equal to their bank account balance.  This is essential to retaining the 
financial peg.  In these cases the tokens will never be available outside of the 
private blockchain.  By utilizing the BLOCKPOOL Platform and plugins, we are 
able to develop a connection between existing financial payment systems and 
bank accounts.  Utilizing the burn/stake method we are able to retain an exact 
one to one peg on all private chain tokens.

While our Blockchain is more than capable of running full blockchain apps, in 
many cases full BAPPS are either not needed or made redundant by existing 
software. 



BLOCKPOOL PLATFORM PLUGINS

Communication Plugins 

Currently existing corporate legacy systems in many cases are unable to 
communicate with each other and require a bespoke solution.  However APIs 
are sometimes included or able to be developed for these already existing 
systems.  

By utilizing the plugin methodology provided by the BLOCKPOOL Platform we 
are able to provide intersystem communication, where there previously was 
none.  With our plugins legacy systems, will finally be able to share datasets. 
In doing so rapidly speeding up business transactions, verifications as well as 
facilitating data storage whenever necessary and in the best way possible.

Blockchain Plugin

Coded as a BAPP these plugins will communicate with the other BLOCKPOOL 
Communication Plugins. The BLOCKPOOL platform is facilitating a method 
of communication between existing closed source software with existing or 
custom coded software hooks and APIs. 

File Storage Plugin

In some cases large amounts of data storage is required, while requiring 
immutable data retention.  While many have tried to force the Blockchain to 
adapt to these massive datasets, we take a far more novel approach.  One of 
our plugins will utilize the severely under appreciated IPFS (Interplanetary File 
System) protocol. 

This plugin will communicate with the BLOCKPOOL blockchain BAPP to store 
the hashed magnetic links securely within the blockchain.  The plugin will 
encrypt any file needing safe secure storage.  This will allow companies to 
distribute files to storage servers running the BLOCKPOOL Platform, while 
refraining from storing the same files on all servers within the organisation.  

Utilizing this plugin we are able to maintain a specified amount of files, in a Raid 
5 fashion.  Providing the redundancy that many companies require without the 
unnecessary storage bloat, in doing so we provide fast file transfer and avoiding 
costly bottlenecks.  

This has huge implications for cloud storage hosts, medical, art, music, gaming 
and film industries, just to name a few.  BLOCKPOOL file storage plugins would 
also be able to leverage consumer PCs for file storage in a novel, secure, and 
easily maintained and managed fashion. In doing so facilitating a more active 
community base within the organisation.



BLOCKPOOL PLATFORM ALGO

What is DPoS? 

Delegated Proof of Stake is a method for securing a digital token network, 
processing transactions and achieving a distributed consensus regarding the 
ownership of funds without the need for a central authority.

It evolved from the Proof of Stake system, which itself was developed in order to 
reduce the cost and inefficient electricity usage associated with Proof of Work 
systems such as the one used by Bitcoin.

The DPoS method was first implemented as Bitshares by the developer Daniel 
Larimer. The main difference between PoS and DPoS is in the validation of 
transactions. Regular PoS networks require full consensus to validate whereas 
in a DPoS system a limited number of delegated nodes can be assigned to 
validate consensus.

This system is attractive to the private Blockchain requirements of medium to 
large businesses who may be part of a large network but have no requirement 
for full (public) decentralisation. 

We have found that this pseudo decentralised solution is both effective and 
preferable to traditional decentralised digital currency systems.

Blockpool has taken inspiration from the pioneering work of Bitshares, Crypti 
Lisk and latterly ARK to construct a pure B2B data and transaction system that 
can power and revolutionise the way medium and large scale businesses evolve 
and improve. The BLOCKPOOL system provides a myriad improvements in the 
way businesses operate and communicate. It promises a quantum shift that 
will change the way we live and work not unlike the Industrial Revolution did at 
the turn on the last century.



BLOCKPOOL (BPL) SPECIFICATION

 • 201 delegates
 
 • 15 second block times
 
 • 25 million tokens + forging rewards of 5% Annual decreasing 
   1% per year until 1% Annual then switching to a fixed block 
   reward of 0.1 BPL/Block thereafter. 
 
 • 50.25 minute rounds
 
 • Consensus System: DPoS (Delegated Proof Of Stake)

 • Official Ticker: BPL

 Resources: github.com/blockpool-io
 
 Website: blockpool.io
 
 Slack: slack.blockpool.io
 
 Twitter: blockpoolio

 Blog: medium.com/blockpool

 Telegram: blockpool



BLOCKPOOL 


