










































PowerPoint Presentation


First AI Powered

Decentralized Job 

Marketplace 

BOON TECH



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Abstract

Artificial Intelligence could double annual economic growth rates by changing the 

nature of work and creating a new relationship between man and machine. The 

impact of AI technologies on business is projected to increase labor productivity 

by up to 40 percent and enable people to make more efficient use of their time.

However, present job marketplace platforms are overlooking the behavioral 

patterns of users and leave out essential data to increase the capability and 

efficiency of the platform, decreasing the ROI of all parties involved, 

Boon Tech aims to become the world's first Artificial Intelligence powered job 

marketplace to utilize the massive computation power and data analytics to gain 

valuable percentage points of accuracy, giving our users a much higher ROI 

compared to a traditional platform. 

Boon Tech is a decentralized platform and collection of smart contracts forming a 

decentralized job marketplace. Within this framework, the benefits of AI become 

a global commons infrastructure for the benefit of all involved parties.

2



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

.………………………………………………………..……
………….………………….………………………….………

………………..……………….………………................……………...
………………………………………………………………………………

…………………………………………….…………....…

………………….………………………………………
………………………………..…………….……………………...
…….………….….………………………………………………

………………….…………………………………………………………...
….………….……………………………………

…………………….…………………………………….…………………………..
………………………………………………………………

……………………………….……………………………..………
……………….……………………………………………..……
……………………………………………………………….……

……………..………….……………………………………
…………………………..….………………

…………………………………………………………………………………
……………………..……………………………………………..…….………
……………………..…………….………………………………………………

….………………………………………….……….…………………
………………………………………………………….
……………………….………………..………………

……….…………………………………
……………………………..…

……………………….……………….………………………
……………………….………………

………………………………

05

06

06

07

07

08

08

08

09

09

09

10

10

11

11

12

12

13

14

13

14

15

16

18

19

20

20

TABLE OF CONTENTS

13

Abstract ……………...…………………………….……………………………………
..…..……………………………………………………………………..……

02

05Vision

Inspiration

Problem

Basic Rating and Review

Language Barrier 

Behaviour Study is Absent 

Insanely High Service Fees 

Identity Protection

Volatility in Crypto 

Solution

IBM Watson’s Personality Insights 

AIQ

Live Language translator

Zero service fee 

Identity Protection 

Addressing Volatility

How Boon Tech Works

AIQ or Artificial Intelligence Quotient

Big Five 

Needs

Values

Benefits of AIQ 

Decimate Language Barrier

AI Powered Identity Protection

Addressing Volatility in Cryptocurrency 

MainStream Adoptability of Boon Tech Platform 

Blockchain Integration

Hedging against Cryptocurrency Volatility 

Payment flexibility with international transactions 

…….………………………………………………… 21

A Scalable Transaction Infrastructure ……………….……………………………… 20
20Network Incentivization via Inflationary Rewards, with Decentralized Regulation

Industry Market Cap and Fees

3



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

.……….……
………………………….……………….………………………….………

……..………………………………….…………....…

………….……………….………………………………………
………………………………..….……………………...

…….…………
…………………….……………………….…………………...

….………………..……….………………………………………
…….………………………….…………………………..

……………………………………………………
……………….……………………….……………………………..………

………….……….………………………………………..……
……………………..……………………………………….……

………….……..…………….……………………………………
………………………………………..….………………

……………………….……………………………………………………
…………………..…….………
…………………………………

….………………………….……….…………………
……………………………………………………………………….

…………………….…………………………..………………

…………………………..…….…………………………………
………………………………..……………………………..…

..….……………………………………
………………………….………………………….………………

………………………..………………………………

22

23

25

26

28

29

30

31

32

32

33

34

36

38

37

39

41

40

42

43

45

46

47

48

48

40

Freelancer Job Market cap

Abstract

Key principles have been used to guide the design of Boon Tech.

Boon Tech Platform

Recognizing Contribution

Dispute Resolution, Ways to Contribute, Capital Contributions

Boon Coin (BOON)
Boon Dollars (BD)

Mitigating Timing Attacks

Minimizing Abuse of Conversions

Liquidity

Distributing Currency

Payout Distribution

Minimum Balances

The Power of Boon Coin
Engagement 

Solving the Cryptocurrency Onboarding Problem

Solving the Cryptocurrency Liquidation Problem

Boon Tech Revenue Model

Revenue Items

Allocation Summary

Coin Distribution

Boon Tech Platform

The Boon Mobile App (IOS and Android)

Referral Program

Why Invest In The Boon Coin

……………………................……………... 21Market Cap of Industry Leaders

.……………………………………………….…….………..……
……………….………

……………………………...............……………...
……....………………………………………………….…………

…..…………………………………….…………....…

………….….……….…………………………………………
………………………………..…….……………………...

54

55

55

58

59

62

64

Advantages of Boon Coin ……………………...…….………………………………
..……………………………………………………………………….…

53

54Competitors

What is hedging? 

Why hedging is important?

Patent Pending Technology

Boon Tech comparison with Coinlancer and BLocklancer

Boon Tech Team.

Boon Tech Architecture

Boon Tech RoadMap

4

………………………………..…….……………………... 66Marketing Road Map

……………………………..…….………………………………… 44Project Budget



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Vision

Freelancers contribute 1.4 trillion dollars annually in freelance earnings to the world 

economy. 77 million people Freelance worldwide. In America alone there are 53 million 

freelancers. The majority of workers will freelance by the year 2027. Millennials are 

leading the way with 47% of them freelancing, more than any other generation.

Technology is enabling freelancing. The rise of digitization, including elements such as 

smartphone apps, online marketplaces, and cloud computing, has made it easier for 

skilled workers to take up independent productive activities, and create their own 

workplaces.

In numerous respects, today’s standard freelancer marketplace and corporations are not 

up to the task of serving 77 million people efficiently and optimize their ROI. New, more 

flexible, open and rapidly adaptive economic structures and dynamics are needed. 

Blockchain provides a powerful tool for managing secure and almost nil transaction fees. 

However blockchain is just a tool, and it must be used in the right way. A blockchain-

based framework designed to serve the needs of clients and freelancers as they interact 

with each other and with external customers can enable the emergence of a collective 

intelligence.

Boon Tech is designed to deploy Artificial Intelligence for the ever-increasing benefit of 

as many freelancers and corporations/entrepreneurs as possible. 

5

Reference (Click Below)

Inspiration

https://advancedconsult.files.wordpress.com/2017/05/example-3.pdf
https://benrmatthews.com/freelance-statistics/


Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Upwork and Fiverr are the leaders in the freelance marketplace with a combined market 

cap of 1.3 Billion dollars. 

Basic Rating and Review System

The rating system in every contemporary platform is simplistic and lacking intelligence. 

A client cannot gauge the calibre of a freelancer with just a 5-star rating. For example, if 

a client always gives a 5-star feedback(Yes there are people like that) to freelancers, and 

if he rates one freelancer lower, then that is a big event which breaks the pattern..

Similarly if a client has a habit of always giving average reviews but rates one freelancer 

high, that is a huge event which again breaks the pattern and is noted in the Boon 

platform to rate the freelancer. This intelligence is not incorporated into Upwork or Fiverr 

or any other platform. 

Similarly a $5 job and $50,000 job get the same weightage in contemporary platform. 

But in reality, these ranking cannot be equated. It takes a lot more skill, management 

ability and dedication to complete a $50,000 job

Result : Fake reviews. 

Language Barriers

Freelancers and clients often find it difficult to converse with each other due to the lack 

of inbuilt intelligent translation modules with contemporary platforms. This is especially 

difficult hurdle for the freelancers with English as a second language to overcome and 

display their real skill. 

No one is bad at communication, they ONLY find it difficult when they have to speak a 

foreign language.

Problem 

6



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Behaviour Study is Absent

Behaviour of clients and freelancers in the platform are not accounted for in rating or 

reviews. If a client has a habit of creating numerous projects but not hiring any 

freelancer, the metric is not accounted in his rating. Similarly if a freelancer is not 

accepting the jobs he is awarded, its not accounted for his rating and ranking in the 

platform. 

Result : Top talents will not achieve their full potential. Top clients miss top talents in the 

platform. 

Insanely High Service Fees 

Freelancers are charged 20% fees by Upwork.com and Fiverr.com for using the platform. 

Identity Protection

Present platforms lack identity protection. Clients and freelancers have to provide their 

whole bank account, credit card, , national identity cards and other personal details on 

these platforms.

Volatility in Crypto

Every crypto platform ignores the volatility of crypto currencies in the equation.

A platform that ignore the fluctuation of crypto currency is bound to fail.

7



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Solution 

Boon Tech will be the first AI powered decentralized job marketplace with an intelligent 

review system incorporated into the platform. By integrating with IBM Watson’s 

Personality Insights we can predict personality characteristics, needs and values, and 

better understand our customers’ habits and preferences on an individual level, and at 

scale

Artificial Intelligence Quotient  (AIQ)

Boon Tech will be able to collect detailed personality portraits and incorporate the 

findings into our platform with AIQ. AIQ is a score from 1 to 100 to rate a freelancer or 

client, instead the traditional 5 star ratings in contemporary platforms. AIQ will represent 

a broader scale to measure and quantify the personality and behaviour of the users in 

the platform. AIQ will completely eliminate fake reviews.

Every user in the platform is assigned an AIQ score which is a number between 1-100, 

this will eliminate the difficulty in gauging the talent of a freelancer with just 5 star 

rating. 

Live Language translator

Boon Tech will address the language barrier with IBM Watson’s Language Translator 

which instantaneously translates conversations between clients and freelancers. 

A person in China can speak to an American client in his own language and vice versa. 

The translation happens live in the Boon Tech platform. 

IBM Watson’s Personality Insights 

8



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Zero service fee

Instead of the 20% service fee in every other contemporary platform. This will enable a 

freelancer to earn 100% profit  for his effort. Clients will not be treated as the cash cows 

in Boon Tech platform as they are in every other contemporary platform. 

Identity Protection

IBM Watson’s Visual Recognition service uses deep learning algorithms to analyze 

images like ID, faces, and other content. This helps ensure identity protection far more 

superior and safe in the Boon Tech platform. 

Addressing Volatility

Boon Tech address the volatility of the crypto currencies by a patent pending technology 

to eliminate the volatility of the cryptocurrency market and obtain stability in the 

platform

9



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

AIQ or Artificial Intelligence Quotient 

Clients as well as freelancers need methods to estimate the reputation of marketplace 

participants. This is critical for making choices regarding everyday transactions in the 

network, and it also plays a core role in network governance and resource allocation.

Boon Tech platform uses IBM Watson’s AI personality Insights to infer potentially 

unnoticed communications, events, portraits of individuals that reflect their personality 

characteristics.  We uses linguistic analytics to infer individuals' intrinsic personality 

characteristics from digital communications such as email, text messages, phone calls etc. 

The Personality Insights service infers personality characteristics based on three primary 

models:

Big Five 

Big Five personality characteristics represent the most widely used model for generally 

describing how a person engages with the world. The model includes five primary 

dimensions: Agreeableness, Conscientiousness, Extraversion, Emotional range, and 

Openness. Each dimension has six facets that further characterize an individual according 

to the dimension.

HOW BOON TECH WORKS

10



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Needs

Needs describe which aspects of a product will resonate with a person. The model 

includes twelve characteristic needs: Excitement, Harmony, Curiosity, Ideal, Closeness, 

Self-expression, Liberty, Love, Practicality, Stability, Challenge, and Structure.

Values

Values describe motivating factors that influence a person's decision making. The model 

includes five values: Self-transcendence / Helping others, Conservation / Tradition, 

Hedonism / Taking pleasure in life, Self-enhancement / Achieving success, and Open to 

change / Excitement.

Based on this output we assign an AIQ score to all the users in our platform. This score is 

a range from 1-100. 

This quotient is 20 times efficient than the 5 star reviews currently present in any micro 

job platform. 

11



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

BENEFITS OF AIQ 

AIQ can provide insights that help the Boon Tech platform to learn and adapt more 

about our users.  

Understand our customers at a deeper level by learning our clients' preferences, 

improving customer satisfaction, and strengthening client relations.

Improve client acquisition, retention, and engagement.

Guide highly personalized engagements and interactions to better tailor our platform, 

services, campaigns, and communications for individual clients.

Decimate Language Barrier

AI helps us to instantaneously translate the communication between clients and 

freelancers in the Boon Tech platform. With the IBM Watson AI Language Translator 

service, we can identify the language of input text and use a domain-specific linguistic 

model to translate the text into another language.

To translate industry-specific jargon or other types of specialized terminology, IBM 

Watson allow us to customize the linguistic model to optimize it for our needs.

This happens live which allow a seamless and efficient communication between our 

clients and freelancers. 

This feature solves the biggest communication problem present in all other micro job 

platforms,  both legacy and blockchain. 

12



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

AI Powered Identity Protection

AI powered ID Recognition service uses deep learning algorithms to analyze images to 

identify the person without any human interference. The technology allow us to quickly 

and efficiently approve users in our platform. At present we identify all US id’s under this 

module.

13



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

ADDRESSING VOLATILITY 

IN CRYPTOCURRENCY 

Boon Tech currently has a patent pending technology to eliminate the volatility of the 

cryptocurrency market and obtain stability to the platform. 

Boon Dollars created by Boon Tech, makes use of identical mode of operation with the 

one used in convertible notes. 

Convertible notes can be described as short-term debt instruments, the price of which 

will be determined in the future for converting into ownership. Blockchain based token 

and convertible notes are not exactly the same, there is a difference between the two.

14



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Boon has no volatility 

Reliable price, rules to prevent abuse, and liquidity are the major requirements for 

creating Boon Dollars. When there is token-convertible-dollars, the blockchain can grow 

their network. It also results in maximizing the return for token holders. Boon Dollars 

enhances easy and instant conversion of crypto currencies into dollars at market price, 

but this feature does not necessarily mean Boon Dollars would be a suitable Dollar 

replacement. 

The liquidity of assets can be enhanced when the conversion between Boon Coin and 

Boon Dollars takes place. This conversion process happens instantaneously.

The process is referred as hedging. Hedging addresses the fluctuation in cryptocurrency 

market , enabling our users to trust our platform and engage in our platform without 

any fear of monetary loss. 

This solves the most critical aspects of a project being successful or not. 

MainStream Adoptability of Boon Tech Platform 

Mainstream adoption of a blockchain platform is not likely to happen by educating and 

converting one consumer at a time. Instead, it will be more likely to occur by offering 

mainstream audiences a chance to interact with our platform by providing  incentives to 

use our platform without losing any credibility users have in the present platforms they 

use. 

To address the adoptability barriers, we allow freelancers and clients to import their 

present portfolio from legacy platforms  into our platform, 

In other words no user has to start from scratch in our platform if the user is successful 

in another platform.. This is the biggest pain point for users to migrate to any blockchain

platform.

This feature provides a highly usable and compelling reason for the mainstream 

audience to migrate to our platform seamlessly. 

15



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Blockchain Integration

Blockchain technology is a means of transferring money over the internet without an 

intermediary such as a bank or payment processor. It uses a distributed ledger that is 

updated by consensus among the community, rather than held privately.

Boon Tech requires no special innovations in cryptocurrency or blockchain technology, 

and the initial implementation will be built on Ethereum, with smart contracts written in 

Solidity and designed to minimize the gas cost for network operations.

Due to the rapid evolution of cryptocurrencies and associated tools, Boon Tech will need 

to be able to shift between different crypto-economic infrastructures as technology 

progresses. Plans are in place to integrate BTC, LTC and Zcash into our platform. 

Need for Boon Token 

The choice to create a native token for Boon Tech transactions was not made casually.To

create a job marketplace that makes transactions smooth, guarantees international 

access, and incentivizes network growth we require a native token and economic model 

optimized for a peer to peer market.

16



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

In more depth, some of the underlying reasoning was as follows. Boon coin is required 

because:

17

Hedging against Cryptocurrency Volatility

To eliminate volatility in the Boon Tech platform  we require our own token to hedge 

against the USD the most stable currency on the planet. We convert Boon coin into 

Boon dollars and introduce stability in our platform against the crypto currency 

fluctuations. Boon dollars are pegged against the USD, this aspect make our platform 

the most stable platform in this vertical.

Payment flexibility with international transactions 

To ensure fair and non-discriminatory access, a single token unconnected to any 

outside economy is required. Any fiat currency would create barriers to those who 

cannot use that currency, and make the Boon economy vulnerable to manipulation by 

the economy backing that currency

A Scalable Transaction Infrastructure 

We have our own blockchain to enable a vibrant platform and a scalable transaction 

infrastructure. Current networks (Bitcoin, Ethereum) cannot support the transaction 

volume required, nor will they be able to if multiple high transaction volume services 

are running on those chains.

Network Incentivization via Inflationary Rewards, with 

Decentralized Regulation

Inflationary rewards let the network reward participation in a psychologically 

frictionless way. The only other way to reward participation is through taxation of 

others, which creates immense psychological burdens for users.

1

2

3

4



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Industry Market Cap and Fees 

Company Market Cap Fees for $1000 Project

Boon Coin

Upwork.com

Fiverr.com

Freelancer.com

99Designs.com

Peapleperhour.com

Thumbtack.com

Toptal.com

$10 Million

$637 Million

$647 Million

$97 Million

$40 Million

$43 Million

$43 Million

$29 Million

FREE

$150

$200

$130

$200

$150

Per bid cost $25

$200

Market Cap of Industry Leaders 

Upwork $637 Million

Fiverr $647 million

Freelancer $97 million

People Per Hour $200 million

18



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Reference
(Click Below)

19

http://www.worthofweb.com/website-value/upwork.com/


Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Abstract 

Market Cap 10 Million Cap

Cost of BOON token $0.04 

Token Distribution Date 1 week after Token Sale ends

Product IOS/Android App and

Total Tokens ever created 500 Million

Tokens available for Token Sale 250 million or 50%

Direct competitor’s market cap 650 million each 

Web platform 

20



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Returning much of its value to the people who provide valuable contributions 

by rewarding them with tokens which can be redeemed at an exchange,

Through this process create a currency that can reach a broad market, 

including people who have yet to participate in any cryptocurrency economy,

By making the service free for both Entrepreneurs and freelancers, our 

platform rewards both parties and enable Entrepreneurs and freelancers to 

earn more for their effort.

Freelancers and Entrepreneurs are incentivized to use the platform by 

providing a bonus to both parties and encourage the community activities.

1

2

3

4

Fortune 500 companies are jumping on the bandwagon. PricewaterhouseCoopers, 

one of the top Fortune 500 companies, has launched a marketplace where freelance 

workers can upload their resumés and apply to work on projects for 

PricewaterhouseCoopers clients.

Boon Tech aims to support this participation in the freelance economy and online 

communities by:

21



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Key principles have been used to guide the 

design of Boon Tech.

The most important principle is that everyone who contributes to a venture 

should receive pro-rata ownership, payment or debt from the venture. This 

principle is the same principle that is applied to all start-up businesses as 

they allocate shares at founding stages, and again during subsequent 

funding rounds.

The second principle is that all forms of capital are equally valuable. This 

means that those who contribute their scarce time and attention toward 

producing and serving others are just as valuable as those who contribute 

their cash. Known as the sweat equity principle, this is a concept that prior 

cryptocurrencies have often had trouble providing to more than a few 

dozen individuals.

Yet this is already happening on social media platforms. In 2014, Reddit 

hypothesized that its platform would be improved if everyone who 

contributed to the website by posting stories, adding comments or voting 

were rewarded with a share in Reddit, Inc.

Reference (Click Below)

22

https://www.freelancersunion.org/
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/sweatequity.asp
https://www.forbes.com/sites/erikamorphy/2014/10/01/reddits-cryptocurrency-could-have-many-uses/#46e3990c24a3


Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Boon Tech Platform

What if we could diminish these roles? What if users of the job market possessed a real 

stake in the networks they participate in? What if we could align incentives for all parties 

and create a network that naturally promotes behaviours that benefit all participants?

Participants offering a service (Freelancers), most often it is one which can be delivered 

online, will register as 'Freelancers' and offer their availability to do the specific skilled 

job.

Participants seeking certain services will register as 'Entrepreneurs', and will either 

contact 'Freelancers' through the search function or will find the category and skills 

displayed in the Boon Tech Platform. Bidding for jobs and setting requests for services 

will give both participants the ability to interact and find mutual agreements.

The platform will provide a mechanism to ensure that, upon agreement, sufficient 

money is kept in escrow so the freelancers have a safety net as well as Entrepreneurs 

unless there are disputes, in which case the platform will offer conflict resolution 

methods.

With the issuance of the BOON Token (BOON), we create a Users-as-Stakeholders 

network, allowing the behaviour of the platform to become aligned with the interests of 

its users.

A benefit of this model is the network effects it creates. Just as Facebook shifted our 

social attention to build network effects on its closed platform, the BOON Token will 

leverage our economic attention to build the network effect of an open platform.

We believe that crypto economic systems will have even stronger pull than the social 

ones. Our survival instincts, which heavily influence our economic interests, are stronger 

than purely social ones, thus leading to the faster adoption of cryptocurrencies as 

technologies.

23



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

The Boon Tech community provides the following services to its members:

1. A secure platform for freelancers and Entrepreneurs to find talent and jobs.

2. A means to get high-quality service and a committed user base.

3. Free payments.

4. Rewards for engaging in the platform (distributed as Boon Coins)

Boon Coin’s purposeful realignment of economic incentives has the potential to produce 

fairer and more inclusive results for everyone involved than the fiat freelancer platforms 

like Upwork, Fiverr, 99Designs, etc. This paper will explore the existing economic 

incentives and demonstrate how Boon Coins’s incentives may result in better outcomes 

for all participants.

Recognizing Contribution

Boon Tech is fundamentally designed to address the major barriers to the adoption and 

monetization of a crypto currency economy which favors both parties involved. Our 

thesis is that the same techniques used to grow major freelancer marketplace platforms 

can also be used to bootstrap a successful crypto currency.

Economic incentives enabled by crypto currency can dramatically facilitate the growth of 

a new block-chain job market platform.

Boon Coin is the fundamental unit on the Boon Tech platform. Boon Coin is a crypto 

currency token that operates by involvement in the platform, account transaction and 

amount earned for the freelancers. For Entrepreneurs, their influence and rewards earned 

are based on amount spent and activity on the platform.

Under this model, members have a financial incentive to actively participate and spend 

in a way that maximises the long term value of their Boon Coin.

24



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Boon Coin is designed around a relatively simple concept: everyone’s meaningful 

contribution to the community should be recognized for the value it adds. When people 

are recognized for their meaningful contributions, they continue contributing, and the 

community grows. Any imbalance in the give and take within a community is 

unsustainable. Eventually, the givers grow tired of supporting the takers and disengage 

from the community.

The challenge is creating a system capable of identifying what contributions are needed 

and their relative worth in a way that can scale to an unbounded number of people.

A proven system for evaluating and rewarding contributions is the free market. The free 

market can be viewed as a single community where everyone trades with one another 

and rewards are allocated by profit and loss. The market system rewards those who 

provide value to others and punishes those who consume more value than they 

produce. The free market supports many different currencies and money is simply a 

commodity that everyone finds easy to exchange.

Boon Coin is designed to enable effective micro-payments for all kinds of contribution 

by changing the economic equation. Both freelancers and Entrepreneurs are rewarded 

using the platform and no longer face the cognitive, financial, and opportunity costs 

associated traditional fiat based platforms.

There are other forms of contribution that Boon Coin recognizes and rewards using 

objective metrics. Among these are transaction validation, liquidity rewards, and 

reporting misuse of the platform .

25



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Capital Contributions

There are two items a community can offer to attract capital: debt and ownership. Those 

who buy ownership gain a profit when the community grows, but lose if the community 

shrinks. Those who buy debt are guaranteed a certain amount of interest but do not get 

to participate in any profits realized by the growth of the community.

Both types of capital contributions are valuable to the growth of the community and 

value of its currency. Additionally, there are two ways ownership can be held: liquid and 

vesting. Vesting ownership makes a long-term commitment and cannot be sold for a 

minimum period of time.

The Boon Tech network calls these different asset classes Boon Coin (BOON) and Boon 

Dollars (BD).

Ways to Contribute

This section outlines the ideas behind Boon Coin and its 

rewards for people who provide meaningful and 

measurable contributions to the Boon Tech community.

Dispute Resolution

If a dispute between the Service Provider and Service Seeker should arise, the Boon Tech 

Platform will provide a mechanism to ensure that, upon agreement, sufficient money is 

kept in escrow so the service provider is always paid, unless there are issues with the 

service. In such a case the platform will offer conflict resolution methods.

26



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Boon Coin (BOON)

Boon Coin (BOON) is the fundamental unit of account on the Boon Coin 

blockchain.  All other tokens derive their value from the value of BOON. 

Generally speaking, BOON should be held for short periods of time when 

liquidity is needed. Someone looking to enter or exit the Boon Tech platform 

will have to buy or sell BOON. Once BOON has been purchased it should be 

converted into Boon Dollars (BD) to mitigate the impact of dilution over the 

long-term.

For example, someone who buys Bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency and sells it 

ten days later could easily lose 3% or more due to price fluctuations. Someone 

who buys Bitcoin and then sells it the same day will usually pay more than 0.4% 

in market fees alone. In other words, the inflation rate is effectively insignificant 

during the period of time the typical individual will hold Bitcoin.

27



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Boon Dollars (BD)

Stability is an important feature of successful global economies. Without stability, 

individuals across the world could not have low costs while engaging in commerce and 

savings.

Because stability is an important feature of successful economies, Boon Dollars (BD) was 

designed as an attempt to bring stability to the world of cryptocurrency, and to the 

individuals who use the Boon Tech network.

Boon Dollars are created by a mechanism similar to convertible notes, which are often 

used to fund start-ups. In the startup world, convertible notes are short-term debt 

instruments that can be converted to ownership at a rate determined in the future, 

typically during a future funding round.

A blockchain based token can be viewed as ownership in the community, whereas a 

convertible note can be viewed as a debt denominated in any other commodity or 

currency. The terms of the convertible note allow the holder to convert to the backing 

token with a minimum notice at the fair market price of the token.

Creating token-convertible-dollars enables blockchains to grow their network effect 

while maximizing the return for token holders. Boon Dollars are referred to with the 

symbol BD, an acronym for Boon Dollars. Creating BD requires a combination of a 

reliable price, rules to prevent abuse, and liquidity. Providing a reliable price involves 

two factors: minimizing the cost of producing, and minimizing the importance of timing.

28



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Mitigating Timing Attacks

Market participants have access to information faster than the 

blockchain’s one week moving median conversion price can react. 

This information could be used to the benefit of traders at the 

expense of the community. If there is a sudden increase in the value 

of Boon Coin, traders could request conversion of their BD at the 

old, lower price, and then sell the Boon Coins (Boon) they receive at 

the new higher price with minimal risk. Boon Tech levels the playing 

field by requiring all conversion requests to be delayed for one 

week. This means that neither the traders nor the blockchain have 

any information advantage regarding the price at the time the 

conversion is executed.

Minimizing Abuse of Conversions

If people could freely convert in both directions, then traders could 

take advantage of the blockchains conversion rates by trading large 

volumes without changing the price. Traders who see a massive run up 

in price would convert to BD at the high price (when it is most risky) 

and then convert back after the correction. The Boon Tech protocol 

protects the community from this kind of abuse by only allowing 

people to convert from BD to BOON and not the other way around. 

The blockchain decides how and when to create BD and who should 

get it, keeping the rate of BD creation stable and removing 

opportunity for abuse.

29



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Liquidity

Just because BD can be converted to dollars worth of BOON at a fair price in a 

reasonable amount of time, it does not mean it will be viewed as a reliable dollar 

replacement. These assets require liquidity in a market that enables an 

instantaneous conversion between BOON and BD.

The measures a blockchain is forced to take to prevent abuse end up lowering the 

quality of the convertible dollars. To compensate for this loss of quality the 

blockchain can offer a fixed cost reward to liquidity providers. Whereas the 

potential losses from manipulation and abuse are unbounded, the cost of 

encouraging liquidity can be fixed.

A liquidity provider buys and sells BOON. They take on the majority of the short-

term price risk and long-term feed risk, giving the remaining market participants a 

high quality, extremely liquid market within which to trade. BOON has an on-

blockchain market between BD and BOON.

Users can earn rewards by providing liquidity to both sides of this market. The 

blockchain uses a simple algorithm to rank each user’s liquidity provision and 

consumption. A user is considered a liquidity provider if they are using the 

platform for hiring or providing service for Entrepreneurs.

Users must provide liquidity as both a freelancer and an Entrepreneur to qualify for 

rewards, and they must provide it consistently over time.

30



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Distributing Currency

There are two ways people can get involved with a crypto-currency community: they 

can buy in, or they can work. In both cases users are adding value to the currency. 

For the most part, users will be contributing time (work) rather than money. This is 

because the vast majority of people have time to spare to work, not money to spare 

to buy in.

Imagine the goal of bootstrapping a currency in a poor community with no actual 

cash but plenty of time. If people can earn money by working for themselves then 

they will bootstrap value through mutual exchange facilitated by a fair 

accounting/currency system.

Distributing a currency to as many people as possible in a manner that is perceived 

as fair is a challenging task. The tasks that can be entirely evaluated by an objective 

computer algorithm are limited in nature and generally speaking have limited 

positive external benefits. In the case of Bitcoin-style mining, it can result in the 

production of specialized hardware and cause people to invest time in developing 

more efficient algorithms.

It may even help find prime numbers, but none of these things provide meaningful 

value to society or the currency holding community at large. More importantly, 

economies of scale and market forces will end up excluding everyone but experts 

from participating in this kind of distribution.

Ultimately, computation-based mining is just another way of buying in because it 

requires money to pay the electric bill, or for the development of hardware 

necessary to do the work. To give everyone an equal opportunity to get involved 

and earn the currency, people must be given an opportunity to work.

The challenge is how to judge the relative quality and quantity of work that 

individuals provide, and to do so in a way that efficiently allocates rewards to 

millions of users. This requires a platform which allocates funds, and it must be as 

distributed and decentralized as possible.

31



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

The first step in rewarding millions of users is to commit to distributing a fixed 

amount of currency regardless of how much work is done. This changes the 

question from being “Should we pay?” to “Whom should we pay?” and signals to the 

market that money is being distributed and is being auctioned off to whoever “bids” 

the most work.

As an example, Bitcoin committed to awarding 50 BTC to whoever finds the most 

difficult hashes. Similarly, all work must be completed prior-to payout, and nothing 

should be paid speculatively on the promise to do work in the future. The next step 

is to provide everyone who does anything even remotely positive with something 

rewarding. This is accomplished by ranking all work done. The more competitive the 

market becomes, the more difficult (higher quality or quantity) it becomes to earn 

the same payout.

32



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Payout Distribution

One of the primary goals of Boon Coin’s reward system is to produce the best 

discussions on the internet. Every year 10% of the market capitalization of Boon 

Coin is distributed to top contributors. At the size of Bitcoin, this could be as much 

as $1.75 million dollars per day being given to top contributors. The actual 

distribution will depend upon the market capitalization, but we envisage that the 

vast majority of the rewards will be distributed to the most hard-working 

contributors.

Zipf’s Law is one of those empirical rules that characterize a surprising range of real-

world phenomena remarkably well. It says that if we order a large collection by size 

or popularity, the second element in the collection will be about half the measure of 

the first one, the third one will be about one-third the measure of the first one, and 

so on. In general, the one-thousandth-ranked item will measure about 1/k of the 

first one.

Zipf’s Law

The economic effect of this is similar to a 

lottery where people overestimate their 

probability of getting votes. Thus they do 

more work than the expected value of 

their reward and thereby maximize the 

total amount of work performed in 

service of the community.

Taking contribution as a rough measure of value, then the value of each 

item is given by Zipf’s Law. That is, if we have a million items, then the 

most popular 100 will contribute a third of the total value, the next 

10,000 another third, and the remaining 989,900 the final third. The 

value of the collection of “n” items is proportional to log( n ).

The fact that everyone “wins something” 
plays on the same psychology that casinos 

use to keep people gambling. In other words, 

small rewards help reinforce the idea that it is 

possible to earn bigger rewards.

Reference
(Click Below)

33

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zipf's_law


Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Minimum Balances

The concept of forcing users to maintain a minimum balance flows naturally from 

the value of a user. Anyone running a business knows that every single user has 

significant value. Businesses spend anywhere from $30 to $200 to acquire a user. 

Sometimes they pay users directly, other times they pay for advertizing. Sometimes 

entire companies are bought just for their user base. After a company acquires a 

user, they often give them many free services to keep them around long enough to 

monetize them through some other means.

Ripple uses a minimum balance that scales with account resource use and requires 

that new accounts get funded with at least this minimum balance. Currently, this 

minimum balance is about $0.15 which is greater than the $0.10 we estimated 

would allow someone to transact freely at least once per week

A blockchain can enforce a minimum value per user through the simple process of 

requiring a minimum balance. Any business that wishes to bring a new customer to 

the blockchain can pre-fund that user’s account with the minimum balance that 

would allow them to transact. Requiring a relatively large fee ($1.00) to join will 

naturally vet the quality and uniqueness of each account before registering them 

with the blockchain.

Maintaining a minimum balance is effectively the same as making users pay 

transaction fees with the interest they could have earned on their balance. The 

minimum balance is simply the balance required to earn enough interest to pay a 

fee in a relatively short period of time.

Fortunately, the minimum balance required can be as low as a dollar, and this is 

something users can understand and appreciate.

The opportunity cost of lost interest doesn’t incur the cognitive cost of a micro-fee 

and is far more acceptable to users.

Reference
(Click Below)

Forbes, Tristan Louis, 

“How Much is a User Worth?”

Reference
(Click Below)

Ripple, Account 

Reserves

34

https://www.forbes.com/sites/tristanlouis/2013/08/31/how-much-is-a-user-worth/#7dfdce901c51
https://ripple.com/build/reserves/


Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

The Power of Boon Coin

Boon Coin recognizes that the value of all user participation is greater than the sum 

of the parts. A single participant is worth next to nothing, but millions of 

participants working hard to the success of the platform are worth billions of dollars.

A single participant provides little quantitative value, but having millions of users is a 

very effective strategy.

Because everyone benefits, everyone participates. People are less likely to abandon 

the platform, unlike all the current fiat currency-based platforms, because of the 

transaction fees. In other words, no individual user should be expected to pay for 

anything, but instead should be paid for everything they do that brings value to 

Boon Tech Platform.

In the search for hiring the best talent, entrepreneurs have been so focused on who 

should pay that they missed the obvious reality: everyone benefits from each other’s 

contributions, so either everyone should pay or no one should pay, depending on 

how you look at it.

Boon Tech platform bypasses micro-payments completely because when an 

Entrepreneur hires and pays a freelancer, all parties involved (the Entrepreneur, 

freelancer and the community) get the benefit.

The Entrepreneur gets the job well done, plus he earns rewards. The more capital 

that they spend on the platform earns the Entrepreneur earns more rewards.

The freelancer gets paid as well as rewarded. The more work they do through the 

Boon Tech platform, the more rewards freelancers earn.

The community gets boosted with more capital flowing 

into the Boon Tech platform.

The mental energy associated with making an 

economic decision becomes a barrier to participation 

for most people. For example, the thought of handing 

over 20% of earnings just to be given the job is seen as 

a barrier to taking on the work. Additionally, a $25 fee 

just to bid on a task (Thumbtack.com) is too much to 

ask someone who has little money (hence why they are 

on the site in the first place).

35



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Every freelancer on the existing fiat platform wants to directly work with the 

Entrepreneurs after they establish trust to avoid the membership fees, service fees and 

delay in payment.

Existing platforms have a lag time for freelancers to get paid. Freelancer.com, for 

example, has a lag time of 30 days. Which means a freelancer gets paid for his work 

after 30 days he completed the work.

Some of the existing platforms charge freelancers for bidding for each project. 

Thumbtack, for example, has the highest bidding fees. For a web design project, 

thumbtack.com charges $25.00 for one bid without any guarantee for that job.

Upwork.com and Peopleperhour.com charge $2.00 -$3.00 for a bid after an initial 60 

bids. So freelancers have no incentive to work for the same Entrepreneur for repeat 

work which, in turn, reduces the engagement ratio for freelancers.

The return ratio of Entrepreneurs and freelancers are abysmal in all of these fiat based 

platforms due to these factors.

In Boon Tech platform, Entrepreneurs and freelancers are incentivized to return to the 

platform for rewards.

The more they engage in the platform, the more money and rewards they earn.

Engagement 

Existing fiat platforms have a major drawback 

with returning Entrepreneurs. Once an 

Entrepreneur hires a freelancer and they establish 

a mutual trust, they can work directly with each 

other outside of the platform to avoid the 

platform fees.

36



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Solving the Cryptocurrency Onboarding Problem

It isn’t easy to get into cryptocurrency . Someone who discovers Bitcoin and wants to 

try it out quickly learns that they will need to sign up with an exchange and fund their 

account with a credit card or wire transfer. What would Facebook’s adoption rate have 

been like if you had to fork over money and a two forms of ID?

Boon Coin solves this problem by giving everyone a way to get paid for doing simple, 

but valuable, tasks, and contribute . This will help to the widely distribution BOON 

tokens. This is helpful because cryptocurrencies have a network effect (i.e., more users 

make it more useful; for an extreme example, consider that if Satoshi had kept 100% of 

Bitcoin for himself, Bitcoin would be worthless.)

Solving the Cryptocurrency Liquidation Problem

A currency that is difficult to use or impossible to sell has little value. Someone who 

comes across $1.00 worth of Bitcoin will discover that it costs more than $1.00 to sell 

that Bitcoin. They have to create an account with an exchange, perform KYC validation, 

and pay fees. Small amounts of cryptocurrency are like small change that people are 

unwilling to bend over to pick up.

Merchants give users a way to quickly convert their cryptocurrency into tangible goods 

and services. Merchants need a currency pegged to their unit of account, normally 

dollars. Accepting a volatile currency introduces a significant accounting overhead.

Merchants will accept any currency if it increases their sales. Having a large user base 

with a stable currency such as BOON lowers the barrier to entry for merchants. The 

presence of merchants improves the system by creating an off-ramp for users to exit 

the system without going to the trouble of using an exchange.

Another way that people can liquidate the small amounts of cryptocurrency they 

receive on the Boon Tech platform is through tipping others. This is like leaving the 

small change as a tip for your waiter. When enough people leave small tips, it adds up 

to a meaningful amount. You and the service provider each gain a benefit from the tip.

Micropayments: A Viable Business ModelReference:
(Click Below)

37

http://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/cs201/projects/2010-11/MicropaymentsAndTheNet/


Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Free membership Gold Membership Platinum Membership

Boon Tech Revenue Model

Boon Tech Platform has various types of revenue models

Preliminary membership for freelancers is free. Boon Tech offers Gold and Platinum 

memberships, which must be paid for.

$29.99 Per Month

500 Bids Free per month

Display 50 skills 

Display 50 Portfolio items

Access to projects worth up 

to 100,000 USD

$99.00 Per Month

5000 Bids Free 

Unlimited Skills

Unlimited Portfolio items

Unlimited access

Free

200 bids Free per month

Display 10 Skills

Display 10 portfolio items

Access to projects worth 

up to 5000 USD

Paid Bid Highlight

Free NDA Projects

No Sealed Project

No Entrepreneur 

Followings

Bid Highlight Free for first 

100 bids

Free NDA Projects

10 Sealed Project 

10 Entrepreneur 

Followings

Bid Highlight Free for 

500 bids

Free NDA Projects

Free sealed Project

Unlimited 

Entrepreneur Followings

38



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Revenue Items

1. Price for bids after the initial quota

for Projects Under $1,000

for Projects between $2,000 and $4,999

for Projects between $5,000 and $9,999

for Projects $10,000 and above

2. Membership fees for Gold and Platinum membership.

3. Two types of membership for Entrepreneurs 

Per Month for premium Entrepreneurs

4. Featured Bid. Cost varies as per the price of the project. 

value project will require a Featured Bid fee of 

5. There will be three featured bids like Google Ads

2. Test for freelancers. Charge for technical tests on the platform.

Use of Funds

The proceeds from the funds will finance development, partnership programs, 

regulatory and most importantly, marketing and customer acquisition.

Any money we receive from pre-sales over our minimum will largely go to marketing 

and customer acquisition. This creates a value multiplier for the project: as we have 

more money we will be able to spend a higher percentage on customer acquisition 

and boost spending commensurately.

$1.00 

$2.00 

$5.00 

$25.00 

$49.99 

$1000 .00

5% 3% 1.5% 

5% 

39



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Allocation Summary

40



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Public Contributions: 

of BOON created during the Contribution Period will be allocated to the 

Public Contributors who send ETH to the smart contract address.

Research and Development:

of BOON created during the Contribution Period will be allocated to the 

research and development of the platform.

Reserve for Future Stakeholders:

10%

Marketing and Legal and Compliance: 

There are legal costs that go along with setting up an international financial 

services operation. Certain services planned for the Boon platform, such as a 

‘fiat to token’ exchange, may require proper regulatory approval and licenses 

in some jurisdictions. Although these licenses are not typically difficult to 

acquire, they incur costs: bonding, capital and operational.

Boon Core Dev:

created during the Contribution Period will be allocated to Status Core Dev; 

the Founders and Team, locked in a smart contract with a 24 month vesting 

period, and six month cliff.

Project Budget

Funds raised during the Contribution Period will be used solely for the development 

and benefit of the Boon Platform. The level of funding received dictates the distribution 

of funds. However, our BOON coin reserve structure allows us to reduce the volatility 

along the way towards achieving our long term objectives. BOON is the first ever job 

platform which is completely free for both Entrepreneurs and freelancers and is built on 

peer-to-peer technologies. The progress we have already made reaching our alpha 

suggests that the viability of these technologies is reaching widespread mobile use, but 

we are keenly aware of the tremendous amount of work ahead of us.

50% 

15% 

10% 

5% 

20% 

41



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Coin Distribution

Amount to be raised during Token Sale

Total coins 

Token Sale 

Remaining tokens are used for the 

distribution over the platform -

Total coins – Token Sale

Coin price

Why Ethereum?

Before stakeholders can communicate and transact with one another, they require a 

medium in which to do so. Traditionally this has always been done by a trusted 

intermediary (the Owner). With the advent of the Ethereum public blockchain and its 

related sub-protocols forming the backbone of Web 3.0, and Whisper (for peer-to-peer

communication), we can now provide users a medium of agreements that is 

decentralized, permission-less with has fair access and is cryptographically verifiable.

A medium that maintains an ‘immutable’ transaction record as long as the majority of 

the Ethereum network collectively agrees. With Ethereum, the world possesses the 

technology necessary to build a better model for the Internet.

10 million Cap

500,000,000.00 (500 Million)

250,000,000.00 (250 million )

250,000,000.00 (250 million)

$ 0.04

We believe the Ethereum public blockchain will continue to 

permeate advantages of financial technologies, legal systems, the 

internet of things and decentralized applications. Ethereum is 

ultimately a social technology, and for its realized impact to equal 

its perceived potential we need to maximise its utility for non-

technical users. It also, it needs to be ubiquitous and always 

accessible, and it needs to become part of our daily lives - without 

compromising on decentralization.

(Kramer et al.l 2014)

Reference
(Click Below)

42

http://www.pnas.org/content/111/24/8788.full


Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Boon Tech Platform:

User Interface

Boon Tech platform will have two interface points:

The website will have similar features as the mobile apps and will be accessible on 

any web browser.

Upon accessing the website or mobile app, the user will be presented with the 

following options:

1. Join Boon Tech as Entrepreneur

2. Join Boon Tech as Freelancer

3. Manage my account

Once the user is logged in, they will be able to extend their options; they are eligible 

to become a Freelancer if they joined originally as an Entrepreneur, or vice versa.

4. Create service offer

5. Search for Service Requests.

6. Search for Service Providers (if service seeker, based on categories and keywords)

The Web Portal The IOS/Android-native 

Applications

Bid on available jobs matching their skill sets

• Provide feedback and rate freelancers for Entrepreneur accounts

• Provide feedback and rate Entrepreneurs after the project is completed

• Message capability within the platform

• View wallet and rewards.

Fee Structure

There is no Service Fee in Boon Platform.

43



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

The Boon Mobile App (IOS and Android)

To introduce the next part of the revolution, we need to understand how people 

interact with technology and how they live their daily lives.

Boon App is an open source, multi vendor platform and web 3.0 browser, designed 

to interact with decentralized applications that run on the Ethereum Network. Built 

using decentralized technologies, Boon App provides a window into the emerging 

decentralized web. As an ecosystem of decentralized applications, Boon App 

becomes a gateway to undeniable free trade, peer-to-peer payments, and 

encrypted p2p communication for anyone with a smartphone and internet access.

Boon App and Ethereum provide the foundation necessary to give all stakeholders 

easy access. The Boon App, which is currently in alpha, and available for Android & 

iOS, allows users to:

User Acquisition Engine

Achieving our mission ultimately requires one thing: widespread end-user adoption.

Using the Boon Coin, we can design mechanisms for growth that have been tried

and tested in Web 2.0, while providing greater transparency and better alignment of

incentives for participants.

Create projects Award projects Communicate 

with 

Entrepreneurs 

and Freelancers.

Get notifications Accept projects

Reference (Click Below)

44

https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Whisper-PoC-2-Protocol-Spec
http://swarm-gateways.net/bzz:/theswarm.eth/ethersphere/orange-papers/1/sw^3.pdf


Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Referral Program

In addition to the effort to claim market, we are exploring the possibility of a 

mechanism for a two-way referral program. Solving the problem of fraudulent sign ups 

requires the integration of more advanced reputation and identity systems, such as 

Civic Iintegration.

Why Invest In The Boon Coin

Solutions

Boon Tech uses the blockchain platform, in 

which the revenue stream is not dependent 

on extracting money from the Entrepreneurs 

or freelancers by charging them fees.

Instead, Boon Tech platform revenue is 

dependent on providing value to both 

Entrepreneurs and freelancers regarding the 

quality of the service. This, in turn, will reflect 

on Boon Coin being widely used, thus 

increasing the market cap of Boon Coin.

For Entrepreneurs and Freelancers, if the 

market cap of Boon Coin increases their 

rewards also increase. Every participant in this 

platform has the same end goal, which 

increases the market cap of Boon Coin. 

Challenges

Every current Fiat Freelancer platform is 

tilted towards the owners of the platform. 

The agenda of owners is not to give value to 

the Entrepreneurs or freelancers using the 

platform, but to extract as much money as 

possible from the Entrepreneurs and 

freelancers through service fees and a 

percentage of each completed job. 

45



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Solutions

Offer a platform for Freelancers where there 

are no fees so that freelancers receive every 

dollar they work for.

Boon platform will be free for life for 

freelancers.

Additionally, Boon Platform offers rewards to 

Top Earners which will motivate them to use 

the platform more. The Boon Tech platform 

also provides a referral bonus, which 

incentivizes a wide adoption of the platform 

among freelancers.

Challenges

Freelancers are not paid in full on any of the 

existing Fiat job marketplace platforms. 

Freelancers are at the mercy of the owners of 

the Fiat platform companies. But Freelancers 

have no other option but to use the 

platform. If the owner's increase the service 

fee, freelancers have no option other than 

continuing using the platform because 

Freelancers have to work hard and work for 

low fees to gain good reviews. If Freelancers 

abandon the platform, they will lose the 

value of years of hard work to maintain a 

profile on the platform with good reviews. 

Solutions

A platform which aligns the agenda of 

Entrepreneurs and the platform owners.

The Boon Tech platform offers more incentives 

by providing rewards for spending on the 

platform.

This enables us to build trust, and motivate 

Entrepreneurs to use the platform more. 

Challenges

Exorbitant service fees of 20% to get a job 

done for the majority of the existing Fiat 

based platform. Owners are dependent on 

these fees to generate profit. Owners 

agenda is to extract as many fees as possible 

for a transaction. Entrepreneurs know they 

are the cash cows and ONLY use the 

platform when it’s totally necessary.

46



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Solutions

A platform which offers rewards to both 

Entrepreneurs and freelancers so that both 

parties are incentivized to use the platform for 

repeat work even after both parties establish 

trust.

Offer a platform that diminishes the earnings 

for both parties, if both parties abandon the 

platform.

Boon Tech offers rewards for Entrepreneurs 

and freelancers for using the platform. This 

energizes both Entrepreneurs and freelancers 

to use the platform more.

Challenges 

Repeat usage of existing Fiat based platform 

are abysmal once an Entrepreneur finds a 

perfect candidate.

If there is a trust factor established between 

the Entrepreneur and the freelancer both 

parties ditch the platform to avoid the 

service fees.

Once the trust is established, it’s in the 

interest of both Entrepreneur and freelancer 

to work directly with each other, avoiding 

the middleman which is the fiat platform to 

avoid the service fees.

Solutions

Boon Tech platform incentivizes freelancers to 

use the platform with existing Entrepreneurs, 

enabling them more good reviews for their 

profile.

Freelancers are motivated to use the platform 

for repeat reviews from existing 

Entrepreneurs, which makes their profile more 

enticing to new Entrepreneurs. 

Challenges 

Freelancers sacrifice earning for reviews in 

every existing fiat based platform.

More reviews on a freelancer profile builds 

the credibility of a freelancer, especially from 

repeat Entrepreneurs. 

47



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Solutions

Offer a platform which offers an incentive to 

freelancers to bring more existing 

Entrepreneurs they are working with currently.

Boon Tech offers rewards for using the 

platform for both Entrepreneurs and 

freelancers.

Use case: A freelancer is working with a client 

whom he met through an organic channel like 

Google. Freelancers will suggest the new 

client use Boon Tech platform for the project 

because the freelancer can earn more in 

rewards and earn more reviews to boost his 

profile.

Entrepreneurs will be incentivized to use Boon 

Platform because their capital is safe in 

escrow, and earn rewards for using Boon 

Platform.

All these aspects are missing in the current fiat 

based job marketplace platform

Challenges 

Customer acquisition cost of existing fiat 

based is high due to the conflict in agenda 

between the Entrepreneurs and owners of 

the platform.

Entrepreneurs use a fiat based platform only 

to hire new talent if they are not satisfied 

with the existing talent they are working 

with.

Freelancers will never refer a fiat based 

platform for their existing clients due to lack 

of incentives the current platform offers for 

employees. 

48



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Solutions

Offer a platform which incentivizes 

Entrepreneurs (who are not otherwise using 

any platform) to use Boon Tech for their 

existing clients and work.

Boon Tech provides a platform which 

incentivizes Entrepreneurs to bring more 

freelancers to use Boon Tech platform through 

rewards and security of escrow.

Challenges

Entrepreneurs don't refer or promote new 

freelancers on existing fiat based job 

marketplaces.

Solutions

Users do not need a bank account to use the 

Boon Coin. Users need to create an account 

with Boon Tech which automatically creates a 

wallet, which gives them access to 

international financial services at low fees. 

There are no lengthy processes, paperwork or 

postage required.

Challenges 

For users to enter the fiat based job 

marketplace system, they require bank 

accounts to use the financial services. 

According to the World Bank‘s Global Fidex 

report, over two billion adults do not have 

bank accounts, making the current fiat 

marketplace exclusionary.

Solutions

The BOON Coin has a charge of 0.1%.

Challenges 

Mainstream e-commerce payment 

instruments such as debit cards can come 

with +0.5% charges; credit cards with 1-5%., 

PayPal 3% fees.

49



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Advantages of Boon Coin

Purchasing the Boon Coin during the Token Sale rounds have the following benefits for 

early enthusiasts and backers of the Boon Coin:

Token holders can get access to the services provided within the BOON 

Ecosystem.

BOON Coin and cryptonised assets‘ transfers within the entire ecosystem.

The BOON Coin can be exchanged with major cryptocurrencies.

The BOON Coin is currently only available through Token Sale rounds but will 

later be made available to purchase.

BOON Coin holders will have the liberty to sell their BOON Coin on the market 

at their discretion after the Token Sale ends.

If the Token Sale is mostly successful, the price of the BOON Coin will 

automatically increase.

Solutions

Through BOON Coin wallet, transferring 

assets (cryptocurrencies + cryptonised 

securities) p2p is reduced to mere minutes.

Challenges 

Transferring funds between Entrepreneurs 

and Freelancers using current fiat based 

systems is archaic and lethargic at best. It 

can take from two days to six months before 

both parties are in possession of their assets.

50



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Competitors

There are no competitors that use blockchain technology with a combination of reward 

system, which makes Boon Tech platform more affordable and enticing for investors as 

well as users.

However, there are similar companies which offer the service on a fiat based platform. 

The closest companies are Upwork.com and Fiverr.com. These two companies have a 

combined revenue of 1.3 Billion dollars a year.

Both of these companies charge a 20% service fee for every transaction between 

Entrepreneurs and freelancers.

Upwork.com charges another $2.00 for each bid after an initial 60 bids allocation per 

month.

What is hedging? 

The best way to understand hedging is to think of it as insurance. When people decide 

to hedge, they are insuring themselves against a negative event. This doesn't prevent a 

negative event from happening, but if it does happen and you're properly hedged, the 

impact of the event is reduced. So, hedging occurs almost everywhere, and we see it 

everyday. For example, if you buy house insurance, you are hedging yourself against 

fires, break-ins or other unforeseen disasters.

Reference
(Click Below)

51

http://www.investopedia.com/articles/basics/03/080103.asp#ixzz4rnQ0ecYB


Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Why hedging is important?

Use Case 1 - Ethereum price drops in the middle of project. 

An Entrepreneur awards a project to the freelancer for USD $3500.00 . Present market 

rate for Ethereum is USD $350.00. Let's assume this project takes one month to 

complete. After 15 days Ethereum drops in value and now it's 50% less which is USD 

$175.00. 

For the freelancer who accepted the job at USD $3500.00  now will receive only USD 

$1750.00 with the current market price. Most likely the freelancer will walk away from 

the job. Entrepreneur will not be willing to pay the etc money because Entrepreneur 

bought the ethereum at the market price of USD $350.00 . So he will be spending one 

and half more to complete this project. 

So if there is no hedging against USD in this platform, the business will fail. 

So if there is no hedging or a dispute resolution system against USD in this platform, 

the business will fail.

Use Case 2 - Ethereum price increase during the project duration. 

An Entrepreneur awards a project to the freelancer for 3500.00 . Present market rate for 

Ethereum is USD $350.00 . Let's assume this project takes one month to complete. After 

15 days Ethereum increase in value and now it's 50% more which is USD $525.00

For the freelancer who accepted the job at USD $3500.00  now will receive more USD 

$5250.00 with the current market price. Most likely the Entrepreneur will walk away 

from the job. Entrepreneur will not be willing to pay the etc. money because 

Entrepreneur bought the Ethereum at the market price of USD $350.00 . So it's 

Entrepreneur's best interest to re-negotiate the deal. This will result in a dispute every 

time. Ethlance doesn't have a dispute resolution system. 

So if there is no hedging or a dispute resolution system against USD in this platform, 

the business will fail.

Patent Pending Technology
Boon Tech currently has a patent pending technology to eliminate the volatility of the

52



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

cryptocurrency market and obtain stability to the platform. Boon Dollars created by 

the Boon Tech, make use of very identical mode of operation with the one used in 

convertible notes.

Ethlance.com don't have any hedging against USD in their platform and this is huge.

Convertible notes can be described as short-term debt instruments, the price of 

which will be determined in the future for converting into ownership. Blockchain

based token and convertible notes are not exactly the same, there is a difference 

between the two.

A blockchain based token represent the ownership in the community and a 

convertible note is a debt denominated in terms of other commodity or currency. 

The holders of the convertible token have the advantage to convert token at the fair 

market price with a minimum notice. Reliable price, rules to prevent abuse, and 

liquidity are the major requirements for creating Boon Dollars. When there is token-

convertible-dollars, the blockchain can grow their network. It also results in 

maximizing the return for token holders.

Boon Dollars enhances easy and instant conversion of crypto currencies into dollars 

at market price, but this feature does not necessarily mean Boon Dollars would be a 

suitable Dollar replacement. The liquidity of assets can be enhanced when the 

conversion between Boon Coin and Boon Dollars takes place.

This conversion process happens instantaneously.

The Blockchain finds measures to prevent abuse of the process, this results in 

lowering the value of the convertible dollar notes. Thus, rewards are arranged and 

given to liquidity providers to compensate for this loss of value and quality.

53



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Boon Tech is highly confident that our platform will devastate 

the existing business model of these two companies, and 

bring both Entrepreneurs and freelancers from the fiat 

platform to the Boon Tech platform.

In summary, none of our closest competitors currently have a blockchain and incentive 

based system implemented that compliments a revenue model of earning money for 

utilizing the skills of a freelancer. We believe that the decentralization and 

implementation of a blockchain technology, with the ability to extend extra capital to 

freelancers and Entrepreneurs will not only to enable job marketplace affordability but 

also the accessibility of the mobile ecosystem, and is the core strategic difference 

between Boon Tech and its competitors.

Features Boon.Tech Ethlance.com

Hedge against Crypto 

currency fluctuation

Yes No

Dispute resolution Yes No

Earnings protection Yes No

Portfolio Showcase Yes No

IOS and Android App Yes No

Coins Accepted ETH, BOON ETH

Block Chain platform Yes Yes*

*What is the difference between Ethlance and Boon Tech?

Ethlance uses ethereum blockchain. Ethereum blockchain given the use of increase in 

size of public blockchain has always been an ongoing concern. Our solution is that  

Boon Tech created our own blockchain to make transaction faster and scalable. 

Advantage of this is the scalability.  

54



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Boon Tech comparison with Coinlancer and BLocklancer

55

Features
Coin

Lancer



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Boon Tech Team 

Team Highlights 

• 60 plus years of combined Software development experience from Oracle Corp, 

Thomson-Reuters, IBM and General Electric (GE) 

• 30 plus years of combined Experience at Oracle Corp.

• 22 plus years of combined Experience at Thomson Reuters .

• 5 plus years of combined experience at IBM. 

• Built and sold a startup company to Oracle Corp.

• Author and published a book on Service Oriented Architecture.

• Senior director of sales for a billion dollar company.

• Owner of first Bitcoin exchange in Texas.

• CTO of a start up company which has a million dollar revenue.

• COO of a company with five mobile App products with more than 500,000 

downloads.

Rajesh Pavithran 

• Based in Washington DC

• IBM Certified Technical Architect with software 

development experience of 19 years. 

• Author of Simplified Service Oriented architecture.

• Worked as Technical Solution Architect at Oracle Corp 

and IBM corporation.

• CEO of Boon Info Tech. 

• Working on blockchain related project from 2017. 

Click Here:

Click Here:

56

https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajesh-pavithran-4497a479/
https://www.amazon.com/Service-Oriented-Architecture-Rajesh-Pavithran/dp/1926800036


Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Govindraj Malehithlu 

• Based in California

• Computer science engineer with 20 plus years of 

experience in Business Development.

• Strategic Marketing, Key Relationship management 

and Partnerships.

• Worked as director of sales for a billion dollar 

company. 

• Chief Operating officer of Mobigraph a Mobile App 

company with 2 Apps on the App store and Play Store.

• 500,000 plus App downloads.

Sunil Jacob 

• Based in California

• Masters in Computer Science. 

• 11 years at Thomson-Reuters. 

• Thomson Reuters acquired the start company Sunil 

Jacob was the part of.

• Managing block chain projects at Thomson Reuters.

• 20 years of experience in the technology field.

Click Here:

Click Here:

Bobby Mathew 

• Based in Bangalore

• Masters in Computer Science.

• 12 years at Oracle Corp as Group Manager.

• 3 years at IBM Corporation.

• Chief Technical Officer at Leaseworks, a cloud based 

software which manages airline assets real time. 

• Specialize in Oracle Database and applications.

• A total of 20 years of experience in the technology field. 

Click Here:

57

https://www.linkedin.com/in/govindarajmalehithlu/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sjacob2008/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/bobbymathew/


Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Boon Tech Architecture

Boon Coin FAQ

What is Boon Coin?

The Boon Coin (symbol: BOON) is a token based on the Ethereum blockchain 

technology. It is the core asset in the new Boon Tech platform described in this 

document. Users possessing BOON can exchange them for hiring and earning in the 

Boon Tech platform.

What does Boon represent?

​Boon is Ethereum-based tokens in the Boon Tech platform as described in this 

document. They are not refundable, nor are they securities or for speculation. There is 

no promise of future performance. There is no suggestion or promise that Boon have, 

or will hold, a particular value. Boon gives no rights in the company and does not 

represent participation in the company. Boon is sold as a functional good.

Reference

Global Findex 

Any value received by the company may be spent without conditions. ​Boon Initial Coin Offering 

purchases are meant only for experts in cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software 

systems. There is no guarantee that the ​Boon platform will be successful and have any long-term 

value whatsoever.

(Click Below)

59

http://www.worldbank.org/en/programs/globalfindex


Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

What ​ ​crypto-currencies​ ​are​ ​accepted​ ​in​ ​the​ ​crowd sale?

ETH will be accepted in the crowd sale. You will be required to have an Ethereum wallet 

pointed at the token/crowd sale address to participate in the crowd sale. ​Boon coin is 

Ethereum derived tokens. If you hold BTC or some other crypto-currency, it can be 

exchanged for ETH via third-parties and used to participate in the crowd sale.

When​ ​will​ ​the​ ​crowd sale​ ​happen?

The crowd sale will happen on December 15th 2017. The exact day will be dependent 

on finalizing the contract and completing the full audit and may be changed by Boon 

Tech. The contract will be made available on the Boon Tech Official public Github 

repository once it is finalized.

What is the price of Boon?

Boon will be sold at a fixed ratio to ETH. The goal is to raise up to $10 million USD 

equivalent in ETH for selling 500 million Boon Coin, which will determine the exchange 

rate and will be set immediately before deploying the contract.

Are Boon coin transferable?

Crowdsale purchased Boon coins are transferable once the token sale event finishes.

60



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

Boon Tech RoadMap

1. Boon Tech IOS and Android App – Earn, Hire & Save

A. Phase I - October1st, 2017

• Entrepreneurs can hire Freelancers using Boon Tech App.

• Freelancers can receive jobs from Entrepreneurs and start earning.

• Accepts crypto-currencies - Boon Coin and Ethereum

• Messaging between Entrepreneurs and Freelancers.

• View earnings and transfer funds using integrated ERC20 compatible wallets in the 

app.

B. Phase II - Q1 2018

• Integrated Artificial Intelligence to Android and iOS

• AI powered talent matching algorithm. 

• AI powered live language translation 

• AI Powered Identity Protection.

C. Phase III - 3rd Quarter 2018

• Integrate BTC, ZCash and Litecoin wallet.

• Feedback integration.

• Integrate Video Calls in the App.

61



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

2. Boon Tech Website platform – Earn, Hire & Save

A. Phase I -September 1st, 2017

• Entrepreneurs can hire Freelancers using Boon Tech App.

• Freelancers can receive jobs from Entrepreneurs and start earning.

• Accepts cryptoCurrencies - Boon Coin and Ethereum

• Messaging between Entrepreneurs and Freelancers.

• View earnings & transfer funds using integrated ERC20 compatible wallets in the app.

• Fully functional dashboard to manage projects for both Entrepreneurs and 

employees.

• Customer support system integrated.

• Dispute resolution system.

• Fully functional Escrow system.

• Integration with Coinbase exchange to sell or buy Ethereum.

• Rewards integrated into the platform

B. Phase II - December 10th, 2017

• Integrated Artificial Intelligence to the Web Platform

• AI powered talent matching algorithm. 

• AI powered live language translation 

• AI Powered Identity Protection. 

C. Phase III - 1st Quarter 2018

• Integrate BTC, ZCash and Litecoin wallet.

• Integrate tests for Freelancers inside the platform.

• Integrate video calls in the platform.

62



Boon Tech
An Incentivized Block-chain Based Freelance Marketplace

D. Phase IV - 3rd Quarter 2018

• Integrate code base platforms GitHub and CodeBaseHQ for Gold and Platinum 

members.

• Integrate Atlassian JIRA bug tracking system for Gold and Platinum members

• Accepts Fiat Currencies - USD, AUD, CAD and EURO.

Marketing Road Map

A. Phase I - 1st Quarter 2018

• Invest more in tools and software, try to automate the marketing to improve 

efficiency.

• Develop a partnership with job market corporates like Indeed.com and monster.com 

by providing value (e.g. provide ads for no charge in Boon Tech Platform).

• Run ad campaigns, social media campaigns, reach out to influentials in the domain, 

hire a strong marketing team and bloggers.

B. Phase II - 1st Quarter 2018

• Continue the marketing campaign, AB testing all channels and avenues.

• Strengthen the marketing team and build a strong core group of people in 

marketing.

63


