








































Microsoft Word - 180306 - CanYa_Whitepaper - Word.docx


 

Whitepaper 

The world’s best blockchain-powered 
autonomous marketplace of services. 

Version 1.7 - March 2018 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 2 of 41  canya.io 

Table of Contents 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 

8. 

9. 

10. 

11. 

12. 

13. 

14. 

Executive Summary 

Token Sale 

Platform 

Smart Contracts 

CanYa Rewards 

Ecosystem Growth & Cryptocurrency Volatility 

Decentralisation Roadmap 

Budget 

Roadmap 

Team 

Market 

Current CanYa App Features 

Summary 

Due Diligence 

6 

9 

12 

15 

21 

23 

24 

25 

26 

28 

33 

36 

38 

39 

Table of Contents 2 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 3 of 41  canya.io 

V1.1 Amendments 
 
All Sections - Update to styling 

 
V1.2 Amendments 
 
Section 2 - Update to ICO Structure 
Section 4 - Inclusion of Token Burn in Asset Contract 
Section 10 - Update to Advisory Board 
 

V1.3 Amendments 
 
Section 1 - Clarification on compliance and regulatory aspects 
Section 2 - Addition of KYC explanation.  
Section 4 - Clarification on function of smart contracts. 
Section 5 - Clarification on token reward mechanisms.  
Section 6 - Clarification on volatility of the coin. 
Section 7 - Clarification on curation/arbitration features. 
Section 14 - Addition of further company information. 

 
V1.4 Amendments 
 
Section 2 - Halving of Hard Cap & unsold tokens to be sent to the Asset Contract 
 

V1.5 Amendments 
 
All Sections - Update to styling 
Disclaimer - Addition 
Section 4 - Clarification of Smart Contracts & addition of the Charity Pool 
 

V1.6 Amendments 
 
All Sections - Update to styling 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 4 of 41  canya.io 

Disclaimer 
 
This material is provided by CanYa Services Pty. Ltd. (“CanYa”, the “Company”), for informational 
purposes only, and is not an offer or a solicitation to buy or sell any securities or other financial 
instruments. Tokens are not intended for speculation and afford the holder no rights in, or claims 
to, any of the assets of CanYa or in any way a share in any profits that CanYa may achieve. 
Interested parties acknowledge agreeing to the Privacy Policy, and Terms and Conditions. This 
document is subject to change and must be accompanied by the previously agreed to documents, 
which remains in effect regardless of decisions to participate or engage with CanYa. 
 
This paper describes the current vision for the CanYa Platform. While we intend to attempt to 
realise this vision, please recognise that it is dependent on quite a number of factors and subject to 
quite a number of risks. It is entirely possible that the CanYa Platform will never be implemented or 
adopted, or that only a portion of our vision will be realised. We do not guarantee, represent or 
warrant any of the statements in this paper, because they are based on our current beliefs, 
expectations and assumptions about which there can be no assurance due to various anticipated 
and unanticipated events that may occur. These events may include further regulations or legal 
advice that require CanYa to obtain relevant licenses and approvals. 
 
There are several references throughout this paper to features being '... integrated', 'under 
development' or '... planned'. These references are for informational purposes as to the CanYa vision 
only and are not representations or warranties to the effect that those features are currently 
integrated or will be integrated in the future. Additionally, several references appear throughout 
this paper to certain features being '...subject to regulatory approval'. CanYa will attempt to obtain 
all relevant licenses and approvals if and when required, and will only implement such features 
once such licenses or approvals have been obtained. However, CanYa does not represent, warrant 
or guarantee that such licenses or approvals will be obtained and that any features described in 
this paper will be implemented. 
 
Please know that we plan to work hard in seeking to achieve the vision laid out in this paper, but 
that you cannot rely on any of it coming true. Blockchain, cryptocurrencies and other aspects of our 
technology and these markets are in their infancy and will be subject to many challenges, 
competition, regulation and a changing environment. We will try to update our community as 
things grow and change, but undertake no obligation to do so. 
 
Interested parties acknowledge that the CanYa Platform, as described in the CanYa whitepaper, 
may never in fact operate as intended. A CanYaCoin is intended solely as a mechanism for using 
the services offered through the CanYa Platform. CanYaCoins are not for speculative investment. 
No promises of future performance or value are or will be made with respect to CanYaCoins, 
including no promise of inherent value, no promise of continuing payments, and no guarantee that 
CanYaCoins will hold any particular value. CanYaCoins are not participation in the Company and 
hold no rights in said company. All proceeds received by the Company may be spent freely by the 
Company absent any conditions. 

 
 
 
 
 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 5 of 41  canya.io 

Foreword 
 
My team and I founded CanYa in 2015 with three core principles.  
 
The first is that services should be truly peer-to-peer — there is no need for a third-party. For 
thousands of years we’ve exchanged value directly for another’s skill or service; third-parties are a 
compromise. The second is that a true meritocracy will deliver the best experience for all users; the 
best providers should get the most work, and should charge the most for their services. The third is 
that careful design can be harnessed to deliver on the promises of technology, and that interfaces 
can serve seamless experiences between the digital world and the real one. 
 
With these principles in mind, we invested our time and money to realise that vision. From concept 
in 2015, development in 2016 and a successful soft-launch in 2017 in a small Australian market, the 
CanYa project is being delivered. Over 3400 provider listings have been created with 7600 users 
engaging on the platform, and monthly growth in double digits. Over a thousand peer-to-peer jobs 
have been processed with less than 1% requiring our arbitration. 
 
With the power of blockchain technology, we can deliver on the next phase of this journey. Not 
only can payments be decentralised, autonomous and instantly global, but so can curation, 
arbitration and soon storage and even computation. The entire marketplace infrastructure will be 
truly peer-to-peer. 
 
But most importantly, we believe in a world powered by cryptocurrency commerce. 
Cryptocurrencies still have less than 0.1% of the user-base, trading volume and liquidity of fiat 
counterparts, but exceed in potential across all facets. We feel the primary barriers to adoption are 
the availability of crypto-enabled merchants, the learning curve associated with acquiring and 
spending crypto-currencies, and the presence of fees. 
 
We believe we’ve solved this with CanYa; an incredibly easy, delightful and accessible tool to pay for 
services anywhere in the world using crypto-currencies. The CanYaCoin and wallet will be the heart 
of the platform, allowing a single medium of trustless exchange between users, removing fees and 
cryptocurrency volatility, and empowering the wider cryptocurrency ecosystem (subject to 
regulatory approval). 
 
Yours in decentralisation, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

John-Paul Thorbjornsen 
CEO and Co-founder, CanYa 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 6 of 41  canya.io 

 
 
 
 

CanYa is a recently launched working, feature rich platform in the home & digital services industry. 
The platform is currently made up of mature iOS & Android apps to find, book, pay and review 
service providers. A web app is in beta. Exchanges are currently available in Australian fiat through 
a licensed third-party.  
 

The CanYaCoin (CAN) will soon power the platform’s payment system, enabling a decentralised, 
trustless and hedged escrow service, a bridge between fiat and a variety of cryptocurrencies, a 
powerful rewards system to encourage network effects, and incentivised user-curation and user-
arbitration. 1 
 
CanYa is hoping to raise 30,685 ETH by offering 60,000,000 CanYaCoins. Funds raised will be used 
to integrate the cryptocurrency payment layer, provide liquidity for the hedged escrow contract, 
expand features and undertake an aggressive global launch with marketing, translations and 
infrastructure. 
 
CanYa is the ultimate link between cryptocurrency and the real world. The ERC20-based token is 
backed by the value of skilled human services with an estimated value of $2tn globally. The token 
can be exchanged in the platform and converted to real world skilled labour. A freemium 
subscription model provides a constant demand for the token and a revenue stream for the 
platform. By integrating fiat payment gateways, CanYaCoin aims to become a legitimate gateway 
of fiat into crypto, enhancing the entire ecosystem and accelerating mainstream adoption.  
 
The CanYaCoin sale allows users an opportunity to secure CanYaCoins at a discount. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                
1 Subject to CanYa obtaining relevant licenses and regulatory approval. Features will only be 
implemented if, and when, such licenses or approvals have been received.  

1.  Executive Summary 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 7 of 41  canya.io 

 
 
 
The CanYa platform is a fully featured 

marketplace of peer-to-peer services that consists of iOS & Android apps and a beta web-app. 
CanYa includes inbuilt chat, VoIP, calendar, alerts, payments, listing management, reviews, quotes, 
direct bookings, detailed pricing, job broadcast, multi-user jobs and more.  
 
(1) As a client, you can load your CanYa wallet with CanYaCoin and a variety of cryptocurrencies. 2 
 
(2) As a client, you can instantly connect and pay for services locally and globally, with no fees. 

CanYa supports most peer-to-peer services with an emphasis on home & digital services. Users 
help curate and verify new service providers with reviews.  

 
(3) As a service provider, you will can CanYaCoin for your skills and services. Service providers can 

spend CanYaCoin in the app or exchange it and send immediately to a Bitcoin or Ether wallet. 
 
(4) As a service provider, freely advertise your skills and services to a micro-local & global 

marketplace or pay a small monthly subscription for enhanced featured status. CanYa is a true 
meritocracy — the best providers get the most exposure and work. 

 

 
“Book & pay my cleaner with crypto? I’m in!” 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                
2 Subject to CanYa obtaining relevant licenses and regulatory approval. Features will only be 
implemented if, and when, such licenses or approvals have been received. 

1.1  Core Features 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 8 of 41  canya.io 

 
 
 
 

Maria | Virtual Assistant | Caracas, Venezuala 
Maria struggles to find clients willing to pay her in Bitcoin, which she prefers due to her country’s 
volatile fiat currency. She lists herself on CanYa and is able to receive payments in CAN, which she 
can spend on other services in CanYa or exchange freely to ETH/BTC. 
 

Praveen | App Developer | Hyderabad, India 
Praveen is a high quality app developer in Hyderabad. He wants to reach a global client base but 
doesn’t want to pay high commissions to traditional platforms. Praveen lists himself on CanYa and 
uses a fully-featured web client to access a global task list. Praveen loves that his high rating means 
he has great exposure.  
 

Sarah | User | Vancouver, Canada 
Sarah has a sizeable crypto portfolio, and wishes she could spend it easily. She uses CanYa to hire a 
local 5-star landscaper to build her a new backyard and pays him in cryptocurrency. Her landscaper 
can easily convert & withdraw the cryptocurrency as fiat straight from one of Vancouver’s many 
Bitcoin ATMs. 
 

David | Plumber | Melbourne, Australia 
David is a big believer in cryptocurrency and wants to grow his client base. He loves referring his 
existing clients to CanYa to receive payments in cryptocurrency. CanYa’s multi-user job feature 
makes it easy for property tenants to book & review David whilst their property owners pays 
remotely in CAN once the job is complete. 
 

“CanYa will accelerate the mainstream adoption of 
cryptocurrencies” 

 

 
 

1.2  Potential Use Cases 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 9 of 41  canya.io 

 
 
 

There will be precisely 100,000,000 tokens in circulation. There will be a hard cap of 60,000,000 
CanYaCoins available for sale. The token offering will exclusively accept ETH. CanYaCoins will be 
distributed after the ICO.  
 

2.1 Private Sale 
 
26,000,000 CanYaCoins will be sold privately to strategic investors who bring long-term value to 
the project.  
 

2.2 Public Sale 
 
34,000,000 CanYaCoins will be sold across the public sale, which will be conducted over two 
stages and will commence in November 2017.  
 
The CanYaCoin Sale will include a “Dolphin” tier — which is an exclusive invite-only bucket of tokens 
that will be made available to members of the public who contribute to the CanYa community in 
various ways.  The Dolphin tier will be on-going until the main sale. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The main sale will run for 30 days or until sold out. At the conclusion all unsold tokens will be sent 
into the Asset Contract. 3 
 
*Indicated price only - will change from Ether price fluctuations 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                
3Subject to CanYa obtaining relevant licenses and regulatory approval. Features will only be 
implemented if, and when, such licenses or approvals have been received. 

2.  Token Sale 

Stage Amount ETH: CanYa Bonus Maximum 
(ETH) 

USD Value* 

Dolphins 14,000,000 1 ETH : 1400 40% 10,000 $ 2,500,000 

       

1 4,000,000 1 ETH : 1200 20% 3,333 $ 833,333 

2 16,000,000 1 ETH : 1000  16,000 $ 4,000,000 

Total: 34,000,000 250   29,333 $ 7,333,333 
 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 10 of 41  canya.io 

 
The total supply of tokens will be fixed and disseminated in the following manner: 
 

 
 
 
Founder tokens will be locked for 12 months. 
 
The Reward Pool is used by the platform to incentivise users and is discussed in detail further 
down. 
 
 

 
 
 

2.3  Dissemination 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 11 of 41  canya.io 

 
 
 
 

CanYa is offering CAN Tokens to the public for future use in the platform. The following is the 
purpose of the token, to be integrated in the future roadmap, and subject to regulatory approval: 
 
(1) A consumptive use token for providers to access premium features in the app, contributed 

monthly.  
 
(2) A loyalty token to reward users who participate in the platform, contributed to them when they 

perform certain activities in the ecosystem. 
 
If compliant with all local regulations, and appropriately licensed to do so: 
 
(3) A medium of value exchange allowing providers to invoice their services in CAN tokens.  
 
(4) A store of value, allowing providers to retain payments in the CanYa wallet.  
 
Note: The CanYa Wallet will be a modular open-source wallet that allows users to store tokens 
locally. CanYa will not hold user tokens or the private keys to the tokens.  
 
CanYa currently facilitate Australian fiat payments using a licensed third-party. Integration of fiat 
payments facilities in the CanYa ecosystem proposed in this white paper will require further 
licensing and regulatory approval, through CanYa, or through a third-party.  
 

2.5 Know Your Customer (KYC) 
 
KYC checks will be performed by CanYa for all ICO participants. This will be done for the following 
reasons: 
 
(1) As part of the CanYa fully integrated wallet service, CanYa is planning on integrating fiat 'on/off 

rails' services to allow users and providers to pay for services by credit card and withdraw 
payments to their bank accounts.4 These services will eventually require regulated KYC/AML 
checks, so it is necessary to start the compliance process now. 

 
(2) The cryptocurrency marketplace is becoming saturated with a number of ICO activities and it is 

becoming increasingly difficult to determine legitimate projects. CanYa has a legitimate team, a 
legitimate product and a legitimate ICO and so will be including KYC to demonstrate 
authenticity and our commitment to the CanYa project. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                
4Subject to CanYa obtaining relevant licenses and regulatory approval. Features will only be 
implemented if, and when, such licenses or approvals have been received. 

2.4  CanYaCoin (CAN Token) 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 12 of 41  canya.io 

 
 
 
 

CanYa was beta-launched in a small Australian city (Darwin) in late December 2016, and then soft-
launched in a major Australian city (Adelaide) in 
January 2017. CanYa has been successfully tested in a 
market and has an existing user-base. 
 

3.1  Peer-to-peer    
 
CanYa is a peer-to-peer platform where clients 
choose & interact directly with the person who will be 
providing the service instead of a third-party. Using 
smart contracts, the platform will provide a trustless, 
secure and fast payment service. 
 

3.2 Service-Agnostic 
 
CanYa is suitable to a vast array of different services 
from professional licensed services to casual per-hour 
services.  
CanYa currently has over 200 services and 400 
different skills listed for providers, all submitted by 
users. CanYa includes features that make it flexible for mobile services, brick-and-mortar services, 
one-time jobs, recurring and group bookings. 
 

3.3  User-Generated 
 
CanYa's content is primarily user-generated & rapidly scalable. Providers add listings themselves 
and can request further services, skills and licences. 

 
3.4 Self-Curating and Self-Balancing 
 
CanYa is a true meritocracy and is thus self-curating.Providers with good reviews will see more 
exposure and therefore more work. Good providers will see high demand and can afford to start 
charging higher rates. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3. Platform 

The operational CanYa App 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 13 of 41  canya.io 

 
 
 
 

3.4 Self-Curating and Self-Balancing (Continued)  
 
CanYa automatically assesses and ranks providers on 15 different metrics, including 
 

1. Verifications (4 tiers) 6. Response Rate 11. Profile Engagement 

2. Licences 7. Completion Rate 12. Referrals 

3. Skills 8. Quote Rate 13. Reviews (4 metrics) 

4. Listing information 9. Online Status 14. Badges 

5. Profile Views 10. Loyalty 15. Ratings 
 
 
New providers are given a 7 day exposure boost to ensure they can penetrate an established 
provider base. All providers are given the opportunity to continually improve their profile and 
behaviour to ensure maximum exposure.  
 

3.5 End-To-End 
 
CanYa is an end-to-end solution providing discovery, engagement, booking, job tracking, payment, 
receipt issuance and review capture. CanYa also includes free media-rich messaging, free voice 

calling and a free quote & invoice service. 
 
 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 14 of 41  canya.io 

 
 
 

 
3.6 Smart with Machine Learning   Planned 
 
The worst experience with hiring services is usually caused from hiring the wrong service. CanYa is 
planning on using the thousands of job requests processed in the platform, together with the listed 
skills and descriptions, to train ML algorithms to better match job requests with the right providers 
and to extract the right information from users easily.  
 
In future, users will simply ask the platform for help, and the right providers are immediately 
notified. This vastly improves the experience of the platform. 
 
 

3.7 Chat Bot Engagement    Planned 
 
CanYa have already built and implemented a media-rich messaging service native to the app and 
sees thousands of messages sent between users each week. CanYa is in the early stages of building 
a smart chat-bot to engage users and providers. The chat service can be used to process job 
requests, as well as helping providers manage their schedule. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 15 of 41  canya.io 

 
 
 

 
 
 
Ethereum smart contracts provide a trustless hedged escrow which aims to protect cryptocurrency 
value for users, as well as processing the platform revenue stream and disseminating rewards for 
incentivised network effects.   
 

4.1 What is a Smart Contract? 
 
A smart contract is a fully automated protocol that exists on the blockchain in order to facilitate, 
verify and then execute the performance of an agreement. Smart contracts allow users of 
blockchain technology to make good on promises that have been specified in digital form without 
the need for third parties or written documentation. 

 

4.2 Trustless Hedged Escrow  Under Development 
 
At the heart of the transaction process is a smart contract that holds secured cryptocurrency for the 
provider. With an Ethereum smart contract, the user does not need to trust the platform or the 
third-party 5 to send their cryptocurrency. Due to volatility in cryptocurrency, CanYa aims to create 
an internal pool in order to provide collateral to hedge the amount of cryptocurrency sent to the 
smart contract. CanYa have recently partnered with Digix and will be using the Digix token ('DGX') 
in order to secure the store of value for the hedged escrow function. Digix is a cryptocurrency 
backed by gold as every 1 DGX = 1 gram of gold. The value of the escrow will then be protected via a 
stable cryptocurrency and the internal pool will bear the cost and risk of any volatility in relation to 
the hedged amount. CanYa aims to provide protection against downswings of up to 20% with 
further protection being covered on a pro rata basis to be determined. Please note the 
development of the hedged escrow function is subject to a number of regulatory and technical 
developments and every effort will be made to ensure participants are aware of developments in  
this area.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                
5Subject to CanYa obtaining relevant licenses and regulatory approval. Features will only be 
implemented if, and when, such licenses or approvals have been received. 

4. Smart Contracts 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 16 of 41  canya.io 

 
 

4.2 Trustless Hedged Escrow (Continued) 
 
An example of the process: 
 

Step 1 - A client books a provider for $100 and sends crypto to a smart contract. Immediately an 
equivalent $100 from the store-of-value base is collected in a hedge contract.  

Step 2 - The provider completes the job and sends the $100 invoice. 
Step 3 - The client releases the payment.  
 -> The value of the escrow has reduced to $90: $10 is exchanged from the hedge to pay the 
 provider $100. 
 -> The value of escrow has increased to $110: $10 is exchanged out to maintain a $100  
 invoice. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 17 of 41  canya.io 

 

4.3 Dispute Resolution 
 
CanYa has already built an effective automatic dispute resolution system, but this will be enhanced 
with a smart contract. The smart contract holds the cryptocurrency, but allows both parties to take 
recourse against each other and encourages them to negotiate. The CanYa app encourages users 
to negotiate via inbuilt-chat features and the ability to amend or dispute issues arising from the 
invoice.  
 
In the event the negotiations between parties is fruitless, either party can request arbitration from 
CanYa at a non-refundable cost of 5% from the total amount residing in the escrow smart contract. 
CanYa may provide a member of the management team or a mutually agreed third party to 
conduct the arbitration and all parties agree to be bound by any decision made. Ultimately, Canya 
aims to promote peer-to-peer dispute resolution and allow other platform users to assist in the 
dispute resolution process and arbitrate on issues arising from a job.6 
 

                                                
6 See Section 7 Roadmap. These features are subject to CanYa obtaining relevant licenses and 
regulatory approval. Features will only be implemented if, and when, such licenses or approvals 
have been received. 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 18 of 41  canya.io 

4.4 Trustless Payment Automation  Planned  
 
Smart contracts allow for the automation of many business 
process that can execute without trust from any involved party. 
For CanYa, this includes deposits, milestone payments and even 
recurring payments.  
 
For a deposit, the provider specifies that a certain amount of the 
job be paid upfront, with the rest held in escrow. For milestone 
payments, the provider breaks the job into smaller parts and is 
paid incrementally. The provider can set milestones themselves, 
which execute payments on request, or are time-based. After 
each payment, the smart contract holds the next milestone 
payment in escrow. The smart contract also handles recurring 
payments, paying the provider out on terms that they agree with 
the client. 
 
 

4.5 Amended Invoices  
 
 
If a provider amends or issues an invoice lower than the 
escrowed amount, the remainder is refunded to the user when 
they release the crypto. If the provider amends an invoice to a higher amount, a smart contract will 
pay out the full amount, and deduct the remainder from the client’s wallet (with client approval). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4.6 Asset Contract  Under Development 
 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 19 of 41  canya.io 

CanYa processes two forms of revenue: a 1% flat transaction fee and a freemium subscription 
model for providers. Both proceeds will be collected as CanYaCoins and will be sent to an Asset 
Contract. The Asset Contract will accumulate the crypto and split them in accordance with the 
publicly-viewable proportions in the smart contract and dispense them monthly. 30% will be sent 
to the Rewards Pool, 30% will be sent to the CanYa for platform maintenance and development, 
30% will be burnt, and 10% will be sent to the Charity Pool.  
 
As the Asset Contract sends an amount of tokens to the Rewards Pool, which is unlocked and 
recycled back to the users as rewards, and increases the circulating supply and liquidity in the 
market. Consequently, the token value would decrease if nothing else was done due to inflation. To 
offset the increase in supply, an equivalent amount of tokens needs to be burnt, which is why the 
Asset Contract contains a burn function.7 
 
Please note, CanYa as an entity does not perform any action to burn tokens; rather users on the 
platform cause the tokens to be burnt by way of the Asset Contract. The burning of tokens is 
dependent on user-behaviour in order to maintain the integrity of the CanYaCoins. 
 

Charity Pool 
 
CanYa as an organisation believe in the pay-it-forward concept, and as such, will be maintaining a 
pool of tokens to be gifted to selected charities, drawn as a 10% payout from the Asset Contract. 
CanYa are excited to announce Giveth as a launch partner to receive CanYa donations.  

 

                                                
7 Subject to CanYa obtaining relevant licenses and regulatory approval. Features will only be 
implemented if, and when, such licenses or approvals have been received. 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 20 of 41  canya.io 

4.7 Provider Subscriptions - Continual Token Demand 
 Under Development 
 
Providers can opt to pay a monthly subscription in CAN for coveted “featured” status. Being 
featured means securing the top position, the greatest exposure, access to the most work, and 
priority notifications to job requests. To stay true to being a meritocracy, multiple featured providers 
are still ranked according to their profile points.  
 
To control supply and demand, featured provider positions will double in cost for each position to 
ensure that being featured is priced for a minority. For example, if the first position is 1 CAN per 
month, the next position will cost 2 CAN per month and the next will be 4 CAN, etc. If a provider 
discontinues their position, it may cost them far more to re-enter, thereby encouraging them to 
hold their subscription. The subscription is sent to the Asset Contract for dissemination. 
 
Conversely as the provider base grows, the starting cost halves. In this way, the cost of entry is 
balanced with demand in obscure service categories. Similarly, an automated price drop over a 
regular time period ensures that users are not out-priced in markets with poor-performing fiat 
currencies. 

 
4.8  Transaction Fee     
 
There is a small 1% transaction fee processed for every payment made on the platform and is 
deducted from the provider’s payout. Compared to Uber, this is up to 25 times lower.  Proceeds 
from the transaction fee are sent to the Asset Contract for dissemination. 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 21 of 41  canya.io 

 
 
 
 

Marketplaces are very responsive to network effects; the more providers list themselves, the more 
clients will use them. The team have built a native rewards system that incentivises the following 
user-behaviours: 
 
(1) Encouraging users to sign up and use the platform, 
(2) Referring friends to the platform, and 
(3) Encouraging friends to use the platform. 

 
5.1 Friend Referrals 
 
CanYa currently incentivises users to refer their friends to the platform by giving them $10 credit. In 
future, CanYaCoins will be issued for each successful referral. Each user is given a unique referral 
code and link with valid referrals being tracked through this code. 

 

5.2 Welcome Bonus 
 
If a new user signs up with a friend’s referral code they are immediately issued credit to encourage 
them to make their first transaction (currently $10). 
 

5.3 Transaction Rewards      
 
CanYa will incentive users to make transactions by issuing a 5% reward on each transaction. For 
example, if Tim pays his web-developer 100 CAN, then he will immediately receive 5 CAN after the 
transaction. This is a complete disruption of traditional payment methods where users incur fees 
when they transact. With CanYa, active users are rewarded for utilising the platform. 

 

5.4 Commission Payments 
 
CanYa has an in-built incentive for users to encourage their friends to use the app by issuing a 2-4% 
commission if their referral transacts in the platform. For example, if Bob refers Jane, for every 100 
CAN Jane spends or earns, Bob will be paid 2 CAN. This will encourage users to refer other users 
and providers and in turn maximising adoption of the platform.8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

                                                
8 Subject to CanYa obtaining relevant licenses and regulatory approval. Features will only be 
implemented if, and when, such licenses or approvals have been received. 

5. CanYa Rewards 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 22 of 41  canya.io 

 
5.5 Rewards Pool 
 
The Rewards Pool will hold 20% of the total available CanYaCoins after the ICO and will be held in 
a smart contract. Once the ICO is completed, the total number of tokens is recorded as the 
baseline amount. Each time the number of tokens in the pool decreases by half, all rewards are 
also halved. In this manner, Rewards will constantly be issued, no matter the amount left, on an 
asymptote to zero.  
 
The Rewards Pool is topped up monthly by allocation from the Asset Contract. If usage of the 
platform increases, the Asset Contract will increase the amount contained in the Rewards pool, 
thereby maintaining an equilibrium.   
 

Reward Pool Token Dissemination 

Reward Baseline Baseline/2 Baseline/4 Baseline/n 

Referrals (CAN) 10 5 2.5 10/n 

Welcome (CAN) 10 5 2.5 10/n 

Commission per 
transaction 

5% 2.5% 1.25% 5/n% 

Growth per month 1% 0.5% 0.25% 1/n% 

 
 
 

 

0%

25%

50%

75%

100%

125%

Baseline /4 /16 /64 /n

Reward Pool Decay Function



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 23 of 41  canya.io 

6.1 Ecosystem Growth 
 
Early adopters to the platform are rewarded from the initially generous Reward Pool. As the 
Reward Pool is exhausted, dissemination is also reduced. As the user-base grows, providers list their 
services and are engaged by users. As the provider-base grows, some providers opt in to the 
premium subscription model to distinguish themselves and increase exposure. As the transactional 
revenue and subscriptions increase, the rewards pool is topped up allowing further reward 
dissemination. 
 

6.2 Protecting Against Volatility 
 
A token with scarcity properties is not a favourable cryptocurrency due to consequential volatility 
from speculation. CanYa plans on protecting against volatility by utilising a hedged escrow 
contract, which collaterises the value of the CanYaCoin with a proven store-of-value in a trustless 
manner.9 Whilst the token is being utilised as a cryptocurrency, its value is secured. 
 
Payments held in escrow is typically held for less than two weeks (from CanYa platform 
experience), which prevents CanYa’s asset base being over-exposed to long-term fluctuations. 
Additionally, transactions are hedged on a per-transaction basis, and only escrowed crypto is 
protected. This sensibly limits the liquidity pool exposure. 
 
The market price of the token can be derived from a market-price aggregator or a decentralised 
data-feed based on the Schelling Points mechanism proposed by Vitalik Buterin.10 Market prices 
are aggregated, outliers are removed and correct submissions are rewarded.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

                                                
9 See Section 4.1 
10 https://blog.ethereum.org/2014/03/28/schellingcoin-a-minimal-trust-universal-data-feed/ 

6. Ecosystem Growth & Cryptocurrency Volatility 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 24 of 41  canya.io 

 
The team recognise that decentralisation is key for scalability and adoption of cryptocurrency, so 
have built a decentralised roadmap. This roadmap is for informational purposes only and is an 
indication of the aspirations of the CanYa team. CanYa does not guarantee that any of the 
milestones detailed below will be achieved.  
 

Aspect Integration Technology Notes 

Payments Q1 2018 Ethereum Using the ethereum blockchain to transact 
tokens with smart contracts. Trustless hedged 
escrow, asset contract and reward 
dissemination.  

Curation/Arbitr
ation 

Q3 2018 Ethereum Users can perform curation, verification and 
assist in arbitration of disputes. 

Storage 2019 IPFS Decentralised, low latency storage. 

Compute TBA Fog/Mist 
Computing (SONM, 
Golem) 

Decentralised computation. 

 
 
Decentralised storage and compute technology is not mature and as such will unnecessarily hinder 
deployment. To minimise the technology risk, CanYa is launching a hybrid platform, with 
centralised compute & storage using traditional server architecture but decentralised smart-
contract payments. Aspects of user-initiated curation and arbitration outlined above will be 
integrated when over time. 11 
 

7.1 Curation 
 
Users submit new services, skills and licences to CanYa, which can be curated by nominated and 
known users. They earn CAN by performing this action and help ensure the integrity of the 
platform.  
 

7.1 Arbitration 
 
Although less than 1% of jobs end up requiring arbitration (from CanYa platform experience), users 
can elect for arbitration for a small 5% fee if negotiation is fruitless. This fee can be paid to other 
delegated token-holders to perform instead. In this way, the platform aims to promote peer-to-
peer dispute resolution and the users ultimately help contribute to the ecosystem. 
 

 

 

 

                                                
11 Subject to CanYa obtaining relevant licenses and regulatory approval. Features will only be 
implemented if, and when, such licenses or approvals have been received. 

7. Decentralisation Roadmap 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 25 of 41  canya.io 

The indicated budget from the CanYaCoin offering is detailed below. Any budget deficit will be made up by 
CanYa revenue stream. The CanYa CTO has experience founding a tech company with 9 employees and over 
$2m/year recurring revenue. These figures best represent his experience on company expenditure in Australia. 

 Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Total 

Central Services       

 Headcount 3 3 4 4 5  

 Rent, software, 
legal 

$ 50,000 $213,000 $240,000 $260,000 $280,000  

 Expense $338,000 $501,000 $624,000 $644,000 $760,000  

        

Product Development       

 Headcount 6 7 8 8 8  

 Expense $720,000 $840,000 $880,000 $760,000 $720,000  

        

Global Expansion       

 Headcount 3 4 4 4 4  

 Marketing $ 100,000 $ 200,000 $ 300,000 $ 300,000 $ 300,000  

 Events/Contractors $ 300,000 $ 300,000 $ 300,000 $ 300,000 $ 300,000  

 Expense $625,000 $800,000 $900,000 $900,000 $900,000  

        

Governance $120,000 $156,000 $202,800 $263,640 $342,732  

        

Total Headcount 12 14 16 16 17  

Total Expenses $2,253,000 $3,010,000 $3,446,800 $3,427,640 $3,602,732 $15,740,172 
 
Central Services 
CanYa will grow its central office in Melbourne, Australia by adding to the leadership and 
management team.  
 
Product Development 
The platform will be enhanced with a fully featured web-app and a desktop client. Chat-bot 
development and machine learning layer development will be continued along with 
cryptocurrency payment layer with required smart contracts.  
 
Global Expansion 
CanYa will launch offices in Australia, South-east Asia, China, North America and Europe to support 
regional KYC/AML and customer service. These support centres will help expand CanYa’s global 
presence. Centres will be responsible for regional marketing, PR and managing the regional user-
base. 12 

                                                
12 Pending future development 

8. Budget 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 26 of 41  canya.io 

CanYa has been in existence since late 2015, and operational since late 2016. The team have global 
aspirations and maintain an aggressive timeline: 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Token Sale to raise capital to 
integrate a cryptocurrency 
payment layer between users, 
and to expand globally.  

Soft launched into a major 
Australian City. Rapid uptake 
with high organic growth. 
Web-app development starts. 

9. Roadmap 

Start 
November 2015 

The CanYa founders envisaged 
a global marketplace of 
services, emphasised on 
quality. Design started. 

The CanYa founders self-
funded and built an MVP app 
using fiat payment gateways. 

Launched as beta into 
Australia. 

MVP 
December 2016 

Soft 
Launch March 2017 

Pre-Sale conducted to set a 
token value and on-board 

initial participants. 

Pre-Sale 
October 2017 

Token Sale 
November 2017 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 27 of 41  canya.io 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Global launch. KYC/AML 
support centres in Europe, 

South-East Asia, North 
America, China and Australia. 

Fiat payment support with 

Global Launch 
March 2018 

CanYa 2.0 
July 2018 

In-app translation service, video 
calling, chat-bot, advanced 
desktop features.   

Advanced ML algorithms to 
smartly match the best 
providers with each job 

request.  

Advanced Matching 
October 2018 

Decentralised 
December 2018 

CanYa will integrate features 
for users to assist with curation 
and arbitration.   

The first of the storage and 
compute decentralisation 

aspects are integrated pending 
technology maturity. 

Decentralised 2.0 
2019 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 28 of 41  canya.io 

John-Paul Thorbjornsen, BTech 
CEO & Co-Founder 
JP finished school in the Top 1% of his state, earned a technology degree 
with First Class honours at UNSW, completed a distinguished 10 year 
career in the Australian Air Force as an officer and pilot before founding 
a technology company in 2015. Early Bitcoin investor, placed as finalist in 
Australia’s first Ethereum Hackathon, “RegHack - Melbourne”. Leader, 
visionary, passionate. Tesla Model 3 on order. 

 

Rowan Willson, BSc 
Co-Founder 
Rowan grew up on config.sys hacks as a 10 year old and after compiling 
his first Linux 2.2 kernel hasn't looked back. Rowan graduated with a 
high distinction average at UNSW double majoring in maths & 
computer science. He also completed a successful 12 year career as a 
decorated pilot in the Australian Air Force, whilst concurrently founding 
and developing "OzRunways EFB" iOS app which revolutionised aviation 
in Australia. Rowan is a co-founder of CanYa and interests include 
machine learning, popular physics, aviation and music. 

 

Chris McLoughlin, BBus 
CMO & Co-Founder 
Chris completed a Business Degree with First Class honours before 
being employed as a pilot in the Australian Air Force. Chris is a fluent 
growth-hacker, growing CanYa’s social media base from 0 to over 
55,000 followers in 8 months. Chris runs a tight marketing team and is 
passionate about engaging the community. Early Bitcoin investor, 
believes in a decentralised future.  

 

Kyle Hornberg, BTech  
Lead Operations & Co-founder 
Air Force Operational Manager. Leader, innovator, investor. Co-founded 
CanYa and runs a very tight operations team. 
 
    

 

 

 

 

10. Team 

10.1 Founders & Core Team 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 29 of 41  canya.io 

 

 

Jet Yap, BSc 
CFO 
Jet has more than 10 years of experience working for large global IT 
shared services organisations and international professional services 
firms assisting customers and partners to make better use of SAP ERP 
technology. Jet was trained in SAP Finance and Controlling R/3, SAP 
Security and SAP GRC Access Control and participated in large scale 
ERP rollouts, following industry leading practices such as Prince2, ASAP 
and ITIL V3. Jet has been mining Bitcoin since 2012, and placed as finalist 
in Australia’s first Ethereum Hackathon, “RegHack - Melbourne”. 
 

Juan Suarez, BSc  
CTO 
Creative full-stack developer with 16 years experience and wide industry 
experience.  
 

 

 

 

10.2  Tech & Design Team 
 

Esther Nitafan, BComDes 
Head of Design 
Art direction and branding, passionate about clear communicated 
design. Creative vector illustrator, motion graphics designer and UI/UX 
Designer. 
 

Surya Wongtomo, B-IT 
Project Manager 
Surya is a skilled and talented designer, developer and manager, 
running his own digital agency SWUX. Surya co-founded Brighton Peak 
Bitcoin Exchange and has been involved in cryptocurrencies since 2011. 
He is a r/cryptocurrency moderator. 

 

Daniel Duckworth, B-CS  
Machine Learning Integration 
Founder of ServiceCrowd marketplace. ML and automation expert.  

 

 

 

 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 30 of 41  canya.io 

 
10.3  Operations, Marketing & Community Engagement 
 

Monika Tantau, BCom, D-Lang 
Lead Operations 
Technophile. Changing the world one blockchain at a time since 
completing the Bachelor of Commerce (Economics), Diploma in 
Chinese (Mandarin) and Japanese at Monash University. 

 
Kelsie Nabben,  B-IR 
Head of Community & Strategy 
Kelsie helps founders build tech startups. She has a background in 
community management, ops, marketing and getting stuff done. With 
an education in international relations, the potential of cryptocurrency 
to help people is what sparked her desire to work in the field. 
 

James Waugh, BA  
Head of Business Development 
James found cryptocurrencies in early 2015 and ventured down the 
Blockchain rabbit hole. After years of active engagement in the crypto-
community he has developed a deep understanding of Blockchain 
technologies and Ethereum projects. This, in combination with an 
outgoing attitude, makes for a engaging ICO community manager. 
 

Steve Meacham, MBA  
Online Marketing 
Entrepreneur. Co-founder Crowdvenience marketplace. President of 
100% gingers society (if that really existed!). Web developer. Marketing 
specialist. 
 

Jacinta Kelly, BEng  
Customer Service 
Customer Service super-star. Jacinta leads a larger team of Support 
Agents that provide assistance across our many customer service 
platforms. 

 

Kieran Blair MBus BTech 
Assistant Community Manager 
Kieran has lots of friends and likes chewing peoples’ ears off about 
cryptocurrency; making him perfect for the Community engagement 
role. Constantly trying out new ideas and pitching his friends means that 
he spends more time with the cryptocurrency community, than his 
friends…  Kieran’s background is as an Air Force Fighter Pilot with 
interests in entrepreneurship, philosophy, and life hacking. 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 31 of 41  canya.io 

David Moskowitz  
CEO Indorse, CEO Attores 
CEO of Indorse.io, a decentralized network for professionals, 
which allows members to be rewarded for posting their skills and 
accomplishments.  
CEO of Attores, which enables data and document security using smart 
contracts and blockchain technology. Board member of ACCESS The 
Singapore Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Industry Association. 
 

Josh Buirski  
Distributed Technologies Institute 
Founder & Partner at Distributed Technologies Institute Pty. Ltd 

 

Kai C. Chng  
CEO & CoFounder DigixGlobal 
CEO of Digix - a gold-backed token with zero fractional reserves. 
One of the first ICOs conducted on Ethereum with over 465k 
Ether raised. Digix is also an asset tokenisation platform, allowing 
traditional assets to be tokenised.  
 

Karen Hsu  
Head of Growth - BlockCypher 
Finding and scaling product/market fit for small and large 
companies. Product strategy, Go-to-Market strategy and 
Execution, Business Development, Sales and more. 
 

Layla Tabatabaie  
Attorney, Author, Advisor 
New York attorney, author, and digital marketer. Over six years of 
branding, fundraising, digital marketing, PR, and copywriting for 
VC-backed apps, blockchain companies and chatbots. 

 
Becker Goldstein  
Co-Director of Advisory at Strategic Coin 
Strategic Coin is the 1st crypto market research and analysis 
company providing education, research and token launch 
advisory services for the crypto marketplace. 
 
 
 

10.4 Advisory Board 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 32 of 41  canya.io 

 

 

 

Taotao He  
Co-Founder/CEO of Total Digital Asset Group 
Co-Founder/CEO of Titan, an investment fund that provides actively 
managed cryptocurrency portfolios, where token holders invest 
alongside a professional team. Co-Director of Advisory at Strategic Coin. 
 
 

Thomas Graham  
Co-Founder of TLDR 
Co-Founder of CODEC, MapD and TLDR Capital. Partner of TLDR; a 
digital currency investment and advisory firm. Lawyer with expert advice 
and guidance on marketing strategy, capital intro and growth hacking. 
 

George Kimionis 

Founder & CEO at Coinomi 
George is an established entrepreneur with a Computer Systems 
background. He has significant expertise in the Financial and Trading 
software sector with considerable experience in building software 
related to Trading, Exchanges, Analysis, Risk-Management and 
education. 
 

Ian Scarffe 

Blockchain - ICO Advisor / Consultant / Strategist / Investor 
Ian Scarffe is a seasoned entrepreneur and leading Bitcoin, Blockchain 
and Crypto expert. Ian has successfully started a lead cleaning service for 
the Australian Formula 1 Grand Prix, is an active Entrepreneur Business 
Mentor at Adelaide University and has been inducted to the board of the 
Entrepreneurs Organization. His latest work includes being a consultant 
for the banking industries of Europe whilst running a startup incubator 
call ‘Binkplus’. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 33 of 41  canya.io 

11.1 Industry Size 
 
The “gig-economy” is comprised of freelancers, tradespeople, home service providers, digital service 
providers and self-employed professionals. It is growing extremely fast as more and more people 
prefer flexibility and control over their careers. It is forecasted to grow towards 40% of the global 
workforce in the next ten years, with over 200 million workers and with a total annual transaction 
volume approaching $2tn.13 In China, India and South East Asia combined, it will approach $1tn in 
annual transaction volume in the next five years. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Global transaction volume for services 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                
13 Gig economy valuation 

11. Market 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 34 of 41  canya.io 

11.2 USA Addressable Market 
 
 
America has a population of 320 million people with over 50 million involved in the gig-economy14. 
Information extracted from the US Census and IRS tax codes paints a clear $1tn industry in relevant 
services15. The industry is set to increase dramatically over the next 5 years as technology lowers the 
barriers of entry.  

USA - Tax Codes 
Sector Size 

Other Services $577BN 

Repair & Maintenance $184BN 

Personal Services $162BN 

Civic, Professional $230BN 

Delivery Services $78BN 

Total $1.3TN 
 
 

11.3 India Addressable Market 
 
India is an emerging economy with the 94% of its 478 million16 workforce in “unorganised” work 
activity17. This presents a significant opportunity, as this unorganised sector contributes 57% to 
India’s GDP of $2tn18. Further, the unorganised sector is more likely to be engaged in the peer-peer 
services and retail market19 and is thus suitable to use CanYa. Smartphone ownership has 
leapfrogged desktop/laptop, and for most, is the only source of internet in India. The total market 
can be estimated to be $USD300bn in India, factoring in smartphone ownership and the existing 
market size. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

                                                
14 https://www.upwork.com/press/2016/10/06/freelancing-in-america-2016/ 
15 https://www.census.gov/services/index.html 
16 http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/profiles/India/Labor 
17 http://planningcommission.nic.in/aboutus/committee/wrkgrp11/wg11_rplabr.pdf 
18 http://www.tradingeconomics.com/india/indicators 
19 http://planningcommission.nic.in/aboutus/committee/wrkgrp11/wg11_rplabr.pdf 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 35 of 41  canya.io 

11.4 China Addressable Market 
 
China have a population of 1.3bn, a GDP of $11tn, with 36% of 
their 800 mn labour force in the services industry20. 40% of 
China’s workforce are classified as urban employed, (370 mn) 
and of this, 20% work in “other firm types” as opposed to state 
or collective-owned entities (suggesting self-employed or non-
agency workers)21. Of the “other firm types”, 3% work in 
Household Services, 5% work in Construction and 9% work in 
Other industries (as a percentage of overall urban employed 
force). This suggests an industry of 84 million workers that 
could be on an average wage of 40,000 CanYa (approx. 
$USD500bn pa). Other factors include a very large migrant 
worker growth who predominantly work in the private sector, a 
large rural to urban shift, and aforementioned growth in the 
private sector22. China’s smartphone penetration is 40%23. 
Conservatively the market in China can be assessed to be $USD 
500bn. 

 

11.5 Global Addressable Market 
 
For a global assessment we can extrapolate from the biggest 
markets: India, China and USA and conservatively arrive at an estimated 200 million workers and a 
total annual transaction volume approaching $2tn with an annual growth of 10%.  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                
20 https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/ch.html 
21 http://www.rba.gov.au/publications/bulletin/2011/sep/pdf/bu-0911-4.pdf 
22 http://www.rba.gov.au/publications/bulletin/2011/sep/pdf/bu-0911-4.pdf 
23 https://www.statista.com/statistics/321482/smartphone-user-penetration-in-china/ 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 36 of 41  canya.io 

 

12.1 Onboard & Search 
 
Users experience a secure password-free login experience that takes less than a minute. Upon 
launch, they can search over 200 services in any location they need.  
 
Providers can be ranked by price, rating or distance. A map view shows a top-down view of 
providers.  
 
Users can choose a provider and see details including verifications, business information, availability 
and prices.  
 

12.2 Booking & Quotes 
 
In a few taps, users can perform three types of bookings: a direct booking with a provider, a 
broadcast booking to a group of providers, or post a task to every provider. 
 
Users can detail the job, add photos, set a location and detail a time to complete the job. Users can 
choose a single booking, a recurring booking or even an instant booking.   
 
Once quoted, a user can accept, negotiate or decline. 
 
 
 

12.3 Chat, Call, Video 
 
The CanYa app includes free media-rich chat, 
HD voice calling and even video calling.24 Users 
can add other members to their jobs and 
experience multi-user chat groups to organise 
bookings.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                
24 Pending future development 

12. Current CanYa App Features  



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 37 of 41  canya.io 

 
 

 
12.4 Payments & Reviews 
 
Users receive invoices, can export to PDF, pay for 
jobs and review providers. Payment is currently 
performed by credit card and cash. Invoices are 
fully inclusive of GST (where appropriate) and 
are 
automatically collated to produce a BAS tax 
statement. Both the invoices and statements 
can be exported to PDF and emailed. 
 

 
 

12.5 Provider Features 
 
Providers can add multiple listings along with 
snooze and draft features. Providers have a 
single calendar to manage all their availability. 
Providers can send quotes set to be instantly 
booked and receive recurring bookings. 
Providers can amend quotes and invoices at 
any time.  
 
 
 

 
 

12.6 Engagement Engine 
 
CanYa includes both an in-built referral engine and an engagement engine to maximise organic 
growth. Users can refer friends by sharing links and smart email and push notifications encouraging 
users to engage with content regularly.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

13. Summary 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 38 of 41  canya.io 

CanYa will be the world’s best autonomous marketplace of services. By combining an open 
meritocracy with cryptocurrency payments, an exciting rewards system that rewards active users, 
advanced matching, multi-lingual support and decentralised aspects, CanYa is the first true global 
services platform.  
 
CanYa will help accelerate the mainstream adoption of cryptocurrencies.  

 
 

14. Due Diligence 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 39 of 41  canya.io 

 
14.1 Token Sale Risks 
 
Tokens 

CanYaCoins are not securities, equity or profit-share mechanisms. Token sale participants should 
understand the risk of purchasing tokens and read this CanYa whitepaper in full before 
participating. Participating in the Token Sale is subject to the CanYa Token Sale Purchase 
Agreement. CanYa staff are available to answer any questions at https://canya.io live-chat and 
support@canya.io 
 
Technical Risk 

The CanYaCoin contract is based on the ERC20 standard. All efforts will be made to ensure the 
contract is free from technical bugs but once submitted to the Ethereum network, it is unable to 
be modified. Participants should be intimate with Ethereum and blockchain technology to 
understand these risks. Participants should understand the risks around private key storage and 
transmission. 
 
Hackers and criminal intervention 

The CanYaCoin contract address will be made available via https://canya.io. History has shown that 
sometimes criminal elements attempt to take over computer and email servers in order to trick 
people into sending money to the wrong address. This may include social engineering. CanYa will 
implement all best practice security measures to thwart potential attacks. Participants must make 
all reasonable efforts and follow all instructions from CanYa to ensure they are dealing with the 
correct contract address. Participants should not use any smart-contract address published outside 
of https://canya.io as it could be a scammer pretending to represent CanYa. Participants should 
follow all security best-practice procedures as directed by CanYa. 
 
Tax & Regulatory risk   

The token buyer must conduct their own due diligence to ensure that they comply with all local 
laws regarding cryptocurrency, tax, securities and other regulations in their jurisdiction. The 
CanYaCoin Sale may in the future be subject to further regulation. 
 
Refunds 

Refunds are not permitted. Sales will be final once transacted.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

Page 40 of 41  canya.io 

14.2 Company Disclosure 
 
Entity 

Sialia Capital Pty Ltd owns all the intellectual property of the CanYa platform and is a privately-
owned company, registered in Australia and compliant with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission 2001 (Cth) and the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
 
Sialia Capital Pty Ltd was founded in 2016 and has no public financial information available. 
However, it has received funding from private investors. 
 
CanYa Services Pty Ltd is the operational day-to-day company of CanYa and is a privately-owned 
company, registered in Australia and is compliant with the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission 2001 (Cth) and the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
 
CanYa Services Pty Ltd was founded in 2017 and has no public financial information available. It is 
contracted by Sialia Capital to operate the CanYa platform. 
 
Key Shareholders 

The Sialia Capital Pty Ltd founding team are the principle shareholders of the company owning 
100% of the total shares on issue in the company.  
 
Sialia Capital Pty Ltd is the sole shareholder of CanYa Services Pty Ltd. 
 
Assets 

The Sialia Capital Pty Ltd owns all intellectual property rights to the CanYa brand and platform (to 
the extent possible), including trademarks registered in Australian and USA, software, media and 
content copyright. 
 
Important Contracts 

Sialia Capital Pty Ltd has entered into a Services Agreement with Purpletalk Inc (a private 
computer software company in USA) to provide development resources. Purpletalk can terminate 
within 30 days written notice. Sialia Capital has entered into a Services Agreement with Visual 
Recruit Pty Ltd (a private computer software company in Australia) to provide development 
resources. Visual Recruit can terminate within 14 days written notice. 
 
Backgrounds of Directors & Managers 

Background information on the directors and managers of CanYa Services Pty Ltd and Sialia 
Capital Pty Ltd is provided in the White Paper available on https://www.canya.io website. 
 
Litigation Disclosure 

Sialia Capital Pty Ltd nor CanYa Services Pty Ltd is involved in any litigation at the date of 
publication of this document. 



 An Autonomous Marketplace of Services 

  canya.io 

 


