











































 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2017 

WHITE PAPER 



| White paper 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

SUMMARY 1 

PROBLEM 2 

SOLUTION 5 

MARKET  8 

BUSINESS MODEL 11 

BUSINESS GOALS 14 

INVESTOR YIELD 16 

TECHNICAL IMPLEMENTATION 18 

ICO STRUCTURE 24 

TIMELINE 26 

USE OF PROCEEDS 28 

TEAM 30 

REFERENCES 34 
 

 
CONTENTS 



1 | White paper 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

CarTaxi is a logistics platform for evacuating and transporting cars 

that integrates all tow trucks in a single application. It is a global 

mobile solution based synergistically on geolocation and blockchain 

+ smart contract technologies. 

 
CarTaxi is a working product that has been tested and is in 

operation in the Russian market. It is ready for global scaling and an 

explosive growth of market share. 

 
The service has a global reach and has been already successfully 

launched in first cities. 

 
The CarTaxi Company has put together an outstanding team of 

professionals who are developing the business globally from offices 

in San Antonio (US), Moscow (Russia) and Hong Kong (China). 

 
SUMMARY 



2 | White paper 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sooner or later, most motorists around the world need to tow a 

vehicle: your car, that of a family member, or even a rental car during 

a trip. The reasons are many: a breakdown, out of gas, an accident, 

or even moving a car to a new home. 

 
The towing business is highly developed in places with high 

motorization (more on this in the “Market size” section). However, 

this market has a number of aspects that offer new opportunities for 

the development of IT-based services. CarTaxi takes this market to 

a new level of organization, transparency and convenience. 

 

 
A CHAOTIC MARKET 

 
The vehicle towing business has not yet been automated globally, the 

way Uber has done in the taxi market. Everywhere, this business is 

based on old dispatching methods that rely on human factors, and 

small to average clusters: in each city, you have to look for the local 

operator and dispatcher phone numbers, and then guess when 

exactly help will arrive. 

 
With offices in San Antonio, Hong Kong and Moscow, CarTaxi is 

starting to radically change this outdated set-up in the towing 

services industry around the world. CarTaxi’s goal is to encompass 

the global market and establish a decentralized system of Client-

Contractor transactions based on blockchain. 

 
The wide divergence of owners of tow trucks leads to a number of 

problems. 

 
PROBLEM 



3 | Whitepaper 

 

 

EXTRA TRIPS WITH EQUIPMENT 
 

When looking for and ordering from disparate tow truck owners, it’s 

inevitable that the choice will not necessarily be the best or the 

closest one, leading to delayed delivery and extra trips. This in turn 

affects the cost of service and waiting time. Such problems can be 

solved using the modern geolocation system used by CarTaxi, 

which eliminates the human factor. 

 

 
NO FAMILIAR MOBILE APP 

 
Global trends show that, today, users in all spheres of life prefer 

the familiar, simple, convenient and functional format of a mobile 

application with geolocation, similar to the way they are used to 

calling a taxi around the world: to call a taxi in almost any city in 

the world, all you have to do is open the Uber app, which has 

virtually become a global standard. Using CarTaxi, a driver in any 

city will also know that to call a tow truck—a “taxi” for your car—

all you have to do is open the CarTaxi app. Now this will be the 

standard! 

 

 
PAYMENT SECURITY 

 
The CarTaxi payment system uses decentralized blockchain 

technology to process payments worldwide, which guarantees the 

safe transfer of funds and the completion of services. 

 



4 | Whitepaper 

 

 

 
CARRIER LIABILITY 

 
Most countries do not require mandatory insurance against 

damage to transported cars. Should a car be damaged during 

transportation, getting compensation often involves a drawn-out 

court case against the carrier. 

 
CarTaxi for Clients is the service provider whose liability for 

transportation is always guaranteed. This means that you, the 

customer, can always be assured that your cargo is secured by a 

global service provider, CarTaxi, and that any damage will be 

compensated without unnecessary hassles. 



5 | Whitepaper 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

The CarTaxi service solves all these problems using modern 

technology, making it possible to call for road assistance of the 

same standard of service, wherever you might be. Now you can 

arrange a tow any time, anywhere. By combining geolocation with 

blockchain technologies and packaging them into an Uber-like 

interface familiar to users today, CarTaxi makes life simpler and 

easier for drivers around the world. 

 

 
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN? 

 
1. A GEOLOCATION-BASED MODEL 

 
All owners of tow trucks in each region are connected to the 

CarTaxi service. A special application is installed for this 

purpose—an admin panel for partners. This means that, at any 

point in any city, a large number of tow trucks are available and 

ready to come as quickly as possible at minimal cost to the driver. 

 
The client receives the fastest service for the minimum cost, 

without paying for extra trips with equipment. 

 
SOLUTION 



6
7 

| White paper 

 

 

  

 

2. BLOCKCHAIN  TECHNOLOGY 

 
The CarTaxi platform uses blockchain technology based on smart 

contracts with Ethereum. Blockchain makes the company’s 

operations completely transparent. 

 

 
PAYMENT 

 
Payments are set up using smart contracts and blockchain 

technology, making this the ideal system for safely transferring funds 

between the client and the service provider, and guaranteeing that 

payment will be transferred only when the service has been rendered.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Tow trucks near the requested 

location. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Order details and price base on 

CarTaxi’s rate schedule in each 

region 



7 | White paper 

 

 

 

 
The blockchain system allows you to conveniently track the status 
of payments with each contractor. It maintains a database of orders, 
provide transparent accounting and offsetting various types of 
payments. 

 

 
SAFETY OF TRANSPORTED PROPERTY 

 
There is always the risk of damage to vehicles being transported and 

that raises the issue of liability for damage. 

 
Using a decentralized payment system and smart contracts, the 

CarTaxi monitors the transportation process from the arrival and 

loading phase, to unloading at the end point. Smart contracts allow 

you to track the safety of the goods being transported. 

 
The CarTaxi Service is promoting the principle of guaranteeing the 

safety of cargo during transportation. When using CarTaxi, the driver 

can rest assured that the towed vehicle is always under CarTaxi 

protection. You won’t need to go through the courts for 

reimbursement from the carrier. CarTaxi simplifies this procedure, 

guaranteeing your vehicle’s safety through an insurance fund—and 

handling any further recovery with the carrier. 



8 | White paper 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 

 
 
 

 

The towing industry market is showing impressive volumes around 

the world. Based on US market research in 2016 [1], the US market 

alone was worth $6 billion and posting annual growth of 2.5%. Based 

on the proportion of motorization in various countries, experts 

estimate the global market to be worth more than $26 billion. 

China’s market alone, where CarTaxi is being introduced, is almost 

twice as large as the US market and is worth an estimated $9.6 

billion. 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

Figure 1. The number of cars in the world, billion units 

SERVICES MARKET VOLUME — $26 billion 

ANNUAL GROWTH — 3-5% 

 
 



9 | White paper 

 

 

The number of cars in the world passed the one billion mark in 

2010, according to Whardsauto research2. 

 
Given that motorization is expanding at 3-5% per annum around 

the world, the towing market will see the same growth. By 2022, 

the car towing market could well reach $32 billion. 

 

 
POINTS OF ENTRY 

 
CarTaxi’s strategy is to cover the global market, starting with the 

most convenient entry points. So, the business was started, the 

product tested and the service launched in the region with the 

most favorable conditions, minimum costs, the fastest start. Our 

criteria for the choice of country were based on its potential 

market structure, legal environment, penetration of mobile 

services, and other factors. 

 
Thus we chose the Russian market, followed by the US and Chinese 

markets. CarTaxi is already operationally active and functioning fully 

in Russia, where the app has become #1. Full-scale testing is being 

conducted to scale the service up globally. Also our offices in San 

Antonio and Hong Kong are actively connecting partners—i.e., tow 

truck owners—to our system. Connecting each new region through 

our partner system appears to be the best approach. It has proved 

itself well with the worldwide Uber service, so CarTaxi chose precisely 

this approach. 

 
As the first global service of its kind, CarTaxi’s goal is to capture up 

to 20% of the world market and become the #1 name in the minds of 

drivers around the globe. 

 
The timeframe for reaching benchmarks based on the sequence of 
new markets being connected is described further in “Business 
development goals.” Over the next 5 years, CarTaxi’s annual 
revenue target is $0.97 billion (see Figure 4—Revenue targets).



10 | White paper 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 

Figure 2. CarTaxi offices as of Aug 2017 



11 | White paper 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

The CarTaxi project offers the most easy-understand monetization 
model. 

 
The CarTaxi service is monetized through commissions charged 

for tow truck services. Depending on the region, the commission 

ranges from 10 to 20% of the cost of the service. 
 
 

 

 
 

 
At the moment, in the Russian market where the service is already 

up and running successfully, 15% of the commission is being 

charged. The same rate has been confirmed in the US and 

China. 

 
Rates are calculated automatically and are consolidated within each 

region. This ensures that customers are receiving the best service 

possible for the best price. 

 
 



12 | White paper 

 

 

Figure 3. Sales dynamics for CarTaxi 

services as of Jul 2017 
 

 

 

 

 
X2-3 WEEKLY GROWTH 



13 | White paper 

 

 

BUSINESS PROCESS MAP 
 



14 | White paper 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT 

 
The main product has been designed, tested and launched, 

demonstrating strong performance in the start-up market. 

 
The purpose of investment and key project development goals 

are: 

 

 
1. MARKETS EXPANSION 

 
- 2017-2018: Achieving full coverage and dominance in the CIS 

(Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Armenia etc.) market 

(launching platform). 

 
- Q1 2018: Launching operations and covering the US and Chinese 

markets. 

 
- 2018-2019: Organizing entry points to markets in all significant 

regions: India, Southeast Asia, South America, Eastern and Western 

Europe. 

 
- By 2020: Achieving dominance in US and Chinese markets. 

 
- By 2022: Achieving dominance in all active regions. 

 
The main means of expanding are running PR campaigns to attract 

core players in the market and establishing a system to connect 

partners in each new location.

 
GOALS 



15 | White paper 

 

 

 
2. SUPPORTING AND DEVELOPING THE SERVICE. 

 
- Continuously scaling the platform according to newly 

connected regions. Integrating new cities into basic rate 

schedules. 

 
- Maintaining the platform (load testing). 

 
- Developing additional functionality including linking insurance 

partners in appropriate regions. 

 
CarTaxi’s strategic goal is to win up to 20% of the market 

worldwide in 5 years and to generate $970 million in revenue by 

2022. 

 

 
CARTAXI REVENUE TARGETS 

 

 
Figure 4. Revenue targets 

 



16 | White paper 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

PROFITABILITY OF CARTAXI (CTX) TOKENS 
 
 

 
Since CarTaxi is an existing business that is dynamically 

expanding into new markets and CarTaxi’s aim is to offer investors 

the most attractive conditions for investing in its growth, the 

company’s tokens, CTX, are a combined type. In addition to 

bobuses paid out on them from company profits, CTX tokens will 

also be redeemed on the cryptocurrency exchange market using 

those profits. 

 
The rate of return for the investors includes 2 parts: 

1. Profit in the form of bonuses. 

2. Profit from the growth of the market value of the token. 
 

In this model, company profits will be distributed thus: 

1. 25% of company profit goes towards bonus distribution. 

Distributions are accrued once a month. First distribution will 

be on 15 th of September 2017 for tokenholders, who 

purchased their tokens before said date (deadline is 15 

September UTC +0 00-00). Transfer to tokenholders wallets 

will be made during the week after accrual.  

2. 25% of profit goes to buying up tokens on the market with the 

aim of increasing their market value. Should there be a 

shortage of tokens on the market, the unspent profits will be 

considered additional profit and bonuses increased 

accordingly. 

 

CARTAXI IS ONE OF THE FEW EXISTING BUSINESSES 

EMERGING ON ICO 

 
 



17 | White paper 

 

 

 
TOKEN APPRECIATION SCHEME 

 

 
 

BONUSES 

 
Once CarTaxi reaches its targeted development goals (revenue 

targets), the bonus part of investor income will be: 

 
- over $75 million or 152% of investment starting in 2020; 

 
- over $150 million or over 300% of initial investment, starting in 2021, 

provided that the dynamic of reaching target indicators correlates with 

the schedule of revenue targets (see Fig. 4). 

 
The bonus type of tokens will contribute to the growth of the market 

value of the CTX token, as well as the stable redemption of tokens 

from the market by the issuer. 



18 | Whitepaper 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

SYSTEM ARCHITECTURE 

 
Terms 

 
1. Service: a comprehensive automated information system 

called CarTaxi, which provides for the transportation of vehicles 

using tow trucks. 

2. Geolocation: the coordinates of the vehicle’s current location 

3. Customer: the consumer of the Service 

4. Contractor: the tow truck driver, the service provider. 

 
Components 

 
1. A mobile app for clients, implemented on iOS and Android 

platforms, to call a tow truck and manage orders. 

2. A mobile app for partners and contractors, designed to receive 

orders from customers, continuously updating the geolocation 

and managing the business processes of the working session. 

3. An administrative web interface to manage service operations. 

4. A subsystem of business processes, designed to model and 

manage the service business transactions. 

5. An authorization service to authenticate and authorize users. 

6. A service to establish the cost of travel, designed to calculate 

the preliminary cost of travel based on the location of the source 

and destination points of the route. 

7. A coordinate storage service to store contractor movement 

history. 

 
TECHNICAL 

 



19 | White paper 

 

 

8. A dictionary service to provide an interface for accessing 

reference information, brands and models of cars, their mass, 

dimensions and ground clearance. 

9. A push notification service, for sending notifications to 

participants in business transactions. 

10. A service for sending socket messages to participants of 

business transactions. 

11. A service that works with geodata, storing and processing the 

location of each contractor. 

12. A route planning service that selects the best contractor and 

the best route for an order. 

13. A rate zones service as an interface to manage rate zones 

and their parameters. 

14. A report service designed to generate and store reports on 

the operation of the service. 

15. Blockchain. 

 
System architecture flowchart 

 



20 | White paper 

 

 

MOBILE APP FOR CLIENTS 

 
A mobile app for clients has been implemented on IOS and 

Android platforms and provides these services to customers: 

 
1. Register the user. 

2. Manage Vehicle List. 

3. Set up payment methods linking bank cards to your account. 

4. View order history. 

5. Automatically detect user geolocation and display location 

on a map. 

6. Set up an order for vehicle transportation and establish the 

start and end points of the trip, the car, the payment method, 

and any comments. 

7. Preliminarily calculate the trip cost based on the data entered, 

and details of the cost based on the rate zone. 

8. Issue promo codes for orders and offer the choice of a non-cash 

payment method. 

9. Cancel an order during execution. 

10. Provide real-time tracking of contractors on an interactive map. 

11. Notify the customer of the contractor’s approach. 

12. Evaluate orders after execution. 

 
MOBILE APP FOR PARTNERS 

 
A mobile app for partners has been implemented on the IOS and 

Android platforms and provides the following functions to the 

partners of the Service: 

 
1. Receive and execute customer orders. 

2. Manage the availability of contractors. 

3. Send contractor location coordinates. 

4. Notify contractor about new orders and Service messages. 



21 | White paper 

 

 

5. View order history. 

6. View contractor’s current balance in the system and the 

history of settlements. 

 
ADMINISTRATIVE WEB-INTERFACE 

 
The administrative panel provides functions for handling the 

operation of the service by company employees and partners. 

 
Key Features: 

1. Manage contractor accounts 

2. Manage customer accounts 

3. Manage user and partner accounts 

4. Manage orders 

5. View statistics by orders and contractors 

6. Monitor the location and availability of contractors in real time 

on an interactive map 

7. Monitor the performance of components and system nodes 

8. Manage rate zones 

9. Manage promo codes 

 
SUBSYSTEM OF BUSINESS PROCESSES 

 
The business process subsystem is designed to manage CarTaxi 

business processes. A business process is a set of interrelated 

activities or tasks aimed at generating a specific product or service 

for customers. To provide a graphic description of the activity, 

BPMN 2.0 standard business process flowcharts are used. 

 
Current business processes of CarTaxi: 

1. Register customer. 

2. Register contractors. 

3. Register customer order. 



22 | White paper 

 

 

4. Activate promo code for a discount. 

5. Reset contractor password. 

6. Set up contractor work session. 

7. Link bank card to client account. 

8. Provide business processes services aimed at improving the 

interaction of users and partners with the Service. 

 

 
AUTHORIZATION SERVICE 

 
The authorization service is designed to authenticate and 

authorize system users, and to authorize requests between 

system components. The service works using the Auth protocol. 

Auth is an open authorization protocol that allows you to give a 

third party limited access to protected user resources without 

having to pass a login and password to the third party. 

 

 
TRAVEL COST CALCULATION SERVICE 

 
The travel cost calculation service provides an interface for the 

preliminary calculation of the trip cost based on order 

information. 

 
The factors taken into account in calculating the cost include: 

contractor location, time of job, distance from start to end point, 

contractor load factor, car weight, and so on. The calculation 

uses the rate zone in which the order has been made. 

 

 
COORDINATE STORAGE SERVICE 

 
The coordinate storage service is used to store contractor trips 

during an active work session. Based on data on contractor 

movement, the final cost of the order is based on the rate zone. 



23 | White paper 

 

 

 

 
ROUTE PLANNING SERVICE 

 
The route planning service is designed to evaluate the 

customer’s order and select the best contractor. 

 
The system of choosing the optimal contractor is based on AI 

technology and takes into account such parameters as the 

contractor rating, location relative to the client, traffic conditions, 

and more. 

 

 
BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY 

 
The service uses blockchain technology based on the Ethereum 

platform’s smart contract. Main points for using smart contracts 

include: 

 
1. Registering accounts of contractors and partners. 

2. Registering customer accounts. 

3. Setting up an order and managing its lifecycle. 

4. Implementing mutual settlements with contractors and 

partners. 



24 | White paper 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

The CTX token: 100% of CTX tokens represent 100% ownership of 

CarTaxi. 

 
Tokens will also be used as a method of payment for the service, 

along with fiat currency and the main crypto-currencies (bitcoin, 

ether). 

 
SYMBOL: CTX 

 
CarTaxi will offer 500,000,000 CarTaxi tokens (66%) in two tiers: 

pre-ICO and ICO. On pre-ICO tokens will be sold with 45% discount. 

 
The total number of announced tokens will be 750,000,000. Funder 

tokens will be frozen for sale for a period of 5 months from the date of 

the ICO. 

 
Type of tokens: bonus (see “Investor’s Yield”). 

 
The CarTaxi service redeems and burns tokens at the cost of 25% of 

transportation revenue. 

 
Placement details: 

 
 



25 | White paper 

 

 

  

 

pre-ICO 
 

  

ICO 
 

 
 

   

TIMING Start date: 30 Aug 2017  
End date: 19 Sep 2017  
 

TIMING Start date : 29 Sep  2017  
End date: 29 Oct 2017  
 

OFFERING 
SIZE 

12.500.000 CTX (2,5%) 
To be sold at special  

 pre-ICO price 
 

= 
 

3 048 ETH (~$914,4K) 
 

Pre-ICO is considered 
successful if more than  
500 ETH (~ $ 150K) 
collected, otherwise all the 
funds are transferred to  
pre-ICO participants   
 

OFFERING 
SIZE 

487.500.000 CTX 
(97,5%) 

 
 

= 
 
216 186 ETH (~$64,85M)  
 
 

PRICING 1CTX = 0,000239 ETH 
 
1 CTX ~$0,072  
(on date 10.08.2017)  
 
Yield  – 85% to ICO-price 
 
1 ETH = 4101 CTX 
 

PRICING 1CTX = 0,000443ETH 
 
1  CTX ~$0,133 
(on date 10.08.2017)  
 
 
 
1 ETH = 2255 CTX 
 

SECURE 
OFFER 

 Multi-signature wallet 

 CTX tokens are issued to 
investors only 

SECURE 
OFFER 

- ICO funds held in 
Escrow 

- Multi-signature wallet 
-CTX tokens of Founders 

are non-transferable 
upon ICO completion – 
locked for 5 month 
through a smart-
contract function 

 
 
 



26 | White paper 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2016 – 1Q 2017  Developed and debugged software 
 Passed the chain from the prototype to 

alpha and beta versions of the service. 

 Formed a strong team of operational offices 
and a development team. 

 Launched the service on the first test market, 
Russia. 

2Q 2017  The service is launched and successfully 
operates in the Russian market. 

 Up to 50% of the contractors in the Russian 
market are already connected to the service: 

Infrastructure has been prepared for the 

explosive growth and takeover of the Russian 

market. 

 Partners are selected to quickly connect 
contractors in offices in the USA and China. 

3Q 2017  Pre- ICO and ICO period 
 Continuing coverage of the Russian 

market. 

 Continue preparing infrastructure to 
commence operations in US and China. 

4Q 2017  implementation of the insurance system for 
transported cars. Selection of insurance 

partners in the CIS, USA, China. 

 Implementation of the blockchain technology 
into the architecture. 

 Expansion of the tariff area bases for the 
new connected cities in each country. 

 Platform support (load testing in new 
regions). 

 
TIMELINE 



27 | Whitepaper 

 

 

2018  Massive promotion in the US and 
Chinese markets 

 Opening representative offices in India, 

South America, Southeast Asia, Eastern 

and Western Europe to collect partners for 

the connection of contractors. 

 Platform support 

 Scaling the system. 

2019  Massive promotion in connected markets. 
  Maintaining dominance in the CIS  

 - Plat-   Platform support. 
  Scaling the system. 

2020  Dominance in the CIS, USA, China. 
  Massive promotion in connected markets. 
  Platform support. 
  Scaling the system. 

2021-2022  Maintaining global market growth 
  Complementary scaling and system  

support  

  Revenue target $0.97 billion 



28 | White paper 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SEED- 

STAGE 

 

2016 - 

2Q 2017 

 

 Gathering developers team. 

 Development of prototype, alpha- and 

beta- versions. Tests in the market. 

 Development of the basic advertising 

material for entering the market. 

 Recruitment of operational staff for the 

full launch in the Russian market and 

initial group of partners in the USA and 

China markets 

USD 

0,8M 

PRE-ICO 

3Q 2017 

 Advertising campaign: PR, SMM 

 Development of media content for the 

service promotion (English, Russian, 

Chinese) 

USD 

0,2M 

ICO 

3Q2017 

 Advertising campaign: PR, SMM 

 Support of the service in the regions of 

presence 

USD 

0,9M 

2018  Promotion in the CIS markets for 
explosive growth of market share 

 Start of promotion in the markets of China 

and the USA 

 Support of the service in the regions of 

presence 

 Preparation for entering new markets 

(India, Southeast Asia, South America, 

Eastern and Western Europe) 

 Scaling the system 

USD 

18,5M 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 



28 | White paper 

 

 

2019  Market presence promotion 
 Connecting to new markets 

 Maintenance of the service in the 

regions of presence 

 scaling the system 

USD 20M 

2020-  Market presence promotion 
 Connecting to new markets 
 Maintenance of the service in the 

regions of presence 
 Scaling the system 

Will be adjusted 
 according to 
funds . 

2022 

 

 



30 | White paper 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

CEO 

 
With more than 15 years in business and strategic consulting, Taras has 

worked for such companies as the SOLEV International Consortium (one of 

the top consultancies in the CIS), as the leading advisor in projects to set up 

and develop large plants in the CIS, and AFK Sistema, (the largest non-

primary company in Russia). He was also involved in setting up a unique 

Binnopharm complex.  

Graduated from Saint Petersburg State Polytechnical University with an:  

MSc in Physics and  

MSc in Economics.  

Taras was also the founder and co-founder of a series of companies in the 

real sector. He has been with the CarTaxi IT project since 2016. 
 
 

CFO 

 
With an MBA in Finance from the CIFF Business School in Madrid, Gala has 

considerable experience in financial management in real estate development 

and construction. She specializes in financial services, transportation, IT and 

distribution companies.  

Gala was also the founder of a successful consulting agency. 

 

TARAS SEMENOV 

GALA KOVALEVA 

 



31 | White paper 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

CIO 
 

A programming engineer, Alexey has enormous experienced in both back-

end and front-end development. He has worked for such  companies as 

MungunPro, a mobile app developer, and Alfatel Plus, a telecoms provider.  

Alexey has been with the CarTaxi project since 2016, at all stages of 

development: from the writing of a mobile app to the administration of the 

DBMS and the establishment of micro services. 
 
 

 
 

 

Project Manager 

 
A specialist in strategic branding and PR, Renata has mainly worked in 

the promotion of IT and science-intensive products, including DevPocket, 

Bercut, Git in Sky, and Startup Accelerator iDealMachine, and 

participated in the StartUp Cup international competition of business 

models. She has been with the CarTaxi project since 2016.

ALEXEY TAYANCHIN 

RENATA ARIPOVA 



32 | White paper 

 

 

 

 

Front-end 

 
With an MsC degree in Supercomputing and Interdisciplinary research 

from the ITMO (National Research University),  

Nicholas has four years of professional experience in software 

development and is qualified in Dot NET framework (2.0/3.5/4.0), 

ASP.NET, MCV, C#, Python, Java, Javascript, Visual Studio 

2010/2013/2015, IIS, SQL Server, and more. He has worked with System 

Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Strong Object-Oriented concepts for 

software design and implementation. Nicholas also has industrial 

experience with Rhemasoft Corporation, VOA institute of Technology and 

Miller all. 

 

 
 

Blockchain developer 

 

Blockchain developer with 5+ years experience and hands-on in 

software engineering.  

 

 - 6+ years of experience as software engineer 

 - 2+ years leading / managing software engineering teams 

 - Strong understanding of web technologies 

 - Expert in: Management process, Scalability, HTML, CSS, 

JavaScript, Ethereum, Blockchain, Machine Learning, iOS 

Development. 

 
 

 
 

QA – engineer 

 
A Quality Assurance Engineer with experience in Test Automation, Vivien 

developed testing strategies for the Internet and mobile applications.

VIHTORI MALLAT 

VIVIEN ANDZUANA 

NICHOLAS AMOAKO 



33 | White paper 

 

 

 Graduated Saint-Petersburg State Polytecnical University, she has been 

with the CarTaxi project since 2016. 
 

International community coordinator 

 
Prince graduated in supercomputer technologies and interdisciplinary 

research from ITMO (National Research University).  

He has worked with the R&D Team of Justmoh Mining services Ltd., a 

subsidiary of Endeavour Mining (Canada). Prince has extensive experience 

in international research on new projects, and in developing report and data 

for market analysis and product development. 
 

 

 

International community coordinator 

 
Japheth’s focus is supercomputer technologies and interdisciplinary 

research. He’s a graduate of ITMO University (National Research 

University). 

PRINCE NTIM 

JAPHETH ZOOGAH 



34 | White paper 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

1. Automobile Towing in the US: Market Research Report. 

IBISWorld (December 2016). 

 
2. Global Car & Automobile Manufacturing: Market Research 

Report. WhardsAuto ( April 2017) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
REFERENCES 



 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

| White paper 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

www.cartaxi.io 
 

 

facebook  twitter 

youtube telegram  

 
 
 
 
 

 

http://www.cartaxi.io/
https://www.facebook.com/Cartaxi_ico-1905979582989363/
https://twitter.com/CarTaxi_24
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQQjp_ujjXM
https://t.me/cartaxi_io

