













































KIRILL BENSONOFF, GUY NEUMANN AND 
ALEX SHVAYETSKY



CONTENTS

I. INTRODUCTION

II. INVESTMENT THESIS

III. COMPANY HISTORY AND PROFILE
WHAT IS PRIVATE REAL ESTATE LENDING?

WHY USE PRIVATE REAL ESTATE DEBT?

THE BENEFITS OF PRIVATE REAL ESTATE LENDING ARE:

ASSET TOKENIZATION

IV. BUSINESS MODEL
ADVANTAGES

BENEFITS

CRYPTO INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES

CAVIAR INTELLIGENT PREDICTIVE MODEL (IPM)

REAL ESTATE LENDING ACTIVITIES

REAL ESTATE LENDING PROCESS

APPLICATION AND CREDIT CHECK

MARKET

ARV (AFTER REHAB VALUE) DETERMINATION

IMPROVEMENT

REAL ESTATE LENDING PAST PERFORMANCE

COLLATERAL

PROFIT AND DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION

V. CAVIAR PLATFORM

VI. AUDIT AND SECURITY

VII. COMPLIANCE

VIII. TIMETABLE/ROADMAP

IX. TOKEN GENERATING EVENT

X. USE OF FUNDS

XI. TEAM MEMBERS

XII. LEGAL DISCLAIMERS



V1.02202018
PAGE 3 OF 44

INTRODUCTION

Caviar is the first to offer digital assets and real estate in a single cryptographic token available 
on the Ethereum blockchain. Our mission is to provide token holders with a diversified, risk 
adjusted, data-driven portfolio with exposure to both stable real estate and select crypto-
currencies and crypto-assets, maximizing return on investment while hedging against markets 
downturns. Caviar Platform brings utility to Caviar token holders, enabling real estate developers 
to raise money for projects using a crowdfunding mechanism, while providing Caviar token 
holders and the underlying fund an opportunity to participate in projects and earn interest.

Caviar will issue tokens in a one-time token sale event, and will invest in fast appreciating 
crypto-assets and crypto-currencies, allowing investors to capitalize on the high upside of 
digital currency markets, while achieving diversification and profit sharing from a less volatile 
and more traditional income-producing short term loan portfolio secured by real estate in the 
United States and other countries.

Caviar is the successor to Caviar Capital LP, which, for the past 5 years, has been providing 
financing to real estate developers. Fully guaranteed by underlying real estate assets and 
unlimited personal guarantees by the borrowers, Caviar Capital provides short term loans 
for the purpose of purchasing, improving and selling single and multi-family homes in the 
Northeastern United States.

Caviar seeks to capture higher rates of return (“alpha”), while providing a unique opportunity 
for crypto-investors to diversify their portfolio through exposure to real estate. At the same 
time, Caviar provides traditional investors the upside of high returns in a diversified digital 
currencies portfolio. Crypto investors have long sought shelter from volatility in assets like 
Tether, Digix, DigiDao and others. However, many of these assets have proven unreliable, with 
undercapitalized reserves, and were still prone to volatility.

Caviar’s tokenization approach to  real estate and crypto-assets and currencies lowers 
operating costs , reduces entry fees for investors, and removes the “illiquidity barrier” that 
keeps investors’ equity locked up for years. Caviar has developed a proprietary Intelligent 
Predictive Model for crypto-assets and crypto-currency price forecasting in both short and long 
term projection timescales, allowing for stronger predictive power and more effective asset 
allocation. To guarantee transparency, Caviar deploys CAView, a proprietary set of monitoring 
tools, which provides portfolio audit and guarantees honest and anonymous profit sharing and 
distribution. 



V1.02202018
PAGE 4 OF 44

INVESTMENT THESIS

Caviar seeks to reduce investment volatility (“beta”) while capturing higher than average 
rates of return (“alpha”). Caviar will achieve these goals by combining investments in fast-
appreciating crypto-assets with income-generating short-term loans, backed by real estate in 
the United States and other countries. By re-allocating funds between crypto and real estate 
markets, Caviar aims to provide income and growth via dual market exposure in a single token.

COMPANY HISTORY AND PROFILE

Caviar is the successor to Caviar Capital LP, a real estate debt fund operating since 2013. Over 
the past five years, Caviar Capital successfully financed over 20 redevelopment projects. With a 
0% default rate, 0 late payments and an average IRR (internal rate of return) of 16% per annum, 
Caviar Capital provides its clients and investors a stable, income-producing and dependable 
vehicle for financing and investments. Since its inception, Caviar Capital has consistently 
outperformed S&P 500 Real Estate1 and S&P 500 Bond2 indices by over 300%

WHAT IS PRIVATE REAL ESTATE LENDING?

A private real estate loan is a broad term that generally describes a short-term loan made at a 
higher interest rate. It provides real estate developers with what is sometimes known as bridge 
financing. This type of financing helps close the gap between the date when money is needed 
and the date when either long-term funding or a buyer for that investment becomes available.

WHY USE PRIVATE REAL ESTATE DEBT?

The reality of this type of loan is that it is often the best financing option when a bank loan is not 
available. These types of loans are secured by personal guarantees and real estate as collateral.

THE BENEFITS OF PRIVATE REAL ESTATE LENDING ARE:

• Fast access to capital for borrowers

• Higher LTV

• Construction financing

1 http://us.spindices.com/indices/equity/sp-500-real-estate-index
2 http://us.spindices.com/indices/fixed-income/sp-500-bond-index



V1.02202018
PAGE 5 OF 44

For investors, this type of lending presents a unique opportunity. U.S. real estate assets are 
considered to be among the most stable, yet currently available investment vehicles such as 
REITs are expensive to set up and maintain, have a high minimum investment threshold, and 
provide slow or no liquidity.

Furthermore, buying, improving and selling real estate assets is a very lucrative business. 
In 2013, according to USA Today3, an American newspaper, investors bought and sold over 
158,000 properties, for an average profit of over $58,000. In some states, profits exceeded 
$100,000 per project. Given the average time it takes to buy, improve and sell a property is 
six months, and investors can undertake multiple projects simultaneously, investors can earn 
hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars per year.

ASSET TOKENIZATION

Traditionally, if an investor wanted to invest in real 
estate, they had two options: either purchase the 
real estate directly, or invest in a REIT (Real Estate 
Investment Trust). However, both of these options 
have a number of downsides. The first option, 
buying real estate directly, is a cumbersome and 
protracted process, requiring specialized expertise, 
time, and an established ecosystem of service 
providers. The second option might seem more 
attractive, until a deeper look reveals REITs often 
have high investment minimums and long periods 
of illiquidity. Most importantly, the returns on these 
investments have been poor according to The Wall 
Street Journal4.

It has become clear that traditional funds such as REITs are inferior in key areas where Caviar’s 
tokenized approach excels. According to Professor Stephen McKeon from the University of 
Oregon5, tokenizing traditional investment funds solves many challenges.It lowers the cost of 
fund management, lowers the administrative costs of friction for investors to enter the fund, 
and removes the “illiquidity barrier” that keeps investors’ equity locked up for years. All of 
these factors elevate the real returns from Caviar’s real estate investments and allow Caviar to 
capture additional “alpha”.

3 https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2014/02/02/6-best-states-to-flip-a-house/5115321/
4 https://www.wsj.com/articles/considering-a-reit-heres-how-to-evaluate-likely-returns-1486350480
5 https://medium.com/@stephenbmckeon/traditional-asset-tokenization-b8a59585a7e0



V1.02202018
PAGE 6 OF 44

BUSINESS MODEL

Caviar has developed a proprietary, data driven, dual purpose investment model to capture 
growth from fast appreciating cryptocurrencies and crypto-assets, while providing exposure to 
income generating U.S. real estate.

ADVANTAGES

The rise of blockchain markets produced a number of funds that invest in cryptocurrencies 
and assets.  Some of these funds offer their investors profit-sharing options and promise 
diversification by keeping a portion of their assets in Bitcoins.  However, in highly volatile 
crypto-markets, monthly or quarterly profits are not guaranteed. Although Bitcoin is arguably 
the least volatile and most liquid crypto-currency today, it is still part of the same asset class 
and is prone to volatility.  

Caviar provides investors with an opportunity to diversify their portfolios beyond crypto-
currencies and tokens via the fund’s exposure to lower-risk real estate markets. Caviar is in a 
unique position to be able to shift funds from crypto-markets to real estate and vice versa in 
order to modify allocation, maximize returns and minimize risk. Caviar’s business model takes a 
more balanced approach to investing through a combination of fast-appreciating crypto-assets 
and stable income-producing real estate. This is a proven systematic method for achieving 
growth and income via dual market exposure in a single token.



V1.02202018
PAGE 7 OF 44

BENEFITS

Dual purpose with strong upside
We diversify crypto-currencies and crypto-assets with income producing real estate 
loans, resulting in a risk-sensitive portfolio

Downside protection backed by stable assets
In case of a bear market in real estate or crypto, we can shift investments to maximize 
upside

Profit Sharing
Our token holders receive 75% of quarterly profits via smart contract

Stronger predictive power and more effective asset allocation
A proprietary Intelligent Predictive Model for Crypto Asset and Crypto Currency price 
forecasting backed by real data science

Transparency
Transactions and investments are visible on blockchain

Strong historical performance
5 years of previous real estate loan investment experience

Experienced team
Years of fixed income, equity, debt, crypto-markets and academic experience

Low minimum entry compared to traditional funds
No minimum investment during the crowd sale

Token value growth
20% of profits are reinvested 

Liquidity
Capital set-aside quarterly to buy back and burn tokens to provide liquidity

Fully compliant
Caviar is fully compliant under international KYC/AML rules



Figure 1V1.02202018
PAGE 8 OF 44

CRYPTO INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES

Through strong fundamental analysis and models based on a proprietary framework, Caviar 
will be making long term cyclical investments in fast appreciating crypto-currencies and assets 
with over $100m in market cap, while also investing in new, high upside projects with “real 
world” enablement, payments and finance, blockchain platforms, privacy and other use-cases; 
utilizing our proprietary Intelligent Predictive Model.

CAVIAR INTELLIGENT PREDICTIVE MODEL (IPM)

Caviar has developed an innovative predictive model for CryptoAsset (CA) and CryptoCurrency 
(CC) price forecasting in both short and long term projection timescales. (Figure 1) The 
predictive model relies on historical data to derive linear equations relating historical prices and 
growth rates to historical time-variant quantities, and a mixture of time-invariant qualitative/
quantitative metrics. The derived linear equations are then weighted by characteristic R2 values. 
These linear equations combined with a suite of patented logical elements are used to project 
the growth of a CA in comparison to that of Bitcoin (BTC).

A separate model will take into account trends in the underlying cryptocurrency ecosystem by 
analyzing Bitcoin social signals and trends and comparing these metrics to historical Bitcoin 
price fluctuations in order to model the underlying trend in the BTC/USD ratio. The BTC/USD 
trend model will employ artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms and machine learning simulations 
to make predictions about future trends and then estimate a BTC/USD ratio at a specified date. 
The two models will be calculated independently of one another, and then multiplied to predict 
the CA/CC pricing in USD at a specified future date.



V1.02202018
PAGE 9 OF 44

Both models will pull data automatically from public sources to instantly update the underlying 
algorithms and linear equations in order to make judgments in real time regarding increases 
or decreases in CA/CC projected growth and/or risk. The model is fully automated and is 
designed to alert analysts when an asset held in a portfolio experiences a significant change 
in volatility, when a new asset appears online, or when an asset not currently held in a portfolio 
rises above a predetermined expected growth threshold. This real time data collection and 
mining, working dynamically with an AI predictive scheme based on machine learning, allows 
for stronger predictive power and more effective asset allocation.

REAL ESTATE LENDING ACTIVITIES

A portion of Caviar’s assets will be used 
for lending to real estate entrepreneurs 
for the purposes of purchasing, 
improving and selling real estate 
assets. Past loans have been extended 
mostly in the Northeastern region of the 
United States, specifically in the state 
of Connecticut (CT), which is located 
between two major metropolitan areas - 
New York City and Boston. CT is a fairly 
small state, and is ranked #1 in the 
United States for per capita income of 
$69,311 (from BEA6). The state of CT is 

6 https://www.bea.gov/regional/bearfacts/pdf.
cfm?fips=09000&areatype=STATE&geotype=3



V1.02202018
PAGE 10 OF 44

considered one of the biggest insurance hubs in the world, and is home to corporations such 
as Aetna, Cigna, The Hartford, as well as Xerox, Sikorski, and many others. Caviar already has 
a strong presence, business network and connections spanning the states of CT, MA and NY, 
and will continue to build and expand this network regionally if necessary.

The real estate market in the state of CT is very robust. There are many opportunities for Caviar’s 
prospective customers to purchase, improve and resell property. According to RealtyTrac, a 
real estate statistics service, foreclosures in CT in June 2017 were approximately 14007, up 
slightly from around 1300 the same time last year. This reality points to a robust market for our 
partners, who are often involved in purchasing foreclosed or distressed property.

Caviar will continue to focus on lending for single and two-family homes in the Northeastern 
United States, with a total loan amount of under $500,000, while also expanding to other areas 
in US and Europe by utilizing Caviar Platform.  With this model and focus on properties in the 
lower to middle price range, a number of advantages exist:

1. Properties in this price range sell faster 

2. Higher cash re-lending results, thus increasing IRR 

3. Risk profile is lower with a higher number of loans

REAL ESTATE LENDING PROCESS

Caviar follows a strict lending process when issuing debt to its borrowers. The following criteria 
are used to determine each applicant’s ability to receive funding:

Borrower CScore above 800

After Rehab Value under 75%

Loan to Value ratio at purchase under 95% including construction cost

Favorable location

Favorable market conditions

7 http://www.realtytrac.com/statsandtrends/foreclosuretrends/ct



V1.02202018
PAGE 11 OF 44

APPLICATION AND CREDIT CHECK

Caviar receives an application for a new project and 
performs a credit check on the borrower. Caviar 

uses a proprietary scoring system called CScore to 
rate each borrower. CScore is assigned based on 
a number of factors such as experience, Experian 

credit score, personal net worth and more, and 
ranges from 0 to 1000.

PROPERTY INSPECTION

Caviar’s team meets with the borrower to inspect 
and review the property, understand the scope 

of work, and determine if the proposed property 
improvement budget can be approved by one of 

Caviar’s expert estimators. The project can move 
ahead if the estimator approves the budget.

CLOSING

After all due diligence is completed, and both sides 
approve the deal, Caviar’s legal team conducts the 
closing and funds for property purchase and initial 

draw are released.

MARKET

Caviar’s team analyzes the local market, number 
of properties for sale, past sales performance and 
other factors.

ARV (AFTER REHAB VALUE) 
DETERMINATION

After the property inspection, Caviar team 
determines the ARV based on the projected post-
rehab value of the property. Caviar loans are always 
below 75% of the ARV.

IMPROVEMENT

Throughout the rehab process, draws are provided 
on a previously agreed upon schedule. Before the 
next draw is approved, a member of Caviar’s team 
personally drives to the property to examine it. 
Based on the inspection and the team’s observation 
of progress made, the draw is either approved or 
denied.



V1.02202018
PAGE 12 OF 44

REAL ESTATE LENDING PAST PERFORMANCE

333-335 GLENBROOK RD. STAMFORD, CT

Stamford, CT is the third largest city in the state and 
the seventh largest city in New England. Conveniently 
located on the main branch of Metro-North’s New 
Haven Line, Stamford serves as a vital and vibrant 
business center and is home to numerous Fortune 500 
companies, as well as the headquarters and research 
facilities of numerous major corporations. Stamford 
has long been considered one of the country’s most 
desirable cities because of its ability to offer an 
attractive suburban lifestyle amid a dynamic economy. This gem of a property sits on 8,100 sq. ft. lot. This 9 
bedroom, 3 baths multi-family home is approximately 3,962 sq. ft., and ready to move in!

89 WHITEHILL DR. WEST HARTFORD, CT

Hartford, CT is a lovely town that is located in North 
Central Connecticut just minutes from the Connecticut 
River and Suffield.  The city is located along the 
Connecticut River, 40 miles from the Long Island 
Sound. This gem of a property sits on 0.26 acres as 
a refashioned ranch house offering an impressive 
package with lots of attention to detail. The kitchen 
is updated with new stainless-steel appliances and 
attractive tile backsplash. The house is roomy and airy 
with the kitchen open to the dining room area and then into the living room where you will find an inviting marble 
fireplace to sit by. The property also has a circular driveway in the front of the house and a 2-car garage on the 
side attached both add plenty of room for you and some guests. And, don’t forget the enclosed porch!

35 SKYLINE DR. FARMINGTON, CT

Renovated cape features modern and tasteful updates 
throughout! This gem of a property sits on 0.48 acres 
and features over 1800 Sq. ft., currently 4 beds with 
possibility of a 5th on 2nd floor. Lots of character and 
spacious rooms. Includes two more beds with views 
of Hartford skyline from the bedroom on the right side. 
Great curb appeal and Ideal location. prime location 
along With Private Yard- this house has it all!

Over 20
Deals funded

6 months
Average loan term

$170,000
Average deal size

Zero
Late payments

16% per year
IRR



V1.02202018
PAGE 13 OF 44

COLLATERAL

All real estate debt provided by Caviar is secured by a personal guarantee from the borrower(s) 
as well as a first lien position against the real estate asset. In case of foreclosure, Caviar will 
repossess the real estate property, complete the construction needed to bring the project to 
market, list and sell the property. Unlike other lenders that only focus on the lending side of the 
business, Caviar has the in-house construction infrastructure to help both in underwriting the 
asset, and if needed, improving the asset. While some lenders end up foreclosing on bad debt 
and then selling the assets for pennies on the dollar, Caviar can use its in-house infrastructure 
to complete the deal and sell the asset for a profit. This further de-risks Caviar’s loan portfolio.

PROFIT AND DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION

SMART CONTRACT 
WITH PROFIT 

SHARING

INVESTORS

INTELLIGENT 
PREDICTIVE 
MODEL (IPM)

FUND 
REALLOCATION 

BASED ON MARKET 
CONDITIONS

INVESTMENT

CRYPTOCURRENCY 
PORTFOLIO

INVESTMENT

REAL STATE DEBT 
PORTFOLIO

PROFITS PROFITS

REINVESTED 20% REINVESTED 20%

TOKEN

PROFITS 75% TOKEN BUYBACK 5%

EXCHANGES

TOKEN BUYBACK 5%



V1.02202018
PAGE 14 OF 44

Quarterly Profit Distribution

Caviar tokens are issued on a smart contract, using the ERC20 protocol on a fully decentralized 
and auditable Ethereum blockchain. Quarterly profit sharing is guaranteed by a fully auditable 
smart contract.

Every quarter, a distribution in the form of ETH will be made via a smart contract to all Caviar 
token holders, representing 75% of Caviar’s net quarterly profits after management fees and 
operating expenses.

REINVESTMENT / TOKEN BUYBACK

20% of net quarterly profits will be reinvested back for token value growth. 

5% of net quarterly profits will be used to buy back and burn Caviar tokens to provide additional 
liquidity and increase token value.

75%
distributed to token 

holders

20%
reinvested back

5%
token buyback 

and burn



V1.02202018
PAGE 15 OF 44

CAVIAR PLATFORM

With well over 150,000 real estate assets8 being purchased for purposes of improvement 
and resale in the United States every year, and the ability for investors to earn hundreds of 
thousands, or even millions of dollars per year, this is an opportunity many are interested in 
embracing as a business venture of their own. So there exists a need for a community of peers, 
mentors and service providers to educate, disseminate information on deals, and provide peer 
to peer communications. This community also gives real estate developers a platform from 
which to raise funds for their projects. By building a community of real estate developers and 
entrepreneurs, Caviar will further its goals, improve its deal-flow and provide token holders with 
additional opportunity to earn profits.

8 https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2014/02/02/6-best-states-to-flip-a-house/5115321/

CAVIAR TOKEN 
HOLDERS

REAL STATE 
DEVELOPERS

SERVICE 
PROVIDERS

PLATFORM

 

Fund Projects,
Provide Feedback

Interest

Fees & Interest Payment in CAV

Funds for Projects

Fund Projects, Provide 
Due-Diligence

Education, Mentorship, 
Professional Services

List Development 
Projects



V1.02202018
PAGE 16 OF 44

Caviar will use part of the proceeds from the token sale to build an advanced platform that will 
include:

• Community boards for education and mentorship

• A crowdfunding platform for Caviar token holders and real estate developers

V1.11222017
PAGE 16 OF 43

Caviar will use part of the proceeds from the token sale to build an advanced platform that will 
include:

• Community boards for education and mentorship

• A crowdfunding platform for Caviar token holders and real estate developers



V1.02202018
PAGE 17 OF 44

Caviar Platform will be open to anyone in the world for viewing. Participants in project funding 
activities will be required to:

• Register and complete KYC/AML verification

• Have a minimum required balance of CAV tokens in their wallets

Caviar has a strong network and footprint in USA and will start accepting US-based real estate 
projects only. This will be followed by EU countries that have the highest demand for short term 
real estate financing.

To list projects on Caviar platform developers will be required to:

• Register and complete KYC/AML verification

• Submit detailed information about the project, including:

 » Project details (location, estimated before and after value)

 » Requested loan amount

 » Loan term length (up to 12 months)

 » Annual/Monthly interest

 » Detailed description of improvements, including number of stages for work 
completion and draw amounts requested for each stage of the project (if applicable)

 » Accepted payment (BTC, ETH, CAV, USD)

• Pay a one-time listing & pre-screening fee

Caviar will conduct full due diligence of every property, including but not limited to:

• Review of documentation

• Title search

• Price verification

• Budget review

• On-site property inspection by a Caviar partner



V1.02202018
PAGE 18 OF 44

Caviar will take first lien position against every project funded through the network. In case of 
a default, Caviar will execute a foreclosure or a lien-in-lieu process to repossess the property, 
sell it and return the proceeds to investors. 

Active Caviar community members and service providers may also participate in all projects 
by offering services such as property inspections, appraisals or other contractor work in return 
for CAV tokens.

Caviar reserves the right to make selective investments into projects listed on the Caviar 
platform, at the same terms as other investors. This is an additional benefit to both Caviar and 
real estate developers looking to quickly raise funds for their projects.

Caviar will charge 5% fee of the funds collected.  If the project does not reach its funding goal, 
the funds will be returned to the participants and the fee will not be charged.



V1.02202018
PAGE 19 OF 44

AUDIT AND SECURITY

Caviar will utilize CAView, a proprietary set of monitoring tools that allows investors to verify 
funds’ activities including loan payments, trading histories, balance, etc. It guarantees full 
transparency and honest and anonymous profit sharing and distribution.

Caviar will use the highest security standards, including multi-signature hardware, cold storage 
and secure wallets.

Caviar will also undergo an accounting audit post token sale by a reputable firm.

COMPLIANCE

Caviar intends to comply with all applicable regulations before, during and after the token sale. 
All applicable laws as well as KYC/AML will be applied.



V1.02202018
PAGE 20 OF 44

TIMETABLE/ROADMAP

2013

Caviar Capital 

Established

2015
Caviar Capital grows to 

over $1,000,000 Assets 

Under Management 

(AUM)

APRIL 2018
first quarterly profit 

distribution to token holders

NOVEMBER 
2017

Caviar presale

JULY 2018
Caviar platform general 

availability

2019

MARCH 2018
CAView beta

JANUARY 2018
token sale completed, 

FEBRUARY 2018
funds deployed into 

crypto-markets and 

real estate

FEBRUARY 2018
audit completed

DECEMBER 
2017

token sale

*Caviar is working hard to deliver all features on time. However, we 

reserve the right to make adjustments to our timelines..



V1.02202018
PAGE 21 OF 44

TOKEN GENERATING EVENT

Goal Raise Amount $25 million
Token Type ERC20, Ethereum Blockchain
Maximum token supply 375,000,000
Price per token $0.10

Bonuses:

Days 1 - 3 15%
Days 4 - 6 12.5%
Days 7 - 9 10%
Days 10 - 12 7.5%

Presale Minimum   $500
Presale Discount Up to 30%
Pre-Sale Period December 1 - December 7
Crowd Sale Period December 12 - January 31
Token Issuance Within 30 days of token generating event
Vesting Period for Partners 6 months



V1.02202018
PAGE 22 OF 44

USE OF FUNDS

Caviar will keep reserves in the form of fiat to provide additional profit payout liquidity during 
market downturns or when closing position/loan is ill-advised. Reserve Fund will always be 
replenished first to the original amount with the following quarter’s profits.

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

10%
Legal & 

Administrative

5%
Reserve Fund

5%
Technology 

Development 80%
Portfolio

Partners 
and advisors

12%

Bounties 3%

85%
Sold at token generating event



V1.02202018
PAGE 23 OF 44

TEAM MEMBERS

KIRILL BENSONOFF
Partner

GUY NEUMANN
Partner

ALEX SHVAYETSKY
Partner

Kirill is a serial entrepreneur with over 

a decade of experience and several 

multi-million dollar exits in the IT 

services space. Kirill bought his first 

Bitcoin in 2013 and participated in 

dozens of token generating events. Kirill 

graduated from MIT’s Entrepreneurial 

Masters program and has invested and 

advised over 20 companies as an active 

angel investor. Kirill co-hosts the Boston 

Crypto Meetup series.

Experienced entrepreneur with a 

demonstrated history of working in 

the real estate industry. Guy runs a 

successful construction company, and 

has strong expertise in development, 

estimation, and other areas of real 

estate. Strong entrepreneurial 

professional with a Bachelor of Applied 

Science (B.A.Sc.) focused on Finance 

and Economics from University of 

Hartford.

Alex is an entrepreneur and crypto 

investor. Alex holds degrees in Finance 

and Mathematics and has over 20 

years of experience in developing 

and managing real estate investment 

properties. Alex’s strong mathematics 

and finance background helped him 

successfully invest in equities and other 

securities. Once Alex discovered crypto, 

he became interested in investing and 

developed successful trading strategies 

based on proprietary models. He has 

been an early investor in Ethereum, 

and participated in over a dozen token-

generating events.

DAVID DRAKE
Advisor

David Drake is the Chairman of LDJ Capital, a family 

office based in NYC; Victoria Partners, LDJ Real 

Estate Group; Drake Hospitality Group; and, The 

Soho Loft Media Group. LDJ Capital’s extended 

network of funds of funds and hedge funds 

manages 1.5 trillion USD in assets. David previously 

represented the US Commerce Department at the 

EU and he spoke at the UK Parliament. Mr. Drake’s 

access to 100,000 investors is maintained through 

his media holding investment The Soho Loft Media 

Group which has produced and sponsored over 

1500+ global finance conferences since 2002. David 

Drake is actively involved in the crypto community 

as an advisor and speaker and has helped 

blockchain firms he advised raise $101M in funding 

through their ICO.

KAIRAT KALIEYV
Business Advisor

Founder of Cross Coin, which 

successfully conducted Starta’s ICO 

and attracted $5 million. Currently 

developing FinTech direction at 

Astana International Financial Centre, 

specializing in project development.

JAMES JAMIL
Legal Advisor

A prominent thought leader on 

cryptocurrency and a partner at 

Thompson Hine, Jim provides insight 

into the unique regulatory challenges 

surrounding alternative financial 

services, and is a frequent presenter 

and commentator on the legal 

implications of Bitcoin. James is an 

adjunct professor at Fordham University 

School of Law, and is Executive Director 

of the Wall Street Blockchain Alliance.



V1.02202018
PAGE 24 OF 44

BENJAMIN FINCH
Strategic Advisor

MIKHAIL SAVCHENKO
Advisor

Ben specializes in technology driven marketing, strategic 

project planning, social media, and community building. He 

applies best practices from these fields to the cryptocurrency 

space for a number of start ups and ICOs. He has completed a 

total of $75M in sales in his time as a marketer. Ben leads The 

Ledger Agency, the first multidisciplinary agency to specialize 

in blockchain development, consultation and marketing.

Born with a ZX Spectrum in his hand, Mike is a veteran 

programmer with more than 20 years experience of software 

development, security and cryptography. His CV includes an 

MBA in IT Project Management and he has applied his skills to 

blockchain development since the early days of bitcoin. Most 

recently, he won a fintech hackathon at which he presented 

a trusted document exchange based on IPFS and Ethereum 

that forms a key part of ChronoBank’s functionality.

IHOR PIDRUCHNY
Technology Advisor

Ihor is a prominent technology manager whose expertise 

includes blockchain, cryptocurrencies, social media, B2B 

and trading solutions. Ihor has successfully completed 

projects for Toronto and Silicon Valley startups, and has 

led development for multiple blockchain projects and 

ICOs.

DAVID M. WIRTH
Data Science Advisor

David is an aerospace engineer and inventor with patents 

in the 3D printing and hardware engineering space. He 

has also been heavily involved in cryptocurrency mining 

hardware development for the past 7 years. He has 

served as an Air Force officer, a technical consultant for 

the Discovery Channel, and a developmental engineer for 

the Air Force Research Lab. He is the founder of the 3D 

printing company, Fabric8Labs, and the original inventor 

of its technology. He also invented a field-augmented 

Lorentz accelerator (also known as the “portable 

railgun”). His inventions have been featured on Wired, 

Hackaday, Popular Science, and Make magazine - and 

his advancements have been recognized by NASA, the 

National Science Foundation, the US Air Force, and the 

President’s Science Advisors.



V1.02202018
PAGE 25 OF 44

JAMES SOWERS
ICO Advisor

ICO advisor, Founder Crypto Specialist LLC, Angel 

Investor and crypto capitalist, Mentor @ Alchemist 

accelerator.

James Sowers is a Korean-American businessman and 

philanthropist. He is an ICO advisor and crypto asset 

Executive.  He has invested in over 30 startups and a 

dozen initial coin offerings. James is a contributor to 

Crypto Daily U.K. and was recently interview by the 

Huffington post on his theory of Tokenarism which was 

featured in economic trends. 

IVAN LABRIE
Trading Strategy Advisor

Ivan is a top trader on Tradingview.com and has been 

trading for over 5 years. Ivan also runs a popular signals 

service. He started his career in altcoin mining, which 

naturally led to trading. Ivan utilizes a proprietary trading 

methodology, originally developed by his mentor, a 

successful fund manager. His unique set of skills and 

experience as a trader in crypto-assets, equities and FX 

have allowed him to outperform Bitcoin and other major 

indexes for the past 2 years, managing risks effectively, 

and timing trends with precision.

GABRIEL JARROSSON
Advisor

Gabriel Jarrosson is a French entrepreneur, crypto investor 

and a founder of a private crypto investment group. Gabriel 

sold his first website at age 13.  He started his first business 

in 2011 as an engineering student. In 2013 he created his 

second company, Le Vin de France, a wine marketplace for 

French winegrowers, which he sold in 2016 after 3 years of 

growth. In 2013 he received “best digital startup” award by 

Paris Town Hall. Since then, he has been a private investor, 

business angel, and an early crypto adopter. 

KATHY BERARDI
Public Relations Advisor

Kathy is a PR strategist who leverages her 15+ years 

of media, analyst and influencer relations and content 

development expertise to increase the brand recognition 

and voice of Caviar in the marketplace. Her career highlights 

include managing content and media outreach for B2B and 

B2C brands, including fintech, software, cloud computing, 

supply chain, security and marketing technology companies. 

Her creative efforts have resulted in prominent placements 

of client stories in national media, in addition to securing 

hundreds of thought leadership commentary opportunities 

for subject matter experts in media outlets from Forbes, Fast 

Company, and Inc. to business, 

V1.11222017
PAGE 25 OF 43

JAMES SOWERS
ICO Advisor

ICO advisor, Founder Crypto Specialist LLC, Angel 

Investor and crypto capitalist, Mentor @ Alchemist 

accelerator.

James Sowers is a Korean-American businessman and 

philanthropist. He is an ICO advisor and crypto asset 

Executive.  He has invested in over 30 startups and a 

dozen initial coin offerings. James is a contributor to 

Crypto Daily U.K. and was recently interview by the 

Huffington post on his theory of Tokenarism which was 

featured in economic trends. 

IVAN LABRIE
Trading Strategy Advisor

Ivan is a top trader on Tradingview.com and has been 

trading for over 5 years. Ivan also runs a popular signals 

service. He started his career in altcoin mining, which 

naturally led to trading. Ivan utilizes a proprietary trading 

methodology, originally developed by his mentor, a 

successful fund manager. His unique set of skills and 

experience as a trader in crypto-assets, equities and FX 

have allowed him to outperform Bitcoin and other major 

indexes for the past 2 years, managing risks effectively, 

and timing trends with precision.

GABRIEL JARROSSON
Advisor

Gabriel Jarrosson is a French entrepreneur, crypto investor 

and a founder of a private crypto investment group. Gabriel 

sold his first website at age 13.  He started his first business 

in 2011 as an engineering student. In 2013 he created his 

second company, Le Vin de France, a wine marketplace for 

French winegrowers, which he sold in 2016 after 3 years of 

growth. In 2013 he received “best digital startup” award by 

Paris Town Hall. Since then, he has been a private investor, 

business angel, and an early crypto adopter. 

KATHY BERARDI
Public Relations Advisor

Kathy is a PR strategist who leverages her 15+ years 

of media, analyst and influencer relations and content 

development expertise to increase the brand recognition 

and voice of Caviar in the marketplace. Her career highlights 

include managing content and media outreach for B2B and 

B2C brands, including fintech, software, cloud computing, 

supply chain, security and marketing technology companies. 

Her creative efforts have resulted in prominent placements 

of client stories in national media, in addition to securing 

hundreds of thought leadership commentary opportunities 

for subject matter experts in media outlets from Forbes, Fast 

Company, and Inc. to business, 



V1.02202018
PAGE 26 OF 44

LEGAL DISCLAIMERS

1. LEGAL DISCLAIMER

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, 
TAX, AND OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S) BEFORE TAKING ANY ACTION IN CONNECTION 
WITH THIS WHITE PAPER.

This White Paper is intended to present relevant information to potential purchasers 
(Purchasers) in connection with the proposed offering by Caviar of the Caviar Tokens (Token 
Launch), including information about the Caviar ERC20 smart contract (Caviar Smart Contract) 
and the Caviar Platform. The information contained in this White Paper is not intended to 
be exhaustive and the statements included in this White Paper are not intended to create a 
contractual relationship. Nothing in this White Paper shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus 
of any sort, a solicitation for investment or investment advice nor does it in any way pertain 
to an offering or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction. This White 
Paper is not composed in accordance with, and is not subject to, laws or regulations of any 
jurisdiction which are designed to protect investors. To the maximum amount permitted by 
applicable law, each of Caviar (defined below), Caviar LLP, Kirill Bensonoff, Guy Neumann and 
Alex Shvayetsky (collectively, the Caviar Parties) expressly disclaim and shall not be liable 
for any and all responsibility for any direct or any indirect, special, incidental, consequential 
or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of 
revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with (i) 
Purchaser’s acceptance of or reliance on any information contained in this White Paper, (ii) any 
error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information or (iii) any action resulting therefrom.

All statements, estimates and financial information contained in this White Paper, made in any 
press releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made 
by [Legal Name of Cayman Company Issuing Tokens] (Caviar) or any Caviar Party that are not 
statements of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking statements”.

Nothing contained in this White Paper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or 
undertaking as to the future performance or policies of the Caviar.

Further, the Caviar disclaims any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking 
statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect 



V1.02202018
PAGE 27 OF 44

future developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or 
other events occur in the future.

2. DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE

The acquisition of Caviar Tokens involves a high degree of risk. Before acquiring Caviar Tokens, 
it is recommended that each Purchaser conduct its own careful examination of all relevant 
information and risks about the Caviar, Caviar Platform and Caviar Tokens and, specifically, 
the disclosures and risk factors set out below. If any of the following risks actually occurs, the 
Caviar Platform, Caviar Token and Purchaser’s Caviar Tokens may be materially and adversely 
affected, including the Purchaser’s Caviar Token being rendered worthless or unusable.

3. DISCLOSURES REGARDING THIS WHITE PAPER

3.1  ACCURACY OF INFORMATION, NO CONSENT OF PARTIES REFERENCED 
IN WHITE PAPER

This White Paper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been 
obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, as well as market 
research, publicly available information and industry publications. Such surveys, reports, 
studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that 
the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but 
there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such included information.

Save for the Caviar and its respective directors, executive officers and employees, no person 
has provided his or her consent to the inclusion of his or her name and/or other information 
attributed or perceived to be attributed to such person in connection therewith in this White 
Paper and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be provided as to the 
accuracy or completeness of such information by such person and such persons shall not be 
obliged to provide any updates on the same.

Neither the Caviar nor any of the Caviar Parties has conducted any independent review of 
the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy or completeness of 
such information or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. 
Consequently, neither Caviar nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting on 
its behalf makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such 
information and shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same.



V1.02202018
PAGE 28 OF 44

3.2 TERMS USED

To facilitate a better understanding of the Caviar Tokens being offered for purchase by 
the Caviar, and the businesses and operations of the Caviar, certain technical terms and 
abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have been used in this White 
Paper. These descriptions and assigned meanings should not be treated as being definitive of 
their meanings and may not correspond to standard industry meanings or usage.

Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and 
words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter 
genders and vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations.

3.3 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

All statements, estimates and financial information contained in this White Paper, made in any 
press releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by 
Caviar or any Caviar Party that are not statements of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking 
statements”. Some of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as 
“aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, 
“possible”, “probable”, “project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms. However, these 
terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All statements 
regarding the Caviar’s financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the 
future prospects of the industry which the Caviar is in are forward-looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements as to the Caviar’s revenue 
and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters 
discussed in this White Paper regarding Caviar are matters that are not historic facts, but only 
predictions.

Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors which may cause actual events or results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially from the estimates or the results implied or expressed in such forward-looking 
statements. These factors include, amongst others:

a. changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and 
the regulatory environment in the countries in which the Caviar conducts its respective 
businesses and operations;

b. the risk that the Caviar may be unable or execute or implement their respective business 
strategies and future plans;

c. changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies;



V1.02202018
PAGE 29 OF 44

d. changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of the Caviar;

e. changes in the availability and fees payable to the Caviar in connection with their respective 
businesses and operations;

f. changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by the Caviar to 
operate their respective businesses and operations;

g. changes in preferences of customers of the Caviar;

h. changes in competitive conditions under which the Caviar operate, and the ability of the 
Caviar to compete under such conditions;

i. changes in the future capital needs of the Caviar and the availability of financing and capital 
to fund such needs;

j. war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;

k. occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the 
businesses and/or operations of the Caviar;

l. other factors beyond the control of the Caviar; and

m. any risk and uncertainties associated with the Caviar and its business and operations, 
the Caviar Tokens, the Token Launch and the underlying assets (each as referred to in the 
White Paper).

Nothing contained in this White Paper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or 
undertaking as to the future performance or policies of the Caviar.

Further, the Caviar disclaims any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking 
statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect 
future developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or 
other events occur in the future.

3.4 NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE

No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained 
in this White Paper in connection with the Caviar and its business and operations, the Caviar 
Tokens, the Token Launch and the underlying assets (each as referred to in the White Paper) and, 
if given, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by or on behalf of the Caviar. The Token Launch (as referred to in the White Paper) shall not, 
under any circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion 
or implication that there has been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve a 



V1.02202018
PAGE 30 OF 44

material change in the affairs, conditions and prospects of Caviar or in any statement of fact 
or information contained in this White Paper since the date hereof.

3.5  RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION OF WHITE 
PAPER

The distribution or dissemination of this White Paper or any part thereof may be prohibited or 
restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where 
any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which 
are applicable to your possession of this White Paper or such part thereof (as the case may be) 
at your own expense and without liability to the Caviar.

Persons to whom a copy of this White Paper has been distributed or disseminated, provided 
access to or who otherwise have the White Paper in their possession shall not circulate it 
to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this White Paper or any information 
contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.

3.6 LANGUAGE OF WHITE PAPER

This White Paper may have been prepared in multiple languages. In the event of any 
inconsistencies between one version and another, the English language version shall prevail.

4. DISCLOSURES REGARDING CAVIAR TOKENS

4.1 NATURE OF CAVIAR TOKENS

Except as explicitly set out in the White Paper, Caviar Tokens do not have any rights, uses, 
purpose, attributes, functionalities or features, express or implied, including, without limitation, 
any uses, purpose, attributes, functionalities or features on the Caviar Platform. Caviar does 
not guarantee and is not representing in any way to Purchaser that the Caviar Tokens have any 
rights, uses, purpose, attributes, functionalities or features. The purchase of Caviar Tokens 
does not provide Purchaser with rights of any form with respect to the Caviar or its revenues or 
assets, including, but not limited to, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary 
(including all forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights; is not a loan to 
Caviar; and does not provide Purchaser with any ownership or other interest in Caviar.



V1.02202018
PAGE 31 OF 44

4.2 CAVIAR TOKENS ARE NON-REFUNDABLE

Other than instances described in the White Paper related to the non-completion of the Token 
Launch, Caviar is not obliged to provide Caviar Token holders with a refund for any reason, 
and Caviar Token holders will not receive money or other compensation in lieu of a refund. 
Statements set out in the White Paper are merely expressions of the Caviar’s objectives and 
desired work plan to achieve those objectives. and no promises of future performance or price 
are or will be made in respect to Caviar Tokens, including no promise of inherent value, and no 
guarantee that Caviar Tokens will hold any particular value.

4.3 CAVIAR TOKENS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS

The Caviar Tokens are provided on “as is” basis. The Caviar Parties and each of their respective 
directors, officers, employees, shareholders, affiliates and licensors make no representations 
or warranties of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise regarding the Caviar 
Tokens, including any warranty that the Caviar Tokens and Caviar Platform will be uninterrupted, 
error-free or free of harmful components, secure or not otherwise lost or damaged. Except to 
the extent prohibited by applicable law, the Caviar Parties and each of their respective directors, 
officers, employees, shareholders, affiliates and licensors disclaim all warranties, including any 
implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-
infringement, or quiet enjoyment, and any warranties arising out of any course of dealings, 
usage or trade.

4.4 NON-INVESTMENT PURPOSES

Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser is not purchasing Caviar Tokens for 
purposes of investment, speculation, as some type of arbitrage strategy, for immediate resale 
or other financial purposes.

4.5 CAVIAR TOKENS MAY HAVE NO VALUE

The Caviar Tokens may have no value and there is no guarantee or representation of liquidity 
for Caviar Tokens. The Caviar is not and shall not be responsible for or liable for the market 
value of the Caviar Tokens, the transferability and/or liquidity of the Caviar Tokens and/or the 
availability of any market for Caviar Tokens through third parties or otherwise.

4.6 LACK OF DEVELOPMENT OF MARKET FOR CAVIAR TOKENS

There are no warranties that Caviar Tokens will be listed or made available for exchange for 
other cryptocurrency and/or fiat money. It shall be explicitly cautioned that if Caviar Tokens 



V1.02202018
PAGE 32 OF 44

are made available on an exchange, such exchange, if any, may not be subject to regulatory 
oversight, and the Caviar does not give any warranties in relation to any exchange services 
providers. Because there has been no prior public trading market for Caviar Tokens, the Token 
Launch may not result in an active or liquid market for Caviar Tokens, and the price of Caviar 
Tokens may be volatile. Caviar Token holders may not be able to dispose of Caviar Tokens 
easily and where no secondary market develops, a Caviar Token holder may not be able to 
liquidate at all.

4.7 RISKS RELATING TO HIGHLY SPECULATIVE PRICES

The valuation of cryptocurrency in a secondary market is usually not transparent, and highly 
speculative. The Caviar Tokens do not hold any ownership rights to the Caviar’s assets and, 
therefore, are not backed by any tangible asset. The value Caviar Tokens in the secondary 
market, any, may fluctuate greatly within a short period of time. There is a high risk that a 
Purchaser could lose its entire contribution amount. In the worst-case scenario, Caviar Tokens 
could be rendered worthless.

4.8 FORCE MAJEURE

The Token Launch and the performance of the Caviar’s activities set out in White Paper 
development roadmap may be interrupted, suspended or delayed due to force majeure 
circumstances. For the purposes of this White Paper, force majeure shall mean extraordinary 
events and circumstances which could not be prevented by Caviar and shall include: changes 
in market forces or the technology, acts of nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, 
industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage or other failures of 
energy supplies or communication service, acts of municipal, state or federal governmental 
agencies, other circumstances beyond Caviar’s control, which were not in existence at the time 
of Token Launch.

4.9 INSURANCE

Unlike bank accounts or accounts at financial institutions, Caviar Tokens are uninsured unless 
you specifically obtain private insurance to insure them. Thus, in the event of loss or loss of 
utility value, there is no public insurer or private insurance arranged by Caviar to offer recourse 
to Purchaser.



V1.02202018
PAGE 33 OF 44

5. GOVERNMENTAL DISCLOSURES

5.1 CAVIAR IS NOT A REGULATED MUTUAL FUND

Caviar is not regulated as a mutual fund for the purpose of the Mutual Funds Law (Revised) 
of the Cayman Islands on the basis that Caviar Tokens are not shares and Caviar is not a 
mutual fund, and neither a copy of this White Paper or details about Caviar have been filed with 
Cayman Islands Monetary Authority (CIMA). Because Caviar is not a regulated mutual fund, 
Caviar is not subject to the supervision of CIMA and Caviar is not required to have its accounts 
audited nor submit such accounts to CIMA.

If Caviar were regulated as a mutual fund under the Mutual Funds Law (Revised), it would 
need to comply with regulatory requirements designed to protect investors, including the 
requirement to limit the minimum aggregate token purchase amount to USD $100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency in order for it not to be licensed or administered by a licensed 
mutual fund administrator. Caviar would also need to pay a prescribed initial registration fee. 
These are matters which would be required in connection with an initial registration under the 
Mutual Funds Law. Caviar would also then have ongoing obligations under the Mutual Funds 
Law following its initial registration, including the obligation to

n. to file with CIMA prescribed details of any changes to this White Paper;

o. to file annually with CIMA accounts audited by an approved auditor and a fund annual 
return; and

p. to pay a prescribed annual fee.

If Caviar were a regulated mutual fund, it would also be subject to the supervision of CIMA, and 
CIMA would have wide powers to take certain actions if certain events occur.

5.2  RISK OF UNFAVORABLE REGULATORY ACTION IN ONE OR MORE 
JURISDICTIONS

The regulatory status of cryptographic tokens, digital assets, and blockchain technology is 
undeveloped, varies significantly among jurisdictions and is subject to significant uncertainty. 
It is possible that certain jurisdictions may adopt laws, regulations, policies or rules directly or 
indirectly affecting the Bitcoin and Ethereum network, or restricting the right to acquire, own, 
hold, sell, convert, trade, or use Caviar Tokens. Developments in laws, regulations, policies or 
rules may alter the nature of the operation of the blockchain network upon which the Caviar 
Tokens are dependent.



V1.02202018
PAGE 34 OF 44

There can be no assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations 
of Caviar Parties and/or pursue enforcement actions against Caviar Parties. All of this may 
subject Caviar Parties to judgments, settlements, fines or penalties, or cause Caviar Parties 
to restructure their operations and activities or to cease offering certain products or services, 
all of which could harm Caviar Parties’s reputation or lead to higher operational costs, which 
may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Caviar Tokens and/or the development of 
the Caviar Platform.

5.3 PURCHASER BEARS RESPONSIBILITY OF LEGAL CATEGORISATION

There is a risk that Caviar Tokens might be considered a security in certain jurisdictions, or 
that they might be considered to be a security in the future. The Caviar does not provide any 
warranty or guarantee as to whether the Caviar Tokens will be a security in the jurisdiction of 
the Purchaser. Each Purchaser will bear all consequences of Caviar Tokens being considered 
a security in their respective jurisdiction. Every Purchaser is responsible to confirm if the 
acquisition and/or disposal of Caviar Tokens is legal in its relevant jurisdiction, and each 
Purchaser undertakes not to use Caviar Tokens in any jurisdiction where doing so would be 
unlawful. If a Purchaser establishes that the purchase or use of Caviar Tokens is not legal in 
its jurisdiction, it should not acquire Caviar Tokens and immediately stop using or possessing 
Caviar Tokens.

Acquiring Caviar Tokens in exchange for cryptocurrency will most likely continue to be 
scrutinized by various regulatory bodies around the world, which may impact the usage of 
Caviar Tokens. The legal ability of the Caviar to provide or support Caviar Tokens in some 
jurisdictions may be eliminated by future regulation or legal actions. In the event the Caviar 
determines that the purchase or usage of Caviar Tokens is illegal in a certain jurisdiction, the 
Caviar may cease operations in that jurisdiction, or adjust Caviar Tokens in a way to comply 
with applicable law.

5.4  PURCHASER BEARS RESPONSIBILITY FOR COMPLYING WITH 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS

Caviar Tokens may be placed on third-party exchanges, giving future purchasers and users an 
opportunity to openly buy Caviar Tokens. A user seeking to enter the Caviar Platform following 
the Token Launch will have to buy Caviar Tokens on such exchanges. Conversely, Caviar Tokens 
may be sold on such exchanges if the holder of Caviar Tokens would like to exit the Caviar 
Platform ecosystem. Existing laws on the circulation of securities in certain countries, such as 
the United States of America and Singapore, may prohibit the sale of the Caviar Tokens to the 
residents of those countries. When buying Caviar Tokens, Purchaser should be aware of the 
restrictions on their subsequent sale.



V1.02202018
PAGE 35 OF 44

6. GENERAL SECURITY RISKS

6.1 RISK OF THEFT AND HACKING

Token generation events and initial coin offerings are often targeted by hackers and bad actors. 
Hackers may attempt to interfere with the Purchaser’s digital wallet, whether located on the 
Caviar Platform or otherwise, (Purchaser’s Wallet), the Caviar Smart Contract or the availability 
of Caviar Tokens in any number of ways, including without limitation denial of service attacks, 
Sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, or consensus-based attacks. Any such 
attack may result in theft of Purchaser’s Caviar Tokens.

6.2 PRIVATE KEYS

Caviar Tokens purchased by Purchaser may be held by Purchaser in Purchaser’s digital wallet 
or vault, which requires a private key, or a combination of private keys, for access. Accordingly, 
loss of requisite private key(s) associated with Purchaser’s digital wallet or vault storing Caviar 
Tokens will result in loss of such Caviar Tokens. Moreover, any third party that gains access to 
such private key(s), including by gaining access to login credentials of a hosted wallet or vault 
service Purchaser uses, may be able to misappropriate Purchaser’s Caviar Tokens. Caviar is 
not responsible for any such losses.

6.3 FAILURE TO MAP A PUBLIC KEY TO PURCHASER’S WALLET

Failure of the Purchaser to map a public key to such Purchaser’s Wallet may result in third-
parties being unable to recognize buyer’s Caviar Token balance on the Ethereum blockchain 
when and if they configure the initial balances of a new blockchain based upon the Caviar 
Platform.

6.4 RISK OF INCOMPATIBLE WALLET SERVICE

The wallet or wallet service provider used for the acquisition and storage of the Caviar Tokens 
has to be technically compatible with the Caviar Tokens. The failure to assure this may result 
in the Purchaser not being able to gain access to its Caviar Tokens.

6.5  RISK OF WEAKNESSES OR EXPLOITABLE BREAKTHROUGHS IN THE 
FIELD OF CRYPTOGRAPHY

Advances in cryptography, or other technical advances such as the development of quantum 
computers, could present risks to cryptocurrencies, Ethereum and Caviar Tokens, which could 
result in the theft or loss of Caviar Tokens.



V1.02202018
PAGE 36 OF 44

6.6 INTERNET TRANSMISSION RISKS

There are risks associated with using Caviar Tokens including, but not limited to, the failure 
of hardware, software, and internet connections. The Caviar shall not be responsible for any 
communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions or delays you may experience when 
using the Caviar Platform and Caviar Tokens, howsoever caused. Transactions in cryptocurrency 
may be irreversible, and, accordingly, losses due to fraudulent or accidental transactions may 
not be recoverable. Cryptocurrency transactions are deemed to be made when recorded on a 
public ledger, which is not necessarily the date or time when the transaction is initiated.

7. CAVIAR PLATFORM DISCLOSURES

7.1  NO GUARANTEE THAT CAVIAR SMART CONTRACT WILL BE 
DEVELOPED

Purchaser acknowledges, understands and agrees that Purchaser should not expect and there 
is no guarantee or representation or warranty by Caviar that: (a) the Caviar Platform will ever be 
adopted; (b) the Caviar Platform will be adopted as developed by Caviar and not in a different 
or modified form; (c) a blockchain utilizing or adopting the Caviar will ever be launched; and 
(d) a blockchain will ever be launched with or without changes to the Caviar Platform and 
with or without a distribution matching the fixed balance of Initial Tokens (as defined below). 
Furthermore, the Tokens initially generated upon the Token Launch (Initial Tokens) will not have 
any functionality or rights on the Caviar Platform and holding Initial Tokens is not a guarantee, 
representation or warranty that the holder will be able to use the Caviar Platform, or receive any 
tokens utilized on the Caviar Platform, even if the Caviar Platform is launched and the Caviar 
Smart Contract is adopted, of which there is no guarantee, representation or warranty made by 
Caviar.

7.2  RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE CAVIAR SMART CONTRACT AND 
ASSOCIATED SOFTWARE AND/OR INFRASTRUCTURE.

The Caviar Smart Contract is based on the Ethereum blockchain. As such, any malfunction, 
unintended function or unexpected functioning of the Ethereum protocol may cause Caviar 
Tokens and/or the Caviar Platform to malfunction or function in an unexpected or unintended 
manner.

The Ethereum blockchain rests on open source software, and accordingly there is the risk that 
the Caviar Smart Contract may contain intentional or unintentional bugs or weaknesses which 



V1.02202018
PAGE 37 OF 44

may negatively affect Caviar Tokens or result in the loss or theft of Caviar Tokens or the loss 
of ability to access or control Caviar Tokens. In the event of such a software bug or weakness, 
there may be no remedy and Caviar Token holders are not guaranteed any remedy, refund or 
compensation.

On the Ethereum blockchain timing of block production is determined by proof of work so block 
production can occur at random times. For example, Ether transferred to Caviar’s recipient digital 
wallet address in the final seconds of a distribution period may not get included for that period. 
Purchaser acknowledges and understands that the Ethereum blockchain may not include the 
Purchaser’s transaction at the time Purchaser expects and Purchaser may not receive Caviar 
Tokens the same day Purchaser sends Ether. The Ethereum blockchain is prone to periodic 
congestion during which transactions can be delayed or lost. Individuals may also intentionally 
spam the Ethereum network in an attempt to gain an advantage in purchasing cryptographic 
tokens. Purchaser acknowledges and understands that Ethereum block producers may not 
include Purchaser’s transaction when Purchaser wants or Purchaser’s transaction may not be 
included at all.

Ether, the native unit of account of the Ethereum may itself lose value in ways similar to Caviar 
Tokens, and also other ways. More information about Ethereum is available at http://www.
ethereum.org

7.3 IRREVERSIBLE NATURE OF BLOCKCHAIN TRANSACTIONS

Transactions involving Caviar Tokens that have been verified, and thus recorded as a block on 
the blockchain, generally cannot be undone. Even if the transaction turns out to have been in 
error, or due to theft of a user’s Caviar Token, the transaction is not reversible. Further, at this 
time, there is no governmental, regulatory, investigative, or prosecutorial authority or mechanism 
through which to bring an action or complaint regarding missing or stolen cryptocurrencies and 
digital tokens. Consequently, the Caviar may be unable to replace missing Caviar Tokens or 
seek reimbursement for any erroneous transfer or theft of Caviar Tokens.

7.4 AMENDMENTS TO PROTOCOL

The development team and administrators of the source code for Ethereum blockchain or the 
Caviar Smart Contract could propose amendments to such network’s protocols and software 
that, if accepted and authorized, or not accepted, by the network community, could adversely 
affect the supply, security, value, or market share of Caviar Tokens.

http://www.ethereum.org
http://www.ethereum.org


V1.02202018
PAGE 38 OF 44

7.5 RISK OF MINING ATTACKS

As with other decentralized cryptocurrencies, Ethereum blockchain, which is used for the 
Caviar Tokens, is susceptible to mining attacks, including but not limited to double-spend 
attacks, majority mining power attacks, “selfish-mining” attacks, and race condition attacks. 
Any successful attacks present a risk to the Caviar Tokens, expected proper execution and 
sequencing of Caviar Tokens, and expected proper execution and sequencing of Ethereum 
contract computations in general. Despite the efforts of the Caviar and Ethereum Foundation, 
the risk of known or novel mining attacks exists. Mining attacks, as described above, may also 
target other blockchain networks, with which the Caviar Tokens interact with and consequently 
the Caviar Tokens may be impacted also in that way to the extent described above.

8. CAVIAR DISCLOSURES

8.1 LEGAL STRUCTURE OF TOKEN GENERATOR

The Issuer is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands pursuant to the 
Companies Law (Revised). An exempted company is a body corporate which has separate legal 
personality capable of exercising all the functions of a natural person of full capacity irrespective 
of any question of corporate benefit, and having perpetual succession. The constitution of an 
exempted company is contained in two documents, the memorandum of association and the 
articles of association (Articles). The Articles typically provide that there must be at least one 
director of a Cayman company. Generally, the Articles will specify that the management of a 
Cayman company is the responsibility of, and is carried out by, its board of directors. If the 
Articles permit it, a Cayman company may indemnify officers and directors of the company 
from all liabilities and expenses incurred by search persons in the performance of their duties. 
The memorandum of association of a Cayman company must specify the authorised share 
capital of such company. The memorandum of association will state the aggregate amount 
of the authorised share capital, together with details of the number of shares into which it is 
divided and the par value of those shares. As a Caviar Token holder, you are not entitled to any 
right or interest in or to shares of Caviar and have no rights to appoint or remove the board of 
directors of Caviar.

Because Caviar Tokens confer no governance rights of any kind with respect to the Caviar 
platform or Caviar, all decisions involving the Company’s products or services within the 
platform or Caviar itself will be made by Caviar at its sole discretion. These decisions could 
adversely affect the platform and the utility of any Caviar Token you own.



V1.02202018
PAGE 39 OF 44

8.2 DEPENDENCE ON MANAGEMENT TEAM

The ability of the Caviar Platform project team which is responsible for maintaining competitive 
position of the Caviar Platform is dependent to a large degree on the services of a senior 
management team. The loss or diminution in the services of members of such senior 
management team or an inability to attract, retain and maintain additional senior management 
personnel could have a material adverse effect on the Caviar Platform. Competition for 
personnel with relevant expertise is intense due to the small number of qualified individuals, 
and this competition may seriously affect the Caviar’s ability to retain its existing senior 
management and attract additional qualified senior management personnel, which could have 
a significant adverse impact on the Caviar Platform.

8.3 RISKS RELATED TO RELIANCE ON THIRD PARTIES

Even if completed, the Caviar Platform will rely, in whole or partly, on third-parties to adopt 
and implement it and to continue to develop, supply, and otherwise support it. There is no 
assurance or guarantee that those third-parties will complete their work, properly carry out 
their obligations, or otherwise meet anyone’s needs, any of which might have a material adverse 
effect on the Caviar Platform.

8.4  INSUFFICIENT INTEREST IN THE CAVIAR PLATFORM AND CAVIAR 
TOKENS

It is possible that the Caviar Platform or Caviar Tokens will not be used by a large number 
of individuals, businesses and organizations and that there will be limited public interest in 
the creation and development of its functionalities. Such a lack of interest could impact the 
development of the Caviar Platform.

8.5 CAVIAR PLATFORM DEVELOPMENT RISKS

The development of the Caviar Platform and/or Caviar Smart Contract may be abandoned 
for a number of reasons, including lack of interest from the public, lack of funding, lack of 
commercial success or prospects, or departure of key personnel.

8.6 CHANGES TO CAVIAR PLATFORM

The Caviar Platform is still under development and may undergo significant changes over time. 
Although Caviar Parties intend for the Caviar Platform to have the features and specifications 
set forth in this White Paper, changes to such features and specifications may be made for any 



V1.02202018
PAGE 40 OF 44

number of reasons, any of which may mean that the Caviar Platform does not meet expectations 
of the Purchaser.

8.7 OTHER PROJECTS

The Platform may give rise to other, alternative projects, promoted by parties that are affiliated 
or unaffiliated with the Caviar Parties, and such projects may provide no benefit to the Caviar 
Platform.

8.8 DISCLOSURES RELATING TO CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

Any of the Caviar Parties may be engaged in transactions with related parties and conflicts 
of interest may arise, potentially resulting in the conclusion of transactions on terms not 
determined by market forces.

9. EXCLUDED PERSONS

CAV will not be sold to anyone where the acquisition by such a person would cause a breach 
of the law or requirements of any country or governmental authority, including anti-money 
laundering regulations or conventions. In addition to the foregoing, the following persons 
(Purchaser) are explicitly restricted from purchasing CAV:

9.1 a Purchaser who is a member of the public in the Cayman Islands;

9.2  a Purchaser on behalf of terrorists or terrorist organisations, including those persons 
or entities that are included on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked 
Persons maintained by the US Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Asset Control1 
(OFAC);

1 The OFAC list may be accessed on the web at http://www.treas.gov/ofac.



V1.02202018
PAGE 41 OF 44

9.3  a Purchaser who acts, directly or indirectly, for a senior foreign political figure, any 
member of a senior foreign political figure’s immediate family or any close associate 
of a senior foreign political figure2 unless Caviar, after being specifically notified by 
the Purchaser in writing that it is such a person, conducts further due diligence, and 
determines that the investment is permitted;

9.4  a Purchaser or an entity acting as trustee, agent, representative or nominee for a 
Purchaser that is a foreign shell bank3;

9.5  a Purchaser who makes representations or warranties in the Terms and Conditions 
that are not true when given or have ceased to be true;

9.6  a Purchaser whose circumstances are such that, in the opinion of Caviar’s directors, 
its continued ownership of CAV would cause an undue risk of adverse tax or other 
consequences to Caviar. Those circumstances include those that affect that 
Purchaser directly or indirectly, whether taken alone or in conjunction with another 
person or persons, connected or not, or any other circumstance that appears to the 
directors to be relevant; and

2  Senior foreign political figure means a senior official in the executive, legislative, administrative, military or 
judicial branches of a foreign government (whether elected or not), a senior official of a major foreign political 

party or a senior executive of a foreign government-owned corporation. In addition a senior foreign political 

figure includes any corporation, business or other entity that has been formed by, or for the benefit of, a senior 

foreign political figure. The immediate family of a senior foreign political figure typically includes the political 

figure’s parents, siblings, spouse, children and in-laws. A close associate of a senior foreign political figure is 

a person who is widely and publicly known internationally to maintain an unusually close relationship with the 

senior foreign political figure, and includes a person who is in a position to conduct substantial domestic and 

international financial transactions on behalf of the senior foreign political figure.

3  Foreign shell bank means a foreign bank without a physical presence in any country, but does not include a 
regulated affiliate.



V1.02202018
PAGE 42 OF 44

9.7  a Purchaser, or a Purchaser that is an entity acting as trustee, agent, representative or 
nominee for a person, who is a United States person (within the meaning of Rule 902 
of Regulation S of the United States Securities Act, as amended).4 The Purchaser  
must notify Caviar immediately if the Purchaser becomes a United States person or 
becomes aware that any person for whom the Purchaser holds shares as trustee, 
agent, representative or nominee has become a United States person. Despite this, 
if Caviar chooses to comply fully with applicable U.S. laws and regulations, Caviar 
may arrange for the private placement of CAV to Purchasers who are in the United 
States or who are U.S. Persons if, among other things, each such Purchaser delivers 
to Caviar a completed form of these Terms and Conditions that contains certain 
representations, warranties and agreements in accordance with applicable U.S. laws 
and regulations before acquiring any CAV.

10. REGULATION S ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

As stated in Caviar’s whitepaper and related terms and conditions, our offering of CAV tokens 
is being conducted outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation 
S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and as a result, U.S. 
persons within the meaning of such regulation are prohibited from purchasing CAV tokens 
in the offering. Prior to the release of the CAV token to you, you must confirm, and provide 

4   “U.S. Person” means:
 (i) any natural person resident in the United States;

 (ii) any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States;

 (iii) any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. Person;

 (iv) any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. Person;

 (v) any agency or branch of a non-U.S. entity located in the United States;

 (vi)  any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 

other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. Person;

 (vii)  any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 

fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; or

 (viii) any partnership or corporation if:

  (A) organized or incorporated under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction; and

  (B)  formed by a U.S. Person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered 

under the Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited investors 

(as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Act) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts.



V1.02202018
PAGE 43 OF 44

supporting identifying documentation to establish, that you are not a U.S. person. By accepting 
the CAV tokens, you acknowledge and confirm that the CAV tokens have not been registered 
under the Securities Act and prior to the one year anniversary of the release of the tokens may 
not be offered or sold by you in the United States or to U.S. persons. You also acknowledge 
that the CAV tokens are not freely tradable in the United States pursuant to Rule 144 under 
the Securities Act or otherwise and that that you will not undertake any resale of the CAV 
tokens within the United States or to any U.S. person unless such resale is made pursuant to 
an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. You also acknowledge that any listing 
of the CAV tokens by you on any exchange operating outside the United States that allows 
unrestricted access by U.S. persons is not authorized by Caviar.



THANK YOU! 
PARTICIPATE IN ICO

www.caviar.io
JOIN OUR TELEGRAM

FOR UPDATES

http://www.caviar.io
https://t.me/caviar0x

	Introduction
	Investment Thesis
	Company History and Profile
	What is private real estate lending?
	Why use private real estate debt?
	The benefits of private real estate lending are:
	Asset Tokenization

	Business Model
	Advantages
	Benefits
	Crypto Investment Activities
	Caviar Intelligent Predictive Model (IPM)
	Real Estate Lending Activities
	Real Estate Lending Process
	Application and Credit Check
	Market
	ARV (After Rehab Value) Determination
	Improvement
	Real Estate Lending Past Performance
	Collateral
	Profit and Dividend Distribution

	Caviar Platform
	Audit and Security
	Compliance
	Timetable/Roadmap
	Token Generating Event
	Use of Funds
	Team Members
	Legal Disclaimers

